5	Maestro Chris Bianco whips up addictive sandwiches at his laboratory on Central Avenue. Ingredients are local and super-fantastic. Check out what today's market sandwich is -- if it's oven-roasted pork, buy it immediately. Don't miss the rice pudding.
3	Once again, everyone is going nuts over anything Chris Bianco touches.  Look, these sandwiches are good - I had a salami and cheese, and my friend had a roated eggplant.  Tried them both, and they are better than something I can make at home.  However, if I wanted to sit at a picnic table breathing in exhaust from Central Ave traffic - well, I wouldn't actually.  the sandwich would have been better if they had real tables - either indoor or on a protected patio, not a homemade bench in a parking lot.
5	These sandwiches are the bomb.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Yum, yum, yum. The tomato/mozzarella/basil sandwich is to-die-for, the tuna is crazy good too (in either sandwich or salad form). I love that they always have something different for dessert or a local produce treat. One of the girls at the counter has the personality of a cardboard box, but the other girl makes up for it. They have limited hours so make sure they are open before you go or you will be disappointed- especially when you read the mouth-watering menu that is posted in the window. They also have a good selection of drinks to go with your lunch. It is a little pricey and there is no where to sit but outside. My advice is to go with a friend and get two different things to split so for your money you can experience twice as much. You are allowed to go next door to Lux to eat if you buy something there too. I took off one star just based on the lack of seating, especially when trying to dine with a 2 year old.
5	Pane Bianco doesn't offer a crazy-big menu, but you won't care about a huge selection after you take the first bite of your sandwich or salad. A brick oven in the center of the restaurant ensures fresh bread on a daily basis. It's crispy, chewy and delicious. The Market Sandwich varies on availability and price depending on what's fresh for whatever time of year you choose to dine there. You can purchase entire loaves of their famous sandwich bread to share with others or greedily scarf it down in a dark corner somewhere in a manner not unlike that of a starving badger.Be prepared for a bit of a wait during the lunch time hours of the Monday - Friday white collar work week. The secret is out, but it's definitely worth the wait.
5	At first, I was a little disappointed in the menu selection. Only three sandwiches plus two daily specials? And then, no normal drinks? All a brother wanted was a diet coke but they . . .didn't carry coke or pepsi? What kind of restaurant was this?As it turned out, a damn good one. And then I realized, how dare I presume I will know better what I want to eat than Chris Bianco, my favorite chef and purveyor of restaurants in the Valley? It would be like telling your favorite band how to play their instruments.It makes much more sense, and works out much better in the end, if you just let them do what they do and sample the final product. And the no coca cola, by the way, is a great call. They have an entirely organic alternative with no caffeine called China Soda that was more than satisfactory. So if you're not sure, ask whoever is working for a recommendation and trust that Bianco will deliver.
4	Ok...if the market sandwich of the day is the BLT, order it. It will make you weak. Otherwise, I am faithful to the Mozzerella, Tomato, Basil...either as a sandwich in their chewy lovely bread or prepared as a salad (with a bit of his signature crusty loaf on the side.) I've also never gone wrong ordering their fresh fruit, the watermelon with a squeeze of fresh lemon is wonderfully refreshing when it's in season. Add a little somethin' somethin' from LUX next door and you'll be rubbing your belly and getting your three wishes fulfilled all at the same time.
4	I am rating a 4.5.Today I had the Fennel Sausage Market sandwich that I really didn't expect to like (I've had it once before and wasn't in the mood for it today).    It rocked.Also bought some fresh Pomagranite seeds for my guacamole tonight.Wish List (Fat Chance)*  Homemade sun-tea*  That Foccia with the olives again please*  Some other option... I eat here a few times a week and want one other option on the menu.
4	I think I have a new addiction.  The mozzerella-tomato-basil sandwich from Pane Bianco.  Paired with one of those all-natural colas, it was pretty much perfect.It would have been completely perfect if I had been able to sit on a patio (away from Central) to enjoy my simple and delicious sandwich in the lovely sunshine.4.5 stars.
4	Pane Bianco has, by far, the best caprese (mozzarella, tomato, and basil) sandwich that I've ever experienced.  The mozzarella is incredibly fresh and creamy, and the tomatoes are always super ripe and flavorful.  Last week I tried the caprese sandwich at Cafe Centro, who does have an amazing ham and swiss, and nearly got homesick for Pane Bianco =) If not for one mediocre experience with a pork sandwich I would give them 5 stars. Oh, and being next to Lux (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lux-coffeebar-phoenix) doesn't hurt one bit.  Great way to spend an afternoon!
4	Need your Bianco fix but don't want to wait in line for three hours or get in a fight because of a shortcutter? Eat here instead. Take out only and very limited menu but who cares there food is great! Lucky for me I live close by so I can bring it home. There sandwiches are made with all fresh ingredients and their bread is wonderful. Next door is a place called Lux Coffee House. Erick is a hoot. They are very good to their customers and I had the best Vanilla Latte every here. You can sit here with your Bianco sandwich and surf the net with your laptop. A small piece of paradise!!!!!!Be forewarned Bianco's is not cheap!
4	Great bread baked on site? Super fresh mozzarella, tomatoes & basil?Available fresh fruit and salads.This place is right up the alley for those that are looking for a healthier alternative to lunch in CenPho.  My only beef with Pane Bianco is the lack of choice.  They have a couple sandwiches, a couple salads and that's about it.  Now, what they do make is really good (along with the caprese sandwich, I suggest the sopprasetta- amazingly good salami- and provolone), I just wish they made more of it.  Also, be aware, this isn't a sit-down place.  You order, pay, have a quick convo with one of the friendly staffmembers and take away.  From there, you can choose to take it with you to wherever or eat on the picnic benches shared with Lux with the lovely backdrop of Central Ave construction.
5	Simply the best sandwiches I have ever tasted.The Mozarella, Tomato, Basil is perfect. The focaccia bread is perfectly crunchy and slightly salted to the consummate texture.I wish I still worked closer...
4	Excellent place for food. I've only been here twice but the food is so tasty. I really love the atmosphere of it, especially on a Saturday or Sunday brunch time. 4 out of 5 simply because they're NEVER OPEN!
4	I just love being the rebel sometimes. You know, like Fonzie. With friends named Pinky and Leather. Hey,  aren't those the bartenders names at Padlock (or whatever the heck it's called now)? My first Pane Bianco sandwich was consumed just seconds ago. The creamy, uber fresh mozzarella is still dripping down my face. The house baked focaccia, crisp and chewy in  all the right places. And loaded with fresh basil, bursting with flavor. The tomatoes, well, the tomatoes were OK. So why am I just satisfied instead of my eyes rolling back into my head and my toes curling up, like when I eat ice cream in bed? I give the sandwich, for me, 3 stars. Not because it's not fantastic. I guess I just tire of eating mozzarella. The texture gets funky to me. But, this place is amazing. And I will go back. But the rebel in me must tell you what WAS 5 stars today. Julie's organic Carolina gold rice pudding.  I'm sitting in a tub right now. Go get some. Oh, I'm sorry, you can't. I got the last one!!!
4	I loved this place except for the limited choices.  But I think if there were more options, it might mean more people, a longer wait and REALLY no place to sit.  It may be off of a nasty busy street, but sitting at the picnic table under the sun eating my sandwich, I felt like I was somewhere else.  I figured out on my second trip to get an ice tea next door at Lux....free refills!
5	Years ago, I remember hearing Chris Bianco say he was searching around for a kitchen in town where he could bake bread and do some occasional cooking. How lucky for us Valley folk that he took that idea a couple steps further and opened a lunch spot.And, boy, does he bake bread here - that's what makes the sandwiches at Pane Bianco unforgettable. It's like ciabatta meets pita bread in a wood-fired oven - and every bit as good as his pizza dough. Add to that some of the best meats, cheeses and other deliciousness available and you've got one heck of a great sandwich. I'm usually partial to whatever the market sandwich happens to be - especially the prosciutto, sausage or braseola - though the always-on-the-menu sopressata can be every bit as tasty (note: sometimes the salami is sliced really thick and I prefer thinner slices; also the red peppers are great, but I kind of miss the olive tapenade they use to use.)Focaccia here is also a don't miss and flavors change daily. I think it's best when there's tomato, caramelized onions and a hard cheese; definitely asked for it warmed up. Not a big fan of the lemon rosemary, but I'm sure that appeals to some palates. I've only had a salad once, never the tuna, so I can't really say much about those, except that I'm sure the ingredients and flavor combinations are top-notch - wouldn't be in a Bianco restaurant otherwise. That's why I always come back for more...
5	YESSSSSS! Oh my gosh this is good food. My husband brought me here first, then recently my sister-in-law got mini-sandwiches for my wedding craft party that she hosted, and I ate three of them because they were just so good! I've gotta get back there soon!
5	I just don't get those who would rate this place with less then 5 stars. That is simply injustice to the place, to the fans of Bianco and to the extraordinary FOOD being served there!You are getting a sandwich with old world brick oven wood fire cooked bread and local organic ingredients for $8 dollars and you are complaining about the cars passing by outside!!! And you are in the middle of the desert! Give me a break!
5	Oh, the bread.I had read enough glowing Yelp reviews.  Today, nothing else would suffice for lunch than a sandwich from Pane Bianco.  Truth be told, the overwhelming praise was the perfect set up.  You know - big expectation, big disappointment.I've driven by the joint a few times, but actually missed it while blowing down Central.  The light rail tracks made for a tricky time getting back, but I managed.  I walked in the front door.  Small line.  Small customer area.  Seriously, there's enough open space in the back to move the counter 30 feet and insert some tables.  Whatever, I still dug the look.  Small menu.  I ordered the house mozzarella with a house cola, waited for my food, and set up shop on a picnic table outside with my wife.The sandwich was great but the bread was FANTASTIC with a capital F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C.  Seriously.  I'm still thinking about it.  So, in short, Pane Bianco lived up to every unrealistic expectation I had based on this silly and irreplaceable website.  Businesses like this are the reason Phoenix has gotten 500x cooler in the past few years.
5	I of course have a crush on Chris Bianco. Not because of his rugged good looks or what could be hiding behind his fly but because of his ideals and passions. He is committed to the finest ingredients.. the best techniques and has the knowledge to pull it all together almost daily with consistency. I admire what he does and it simply shows in all that he makes. PB for me is hands down the best place in town for a great rustic sandwich. The flavors and textures are simple yet when combined offer a complexity that's hard to beat. Down to earth this place directly reflects the passion of it's owner. Chris Bianco should run for president.. no bs.. no lying about WMD.. just true and real, honest to goodness.
4	Four and a half stars.Fresh and Delicious. Ill say it again. Fresh and Delicious.The food gets 5 stars.Seating/ outside patio is where I doc points. Oh, and the beverage selection. I don't want to go next door and stand in another line for my drink. If they had fresh juices or something I would look past the seating.The patch of grass behind the building is nice on a cloudy day. you will see me there again.I would like to eat there on a Monday.and I have nursed in the parking lot.
5	MMMMMMM.. sandwiches......Anytime I hear mention of pane bianco.. my mouth waters.  That remarkably simple and successful formula that has made Pizzeria Bianco so famous, has once again been executed to perfection in this little restaurant off of central.  They are only open for lunch(  11am-3pm), and I recommend avoiding stopping by during the height of lunch hour.  On a side note, there is no indoor dining.  Seating is limited to wooden tables and benches out front that are shared with the customers of Lux. I always introduce friends and co-workers to this place.  and everytime we leave its the same reaction.... Wow!  During my last visit to Pane Bianco, I took a co-worker who had never been there.  while we were waiting, the owner comes rolling in with a basket of fresh veggies that looked amazing.  Does he grow this in his garden?  Did he sign a deal with the devil?  I dont know how he does it.  I usually go for the Mozzarella, Local Tomato & Basil sandwich.  This thing is crazy delicious.  And when people say fresh, they mean it.  Its perfect and the bread is insanely delicious (chewy and crunchy all at the same time).  The same goes for any sandwich you might choose here.Also, if you love to just chow on some fresh baked bread like I do, grab a baguette.  they are $3 and can't be beat.This place is a winner and you will be glad you tried it
5	THE best sandwich. I've tried all of the few options, but the mozza is the best. Don't even worry about anything else. Fresh mozzarella made on the premises -- and some of the best damn bread.Absolutely fresh ingredients -- and many are locally grown!At $8 a sandwich, it's a little expensive, but you can share . . . and totally worth it. Best. Sandwich. In Phoenix.Go for take-away or just walk across the street to Steele Indian School Park for an impromptu picnic.
5	These are simply the BEST sandwiches and salads. If you like your food (a) locally grown; (b) freshly made; (c) organic/all natural; and (d) yummy - and who doesn't? - this is the place for you.Now, admittedly they have something of a soup-nazi routine set up and if you walk in and don't know the drill, it can be confusing.  So pay attention:   1.  Look at menu.2.  Decide what you want.3.  Wait your turn to order.4.  Order (give your name).5.  Wait your turn to be called to pay the other girl for the order you placed.6.  Pay her.7.  Wait until your food is ready.8.  Leave with your food.Note that there is no place to sit inside - so you can either sit outside, or, (if it is 157 degrees out that day), see if you can find a place to sit over at LUX, they are very welcoming of Pane Bianco diners. It's all good.
5	Damn good superior quality food. What a gem this place is. The menu is small, sandwiches, salads, drinks. Everything they do is home made, the bread the cheese. The veggies are local and or organic. It has a very original twist, you can't find anything even close in the area. Love it!
4	In response to the people asking why anyone would rate this place less than 5 stars... we don't all have the same taste, thats why.I like Pane Bianco quite a bit, but I have to admit that I have only had one sandwich of the menu, and that is the Soppresata. The first few times I had it, it was covered in roasted red peppers, and oh so delicious. One day they started using carmelized onions, killed the sandwich, and that is why I stopped going. I like the concept, and I like the deal they have worked out with Lux next door which allows you to eat there as long as you buy something from them. They don't have to do that, so it's nice they do. I have always liked Chris, and praised his use of high quality ingredients, and his sandwich shop is no exception. Only thing I don't like is sitting on the side of Central Avenue listening to cars whistle by. I always wish they would move the patio dining to the other parking lot on the south side of the restaurant, and then use the current patio for more parking. At least this way you wouldn't have to listen to the cars as much. Don't think they own that lot though.
5	I love this place.  It has a small menu.  But what it does have is really good.  I always get the mozzarella, basil, & tomato sandwich.  It is so delicious.  Pane Bianco can be a little hard to find the first time, but it is definitely worth seeking out.
4	If you've eaten at Pizzeria Bianco, you already have an understanding of how much care and attention the folks at Pane Bianco will give to your sandwich. Today's market sandwich was filled with textured goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, and arugula -- delicious. Each sandwich comes with a small piece of candy for dessert (which, if you're like me, you'll eat on the way out the door). While the sandwiches are great, here's the beauty of Pane Bianco -- you can purchase loaves of the house bread served at Pizzeria Bianco for $3 each. I've never had better bread than this. Period. I'll be picking up a loaf the next time I make Nigella's trout pate (http://www.notquitenigella.com/2008/01/22/smoked-trout-pate-from-nigella-express/).
5	The best sandwich I've ever had is hands down Chris Bianco's amazing housemade mozzarella, local tomato and basil sandwich. All his sandwiches are delivered on amazing pane (Italian bread) with ingredients of the highest quality - as at Pizzeria Bianco. If I stop by with less hunger I usually go for the house made focaccia, the pieces are large enough to practically be considered a slice of deep dish pizza. They're topped with a different combination daily and are heated in the wood fired oven before being wrapped up - it's amazing for half the price of the sandwich.Be warned that seating is only outdoors, but the tables are covered by shade with water misters. So depending on the weather this usually isn't that big of a deal. And if you are really brave you may venture next door into Lux for a cool drink and an escape from the outdoor tables.This is a wonderful spot for a casual lunch or for bringing people from out of town. The lines are not nearly as long as they are at Pizzeria Bianco.... yet.
3	As an old Pizzeria Bianco customer from way back , I admittedly dragged some pretty high expectations in with me to Pane Bianco; maybe something along the lines of the deli sandwiches Duck N Decanter made to order for so many years near 16th and Camelback, or maybe even something a little better.  Wow. Was I disappointed.   My $8 tuna sandwich, straight off the menu, was supposed to come with fancy olives and red onion and came with neither - just tuna and copious arugula on spongy flatbread.  I was surprised, considering they make the same three or four items over and over, and disappointed, since I was craving a richly texured, crunchy construction. The tuna tasted fine - I think they put some lemon in it and maybe there's an olive or two pulverized beyond recognition into the paste - but it's no better than when I open a can of albacore at home and add a little horseradish or curry or what have you and slap some water chestnuts on top - or when I go to Subway and pile black olives, tomato and cheese on a larger, cheaper sub ( on admittedly inferior bread).  The bread here was round and chewy, spongy, but not crunchy at all - reminded me of the bread at Schlotsky's - the whole thing was just kind of flat.  My son had the salami and provelone and said it was "good". Not great or amazing. Just "good".  We spent $21.62 on two smallish sandwiches and creme sodas to go. No sides. Meh.  The girls in front were friendly and efficient and the food came out incredibly fast - so quick I wondered if (dare I say it?) my sandwich was PRE-MADE. Mine tasted like it could have been. I dont know if the bread was intended to be warm or not, but after a 10 min drive home, it wasnt.  They use nice heavy paper to wrap up the food and a cute paper "to-go" bag with a handle. The waiting area is small and there's one (1) metal folding chair for people to sit on. I guess the idea is to walk around and peruse the tiny $16 bottles of imported capers instead, and since it's 110 outside I really wouldnt expect more air conditioned seating from the guy who makes folks wait hours for pizza across town instead of simply taking reservations. Someday, I'll come back to try the mozzarella and tomato cuz I still remember how good his cheese tasted a decade earlier, and Chris B's track record has certainly earned him a second chance, but I wont be burning my gas or wallet on return trips this hot summer, based on today's experience.
4	Oh Pane Bianco....your little caramel cremes at the bottom of the bag knock you up to a 4 star review.  I love caramel cremes, but really l am at a 3.5 with you.  Honestly, I would go down to a 3 but...those caramels save you.I'll be real.  The sandwiches are good.  Best mozzarella I've ever had? No.  (The Italian deli in the town my parents live in has amazing mozzarella) Best caprese sandwich I've ever had? No.  (Oh Oxford Spa...how I miss you so.....your Thesis is so yummy...)   Best caprese sandwich in the Valley? Perhaps.  I was not impressed with the bread by any means....there was nothing truly stellar about it.  And I found the soprasetta to be very salty.  I know Italian meats can sometimes be salty but this was a little much.The extremely limited menu and the fact they aren't open on Mondays takes a star off right there.  The space is kind of barren.  I'm used to Italian sandwich shops being light, airy, welcoming and warm places.  Pane Bianco was kind of like a sandwich factory.  They have a very limited grocery section which just seemed to me to be for show.  "Let's throw in this grocery section to make it look like an Italian market!"    I don't think the price they charge is justifiable.  I don't know...where I'm from there are plenty of sandwich shops where you can get just as good, if not better, of a sandwich (from a much larger selection) AND a drink AND a bag of chips (or salad if you want) for the same price.  At least you do get those caramels...
4	very fresh, friendly, and fast. not much else to ask for in a sandwich shop.
5	I want to hate you, Pane Bianco. I really really want to hate you. With every fabulous fiber in my being.You have weird hours, an overwhelming "not quite industrial, not quite rustic" decor, and your $8 Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil salad consists of a cut up tomato and a few, uh, "slugs" of mozzarella topped with soggy basil leaves. But the real reason I want to hate you is that you duped me. You bamboozled, shanghaied and probably even Kansas City Shuffled me too.You lured me into this false sense of disappointment with my tiny salad and loaf of bread rolled up in a piece of paper.You watched me eat it too, didn't you?You saw me take a big chunk out of one of those cheese slugs. You watched me enjoying that salad. That delicious, gooey salad.And you liked it, didn't you? You liked watching me scarf down that salad like it was an item from a value menu. You got a sick kick out of seeing me tear through that bread like I'd never had it so good. You bastard.I want to hate you. I want to give you two stars and rant and rave about how you teh lame.But I can't. I just can't. That salad was just, like, whoa. That had to be the freshest mozzarella and the freshest tomatoes I'd ever tasted.It made olive garden salad taste like bagged lettuce doused in olive oil.And if Subway made bread as fresh as yours, I would stop going in there periodically to order the seafood sensation (toasted!) just to watch the employees and other patrons moan and cringe. I want to hate you. But that bait and switch, luring me in with that "too cool for you" vibe and then hitting me up with some flava, that takes skill. That takes cunning.And as a woman who spent her youth tying bedsheets around her neck and trying to burn the neighbor's house down with her mind, I appreciate cunning.Four stars for being cunning, and one star for being leaps and bounds of awesome ahead of Lux. I don't care if it's vegan. It's still a cupcake, you're still a grown up, and eating it while surfing the web on your flashy new laptop does not make you look any less ridiculous.
4	I've yet to try Pizzeria Bianco (one of these days!) but as this place shares the same owner, I found that grabbing a sandwich here is much less of a hassle than waiting in line for a pizza at PB.   Never thought twice about making the trip out from Peoria for lunch, either.The word is that the owner is very fastidious when it comes to food thus he only uses fresh, local ingredients--often from his own garden.  Taste one of the sandwiches to find out for yourself!Seriously though, how many places can you go where the owner is the one responsible for baking the bread for YOUR sandwich?  Not many.  But here he will.  So what if I was a tad celeb-struck, at least I didn't embarrass myself by waving and shouting at him.  Meh, he's probably used to it.
4	Seriously... everyone wanting to blow Chris Bianco is a little annoying, however, i must say, the sammies are pretty damn good. On my first visit (ya, I was shocked they were open too) I had the tuna. My decision was based on a review I read. We all have different taste so no harm, no foul..I wasn't terribly impressed. Since I'm a die hard Lux fanatic and I live so close I was more than willing to give it another shot.One word : soppressata One more word: WOWsoooooo damn good and it literally filled me up in the best best way. Created a nice "lining" for my tummy so I could down some brews by the pool all day and still get in to work on time the following morning.I love you Pane.So Chris B.... a little road head??  whatdoya say??
5	Amazing place!   The menu is limited but in way like In n Out Burger.   The staples are the housemade mozzarella, local tomato & basil, thetuna with red onion, gaeta olives, lemon & arugula, and the soppressata with aged provolone & roasted peppers.   There is also a daily special which I would always recommend.    There is always something for everybody here.   The sanwiches are big enough to split, and you can wash it down with a microbrew soda.   Your meal also come with a complimentary caramel creame.    There is no seating on the inside however there are picnik table outside for those that prefer.   GO!  TRY!  ENJOY!
5	mmm.... I am so happy that I can't make it to Panne Bianco every day.  If I could, I'd be spoiled and unable to eat relatively crappy sandwiches and salads.  Must must try the fresh mozzarella (salad or sandwich form).  Did I say... mmmmmm.........
4	The mozarella sandwich is amazing.  They have a very limited menu, but once you try the food, you will eat there regularly.All outdoor seating, and they have limited hours, so make sure you check the hours before you head out there.
4	Good but not great. The first time  I went I was a little disappointed with my sandwich options... a total of 3 plus a "market sandwich". Granted I am usually content with anything including Mozzarella however this one didn't leave a lasting impression and I haven't been back since that first encounter. I will say that doesn't mean I won't be back I just think my order will be a bit different the next go-round. Other reviews seem to have really enjoyed that particular sandwich so I will give them the benefit of the doubt for now and a four star rating rather than a three and say that *MAYBE* I went on an off day.
4	Like Amber- I want to hate this place. There is just so much hoopla in this country over some pizza and the like.What Panne Bianco gets right is -quick, polite, but personalized service-a great short menu with no surprises-great "to go" options-big portions (when a sandwich and a drink cost $12 it better be good)-close to my work, wishing they would move into my work's cafe space-its right by lux-its food that any single person could make at home with a sandwich press, but doesn't b/c high quality bread and the like go bad too soonthe somewhat bad-wierd hours and parkingkinda high pricesno place to "sit" and "wait"
5	Shortest review ever.Awesome mozzarella, super fresh basil, tomatoes that taste like tomatoes, real bread. These are a few of my favorite things. Anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars - don't go back, you don't deserve this place. Go play in traffic or DIAF or something.
5	Ok, you have all heard it before, but I am going to say it anyway.I love this place.  I always get the mozzarella sandwich and it is one of my favorite sandwiches, ever.  The homemade mozzarella is delicious, especially when they make it extra salty.  The bread is wonderful, always. It is a very large sandwich, you can easily save half for later if you want.  Lux next door has awesome lemonade, very sour.
5	Pane Bianco is #7 on my speed dial, so I can call them and ask what their Market Sandwich of the day is!  My mom is #8.  Is that bad?I have grown up eating italian sandwiches from my neighborhood, my entire life.  So ever since I moved here, I've been comparison shopping.  I still love Alpine, Gene's Deli, and Freddy's, but marone!   The ingredients and preparations are simple, which puts them on another level.Menu-simple and straightforward.Bread-disturbingMozzarella texture and taste- truly homemade.Tomatoes- Sea salt and Fresh Ground Pepper!Counter Girls-Word up.Price-a tad high, but I would almost pay double.Salty piece of Caramel or Fudge Candy- Thank You. I'm pushing #7 right now, to see if there is anything to sway me away from getting the Mozzarella or Sopressata sandwich today.
5	The 5 Stars let you know where I stand. Uniquely awesome sammiches on crazy fresh Umbrian-style bread. You cannot go wrong.So just a tip:keep calling and checking to see if one of the following is the market sammich that day. - crumbled sausage and melted mozzarella - pulled pork - pulled lamb If it is one of the above, in that order, drop whatever you're doing and get there as fast as you can. Also, do not ignore the market focaccia. Even if it just looks like a pile of veggies on a sheet pan pizza, it is fantastic.
5	Oh, Pane Bianco, there was I time when I visited you twice a week...  There is something wonderful to be said about knowing you can just order the Market Sandwich and never be disappointed.Now, I live in NY, the food capital of America, and I have yet to find a place with such wonderful people and delicious food.  I miss Bianco's bread on the daily, and there is a little piece of me that hates New York for not capitalizing on the joy that is Pane Bianco's mayo-less tuna sandwich.But when I'm back for Christmas, I'll be there at least five times.  No lie.
5	What can I say this place is terrific? My usual is in Housemade Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil and Cream Soda. It's comfort food for an adult. Yummy! My only gripe is that this place isn't closer to my office. :.(
4	in my book this place deserves between  4 and 4.5 stars. it's all about the oven-baked bread. a limited menu but focuses on great sandwiches with quality ingredients.  can't go wrong with the classic tomato,mozz, and basil sandwich. delicious. only thing i wish was for some indoor tables
4	Soppressata... you are my mistress.... your creamy texture, the saltiness of your flesh, I must have you every day. Know that if we are found out I will call you a whore, for it is not my fault that I yearn for you.
4	Yep, I'll give it four stars. The bread was warm, fresh and crunchy, the cheese super flavorful and the menu short brief and to the point. What's not to love???Took away a star because of no inside dining and not a whole lot of people want to have a sandwich in 115 degrees even if there is a sunshade.
4	Every Saturday for the last three weeks I've schlepped into Pane Bianco to get my fix. Though I feel tragically uncool in my saturday afternoon "best"(which may as well be pajamas) I bravely step up to the counter, say hello to the nice girls and order my delicious sandwich. And they are ALL delicious. The bread is truly orgasmic. They could hand out slices of the bread with nothing in between and I would still pay $9 to eat that shit. I'm intrigued by the alleged variety of the market sandwich. The tend to serve the same thing on the weekends, maybe I should try during the week sometime?
5	This place is awesome. For the guy who said you should go to Safeway instead for a sandwich, well, I'm guessing he probably thinks a steak at Applebees rivals a steak at City Hall. If you like turkey with mayo and mustard, you can't get that here. If you like to try new things with fresh ingredients, you might want to give this a try. Yes during the summer it is hot and they only have outdoor seating, but how about taking it to go and eating in your car? I've done in many times. As I say in my Pizzeria Bianco review, I now live in NYC but will take extended layovers in Phoenix gladly to stop at these two places. I have also scheduled meetings around these places being open! It's THAT good!
4	Setting:  Very small, quaint place.  Seating are all located outside.  Nice area with parking lot, which is a plus.  Very clean.Food:  Very yummy.  We tried all their sandwiches and they were all good.  I especially liked the tuna...highly recommended.  And all the drinks are unique.Service:  We came practically at closing time.  They only had a few breads left, and they accommodated our group of 6 just fine.  Very nice folks.
4	Ok, I have to say that the tomato basil sandwich at this place is unbelievably charismatic and delicious......and I love me some sandwiches......this one is definately one of my favorites. From the first bite to the last I am in love with this sandwich.....slightly weird I know. The bread is fresh baked wood fired........um awesome. The tomatoes are fresh and I am pretty sure, locally grown.....so they are full of flavor and then there is the mozarella......oh sweet mother of god....sooooo good. My mom and I usually go about twice a week and split one and I look forward to it every time.
5	Don't enjoy spending four hours in the desert heat to enjoy Bianco magic?Come to Pane Bianco for lunch instead. The delicious sandwiches are typically available in about five minutes; even when the line is long. Outdoor seating with misters and plentiful shade makes for a pleasant "dining in" experience even during the warm months.I typically order the mozarella sandwich with fresh basil and tomato on Bianco's glorious bread. It comes in a nice bag with a pseudo-cloth napkin and a high-quality chocolate. There are three sandwiches available daily: the mozarella, a sopresata and a "market" (changes daily). Salads are also available. Delicious bottled teas and colas made with cane sugar (not corn syrup) are ready to quench your thirst.With a trip to Quizno's costing almost $10, why not ditch the chains and come here for a gourmet sandwich that will end up costing the same or just a bit more when all is said and done? Make sure you plan a lunch visit, however, because the shop is only open from 11 AM to 3 PM and closed on Sunday.
5	Quality trumps quantity. That's their philosophy regarding menu design, a ballsy move for any restaurant. Fortunately for us, they can back it up with amazing craft! Their sandwiches are top notch, thanks to amazing freshly baked bread and quality ingredients (Soppressata, FTW).Notes: Outdoor seating with misters only, nothing special; You won't find high fructose corn syrup in their soda selection; Their sister restaurant, Pizza Bianco, is also ridiculously good and nationally recognized.
5	"Left to my own devices I will always choose Panne Bianco,"  I explained to my boss as I entered the office with yet another brown paper bag with handles containing a goat cheese based sandwich.  It's one of the sandwiches that isn't on the menu every day.  It is delicious.  There are three sandwiches that are every day and one that rotates.  On a day when the rotating sandwich isn't something I'd like, I get the Mozzarella, Basil, and Tomato sandwich.  I don't really like tomatoes, but Panne Bianco has this down perfectly.  Included with each sandwich (and I imagine all the other lunches, but I've never gotten a salad because I LOVE the bread of the sandwiches too much) is a chocolate...mmm.  I feel like I'm five, shopping at the Ranch Market with my grandmother being allowed to pick out one candy as we leave the store.  When they have pomegranate seeds in a little container for $1.50 I can't resist.  I want to buy every single thing they have in Panne Bianco (it's simple inside, just a counter where you order, an expansive back area that is completely open, showcasing a large oven, no seating inside).  The little bookshelf full of expensive olive oil and salted capers are just calling my name every time.It's a complete addiction, especially since it's so close to where I work.They are closed on Mondays, so plan accordingly.Oh, PS the staff is very nice and helpful. PLUS, despite Panne Bianco's often local-grown offerings and quirkiness, the staff isn't so "Indie" or self involved that I want to throw up.  I never feel like I don't belong there, and I don't imagine anyone ever does.
3	I am not on the Chris Bianco bandwagon. I think his pizza is ok, but not nearly worth an hour wait, let alone the 3 to 4 hour actual wait. But one thing that MF can make better than anyone else is fresh mozzarella. I love mozzarella.So, without the wait, I can head to Pane Bianco and get a mozzarella sandwich with fresh basil and tomatoes on Bianco's fresh baked bread (it all sounds very fresh).Don't ask me about any other sandwich because I don't know. Nor do I care. Fresh mozzarella. Some people talk about the goat cheese sandwich. Who cares? Fresh mozzarella!Most people think of pizza when they hear Chris Bianco. All I can think of is fresh mozzarella.
4	I protested going to this place.  The thought of a restaurant with only three sandwich choices and no substitutions; to a picky eater this is a recipe for disaster.   However, when a colleague offered to take me there for my birthday I decided to give it a try and all I have to say is WOW!I had the tomato mozzarella sandwich and until that exact moment I did not like mozzarella cheese.  The combination of ripe tomatoes, cheese and basil was like heaven in my mouth.  The bread was a perfect combination of crisp but not hard to bit into.  I also loved the different drink options besides soda. It loses a star for seating issues, the place was packed and seating is at picnic tables outside only.  We had to wait for a place to squeeze in between two parties on a picnic table.  I guess that's the price you pay for reasonably priced, fresh, delicious food.  Next time, I'll take it back to my office.
4	I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was great and so was the food. The seating was family style outside at picnic tables (only in Phoenix). You order your food, get it in a brown paper bag, and head outside to enjoy the balmy Phoenix winter. The bread is made in-house in a flat brick wood-burning oven. I had the homemade mozzarella, basil, and local tomato sandwich on flat bread. That was some of the smoothest, most flavorful mozzarella I've ever had. Thanks to the yelp reviews, I knew that was what I was getting as soon as I walked in. Also check out the cold case for locally made treats. I had some vanilla bean rice pudding that rocked my world. Hit up Lux next door for some really tasty espresso after the sammy and you've got yourself one hell of a good lunch.
5	I finally went to Lux when Pane Bianco was serving lunch (usually I'm there too early), and it has opened up a whole new avenue for me to whittle away at my checking account. You'd think it would get boring after awhile with only 3 menu items, but no, I can still find something to plunk down $10 for, dangling participles be darned.And I'm a sucker for any kind of artisan home-made pickle product, such as their 32-oz jar of specialty pickles for the low, low price of $12. Yes, I paid twelve dollars for pickles. Don't tell my husband. They are fabulous, as promised by the girl behind the counter.So far I've had the sopressata and the mozzarella, and both were delightful. The staff is very friendly and efficient. I love that they have art on the walls going down into the back area...as if they not only want the customers to enjoy their few moments there but also care about providing a culturally present environment for the employees.
3	I was not excited to dine here. I was soured on anything that Chris Bianco could come up with after the absolute pain in the ass it was to eat at Pizzeria Bianco. However, aside from the pain in the ass parking, them not taking reservations, being herded into his cramped almost non-air conditioned bar for overpriced drinks for hours, then being made to sit at the bar instead of a table; the food was very good. NOT worth the hassle, NOT worth the time, NOT worth the money. The man does know how to cook though. The grilled vegetable platter and pizzas are amazing.However, this is not about his pizza joint. This is about his sandwich joint. Pane Bianco is in a tiny building attached to a trendy coffee shop (shocker) and needless to say the parking situation is horrible (another shocker). The menu is very limited with only 4 sandwiches and 2 salads. And don't even think about ordering a regular water or soda because there is none to be found. You will be stuck with a bottle of designer water and the same for the soda. Anyway, after receiving our meals we opted out of sitting at one of their many community picnic tables due to overcrowding and ate in the car. There is of course no seating in the actual restaurant and the coffee house next door was filled as well. But in his defense it does say "take out only" on the website.Our party of 3 each ordered one of their sandwiches. The market (I forget the name), Mozzarella, and Soppressata. They were all excellent and very tasty. The bread he uses is fresh, hand-made and some of the best I've had. Everything was about $30 so it was a bit pricey for 3 sandwiches and a water, but I guess that is the price you pay to have one of Chris Bianco's creations.I can honestly say that the food was top notch, but the only way I will eat food from one of Chris Bianco's restaurants again is if somebody went and got it for me.
3	As any normal person would when trying a place that has 4.5 stars based on 70 reviews (and that just *happens* to be related to the notorious Pizzeria Bianco, where people wait hours upon hours for pizza), I had very high expectations for Pane Bianco. I expected to bite into my sandwich and be wowed. While I really enjoyed the mozzarella and soppressata sandwiches we split and certainly found them both more enjoyable than many sandwiches I have had in the Phoenix area, I just don't think this place is deserving of the Salvation Army of fans that seems to be willing to fight a holy war for that mozzarella sandwich. In my eyes, what makes Pane Bianco's sandwiches good (and still worthy of 3 stars) is the fact that they are simple. Unlike some yuppy establishments where Arcadia ladies "lunch" (think Wildflower, Acacia Cafe or Chelsea's Kitchen), Pane Bianco (and by the transitive property, Chris Bianco) clearly has the European sensibility of "less is more." A sandwich doesn't need to be piled high with garlic aioli, carmelized onions, and herb goat cheese to be good. If the ingredients are high enough quality, the bread and a few fillings should be able to stand alone and make for a great sandwich. I guess that's where my problem with Pane Bianco comes in. The individual ingredients of the sandwiches just weren't that great. Certainly, the mozzarella is good but I have had better mozzarella from nice local grocery stores and of course, at countless Italian places. I also agree with Kristin S that the soppressata was overly salty, which obscured the flavor. Finally, I didn't think the bread was as delicious as I had pictured it would be many times before actually coming. It certainly tasted fresh but I thought it could have a bit more flavor complexity (as it was, it tasted very white-bread and didn't have the slightly sour kick that housmade bread often does. I've got to be honest that after trying Pane Bianco, I am convinced that I would be a bit disappointed if I waited in line to eat at PIzzeria Bianco. While I can definitely appreciate a simple but delicious Pizza Margherita in a world where buffalo chicken pizza is somehow an appealing dish, the individual pizza ingredients would have to be better than the ones at Pane Bianco for me to truly feel like the wait was worth it.
4	On the whole, Pane Bianco was worth the trip. I highly recommend that you get there via the brand-spanking-new Phoenix Light Rail (Campbell & Central Ave stop)!Amazing fresh bread from a glorious oven.I arrived just before 2PM and they had just changed the market sandwich ($10- yikes!) I chose the no-mayo tuna. Good tasting and moist, but not great. For an $8 sandwich, I'd have liked a bit more tuna. The picnic table seating outdoors next to the street and the railroad tracks - really not so great in the middle of a warm afternoon. After savoring my lunch, I did go to Lux and was extremely happy to cool down with an iced espresso. The ice and the caffeine picked me up I before heading back to a conference in downtown Phoenix.
4	Finally got around to checking out this place for lunch time on my day off - they close early so I rarely get to make it to these hip sandwich spots..Despite the tiny menu of items, my friend and I managed to find two sandwhiches that sounded delicious.  Not sure what to expect for $8, I ordered the tuna and she got the tomato and mozzarella. we also picked up the tea/lemonade which brought us up to a little over $11 each. normally my cheap ass does not spend more than $5 for lunch (subway, anyone?) so my expectations were high from the second my card was swiped.the sandwiches were made quickly and came packed up to go in a very cute bag. we grabbed a table outside and dug in. the bread that they oven bake is delicious and the sandwich was surprisingly big and filling. the tuna was made without mayo (which i prefer) and the tomato/mozzarella was fresh, juicy, and delicious.  the tea was refreshing and tart, just how i like it.for $8, I'd expect at least a bag of kettle chips to go on the side, or something. i find it weird to eat a sandwich without a side, especially without some salt and vinegar chips. this place probably gets quite crowded during the break of lunch, but we went it wasn't too bad at 1:30pm. more seating would be nice, and hopefully they get some misters going for summer lunch patrons cuz you're right in the sun.
5	Since a friend of mine took me there a couple weeks ago, I've gone back 4 times. The atmosphere is unique, with outdoor picnic-style seating. I didn't have difficulty in finding a place to sit down during their crowded lunch time (11-3), and everyone is cordial enough.I agree with everyone here about the Mozzarella/tomato/basil sandwich being the best. As a meat lover, I also like their Soppressata sandwich (with aged provolone and roasted peppers).And there's Lux cafe right next door. Top notch sandwich place!
5	I love this place! I love that it's to-go only (no 3 hour waits, like Pizzaria Bianco), and the mozzarella is mouth watering. Please try the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich. You won't regret it!
5	This place keeps it simple.  Only a few things on the menu, but it's all delicious!  Right next to lux, so you can get an iced chai with your tomato/mozzarella sandwich.  Yum!!!
4	The sandwiches were amazing.  My friend and I ordered the soppressata and the tomato, basil, mozzarella to share.  The sandwiches were so fresh.  The ingredients tasted crispy and complimented very well.  I understand the limited menu is so that they can focus on producing less at greater quality but I am so curious to see what else they could put together.  And I kinda wish there was a little more shade outside in the eating area.  It happened to be a hot day amd my cream soda got warm fast and eating a hot sandwich in the sun isn't so easy.
5	To be honest, I came here with low expectations. I really just wanted to try it just to say that I had. For some reason, I associated this place with Lux, of which I'm not a huge fan but I think it's a great place to hang out at.Anyway, I dropped in and some girls sporting the Tina Fey chic took my order of the soppressata. After a few minutes, I got my meal and went outside to eat it on the patio. Then the scales fell from my eyes. Could it of have possibly been? Was I really eating the best sandwich I've had states side? Hands down, this was the best tasting sandwich I've had outside of France. The bread itself was pretty good, but the mozzarella and basil were amazing. As I was putting all the pieces back together in my mind as I was chewing, my mind's soundtrack began to play a Minnie Ripperton track. It was official. I was going to marry a sandwich when I grow up even if it meant I had to convert to please its family.Seriously though, every sandwich place that I go to now will have to live up to this place. The interior is cool, but it's more of a place just to pick up your food and eat it to-go or outside. The taste alone is what makes this place. My only wish now is that my sandwich bride would have better hours.
3	I had the mozzarella tomato basil salad because my stomach had been feeling iffy the last day or so. I had a friend from out of town staying on Central that wanted to do lunch, so I brought him here. It was pretty crowded for 1pm on a Friday (or so I thought, but it seems to be the norm here). I guess I had high expectations. It's not that the salad was bad. It was quite good, but I guess it just didn't live up to the hype. Not many things do. Everything came cutely packaged with plastic silverware, and candy wrapped crusty bread. And this is where the meal gets into trouble. That bread is the HARDEST freaking bread ever. My friend the dentist says he thinks he cut his hard palate eating his sandwich because it was so hard. I know and like my crusty breads, but there's a line. When they're so hard that the shards of bread start to cut up your mouth, its not good. I like the idea and the feel of this place, but the reality isn't what I wanted it to be.
3	Another new restaurant for me....met a friend here and got the soprassata (not sure I spelled that correctly), oh and a Mountain Spring Water in a green glass bottle.  Cute little place and I like going to non-chain businesses so already a star. But I don't think I could go during our "winter" when there's no place inside to sit.  When I went it was sunny as usual but the chilly wind made the experience a little less desirable.The sandwich - it was good, liked the crusty but chewy bread and it wasn't too thick or hard. The ingredients were also tasty - simple but tasty - my kind of sandwich.  The sandwiches came out super quick which was nice during lunch time.  Although I liked the place and would probably go back sometime, I doubt it's at the top of my "to go" places. Little on the pricey and shi-shi side. I wanted a water - expecting bottled water of course  - but when I got asked "spring or still?"  and I was thrown off.  I just want a friggin water. Then it comes in a totally foreign container....I'm a simple girl and just want simple water.
5	small.  simple. fresh.  limited.  perfect.not your average joes.  just watch out for the scene.
4	I visited this restaurant because of the reputation of it's parent restaurant, Pizzeria Bianco. The Sandwich I had was excellent, mostly because of the fresh bread they used but also the high quality cheese. They lose one star only because of the limited menu, particularly for vegetarians.
3	It gets three stars for being next to Lux (white and black chocolate mocha, mmm).  What a JOKE the hype is, seriously, 5 stars?????????????  Anything impresses you people- "Oh, it's better than sandwiches in France" and "it's so European."  Well, I hate sandwiches in France!  Ok, not all sandwiches, in fact I love getting a ham and cheese baguette from Gare Du Nord before the train.  Anyway, Pane Bianco is fine, but it's not great.  I would only go back on my way to Lux.  I also love the bench style seating outside, it makes for great conversation with total strangers.  I would not go back for a sandwich.  They are boring.  I like lots of crap on my sandwich!  I like an American style sandwich, baby.  If I'm in the mood to eat a Euro wannabe sandwich, I'll definitely think Pane Bianco.  Who knows, the more I talk about it, the more I want it.  I have multiple personality disorder.  I will say, that it may have just been the sandwich I tried, the tuna.  The ingredients were fresh and tasted fine, but it just didn't do it for me.  I will probably try the mozzarella and tomato if there is a next time, because that one looked delicious.  I just thought the tuna was nothing to rave about.  Aside from the big let down, it is very charming.  See what happens when people make too big a deal over something!  Sorry, but it wasn't as legendary as everyone made it out to be.  Who needs to be with hype like this?
5	This place serves the best sandwiches I have ever eaten.  Really.  No place f'ing compares to it in the San Francisco Bay Area (not even my current fave, Sentinel).As soon as we stepped off our flight, we programmed our GPS to get us over here to start our Chris Bianco day: sandwiches at Pane Bianco for lunch and pizza at Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  The shop is a tiny little spot on a pretty desolate strip, but the throng of people eating their sandwiches at the (generously shaded) outdoor tables were a clear indication that we had found our spot.We ordered the fresh mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich and the market special (slow roasted lamb) sandwich to share.  The sandwiches are served on thin foccacia rounds fresh from the wood-burning oven -- light and crunchy on the outside without being greasy or spongy (ick!) like the foccacia we've sampled at lesser places.  At the same time, the foccacia at Bianco has enough heft to keep from getting soggy if you save the sandwiches for later.  The lamb sandwich was phenomenal - tender, well-seasoned, fork-tender shredded meat with just the right amount of greens.   The mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich was delicious as well.  The sandwiches were so good that we stopped back here on our last day in Phoenix to get some take-out for our plane ride home.  This time, we opted for the soppressata sandwich with aged provolone and roasted peppers and the market (goat cheese and arugula) sandwich.  Wow.  Totally yummy and they held up really well when we ate them 3 hours later on the plane.  Man, were our neighbors jealous when we unwrapped our sammiches!
5	The best sandwich I've ever had.  Now, you shouldn't come here expecting a burst of assorted flavors upon every bite.  Instead, expect the natural, delicate, and fresh flavors gently serenade your palate.  The focus here is a few simple, incredibly fresh ingredients that compliments each other completely.  While many say that pizzeria bianco (the other place by the owner) is overrated, no such statement can be made here.I am unaware of any other sandwich place in town that puts as much effort into finding such incredibly fresh ingredients. This is a place that demonstrates the Alice Waters mentality, that a dish is only as good as the ingredients.  And here it is amazing.
4	Based on a strong recommendation, Pane Bianco was one of the few spots I hit on a quick Arizona trip.    Great little spot for simple sandwiches and a nice, fulfilling lunch which won't leave you feeling like junk afterwards.  The fresh mozzarella is spot on what it should have tasted like, fresh, clean, and delicious.   Not even a huge fan of basil or tomatoes, but you could tell they were very fresh and the entire thing just worked.  The huge wood-fired oven was pushing out hot bread like no one's business, and the entire experience was really great.  What a lunch place should be.    Plus, a nice little caramel in the bag to finish your meal.   Would have liked to see some small pizza options on the menu, but then again, if you want pizza, there's always his other little restaurant..
5	This has to be the coolest place in AZ. Seriously. As an AZ native, who now resides in LA and has scoured the globe for food, I was shocked to stumble upon this place in Phoenix. Amazing fresh quality foods in an uber-hip environment.
5	I NEED to go here at least once a month, because their damned Tuna Sandwich gets stuck in my head and nothin' else will do... It's incredible.
5	These sandwiches are so good, I would be willing to sit outside on those 115-degree days Phoenix supposedly gets, if that was the only way I could enjoy them. Combine it with Cowboy Ciao in Scottsdale and Cafe Elote in Sedona, and we pretty much had the perfect AZ food trifecta.Bonus points for meeting Chris Bianco behind the counter. Yeah, I guess this place is named after him.
4	It's all about the bread. With bread this mind-blowingly delicious, who cares what's in between?! I've only had the mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich...I keep going back to it because I love it so much...but I'm sure the others are as terrific because of the amazing bread. Nowhere to sit indoors, so grab it to go when the weather's hot, or enjoy the outdoor patio when it's cool. Having Lux next door for gourmet coffee, pastries, and more is a big plus.
5	Pane Bianco is no secret and I stop here often. I know I have tried other sandwiches over the years, but I crave his tuna. The freshly made bread is fabulous. And on a perfect day, I'll bring the dog(s), catch up with a friend over lunch, watch the time stretch out with coffee and dessert from Lux. Back in the day, we'd also stop in the boutique, pick up some locally made jewelry (or a dress one time). Every time, I promise myself to save half a sandwich to take home. Sometimes I even wrap it up. But I always eat it before I leave.Does Chris really remember me from twenty-odd years ago, stalking him to each new place, or is he just being nice?
5	why did i wait so long to try pane bianco?! i opted for the mozzarella tomato basil sandwich. bread is yummy and rustic - crusty on the outside, soft on the inside - absolute perfection. the house-made mozzarella was some of the best i've ever had. local tomatoes were perfectly ripe and plentiful. the basil was fragrant and flavorful - a real treat. i don't know what else to say except it was amazing. oh and that the yummy, nutty, caramel-y surprise in the bottom of my bag was delish. i'm hooked.
2	So let me tell you, my favorite food is sandwiches, and I have eaten a TON of them.  This place just didn't do it for me.I went there after I'd heard a few of my customers raving about it, so I thought Id try it out.1.  No parking2.  Waited in a long line3. Asked for a recommendation from the cashier since I'd never been there and she just said I should "pick something"4. Waited 15 minutes in a crowded room with weird people.5.  Took my sandwich outside and sat at a table, first bite was dryer than sandpaper.  (The bacon was good though)6.  After 2 bites my sandwich was instantly cold making the bread as thick as a sweater.  7.  Threw half of it away and was pissed because i paid so much.8.  Two stars for the good chocolate bar.
4	I am always thrilled to discover quality and unique non-chain eateries in the phoenix area.  The artisan bread the sandwich was assembled on was delicious.  I ordered the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich.  You could taste the quality mozzarella but i found the ingredients would have popped more and melted better together if it was seasoned with salt and pepper.The menu is minimal.  4 or 5 sandwich options with one being the market sandwich that changes daily.  They also offer 3 salads.The brand of ginger ale they offered was pleasantly delicious.  It is not as sweet or artificial tasting as CanadaDry but also not as bitter and sharp as other brands.The workers there were friendly and the wait was minimal.  It is a destination restaurant.  There is not much around there.  Good size parking lot.  There is no seating in the restaurant but there are benches outside.
4	Mmmmm- bread, mmmmmm. To me, the bread makes a great sandwich, and pane bianco comes through, absolutely!The sandwiches are always fresh and I always dig the surprise of what the special is going to be each time I walk in. They are usually traditionally European in style, and hit the spot. Regardless, the stable sandwiches are fantastic, especially if you like fresh basil. It just pops in your mouth. Awesome!If you're up for a nice picnic, get a sandwich, head over to Indian Steele park and chow down. Don't forget to look for the chocolate in the bottom of the sack!
5	I love Pane Bianco. Their Mozzarella tomato sandwich is simply delicious. Their bread taste so good which makes the sandwich well worth it.  I've been here several times and not one time have I been even remotely disappointed.
1	Pane Bianco:  Stuck in a Rut.I've had all the sandwiches about 50 times each.Dump the Sopprasata please - time for a change.Bring back more of the Meatballs / Sausage and other bitchin Markets.
4	So during my trip to Phoenix my friend took me to Pizzeria Bianco, so she thought it appropriate to take me to Pane Bianco the following day for lunch.  Although I was in grave danger of carb and dairy overload, I agreed.  Pane Bianco did not disappoint.  I got the Soppresata, and the bread was A-MAY-ZINNNNNG.  Perfect ratio of meat, cheese, and red pepper inside.  The sandwich is gargantuan - it could easily feed two people.  Which is of course why I finished the whole thing myself.  I was hurtin' for many hours afterward, but I have a problem with this thing called portion control...*shrugs*.  Bottom line: delicioso - oh, yeah, and no wait like it's Pizzeria sister!
5	My first time here. Had the market sandwich, whatever I ate was outstanding, had amazing bacon, a perfect tomato and incredible bread. Not inexpensive, but worth it. I will be back.
2	After hearing good things about Pane Bianco I was excited to try it, and actually had to jump through a few hoops to do it.  First try, it was closed (hours are 11-3?!) so for the second time I again dragged my reluctant dining partner who hates change to Pane Bianco for what I assured him would be a sandwich he would love.  But I was let down and ultimately embarrassed, because the food just didn't taste good.  Staff was helpful describing the various items on the menu, and we settled on the soprasetta and also a lamb sandwich.  We were very diappointed that the only drinks they offer that don't contain sugar are water and sparkling water.  C'mon.  Both sandwiches looked gorgeous, and you could tell Pane Bianco works hard to use very good ingredients.  However, the flavors were off for both sandwiches.  The greens on my market sandwich with lamb, I believe arugula, were a bad contrast with the flavors of the lamb.  The meat used in the soprasetta had a flavor neither of us liked.  I can see how many would love Pane Bianco, but unfortunately it's not for my taste.
3	Pros: walking distance from work, delicious bread, cool and hip carrying case, chocolate.Cons: 9 dollars for a sandwich, can't stop in there when I wear sweats to work for fear that the CenPho hipster crowd will gag. Just kidding. But it is one of those places where you feel like you're supposed to wear your invisible elite badge. I guess that comes in the form of the nine dollar swipe of your credit card for your sandwich.Better than Subway - but save this place for when you're trying to impress out of town guests who think that all Phoenix does is try to copy LA, New York, and SF. I think this place will prove their point.
4	I had a delightfully salty sandwich. Although the wait was longer than acceptable---over half an hour---it was about worth it. I probably won't return unless gifted with free time, but it was a nice one shot.
5	OK, I understand some of the complaints voiced by some of the previous reviews--- limited menu, crowded at lunch, very limited hours, closed Monday, sometimes a long wait, $8.00 sandwich...BUT-- I could eat a Pane Bianco tomato/mozzarella sandwich EVERY DAY and be supremely happy.  Why?  Let me tell you~!- that homemade bread!- fresh out of the oven, crisp and fresh-freshly made mozzarella, so delish-basil out of Chris Bianco's gardens-fresh real tomatoesThe combination of flavors make it worth every bit of my $8.00 plus tax.I occasionally will split with a friend the soprasetta and the tomato-mozz.  Ask for the soprasetta with basil leaves- they will gladly oblige.Here's a hint-- order your sandwich in advance-- call it in.  You can just run in and grab it.  The employees do get to know you- when I call a couple of them know who I am by voice, know my order and name.  I only call 1-2 times a month, so I'd say they are pretty good.I wish they carried freshly brewed iced tea.My  pattern is to grab my sandwich, lead over to Lux for my iced tea, and sit by myself to savor the perfect sandwich.  This restorative ritual can smooth out a crummy day.
5	Pane Bianco is to sandwiches what Pizza Bianco is to pizzas, namely heaven on earth. Both share Chris Bianco's dedication to using only the freshest, locally-sourced ingredients.  Pane Bianco features home-made bread baked in on-site wood ovens, hand made mozzarella, basil and greens out of Chris's own garden, and high quality meats from locally owned Schneider sausage. You can't get more local, or better quality than this. Pane Bianco has the added benefit of being a sandwich counter, which means you don't have to wait hours for a taste of deliciousness.  Although as others have mentioned at the lunch peak you may have to wait a few minutes; after all quality can't be rushed.  Take the opportunity to grab a coffee next door, or better yet, get to know your fellow sandwich fanatics--this is how community is built.  If you are looking for an infinite selection of sub-par ingredients, or care more about price than quality, there are several other sandwich shops for you. so please don't bother coming here. And if the idea of ordering along side individuals who don't look like suburban clones scare you, this likely isn't your place either.  Check out one of the approximately 1,912 other sandwich shops in strip-malls throughout the Valley that cater to your tastes.  But if the freshest,and highest quality ingredients, knowledgeable service and authentic surroundings are are important to you, Pane Bianco is your type of place.And if you do value quality over quantity, and authenticity over generica, but still feel that $8 bucks is a little steep for you in the current economic climate, share with a friend. The portions are generous enough to share and still feel satisfied. (although be sure to snap the chocolate treat for yourself!)
3	I waited until after 3 visits to write this because I was hoping I was missing something that everyone raves about.  This place is decent but the draw is the the atmosphere and change of scene.  There are very few selections and while the sandwiches are OK the prices are not justified even for it's great location.  I like the 'outdoor cafeteria's style seating and I like that it is different in a grown up way but make sure you go for a change of pace with other eclectic people, not for a satisfying meal.
3	I had the Soppressata with Aged Provolone & Roasted Peppers.  It was a solid sandwich overall.  The quality of ingredients was pretty good, but the only part that gets me is the price. $8 + tax?  Wow all that "supply and demand" stuff I learned in Econ class wasn't a joke.  Worth trying once, but I don't think this is a place I'll be grabbing lunch at on a regular basis.
5	Fresh mozzerrella, perfectly ripe tomatoes, fine Italian meats, Cerreta candies, ginger sodas, and so many other things make Pane Bianco wonderful.  I also love the ever changing Italian treats that are available for purchase.
5	I know that I love to write about resturants that I love. I love them, because I'm a regular and continue to go back to them. Basically, I'm a sucker for great food. I don't have the patience to wait for pizza at Pizzeria Bianco. I've been twice, and it was great, but the 4 hour wait was a bit much. And the pizza is fantastic...and worth it. But I don't have the time. I love the baked focaccia. I try and get to Pane early, as it goes quick! My favorite is their tuna. I found out that Chris Bianco purchases his tuna from a vendor that frequents the Phoenix Farmer's markets. But the vendor said that despite his supply, even he couldn't get his hands on the recipe for the fabulous Bianco tuna mixture that he prepares for his sandwiches and salads.Enjoy!
4	This place is very simple, take-out only, three kinds of regular sandwiches with another special market sandwich, several kinds of salads, a few types of Italian soda or alike, that's all! It's that simple and quick, yet always packed. My favorite is the mozzarella, tomato and basil sandwich. Freshly baked bread from the on-site brick oven with the home made mozzarella, fresh local tomato and basil, it's that simple and delicious!!! Trust me, $8 for a big and high-quality sandwich, you'll be very satisfied!Only drawback is that it only opens for lunch, 11am-3pm, and only Tuesday - Saturday. Maybe that's why people keep going back!
4	After six months of living only a block away from Pane, I was so excited to finally enjoy one of their lunchtime sandwiches! Like many other people, I had the Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil sandwich and was not disappointed. They didn't skimp on any of the ingredients, and I was especially pleased with the light salt-and-pepper seasoning on the tomatoes. Yum!The service was very friendly and my date and I luckily ordered before the 15 people behind us did, so we only waited 10-15 minutes for our meal. The only thing I didn't like was paying for the bottle of water. I just wanted a cup of tap, I didn't need a bottle of Italian spring water or whatever it was. It won't stop me from going here again though - next time I'll just bring water from home.
4	Pros: Great Bread, great fresh mozzarella cheeseCons: Price, Lack of indoor seating, Lack of fountain drinksI come here for one thing and one thing only mozzarella cheese, the fire baked bread is a plus.  Every sandwich comes with very chewy caramel candy. For beverages one must choose from a small selection of designer drinks. You must eat outside on a wood pick nick table or take your meal to go as there is no indoor seating, which can be a bit of a problem when the summer is 100+ degrees. The line can also spill outside in to the heat too. They are lunch only  .The front of the store acts as a small niche marking with some very pricey natural options. If you want some of the best mozzarella cheese ever go here and try it in sandwich form with some fresh basil and nice red tomatoes. It is worth the trade offs.
5	I give this local neighborhood hot spot five stars. Owned by Pizzeria Bianco's Chris Bianco, this sandwich/panini joint bakes fresh bread daily made fresh to go, and although the menu is limited usually to three sandwiches and a foccacia bread, it's well worth it. The Market Sandwich which can change is always my favorite. From fresh mozzarella and tomato to superb meats, they can never go wrong. This is a great in and out spot and there is only outdoor seating next to Lux Coffee bar. They also offer salads, fresh baked bread, fig jam and chocolates. I highly recommend this hot spot!
3	I've heard so many good things about this place. It seemed like it may be a favorite Phoenix lunch joint for cuisine aficionados and it looks like it is for some, but was only a-ok to me.There was nothing gross or disgusting to me about the food. It was made with quality ingredients and had a decent taste...I guess I just felt that the food wasn't worth the price. Especially because I've had better tasting food for lesser or equal value at other places (such as La Grande Orange or La Boca).Overall, this place isn't bad. I just feel it's been hyped up and is the "trendy" place to eat.
4	If Pizzeria Bianco is so ballyhooed about that it has an almost mythic status... then Pane Bianco could almost be seen as the less famous step-child of the family. Here is an analogy for you... I hope you remember how these work from your high school days:Alec Baldwin is to Stephen Baldwin as Pizzeria Bianco is to ______?...how did you do? If you filled in the blank with "Pane Bianco", then congratulations... give yourself a pat on the back and 3 extra credit points. Just a hop, skip and a jump north of downtown Phoenix lies this little unassuming storefront. If you didn't know any better, you'd never guess that some of tastiest sandwiches in the valley are being cooked up inside. Similar to Pizzeria Bianco, there is a focus on fresh local ingredients and simplicity. Don't expect a dazzling and varied menu, but do expect a small selection of sandwiches which they really know how to cook well. I always love it when a place has a small menu of things that they do great, rather than an extensive menu of things they do just OK. Last time we went, we were able to get one of each sandwich on the menu (it's not as impressive as it sounds... they only have three sandwiches along with one rotating special). Each one had unique flavor and tasted really fresh.... our favorite might be the simplest one they have; the mozzarella/tomato/basil sandwich... yum yum. They have a way of always cooking the bread perfectly, so it has this slightly burnt crisp to it; it's almost like you're eating a sandwich made out of really good pizza crust.There's really not too much bad to say about this place, they serve great fresh sandwiches for a pretty reasonable price. If you do go though, there is occasionally a little bit of a wait... and it's strictly a 'to-go' place, so there's no indoor seating (there are picnic tables outside in the front). If you do have a little wait time to get your food, be sure to go next door to Lux where you can get a pretty good cup of coffee/tea and laugh at the sheer volume of trendy hipsters completely enamored in their MacBooks. 4.25/5.
4	Who cares what they put on it-that bread is amazing! It's fresh baked and chewy and delicious. The mozzarella sandwich is delicious too. Somehow the tomatoes are ripe and fresh year round. I love the little caramels they throw in with every order, as well. What I don't like is that it's a little pricey for what you get. I understand the complaints that there's nowhere to sit and very little beverage options, but it's set up to be a takeout place. It's a decent trade-off. I haven't ventured over to the pizza place yet, as I can't fathom any meal worth waiting over 3 hours for. The quality of this place, though, makes me believe that it's gotta be pretty tasty.
5	Fresh + Simple = DeliciousThis was my first outing to Pane Bianco. I have been to the pizzeria and it was great. So I have been trying to make my way to Pane Bianco for a few months. On a whim I decided to stop by for lunch. I totally forgot they are only open a few hours and made it in a few minutes after 2pm. Upon my arrival it was packed inside. However, the staff is very observant. They greeted me promptly and motioned for me to come place my order as so not to get caught up with the people that were waiting for their food. I place my order mozzarella, tomato and basil sandwich. The market sandwich of the day sounded really good, lamb and arugula. But it was already sold out. Ohh well maybe next time. As I waited for my food with my stomach beating a hole in my back I noticed how neat the place was. Also how organized the system was. I have to say I did wait about 30 mins for my food. But the smart folks called their orders in. If you know you are going there I would highly suggest doing this. It could be a time saver. Now I know. My name is finally called and I am happy as a pig in crap. I make my way over to one of the tables outside to partake in this wonderful creation. My sandwich looks like a perfect slice of heaven. The basil, oil and pepper tickle my nose as I get ready to take a bite. It is so great to anticipate something and for your expectations to be met. The bread was crusty, the basil so very fresh, the tomato just right and the CHEESE. OMG this is the best mozzarella cheese I have ever had. As I ate my sandwich and drinking their version of Sprite, which by the way was one of the best sodas I ever had. I dropped a piece of my cheese on the table. What to do? Eat it or not. Ohh dilemmas...I did not eat it but I felt awful that this piece was lost to the gross factor.  But my spirits rose again when I saw I  had a little piece of chocolate waiting for me at the end of my meal. Whoa baby...now you really have made my day.After I ate at the pizzeria a few months ago. I refused to eat pizza anywhere else for quite some time. Every time I thought of pizza I remembered what I had at Bianco's. So I am guessing the same will happen with sandwiches. It is hard to go back to mediocre or even good after you have one of these sandwiches. Do yourself a favor, call in your order if you want something of the regular menu or you can relax and enjoy the ambiance, knowing that your slice of heaven is being prepared for you while you wait.
5	I've never had a bad meal at Pane after four years... maybe five. From the moment I set foot inside, it took me back to a hip, LA kinda vibe. Small, not a lot of menu choices, fresh, organic food selections... and BUBBLE UP... the Malibu of pop, people. The food is simply done and quite delish. I usually alternate between the Sopressata and the Mozzarello/Tomato/Basil sandwiches, or go with the Caprese Salad. They make the bread onsite, the basil is grown locally as is most of the veggies. The crowds get pretty big after 11:30 a.m. and don't die down until around 1:45 p.m. They close at 3 p.m because Chris would head down to Pizzeria Bianco for a busy evening. Apparently he is taking a back seat due to some health concerns. I hope it doesn't affect the food quality but I'm sure his staff will continue his tradition of fresh, tasty and simple. ** Word of advice: Do not crave this place in August. They shut down for a month-long vacation!! Oh, dread!
5	AMAZING! thats it. simply put. ahhhhhh, I love this place. makes me do the happy dance. that is, if I had a happy dance.So, what to get. always the dilema. EVERYTHING is good. Although I did a stint as a vegetarian for a while, that is, till I got pregnant, and lived on the Mozarella tomato sandwich, I do have to say all the sandwiches are fabulous. He makes the mozarella in house. cant get fresher than that. it is so buttery and creamy and compliments the other ingredients on that nice crusty chewy bread so well.The tuna sandwich is the only tuna sandwich I will pay someone to make for me. Yes, it is that good. mmmmmm... and their market sandwiches are to die for. especially the lamb. oh and the mortadella. oh and lets not forget the pork. it doesnt matter. just give me one. hehe. and hopefully you are early enough to also get some of their tasty and oh so creamy rice pudding. best Ive ever tastedoh and while you wait for your sandwich, after you pay for it of course, go next door to Lux and get a tasty fresh squeezed lemonade. Yes, that will make anyones day better.I feel happier just thinking about that. Wish I didnt live so far away...
4	Love the sandwiches!  The bread is really what makes these things.  Grab an old school coca cola next door at the coffee shop (the kind made with real sugar cane).  Soppressata sandwich and coca-cola=killer lunch combo.
4	Very gourmet sandwhiches. You have to go here to see what the sandwhich of the day is. Excpect to pay about 10$+ for a sandwhich, but it will be good and different from what your normally used to. All fresh ingrediants are used and change from day to day. Its all outdoor seating or take it to go. Dont be surprised if there is a line out of the door. It gets a little crazy at lunch time so go early!
3	Not a bad sammy at all.  I had today's Market sandwich which was a lamb sandwich with a light italian dressing and lettuce.  The lamb was wonderful and strong in flavor.  The bread very flavorful, and chewy.  The lettuce which I think had a fancy name was to me, just lettuce, and I'm sure it wasn't italian dressing, but thats what it looked and tasted like.  What I like though is a very simple ingredient list, and simple prep, but with perfect execution, make for a wonderful lunch.  I still have a favorite in Seattle, which is Armandino's Salumi, whom used to be run by Mario Batali's father, now daughter.  The meats there are to die for.
5	Believe the hype.  The first time I ever made it in to this place, the same Calexico song playing in my truck was playing on their stereo as well, so they immediately scored some brownie points.  My favorite here is the tomato and mozzarella sandwich, and I generally believe that nothing can be good without meat.  This sangwich disproves that theory, admittedly weak and simple-minded to begin with, but still... amazing, amazing place, especially when the weather's good and you can sit outside.  The staff are usually rude, but fuck it - another case of holier-than-thou hipster a**holes saved by 6-star food.  The owner seems like a good enough dude.
5	It's a good thing I don't work in Central Phoenix - I would stop by Pane Bianco WAY too often. This tiny sandwich shop is like nothing I've experienced before in Phoenix. They specialize in a very limited menu of artisanal sandwiches, served on house-made bread, as well as a few salads. I've had all of the sandwiches and have narrowed the top two down to the soppressata and the tuna.  The soppressata is like an Italian sandwich on gourmet steroids. The roasted red peppers bring out the rich flavors of the Italian meats and provide the perfect acidic balance to the fattier density of the meats and cheese. A perfect foil to the soppressata, the tuna is light and delicate with a strong lemon flavor - this isn't you mom's canned tuna and Miracle Whip on white bread. The tuna, made with red onion, lemon and olives, is topped with wild arugula, which provides a bitter bite and counters the fishiness. My suggestion - go with a friend and order one of each. The sandwiches are large, and I love to order one tuna and one soppressata and split half-and-half. I've heard nothing but great reviews for the salads, too, but I confess that I'm never in the mood the healthy salad alternative when I can smell freshly baked bread and know that a fabulous Pane Bianco sandwich creation is in my immediate future.
5	Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil sandwiches = crack sandwiches!!  I work near PB and go often.  If you are looking for a huge menu with a large seating area, don't be surprised to find a few items and the Market Fresh Sandwich of the day on the menu and outdoor seating.  That's what makes this place so great, the food is fab and there's nothing else like this place in Phoenix....or perhaps the whole world!
4	If I had three words to describe my meal here it would be.....drum roll please......Simple......Is.......King!!!  I finally decided to check this place out (how can I call myself a foodie when this place has been a 2 minute drive from my house for a few years, and I've never been?) for lunch today. I ordered the Sopressata, Aged Provolone and Roasted Peppers. That was literally the entire sandwich, except of course the bread (which was more of an awesome baked pizza crust) What a killer sandwich!! I did shell out 9 bones for a sandwich with no side, but man this place is great. Most of the time, I'm a quality over quantity guy so no biggie. I dig the straight forward "we are open for fours hours a day, don't have any tables, there's 4 sammies and two salads on the menu,, what biatch" attitude they have. I guess when you do it right, you can do what ever  you want. Nanny nanny boo boo all you oversized glutounous sandwich shacks, PB is the bizniss!!!
2	I'm not really sue why this place gets great reviews.It is really sweet build out, and I would love to enjoy the atmosphere, but I can't sit down inside???  Chris is great and does a great job with his restaurants, but I can't understand what is going on here.  The sandwich I had was just so so. It's only saving grace is that it is next to Lux.  That place is the best.
3	Pane Bianco represents the gentrified hipsters paradise. This place just secretes the undeserved smug vibe. Besides the hipster crew, get ready to meet the world traveler who is yakking it up about his travels across the American Southwest and how he pities America right now... or the overwhelmed Scottsdale mom with the 2 bratty kids, but she's completely ignoring them. You certainly see a melody of personalities at Pane Bianco. While I certainly never judge a place by it's appearance or it's customer base (I love holes in the wall), there was just something about Pane Bianco that rubbed me the wrong way... and it got a little more interesting when I ordered my meal.I ordered the Tuna sandwich, which comes with red onion, Gaeta olives, lemon and arugula. This all comes on what I believe is ciabatta bread, but I'm not sure. I asked the lady behind the counter if I could sub out the olives for the roasted peppers. Her answer was simply "No".... In my mind my first thought was "okay, maybe a place like this doesn't do substitutions", which I understood. She told me that they won't put the peppers on the tuna because it wouldn't work with the sandwich. I was shocked... so I asked her nicely to please ask someone if they could do it. After waiting around for awhile, I went to pay for my meal. As my sandwich was being wrapped, she said yes they could do it, but for some large fee (I believe 2.50 or 3 dollars, remind you this is an 8 dollar sandwich). By this time I was pretty worn out of the whole experience of Pane Bianco that I just said no thanks and went to eat my sandwich. Thanks, but a little too late.Granted the sandwich was pretty good, and the tuna was very fresh. I just couldn't believe that someone would tell me that I couldn't get something on the menu put on my sandwich... for the reason that she didn't believe they went together. I spent much of my childhood in South Philadelphia living on homestyle Italian... and tuna and peppers definitely do go together...In summary, I will try Pane Bianco again, and will most likely update my review based off of the service I receive. The sandwich was very good, and is the main reason I will go back. Hopefully I have a different experience.
4	The scene of my favorite springtime lunch activity.  What is it?  Getting a mozzarella sandwich and than heading over to Steele Indian School park and heckling the urban fisherman as they struggle in vain to bring in their catch of garbage fish.The sandwich is magical in its simplicity.  The rest of the sandwich world should take note.
5	The sandwiches are great but the focaccia bread is a masterpiece.
4	I stopped in here for lunch on the way to a Dbacks day game.  As mentioned by others, the tomato, mozz and basil sandwich is awesome.  I sat outside at one of the picnic tables and enjoyed every bite.
4	I forgot to review my birthday lunch......damn it anyways! I wanted to try some of Mr. Biancos offerings but did not want to wait 3 hours for pizza so we decided to come here.I figured it would be my only trip here in quite some time so I decided to get 2 sandwiches.  I got the tomato, basil and mozarella.  And I also got the sopresetta and provlone with roasted peppers. The sopresetta was one of the top 5 sandwiches I have ever had.  It was absolutely perfect.  Not a whole lot of meat, but the flavor was super delicious!  The roasted red peppers and sharp provolone blended well and it was on some amazing bread.  Basically pizza crust.  SO GOOD!The tomato sandwich was meh.  Im not the biggest fan of tomatos to begin with and when I tried I bite I knew why ;-).  I picked them out and basically ate a mozarella sandwich.  This one got a little soggy too. About 8 bucks each which was ok by me.  The candy they give you in the bag is a super small caramel.  It was good, but nothing to rave about.  One bite and it was dust.  If I ever come back to Phoenix I will definitley stop by and get a sopresetta sandwich.  It was amazing!
5	I love love love this place! The tmb sandwich is the best around. Everything from the bread, to the cheese to the veggies are fresh and flavorful. A definite must try if you're downtown. But don't expect there to be much seating though. It's pretty much a to go kinda place. There's a few benches outside, but it's pretty much take and go. So just a little heads up. They even have a few salads there, the caprese is the best. Try it, it's good and a definite repeat kind of place.
5	LOVE the mozzarella, tomato & basil sandwich!!! They use local vegetables and make the mozzarella and wood-fired focaccia at the location. Simplicity at it's best!Definitely a local favorite!
5	I am bumping this up to 5 stars.  My buddy and I came here 2 days in a row for lunch.  I got the sopresetta sandwich each time and I found a new appreciation for it.  It is so darn simple, yet so damn tasty.  The mix of the slightly greasy/salty meat, combined with the flavor of the roasted red peppers and sharp....almost hard.....provolone cheese, stuffed in between that delicious bread they use=in my top 5 favorite sandwiches EVER!
5	Pane Bianco is the place I go when I want a great, random sandwich.  A lot of people I take there their time are thrown off by the limited "standard" menu, but I think the stand-by's are great, and the idea of trying a new sandwich/flavor-profile imagined by the chef is fantastic.  Price:  Not badService: GoodAtmosphere:  GreatFood:  GreatWhile slightly more costly than I'd pay for a typical sandwich lunch, it's worth the cost.  If the place wasn't situated just far enough north of Downtown to make it a trip, I'm sure I'd go here at least 1-2x a week.
5	I wanted to hate this place.  There isn't that much parking.  It is packed with only a few big picnic tables to sit outside and eat.  It was to hot to eat outside, IMO which meant I had to take my sandwhich to go.  There were only 4 sandwiches and 3 salads to choose from.  One dessert they were sold out of.  The price was high- $8 for a sandwich with no sides.However, once I took my first bite of the tomatoe, basil, mozzarella sandwich I was in HEAVEN.  The perfect amount of each ingredient.  They have perfected the sandwich!!  I have been craving it ever since.  I will stop by for lunch EVERYTIME I am in the area.  I will bring everyone I know to eat here!  Seriously!
5	Hands down the best tomato, mozzarella sandwich I have ever had...even better than the real deal in Rome, Venice and Florence!
4	The Bianco "chain" has redeemed itself it my book with Pane Bianco. While trying on many separate occasions to catch this place open, today I finally made it. I decided on the Tuna sandwich and their Focaccia of the day. While the tuna sandwich was very tasty, with its rustic fresh bread and fresh arugula/micro greens and slightly tangy and sweet herbed tuna, I found that my piece of focaccia stole the show. This was the focaccia special, topped with cheese (sorry can't recall the specific type),  thin slices of lemon, rosemary, thin sliced red onion, garlic and olive oil, baked to perfection.  Oh my goodness!! The flavors made the half tuna sandwich pale by compairison.  As for the service I had my food without wating in line and was out in about 10 minutes or so.   I paid $8 for the sandwich and $3.50 for the focaccia.  (plus tax)There is no doubt I will be back here!!
3	If you're looking for a higher than average priced sandwich that comes with more arugula than tuna, come here. I'm guessing that the 8$ I paid for the sandwich is more for covering the hip little piece of chocolate, the napkin and the overall "look" of the restaurant than it is for the sandwich. Is this an 8$ sandwich? No. I'd say more of a 6.50 w/ tax. Some points:- Yes, the tuna is tasty. Is it AMAZING, or heaven, or any other word used before in the other reviews to signify that this HAS to be the GREATEST tuna ever? No. - Bread is really good. I'll give credit where it's due. - Way too much arugula on the sandwich. Seriously, I opened it up and had to go looking for the tuna. Don't think I didn't catch that the tuna is all in the middle so it looks like there is a lot but really there isn't. I'm sure that tons and tons of people love this place because it's slightly better than most places in Phoenix. That's the thing about beating the competition. You don't have to be mind-blowingly amazing. You just have to try 5% harder than the rest. This is 5% more of an effort, and it shows, but let's not pretend that Pane Bianco is the next greatest thing ever even if some of the other reviewers will have you believe it. I'll give it one more try and if I'm not satisfied with their mozzarella sandwich, I most likely will not go back. I didn't even finish the sandwich I just bought which makes me mad because I really was looking forward to it. Maybe I'm not a foodie or I don't appreciate subtle flavors or whatever, but I was not happy with this sandwich.+ 1 for the chocolate, -2 for the overabundance of arugula and not enough tuna, +1 for the bread, + 1 for the fast service.
5	The mozzarella tomato and basil sandwich is the BEST sandwich in Phoenix, hands down. If you haven't been to Pane Bianco you are truly missing out.
5	I love this place. Everyone I know raves about it, and every item I try is out of this world! I recommended it to a friend, unfortunately he doesn't understand the appeal of fresh authentic ingredients and the rustic charm of the place. He's missing out!
5	With a sandwich, you have to have great bread...Chris Bianco is a master breadmaker. The fresh basil, tomato and buffalo mozzarella sandwich is to die for (not to mention everything else)! Worth every bite!
4	In quintessential Bianco style, every ingredient is chosen for its quality and, as a result, you have a sandwich worthy of a love affair. I always stick with the tomato, mozzarella and basil - the basil is bright, crisp and fragrant; the mozzarella is the real deal firm and milky; and, the tomatoes are always bright and soft but not mushy. The bread? The bread is perfect. Absolutely. Perfect. And just the right bread to sandwich filling ratio. Beverage choices (especially low calorie caffeinated ones) are limited, but you can always run next door to Lux for an iced tea or coffee. Personally, I enjoy a sparkling mineral water to compliment my lunch here. In your lunch sack, you will find a sweet treat to finish your meal. Most recently, I had a dark chocolate cowboy boot. My favorite is when there is a French caramel. 4 stars instead of 5 because: the limited beverage selection and, mostly, because seating is limited and outdoor only. On a nice day, they are a solid 5 stars, but lunch hour after a night of rain that has left the the wood benches damp enough to transfer or in 115 degree summer heat, they drop to 4 stars.
4	I now know where the hipsters are in Phoenix. An easy ordering menu like In-N-Out, but with fresh rustic sandwiches.  Only four different sandwiches, four different salads, and a small variety of sodas in a bottle makes life easy to decide.    I liked the quick service, the banter between the staff and regulars, and bench seating.  I don't like that it's only open for lunch on the weekdays.Whatever they are doing though, they are doing it right, because I think about eating there a lot and their other restaurant Pizzeria Bianco.
3	I came on Friday and had the Sorpressata sandwich.  I loved watching the bread come out of the oven while I waited, but the sandwich was just okay.  Great bread, but the rest of the ingredients didn't knock my socks off. I'm not saying it isn't better than the deli at my office building, but probably not so much more so that I'll make the drive frequently.
4	I tried Pane Bianco last week and very glad I did  Yum!  My coworker and I went their for lunch and I had their mozzarella sandwich, then went next door and got a cup of dark roast from Lux.  I wish they had some indoor seating since it was rather chilly outside, but we did find a seat in Lux to eat.  Great food and great coffee at Lux.  Give them a try!
5	Goin here is always a treat, especially since the sweets for the end is always a surprise.  I love the mozzarella sandwhich and the people who work there are always so nice.  Can't wait for more choices from them...  more choices?
5	Yum, yum yum - I finally had a sandwich from here and my coworkers were jealous.  Which in all fairness I probably did on purpose.  I got the Market special and Friday a great day.  Bread is round and thin and charred, and I swear something had the perfect hint if saltiness.  I had turkey with slight chili sauce, fennel and squash puree with greens and provolone.I am pretty sure Monday I got find some at work I can bribe with I buy you fly, although I don't think I will have to bribe.I have been there once but was grabbing coffee and the place is chill, sit outside enjoy the day,  and price point dead on
5	Best sandwich in Phoenix, and possibly Arizona.When I go, I order two sandwiches.  One for now, one for later.  Half a sandwich is plenty, so it usually becomes a Pane Bianco-for-every-meal day, which is the way I like it.There are about five sandwiches on the menu, with one that changes periodically.  Some of the sandwiches are reminicient of Pizzaria Bianco's fare, which again, is grrreat.All of the breads are made on site in the wood fired oven, and all of the sandwices are served in paper sacks to-go, however there is some communal seating out front.  Pane Bianco shares a patio with Lux Coffee, so it is possible to have a very nice cup of coffee with the best sandwich of your life.Every sandwich on the menu is amazing.  Use your personal prejudices to guide you.  Go forth and experience this greatness.  It is an eay place to access.  Wait times are short, and quality is unsurpassed.
2	The look and taste of organic food without any of the philosophy behind it....and the bread is very difficult to sink your teeth into.I know...I know...I just berated your favorite sandwich shop. But really, this is your favorite place because either (1) your options are so limited in the area or (2) you require a feeling of prestige to eat.It's good to be organic. The ingredients taste delicious. I don't even mind paying $10 for a vegetarian sandwich that tastes good (albeit difficult to eat) and a water for lunch. But what bothers me is the mixed message that's more like false advertizing. First there is no place to sit inside at all. So chances are, you're getting this meal to-go (with all the packaging that entails). There's outdoor seating that is shared with Cafe Lux (fair trade cafe that's awesome but similarly expensive). Seating is not available at typical eating times and lines may be long.Second, you cannot order a beverage from the US, Mexico or anywhere that it might arrive in even a remotely sustainable way. All their drinks are from Italy. There's no option for fountain drinks or even local bottled water. If you ask for a drink that hasn't traveled 5,000 miles to be here, they point you to a water cooler  in the cafe next door.Third, the service sucks. There are plenty of people working there, almost tripping over each other politely trying to not infringe of anyone's  space  by trying to use the cash register.Fourth,  The decoration is designed to make you feel like it's sustainable from recycled organic materials. They even offer an organic tote bag for sale ($10).  This is their attempt to offer a solution for all the waste created by the perpetual to-go-ness. It's almost like they're laughing at you calling you an "idiot".  We can call this 'the bleeding heart tax'. If you forgot your recycled to-go bag at home, they can give you another one for the price of two meals.Fifth and finally, the bread is hard to eat. So you can't take a bite of your sandwich without it falling apart a bit. There are no silverware to save you from the embarrassment of using your hands. The wrapping is brown paper with very thick wax paper lining, so you can't use it to wrap around your sandwich to keep it together while you're trying to tear pieces of the bread off with your teeth.But they give you a sweet with every order....and if you decide to come back with your empty glass bottle from Italy, they will recycle it for you.  --And if you start coming here regularly you will look very hip when the people who work there remember your name, order and the fact that you do not require a boutique to-go bag.I'd eat from there again, if you pick up the order and return the empty Italian bottles for me.
2	I have to copy Stephanie B's review below.  It's worth reading again.   It needs to be posted again for the sake of those unknowing customers who think they're getting something good out of this.I don't know Stephanie B but what she said is dead on.  I couldn't agree more.  I think this place is overrated....and the bread is very hard to sink your teeth into.I ordered 3 sandwiches - the regular tomato/mozzarella/basil, the proscuitto/cheese and the tuna.  Out of all 3, all priced at $8 each, the tomato/mozzarella/basil was the best.  But for you, reader, don't even waste your $8.  Just go to another place for good eats.  Thank goodness I brought my own water in a stainless steel waterbottle.Stephanie B's review:"The look and taste of organic food without any of the philosophy behind it....and the bread is very difficult to sink your teeth into.I know...I know...I just berated your favorite sandwich shop. But really, this is your favorite place because either (1) your options are so limited in the area or (2) you require a feeling of prestige to eat.It's good to be organic. The ingredients taste delicious. I don't even mind paying $10 for a vegetarian sandwich that tastes good (albeit difficult to eat) and a water for lunch. But what bothers me is the mixed message that's more like false advertizing. First there is no place to sit inside at all. So chances are, you're getting this meal to-go (with all the packaging that entails). There's outdoor seating that is shared with Cafe Lux (fair trade cafe that's awesome but similarly expensive). Seating is not available at typical eating times and lines may be long.Second, you cannot order a beverage from the US, Mexico or anywhere that it might arrive in even a remotely sustainable way. All their drinks are from Italy. There's no option for fountain drinks or even local bottled water. If you ask for a drink that hasn't traveled 5,000 miles to be here, they point you to a water cooler  in the cafe next door.Third, the service sucks. There are plenty of people working there, almost tripping over each other politely trying to not infringe of anyone's  space  by trying to use the cash register.Fourth,  The decoration is designed to make you feel like it's sustainable from recycled organic materials. They even offer an organic tote bag for sale ($10).  This is their attempt to offer a solution for all the waste created by the perpetual to-go-ness. It's almost like they're laughing at you calling you an "idiot".  We can call this 'the bleeding heart tax'. If you forgot your recycled to-go bag at home, they can give you another one for the price of two meals.Fifth and finally, the bread is hard to eat. So you can't take a bite of your sandwich without it falling apart a bit. There are no silverware to save you from the embarrassment of using your hands. The wrapping is brown paper with very thick wax paper lining, so you can't use it to wrap around your sandwich to keep it together while you're trying to tear pieces of the bread off with your teeth.But they give you a sweet with every order....and if you decide to come back with your empty glass bottle from Italy, they will recycle it for you.  --And if you start coming here regularly you will look very hip when the people who work there remember your name, order and the fact that you do not require a boutique to-go bag.I'd eat from there again, if you pick up the order and return the empty Italian bottles for me."
5	I take everyone here - this place is amazing.Sandwiches are a little expensive but they are all SOOO good and come with a free candy (love the carmels!).Favorite sando is the Tomato, Basil, Mozzerella and 2nd favorite is the Sopresatta.  I LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Pane Bianco!
5	Pane Bianco is a great place to take out of towners. My sister was visiting from chilly Boston last weekend, so I was determined keep her outdoors in this beautiful weather as much as possible. After roaming the downtown phoenix farmer's market, we enjoyed lunch at Pane Bianco. PB is sandwiched between a cafe (with amazing-looking baked goods) and a bike shop. The seating is outdoors on communal picnic tables. They keep their menu simple, offering just a few sandwiches and salads. The food items continue the theme of simplicity... they use very high quality ingredients, so a lot of toppings aren't necessary. I had fresh mozarella, basil, and proscuitto... So good! And the bread, oh the bread! Delicious!
4	I Tried the New Dinners Who knew the Crespelle was light as air garbanzo bean crepes filled with the lightest ricotta and spinach topped with a what seemed like slow roasted pealed tomato sauce and basil with a just the right size piece of focaccia studded with tiny tomatoes and olives . ($12.) My companion had the Schreiners Sausage with polenta beluga lentils , greens and the same focaccia and we received the hand made chocolate with our meals . ($10) The service was very friendly by the Girl at register and the Chef . The cashier ran our dinners out to us . The only other items on menu the night we went were meatballs , vegetables and lemoncello sorbet . From what I understand the menu might change every night and they plan to expand next door so more changes will be happening . I have also been here for lunch many times and for lunch I still would rate the same . They now are selling Bianco Mozzarella Cheese and Bianco Tomatoes maybe you can make a masterpiece at home .
4	Great sandwiches but a bit pricey.  Still definitely worth it.PROS:-- AC and I had prosciutto, tomato, mozzarella, and basil sandwiches and each individual ingredient was extremely tasty and fresh and melded together beautifully.-- The bread was excellent - nice and chewy.-- The basil in the sandwich was the best basil I've ever had.  I've grown basil at home myself and never had anything with such bright flavors.CONS:-- Very limited outdoor seating so you may be stuck eating outside in the blazing sun (or cold) or forced to take your food with you.-- $8-10 for a takeout sandwich means this isn't really a good budget option.
5	Chris Bianco's sandwiches are like breast milk for grown-ups.
3	Ok here's the deal. I went to pizzeria bianco this past week and bar bianco, so when we headed out to try Lux this morning, I figured, why not wait around and try Pane Bianco too. So that's what the BF and I did. Right when the restaurant opened I went in intending to only order one sandwich for the BF and I to share, but once inside, I saw they had a special focaccia and decided to get that too so we could have a more broad idea of what the food is like at this place. Both the sandwich and focaccia had mozz, basil, and tomato. So I went up and ordered and the man taking the orders was less than super friendly, but I can understand that for a place trying to be fast that is also super busy. Then I stepped to the side to pay with some other guy, who was actually pretty nice. After that, you have to sit around and wait for your food.... this is kind of awkward because the space is very small and warm and there are products all around so no matter where I stood I felt like I was in someone's way. Finally, they called my name and I got a little paper bag with my food in it and went to sit outside. The BF and I started by splitting the sandwich. Ok, so the sandwich was alright, I liked how the ingredients tasted fresh and the bread was very good, but it really could use something to make it a little more interesting. If they were to drizzle a little bit of aged balsamic on the sandwich, it would be delicious and I would want to come back for it all the time. As is.... I thought it was a little boring and would be kind of easy to make at home, so why would I come here for it? So after we finished that, we moved on to the focaccia. Now this was a different story. The focaccia was really good. It's like a corner slice of a square pizza almost. It had the same ingredients as the sandwich, but somehow tasted way better. I guess it's the melted cheese, the type of bread, and the fact that there was clearly olive oil on it that helped it be so much more flavorful. This was close to as good as the pizza was that we got at pizzeria bianco the other day. So, that made me happy and it only cost $4.50, so that made me even happier. I would be much more likely to come here than to wait three hours for the other. So why does this place get 3 stars and the other get 4? I thought the selection here was very limited, which is fine if it helps them put out more quality food, but man, there's not a lot of choice. Also, the service was much better at the pizzeria. Finally, the appetizers at the pizzeria were freakin amazing and nothing I got today was amazing. HOWEVER I would probably come here again before going back to the pizzeria due to wait time.PS I didn't get a sweet! Now I feel sad. :-(
3	Totally expect to get my ass kicked by the serious Pane Bianco devotees on here, but oh well. Meh. I don't like paying $10+ for a sandwich, and then almost $4 for a side, and $2-3 for a bottle of water/bottle of soda. That is not an acceptable lunch option to me. Especially when I have yet to patron Pane Bianco one time and not been hungry an hour later. This is the freakin' sushi bar of the sandwich world.While I'll agree that the ingredients are fresh, you get so few of them it would be difficult to know otherwise. I've been several times now and pretty much always get the tomato/mozz sandwich as I don't eat tuna salad or have a taste for sopressatta. The other day however I got the market sandwich and I was so excited to be able to try something new because it had turkey in it. 2 whole super thin supermarket looking slices of turkey. Mmmmmm. Delicious giant pieces of bread with two super thin slices of turkey in the middle. How could I say anything nasty about paying $10 for you? How dare I be hungry an hour later when you made me so full with all of that bread? You get the picture. Stick the the tomato/mozz sandwich if you're heading this way. Oh, and make sure someone else is picking up this ludicrous tab.
5	Upfront:  It is take out only.  They are only open for lunch, Monday through Saturday.  If it isn't too hot, there are tables outside you can enjoy lunch at.  You place your order, stand off to the side.  Someone will call your name, and you pay.  Then you stand off to the side again.  A little while later you'll receive your food.  Be patient.I have yet to find friends interested in waiting for Pizzeria Bianco, so I've gotten my Bianco curiosity fix here.  9.5 times out of 10 I have ordered the basil, tomato and mozzerlla sandwich.  It is that good.  It is also (for me) large enough to have half for lunch and half as an afternoon snack around 3:30 pm.I have tried the tuna salad.  It was good but the basil, tomato, mozzerella sandwich is just SO good, that I've never gotten the salad a second time.  They have a daily salad and sandwich special that is always changing.  A few times I have gotten the sandwich special when it involves prosciutto...also delicious.This place is so good.  Highly recommend for out of towners who have heard of the magical ways of Chris Bianco but don't want/can't wait the several hours to eat at Pizzaria Bianco.
5	Yay dinner!!!It's no big secret that I'm a huge fan of Chris Bianco. His simple honest to goodness approach to food is not only inspiring but down right delicious. If you're one of his fans who don't mind waiting 4 hours for one of his amazing pies at Pizzeria Bianco, then you're in for a real treat. While they don't serve pizza, one of my all time favorites, Pane Bianco is now serving dinner and no serious wait either! In addition to ordering one of their famous sandwiches, you can expect an ever changing menu of rustic Italian inspired plates.If you've been to Pane you know the drill, go in, order at the counter then either decide to take your score home, or eat there on one of the communal outdoor tables. No wine or beer is served at this time but there is talk of Pane expanding into the Lux Coffee space next door which will eventually offer inside seating and hopefully wine by the glass. If all of this goes down, Lux will simply move to the adjacent building also getting a larger space. For me Bianco's food just screams for a glassed of red wine.Ordering the Crespelle ($12) had me really excited due to the unique nature of the dish itself. Basically an Italian crepe made the garbanzo bean flour; it's filled with luscious ricotta cheese, hints of spinach then bathed in a slightly sweet tomato sauce. It was clear that after the first bite I was in love with this dish, I simply couldn't stop though glares from my dining companions made me to relinquish the plate. I can't sing enough praises for Biancos Housemade Mozzarella ($8), thick slabs of hand pulled cheese is paired with fresh tomatoes, a few leaves of basil, olive oil and a sprinkling of salt, that's it. The resulting texture and flavor is so toothsome and fresh that I've yet to have another as good. The salad comes with bread which I put to good use soaking up every drop of the salads milky elixir. Served on house made flat bread, the Soppressata with Aged Provolone ($8) which also comes topped with a healthy shave of Parmesan cheese and slices of roasted onion. The pungency from the provolone is a nice compliment to the pork-tastic slices of soppressata. Bianco is dedicated to local purveyors and for good reason, they make some of the best Phoenix has to offer. Take the Sausage with beluga lentils and polenta ($10) for instance. The sausage comes from our very own Schreiner's Fine Sausages over on 7th Street and let me just say, this plump link had just the right amount of meaty well seasoned punch to compliment the hearty lentils and super moist polenta cake.If you're more of a lighter eater, I'd suggest the highly flavorful Roasted Seasonal Vegetables ($5). On my last visit the pan was filled with long thick spears of asparagus, sweet potato, cabbage, radishes, broccolini and cloves of garlic. Grab a loaf of their chewy bread ($3) and you have yourself a vegetarian option even a meat eater like me would love.Now if they added pizza to the menu, my life would be complete.
4	I've gotta get my mozzarella fix at least once a week. Mozzarella sandwich or Mozzarella salad. Nobody does it better than Bianco.BOTTOM LINE: Yummy
4	Helpful Stinkweeds employee pointed this out as the place for a sandwich in Central Cenpho. It did not dissappoint. I had tuna, which is garnished with lemon, olives, and arugula. It was a perfect lunch. on a well crafted artisian flatbread. They have great baguettes for sale, and everything on the menu looked very tempting. My only gripe is that the menu is very scaled down. A little more variety would make this a 5 star deal for me, but I will be back. Ambiance is fantastic. Staff was top notch.Well done.
5	Specials Tonight at Pane Bianco *Lasagna al Forno $18 (Serves 3) *Farinata $6 whole $3 half*Arugala Salad with Peaches $7*Meatballs in tomato sauce $12*Roasted Vegetables $7 *Ribollita Soup $6More than worth it to come out. Open until 8pm
5	We came back today to get the sopressata sandwich.  When we arrived, I took a look at the Market Sandwich of the day and it looked delicious so I got that instead.  Today the market sandwich was roasted pork belly, balsamic onions and some escarole.  It was freaking awesome.  The pork was juicy and fatty, the onions were on point and the escarole gave it some crunch, all the while on their amazing bread.  It was a great sandwich and I would definitely get it again.  My wife got the sopressata sandwich and this time it was a little different.  Usually it has roasted red peppers, but for whatever reason today it had some sauteed/grilled onions.  Still tasty might I add, but the combo of roasted red peppers was better in my opinion.  My wife being the awesome person she is, gave me almost half her sandwich.  It was awesome and overall it was a great lunch.  Washed it down with a Mexican Coke and a little nutty caramel for dessert.  Tasty stuff!
4	Went for lunch and enjoyed the experience.  There was a decent crowd and the food still came out within five minutes so it's REALLY fast.  Provides take out only but some nice benches are available right outside.  No misters so if its hot, it can be uncomfortable although shade is provided.The food was good.  We had the eggplant sandwich and a salami sandwich.  Very tasty but also very salty.  The prices are reasonable.  If the weather is nice, this is a great place to relax or grab a bag and find a comfortable outdoor spot.
3	The word on the street was this is the place to get great food... Well it was hard to find a place to park to begin with the line was out the door when you finally get inside you're packed into a small lobby... I do not like to feel confused when ordering something it was a cluster I ended up ordering the Soppressata with Aged Provolone & Roasted Peppers sandwich once I ordered I went to the back to do what everyone else was doing playing with their iPhones thank you once again iPhone for making me feel part of a group lol. Once my order was call I go to find a seat and there were none but one with a screaming kid next to it pass! So I ate it in the car to find out after all that it was just an ok sandwich. I will not be back to this spot anytime soon.
3	Two things:1) Pizzeria Bianco is easily the best pizza I've ever had, and Chris Bianco is a god among men when it comes to food.2) I realize what I'm about to say is sacrilege......but I don't get Pane Bianco. I shouldn't say "I don't get it". I mean, it's good and all, but these aren't the best sandwiches I've ever had. Their solid, and I'll go back if friends of mine want to try it out, but I just don't think it's all that great.I'm sorry to say this, but I cannot deny my heart, and my heart doesn't really care about these sandwiches. Even the mozzarella one.
4	My family and I have been eating at Pizzeria Bianco for years as a special occasion place, so when I heard they had a sandwich shop I had to visit! It was definitely a bit of a drive, since I'm all the way out in Glendale right now, but I figured it would probably be worth it. They have a very small storefront; the bulk of the space is the baking operation and sandwich-making in the back - and I could tell because it was all open. I love being able to see the food I'm about to eat being made (who doesn't?) and seeing/smelling the fresh bread coming out of the oven definitely upped my anticipation. The staff was really friendly, which is always a plus. I ordered two sandwiches, the tuna and the soppressata, and they were ready within 5 minutes, still all nice and warm. Unfortunately, I had to cart them all the way back to Glendale so my boyfriend could get his, so I didn't get to taste mine fresh.He said his was awesome, and had never had roasted red peppers that were so delicious, but I was slightly more on the fence about my tuna. Not that it wasn't good, it was a great quality sandwich and the bread was amazing. I think it was just the flavor combination for me, I guess I'm used to my tuna being seasoned a certain way, and having something so different wasn't quite up my alley. But knowing their quality now, I will certainly be back to try something else.I will say that the price was slightly high, which I expected, but I was a little disappointed that the prices on their website are incorrect. My sandwich was $9.50 and my boyfriend's was $9, instead of the $8 posted on their website. In summary, good food, good experience, I'd come back if I had some extra money in my bank account and was craving a delicious sandwich on high quality bread.
5	Pane Bianco should be viewed as a treasure in a city like Phoenix that is completely overrun with chains on every corner.  Although, I think it's so amazing that it would be viewed as a treasure in almost any city.It's not every day....or any day really...where the bread to your sandwich is baked in a wood fired oven right in front of your eyes only mere feet from where you stand.From the locally grown produce, to the homemade mozzarella, to the absolutely amazing bread, Pane Bianco is truly a prize for anyone's palette.  Don't be afraid to stray from their classic mozzarella sandwich to try the daily special...you won't be disappointed!
5	I have dreams about the mozzarella on the Caprese style sandwich.  Seriously.  And the Soppressata is the PERFECT compliment...if you're coming as a twosome order both and share.  YUM.
4	Exceptional Italian sandwiches like no other you have ever tried. I cannot compare to anything from Italy as I have never traveled there, but I am sold on the authenticity at Pane Bianco. The menu is limited but it allows them to knock it out of the park on what they do offer. The flat bread is made right there in the oven central to the shop, and tastes great, there seems to be a pinch of salt tossed on at the very end that gives the bread a great finish. The sandwich I enjoyed was filled with sopressata and mozzarella which ranked with the best I have ever had. All around an extremely worth while stop for anyone who loves Italian deli food, Do not pass on the candy that comes with the meal!
5	Always a great meal, tomato moz sandwich amazing, focia pizza amazing
4	Five stars?  Oh, so close!I've stopped in to Pane Bianco a couple of times and have enoyed the non-commercial sandwiches here.  And by "non-commercial", I mean the type my Italian Mom used to make when I was a kid.On my first visit I had what amounted to the caprese sandwich (mozzarella, tomato & basil.)  PB is known for its mozzarella, so I wasn't surprised by its goodness, but I swear the sprig of basil must have been just picked that day...so flavorful and fragant.  It really made the sammy!  The price was about $8.50.  If I would have stopped there, PB would have have five stars.On my second visit I had the Market Sandwich (mortadella, peach relish, pecorino and greens).  The mortadella seemed a bit flavorless.  It was sliced thin (which I love) but could have used an extra layer.  It just seemed as though the pecorino (perhaps due to the saltiness) and sweetness of the peach relish (a slight departure from the website description) overpowered the mortadella.  In fact, the sandwich was a bit on the dry side and could have used a bit more of the relish for moisture, especially in light of the fact this type of bread tends to be on the dry side.  The relish really shouldn't be any sweeter as, it too, runs the risk of overpowering the flavor of the meat.  If Chris Bianco can find a way to add greater volume to the relish without adding any additional sweetness, I'd give PB five stars!  Now, if only something can be done about the $11 price tag, this could be an "A+" sandwich!Feel like getting experiemntal at home?  Be sure to grab a freshly baked loaf before you leave.  A bargain at just $3.My only real disappointment is that PB isn't open on Sunday.  Hopefully, they'll expand once Lux moves from the space they occupy next door and Pane Bianco will have reason to expand both their space AND their hours of operation.  Who knows...maybe even offer some vino???I still crave Pane Bianco and can't wait to go back,  I'm already salivating over the Soppressata with Aged Provolone & Roasted Peppers.  Hmm, maybe it'll be just like Mom used to make.
5	i have been a fan of chris bianco, both professionally and personally since the late 80s when he first made his pizzas at euromarket, now AJ's on central and camelback. this is his outlet for sandwiches, though with the recent addition of his personalble brother marco, and hardworking robbie, it has expanded to evenings and other  entrees as well. in october, the james beard award winning pizza will also be available in this outlet as well as downtown. but i go for the sandwiches, ranging from fritattas,to ham, turkey, procuisutto, meatball, lamb, jarmon. sausage, and more. the roasted red peppers, and tomatoes are to die for as they are assembled on freshly baked bread that you see being baked right before your eyes. the prices have recently gone up, probably to pay for the expansion. the italian ices served during the summer are the ideal desset. they have sodas available, made with cane sugar only. no corn syrup. a loaf of bread is only 3 bux. but the sandwiches can be pricey...up to 12 dollars for the daily market special. my roommate swears by the tuna, made with lemon juice and olives. this is not your grandmother's tuna...it is imported from portugal and is delicious. i have a friend, tony , who lives crosstown and will travel here just to satisfy his crave for this particular sandwich. lines can be lengthy, so it could take 15 minutes during lunch rush hour, but nothing like the waits downtown. there are outdoor tables, and each bag is garnished with a piece of candy for dessert. fans of susan pool will be disappointed she is no longer with the staff. and speaking of the staff, many of them have been working at pane bianco since it started, all are friendly and knowledgeable. just about everything in your sandwich was grown or cultivated in arizona, and freshness is apparent..whether its a sandwich or a melon salad.  is this place for everyone? probably not. but if you have standards of criticism when it comes to food, you should be pleased with the effort made, and result on your taste buds.
3	This weekend I had the Market sandwich that was made with very good and not tangy goat cheese ,  tomato and arugula the price went up to $12 ( I think that is allot)  but what bothered me the most was that the bread was different . The bread in the past was always a special crisp fresh bread like no other but this time it was the same shape but just bready and not crisp. I hope that this was just a fluke batch of dough . This sandwich was a mess to eat and was drippy with dressing oozing out . Most market sandwiches have been very good in the past .I hope the recipe for the bread didn't change and it just was an off day .Will try again.
5	I love the ambiance of this place. The rustic feel, the soft glow, the smell of delicious food. How can you resist? I ordered the Rosa pizza. It had Arizona pistachios, red onion, rosemary, and cheese. It was absolutely perfect. The whole party had a bite and it was unanimous. That pizza was delicious. A very unique pizza indeed.
5	Lately I have been addicted to a good Caprese style sandwich and Pane Bianco's is AWESOME!  I read the previous reviews so I went there expecting a crowd and nowhere to sit.  This did not detract from the experience for me because the quality and freshness of the food was more than enough to get and keep my attention.  The staff were very friendly and helpful, being from the Atlantic Northeast I have high expectations when it comes to Italian done well with personality to boot. I did not want to wait till I got home to eat my so good smelling prize so I went outside to find picnic style tables and benches.  It was way to hot to sit outside and I was craving iced coffee so I went next door to Lux and was both surprised and relieved to find many of their patrons with Pane Bianco bags openly eating their lunches with drinks from Lux to claim patronage.  Can't wait for a hopefully air-conditioned expansion.
5	I'm pretty sure if you could eat heaven...this is what it would taste like.
5	This place is unbelievable!  The man and I were out and about and stopped off at Lux for some coffee.  While we were outside enjoying the GORGEOUS weather we finally have, he noticed the sign that they had margherita pizza, so we decided to give it a try.  And we're so glad we did!!  This place is i.n.c.r.e.d.i.b.l.e. for the following reasons:  1:  She spoke to the chef in italian when she told him our order.2:  Our order came quickly and she offered to bring it outside instead of us having to wait for it.3:  We got a Coke and a Sprite, which was actually Mexican Coke and Sprite in the bottles made with actual sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup and they were cold and delicious!4:  Everything she brought us from the plates to the silverware is environmentally friendly.5: She brought two little pieces of homemade chocolate with toffee in it.6: Now what you've been waiting for...  The pizza.  We were a little hesitant about the crust just by looking at it, but one bite in, we were in love.  The crust was flavorful and light and crispy but not too crispy with a hint of sweetness and that glorious wood-stone oven flavor.  You could tell that the marinara sauce was homemade and it tasted like they'd picked the tomatoes fresh from their garden that morning.  The mozzarella  had just enough pull to melt in your mouth instead of getting caught in your throat and the basil was fresh and glorious.  It was seriously the best pizza I've ever had.  If you're in the mood for something authentic, fresh and AMAZING, go to Pane Bianco.  Support this locally owned business.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Only serve sandwiches from 1-4. Serve pizza from 4-8.
5	~Pizza @ Pane Bianco~   I am Hesitant, do I write this review or not?!  I mean if I do not... I could plead the intoxication of FEZ's Fabulous sugar-rimmed WatermelonMargaritas (which come with genuine GummiWorms to "Lure" You).   The 23rd of September was one of those RollerCoaster rides with My Mate.  At first He's, "I just want a small salad, I am kind of still full from lunch."  To, having the FullOn yummy monthly DinnerSpecial at FEZ, ~Crispy Chicken Cordon Bleu~ it came with a side of perfectly cooked spinach (which I did get a taste of).  We arrived at HappyHour and the WatermelonMargaritas were 2-4-1, so of course...  Next, We headed North toward the next LightRail station, yet not before heading to LUX, where We realized We were not prepared to wait... They were a bit busy.   I suggested We pop into Pane Bianco for a loaf of bread from, Their wood burning oven.  We didn't even make it through the (new) front door before, the aroma of pizza hit Us.   After drinking like a fish and nibblin' on GummiWorms, I was so ready for pizza.   They only offer 4 different types of pizza from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m.;MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh MozzarellaCheese, BasilMARINARA - Tomato Sauce, Oregano, Garlic without CheeseROSA - Red Onion, ParmesanCheese, Rosemary, AZ PistachiosBIANCOVERDE - Fresh MozzarellaCheese, ParmesanCheese, RicottaCheese, Arugula   You would think it would not be a  difficult choice, think again.  I finally narrowed it down to the Rosa only to be told by the sweet, petite, CounterGirl that the Bakers were still getting Their game on, so I could have a second pizza for free.   TooMuch for My alcohol infused GreyMatter to process, Mate tells Her to make the second one a Margherita.  Okay so here's My Dilemma, do I even try to tell You how IndescribablyGood, a pizza with ArizonaGrown pistachios is/can be. That a wood burning oven cooks a pizza in less than 10 minutes, so We were in and out in less than 20 minutes. That soon Pane Bianco will be attempting another form of seduction by serving, Crow's Dairy Gelato.Maybe...  You are not someone who reads My reviews, someone who does not understand the subtleties of Flavour, someone who does not love Locally Grown. Maybe, Maybe not. Do I risk it?!?!
5	I can only speak to one food item here, and that's their tomato and mozzarella sandwich.  If they only served one sandwich, and I had to eat it for the rest of my life, then I would die a happy and full man.  We spent our honeymoon in Italy, traveling around the country and eating as if we had gone hungry the other 30 years of our life, and I swear this sandwich matches, and occasionally exceeds, the simple fare that was so overwhelmingly good across the country.  The sandwich is huge, and every time I think I'll have some leftover for later, and each time I prove myself wrong by eating every last crumb and wayward tomato.  One day I'll order something else, but then maybe I won't.
4	I tried the Rosa HERE! and it was better than the Rosa I had at Pizzeria Bianco. The pistachios were baked on and not just tossed on at the end so the flavor developed. The Rosa HERE had Rosemary on it that you could see and taste and the crust was far less black , it was charred but not black . The Escarole salad we ordered with it was very good.It's take out but you can eat out side at one of the tables and it wasn't busy at all.The menu last night was, a few salads, 4 pizzas, 2 pastas and Italian ice.I don't know if they started milling their own flour yet from heirloom Arizona grains yet but I find that interesting.
5	Fantastic alternative to pizzeria bianco if you don't have at least 4 hours for dinner and love sandwiches. They have the freshest cheese and tomatoes... Yum!
2	Two stars for the sandwiches, negative three stars for them never answering their phone.
5	When I lived a block from Pane Bianco, I used to make it a point to spend (and eat) as little as possible throughout the week just to be able to grab one of their sandwiches (preferably the mozzarella, tomato and basil sandwich) on the weekend.A little pricey, but worth every penny; the food is crafted so well that you start to dream about it and wonder when you can run back for more. If you're a coffee or tea fan, it's perfectly paired with Lux right next door; ample seating to eat your sandwich in peace and enjoy the people watching.
5	Great lunch spot, really yummy sandwich and very shareable.
5	My wife and I stop often for Saturday lunch.  The sandwiches are awesome but if its your first time definitely get the fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil.  Everything is grown fresh and made by Bianco.  Its my fav get it every time.  We also stop in just to get their baguette's which are awesome for an egg breakfast and my personal fav cream cheese and fresh smoked salmon. mmmm.  Bianco's is a must try!
3	Cute hipster spot for sandwiches with just little bistro seating in the shop and group seating outside.  The staff mentioned they were going to be opening a full service restaurant next door.My friend and I got different sandwiches (salami and vegetarian) and they were very good.  The bread is freshly made at the shop and you can see them pull them out of the oven.I liked it a lot and thought the vegetable soup was good (more of a stew really).
3	I think this is one of them places that are more of trend over substance. The sandwich was ok, the bread with lemon and dried tomatoes was semi-ok but nothing a wild flower sandwich couldn't compare to and I am not too big of a fan of them either. I think it is just one of the many places that people flock to like its some hidden gem when it really isn't worth the pricing, stop by if you are in the neighborhood but don't drive from Cave Creek.
4	Time to chime in. It sucks that a place could be so good that they have back lash from hipster hating self loathing wanna be hipsters in denial.This place is exactly what it is supposed to be. A cool ass walk up sandwich shop w/ homemade everything. They only offer 4 sandwiches during the day, all four are delicious. All bread is baked constantly, served warm and w/ a small amount of quality meat and cheese. Everything is put on the sandwich w/ a purpose and it all plays well together.Yes the sandwiches are kind of expensive, no they don't have a huge drink selection, and yes you have to sit outside on a picnic table.But as others have posted, LUX is connected to this place and they have all kinds of sodas, coffee, tea, etc. Yes they are different businesses, but they have a symbiotic relationship and would love to serve you a iced tea to go w/ your delicious sandwich.********************THis just in*******************Now open for dinner, you can walk up and get an artisan pizza and eat it in the park. I have been waiting 10+ years for this perk. This is basically a Pizzeria Bianco Pie w/ out the hassle. That's whats up!Ease up, enjoy. I would come here daily if it made sense.
5	Not your ordinary sandwich! Now I have read some of the comments that the sandwiches are over priced, or should I say more expensive than most sandwiches. Well, this isn't your typical deli. First off, if you can finish the whole sandwich I am impressed. I have a hearty appetite and I am perfect with just half a sandwich. That is another half for another meal. Talking dollars here. Now let's break down the Pane Bianco creation:Fresh Ingredients: There is nothing more important than fresh vegetables, cheese and meats. Pane Bianco hits the mark on this qualification. Seasoning: Love the dressing they used on my Soppressata sandwich. Bread: Good luck finding a better bread for your sandwich. Delicious and right out of the oven.Atmosphere: I like it. I know some people had issue with it, but this place is about a simple menu with a simple process to get you seated and eating ASAP. My favorite place for a $5 sandwich. Yeah, there is enough for two meals!!
4	Updating a previous review.  My primary interest here is getting Bianco pizzas to go.  The menu has 4 of the 6 pizzas that are featured at Pizzeria Bianco plus a market pizza.  In my previous review I had expressed severe displeasure with the fact that although they do carryout orders they will not take orders over the phone.  I think that is a flaw, and should at least be better communicated.  Anyway, this time I called in advance and found out what the market pizza was (smoked mozzarella and sopresata), and asked them what the typical wait time was.  I was told about 10 minutes, which seems very reasonable.  I drove over there (it is only about 2.5 miles from my house) and put in my order for a Magherita and a Rosa.  There was some in-door seating available (it was a bit too cold to wait at the outside tables) so I sat and waited.  Chris Bianco came by and we had a nice chat.  My pizzas were indeed ready in less than 10 minutes.  I actually lost a couple of minutes when they failed to notice that they were to-go orders and put them out for table delivery.  They were a little colder than they should have been because of this, but the new setup (with seating in the part where Lux once was) was only in its first week, so I ave them the benefit of the doubt.  The pizza was wonderful, I had just partaken of a Rosa at Pizzeria Bianco about 3 weeks earlier and could not see any difference.I am withholding one star due to the phone order issue and the screwup on the to-go order, but this is the deal:Pizzeria Bianco has what the NY Times claimed to be among the best pizzas in the country.  You have to wait an hour or two for a table.Pane Bianco has the same pizza, and you can have one, either to eat in or take out, in about 10 minutes.
4	The Housemade Mozzarella, Local Tomato & Basil sandwich is as good as it gets in the sandwich world.
5	If you love bread, this is the place for you. Sandwich for lunch and pizza for diner are perfect for me. All ingredients are so fresh out of the farm. I really love to come here and enjoy my food outside (only in the Fall/Spring though, not summer).
4	So I've got to start off by saying that this is obviously not your run of the mill sandwich shop. My gorgeous dining companion and I tend to split the fresh mozzarella, basil & tomato (so delish) and their market sandwich (their sandwich de jour) - and normally we can't finish the entire second half, which makes for a nice afternoon snack.  We like to sit outside, weather permitting - which really people, we live in Phoenix, so that's almost always - and slurp Coke from the bottle.I was a little disappointed with my experience today, although I am sure it was somewhat tempered by the fact that I wasn't accompanied by my man, but was instead grabbing food to go for us.  Apparently you can call in to go orders, which I didn't know, but numerous people cut in front of the long line by simply saying "I called in my order."  Well, excuse me!  The long lonely line is one thing, but the kicker was the tuna salad that didn't have olives as advertised and the bean/veggie soup that really wasn't anything to write home about - it lacked salt for sure.The girl in front of me wanted to order pizza and was told you can only order pizza at dinner time.  She was pissed and really, I can't blame her because we stood in line a long time.  But sweetie, really, go to Pizzeria Bianco if you want their pizza.  (PS: We ate there for dinner last night and I will post a separate review...I guess the holidays bring out my Bianco cravings...)As I'm re-reading this, I realize it kinda sounds negative.  Which really doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things because this place is hugely popular and will continue to be I'm sure.Take away: yummy sandwiches, not cheap but that doesn't bother me if the quality is there - and it is.  Go early or a little later to avoid the lunch rush and enjoy!
5	So they now have the entire building and a dinner menu.  Alcohol license pending.Now is the time to sneak in for some of the best food in the Valley.We went 3:30PM Friday, -wild arugula salad with roasted beets, goat cheese and toasted pecans-pizza margarita-roast pig, she apologized that it had just come out of the overn and was resting for 10 minutes.Absolute heaven.We left at 5PM Friday, still almost empty place.  I must be in bizarro world.I wish my budget allowed me to eat there every day until the alcohol license arrives.  Or bizarro world stays put.
5	Great place to for for lunch. The sandwiches were delicious, we had the mozzarella with tomato and basil one as well as Sopresetta. There was plenty of seating arrangements outside but i'm imagining during rush time there won't be a whole lot left. Great atmosphere and had lots of parking too.
4	Pane Bianco has long been a fav of mine for lunch. What's not to love about fresh baked bread, great ingredients prepared in the typical Italian way-simple, fresh, uncluttered.We were excited to try the newly expanded dine in Pane Bianco and were quite frankly disappointed. First off, the interior and ambiance are great-no problems there.But, it was only 7pm and they were out of 3 of their dishes-so we went with a pizza-3 cheese and arugula and a special-pasta fagioli-a very popular peasant fare that when made well is sublime.The pizza was okay- a little dry, actually, and I have to admit the pasta was also just okay. I expected a slightly tomato broth with lots of garlic and firm beans with small pasta-more like a soup-what I got was a bland plate of rigatoni with mashed beans. No parmesan even to round out the dish.I think Pane Bianco has some growing pains before it reaches a stellar status and I am confident it will. I suspect it was just an off night.
5	A W E S O M E.....................omg
5	Hello Sorrento Italy!  The mozzarella, tomato, basil on fresh bread was FANTASTIC!!  If you don't go here, you are depriving your tastebuds!!
5	I have worked downtown for years, and this spot is a favorite. All of the sandwiches are good, and take out is super easy. (I work on a lot of campaigns - live off take out). On the rare times that I am able to sit outside, everything is clean and run efficiently.
2	If you're into family-style seating with strangers, limited menus, not having a drink with your meal, and small portions with large price tags, it's perfect.I hope to go back when they have their liquor licence; that'll give it at least one more star (depending on how many drinks I have ;)
1	tuna sandwich was ok. (if you like cheap tuna dripping with more olive oil than 3 salads would need.) kind of pricey for a plain sandwich , no drink etc. bread was good but that was about it.
5	I had heard great things about Pizzeria Bianco and had been to LUX (the coffee shop next door), so I was excited at the chance to get to try this place.They were out of the the market sandwich of the day, so we decided to go with the Caprese Sandwich.  Let me say this, never in AZ have I ever tasted anything close to what I experienced in Italy, until I came here.  The bread was the perfect combination of chewy and crunchy.  The tomatoes tasted like they came right off of the vine. The ultimate winner however, was the mozzarella.  So incredibly fresh! Slightly salty, perfect texture; literally heaven.  I have not been there since they opened the Dine-in section, but plan on going back as soon as possible!
3	3.5 stars..Wanted to love this place and do really like it. Thought the menu was limited but very fresh. The market sandwich was a winner. Didn't care for the tuna at all. The balsamic made it far too sweet for this tuna fan. The pickled sides were a highlight. The lentil soup was good, not great. Love the decor of the place, especially the mid century modern swag lighting over the bar. It is an eclectic casual joint but a bit pricey. We will return and give it another whirl.
5	Love love love this place... an almost weekly lunchtime Mozz sandwich is a must!
4	First time trying this place today almost looks like one of those hole in the wall places from the outside but going inside its nice, me and the wife ordered the mozerella tomato basil sandwich....sooo good the bread is amazing the sandwich is so simple but works so well together. Definitely recommend this to who haven't tried it.
4	Great food for hipsters. No really, the food is genuinely great. Had the fennel salad, and discovered a new vegetable: watermelon radish???
5	Love is in the air... yes, Valentines Day is around the corner, but the love is really about the spontaneous lunch date I had the other day at Pane Bianco.For those wondering, my date was with my husband.  We left the baby at home (with a babysitter of course), and went out for a few hours to enjoy the beautiful weather.  After a stop at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, we were both hungry and finally agreed to head to PB.  I hate to admit this, but it was my first time there... I had high expectations and PB delivered!  We sat outside on the picnic tables instead of taking advantage of the full service inside.  We shared a tomato mozzarella sandwich and a tuna salad.  Both were delicious!  Melt in your mouth delicious!  We also brought home their market sandwich for our babysitter (aka my mother-in-law).  It was a vegetable sandwich which she said was delicious.I'd heard the menu was limited, which it was, but there was still plenty to choose from.  I can't wait to return for lunch or dinner... and perhaps to take advantage of their private little room in back.  Anyone up for a little dinner party at Pane Bianco?!
5	This place is unreal...i am addicted to the mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich.  the bread is so fresh, just try this place out and you wont regret it.
4	Ok Pizza Bianco is on my list (one day damn it). Recently came for the dinner menu at the new location well, um, building. We just noshed on a fennel salad and the anti pasta and had the rice pudding to finish it all off.  Food was good as expected. We love the layout with the counter and the small counter for two off to the side.  Service was wonderful as expected. The pudding was the dazzler of the night so creamy so good. Great little tender (oh so tender) raisins. One day we will be back and maybe I will have a pizza.
4	In town for a Spring Training trip and had a dinner at Pizzeria Bianco circled twice on the agenda.  I guess I should have figured that with every food critic/organization under the sun singing its praises that it might be a popular destination, but was still blown away when their hostess told me that my buddies and I were looking at a minimum 3 hour wait to get our hands on some of this famed pizza.But wait!! They have a sister restaurant across town that serves EXACTLY the same pizza?  And we can essentially stroll in there with no problems?  Sign us up.  I'm also guessing this is reasonably new development because a lot of these reviews below me don't seem to even acknowledge the pizza's existence.  Right now they've got four options for pizza - the Marinara, Margherita, Rosa, and Biancoverde.  Our group of 7 tried all but the Marinara (no hard feelings, cheese-less pizza).  I was impressed with all three with the Biancoverde taking the crown as the best of the night.  One of the chefs there really took care to explain all of the fresh and locally-grown ingredients that they used, and you can tell that the entire staff really takes pride in the food they serve.Why only four stars?  Fair or not, I'm afraid it just couldn't overcome the hype.  My buddy from New York INSISTED that he could find a handful of pizza places that could outdo this in NY (although talk about hype...).  If anyone has ever tried Pitfire Pizza in Los Angeles, Pane Bianco is like a better version of that...with a measure of distance there, to be sure.I'd still be sure to get off your butt and check it out if you've been struggling to come to grips with the zoo over at Pizzeria Bianco - I can't imagine this will remain a well-kept secret for long.
5	Wow, great fresh food!tomato mozzarella sandwich was terrific.  Fresh house made Mozzarella and real tomato flavor.Everyone in our party had something different, all very good.
2	While the decor and people of Pane Bianco are certainly of the chic and cool crowd of downtown Phoenix, AZ, the food is lacking in quality and excelling in its price.  The bike rack out front, for the latest hipster's recently purchased 10-speed, is a nice addition to the patio seating however, the food served could have used about a $3.00-$4.00 discount in pricing.  I was with a group of eight people, of whom i am out to eat lunch with on weekdays and weekends and, all of us had never been to Pane Bianco.  I ordered the Tuna Sandwich, while others in our group ordered the Mozzarella Sandwich.  We all agreed that the the food was somewhat tasty however, it certainly didn't match the pricing or even the over-self-assured staff.  The decor inside seemed nice however, out of place in Phoenix, AZ, as it was resembling a Kansas-Linen look, with a hollow and ghost-like feeling of emptiness, no matter how many people were there.  I wouldn't recommend Pane Bianco to those who care about a good ratio of the quality and price of the food, unless you have a $10.00 and $5.00 bill burning out of your purse or pocket, and are equipped with an equally snobby attitude, a thick un-Phoenix-like beard or, can still fit into your size 2 skinny jeans and Jackie-O sunglasses.  All in all, this is a place for blowhards and posers, not for the price conscious educated palate of most of the Phoenix area restaurant visitors.
4	I really enjoy their lunch and dinner. A little known secret is that they serve pizza after 4pm. The pizza is the reason that we first tried this place. Now that they have opened the option to sit inside, it is a great place to take out or eat in. I am a huge fan of their Marinara Pizza while my boyfriend swears by the Margherita. It's the same price you will pay at Pizzeria Bianco and basically the same quality, minus the Pizzeria Bianco atmosphere and wait. For lunch I have the Housemade Mozzarella, Local Tomato & Basil sandwich or salad. The Mozzarella is fresh and delicious and I do not normally eat cheese. One more thing, I love that I can buy a pizza here and go next door to Lux, order a lemonade and read a book while enjoying my pizza. Great place! The only caveat is that the wait at lunch time can be up to 20-25 mins during peak hours (downtown Phoenix lunch crowd).
4	It's been awhile since I've been to Pane Bianco and I remembered tonight just how good it is.  Since the expansion, the new section is great...rustic and comfortable - I absolutely love most of the pieces in there.  The menu is simple but good, the service was quick and friendly and the food is delicious!
4	Been here several times over the last year.  I don't mind the price knowing that I'm getting quality food and ingredients.  The bread is delicious and atmosphere is unique!  We will return!
2	Where do I begin? If the food is from Chris Bianco you know it's going to be good,  but was tad dissapointed at our antipasto plate. It was rather ordinary and sparse compared to any of the dozen or so times I've had it at Bianco downtown. We also ordered the Rosa which is one of their signature pizza pies with cheese, onion and Arizona pistachios. Delicious. We also thought wine would be a nice choice. Unfortunately, they don't have their liquor license sorted out yet. So a hit and a two misses. But here's the main reason they only got two stars: We ordered the antipasto plate and when we asked the blonde female waitstaff person who brought it for bread she said they didn't have any. OK, uh, what? Seems that Pane Bianco (White Bread in Italian) doesn't make bread on Saturday's. I said, well, since they make pizza, perhaps you can throw some dough into the oven and bake some. She said they couldn't do that. What? In the meantime our resourceful waiter overheard the conversation and brought us some...wait for it...BREAD. She just looked vacantly at the newly arrived substance and walked away. Word to Mr. Bianco: Please fire her.
3	If I had a more sophisticated palate, I would probably rate Pane Bianco much higher. It's a little confusing where you come in because you need to go to different areas if you're dining inside or taking your food to go- sidenote: Eating at their outside patio is TO GO. I went with the mozzarello, tomato, basil sandwich. Their fresh baked foccasia bread was delish, and my sandwich was really filling. I also liked that they had sweet tea as a beverage option.Also, their parking lot is weirdly set up.
4	I absolutely loved my experience at Pane Bianco. I spent a long day of working, drinking, and making merry at the Phoenix Pride Festival, and decided I'd find much better food while I wandered my way over to the bar.... Such great food I found! I ordered a Margherita Pizza and a bottle of coke... While the price felt a little steep for the volume of food received, the quality of the pizza, as well as the AMAAAAAAAAZING AMAZING AMAZING FANTASTIC staff ultimately made the $20 I threw down feel like a value! I was impressed by the speediness of service for a Saturday evening, and enjoyed the environment on the little patio outside.
4	Super cute spot with the freshest of the fresh ingredients. Tasty sandwiches and salads. Fast and friendly service. Adorable country farm feel. What's not to love?
5	Probably the best tomato mozzarella sandwich ever. Bean soup delicious. Pizza- awesome! The place recently expanded so you can now sit inside. They really did a great job on the decor an created two separate rooms that can sit 8-10 people. Great ambiance.
5	This is the perfect lunch spot. It's perfect for those who need an hour escape from a cubicle, it's perfect for those meeting friends for a leisurely lunch, it's perfect for a solo diner and it's perfect for a casual meeting. A sit-down restaurant lives on one side and a takeout market (with outdoor seating) lives on the other. The atmosphere is very farm-to-table'esque and lets out a fresh breathe of an open and airy environment of fresh products and friendly kitchen. The food here is what you would expect from Chris Bianco: pure perfection. The bread is fresh and fluffy, the cheese is creamy and the meats are grade A. The menu is extremely limited, but it still offers something for every appetite. They have a couple salads and a couple sandwiches, but be sure to ask about their daily specials. I had the pleasure of visiting Pane Bianco today for a business meeting and decided to enjoy the special. The special today was a prosciutto sandwich with melted cheese and tomato paste. The tomato paste really made the sandwich. The entire sandwich was filling without stuffing me and delightful with every bite. I think that it can be hard for individual diners to find a lunch spot that's comfortable for a "table for one." Luckily Pane Bianco is the perfect environment for this thanks to the takeout market and picnic tables in front.
5	Excellent fresh sandwiches to give you a break from the monotony of work. Makes a good business meeting lunch as well. And now you can sit in the cool air-conditioning next door if you get there early enough.
5	I'm a regular at Pane and can honestly say I've never had a bad experience. Visually beautiful and home to the BEST caprese sandwich you will ever have. They always have their signature sandwiches and pizzas but the menu changes daily -- something I love in a restaurant. The food is fresh, produce local, and bread made in-house. They sell beverages in glass bottles and if you take your food to go, they supply a homemade caramel. There is nothing about this place I don't love! Especially the fact that it's located next to Lux -- so you can stop in for coffee and dessert or a cocktail afterward.
4	Damn good sandwiches. I really liked the tuna. Their bread is the highlight. Cool atmosphere too
4	Tomato, mozzarella, and basil. ENOUGH SAID!
5	With a few hours past and a few tasks accomplished the next stop of my day would be at Pane Bianco - the sandwich shop from the Valley's most celebrated Chef, Chris Bianco.  Having made my pilgrimage to the eponymous pizzeria during my first trip to Phoenix, Pane had been on my radar since the day I moved to town but given the lunch-only hours and my office location in North Scottsdale I knew a weekend would be best and as luck would have it a new website (http://www.pizzeriabianco.com/) and seven day 11a-3p schedule had been rolled out just the week prior.Arriving at the surprisingly large space (especially when compared to Matt's and JoBot from earlier that day - and compared to Pizzeria Bianco as well) shortly after 11:30 and allocating parking in the free lot juxtaposing the Light Rail I debated for a moment whether dine-in or to-go was best and opting for the former made my way into the restaurant where two couples already sat.  Greeted by one of two servers it was suggested I could take "any seat I wanted" and opting for a bench in the center of the room where a menu awaited I sat down to browse the menu as well as the daily specials listed on the chalkboard - almost all sounding appealing, but a bit different than the Saturday special listed on the website.  With a small list of beverages available I was asked soon if I was ready to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it consistently and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.Having debated the specials but eventually undeterred from the reason I'd come in the first place I soon placed my order for a sandwich and an 'appetizer' which I was told would be 'just a few minutes' and as while I waited I checked out the small market at the Take Away section featuring the famous focaccia, cans of tomatoes, dried pasta, and apparel before returning to my seat where my items would arrive shortly - the first a Manchego and Tomato Sauce Focaccia del Giorno featuring Bianco's delectable wood fired focaccia in all of its spongy glory topped with sweet, ripe tomatoes and an ample layer of briny Manchego; at $4.50 probably the most expensive "Grandma Slice" I've ever had yet at the same time also probably the best...or at least on par with that at DiFara in Brooklyn for best of its genre.Moving next to the original target of my desire, a sandwich of Bianco's House Made Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil on Wood Fired Focaccia my first thought was "wow - that is a lot of cheese" while my second, after a bite, was "wow - that is a lot of flavor."  Perhaps as pure of a sandwich as you can find and the result of exquisite ingredients on top quality bread there is really nothing 'special' about the composition of this sandwich aside from the fact that it simply works - a largely unmanipulated masterpiece only improved by a touch of sea salt and cracked black pepper.Largely unaware on entering that Pane serves dessert it was with much delight that I realized soon after sitting down that three options were available that day and while the flourless chocolate cake I saw emerge from the kitchen to the table next to me looked quite nice there was simply no way I was passing up the Organic Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding with Candied Pecans - another simplistic stunner with creamy Arborio rice imbued with a rich vanilla custard flicked with whole vanilla beans and a few pecans for crunch.  Delicate and smooth, flavorful without being overly sweet, and *almost* thick enough to stand a spoon up straight it was not quite the best rice pudding I've ever had - but a top five contender without a shadow of a doubt - a reason in and of itself to return to Pane Bianco...though to be fair, if I returned it would take pretty spectacular daily specials to prevent me from ordering the exact same trio of items once again.  With Chris and his team now two for two it is only a matter of time before I make my way to Italian Restaurant... and honestly, that time is likely measured in hours and days as opposed to weeks and months.
4	Nice place to try a different kinda of sandwich if you're tired of chains like Subway. I love their Housemade Mozzarella, Local Tomato & Basil : food was fresh and the bread was excellent. I also tried the Tuna with Red Onion, Gaeta Olives, Lemon & Arugula and that was nice as well.Service/seating was really quick (went on a Saturday for lunch). Only complaint is the parking, had to park on the street a couple blocks down because their lot was packed.
5	Once again I stumbled (well, actually a friend introduced me) onto a delightful establishment. My taste-buds are still quivering from the gastronomic pleasure of this weekend lunch. Not only was the food incredible, but the service was superb! And we got a little inside info - they shall be serving beer and wine soon - how soon? Maybe already.I plan on making this a stop on every trip I make into central Phoenix. It was unbelievably satisfying. P.S. Share the flour-less chocolate cake with your dining companions. It was a perfect ending to an absolutely perfect meal!
5	When I found this place through Yelp, it reminded why Yelp is so awesome. I was visiting Phoenix and never would have found it otherwise. The sandwiches and charcuterie were simply wonderful. I had a salami sandwich and my bf had a mortadella-fig sandwich.  For some reason, mortadella scares me and I never order it... I have no idea why. But after tasting his, I wished I ordered it. This place is good - a great location (next to Lux) and great gourmet sandwiches at a cool price.
3	Good, but I'd be hard pressed to say great.  Fresh bread and sandwiches.  I find the menu to be a bit limited (they had four choices for sandwiches, three salads and a soup).  The atmosphere is nice, airy and I like the picnic bench style of the seating.  It was on the pricey side ($9-$11 for a sandwich).  But you're paying for the Bianco label.  Worth trying, but nothing to write home about.
4	Great oven roasted bread, and unique sandwiches.  Lacking variety...as does his pizzeria.
3	A good mozzarella sandwich for Arizona but NOWHERE NEAR the one I had back in Jersey at Joe Leone's in Pt. Pleasant. I had to park down the street, even on a Saturday at 2pm. Paid $20 to take home a Mozzarella/tomato& basil, and a Soppressata/provalone& roasted pepper. The hubby agreed: they were good, not great. Had to add salt & pepper to the mozz sandwich; not a good thing... Bread is very good, but it's that tough, rustic thin focaccia style which makes my mouth sore from chewing. Not a big fan of that. Also, they were sold out of the Sandwich Special of the Day so that left me with exactly 3 to coose from. Not enough variety.
5	Everything is always good here but the NUTMEG ITALIAN ICE is MIND BLOWING CRAZY GOOD! If that stuff was sold in Tubs at the supermarket bunches would be sold. The texture was like slightly compacted snow that seemed light as air. The flavor was not too sweet but perfect with an unexpected something refreshing about it. This place is different from the other Bianco restaurants and is my favorite. Everything is always good and this place really has soul. It so far has always been good for lunch and the few times I've been here for dinner and my last pizza was better here than from the pizzeria.I always just sat out at the outside tables but this time we decided to try out the dining room. My husband had the sopressata sandwich and it was great the way it always is. I had the tuna salad and it seemed better than usual maybe because it was served on a real plate instead of the plastic container. We shared the focaccia it was very good it was a cheddar , red onion , and tomato focaccia.4.5 stars
5	After finally getting to try Pane Bianco - mainly because I couldn't get here during their business hours (they close at 3pm!), we made it.  And I am so glad!I love the simple menu and the fresh ingredients.  The bread alone is worth the trip and I always take home an extra loaf or two.  The sandwiches are spectacular and the salads are second to none.  Be sure to order a piece of the flour-less chocolate cake and keep your fingers crossed that there's some left.  They run out on occasion.  The staff is always excellent, just as they are at the other Bianco eateries.And now I've learned that Pane will be open for dinner starting Sept 24th with a simple menu of a couple of pizzas, salads and a special or two.  Our waiter wouldn't let us in on the details of who the chef would be, but he was very excited about it!
5	Best lunch restaurant in Phoenix! Super fresh food! Always fun atmosphere! And I have never had a bad experience!
3	I just had such awful service on my last visit, and my loaf of bread was so hard and chewy. I was very disappointed my last visit, and I hope future visits will show improvements in the service and bread.There were mistakes made with my order--it was obvious. I was told they were busy and to expect to wait about 15 minutes for my to-go order. 35 minutes later, after we see that people are coming, ordering, getting their food and leaving and we still don't have our 2 sandwiches we are told they are still doing prep work and "we told you it would be a long wait to today. I don't know what else to tell you." That kind of response just doesn't cut it in my book.They have good food overall. I have eaten here many times, and will return I'm sure to give them another chance (if I can keep their wonky hours straight in my head)! I just hope the poor staffing will improve.
4	Location location location! This place is in a great spot for lunch goers and church goes and coffee lovers. its right off the lightrail and across from two churches that I know of, AND next door to lux. You could even get your bike tuned at the Slippery Pig while you eat! Its got the cutest "i got all this stuff at a yardsale and upcycled it into voila" amazing furniture! The wait staff was friendly and the food was delish! I ordered the soup made with seasonal veggies. My son was in the mood for meatball sandwich probably because he smelled the special "Sloppy Giuseppe" brewing! He ordered that and was mega pleased. its exactly like a meatball sub only its not. =D Instead of meatballs its like a meat sauce with more meat and less sauce. We'll definitely be back.
5	This is by far the best pizza I have ever had in my life hands down :) We order the pizza rosa that had red onions and pistachios. It was amazing! We also had the flourless chocolate cake and that was amazing too! I will definitely be back! The ambiance was very cool as well!
2	It's unfortunate their menu only has 4 sandwiches on it. The food was good, albeit leaves a lot to wish for. It came on a plate with a couple olives and nothing else. I would expect more for the $9-11 price tag. They market themselves as a sandwich shop but I just don't buy it.  More so, it was a hipster hangout where it seems people go to look cool.  Granted, the few items the did have were quite good, but I just expected a nice turkey sandwich, but that wasn't happening.  The service was on the verge of incompetent but the owner did swing by with a loaf of bread.  Too bad we had to ask for oil at the counter to dip it in (our waitress was absent).  Their water was unpalatable and they didn't have a lemon, lime, orange or anything wedge to make it slightly less offensive.  My friends that live in Phoenix told me though, this is just the way it is there.   All in all, I certainly won't be rushing back but there is plenty of room for positive improvements.
4	Came here a few months ago for dinner with a friend of mine who had told me about it.  Neither of us had been to Pizzeria Bianco, but wanted to try their pizza without the wait (I've heard horror stories about lines down the block to get in), so we headed over to Pane Bianco.  If you order your food to go here, you can sit out front at the picnic tables and they'll bring it out to you.  We ordered the pistachio/rosemary pizza and gnocchi with pork ragu.  While we waited for our food, we went next door to Lux and got a couple of sodas.  It seemed like a cool place to check out sometime, but I digress.  The pizza was good.  There was no sauce, so obviously it was pretty dry, but the flavor was nice.  The gnocchi was good, but kind of greasy.  I would definitely come back here to try another pizza and maybe get another pasta dish or try a sandwich.
3	This was supposed to be my trip to have the best pizza in America. So imagine my disappointment that they don't even serve it at lunch. What human who eats pizza thinks it should only be served at dinner?  Whaaat?  I have since been kindly corrected by another yelper that this restaurant isn't the pizzeria. My party was confused, since the server said they DO serve pizza...at dinner. The soprassata focaccia sandwich was fine, but overpriced by about $3. I don't live here to try it again, so the first impression is the only impression. I'll leave it to all you foodie hipsters to prop up the rating.
5	They do it right and the hype is true.  This is not the spot for the world famous pizza which you hear about (although you can get it here at night).  That's another restaurant owned by the same people.  This restaurant is simple and classic.  It's super fresh and everything is made by hand.  I spoke with the owner and he has a machine that grinds his own flour and everything.  If you like authentic Italian food this is a must stop.  Everything you order will make you so effing delighted you won't be able to see straight.  If the owner is there talk to him about food.  He will bring you things to try.  He's happy you are happy about his food....and that makes eating a pleasure.
5	Love it.  Perfect lunch spot.  This is NOT the pizza place folks...go here for salads and sandwiches and they will not disappoint.
5	This place in fantastic they pay attention to every detail from ingredient selection, perpetration, food pairings and customer service. I have food allergies and the head chef will take time to discuss any of the dishes with me. Several time they know the ingrdients as well as the name of the farm the ingredients come from.And Let me say all of this show up in the food. The sandwiches are some of the best I have had anywhere certainly the best in Arizona.
4	Great flavor.. i tried the Prosciutto, mozzarella, and basil. Loved it, definitely will be going back again.
4	Yes, glad I finally tried Mr. Bianco's famed sandwich spot.  Added bonus was that they now serve pizza next door, no more 2 hour wait. The food is fresh and delicious.  Every dish is a culinary masterpiece and a palette pleas-er.  I would suggest the Mozzarella Sandwich (a Caprese on bread), but always check out the daily special.  Decent selection of craft beers and wine.  Just go and enjoy.
4	The best mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich in town. The bread is to die for.
5	It is simple.  The best ingredients put together in the best possible way.  The menu is very limited so don't take a picky eater here.  The bread is amazing.Love to go there for lunch to get a sandwich, and now they are open for dinner where you can get a pizza without having to brave the craziness of Pizzeria Bianco.
4	Pane Bianco is Pizzeria Bianco's younger brother.  Not as much hype makes for little to no wait with the same great food.  It's proximity to my house makes stopping by to grab a Biancoverde pizza and salad for dinner easy, and it never disappoints.
5	I dream about Pane Bianco's rustic loaves. On a weekend trip to Arizona I stumbled upon this joint. I bought a loaf of bread and gobbled it down in minutes. The next day I returned for another loaf. I couldn't get enough.The bread: perfectly salty, with a crunchy crust, and fluffy crumb. I am now hunting for a comparable loaf in my hometown, Los Angeles.
4	Ohhh this place is the bomb if you're craving a true artisan sandwich. It's a little pricey for a sandwich, but when the bread is made in house in a wood-fired oven, the mozzarella is made fresh in house, it is all worth it to me. The quality of ingredients is what is so fantastic about this lunch spot. It's not too hard to throw some mozzarella, tomato, and basil on some bread. BUT I bet you couldn't do it anywhere near the delicious-ness that this restaurant serves them up. TRY: the mozzarella basil sandwich it is phenomenal. Also, the Sopressata w/ aged provolone & wood roasted peppers is mouth watering.  If you are ordering the tuna sandwich, be prepared to have it Mediterranean style (olive oil instead of mayo).
4	It takes me 25 minutes to drive there and it is well worth it. The food is phenomenal and considering its quality, the price is just right. The staff is also fantastic.   I am particularly fond of Tom who s very energetic and engaging.Pane Bianco is an absolute gem and the kind of place I don't mind driving 25 min to get there. The fact that they are right next to Lux is also a plus.However, I can't say the same about dinner where I had the lasagna...For $ 16, it was an abomination, all there was in there was some tomato sauce, bechamel and meat sauce...no cheese or meat sauce...altogether a huge disappointment. Never having dinner there again...
4	Simple, delicious and satisfying. This is the type of meal I crave on a daily basis, nothing fancy, just a simple and healthy meal. Small menu and easy to order from. Other than sandwiches and soups, they offer flatbreads, small entrees, desserts and I think pastries. Tried the tepary bean soup with broccoli and cauliflower, and the tuna salad sandwich. Soup was hearty and delicious, reminded me of the Persian soup called Ash Reshteh in color, flavor and texture. Tuna sandwich was delish, not the typical mayo filled tuna salad but instead topped with balsamic vinegar and arugula. Mmm. Friends had the tomato mozzarella sandwich and prosciutto sandwich, both licked their plates clean. Meal comes with complimentary bread which was used to dip into the soup. They also offer the local Arizona brew, Sun something (?), a nice light beer, very easy to drink. Will definitely return to try other items, the lamb arugula sandwich looks good! Menu must change often because they didn't have that in the menu on my visit. Really feeling the hip/somewhat rustic decor.
2	I used to be a huge huge fan of this place.  But, recently they seem to have quality control issues.  One issue has been the bread---which used to be nothing short of awesome.  One a couple of recent visits (off the lunch time rush) the bread tasted like it had been sitting around (in one case, the sandwich was inedible).  A second issue has been seasoning, which used to be perfect.  In one case, the sandwich lacked any taste and in another case, the moz was unevenly salted.  All of these are "sins" that are excusable from an ordinary sandwich shop with ordinary prices.  (Well, the inedible sandwich isn't excusable...)  But, I expect much better from PB.
5	Came here for the first time yesterday with my co-workers. It's up the street next to Lux Coffee. They have daily specials for lunch. I got a sandwich, which was amazing. A little bit pricey, but the food was quick and the staff was friendly.
5	What in the world is Chef Chris doing to that tuna fish sandwich? You want the BEST tuna fish in the world?!?  GO TO P.B. try the buffalo mozzarella & tomato sandwich as well. Heaven on a plate!
4	The food is tasty, reasonably priced, and the atmosphere is nice. The problem is that the establishment is inundated with hipsters. I think Lux drives them to Pane Bianco.
5	The farmer salad, the bread, and then the pizza. Who says you can't get great pizza outside of NY. Great meal. Worth a drive.
5	I had heard so many rave reviews about this place, and they were all completely justified! This was easily the best sandwich I've ever had. Highly recommend!
1	WOW! That is the first word that comes to mind. I called to make a lunch business meeting reservation and you'd thought I was asking them to sponsor the lunch! I was told that they really don't like business meetings taking place because of shift change and how long they take. I reacted with asking him if I should seek another restaurant to make my reservation that can accommodate the meeting. He rebutted with "well I have your name down" and then click. This bothered me so I called back to cancel my lunch meeting with the manager. After being "disconnected" once I was finally able to share my story and cancel my reservation with the manager. The manager was really nice though. Yikes, this is not customer service of any kind. It's sad because I really wanted to try something new (sad face)!
5	i always drive around this area searching for a new lunch spot but end up pulling in and getting the mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich. I have not been disappointed once, and today was no different.
5	They have the same Pizza at night as Pizzeria Bianco without the wait. I had the Sonny Boy and it was delicious!
5	The soup is yummers today!  Absolutely fabulous!  I do wish they would offer a soup and sandwich option, though.
3	Friend invited me for a late lunch here. I had the Mozzarella, Local Tomato, & Basil sandwich. Sandwich was OK. I thought the Focaccia was a bit on the tough side. I'll have to give this place another try. I do want to purchase their bread to take home. Hope to return soon.
3	After reading the reviews, I was expecting more. Pane Bianco is okay. It is a little expensive for what you get. I had the tomato, basil, and mozzarella sandwich for lunch. The mozzarella slab was huge and disproportionate to the tomato and basil. It was just too much of one flavor. I feel lucky that I had someone to trade sandwiches with halfway through the meal. The tuna was okay though nothing special. The iced tea was good, and I appreciate that.  It is often hard to find decent iced tea.  I also enjoyed the rice pudding.  I would try Pane Bianco again, but I think it will always be too much of the same flavor.
5	Incredible gourmet pizza, tons of rich flavor but ultimately light food. Lovely, interesting atmosphere and attentive, helpful staff. Try it before word gets out and it becomes tough to get in.
2	You know I've been eating Chris's pizza for about ten years now and the pizza I had today was just as great as the first one I had years ago.  However, if the little princess working the counter doesn't give a shit if I am there or not and the best she can do is hand me my pizza and the wrong salad with a "here you go," I can just as easily drive through federal pizza a few blocks north where the people who work there couldn't be any nicer.
5	Pizza, escarole salad and lasagna are perfection. Sauce is unbelievable.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch at the newly renovated "sit down" side of Pane Bianco. I had been to the "to go" side before but wasn't all that impressed by either the service or the food, but this time I was blown away by the simplicity and elegance of the place. Our mozzarella tomato & basil sandwiches were divine, they left us feeling light and airy, not bloated or stuffy. Very gourmet, high quality stuff here. The bread is to die for. The surroundings are rustic and chic, yet you don't have to dress any certain way to dine here, which I like because it takes the pressure off and you can just relax. I saw many families dining here, as well as couples like my husband and I. Would highly recommend!
5	The same pizza as Pizza Bianco but with no wait and plenty of seating.I always get the Margrita pizza which is out of this world (with a very smokey taste).Mexico cokes and community seating (as well as a bar to "belly up to").
5	Small and tasteful menu, nice decor, welcoming staff, great beer!
5	What?! I can get the same pizza as Pizzeria Bianco WITHOUT waiting hours?! AND the sandwiches are AMAZING! My husband brings me a mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich every weekend that I work, always a treat! Plus, I get to get Lux coffee next door to go with my sandwich :-)
5	Great lunchtime place as long as you know what to expect. Look at the menu before you go - see the menu photos here.The menu is very simple and consistent. It doesn't change much. There are daily specials but that doesn't give a great variety to the menu.What they do make is amazing! The bread is fresh, the meats and produce are tasty and simple. I've never had bad food here.The table service side, opposite the take-out counter, serves the same menu. You just get the convenience of a waiter or waitress. When I've sat at a table the staff is fast and attentive and has great suggestions if you want them.
5	Mozzarella sandwich ... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!  That is all.
5	Love the spresatta.  Excellent ingredients and mostly local!
5	Have never had a bad sandwich here. The bread is baked fresh in a brick oven on the premises by Super Mario and Luigi. The mozzarella cheese is fresh, soft and mild. I love the mozzarella sandwich; it's on the daily menu. But I would go adventurous and get the market sandwich for the day. It's always different but I have never been disappointed. They now also give you a tasty cold bean salad when you order a sandwich. Strong onion flavor but a nice touch with the mozzarella sandwich. A sandwich from here and tropical iced tea from Lux next door make for a meal for the gods.They only serve sandwiches to go until 4pm. But you can enjoy the nice French, Bohemian chic dining area if you want a nice dinner.
5	Chris Bianco, you knocked this one out of the park. Every time I go I get the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich. Their ingredients are so fresh and delicious, there is really nothing quite like it. But it's their bread what makes it especially fantastic and unique. To people visiting Phoenix, you should make a point of going here, and to Phoenicians who have not been, shame on you.
4	I really like there sandwiches. Very different from other places, I just wished that the bread is always made fresh to order just like the pizza then it would have been amazing. Definitely recommend it...
5	Next to Lux - and nice to go to after a caffeine sugar high from a Soy Mocha. Friend and I got the Mozzarella sandwich. The bread was delicious and it came with a freshly made side cabbage salad (which I think changes each day/week). I recommend asking for some balsamic vinaigrette on the side. The sandwich is even better when you dip in that. Sorry to modify, but really, it's like a caprese on a sandwich. Just needs it! Staff seems to be all guys. Maybe just every time I go... but they are always super friendly. Great Vibe. Note: Not a ton of vegetarian/vegan nor gluten free options unfortunately.
4	QUALITY QUALITY QUALITY!That is what makes this place great!They understand that good quality ingredients don't need too much to be delicious. That is the basic principal of REAL Italian cooking and they get it.The food is simple but delicious. Everything is fresh.My favorite? The Tuna Sandwich with Arugula on fresh bread. Simple. Delicious. Perfect.
5	Bread is fabulous. mozarella sandwich great. parking is difficult. staff nice . pleasant.
5	Pane Bianco is among the best in the valley when it comes to quality, flavor, and service. I got my order To Go, so I can't speak for the Dine In service, but I was greeted with a smile and got the full first-time rundown from the guy at the front. I ordered the mozzarella sandwich and was so happy I did. Their mozz is made in-house, and let me tell you that makes all the difference. The bread was crispy and the trio of mozz/tom/basil was to the T. The atmosphere is lax and airy, perfect for lunch. They also have an outdoor patio with misters, which always seals the deal for me.Overall, if you're looking for food that's made with love, go to Pane Bianco.
5	Super nice staff, very cute decor.  A hip, cool place.  Not too crowded at lunch
5	Stumbled upon this place for lunch. Lucky me.
5	Pane Bianco has changed in recent years - and they have only made the place more wonderful. I appreciate the expansion, as it makes the place a wonderful spot to meet friends for lunch without feeling cramped or overheated (by sitting outside). The french press coffee is to die for, and I can't wait to come back and try dinner! I had the soppressata which was just as delicious as I remembered from 8 years ago. And yes, I am a vegetarian!I also purchased some Hayden Flour Mill pizza flour that I cannot wait to try! It's incredible to me that they mill all that flour out back! Talk about eating local - it's locally grown wheat, milled right there in the back, packaged under their roof and sold to you. It's like a dream. So go - grab some to-go, meet friends, take your kids, and eat. good. food.
4	I have been coming to Pane Bianco since before the twins were born and before they expanded.  I love my fresh Mozzarella sandwich.  I had an appointment in downtown PHX, so I could finally get a fix.  It had been a few months since I had been able to go and get my sandwich.  I do agree with Iain B.  $10 for a sandwich is pretty hefty, but I cannot help but stop by when I am without the twins.  I was able to sit down at one of the picnic tables outside, yes it was hot, but that is why I live in AZ,  and enjoy my book while I ate my yummy treat.  My husband usually gets the Market sandwich, I had a taste of a few, they are really good, but nothing beats my choice.
5	My husband and I went to Pane Bianco when we were driving through Phoenix and we absolutely loved it! Incredible food, service and decor. Pane Bianco had a very warm and friendly vibe. The bread is to die for!
5	Absolutley fantastic meal! Everything handmade onsite and fresh! By far one of the best the best meals I've ever had! Coming back tomorrow for lunch! Amazing service as well!
3	I came her for lunch with a co-worker. I was disappointed with the lack of options (I'm a picky eater). We both got the soppressata sandwich and a bowl of veggie soup. I LOVED the soup, who know I would actually eat cauliflower and like it? The sandwich was good, but I'd rather have a pizza- which they only do for dinner. I was able to score a bottle of olive oil so I can roast my veggies- awesome! If I'm around here I'll be back, but I won't go out of my way to eat here.
5	Great lunch!  Mozzarella was wonderful. The handmade bread was delicious. Started off with some "Bites"  pickled veggies and fresh made green olives. The market salad and sandwich that my husband and I shared was delicious. Overall the quality, freshness and taste was superb. Our server was friendly and helpful. Even though it is quite a drive for us we will be back soon.
5	I've only eaten at the restaurant once and have ordered takeout from here numerous time as I live about a block away.Dine-in experience:I came here with a friend who raved about this place. I loved the restaurance. The atmosphere is low-key and romantic. The service is great, casual while still being professional and the food. Well It's owned by Chris Bianco (in some form or another at least) so do I really need to talk about how great the food is? Well if you're unfamiliar, the food is incredible! Take-out experience:I love that when I order something to go they know exactly how long it will take to be ready. It means I am not made to sit and wait while my food is being prepared and at the same time it means my food isn't sitting waiting for me to get there (their pizzas are paper thin and get lose heat quickly). The staff is always friendly and personable.I love that I can buy alive oils and maranara sauce there too. I'm going to try my hand at making pizza this weekend. I bought some pizza flour, maranara and oil from them yesterday.
5	Pane Bianco is a refreshing breath of air.After having a bad experience at Pizzeria Bianco, I was pretty hesitant to try Pane. My husband talked me into going, and I'm really glad that he did. Restaurant is located next to Lux, so parking is shared (either the small lot next to/behind the building or along the street).I really like the decor. The seating is mostly large tables with chairs and benches. It's dimly lit, with a small bar and a separate to-go section. Menu is small but sufficient and good. I like that you can order a pizza in addition to trying something a little different from Pizzeria.Eggplant parmigiana is lovely. It's small but rich, with a wonderfully crisp topping and rich eggplant inside. I like that it isn't bogged down in marinara and cheese. The honey lemon chicken is amazing. The chicken is extremely tender, and the accompanying apple slaw and potato salad are refreshing and delicious. The plating is very rustic, which I like.Service was good. We had a great time. I can't wait to stop in and try lunch sometime.
5	Fantastic ! This place never disappoints. The food is incredible and the owners brother is always so friendly and warm to the patrons. Highly recommend it! Great food incredible atmosphere!
5	Loved the place. Wonderful fresh food. Bread is something I would come here again for!The salad that came as side had yummy dressing and was well done. Great unique decor. One of those places that inspires me to be a restauranteur :).
4	We've been coming here for years and it's not new news but over the last year the menu here has changed. For Years I used to order the tuna salad because the sandwiches are too filling for me for lunch and it's gone now so I tried the chicken salad. The chicken salad was made with white meat chicken that was cooked well and was still was moist and tossed with a whole grain mustard lots of  apple and seemed sweetened with something. The greens underneath were very fresh and were garnished with a fresh ripe local tomato and it came with a piece of country bread. The salad was good and an above average salad but it was sweet.My husband always used to enjoy the sopressata sandwich and that one has also been updated to be made with roasted onions instead of the fire roasted red pepper. It's still a good sandwich but it used to be great with the red pepper mostly because of the natural juices the pepper added to the sandwich improved the flavor and the meaty texture of the pepper that made it easier to eat. The onions are good but not the same but it was nice that it came with a small side of apple slaw. They also don't give out the candies anymore with your meal.The bread is special from here as it's made with local heirloom grains.
2	I love Pane Bianco--but sadly they have priced me out of their market  for the most part when it comes to sandwiches.  $13 for their tuna sandwich is outrageous--and beyond a price point that I am willing to pay under any  circumstances.  At 9 or even 10 I thought it was reasonably fair and allowed for a tip--at $13  it is not affordable and there is nothing left over for a tip.  I am so sorry that I won't be having lunch there anymore with any kind of frequency.
4	Went here with a friend.    I had the "market salad," which included prosciutto, pomegranates, persimmons, among many other ingredients.   It is amazing  how putting the right ingredients together affects the dish one eats.   It was one of the "specials" of the day.   Marco, the brother of the owner, was most attentive.    The person I went with is from New York.   Marco is from NY.    He is quite friendly, and is very good at making his guests feel welcome.     My friend told me about their pizzas.    Next time I shall not be distracted by their specials of the day and order the pizza.
5	Had really bad service that one time, but it's been great ever since. Bread has improved. (Maybe I got a bad loaf considering I normally love it?) Love the fresh local approach and fresh milled flours used.
4	The sandwiches at Pane Bianco are consistently amazing in taste and quality.  Pane makes their sandwiches from locally sourced ingredients and home made mozzarella, which is that extra kiss that you look for in any decent meal.  My regular favorites are the mozzarella, basil and tomato sandwich and the sopressata sandwich. Both are incredible.  My wife loves their tuna sandwich as well. Having said that, I do have one minor criticism... the evening menu.  For the love of god leave the sandwiches on the menu in the evening.  I have sat outside so many times listening and watching people leave when they go in to pick up a sandwich in the evening only to find out that  it cannot be obtained.  I even would love a Pane sandwich in the evening from time to time and more often if I knew I could get one.  :)
5	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Pane! I've been coming here for years. I've only eaten lunch here once and had the caprese sandwich (divine). But dinner! Dinner here is where it's at! Pane Bianco has the freshest ingredients for great prices. They serve the same six pizzas that you can find at their Pizzeria locations (without the hour+ wait times to get a table) for the same price ($12-16)! If you don't try the Rosa, with its perfect blend of red onion and pistachios, you are missing out. It's honestly the best pizza I've ever had in my ENTIRE LIFE(!!!) The margherita is also blissfully on point. They have seasonal dinner specials and I was really happy with a pear salad our server recommended. Did I mention their service? It's some of the best I've experienced. The servers know the food and are always quick to suggest something new.They have a bar section, a few small tables and plenty of communal-style table seating. The lighting is perfect, and you can always pop in next door to their take out section, order a pizza or a loaf of their fresh-baked bread and walk over to Lux for a latte. There is plenty of outside seating that they share with Lux, but I'm not too sure if they will serve you outside (definitely not if you're planning on having a glass of wine). Pane Bianco is a true gem of the downtown/uptown Phoenix area.
2	Pros: cool atmosphere, good service, good location, quality ingredientsCons: limited menu (3 salads, only 4 sandwiches at a place called bread), very frufruMore pros than cons on the list, but I didn't like my chicken salad sandwich even though the ingredients were of good quality. There wasn't much chicken but a lot of arugula and apples. I'm okay with some diced apple as a garnishment but there were so many that it overpowered the sandwich and made it too sweet. Not the savory taste I'm looking for with a chicken salad sandwich. Cool atmposhere, but not cool enough to go to and not be satisfied with the food.
5	Great place for lunch but the take-home bread was what really blew me away. Wonderful, rustic loaves with great crust and authentic flavor; these folks take great pride in their baking and it shows. Worth the drive for this alone.
5	Pane Bianco somehow got even cuter.  Since the last time we were here, they added a cool full service eat-in dining room where the cafe next door used to be. On this visit I had the Market Sandwich which this time was an Egg Fritata with spicy sopresota, manchego, tomato, greens and onion.  I actually thought the locally grown tomatoes were the star - much beefier and tastier than the grocery store tomatoes we get at home. I wanted more sopresota, but I got my fix with a piece of my sister-in-law's sopresota sandwich with aged provolone and wood-roasted onions. This is my favorite sandwich on the menu, which I ordered myself the last time we were at Pane Bianco. According to our server, the most popular sandwich is the mozzarella, followed by the sopresota.  I'd put all of these sandwiches up against any of the best sandwiches served anywhere.  Our kiddos loved the focaccia as well. They bake the awesome round bread in the wood-burning hearth you see when you walk in, they make and smoke the mozzarella on the premises and the veggies are locally sourced as well. Great place.  #amazingsandwiches
5	One word: LOVE! This place is right next to Lux Cafe. My group and I went here to have lunch after getting our java (and tea) fix next door at Lux. I ordered the Chicken Salad and it was delicious. They use locally grown tomatoes and you can really taste the difference - fresh and flavorful. I highly recommend it. My cousin got the mozzarella salad since she's a big cheese lover and it's also really good. We also ordered the focaccia appetizer - it was awesome. It reminds me of a high-end pizza bread. In summary, it's a cute, slightly hipster place to have brunch or lunch.
4	Great place for simple sandwiches and salads.  If you're looking for variety this is not the place for you.
5	I was in Phoenix for a day and found this place for lunch using Yelp. I must say that I really liked it. The place has a very laid back feel and has a very rustic and antiquated atmosphere. When we sat down, we were served immediately. Our server was really good. He was enthusiastic and was knowledgable about the menu. What we got: *Mozzarella Sandwich: This was really good. Fresh mozzarella served with tomato and fresh basil on split foccacia sandwiches and dressed lightly with olive oil. Extremely fresh, refreshing and light.*Chicken Salad: Fresh, juicy chicken and the dressing was refreshing. One small gripe: Cutlery was placed on the left instead of the right. Definitely will be back if I'm in the area!
5	Outstanding ambience, terrific service, and unforgettable food all come together in perfect harmony under the chic roof of Pane Bianco. The vegetable soup, house-made mozzarella sandwich, and chicken salad sandwich blew away any expectations, and were all washed down beautifully with the Sonoran Brewing Co. White Chocolate Ale that was recommended to us by our superb server. Easily one of the, if not THE best sandwich shop in Phoenix.
2	After my same-sex date and I sat down at the bar, it took more than 10 minutes (I was watching the clock) before the waiter first addressed us and only AFTER serving an opposite-sex couple who had sat down next to us FIVE minutes later.  I was very disappointed that we weren't served in the order in which we arrived.  We had gone to Pizzera Bianco the previous weekend and thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of the dining experience.  So, we had similarly high expectations for the Pane Bianco cafe.  We were disappointed.  If we weren't starving, we would've gone elsewhere.  We're not entirely sure that the unsatisfactory service was the result of our sexual orientation, but it was very suspicious.  The food was great, however, but we are certain that we will think twice before going to any more of the Bianco's restaurants.
4	Stopped by Pane Bianco with my girlfriend yesterday on our way to the park. We both got the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich. It was delicious. The service was great and outside seating was dog friendly. I definitely want to check this place out again to see what else is on their menu!Pros-Good food-Fresh bread-Nice outside seatingCons-little pricey
1	The worst tuna sandwich I ever had and the most expensive.
5	I have eaten almost everything on Pane Bianco's menu! Their market sandwiches never disappoint; the flavors in the  slow roasted pork are crazy good, the mozarella  sooo fresh, you feel like  thanking the cow. My favorite pizza is a tie between the rosa and bianco verde - 2 entirely different pizza experiences. One features pistachios and caramelized onion(rosa) and the other,  arugula atop amazing cheese.  Both put me in an exceptionally good mood and I relish every single biteI have no idea how they make everything so delicious but keep the magic going! An added plus? The rice pudding is unbelievable and the hospitality they show their customers sets the bar! Every star, well deserved! These people have my respect!
2	Decent food but the service is very hit and miss.  Usually miss. So disappointing considering the hype.
4	This place is small yet super cute.I got the Tomato basil mozzarella.  Yummmmmmmm it's a must!!!
5	One of Phoenix's hidden gems!  No longer do you have to wait 2 hours to get Phoenix's best pizza at Pizzeria Bianco. Now you can go to Pane Bianco and get either pizza or a wonderful home cooked meal.  And, I do mean, a Home Cooked Meal... Old world Italian style with a kick!  One of my favorite places in all of Phoenix.
4	The atmosphere at Pane Bianco was the first thing I noticed when walking in... I definitely felt like I stepped out of Phoenix and into a quirky European bistro.  Menu is limited for lunch but the options were solid and made my decision difficult!I ended up going with the market sandwich which on that day, featured a sunny side up farm egg, burrata and asparagus and it was DELICIOUS.  A much larger portion than I expected, when combined with the high quality of the ingredients, justifies the slightly higher price.  My DP decided on a slice of their famous pizza, which are reheated slices during lunch.  I was kind of disappointed by this, but the bite I stole from him was still crunchy, cheesy, and tasty, so it didn't seem to make a difference.  I know it's only March, but my east coast skin was roasting in the sun at the tables out front.  An umbrella would have been delightful, but that's literally my only complaint.  Great food, service - I'd definitely return!
2	I award two stars because the bread is, indeed, fantastic.  Other than that, I was underwhelmed by the pretentiousness.  The decor is painfully cute.  No, this is not what casual but sophisticated places look like in Europe, although communal tables are common overseas.  The menu is very limited and each dish seems designed to wow with an ingredient one wouldn't expect.  Why not just make something that tastes good?  Why does it have to be "different" just to be "different"?  I had the chicken salad.  The chicken was good but there wasn't much of it.  It was somewhat overwhelmed by mustard and the rest of the salad consisted of a pile of arugula and dates.  Forgive me if I sound like a rube for never experiencing dates with mustard before.  But I won't be doing it again.  If the pizzas available at Pizzeria Bianco are also made here, that wasn't clear from the menu the day I visited.  There was a pizza of the day, again with some unusual addition designed to turn heads.  I'm sure the ingredients such as the fresh herbs and house-made mozzarella are superb here as they are in Bianco's other establishments, but they SHOULD BE given the prices.  Get the bread to go.  Otherwise the main reason to dine here is to be seen somewhere that Phoenicians who never leave the Southwest think is European.
1	Whenever I get to Phoenix, I always stop by for some bread. I went there at 10:20 am to pick up some fresh bread. The young girl behind the counter told me they weren't open until 11. I told her I just wanted some bread, it was siting right there. She again told me no. I asked for the manager. A young female manager came out and basically told me that she couldn't sell me the bread. I asked her if was against the law or something and then she said  the "drawer" wasn't out yet. I explained again that I just wanted some bread, not a sandwich or anything else. She again told me no. Obviously this woman manager and the counter girl should not be employed in a retail/sales environment. And, since they obviously don't need or want my money I won't be back.
5	I was in Arizona this past weekend and stumbled on to this quaint little restaurant -- I Hab a chicken dish cooked in a tangerine sauce and these fabulous beans like fava beans and a salad with onions and red cabbage oh my god I thought I had died and gone to heaven - not to mention the Bar tender and the hostess who served us -- thank you Pane Bianco ... My friend had a pizza and it was so fresh all the  ingrediates  were great !!!!
4	fantastic sandwiches on fresh baked bread, right off the light rail. they serve some of the same famous pies/ dishes as Pizzeria Bianco with less of a wait/ busy room. definitely hit this up!only reasons it doesnt get the full 5 stars: limited menu, every time i want to try the deserts they are out of the flavors i want. other than that, love it. the caprese sandwich is one of the best in town!
5	* FRESH LOCAL INGREDIENTS made with love ** Serves same pizza as Pizzeria Bianco but has spacious seating *before going to the airport, we had two more hours to kill. decided to check out Lux Cafe and what do we see?  PANE BIANCO!!! IT'S A SIGN!! heheh.  we were planning to visit pizzeria bianco and pane bianco on our weekend getaway. thought we were going to leave phoenix without it but we already dined at pizzeria bianco. we weren't planning to actually eat too much. no pizza this time since we wanted to try other items.it's a HUGE space. i recommend people to visit pane bianco versus pizzeria bianco since you can 1) seat more, 2) there isn't a line, 3) they serve the pizza. in fact, i like the rustic decor. brendan told us that lux cafe used to be in half the space until they acquired their own building next door. pane bianco was able to become much bigger.i was asking brendan so many questions, cuz that's what i do!! haha..he was more knowledgeable than the waitresses at pizzeria bianco or the cashier girl at pane bianco. guess it's not everyday people like me appear.  brendan was probably thinking that that was the reason they tell you what they use, the process, the history when he was hired to work there. some diner like me would be testing him. (he passed. heheh)on the board, there is a daily special. happy hour is 3-7pm daily -- $2 off beers.(the foccacia sandwiches are on the lunch menu)complimentary bread with EVOO. i felt that the bread here was slightly better than the one at pizzeria bianco. but really, it's the same bread.meatballs (side order) - i had my eyes on the meatballs...staring at the photos on the computer screen, so i knew this was what we were having. 3 good sized meatballs made from GRASS FED BEEF with crushed tomato sauce that was divine and a basil leaf. LOVE LOVE!!! market salad - they change it up daily/monthly but they follow a flavor palate. this time, it was a lighly dressed citrus viniagrette on a bed of arugula, oranges, candied pecans, and goat cheese. just what we were looking for.when we were at pizzeria bianco, we were so full that we didn't get to try dessert.this time, we ordered the vanilla rice pudding. when i was reading about it, other people said that it was enough for two.  well, it was a much more generous portion than i had imagined!!  it was topped with boysenberry jam and not too sweet.  perfect ending to our 'light' meal'.there are currently two pizzeria biancos (we didn't go to the other location) and one pane bianco. plans are in the works to expand adding a pizzeria bianco in tucson for the future. FIRST STOP, Pizzeria Bianco.LAST STOP, Pane Bianco.HAPPY EATING!!! =D
5	Delicious gourmet food, wonderful location, pleasant service and never a wait!  This is the place to go to get some delicious Chris Bianco pizza!!  We've been here many times, so we've tried several of the pizzas, sandwiches and salads.  Everything is excellent - heavy gourmet flavor (without creating heavy food), fresh ingredients (like locally-sourced goat cheese), delicious crusts/breads...  My husband once brought home a loaf of bread and a jar of fig jam from here, and it was also delectable!The service is really warm and the staff is knowledgeable.  The place is adorable, with a country chic decor and the nooks and crannies of a cool older building.  It's conveniently located right next to Lux coffee shop.  I should note that we've also been to another Bianco restaurant and the food and service weren't nearly as good.  This is definitely my go-to Bianco!
5	If I could eat one sand which for the rest of my life (can't have captain nemo's in placenta, ca since it went out of business decades ago) it would be this tomato, basil, mozzarella sand which on that perfect bread!  Just the perfect amount of seasoning.....I want one now!!!  Love how one can get a sandwich there and a drunk from lux and enjoy the patio!
5	Pane Bianco doubles as a fantastic bakery and restaurant. The menu items are made with the freshest of ingredients and delicious. The price is moderately high for lunch but definitely worth it. The decor and interior work wonderfully together to give you a very pleasurable dining experience. The most unique part of the interior is the bar which I was told was salvaged and was formerly an alter. Staff is friendly and knowledgable about the menu, ingredients, and specials.A little known secret is that Pane Bianco is owned and operated by the same family who owns Pizzeria Bianco and you can get the same exact pizzas here even though they are not listed in the menu. All the same great taste, without any of the downtown wait for a table.A must try location for anyone in the uptown area.
5	Awesome place! Love the revolving menu. The Tres leche w rhubarb was to die for. Highly recommend it!
4	Pane Bianco is one of those neighborhood places that we've wanted to try for years but somehow haven't gotten to.  So I suggested it for lunch today and off we went.  We were very pleased all around.  The ambiance is great- kind of rustic Italian chic with low and high tables, a bar, and a takeout area next door.  The service was fantastic.  It took maybe 3 minutes to get our food, although sandwiches and salads aren't too taxing to make, and it wasn't crowded.  Still, it was noted and much appreciated.  I got the Caprese salad.  I debated between that and the sandwich, but finally decided on the salad because it did come with bread (which I definitely wanted to try, it being PANE Bianco, but sometimes sandwiches are just too bready).  I spent 2 weeks a couple of years ago literally eating my way through Italy on Caprese salads, and this was as good as many and better than some.  The tomatoes were red ripe and tasty.  The mozzarella was fresh, and it had just the right amount of basil, olive oil, and salt and pepper.  Yum- thinking about it now makes me hungry all over again.  The bread was as expected, fresh and crusty.  I also got the pickled vegetables, which were good and interesting.  It was a plate of baby carrots, onions, cauliflower, and peas pickled in what seemed to be apple cider vinegar, so they were sweet and sour at the same time.  Sweet Pea got the Soppresata sandwich, which came with the chile Soppreseta today (which was great, as we are both notorious spicy hounds), and he really enjoyed it.  It also came with sort of a saucy cold bean salad, I think they were lima or fava beans, which he didn't like but I LOVED.  I ate all of his too.  They serve Mexican sodas but aren't too precious about it- always appreciated.  We will definitely be going back, and I will go by the takeout for a loaf of bread when I'm having a party.  Good to know there is a good bread bakery around!
4	This place is so quant I LoVE it!! Try the traditional marguerite pizza it is soo yummy and thin crust with a great crunch! I will definitely be returning
3	Had the chicken salad sandwich and was not impressed. Bread was whatever. Setting is cool but I probably won't be back. Expected more from these yelp ratings.
5	Love this place! Farm fresh fruit and veggies. Desserts and bread made from scratch. The pizza is the best in the city. Daily quality control is recognized and appreciated. Art work for the most part has been done by family members of the owners. Establishment supports local growers and brewers. Meat is from happy grass feed animals. Highly recommend you stop in and say hello to John and Armando who are always on site. One last piece of information some will appreciate: It does not feel like a corporate "look at me, I'm here" type of restaurant. People who eat at this place understand the value of nutritional food that tastes awesome. The only negative is that the parking lot is shared with Lux Cafe and at times parking is a problem.
5	I learned what a real tomato tastes like eating Pane Bianco's tomato, moz and basel sandwich.  It actually smells like a tomato is supposed to smell like.But as good as the sandwiches are, my favourite is the slice of flat bread pizza they sell.  I don't know how they do it, but the tomatoes seem to meld into the bread with some sort of chemical effect that, along with the freshly-made and freshly-baked dough tastes even better than traditional pizza.
5	When I came here I had a flashback and thought I was back in Italy. Pane Bianco does only a few things but it does them right. I came here for lunch on hot day and ordered the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwhich on their homemade foccacia and a vegetable soup with parmigianno. With the temperature as it was, the soup was a mistake, albeit a delicious one.The sandwich was incredible. The bread was fresh and full of flavor, the mozzarella was creamy, and the basil added a nice crunch. Not to mention, they do not short change you on the portions; it was a massive sandwich.They had salads as well and the place is great for takeout or eat-in.As if the place wasn't awesome enough, it's right next to Lux, which is the coolest coffee shop I've ever been to. So grab a sandwich and an espresso and feel like you're in Italy for 10 minutes. Or at least until you realize it's 115 degrees.
5	Tried chicken sandwich. Pizza. And mozzarella sandwich. One thing. Its not for the people who want a hearty lunch. But very hip and cute place for a lunch. Very health conscious. Not a burden for the ladies and gents who still want to eat out But not gain 10 lbs. Very flavorful.
5	We just fell In love with Pane Bianco. How could you not? Well on a very warm summer day my wife and I stopped off at Lux coffee next door for coffee. While drinking our coffee the suggestion was brought up to go try Pane Biance. Why not. We walked in and sat at the bar after we made sure we could bring in our coffees. I really liked the old style farm house decor of the restaurant. So simple, yet done so classy. It welcomed you inside. We both were not super hungry but decided to share a sandwich. I don't remember the name but it was the only one with Italian meat. Wow, simple, but amazing. We loved it, the bread was just the perfect amount if chewy put soft and the sandwich had flavored thanks to the I taipan meat and onions. Also the sandwich was super big so the 2 if us easily shared and were satisfied. Service from the bartender was very good and polite. I'd love to come back and try more. I'm giving it 5 stars because I know Bianco put a lot of his heart and soul in his businesses and they have never I disappointed me. And for the fact the sandwich hit the spot and we enjoyed the bartenders company. We will totally be back soon to Pane Bianco!
4	Pane Bianco is like the kid that people like because he's related to his "cool" older brother.  Overall it's a nice restaurant.  The prices are a tad expensive, but reasonable and the menu is small but adequate.  It won't blow your socks off, as evident by the fact I can't remember what sandwich I ate there.  I won't go out of my way to eat here again, but it's conveniently located next to a great coffee shop so I'm sure I'll be back.Bottom line: if you come here you will enjoy it, and you won't be shocked at your check.  But don't expect to be amazed by the food
1	Went for dinner on a Tuesday at 7 pm (July 1). Their own website says they are open until 10 pm. Their voice message on their phone says the same. Drove 30 minutes to have a meal here. Later a friend pointed out their Facebook page says they are closed for the week (4th of July week). Ridiculous to update one place and leave others unchecked.  Waste of my time to try a new place.  Won't bother coming back if they can't communicate adequately.
5	We recently took a roadtrip to Arizona. Pane Bianco was my favorite lunch in Phoenix. The foccacia sandwich, bean soup, and watermelon salad (special) was all very good! The atmosphere is so beautiful and cozy. The staff incredibly friendly!
5	The food is GREAT!  I love the tomato and basil sandwich, so fresh - I think the bread is amazing!  You can see them in back making it - old school style and it makes a difference.  Also, they make a great tuna sandwich, it isn't on the menu but you can ask for it and it is also worth a try :0)Only downside, the place gets packed - because it is good!  and the seating is limited, get there early and consider take-out b/c they may not have a place to sit.  Its all about the food!
3	Okay, to start off, we were a happy little group of caffeinated mid-twenties sisters with a nine month old. They were great about the little one, promptly bringing out a high chair and making us feel welcome. Then the mediocre service began. The server recited the specials while staring at the board and then walked away. They were inattentive as we tried for about fifteen minutes to catch one of the two servers' eyes when we were finished. Granted, we had eaten about half of the food, so it very well could have looked like we were still eating.The reason we had eaten half the food was because it just wasn't that great. The market special sandwich that day was roast lamb with escarole, which I was stoked about. The bread it came on was kind of tough and the meat lacked flavor. It could have used some sweet peppers or something for some contrast. Just a bit blase, imo. The mozzarella salad was lovely as expected, and the pickled veggies were nice. I can't say I'd return, but it was nice to finally check out as it is right next to Lux.Tipped the server well since she was putting up with a baby who repeatedly threw the menu on the ground, giggling.
5	Just popped in for a drink while we waited next door to be seated, but definatley want to return. The place is a converted house that looks about a hundred years old. The barkeep was cool and seemed very knowledgeable about his craft, however there were only three tap. I saw a pile of board games so I liked it immediately! Also, happy hour is from 3-7 so our order was only eight bucks. Neat little place :-)
5	love this place. great pizza and sopresatta sandwich is amazing. decoration is a beat up place so not a good place for first date. nice out door patio to sit. also amazing coffee place next door LUX..which is very vibrant and a good place to hang out or even quite study room. highly recommend this place. last time i was there they accidently messed up my order and i ended up with 2 pizza. and i finished both..so gooood.
5	Let me start off with a complaint, it was super cold in there. Luckily, my office is just as cold and I had a sweater with me. Mujer precavida vale por dos. My coworkers and I visited this place as part of our weekly lunch date.I suggested the place based on the Yelp reviews. I bet I will win employee of the month just for this. We all had the tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich. We all fell in love with it. A couple who was seated next to us complimented our plate cleaning abilities. The servers were attentive and if you are a fan of Ryan Gosling, you get to see his twin serve your lunch and refill your water, I was really thirsty for some reason.
5	Now that they have more reasonable hours, I popped in for a quick dinner I won't soon be forgetting. Seriously...this is one of the few spots on Central not open late!I made it at 7-ish, not realizing they closed at 8. I didn't want to be THAT GUY, but staff was definitely still eager to serve a first timer. We kicked off supper with bread and olive oil. Theirs was the best olive oil I've enjoyed on this side of the Atlantic. Delicious, even if the thick, fresh bread was a tad sweet for my taste. In mere minutes, I was delightfully presented with the "Sonny Boy", a simple pizza with soppressata + kalamata, or in painfully layman terms, pepperoni and olive. I usually hate olives, even kalamata, but these were good. There are limits to any desirable quality in a pizza. We don't want it to be too salty, and surprisingly this was not. We don't want the sauce, crust, or any singular element to overpower another aspect, and for the most part, it was all well balanced. I was able to appreciate it all. My only criticism is the cheese itself, which would be refreshing in a caprese or on a white pie, but was just not BOLD enough. It was too milky. Too fatty, even. After doing the most extensive research that has ever gone into a review, perhaps this is from using a more local product rather than the rare Mozarella Di Bufala variety that's hard to get your hands on, but has an unforgettable taste. It was so, so close to perfection. Or perhaps I've got some leveling up to do before reaching the status of a true cheese aficionado. Feel free to give your input. Overall, this is very VERY good pizza, decent bread, and great service. As they closed, they even gave us a complementary loaf to-go.  I was honestly hoping to just grab a sandwich, which I will return to do on the rare occasion I'm not on Central for the nightlife. I wish I could give a 4.5, but since they were nice, a full 5 stars it is. That's what being nice gets ya. =) PS--I still can't believe my Yelp friends bragged about waiting in line for 3 hours to get a Bianco pie back in the day. Dummies.
4	Really good lunch spot for takeout (the restaurant is divided into takeout and dine-in, and the dine-in portion is relatively small for large groups). I'm a big fan of the classic mozzarella sandwich and vanilla bean rice pudding. They don't have much on their menu online, but the few items they do have, they do really well. If you order takeout, make sure to call in 15 minutes before your pick up time so that they'll have it ready. Otherwise, you'll be waiting for your takeout. If you're going for a market sandwich, I recommend calling in to get their special. It can be a hit or miss. I got a market sandwich without calling once and ended up with a turkey sloppy Joe. It had a great taste but extremely messy and oily to eat.
3	The majority of the reviews are glowing, I wish we had the same experience. I went with the sandwich of the day which was eggplant parm. which was mostly bread and arugula. The sandwiches all come with a side salad. I kid you not, the side salad was no more than 2 tablespoons. I enjoyed the salad but would have liked more of it. This sandwich costs $10.00. I liked the sandwich, I wish there was more of it.My husband got some sort of meat & cheese sandwich. Two thinly sliced pieces of meat, 2 flimsy slices of cheese and roasted bell pepper does not equal a sandwich.  This sandwich costs $12.00. I feel like we were ripped off.
1	The sandwich and salad were good, but overpriced. However, the service was so bad, I won't be back. When we mentioned we'd like to move to the outside tables, the manager (?) said we couldn't take the silverware out there. Ummmm that's weird, but fine. I complied, left our silverware inside and proceeded out. Waited for him to bring us plastic ware as promised. After staring at our salads for a couple minutes, I poked my head back inside and he was chatting with another employee. Ok, just grabbed the silverware off the table to use until he brought us the required plastic forks. 15 mins later, we are done eating. Plastic forks never arrived. Refills of tea never arrived. Check never arrived. So my friend goes inside to pay the bill and mentions that we were completely ignored. This same manager proceeds to scold her for bringing out the forks! Wow. Not cool. Still not sure what the big deal was about the forks, but it really doesn't matter. I will not be returning here or to pizzeria bianco.
4	Tried this place for the first time today. Was looking for a good place to grab lunch before dropping some friends off at the airport.Like a lot of the places in the Central/downtown area the building is nothing to look at but is well decorated inside. The menu was really simple but the waiter let us know of a few ways to mix it up and I ended up with a Mozzarella sandwich with Soppressata on Focaccia. It was really, really good.The Mozzarella and the Focaccia are made in house which was an added bonus.The staff were friendly and helpful. The menu and bar was limited but the quality was high. It was no surprise to figure out this place is affiliated with Pizzeria Bianco.One downside is that it is on the pricy side, but considering how fresh the food was it was just about acceptable.I will be returning.
1	I've never eaten here, just had a friend describe to me how he was kicked out for "speaking spanish".  A bit in shock that a business in America thinks this is helpful in anyway.  If it's true then I suggest nobody eat here but Separatist douchebags.
5	One of my favorite places in town, yes !! Best pizza ever !! Customer service great!! Amazing staff !!!! Muy chingon
1	Make sure you ONLY speak ENGLISH at this restaurant or they will throw you out. Racism is alive and well here.
1	A friend was told that he had to leave the restaurant because he was speaking Spanish and it was an "English Only dining area." This place is foul. See the picture added above. It is so disappointing to know that when Arizona takes 2 steps forward an establishment like this brings it 5 steps back. Disgraceful.
4	This place was great! My friends and I came here (none of us had been before) and were thrilled with our find. The decor is vintage/garage sale/ farm house chic. I loved how each piece was clearly carefully selected. The best part- the food! We ordered the caprese salad, braised short ribs, margarita pizza and meatball hero sandwich to share. Oh my goodness, everything was delicious! The meat in the hero was so flavorful, the short ribs fell right off the bone and the housemade mozzarella and locally grown tomatoes were excellent. And they use all local ingredients! The sausage for the meatball hero was Schreiner Sausage and the bread was so crunchy outside and soft inside. We will definitely be back!
2	Just average. A recent lunch with 5 colleagues was disappointing in terms of service and food. The peppered beef market sandwich was overpriced and sparce.The bread dominated the sandwich, with barely 3 oz of sliced roast beef, and onions that were not even close to being considered grilled. The onions overpowered the flavor of the beef, and had no caramelization of frill flavor.  The sandwich was disappointing with just about a tablespoon of side coleslaw. Service was even more disappointing with fundamentals of serving ladies first, reaching across guests, and stacking silverware and plates at the table. Overall, a disappointing experience. Definitely not a good value, and service did not make up for mediocre food and portions.
5	It's been a few years since I have been here.  Nothing has changed except for the price!  The Sopressata Sandwich is still one of the best sandwiches on the planet!  It's $10.00 nowadays but it's still worth it.  Fresh bread, decent amount of sopressata and aged provolone plus it has wonderful roasted red peppers on it too.  The flavor profile is fantastic.  Service is friendly and the taste is great!  I did notice one thing different...they used to give you a piece of candy with your sandwich.  Today they gave me like a bean salad looking thing...I didn't even try it ;-).  I would have preferred a piece of candy instead. They even have a restaurant/full service side restaurant now too.  I shall be back!
5	This place is amazing! I had such a great experience. This was my first time here and I loved it. Some of the best mozzarella I have ever had, and the desert was fantastic, I don't really know what it was called but it was like an apple caramel cake thing and it was so good. The service was fantastic the people who work here are just super friendly and were very welcoming. I will most definitely be coming back!
5	Just bought some bread here to take home. EXCELLENT! Other than my own homemade Biga, best in the city.
5	This was one of those days where I was out and a bout and decided to stop in and see what this place was all about.  I have been following them on instagram for months.  Today they were featuring their version of the blt.  Some how they figured out how to transform the classic sandwich into the best blt I've ever ate.  The bread and bacon where the stars of this one with the garlic spread and heirloom tomatoes as the co-stars. This place is a winner!Food Guy Out!
5	Best lunch place in town
5	I was recently turned on to Pane Bianco by a pervious chef I used to work for.He had brought us in a Market Sandwich, and it was love at first bite.I was hooked from then on! The freshly made food, the atmosphere and service is top notch.And dinner now, forget it. Simple clean and delicious!
4	I'm a big fan of Chris Bianco's food and this place is really good!I had a soup and a sandwich and left pretty pleased with a full belly, a smile in my face and my wallet didn't suffer.I will have to go back to try more items of the menu!Cheers.
4	Decent place, stopped by for dinner for a friends birthday.  Food was good, but the real winner here is the service!
5	I love, love, love Pane Bianco. I have become nearly addicted, I have only had the mozzarella and basil sandwich, I don't know if I will ever get past the love of that sandwich. I mainly take out from there and sometimes eat outside, the guys who work there are amazing.
5	This dinner was so awesome I forgot to take a picture!  We got the antipasto and the Wiseguy pizza and it was perfect for the two of us! Great atmosphere too! Love it. Server was awesome too!
4	Good, but not as good as they think. Interesting cocktail, hipster vibe and good food, but nothing truly amazing.
4	Both the burger and the pork belly are excellent. Definitely worth the wait!
4	Pane Bianco is one of those classic restaurants that lives up to the hype. The burger is legendary and for good reason: a perfect balance of meat cheese and bread. And the ultra thin fries are salty eprfection.
