5	Qua has been only open for about two months and it exudes all the greatness of a new and world class spa.The offering is impressive with treatments that I don't even think Wikipedia has defined yet.  That being said, I went for the traditional massage and was very impressed.  I enjoy massages but am certainly not a spa aficionado; but I felt comfortable throughout my experience, received a fantastic massage and enjoyed all the other spa amenities that came with it.One note, don't forget about the roman baths.  Oddly enough, they are not near the other whirlpools and saunas and are easily overlooked.  Yet, they offer the coolest of the spa features.
5	My favorite spa experience by far. My lomi lomi massage wasn't anything super special (it was good, just didn't blow my mind), but the sauna, the steam room, the giant main bath room, the smaller bath room, and the cold room were INCREDIBLE. I will happily go back and pay the facilities fee just to use these fantastic amenities. Seriously.And I loved the robe so much, my bf got me one for Christmas. LOVE this place.
5	Qua is Caesar's brand new spa.  I booked a classic massage and was totally put at ease by the relaxing atmosphere.  The spa itself is huge.  I only saw half of it (too bad couldn't see the women's side).  The water theme is put to brilliant use.  The corridor leading to the spa entrance is dec'd out in waterfalls.  The roman baths are amazing!!  The huge multi-head showers, saunas, herbal steam rooms, ice room (yes it has a freakin snow machine!) are totally relaxin.   Soft music plays in the background, cool rain and cricket noises in the bathroom, sweet smells are pumped in throughout the spa.   My artisian (masseuse) was excellent, she didn't talk too much, but wasn't unfriendly either.  I went on a monday afternoon and practically had the entire spa to myself.  Yeah I'd really recommend that you hit up Qua while in vegas.
5	Ahhh...Quaaaa.....The spaaaaa....The syllable "ahhh" is about all I can manage here.  I went to Qua yesterday just for the Roman baths - which were only $35 mind you.  For your precious $35 you get access to the chlorine-free mineral baths which are hot tubs in three temperatures- warm (98 degrees), feckin hot (108 degrees), and  I'm freezing my ass off (70 degrees)  Couple that with lovely rainfall and this huge shower in the middle and you start off as an invigorated happy camper.  But next you hit the cedarwood sauna which bakes you at a cool 190 F.  It's dry heat, so it's bearable and it really helps your skin detox after washing for months in Chicago acid rain (bka tap water).  There is also the option for the regular chlorinated hot tub.  After the sauna, I sat in the herbal steam room for a bit and cleared my sinuses then finished off in the arctic room, complete with blowing snow.Post bathing, you can take a shower in the luxe bathroom, which is fully stocked with beauty products and curl up in a comfy robe while enjoying a cup of tea prepared by the "sommelier".  All in all it's a wonderfully relaxing experience, except for the fact that it's clothing optional...in some cases that can be a little jarring....
5	Qua, what can I say?  You had me at the first waterfall...and at the price of only $35 for the baths.  Seriously worth much more.  I was in Vegas this past weekend and this was the highlight of my trip.  It was a trip with families and we rented a house and didn't get to the strip much, but boy am I glad that we made the time to go to this spa.  Most of our group are new mothers with very young children (none over the age of 3)  and this was like heaven for us.  Someone bringing US juice and tea for once??? Giddy up!  You mean mama gets to have a bath for HERSELF?  Yipppeee!  Add in the fact that I got to blow dry my hair for the first time in about two years without having to worry about waking up a baby and/or having a little one tugging at my leg- it was pure heaven.
5	5 stars for the best $35 I've ever paid.  That went to 3 wonderful mineral baths, hot, warm, and cold.  They have wonderful shower-like water features and heated tile chaise lounge chairs.  They also have an aromatherapy steam room, a dry sauna, and a cool arctic blast room with some "snow" blowing down.  Sooooo lovely and relaxing.  You can also hang out in the comfy robe and get some tea and snacks.  You can hang there as long as you want to.  I didn't get any services but have no doubt that they would be just as appealing.  A great thing to do with a group of girls.....no reservations needed!
4	Usually I don't do the spa thing in Vegas.  I am to busy sleeping off the alcohol from the previous nights festivities and recharging for the next go 'round.  However, this time I was persuaded to go to Qua.  And it was a really great experience.  I opted for the foot reflexology massage and it was totally worth it b/c my dogs were BARKING.  The place is lovely.  The attendants were polite and helpful.  I honestly don't recall telling anyone about the screw in my foot but by the time I got to the room my attendant knew and took extra special care to make sure my frakenfoot was properly tended to.  Speaking of my attendant... he was cute and we had great conversation.  So for him alone = 4 stars.If I had one beef about the place... old ass nekkid women in the tubs.  I understand we are all women but I DO NOT want your wrinkled beaver soakin' next to me in the tub.  Give me the benefit of the doubt and at least put a thong on your shriveled ass!
5	Qua Spa is really nice! I have been to this one and Bathouse at Mandalay. The roman bath is really nice!I recommend going to a spa after walking around the Vegas strip (make sure you drop off your stuff in the locker then come back to the spa/gym) then getting ready and going out!I do want to want to check out the spa at the Venetian next time bec I have heard its the largest spa and  I heard it has a rock climbing wall in the gym!
5	Fantastic atmosphere.  Need to carry Male Species product line for men, obviously, that's what Caesar would want....Caesars is world class always has been, keep up the good work.  You keep us coming back for more!
4	A calm, peaceful experience. I went with friends and did not buy any extra services- I brought magazines and lounged while my friends enjoyed some of the amenities.  It cost $35 just for entry when I went, but for $35 you still get to enjoy a soothing environment, a few free things to nibble on like a bag of pretzels, small cans of beverages such as orange juice, and a choice of freshly brewed Aveda spa teas (yum).  The decor is beautiful throughout, and your $35 gets you into the spa pools and gym.  The lounge has a plasma TV and comfortable chairs.  I also lounged in the chairs in the pool areas.   The air is very humid- if you are a Vegas local, it is a real change from the dry air we usually have. My skin was very happy during the hours I lounged there!
5	Wow! A really well thought out spa and I have never seen a snow room before, totally novel and actually really relaxing after a long steam or sauna. The female locker room staff was very friendly and professional. My only complaint is the lack of readily available tea. The "sommelier" was more than happy to brew me a cup, but when I'm at the spa I tend to down copious amounts of tea- far more than I felt asking to have made for me! Make sure you check out the coed laconium, it's outside the main spa area and could be easily missed.
4	SOOO I finally went to this much anticipated SPA and had an overall great time. I didn't have the money to spend on the special treatments QUA offered, but I did have enough to enjoy the spa's roman baths and etc. I will try my best to list the pros and cons:Everything was very classy and upscale. However, come on...even though the name is spa, roman baths, etc etc...we all KNOW it's a freaking bathhouse...the romans may have done it ages ago, but us asians have also done it for ages and ages. :P ANYWAYS, I'm a veteran of Korean and Japanese bathhouses, and this one is on the top of list in terms of luxury (along with this one awesome bathhouse I went to in Japan). I loved the soft music in the background and the awesome decor of the place. It was truly relaxing and very peaceful. The roman baths were great, but nothing spectacular. The area where the roman baths are located had these cool heating chairs where people can just relax and take a nap or read a mag. Unfortunately, one of the chairs was not working, and I happened to sit in that particular one. It took me a long time to realize what was so special about the chairs...The tea room was also very nice. I kept on going back and forth from the tea room, to the baths, to the sauna,  to the tea room... etc etc. I lazily lounged on their couches while I drank my cranberry juice...and then my tomato juice...and then my water...:) It was awesome. One little thing i found annoying was that every so often, a working attendant would come with new customers and say, "this is the tea lounge where blah blah." I shouldn't complain b/c I was given that same tour when I first entered the spa, but yeah..after awhile it got a tad annoying.Another great feature of this spa is the three rooms: aromatic steam room, snow room, and dry sauna room. My mother LOVED the aromatic steam room and forced me to stay in there while the steam suffocated us. I personally thought the aroma was overpowering to the point of serious suffocation, but I miraculously managed to stay alive by covering my head with a towel and breathing through a cup filled with ice. haha. It's amazing how the 'older' asian generation can keep up with all the steam...for the love of beauty...incredibleAnyways, after the steam room we headed to the snow room, and that was nice at first. I was marveling at the snow that was gently falling down from the ceiling until I realized that it wasn't actually really snow....It's not even ice...it's more like..bubbles or something..or maybe the snow melted...i dunno...the room was nice nonetheless, and the cold wasn't too bad either..rather very refreshing.The shower rooms were very nice as well. Each was equipped with towels and shaving cream, body wash, shampoo and conditioner. The only thing confusing about this was wondering if each room was occupied or not. You seriously cannot tell, unless the person locks the door.  Lastly, the powder room was very well equipped with all the things one needs to use after a shower (minus facial moisturizers & q-tips). The only thing about this one was that the combs and brushes the spa provides you with (which are all kept in the sterilizer) were full of hair...now I know they are sterilized, but yeah, I could not get myself to use them...Ok, so that was it. To sum it all up. Very nice and luxurious. Prices INCREASED from 35 (?!) to 45...sucked...I think it is a tad overpriced for what it has to offer. If you think about it, all it comes down to is this: roman bath, three rooms (snow, steam, dry), tea room and shower. I KNOW i can the same thing in the asian spas all over Korea and Japan for half the price...but knowing that we are in America..perhaps this price is reasonable. For now, I'll leave it as this: great experience...but didn't feel genuinely like I got my money's worth...maybe it's just me:)
5	This place was really, really nice.  Very classy.  My cousin and I started our morning off at their gym - it was nice and spacious.  They had lots of equipment and ample exercise machines.  I liked how the treadmills had tv screens built-in - I was able to get my celebrity gossip fix while I ran.  Watching Nicole and Paris inspired me to keep running to burn more fat.There were lots of towels and a pretty good selection of juices.  We skipped breakfast so I had a few V8's to hold me over until after our massages when we could hit a buffet.Gina was my massage girl and she was amazing.  She has a background in sports medicine and she knew her stuff.  She gave me advice on improving my posture and pointed out some of my trouble spots.  No one has ever done that for me before.
5	I've been to Qua twice already in 1 month (2 different bachelorette parties). Funny thing is the price to use the facilities went up by $10 within 2 weeks of my visiting ($35-45). It's definitely worth the $45 bucks but if you get a service that costs $75+ you can get into the spa for free. Anyway, this spa is incredible and the nicest spa I have been to. I don't go to spas that often but the 2nd runner up is Nob Hill Spa at the Huntington Hotel (note: I have not been to Burke Williams). I can't even compare the two spas really because Qua is huge and there is just so much more to do there. There's mineral baths, multiple steam rooms, arctic ice room, saunas, lounge area with tea service, drinks (juices, water, tea), and snacks (pretzels, fruit) in the fridge that you can help yourself to. They also have all the toiletries, hair product and equipment you need to get ready after you're done. The only thing they didn't have which would have been nice is make- up remover. I have to say that I was more impressed with the staff on the 1st visit because I got a nice tour of the facilities and the place was well kempt. When I went with a different group of girls the 2nd time, they did not get a tour (I was the  tour guide) and there were used towels left everywhere...kinda messy. I still enjoyed myself and would come here again. Oh, the 2nd time I went I got my eyebrows and upper lips waxed and the asthetician did a great job. The rooms where one gets the services done are incredibly nice and comfortable. This is becoming a popular place for bachelorette parties which is good if you are part of the bachelorette party but bad if you are not because it can get noisy and crowded. I think Qua is less than 1 yr old so I can see them raising prices even higher in the near future.Lastly, I've never stayed at the Ceasar's Palace Hotel but it never fails that we always end up hanging out there...If not for the shopping, then for Pure, and now for Qua. What a great and fun place!
5	Fab-u-tabulous!  The facilities are top notch and my body scrub was warm and relaxing.  The roman bath room is very cozy, complete with heated tile chaise lounges and multiple waterfalls, all bathed in subdued lighting.  I spent several hours lounging here reading a book, snacking and drinking.  There are three bubbling baths: hot, warm and cold (very Goldilocks).   A separate jacuzzi is located near the steam room, dry sauna and arctic ice room.  I was a little disappointed in the ice room. Yes, it's cold (55 degrees) and has an ice dispenser, nice lighting and tile work, but the "snow" that falls from the ceiling is actually foam which has a slight chemical smell.Lots of great snacks, drinks and tea selection.  The waiting room area is nicely decorated.  Loved all of the amenities in the bathroom (shavers, toothbrush/paste, good hair styling products, etc).  Showers are fantastic and invigorating.  My body scrub was fantastic. My therapist was very friendly but not too in my face, so I felt relaxed.  A great mango hair and scalp treatment was included in the scrub.  My hair smelled great for days even after repeated shampooing.  I would go to Vegas just to visit this spa!
5	After reading all the rave reviews of this spa, I couldn't resist but booked myself for a massage there after a long week of convention activities. The facility was impeccable and it was great since it was earlier part of the morning. The classic massage ($140) by Aaron was heavenly, he had strong hands but definitely helped eased the knots away from the tight shoulders and also exhausted feet. The roman baths were great since I was the only person there. The steam room, the arctic snow room was different with tiny snow flakes failing from the ceiling...in a spa, that's a first time! :)The entire facility was top notch, clean and sanitized and definitely comparable to Burke Williams. I would definitely return for a masage again or facial if I return to sin city. Happy ending, yes! Not that way, silly!
5	I was there on a Sunday. Surprisingly that was not very crowded. I love the  Roman bath area. Great place to just relax.. I forgot to bring my bikini and they had the disposable bikini for you to put on. perfect. I had the 1 hr hourglass treatment $200 (the price on their site isn't correct). Joanna divide it into 30 mins back massage and 30 mins facial. my skin felt sooo smooth after the facial =) Can't wait to go back again!!!
3	Being a poor twenty-something, it's not everyday I visit a spa, let alone an overpriced one in Vegas. On a recent trip to meet up with my mother and video-poker addict grandmother (who lives in the city that actually never sleeps), I was treated to such a visit. After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I eventually decided on Qua. While my mother and I are not spa virgins, we're certainly not, well, spa sluts. We planned on getting our pricey massages and spending an hour or so in the rest of the spa and then leaving to proceed on with the rest of our day. That was the worst idea ever.If I were just reviewing the spa itself and not the massages, I'd probably have to give this place at least four stars. I wasn't overly impressed with the ambiance (from what I read on Yelp, I expected something far more extravagant) but nonetheless the spa design was an extra treat. I especially loved the hot stone chairs in the Roman Baths room. These chairs, made entirely from stone, had a check-mark kind of shape, which was surprisingly comfortable to sit in. In my short visit to the chairs, I was concerned my jealousy was tainting the room as I watched other bikini-clad women lounge around with their favorite book, obviously not in a rush to re-clothe and meet grandma for lunch.The bathhouse area, other than the chairs, was alright. They had three different pools - which I like to call "why isn't this hot enough?," "ouch, f&%k, that's hot," and "this is so cold I can't believe I'm paying this much to freeze my a** off." I suppose that's typical for a spa. There was also a nice shower-esque waterfall in the middle of the room which my mother enjoyed greatly as it hit all the spots in her back that her masseuse missed.  I especially liked the "robe sauna" which was basically a heated closet outside of the baths, where you could hang up your robe and get it all warm and cozy when you finally decide to skip on to your next destination.The rest of the spa was split up into...Jacuzzi Area -- a big round hot tub with better back jets than the tubs in the Roman Bath room, but  otherwise kind of boring.Cedar Sauna -- Always a treat, this sauna wasn't anything special, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.Aromatherapy Steam Room -- again, this type of steam room can probably be found anywhere, but of the entire spa visit, I'd say the steam room helped me relax and de-stressed me the most. It was nice that they had a shower in the steam room to turn on in case you were too hot (though I never got to that point.) Since it's Vegas, most of the women lounging around butt naked are, of course, perfect looking. So I felt fat, but less weirded out by the nudity than I felt when I was in Hungary at the bathhouses where women the size of Chris Farley (RIP) allow their blubber to redesign any given room's free cubic area.Arctic Ice Room -- Aw, cute, snow bubbles. Since some idiot figured out that being really freaking cold is good for us, it's nice that the freaking cold room has some sort of entertainment (snow bubbles) to help pass time while our circulation, um, learns how to circulate better.Tea Room - Ok, this really tripped me up. I LOVE tea. I was SO excited that there were all of these interesting tea options to try. During my tour of the spa, the attendant pointed to the room and said that all of the teas on the back wall were complimentary. Sweet. After my massage I headed straight to the tea room, only to stare at enticing menu and an assortment of decorative loose tea leaves. Since I'm used to tea bags, I wasn't sure how on earth I would actually go about making the tea - especially since tea cups were MIA. So i go to the attendant desk and, mildly embarrassed, ask them if I'm an idiot or if it's normal that I'm not sure how to make my own tea. They inform me that I'm not supposed to make my own tea, and that a tea attendant will be right with me. So I go back to the room and sit down in a chair. About ten minutes later, a woman comes in and finally asks me if I want some tea. She offers a good suggestion, but seems rushed and I almost feel bad asking her to make me tea, since it looks like her job also includes restocking all of the fruit and such, which she continues to do at a hectic pace. I finally get my tea - a delicious minty brew called "velvet tea," and drink it with such fervor it's gone in a few minutes. I'd like more, or at least to be offered a refill, but the tea attendant is no where to be seen. Massage/ Massage Rooms: Eh. I had a $140 classic massage and my mother had a $170 hot stone massage. We both finished up our massages underwhelmed. Maybe my error was not splurging $10 more for the deep tissue massage, since my massage was a pleasant rub-down, but it did little for my muscles. Meanwhile, my mother thought her $60 regular Jersey massages were better.Showers: I want one of these showers. Four shower heads with water coming from all directions. Heaven.
5	Wonderful.Qua is a really great spa, a bit of the expensive side but welcome to Vegas.  I paid $140 for a massage and this allowed me to access the entire facility.  The massage was GREAT and the guy that gave it was a hunk-a-rama.  The main room has 3 different Roman whirlpool type baths that are made with mineral water which was good for me as I had a fake spray tan on and couldn't get in chlorinated water.  In addition, there is a super hot, hot tub that does have chlorine.  The Roman bath area also has heated marble 'chaise' type lounges which are great.There are a few different saunas, the most well known is the Snow Room where it literally snows and you can put your hand over a device on the wall and ice cubes fall from the ceiling for you to put on your face.  They recommend going in the Snow Room after the other saunas so you can 'close your pores'.Bathing suits are optional too, which is good because my friend and I forgot ours and the girl that showed us to our lockers forgot to give us the disposable spares that they offer so we decided to be brave and go nude and it wasn't weird at all, at least after the first few minutes.  I actually recommend experiencing this place fully nude.  It is all ladies or all men anyway depending on your gender so no worries there, though this may be a disappointment for some too.There is a tea room, it is okay, Qua likes to brag about their tea but I didn't find that it was really worth writing home to mamma about.  All in all, the place is a great experience and worth checking out.
5	More like 4.5 stars, because the Arctic ice room was closed.  I got the 60 minute hourglass treatment and it was amazing.  At first I chose a massage/ facial combo, but after the masseuse worked on my shoulders for a while, she suggested I spend more time on my tight shoulders which I went along with without any hesitation.  She combined hot stones with the treatment, which made for a truly relaxing experience.  Afterwards. I fully took advantage of the rest of the spa facilities.  All of the roman baths and the whirlpool was amazing.  Plus the showers and all of the snacks and drinks available, made for the best spa experience.  Be sure to set aside a few hours to enjoy this place.  I wish that I could enjoy this every weekend.
5	A MUST on a trip to Vegas! The thing most people don't realize is with any "treatment" aka massage, facial etc. you get a FREE, WHOLE DAY at the spa....which includes the gym, roman pools and steam rooms! 6am to 8pm...so you could even go in the morning for a bit then come back later that night!!I got there at like 9:30am for my 11 apt and it was pretty empty. Even as time passed, most women showed up with just enough time for their facial, not enough time to take advantage of all the other cool stuff!I got the deep tissue massage which was $160. It was good, not AMAZING for $160 if you were JUST talking about the massage, but with ALLLLL the other cool stuff included it was well worth it! SO, make sure you make time! If I didn't have to catch a flight, I would have stayed much longer ;)
5	I came to qua a spa virgin, and left a woman. ;) But really, this spa is amazing. The treatments are too pricey for me, a poor student, although I did manage to save up for one...I believe it was the bamboo massage/facial or something like that, and it was amazing. I've returned afterwards and paid the $35/day pass just to use the facilities, and it's well worth it! My favorite feature of the spa is the stone loungers in the Roman bath area that are warmed up and ready for you to relax on. They also provide you with lockers, bathrobes and slippers, and munchies (fruit, pretzels, a variety of different drinks including juices and teas). Even if you can't afford a treatment, you can definitely spot a few bucks just to use the facility for a day and you WON'T be disappointed.
5	Qua Spa is the ultimate! I wish SF had a Qua!The boyf and i set up a couples' ritual of massage, oils, etc. It was fantastic. i cant go into the deets, but just know it was terrific (hey, some things are private! :)The best feature about the spa is that whatever treatment you had done at the spa, you get an included ALL DAY pass to use the facilities (or you can just simply buy a day pass). The facilities are not simply a gym and jacuzzi... this place has got the works- Roman baths, Tea Lounge, Herbal Steam Room, Cedarwood Sauna, Laconium Room, Artic Ice Room (IT SNOWS IN HERE!!) and more. It feels amazing to go from the heat (sauna or steam room) and nextdoor jump into an Ice room where it's snowing.aaaaaaaah INVIGORATING!!Qua spas undoes all the stress/toxins/smoke/gross-ness that is Vegas. I'm not going back to Vegas without spending some quality time here.
2	It's quiz time!Q: Let's say you were paying $170 for a massage.  Also, let's assume you've had quite a few massages in your time and are no stranger to spas.  Now, let's pretend that your massage table has a broken face cradle, forcing you to lie at an uncomfortable angle during the "Face down" half of your $170 massage.  Is this:a) Fine with me!b) Ok, but not great.c) Totally unacceptable.I vote for "C" and since Qua did nothing about it when I (politely) complained to the front desk, they get two stars.  I'd make it a one star, but the spa attendants were very nice, and I fully enjoyed the steam, sauna, and arctic rooms, along with the various heated pools and warm stone chairs (sounds uncomfortable, but isn't).  Despite all that, I won't be back.For the record, there were four of us, and only one of us was pleased with her massage.  The other two didn't have as bad an experience as I did, but they didn't love it, either.
5	this spa was about 9381983019823 times better than the spa at the bellagio.  like i said before, whoever made the list of best spas in vegas and put bellagio at the top was smoking some serious crack.$45 for an all day pass to use the facilities. i didnt get a treatment so I can't vouch for any of those but the faciliites are just AWESOME.roman baths: perfect. and they had these heated marble lounge chairs to relax in. three different temperatures: cold, warm, and hot jaccuzi.  quiet, big, and the ultimate of relaxation.steam room: the minty herbal smell isnt as strong as the bellagio steam room, which nearly choked me.  it's also nice they had a cold shower head so in case you got too hot you can cool off. arctic ice room: it SNOWS in there!!!! how COOL is that.  they also have ice chip dispenser for you to exfoliate with.showers: clean and big and.I also like that their lockers are code protected so you dont have to carry an annoying key around like in the bellagio spa.their attendants are also SUPER friendly. and the drinks and such are unlimited and freeeee. the tea room, supposedly they have a tea attendant but i didn't see one, nor did i get any tea in the tea room.i came to this spa for 2 days in a row. it was heavenly, dreamy, and perfect.  sigh.
5	Thank you Total Rewards for getting me a day pass to this heavenly spa!  This is the greatest spa I have ever seen and I am so glad that we chose to use these passes.  This place is outrageous.  The roman baths are surrounded by warm stone loungers for relaxation and the tea room was wonderful.  The free (yeah!) beverages helped rehydrate me after killing my body the night before.  I consumed coffee, iced tea and lots of water.  My favorite part was going between the three rooms - cedarwood sauna, herbal steam sauna and the arctic ice room.  I started cold, went to hot in the cedarwood, then went to the steam to sweat out all of my impurities, back to cedarwood and then to cool off in the ice room.  The arctic ice room has a little button you can wave you hand over so that ice chips shoot out into a sink.  Then, you take the ice chips to exfoliate your skin.  I did not think I would love it, but I did.  It was so invigorating.  I am hoping Total Rewards hooks me up again but I would be willing to pay the $35 bucks for a pass to relaxation.  I am even tempted to get an outrageously expensive treatment sometime because this place was so great.
5	WOW!!! Heaven on earth. This place is so relaxing. The roman baths are awesome. The arctic room was a COOL experience. I got the stone therapy massage and it was worth the 170 dollars I payed for it. Definitely the best spa I have been to.
3	for $45, you can use the spa all day (including the fitness center).  you can come and go as you please.  sounds like a great deal, but i guess i'm not as much of a girly girl as i thought.  or maybe i'm just not a spa girl.  plus, the sight of nekkid women....young and old, hot and not, just makes me uncomfortable.  the only section of this facility i enjoyed was the roman bath.  qua...the spa inside caesars palace, is just like any other spa.  there's the sauna (which we sat in for less than a minute).....the arctic ice room, so cute with a bubble machine (which we sat in for 1 minute)......and the herbal steam room, where you can't see your hand in front of your face (which we sat in for 1.5 minutes).  and there's the "whirlpool", which is essentially a giant jacuzzi.  but the roman bath had the perfect temperature water...with jets too.  there are a few chairs in the roman bath area, but other than that, there is no place to lay down and relax.  they have a tea room where you wait for them to call your name, but that's the only place to lounge.  complimentary fruit, iced tea, hot tea, water, pretzels and juice are available.  locker room is very cramp.service when we first arrived was "bitchy".  the girl who we paid seemed to look down upon us because we weren't getting any of their services, just the day pass.  and they must've been busy because we didn't get our tour.  but throughout my couple hours there, the employees smiled and checked on us frequently.  after going to lay out at the pool, the rest of our gals went back to the spa before getting ready for dinner.  i, however didn't feel the trek back to the augustus tower was worth it, so i stayed poolside.(ROTD #5)
5	Have you partaken of the fleishgeist? Wash your sins away at Qua!Qua is one of the nicest spas I've been to, and absolutely essential after dancing all night in Vegas in 4 inch stilettos. You feel me sistas? The price to use the facilities is $45, and when you walk in, they immediately greet you and take the time to give you a personal tour.  And you need it -- this is 50,000 feet of spa!The Roman Baths are fit for the gods. Picture fountains of mineral water pouring from above into scattered pools, and hot stone chase lounges waiting for you. The steam room has a lovely cedar scent, and the arctic room is the perfect end to a day of heat worship with cool air and "snowfall." After a couple of hours of total relaxation, make sure to hit the tea room to lounge, read mags and just enjoy some girl time.
5	A spa day at Qua is definitely in order if you need to detox, relax and recharge in Vegas!On Friday night, my upper back started to feel really strained. I could feel a huge knot on my right side, which was so aggravating that I had to take Advil to ease the pain. I needed some major massaging asap. Fortunately, the girls and I had already planned on going to Qua Saturday afternoon to use their spa facilities for $45. I called them in the morning to see if there were any massage appointments available, and luckily, they had one at 1pm. I opted for the 50 minute Swedish massage, which cost a hefty $140. I really needed the massage, so price didn't really matter.Samantha was my therapist, and she was extremely pleasant, and worked her magic hands. I told her about the problem area, and she made sure to spend more time working on it. I'm not sure if it was the soothing environment of the treatment room, her technique, the fact that I hadn't gotten a proper night's sleep in days, or a combination of all three, but sometime during my massage, I fell asleep. It was just so relaxing. When I woke up, the massage was nearing the end. When it was finally over, I got up and I really felt that the tension in my back had melted away. Samantha was a miracle worker!I found the girls relaxing like goddesses in the Roman Baths. Jessica had actually fallen asleep on the surprisingly comfortable thermal stone deep relaxation chaise and Nicole was in the Tepidarium pool, with warm mineral-enriched waters. I decided to start in the steamroom, which helped with my sinuses and relaxed my muscles even more. After several minutes inside, I went into the Arctic Room to cool off. The foamy "snow" falling from the ceiling was a cool effect. I then joined the girls and took a dip in the hot Caldarium pool and let the jets pound against my back. The waterfall also helped soothe my muscles. It was exactly what I needed!The spa itself is one of the most gorgeous ones I've ever been to, and at 50,000 sq. ft., it's extremely spacious. There's a separate mens spa wing on the opposite side, so guys can enjoy the baths like gods as well. Everything is super clean, as attendants are constantly cleaning out towel and trash bins. The staff was very friendly, and one even recommended some clubs to hit up that night and gave us names of people to hook us up. Qua helped us in more ways than one!
2	Hmmmmm....where do I begin? Well first off...Im a licensed cosmetologist Ive been working in the spa industry for 10 yrs. So I know how things are suppose to be done! My best friend purchased GC's for us as christmas gifts.....we pre-booked our services.....when we checked in to the hotel we decided to up-grade our services and change the days. Simple enough you would think....well we were charged for the services we originally cancelled well over 24 hrs. in advance....also they couldnt find our gc's in the system....so my appt had to be done later in the day to try to give them time to find it, when I came back 4 hrs. later they still found no resolution, so i had to pay for my service in full. EVEN THOUGH MY BEST FRIEND FAXED PROOF OF PAYMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had the ayurvedic Journey..... Im trained In this specific style...and have to say it was no where near worth the $250 i spent or worth the headache of dealing w/ such rude management and un-knowledgable front desk staff! Although the staff in the spa were very attentive...My tech was a very sweet girl...but I think the spa trained her in what they think ayurvedic treatments are NOT authentic in technique in any way!!! But I was VERY relaxed over all....And the oils they used in the shiodara, AMAZING!!!!! The oils stayed in my hair for a week! Any time i got stressed I just smelled my hair! my skin felt amazing.They get a star for products....and a star for ambiance....wouldve been nice if there were more areas to actually Lay down....and I dont know about any one else call me a spa snob...but i like my bottled water chilled not warm.  This was well over 2 weeks ago and the spa still has not resolved the GC issue with my best friend. No matter the ambiance I WILL NOT GO BACK....I will say they did refund me 100% After a day and a half of all this confusion.
5	I have been to many spas in the past few years but QUA really takes the #1 slot in my "best spa I have ever been to" list.First off, the facilities are gorgeous. Calm, serene, water flowing everywhere... the environment is conducive to relaxation, which is what a good spa should do. The steam room aromatherapy cleared up my jacked up sinuses and you know how evil Vegas weather is for that The arctic ice room was a real treat, especially after melting my ass off in the steam room. For admission and/or price of services, you get a lot for your buck. You get to use all of the facilities and on top of that they have a very well stocked counter with juices, tea, water, coffee, fruit, pretzels and the cherry on top? dark organic chocolate bars. Yes, really! Chocolate. A joint after my own heart.I partook in a 60 minute hourglass service which is custom tailored to your particular needs. I opted for a mini facial and massage... I didn't think 60 minutes would accomplish much but my therapist really delivered. I walked out of this place glowing and felt like a big bowl of gelatinous MUSH.QUA tends to be a little on the pricey side compared to other spas in Vegas but the truth is you get what you pay for. It is much nicer than Canyon Ranch at the Venetian and not as packed or expensive. QUA's facilities look modern, clean and not as dated. Either way, if you're a good spa junkie like me, price isn't an issue if the experience delivers. QUA delivered and more. I look forward to going to Vegas again, not for the gambling or the partying... it's all about this spa baby. Oh yeah.
5	THE best spa experience bar none. if you don't like people seeing you naked, don't come here. If you are old enough or wise enough to not care, this is the best relaxation/self-pampering you can give yourself-period. The mineral pools at different temps, the ice room & the herbal steam rooms are "the bomb"!!! If this place doesn't relax you and chill you out, nothing will. If the price is the problem, you shouldn't be staying at Ceasar's. p.s. the spa treatment & teas were great too!
5	Hey Girl. You deserve it. Save up your money and go to Qua. Forget gambling and drinking. Just spend your entire time in Vegas in the Qua spa. Seriously. Have Melissa W. do a deep tissue massage on you (yes, worth the $160) and get your "kinks" worked out in Vegas in a way that is totally healthy. And hey, no regrets later. I have never had another massage like that one. Fantastic. I have been to the "best spa in the world" as ranked by Conde Naste - the LakeHouse Spa in Austin, Texas, and have never thought it was that great. Yes, it is beautiful but is NO comparison to Qua. Qua is the BEST, hands down. Roman Baths - spectacular, relaxing, de-stressing, wonderful. Heated stone chairs. Aaahhh... Curl up on a comfy lounge at the front of the Roman spa area and NAP. Seriously. When done napping, have a cup of hot tea, take a hot shower with FOUR shower heads raining down, sit at the mirror and dry your hair, prep. Leave feeling like a new woman. As a previous reviewer stated, relax. Don't worry about "proper attire." Be naked, or topless, or not. Be proud. Don't worry about it. No one else is worrying about anything in there either. Splurge. You are worth it.
4	Qua is gorgeous. For such a massive spa, it feels quiet and personal. The introductory tour is very rote and robotic but when not on script the person giving it was genuinely nice and very helpful with a great attitude.  It was all easy, the common areas were relaxing, and the amenities pretty fantastic. I love that they have some pools which are not chlorinated, and the herbal steam room was really a pleasure. I got a Thai massage - the yoga someone else does for you - which was pretty good. The therapist was totally dedicated but I've had a lot of massages and didn't sense she had depth of experience with this modality based on the way she was manipulating my body and consulting some notes. But she was a very competent therapist and was very focussed, and overall I felt I was in good hands. She also gave good advice on some moves to take away based on what she gauged about levels of flexibility and such. The Lotus Flower Bath was cool but I think a nice soak in the mineral pool would probably be just as satisfying. But I wasn't at the point in my trip where I needed toxins removed from my body yet either.This spa will always be a destination when I come to Vegas, be it for a treatment or just for a day pass. Excellent.
5	This spa is the biggest and one of the most relaxing and nicest spas I have visited.  The whole spa exudes luxury.  Qua Spa has a Roman bath theme, with multi-colored/shaped blue and white tiles.  The highlight of the spa is the three different salt water pools.  As you walk into the room with these pools you first observe the largest pool which is a comfortable temperature, and has water flowing over the sides in three different tiers.  Up behind this pool is a circular waterfall falling from the ceiling.   Behind this large falling shower is two smaller pools, one hot and the other cold, both with a small waterfall dropping into the end of the pools.  As you sit under the waterfalls and look up it there is a "natural" light coming out, so it feels as though you're in a cave with sunlight pouring through.  Walking into those two pools and letting the water fall on my shoulders was one of the most relaxing things I have done in a long time.  It was so calming that I felt extremely happy and perfectly at peace.  Along the outer edge of these pools are heated stone lounges to lay on and relax or read magazines.  It was so calming to lay on the heated lounge after dipping into the hot and cold pools that I could have spent all day there.  As you continue on into the spa there is a large tea room with cushy lounges offering magazines and servers to help you select tea from the tea bar.  There are about 12 different tea choices and all the ones I sampled were excellent.  They also offer iced tea, fruit, pretzels, juice and coffee.  Next as you walk further into the spa is another large circular heated hot pool.  Then there is a lovely steam room with eucalyptus essential oil, a nice sauna, and my favorite: the arctic ice room.  This room is covered in multicolored bubble shaped blue glass tiles along the wall and ceiling and marble slabs to sit on.  The temp is 55 degrees, and has mini snow bubbles falling from the ceiling.  There are chips of ice that fall into a bowl for you to scrub yourself with.  It feels so great to pop into this room after heating up in the sauna/steam room.  The showers come with nicely scented shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  There are lovely marble counters stocked with lotion and hair products to get ready with.  Of course you are also given a nice locker with comfy sandals and robe.  I have no complaints with this spa, except perhaps the high entrance fee of $45.  But this all seems worth the price considering the service and amenities. I highly recommend this spa as your first choice to visit when going to las vegas.  The only problem is that you will then be spoiled and wish that other spas were as nice as Qua.
5	I bought a supposedly comfortable pair of shoes for Vegas.Comfortable? Comfortable?!!!I'd like to see the Nike ColeHaan "geniuses" behind these so called comfy shoes, walk the strip in the boots from hell.Anyways - after a night full of painful foot issues, and chaotic club lines - we decided that the three Miss Yelps were in dire need of some pampering.And so after doing some Yelp research beforehand - we decided on Qua. Just like Nicole C - said - Qua Spa is the Ultimate.The treatments are a little pricey - but I've heard they're well worth it.  (Connie loved her massage). Nicole and I decided to just use the facilities. For about 40 dollars, you can get access to the dream facilities that make up Qua.For forty dollars you get access to big Romanesque indoor pools of warm (Tepidarium), hot (Caldarium) and cold water (Frigidarium), with sensual overhead rain showers.  Pure aqua bliss. You can spend all day dipping your body in each, and once your body is relaxed and revitalized by the mineral enriched waters,  you can grab the latest gossip magazine and lounge on the reclined hot stone chairs, which heat up your core - allowing for one of the best naps you'll ever take.If you're done sitting poolside, you can then head to the lounge area, to grab some fruity hot and cold teas (all teas throughout the spa are organically grown with only natural ingredients and flavors ). One thoroughly hydrated, you can wrap your robe tightly around you, as you make your way to the next heavenly phase in the adventure - the Laconium and Arctic Ice Room.The Laconium room is the sauna. It's the perfect place to clear your pores and sweat out any vodka and redbulls injested the night before.  Lying back on the wooden benches, you feel your body become lifeless, as your forehead heats up. Once throughly warmed - you head to the Arctic Room.The Arctic Ice Room has heated floors and benches where you can sit perched as you watch snow fall before you. It's soothing, and magical, and takes you back to the excitement you felt when young. Utter awe at the early signs of resh falling winter.Feeling the chill, you emerge from the brisk world  - back into Qua reality  - an amazing shower with high quality shampoo and conditioner (Qua even has a handy contraption to get the water out of your bathing suit in a matter of seconds)Feeling alive, awake, and amazing  - you slather yourself in moisturizer, brush your hair, get dressed, and leave Qua a better and healthier person.If you're going to Vegas - go big. Go to Qua to forget the craziness of the night before, and to get ready for the craziness that lies ahead.
4	The spa is beautiful!  The service was a bit spotty.  My masseuse was amazing.  I had just been in a rear end collision and she was able to work all of my knots out.  Feeling much better now.  I would definitely recommend their dry sauna, you know how some sauna's are just too hot, well this one I must say was just perfect.  Avoid the chill room.  It's not snowflakes coming out of the ceiling, it's soap.  It's just kinda uncomfortable and not relaxing at all.  Oh - I don't mind being cold, like I love the cold plunge, the chill room just didn't float my boat.
4	Wow, if there's one advantage to the over-the-top, gaudy nature of Vegas, it's in their spas (or at least this one)!  I could not think of a better way to spend the last day of my vacation than here in this huge, themed spa.  It was easy making reservations, and when we got there, the staff waited on us hand and foot.  Baggage was checked in at the bell desk in the lobby, and  once we got to the spa in the Augustus tower, we were immediately given a tour of the facilities.  The tea room was a great place to relax and sip the chamomile (?) iced tea  and snack on the fruit/pretzels.  The steam room was spacious, but I didn't care too much for the sauna because it felt exactly like being outside in the Vegas heat.  Could have also done without the Arctic Ice Room.  However, the Roman Baths were fabulous.  The water is supposely mineral-enriched, and whether that's true or not, my skin definitely felt softer after I dried off.  There are these amazing heated stone lounge chairs (I believe they call them chaises) located next to the Roman Baths that do wonders for sore muscles.  There was no better remedy for my calves than lying on a thermal stone chaise, particularly after nights of dancing in high heels.  My Classic Massage was with Sarah, who was a very nice, chatty masseuse.  Her technique was great, but she didn't focus on my knots as much as I liked.  Or...maybe I didn't have any knots left after a few hours of sleeping on that thermal stone chaise.  Either way, though, who cares as long as I left feeling that wonderful?!P.S.  Patrons who pay for a spa service get complimentary access to the gym.  Yay for working off some of those calories from all the fine dining and drinking!
5	I wont get into the details of describing the Spa, since anyone can read from other yelper's review of it and go to the website to look at the pictures..But I will say the whole place is such a relaxing and rejuvenating experiance...I have been here once, but just to use the spa facilities for the price of 45 dollars..I wanted to splurge a bit this time coming back to Vegas so I decided to book a facial..I got a oxgenating facial and that was 180...The facial itself was really relaxing but it wasnt anything special and hardly worth 180...I dont know why it was called a oxgenating facial because I really dont think she did anything to my face besides cleanse,exfoliate,extract,mask,massage and moisterize..That is typically the order of things when you get a facial..It was nice just to treat myself a bit, but next time I will just stick to using the spa facilities and wouldnt book a treatment..
4	Gotta Say.. even as I get alot of flack for visiting Health Spa's.. it is definitely one of the best things I believe you can do for yourself when a feeling of stress is about.  Qua is no exception. Over the years my buddies and I have learned our way around some of the better health spas here in Las Vegas.. Qua is the best. I have been there numerous times to relax, and even as they have raised their daily pass price to $45.. it is most worth it. (Entrance to the spa is complimentary with a purchased service)From the Mineral Baths to the Herbal steam room.. to an aromatic infused room to shave in.. Qua has the way to let your soul chill-out for awhile. Attendants tend to be young and louder than they should at times.. but other than that.. no real complaints.We usually start in the morning.. head to a mineral bath.. then relax in the steam room. Sitting in the 'quiet room', you can enjoy some loose-leaf teas or juices while watching the news, sports or just kicking your feet up and napping. I particularly enjoy the gym that is a fairly state of the art facility, incorporating great machines for working out along with a set of free weights, stretching mats and various cardio machines. Even if I choose not to get a massage or treatment.. lowest at the time of this review is $75... I still opt for the day pass and relax all day long. Check it out.. you wont be sorry.
3	What can I say, my wife loves the days at the spa, so I decided to gift her a massage at Qua after reading all the reviews.She did really did enjoy it, but was a bit annoyed with one thing.  Her appointment was at 7:00 and they close at 8.  So she was very rushed and felt a bit jipped.  We would of gladly scheduled earlier if we had been warned.If it wasnt for the rushed pressure, Im sure she would of given it all 5 stars.
4	I booked a Spa package on Caesers' website -- well the package came with $50 credit to the spa.  After reading the reviews, I was planning a half day at the spa including a workout.  Of course, it didn't go as planned.   I got to the spa at 10am keeping in mind I had to check out of my room at 1pm.  I booked what I thought was a 50 mins spa appointment turns out she booked me a 75 mins without telling me. at the desk.   I was cool with it since this was a B-day splurge to myself.  Still, the girl at the desk should have informed me the details.  Anyway, on to the men's area.  In order to access the locker rooms, you have to walk through the gift shop.  Then you enter two semi dark hallways with water falling from the ceiling on both sides of the wall.  I thought that was a nice way to the spa area.  Then there are two frosted glass doors, the mens side is to the right.  The first area you enter (on the right) is the Roman baths or basically three temperature (cold, warm, and hot) pools.  A few lounge chairs, and water/fruit counter.  There is also a towel rack in the area and a restroom. Down the hallway you will see doors for massages and a barber/nail salon for men.  At the end of the hallway you end up to the check in desk.  The host will take you to the locker and instruct on the operation.  You press a button, your 4 digit code, and lock.   This is the same operation for opening.  The room beside the changing room is the TV lounge with at least 12 single sofa type chairs, water, tea, coffee, and pretzels, and other drinks.  The only  TV they have has  the sports channel and seems the spa attendants were only interested in the TV.  The spa attendants were okay as they were glued to the TV.  The the Latino spa attendant who was working was very attentive to me and everyone I saw. He was very good with the guests.  Behind the counter and the lounge is the getting ready to leave room - basically there are sinks to gel up your hair, shave, and mirrors everywhere.  It sucks that they do not have skin condition lotion like at the Korean spas.  The weather is so dry in Vegas, that my face dries up pretty bad.  Behind the getting ready room, is showers and restrooms.  The showers are very modern with four shower heads, two at chest level, one at face level, and one directly above the shower.  Very nice.  Again towels everywhere so no need to lug your towel around throughout the spa.  Around the left corner of the showers is the big Jacuzzi and then in the back are four steam and sauna rooms. The first one to the left is the dry sauna - yes it was dry and warm  though I expected it to be hot. Oh well, across from that is the warm steam room with a sink for shaving. Next to it is the Herbal steam room (nice smelling herbs --not the usually mint or citrus) and finally the famous ARTIC room. The Arctic room was disappointing to me as basically it was COLD AC air blowing in, with tiny bubbles, and a bowl of shaved ice in a bowl.  I was expecting ice particles landing on me.   So that was it.  So in the end this is probably the best spa in vegas for me.  I didn't like the following:The girl at the front desk.  Passing the check in desk every time you visit the roman baths and steam rooms (should of made this in one area and not on either end of the facility. It was a good 100 feet  and was quite embarrass to see the counter person a few times between the two areas. The oily slippers they provided to me at the spa -- bring you own as I wear a size 10.5 and the slipper is a 10 and  I made sounds every time I walk in those slippers.  They were wide and heavy - not good for a 185lbs fella. Wear a robe to everywhere in the facility unlike a Korean spa.  Yes, I witness two guys in the steam room with their robe on.  Oh my gosh.Positive side, the Latino Spa attendant was so attentive to my needs and to everyone else.  The workout facility  was very nice and spacious - they could use cycling or spinning machines.  They also need better stretching facility as it is very small.  They had way too many stair masters and ellipticals.  Stength  machines were plenty.  The fitness attendant was nice and make frequent trips to provide towels and bottled water to everyone.  They also have selected juices to offer and I believe they were complimentary.My massage therapist was very good - he had a Japanese name -.  You can feel he has soft skin on his hands and arms.  FIVE STARS for that.  He also did not have what I call  bad nose breath - I have experienced some therapists especially smokers with bad nose breath.  Overall FOUR stars.
5	Wow.  This spa is the bees' knees.  My friend and I had a very relaxing start to our Vegas weekend-we woke up, had room service, and then headed to the spa for some massages.  I normally don't really like being touched, but I thought I would just go for it since we were going to what I heard was one of the best spas in the nation.  When we got there, we were given robes and slippers and a tour.  Me being the mature individual I  blushed when I saw the nakedness at the Roman baths.  I laughed in my head a little when our spa tour guide said "As you can see-the baths are bathing suit optional."  There is a refreshment area with snacks and beverages.  I had a shiatsu massage.  My masseuse was very friendly and knowledgable.  We had a nice chat and she gave me a terrific massage.  The facilities are top notch.  They are one of the few spas to have an "Arctic Room" which was really fun with the cold air and foam.  I had a ball in there-in fact, the whole experience was a ball.  I'd love to go there again and feeling ultra pampered and relaxed.
4	After a fun and crazy weekend for my bachelorette party, Qua Spa was the perfect choice to relax and unwind for me and my girls.  Thanks to all you fabulous Yelpers, we found a little piece of heaven at Caesar's Palace.  For the very reasonable price of $45, you get access to all their facilities including the sauna, arctic room, and Roman baths.  I got the exfoliating scrub which included dancing showers and a full body light massage.  It was amazing!  They also provide anything and everything you would need after your treatment: shampoo, conditioner, razors, curling irons, hair spray, etc.  After a crazy night out in Vegas, Qua Spa is definitely the place to go and recuperate.
5	I am a self-proclaimed spa junkie. I go all the time and I have been to a ton of them. This one is in my top three and honestly based on my treatment, probably my new #1 fave. When I entered, I was greeted by the nicest woman who took the time to take me around and show me the enitre spa. I had to go right in for my treatment first and then I was going to relax and use the amenities afterwards. While waiting for my treatment I sat in their tea room and one of the girls made me a green tea. There was all kinds of fresh teas, coffees, drinks and fruit, too. But I didn't really have time for that. I was headed in for my 80 minute facial called The Hydrotherapy Facial....it was amazing. My esthician was Shannon M. She explained everything she was doing and gave me all kinds of great tips and products to try once I got home. The facial consisted of LED light therapy and a diamond-tip microdermabrasion, as well as normal facial stuff. The results at the end were so visibly noticable that I couldn't believe it. I really glowed. You know the painful extraction part of most facials? Well, Shannon used some sort of suction thingie that just sucked the blackheads right out of your face...amazing! I never felt a thing. Things just got better after my facial. I headed right to the mineral baths and relaxed in the bubbling, overflowing water. It was so peaceful and the lights were kept dim. It was really great. I went on a Monday morning and it was not crowded at all. I tend to get a little uncomfortable around too many naked woman, haha, but this was the right amount. Personally I did wear a swimsuit in the baths. They have this really neat machine when you are done that you stick your swimsuit in and it "rings out" all the water and dries your suit. So that is convenient.Next stop was the sauna and the Arctic Ice room...I just kept going back and forth between the two. The arctic ice room is amazing. You have to see it. It's kept at 50 degrees and snow falls.FInally I took a shower. The shower has shower heads coming at you from every direction and then an optional overhead rainshower. I opted not to use that one because I didn't want to wet my hair. The place provided everything you could possible need though, Schick Quattro razors, shaving cream, and then afterwards, hair dryers, straighteners, hair sprays, powder, etc, etc. No stone was left unturned in this place. I literally cannot wait to go back. Shannon told me to come for a facial every 3 months. Now I just have to convince my husband to take me back to Vegas again soon.Oh and this facial was a birthday gift but  it was pricey, $320, due to the microdermabrasion and the LED light therapy. You could really feel the difference immediately though. Also - there is no "down time" after this treatment, my skin was not red or inflammed or anything like that. Just figured I would add this because I was looking for women's reviews on it before I booked it so it might be helpful.
4	This place is really nice looking.  The atmosphere completely relaxes you.  Like a few other said, I won't go into too much detail beause you can read it from other much more detailed reviewers. My best friend took me here as a b-day treat and it was nice.  Though, I'm not sure I would go here by myself, maybe as a b-day gift to someone else.  Though what Melisa W. was true, it is a bit unnerving to see really old and wrinkly old women in the bath water with you but I guess if you've travelled to asian countries where communal baths are common, you'll find it less unnerving.3.5 stars.
5	The $45 day pass is the best way to detox after a night out and rejuvenate for the night ahead. Spas in Vegas simply don't get better than Qua.
5	This place doesn't need my 56th review singing it's praises but I'm reviewing it anyways.The Qua Spa was total heaven. It's gendered separated but that's ok. On the women's side we had 3 different roman baths (mineral water) of all different temperatures (the back two - hot and cold - have waterfalls behind them), a jacuzzi (the only chlorinated water), herbal steam room (Seriously, this cured the cold I had), cedarwood sauna (very dry heat, lovely scent), arctic ice room, tea room, fully stocked vanity area (hair dryers, curling irons, flat irons, deodorant, gel, hairspray, baby powder), and awesome showers. Lush towels and water everywhere.The place was dead when I went in (10AM) so I had it to myself practically until it started to get busier at about 11AM.The staff here is very nice, non-intrusive, and totally accommodating. When you walk in they set you up with a locker equipped with a lush bathrobe and ask your shoe size for their super comfy sandals. The best thing - a day pass for everything I described is $45. You can even leave and come back if you wanted!I would go back here anytime and recommend it to everyone.
5	$45 for a day pass to Qua is the best bargain on the Strip, hands down and without a close second.  Here's what you get for your money:-Access to the fitness center.  The gym is spacious, airy and equipped with new and state of the art machines.  Ergonomic benches, cable-fly stations, treadmills, ellipticals and plenty of free weights.  One of the nicest spa gyms I've seen.-Access to the steam and arctic rooms.  In the men's section, there's a full-on steam room and an "inhalation" room.  In the latter, the steam isn't as intense and there's a sink and shaving cream, so that you may experience the finest shave of your life.  Switching between the brutally steamy steam room and the arctic room yo-yos your body temperature up and down, which results in a very nice euphoric feeling.  Also, fake snow in the arctic room.  I call that opulence.-Access to the Roman baths.  Tubs of different temperatures in wonderful surroundings.  Like a fool, I somehow forgot about them.  I was too busy being delirious and happy from the arctic room.-Access to the tea lounge.  A selection of whole teas rest on a bar in the front corner, and you can have your fill while you relax in the overstuffed chairs and watch television.Whatever you do to relax in Vegas, cancel it and do this instead.
5	Absolutely amazing first experience. I went to Las Vegas for a quick pre-birhtday get-a-way and this place literally made every last drop of sweat in the Vegas sun worth it. I love the fact that you can leave and come back all throughout the day. The spa pass also admitts you to the gym so you can work on your fitness, sweat it out in the eucalyptus steam room, cool down in one of the mineral baths and tighten back up in the arctic chill room. I wish there was a place like this in LA or OC, I can't wait to go back! Also, the best part is, the spa is NOT CO-ED.
3	I would've wanted the Entire spa to myself.  That is usually how I like spas!  I love the Artic Spa....too many people...that means germs! I actually like Amadeus in Pasadena, CA better :)
4	This is my second time coming to this establishment.  The first time I was here was with a bachelorette party.  The second time around I went with my boyfriend and all we did was pay for the SPA facility fee $45.  This includes the use of the spa facilities and the fitness center.  The $45 fee is waived with a minimum $90 service fee.PROs:* Fitness center was nice and clean.  They provide you with free water bottles or juice and usage of headphones for the personal tvs on the bikes and treadmills.  They provide plenty of towels too.* Spa facilities are clean as well.  They are seperated into different sections - Tea Lounge, Locker room, Roman Baths, Showers, and Saunas.* Spa provides free tea (hot and cold), bags of pretzels, and fresh fruit.  * The roman bath room was nice with the different temperature baths.CONs:* It was much more enjoyable when I went for the bachelorette party.  You can actually talk to people when you are jumping from the different amenities.  However, if you don't like to talk to people when you are relaxing that might be beneficial to you.  * The spa facilities are not co-ed so I wasn't able to sit and relax with him.
4	bought a simple day pass to try out the facilties and was pleased with the value of it. everything was wonderful. very very relaxing and very professional. there's tons of amenities for you and has the atmosphere where you can really let yourself go and enjoy being at a spa. a must go for any one who has a few hours to kill and/or a great place to escape and really enjoy what vegas has to offer.
4	This is a lovely place, my sister and I enjoyed it tremendously last week. Would have been nice if they lowered the entry fee for hotel guests - especially paying primo prices on New Years -- but of course they don't in Vegas. I enjoyed the mineral baths area, we had a weird incident area where we ladies were shoo-ed out because of supposed 'mechanical' problems, but I suspected it was to let a celebrity use the baths alone (as I saw her shortly after in the hall). They have nice beverages and snacks, good magazines in a restful area you can use post service or soak. Service was impeccable and friendly. I agree with another reviewer the 'frigidarium' was a bit small, the room where the 'snow' comes down (a foamy kind of moisturizer that looks like snow when it drops down.) I enjoyed the background music that played too. There is just nothing like a place this in a nerve frazzling location, makes you feel relaxed and normal again after you partake.PS the 45 is just for the spa use -- we were quoted 65 to use the fitness area too (a previous reviewer said 45 got you in  both -- not the case - unless they just up it during holidays )
5	I visited this spa because of the reviews on Yelp and I must say...boy oh boy was it gooooood!!! Great hing is you do NOT have to be a hotel guest and you do NOt have to schedule a treament. $45.00 can get you an all day pass into the fitness gym and spa.  I scheduled myself for the classic 50 min massage at 11am so before that I took advantage of the gym. I walk in and first the guy asks if I want headphones. For what? Well hello! Your cardio machine has its own personal tv screen so while you're working out, you can chose to watch t.v or listen to their music player. All their fitness machines are up to date and well maintained. There are complimentary towels and refrigerated beverages for you to also use during your workout. After about 45 min, I went back to put my bathing suit on and enjoy the luxuries of the spa. I started at the Roman bath room where there are 3 different temperature bubbling spas. These range from a very cool pool to a 86 degree large bubbling pool to a hotter 100 degree bubbling spa. The lounge chairs are made out of marble that heat up when you lay on them. After I made my way to the steam room which is always my personal fav. I sat in that large room for about 10 minutes just taking deep breathes of that wonerdful steam. to cool down before my massage, I stepped into the Artic room which lightly snows (it's just suds but it looks like snow) in 55 degree cooling temp. It was a wonderful way to cool down. Something I couldn't experience without coming here. After all this I had to wait in the Meditation Room which features a flat screen, a side bar of fruit, snacks, and more refrigerated beverages, and a wide array of teas. If you wish, a person will personally custom make you your own tea!  My massage therapist Pamela or Patricia (I can't believe I forgot her name!! It starts with a P definitely) took me back and gave me probably the best massage in my life! I told her I like to be massaged all over and I like the concentration to be on my arms, hands and feet and she did just that! She even placed a warm lavendar scented compress on my eyes when I was on my back and when I did turn over, she placed a roll for underneath my legs and a warm blanket for my lower half. I must say this massage made me feel so special and every dime I spent into it was SO WORTH IT. It was worth the 140 dollars to feel like I was in heaven!  After all that I still journeyed into the steam room and the bubbling spas and even lay down on one of the cushioned lounge chairs to take a brief nap. The only reason I finally showered and left  was because I was STARVING. The staff let me know frequently that I was allowed to come back if I wanted to up until they closed at 8pm. Gosh darn, if i knew that I would've brought a sandwich in my bag! Great thing about this place too is the only things I brought with me, were my gym clothes, bathing suit, afterward clothes and my makeup. Everything else is provided.(Shampoo, lotion, hairspray, curling iorns, brushes, razors, etc.) So if you have several hours in Vegas and you want to spend that time in Heaven than I strongly suggest you come here. Ahhhhh see you in March Qua Spa!!
5	When it comes to spas, Vegas rises to the top in extravagane while scoring aces on maintaining the tranquil essence of therapeutic care. The $45 all day pass is the best way to lazily spend the day. Go in the morning to enjoy the facilities in its comfort with only a few other people.Roman Bath: 3 pools each filled with different temperatures. Warmed reclining stone personal benches. And waterfalls! This is one of my favorite parts of the spa. Be prepared if you're not used to people going nude here.Herbal Steam Room: Great smelling, cleared up my sinuses and allergies, and comforting. Gets extremely hot.Artic Room: Once you get all those pores opened and cleansed, head to the artic room to close them back up. And there's simulated snow made from bath bubbles. Also, lookout for the ice cube pipe. Great way to cool back down after all the steam.Tea Lounge: I love tea so this is just icing on top of the cake. They have about 8-10 different types of loose leaf teas that you can sample. Amenities also include free water bottles, vast array of juice juices, and their signature ice tea. Plus, shavers and endless use of their beauty products on site. I even straightened my hair before walking out fully refreshed and clear minded.
5	I stayed in the Augustus Tower at Caesar's over New Years and I decided to just go downstairs and scope out the spa.This place was amazing and I've had my fair share of spa experiences in the past, so this surpassed my high expectations. I got the Qua Signature Stone Massage (which is decently priced considering what you get and in comparison to other places)....it was HEAVENLY. I received a similar stone massage at the MGM spa before-- I thought that one was good...but this one was even better! It was incredibly relaxing, the stones were the perfect temperature, the pressure of the massage was perfect. I was very pleased!Then there's the facilties! The showers were divine, tea lounge, multiple baths, in the arctic room there's ice chips you can use to exfoliate. You can use all the facilities until the end of the day. It's great.Top of the line quality. I suggest checking this place out when you're in Vegas.
5	What a great spa! I recently went to Qua for the first time and now I'm hooked! They had 4 bath areas, sauna rooms, and an Artic room with snow! I spent 3 hours here and it was great! I left feeling relaxed, rejuvenated, and ready to hit the clubs!
5	OMG!  Qua Spa is HEAVEN ON EARTH!  I wish I could freakin' live there.  Believe me when I say the Qua Spa makes every other spa look like the Motel 6 (yes, Burke Williams is included).I'm a cheap booger so I normally just pay for the day passes when I'm in Vegas.  Qua Spa's $45 day pass is sooo worth it.  I think this is the most expensive as far as day passes go (even Wynn and Bellagio are cheaper), but I got MUCHO bang for my buck considering I was there for 7 hours.As I walked down the corridor to the women's side of the spa, I knew greatness awaited me.  I handed the check-in lady my slip and she said, "You've been here before, right?"  Uh, I don't know what gave her that impression but I informed her I hadn't and she proceeded to give me a tour of the place. She was pretty detailed as she showed me just about every nook and cranny.  To be honest, I stopped listening to her b/c I was fascinated by all that I saw.First, I loved the room that housed the Roman baths with mineral water.  I felt like Goldilocks b/c one of them was too hot, one too cold, and one just right.  The hot tub that I liked is molded in the two upper corners, so you can recline if you want.  I put my head back but I felt like I was drowning.  Then I saw another patron roll up a towel to use as a pillow- brilliant!I had to sorta "prowl" to get one of the stone, curved lounge chair thingys that others had Yelped about.  When I finally snagged one, it was broken (someone had Yelped about this; FYI it's the one in the back, right corner).  Since I had so dutifully done my research on Yelp, I figured I would just wait and snag another one that worked.  The hum from the machine that heats them was actually soothing and lulled me into relaxation.Be sure to take a moment to stand underneath the circular rainfall- the pressure is awesome and it felt like a massage.  Is this what my Yoga teacher is talking about when she refers to "cleansing" the soul?  B/c heck, I was cleansing body AND soul!When I was thirsty, I let the tea sommelier brew me up some fresh tea.  I guess each sommelier makes the teas differently b/c I liked my first cup better than my second, and I had the signature house blend both times.  But let's not be nit picky here.  The spa was packed since it was a Saturday and when the sommelier wasn't around, I just had to stand by the tea counter and she got the hint that I was waiting for someone to help me.Snacks could use some improving (they only had fruit and packages of pretzels), but their drink selection was vast so that made up for it.  They had almost every thing you could ask for: tea (hot and cold), coffee (decaf as well), water, OJ, and grapefruit/cranberry/grape/apple/pineapple/V8 juice (and by all the major brands in their respective categories).  I thought it was weird that there was only one small communal container of cream which they kept in the fridge, but again, no biggy.The herbal steam room was different from what I expected (I'm used to eucalyptus in my steam rooms), but it was nice and big so there was plenty of room to lay down.  And when the steam came on, DAMN, the steam really came on.  But that's how steam rooms should be- steamy ;)The cedar sauna had a nice cedar scent to it, as it should since it's labeled as such ;)  They didn't have ice towels nearby like the Mandalay spa does, but I just created my own.Ok, I know ppl are curious about the famous "Arctic Room."  Even the b/f asked me about it afterwards.  You know, at first I didn't get what the big deal was.  But then I went later in the day, sat down, and just stared at the lights in the ceiling as they changed colors, with a towel wrapped around me.  And for the first time outside of yoga, I was actually able to clear my mind!  I just listened to the music and watched the changing lights and the soap suds drift down.  Give it a try.Kudos to the staff for keeping the shower stalls nice and clean (and there were a lot of shower stalls; maybe 8?).  I often see used razors and/or hair in the shower drains, but the Qua folks made sure there was none of that.  They even had 3 different sized towels on the racks.  The shower itself had those wide rainfall heads and the heads that spray you in different directions.  Unfortunately, I couldn't get everything to spray me at the same time ;)When I wanted to work out, I changed clothes and went outside to the gym.  I spent a whopping 2 hours in there b/c the tread mills, ellipticals, and this unique side-to-side foot machine all came equipped with TVs and they had a butt-load of channels to choose from.  The equipment was all very new & the gym staff had clean towels at almost every machine, ready and waiting for you.I think about the Qua Spa every day.  The b/f asked if I'd be willing to try the Wynn or Bellagio, but I don't think Qua can be beat!  And for those of you considering Canyon Ranch at the Venetian, fuhgetabout it!  It was old & rundown :/
5	Awesome spa, I have nothing bad to say about it. From the wonderfully relaxing Lomi Lomi  massage, with the quiet masseuse, to the tea room, everything was perfect. Love, love, love the concept of sauna, steam, and cold steam rooms, and also love the different roman baths. Every blissful minute was was perfect. Qua is spot on with attention to detail. Another plus, the private showers and fully stocked changing area. Money well spent! Can't wait to go back!
5	I cant put my experience here in words. It was just...amazing. The three pools were extremely relaxing. I didn't get in the fourth hidden pool, but my grandmother did and she almost drowned. She said it was too deep and if she would have drowned then no one would have known. I don't think that it was too deep, it was that she was too short. The saunas and the ice room were freakin' A! Especially the Cedar  wood sauna, it smelled so amazing in there. My only problem with it was the naked, old ladies who were staring at me. That was kind of a kill joy. The staff was cool and helpful. The refreshments (fruit, juices, and tea) were really good too. Very fresh. THE STONE CHAIRS, how could I forget? They were the perfect place to relax, eat the fruit, and get on your own level. They were very comfortable. The only thing I didn't like was the massage. I had gotten swedish massage. I've never had a massage before then, and I don't plan on getting anymore in the future. The massage was painful and not very relaxing. However, the rest of the spa made up for it. The showers were clean and came with all the necessary stuff (deodorant, hair dryer, etc.). This was my first spa experience ever and if there are more spas like this, than it definitely wont be my last :D
5	After a night of debauchery, what could be better than hanging out at Qua? Nothing. This place is awesome and I can't WAIT to go back!!!
5	COLOR BY Michael Boychuck is right next door!  First of all, it is a maze trying to find this place.  It's on the Mezanine level. The front desk people were awesome!   I broke 3 NAILS THE NIGHT BEFORE AND WAS HAVING A CRISIS!  I WALKED IN, THEY TOOK ME RIGHT AWAY.   Everyone in there looked like they were plucked straight off the catwalk.  They could easily leave work and go straight to the club.   ALL OF THEM!  I believe her name was Cerina or Cerena.  Something like that.  She was an awesome girl from El Paso, TX!  SHE IS ONE OF THE BEST MANICURIST/NAIL TECHS ON EARTH!  My nails looked better than they did the first damn time they were done.  Bottom line:  If their work is half as good as they look...5 stars.  I was beyond happy leaving this place!
5	OH. MY. GAHHHHHHHH.Why blow $45 on a few rounds of poker when you can spend it on an entire day pass at Qua?!?  (Answer: you don't!)I can't say enough about this place...and I am way too lazy to write it all out. Just trust me, this place is AWESOMEEEEEE!!!
5	Despite getting locked in a shower and the slow and uninspired tea service, my time at Qua was perfection.  I took my best friend here the day before her Vegas wedding and we both had wonderful spa experiences with the day pass.It was ideal because we had plenty of time to chat and relax.  Of course, if I wanted total silence and privacy, I might go elsewhere.
5	WE ALL DESERVE TO PAMPER OURSELVES ANDTHIS IS DEFINITELY A PLACE TO DO SO!!!What a way to kick off our long weekend in Vegas. My best friend, her cousin, and I came to Vegas early to get some gambling and chill time in before her  "What Happens In Vegas Stays In Vegas" Bachelorette Party Weekend officially began last Thursday night.As her maid of honor I wanted to make sure she got to fully destress from wedding planning while we were on vacation. Thanks to yelp, I picked this spot and am so glad I did. Because of the priceness of treatments at many of the classy hotels along the Vegas strip, her cousin and I skipped the treatments and just went for the $45 all day pass while my BFF got a 50 minute deep tissue massage (which also gave her all day use of the facilities). She admitted it was one of the best massages she had in a long time and really liked her masseuse.As we walked into Qua (tucked away on the 2nd floor of Cesear's Palace Hotel), we were immediately welcomed by Qua staff. They brought us to the locker room area and had lockers, a robe, and water proof non-slip slippers to use for the duration of our time here. They gave us a tour and we were so excited. Just another note:The gals and guys have entirely seperate facilities...so I recommend coming her with your favorite gal pals or even on your own since you can't physically enjoy the experience with your guy.Highlights:- Roman baths room (great ambiance, serenity, water falls, soothing lighting)- Heated stone chairs (I could seriously take a nice warm nap on here for hours)- Rolled up towels everywhere- Helpful and accomodating staff- Immaculate environment (staff constantly picks up after you)- Unlimited beverages and pretzels (just help yourselfO- Lots of choices for hot tea and friendly staff that makes you hot tea upon your request- Chillaxin in the  tea room- Free shavers that come with shaving gel in them (perfect for travel).- Awesome shower experience (4 shower sprays from different directions angles, shampoo, soap, towel set up)- Bathing suit dryer (dries your swimsuit in seconds)- Everything you need to get ready (lovely vanity, blowdryers, toiletrees, and even curling irons)We spent about 2.5 hours here but could definitely can see spending a whole day here just maxing and relaxing. We wished all the other gals could have also experience this amazing treat. YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE RICH TO COME HERE SO I'M LOOKING TO SPOIL MYSELF LIKE THIS MORE OFTEN....THANKS MY FELLOW YELPERS FOR THE EXCELLENT RECOMMENDATION =)
5	The spa experience at Qua was amazing. I am a pretty avid spa goer and so far this has been the best of the best. The kamasutra massage with "Spirit" was game over. I wish they had a Qua in Los angeles.
5	I got a free coupon to use the Qua facility this past weekend and would definitely pay the $45 in the future.  I was expecting water with citrus and cucumber like in Burke Williams but the teas made up for it.  Probably the best spa I've been to.
4	This is crazy! first the smell of the spa turned me off. it was kinda stuffy and there was just some kinda weird smell. second was the decor. having been the The Spa @ Encore, this just made me feel like this hotel spa needed another renovation(think it opened not too long ago). the first service my friend and i had was Figi ritual, which was a body scrub. I have to say, why so stingy with the sugar and mosturizer when customers are paying so much for it? it's totally bullshit because after our scrubs, our skin looked the same(it was extremely dry in vegas+our skin was damn dry from winter in new york). no glow, nothing. my friend had a sunburned skin from when we were in brazil about 3 weeks ago so her skin was peeling for weeks already. well, the scrub didn't help in any way. skin still looked the same. what a disappointment.we then went to this co-ed room while waiting for our massage therapist to take us back to heaven. Jesse Burborough was my therapist and thank god he was, because he was soooo good. damn good. crazy good. i had a 50 min deep tissue because i don't want to hurt my body by having too many long massages. kinda regretted it because Jesse was extremely skillful and strong. definitely wayyyy better than the one i had at The Spa Encore(both were male therapist). Needless to say, my friend enjoyed it so much that she extended her massage to 75 min. While waiting for my friend, I decided to try out its facilities. Tried everything except for the arctic room(i came here from new york to escape from the cold, not to experience cold). all facilities were not overcrowded so there's always space for you to sit. spend about an hour trying everything before heading to the shower.the only thing i didn't like was the show not having any facial product. definitely come here.
5	Spent 3.5 hours there with a friend. Could stay longer if they are not closing at 8pm. Compared to the spa that I went to in Bellagio, the atmosphere in Qua is better. The Roman bath area is very nice with  6 heated stone chair. The arctic room (around 50F) is impressive. It has sensor inside so snow flake like bubbles would come out from the ceiling. They also have a variety of tea to choose from which is impressive. I had the blooming tea (brewed at least 10 mins for the taste to come out) and it was good. I had the pain management with biofreeze massage. I would give the massage 4-star. The massage therapist could be more gentle when moving my arms/legs/pillow/blanket around.A very clean spa with friendly staff.
5	I stayed in here for over four hours. This place is SO relaxing.  First off, I love the robes.  The inside is lined like a towel and the outside is a very soft cotton or microfiber blend that was luxurious!  It wasn't too heavy, but I knew it was doing it's job of keeping me covered and dry!I originally came here for a Hydration facial (Las Vegas dry heat = dry skin) but after talking with the "artisan", we decided to go with a Vitamin C facial with eye treatment to get rid of dead skin cells.  Soo nice.  My artisan, Shannon, was very friendly and helpful in talking to me about skin care.  When she was massaging my face, I had an almost zen-like moment. It was the perfect pressure, and her hands were moving in total symmetry.  I really don't know why I noticed that, but it was super relaxing!In addition, they have Roman baths, with heated ceramic (?) lounge beds.  There are three pools, and all are different temperatures.  I almost fell asleep sitting in the pool, and I definitely fell asleep in the heated lounge chair!Arctic room: "snow" like substance falls from the ceiling in a 55 degree room.  Apparently, you use the ice and the "snow" to rub on your skin to exfoliate.  It was really soothing to use.  I loved switching between the arctic room and the hot baths.Cedarwood Sauna: I think the title says enough.Herbal Steam room: mmm I was so ready to fall asleep. You know it's a steam room when you can't clearly see the people around you.  Only bad is that people kept leaving the door open when leaving/entering, so sometimes I'd get a rush of cold air.Tea room: Lots of hot teas to choose from with sofa chairs & ottomans.  People came here to read and relax, as well as to wait for the artisans to come get us.I was so relaxed after this, my friend and I could barely bring ourselves to leave!  I would recommend coming at least an hour and a half before your appointment to try everything out.  Also, morning would probably be a better time since the facilities are emptier.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going back!
5	Since most of the reviews here are by women, I'll add a little something different by reviewing from a guy's perspective. I'm not in any way a spa pro. Honestly, this was my first full on spa experience. I just hope I didn't get too spoiled or else my standards will be high and all the other spas will have a high expectation to meet. It's Vegas, it's pricey, but it was well worth it.Even though Qua services men and women, inside is not coed so don't worry ladies, you won't have a bunch of men gauking at you. My first treatment was the Men's Body Optimizer which is like a facial+massage on your back. My artisan was Shannon. She was totally cool and made me feel relaxed and comfortable. I would definitely come back to her for other treatments if I can in the future. The experience was great, my back felt fresh and smooth. I almost fell asleep during the treatment but I didn't want to waste the experience so I fought the sleepiness off.I have never gotten a manicure ever in my life. My female friends would always suggest it to me but I would just kind of brush it off. This time, I was like screw it and let's go for the full pampering. Shawna worked on me in the barber shop with that. She's cool as hell. She told me, "If you meet a girl tonight and you have better looking fingers/fingernails then her, she's NOT the one you want." I was impressed with the work she done. She was also very knowledgeable with the random questions I had for her that pertained to the hands, fingers, fingernails, etc.I wished I had more time but now that I know what to expect from Qua, I'm definitely going to give myself plenty of hours the next time I come back. I usually spend my Saturdays in Vegas moping around, recovering from the trainwreck night before. Now, I'm just going to spend it at Qua.The four different saunas are great. I hopped into 3 out of the 4 and was just lost in a state of trance. Unfortunately, I did not get to try the three bath tubs with different temperatures. Next time!The "tea room" as they call it is pretty chilled. Just hang out, grab a few non-alcoholic drinks, snacks, chill out in your robe, and watch tv. I didn't have time to use their gym facility either which was a bummer but I'm sure it would've been pretty cool.The staff was very professional and helpful. They made you feel at home and complied with any request you asked for. I wish I had more time to experience everything but I'll leave that to the next Vegas trip. All I can say is that this experience was "money." I'm definitely going to try to fit it into my future Sin City trips. If you do give Qua a chance, give yourself plenty of time to hang out and utilize what they offer. Don't just come in, get your treatment and leave. You will be missing out on a lot.
5	I had an entire Sunday afternoon to kill before my evening flight home, so I decided to get a day pass to Qua.  It was far and away the best spa experience that I have ever had.   I would have stayed for days if I didn't have a plane to catch.  The few times that I had been to Vegas, I had gone to the Canyon Ranch Spa in the Venetian.  Canyon Ranch is nice.  Don't get me wrong.  But Qua?  Qua is amazing.  I actually had a few moments where I was thinking to myself... How could I make my own home look more like Qua?  Could I make 3 beautiful pools of different temperatures with a rain shower in the middle in my house?  Never mind that I rent and I live with 2 guys, BUT STILL, a woman can dream.   It has that Zen quality that is hard to find.  Welcoming and relaxing.  Not snotty.  There is a robe sauna so that you can warm your robe while you soak.  A robe sauna, people!   Take some time out for yourself in Vegas and go to Qua.  You can undo all of the damage that you have done to yourself.  Don't blame me if you start planning your own Qua-esque roman bath at home.
5	I'm not really a spa type person and were it not for YELP I probably would have never ended here, but am glad I did.  $45 gets you access to the dry sauna, the steam room, the other steam room with a sink to shave in (it's like shaving butter), a hot tub jacuzzi and a separate jaw-dropping roman bath room with 3 mineral baths, one super warm, one super cold... and one just right.   I spent about an hour in the just right one.   There is also an arctic chill room with snow flakes falling from the ceiling, which feels pretty nice after cooking in a hot tub or sauna.Great for detoxing, great for relaxing.
5	Like what everyone has said before me --  the PLACE is amazing.  It truly is the BEST spa experience.I went at 7:30 AM and stayed there until 11AM enjoying all the amenities.  I spent a good time in the tea lounge just sipping tea and munching on pretzels.  It served as a break before I headed off to the sauna, then arctic room and steam room cycle again :).  The steam room definitely helped my throat feel  better from the desert dry air.  The herbal steam room helps!The Roman baths were especially nice.  The sounds of the water bubbling and falling makes it tranquil.  The stone slabs were so comfortable as well.  For anyone visiting Vegas, QUA spa is definitely worth $45 dollars for the whole day.  Why lose money when you can splurge at a Spa and take care of yourself?
5	Las Vegas is a place of excess and overindulgence.  In true Vegas fashion, Qua offers nothing short of that.  Albeit at a price. The jury's still out on whether or not the 20-minute hydrotherapy session was worth the $75 + tip.  However, the steam and sauna rooms with an in-and-our privilege would definitely be worth the $45 facility fee.So would the amazing Roman baths and tiny little details (who would've thought of the assortment of sterilized hair brushes?).  And the cold room - aptly known as the Arctic, complete with real snow flakes and cooling breeze which contrast the 110 deg dry heat outside.
4	I love going to Qua soon after I arrive in Vegas. This time I went the day after my arrival and got a spray on tan. There was some initial confusion with their reservations - they booked me for a different service at the Color Salon across the way and when I tried to straighten it out, the phone receptionist was kind of nasty and just shined me on to a manager (the right thing to do, but why with such attitude?). Ultimately they were helpful about straightening everything out and I got the service I expected.They are just so nice there. When my treatment was done, they encouraged me to hang out and sit around drinking tea and reading.  I really enjoy the atmosphere there and even when there are other people around it feels very peaceful. I would pay their day use fee without blinking an eye, but I usually get one service. The perfect start to any trip to Vegas.
5	One of the loveliest, if not the loveliest spa I have visited.  I went with my sister, mother and aunt for a family girl's day out and it was an awesome getaway...very relaxing and peaceful!  They have amazing facilities...with the roman baths and the tea room being the highlight of my trip!I consider it a definite must go while your in Vegas!  It's a great place to go to experience the unique contrasts of the strip in it's ability to create a getaway of any kind in having the given hustle and bustle of the casinos juxtaposed to a serene, state of the art spa!
5	great spa,best treatment is the one with oils and the sick ass 10 shower head bath after!!! this is the best spa treatment ever!i would definitly suggest going to the spa early and going around to all the pools and then making an appointment for the oil and shower massage. this will blow ur mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!sorry guys i forgot the name, but if u describe it, that they massage you with oils and put u in a 10 head, u should be able to get it!!oh and the body wash, and shampoos smell phenomenal.best spa in vegas!
4	4 and 1/2 stars. I really enjoyed my time at Qua the positive reviews are dead on! It was an amazing experience! The Arctic Room was tops in my book especially when dealing with the Vegas heat during the summertime!  The tea room was fantastic complete with all you can drink juices and tea!  Roman tubs were great along with the showers and everything else they offered. The only deduction I can make is that the staff seemed a bit unprofessional (they were kids 18-22) when I got there. However, towards the end of my stay at QUA the staff arriving seemed to be more professional. One guy was especially helpful when he asked me how the whirlpool was. He turned it up for me and even added bubbles. QUA is a amazing place and can't be missed while in Vegas! Thanks fellow yelpers!  I think if Caesar's Palace hires the utmost professional staff for all shifts the place will further improve.  My lady friend enjoyed her stay at QUA as well!
5	My sister took me here for my Bday and it was amazing. Snow in the artic room, saunas, and no better way to top the day than with a massage.. Love it here.
5	Wow.  Just go.  It's worth the money, and especially if you stay for @ least 2 hours, it's definitely worth your money!  I loved all of the roman baths, even the cold one, b/c the fear of getting in made it much more intense and the feeling was just a refreshing shock from the super hot bath.  Once you get out, it feels really good!  Anyhow, yes you have to try the baths, the jacuzzi, the artic room w/ fake snow, the herbal steam that's so thick you can't cut it w/ a sword, and the dry cedar sauna.  Ohhh yeah, the showers are beautiful and relaxing....although I got confused on temperature and spent 5 minutes figuring it out.  The hairdryers here were weak, it barely dried my hair, but it's my fault for having super thick hair.  Anyhoo, try the iced tea.  Once I tasted it, I squealed in delight and the other four girls with me promptly tasted it and commented how heavenly it tasted.  I can't comment how, just try it.I'm not ashamed to admit it, but I did load up on the snacks.  Since we were leaving the next morning, I took two bananas, a few bags of pretzels, several bottles of water, and about 8 cans of juices.  Hah, no shame, and especially considering what the sundries were charging for fruit and water?  HELLLLS NO.....When I come back to Vegas, this is definitely on my top 5 to do list.
5	I recommend reserving at least a few hours when coming to this spa.  The spa itself is gorgeous and you feel so fabulous and glamorous hanging out under the showers and relaxing in the different temperature roman baths.  Loved the snow room, sauna, super hot bath.  Also, highly enjoyed sitting in the tea room- I got to choose from a large assortment of teas.  I chose the detox tea which utilized ginger for detoxification.  My friend particularly loved the bags of pretzels and the refrigerator stocked with juices: pineapple, grapefruit, apple, vegetable to name a few.  Also fruits: oranges, apples, bananas.  There was a huge amount of high class showers - plenty of shower heads aimed right at you for more efficient showering?  Delicious minty soap, conditioner, shampoo, too.There is a huge vanity section with razors & shaving cream, travel sized toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, deodorant (anti-stink for the clubs, haha), lotion, hairsprays, hairgels, curling irons, blowdryers, flat irons *breathe* phew, the list can go on but I might pass out telling you all the amenities.  Just go check it out - I was satisfied just getting the $45 day pass which allows you to check out all these things I mentioned.  There are also other services, which I have yet to check out when I've got a little more cash to spend.  Next time!
5	If you can afford it (and I certainly couldn't but went anyway!) do this the next time you are in Vegas.  Make sure you make a day of it because this place is amazing.  Book a massage and use the other facilities the rest of the day, you will be so relaxed! We made the mistake of only getting massages and then leaving and I really regret it- the showers are out of this world and the jacuzzis looked really enticing but I didn't have my swimsuit   :(
5	I'm not much of a spa-goer, but my friend wanted to indulge at our trip to Vegas.  I came here already knowing what to expect after reading all the reviews about Qua from Yelp.  I have nothing but good to say about the facility and workers.  I came on a Tuesday morning so the facility was not crowded.  I had two treatments, which were the $99 special on the facial and the stone therapy massage.  The stone therapy massage was bliss.  I'm easily pleased so any massage would be fine, but decided to try something different.  I won't go into details about the massage since you should experience it for yourself, but it's not a typical massage.  The hot stones are used to massage the body.  At first, when the stones were applied on the skin, it felt very hot, but I adjusted to the heat and it felt amazing.  You can always ask to have the stones not so hot, but it was perfect for me.  The facility itself is huge.  I didn't realize how big it was after taking the tour then finding out the maze of treatment rooms.  I went through various hallways just to get to my treatment room.  Some extras that were not mentioned on previous posts (or I may have overlooked):-There is a quick dryer for your bathing suit.-There is a sauna for your bathrobe or towels before you enter the roman baths.-There are no half sizes on the slippers-The white peach tea is best after a facial.-There is one private changing room next to the locker room.-If you parked in the parking lot of Ceasar's Palace, it takes about a 10-15 minute walk to get to Qua (in the Augustus Tower).-Gratuity is not added onto your bill automatically.
5	As I said I had no idea what was going on for my bachelorette - and my sisters Cathy and Cyn booked me a massage appointment! I thought we were just doing facilities use.Jesse was awesome, he asked about what scents I like and that was great. I dont like citrus, I wanted to relax and that just wakes me up. My massage was great - at first we thought I got a deep tissue, but it was classic and he worked well, added a more pressure.The place tiself is nice too. Beautiful and relaxing. The attendants brew your tea - be careful - its super hot out of one of those japanese hot water things.I loved the artic room the best - I dont know - Im a fog girl. And the ice was nice to exfoliate with the "snow" mosturizer. Especially after LV heat.I lounged in the spa ALL DAY - litterally 12-5, because my girls all came in at different times. It was so beautiful and rejuvenating - and I needed it from the crazy night before and the crazy weekend ahead.
5	Hell to the ya!!! I could have spent my whole trip here and been thrilled. This is a beautiful spa. Booked a Kama Sutra with Shirodhara treatment for the wife and I. Got there about 35 minutes early, thanks Yelpers for the heads up. Thoroughly enjoyed the herbal steam and the mineral water Jacuzzis prior to our treatment. The actual treatment was good, not great, I prefer a more intense massage, but the wife does not. But the scalp massage and scrubs were great. And then you are separated back to the Men's side and again really enjoyed the facilities, big showers, very cool steam room that you can shave in, and then hit the Arctic room. Though there was kind of an odd guy in there, doing squats thrusts naked. Then chilled in the lounge area for a bit enjoying some juice and snacks. Met up with the wife at the reception area and were both very pleased. Next time I will get there earlier and enjoy the amenities longer.
5	HEAVEN. It makes Burke Williams Spa look like a piece of shit. Caeser's comped us for one day here. It was so damn amazing we came back the next day. Great way to sucker us in Caeser's! My fav: The Artic Room. Sounds cold, but it was chilled at just the right temperature. It felt sooo good coming in here after sitting in the sauana or steam room. REFRESHING! Every few minutes, a skin moisturizing foam comes out from the ceiling giving the illusion that it's snowing in there. You can even crank out shaved ice to rub on your body or throw at your friends. Also, the mineral bath jacuzzi and all its different temperature pools are badass.
5	Oh what can i say bad about this place, NUTTIN!  Perfection from beginning to end.  I now know how I want my next house to look.  This place is SWANKY!!  I had the classic massage $200 - $25 for group discount  plus 20% tip... So not cheap... but we spent a good amount of time in the Roman Baths... they have refreshments, tea room, steam room, showers, vanity area...  I dozed off with my massage which i dont recommend...  cuz it felt like a 30 min massage when it was really a 75 minute one hahaa...  If im gonna shell out bucks for a killer massage, i'd like to actually remember it :)  GOLLY, makes me happy just thinking about this place.  Seriously!  5 BIG friggen stars.
5	I have never been to a better spa than the Qua Spa. Hugh, wonderfully appointed, clean, amazing service, I could live here if they'd let me! I love alternating from the steam room to the ice room, back and forth, back and forth. ;) I love how the steam room is herb scented, the steam is perfect for my sinus's which get so dry from the desert air. I come out of this spa every time feeling so amazingly refreshed and clean! I can't wait till my next visit!
5	very nice, the arctic rooms is awesome. very clean, everytime i walk around, there was someone mopping behind me. best i've seen in vegas yet.
4	I selected this spa due to the positive reviews I read on Yelp. This is a high-quality spa located in Caesar's Palace (next to Bellagio), along the Las Vegas Strip. The facilities are soothing and well-constructed. The staff was attentive and worked hard to keep me comfortable and happy with my experience. The  various rooms - sauna - inhalation room - etc. were nice and well-maintained. The so-called 'arctic room' was a joke. Other reviewers have written about the falling snow... yeah, right. The room is chilled to probably 55 degrees and the 'snow' is actually little soap or some other kind of bubbles pumped-in through a pipe in the ceiling... pretty hokey. Still, the Roman Baths and hot tubs were awesome and the massages that my wife and I received were first-rate. Our treatments were scheduled for 1PM. We arrived at 12 and enjoyed the baths for an hour. Then we had our massages and returned to enjoy the baths for another 1.5 hours. In other words, plan to spend 3-4 hours at Qua to get the most bang-for-your-buck.
5	The Lowdown:- 51 treatment rooms, including 3 couples' suite, 7 facial rooms, and wet rooms with Vichy showers- Credit card needed to secure booking.- No cancellations on the same day as the appointment.- Arrive 30m before appointment for a tour of facilities and have time to change and use heat and water areas. Suit optional.- Booking a treatment or day pass is valid until the close of business so you can leave for meal and return if you like.----If you've never been to a spa before, and decide to go to Qua, be forewarned that your experience here will spoil you for other spas. Seriously, the spas in the City of Sin should be in a category of their own when it comes to rejuvenation and relaxation. Hell, I work in a spa, and while I think the spa I work in is one of the best in the DC area, the moment I stepped into Qua, I thought, "Wow, this place is amazing! It makes my spa look like [insert colorful language here]." I called earlier this week to make appointments for Friday, October 30th.  I work as a spa concierge for a hotel spa, so I have the very same job as the agent I spoke with. As such, I tend to be a bit more critical than your average spa guest. The phone call is your first point of contact with a spa, and therefore, is their chance to establish a positive "handshake" with a guest. The agent, while polite, kind of mumbled and spoke in a monotone voice. While I knew exactly what treatments I wanted and how much they cost, she didn't go over the price, or asked any questions to see if that treatment was right for me. This would never fly at my spa, because we have guests who book massages, not knowing the cost, only to get pissed at check-out and blame the concierge who made the booking, which results in management getting involved. She answered a few questions for me, but spent more time describing the amenities for the vanity instead of say, the heat and water areas. I hung up the phone and thought, "Wow, do they not get mystery shopped at Qua?" Also, there was no confirmation call the day before the treatment, so make sure you remember the date and time of your appointment. Qua recommends arriving 30 minutes prior to your appointment time. Now at check-in, Vegas spas do things a bit differently. They make you pay for your treatment upfront. Gratuity for your therapist may be added after your treatment using the same credit card you used to pay. They give you a ticket in an envelope which you will present to the front desk staff when you enter the spa. They will ask you what size shoe you have, and after getting some slippers, will lead you on a tour of the facilities. The locker rooms are digi-locks, so you can pick a 4-digit combo. There is a private changing area next door if you're feeling modest. There are three areas for heat and water. The Roman Baths contain three pools of varying temperatures. There's one for body temperature, a hot tub, and a cold plunge pool. In this area there is also a shower located in the center of the pools. There are also two shower stalls to rinse off. I particularly liked the heated stone loungers in this area. On one wall, you can turn on the jets and the showers and set how long you'd like them to run. There is also a lift available for disabled guests, which is great, but keep in mind that this area gets slippery easily. The second area is the jacuzzi, which is located near the showers and vanity. The third area includes an herbal steam bath, a cedarwood dry sauna, and an arctic room. I was impressed with the arctic room--it wasn't too cold, especially after sitting in the steam room. I loved that there was an ice fountain and that foam floated down from the ceiling.There are showers, restrooms, and vanities stocked with a variety of products and equipment. They supply things like soap, shampoo/conditioner, and lotion, but they don't have facial products or makeup. There is mouthwash, dental sets, razors, q-tips, tampons/pads, shower caps, etc.The tea lounge is where your therapist will come to pick you up for your treatment. Qua offers a different tea menu for men and women. The variety of teas for women is greater than for men. The men's tea menu had a lot more traditional teas such as Silver Needle, while the women's tea menu had more flavored teas, like White Peach. You do not prepare your own tea--rather, a spa attendant will make it for you. Other food amenities include coffee (regular/decaf), pretzels, oranges, apples, iced tea, and a mini fridges stocked with little cans of juice and water. Bottled water is plentiful.The staff here is extremely professional and will wait on you hand and foot. They do a fantastic job of keeping the facilities immaculate. Honestly, I cannot say enough good things about this spa, and I haven't even gotten to my review of my spa treatment yet! If you're in Vegas (and you're not pregnant or can't use heat/water facilities), you really should make it a point to stop here. You won't regret it!
5	Hands Down..THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!!!Qua Spa, from the last time I visited you, I haven't forgotten about my experience and the serenity @ your place.for the 1st time ever.i give this place..*********** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ***********I love you, Qua Spa!Ladies, make a visit, even for the facilities for $30 per day.. you'll walk out like the Queen of Qua.XOXO!!*********** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ********************** TWENTY STARS ***********
5	Whoops, I exceeded the 5,000 character limit for my review on Qua. This is an extension of that review for my spa treatment.I had booked the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage with no gender preference for therapist ("Artisan" as they're referred to at Qua). I typically get Swedish massages, but what drew me to this treatment was that it uses mainly long, continuous flowing strokes and compressions, which I generally prefer in massage. While this is not an authentic Lomi Lomi massage (the website said it's "based on Hawaiian concepts"), the therapists are trained by a renowned Hawaiian medicine specialist. My therapist Carole promptly picked me up in the Tea Lounge and escorted me to the treatment room. When you check in at Qua, they don't have you fill out a consultation form like some spas. In the room, Carole asked me a few questions about any particular ailments/pains and then left the room so I could disrobe and get on the table. Now the treatment bed looks a bit hokey because of the big Hawaiian-esque blanket covering it, but the bed itself was very comfy and the therapist can adjust the bed mechanically. At first I was a bit concerned, as I had viewed videos of Lomi Lomi on youtube and they drape their clients a lot differently. For traditional Lomi Lomi, a piece of cloth is folded into a triangle and it basically covers your butt crack, or the client would wear a bikini bottom or thong. I was relieved that at Qua, they drape you like you would with a regular massage, although Carole assured me she can drape it Hawaiian-style, too.This type of massage is extremely relaxing. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes Aromatherapy or Swedish massage who prefers light to medium pressure but not the super firm pressure associated with Deep Tissue. Carole massaged me from head to toe and also incorporated some stretches for my legs and arms. The massage oil she used smelled so good, too. Of course, working in a spa, I had to get me some spa gossips. Carole has been with the spa since it opened. Her favorite treatments are the water therapies (Vichy showers) and their Signature Hour Glass Treatment, where you book the time and can incorporate your choice of treatments for the time booked. I was also amazed to learn that Qua has 70 therapists! At least 27 of them are full-time, too. 75 minutes flew by quickly, and at the conclusion of your treatment, the therapist rings a bell to signal that your spa journey has ended. After checking to see if I had water, Carole left the room so I could change into my robe. At the sink there was a copy of my receipt, and it is here that you can choose to leave gratuity for your therapist and the spa attendants. The amount is billed to the credit card you used to pay with at check-in. If you would like to pay the gratuity with cash, I would imagine you would need to take it with you when you go into treatment or perhaps leave it at the front desk as you are leaving the spa. Your therapist will then lead you through the maze of the 50+ treatment rooms back to the spa, where you can continue relaxing in the jacuzzi, steam room, or Tea Lounge.Carole was an amazing therapist and did a fantastic job helping me to relax. I also had a pain in my left hip/glute due to standing all day at work and she helped alleviate the pain. It was nice to walk around without a sharp pain in that area for last few weeks. Having a treatment here makes me wonder if it's worth the 3+ hour drive to visit their sister property in Atlantic City. Only one way to find out, then!
5	Listened to my fellow Yelpers when I need a place to relax last weekend.  This did not disappoint.Started off with a workout (I know, why exercise in Vegas).  Excellent facilities with a plethora of equipment, towels and refrigerated waters.  I liked that there were places where you could just stretch out and use their mats or the designated area for weights.Love the locker system, which is keyless.  No bracelets or extra things to carry around.  It did get a little crowded there, and with one double-wide bench down the center - space was sometimes at a premium.  I started in the Roman baths.  The best is of course the one that's "juuuust right".  I tried sitting in the hot bath, but it was too much for me.  Same goes for the chilly bath.  There's also a continuous shower in the center of the room that I wanted to stand under, but thought that might look odd.Before I continue, I want to say that there was a very strong (read:  relaxing) aromatherapy, herbal scent wafting throughout the Roman baths, jacuzzi and steam room.  Just another layer of comfort, as far as I was concerned.The Arctic Ice room wasn't really that cold, but after 10+ minutes I didn't think I would ever get enough 'snow' to satisfy me.  The steam room was hilarious.  Every other time the door opened, it would activate.  And keep going.  And going.  And going.  And going.  You thought we would die of humidifier overload or something.  I found the lanconium room, which I could not figure out for the life of me what the purpose was.  However, seating was very comfortable and the room itself was rather peaceful (primarily because it's not in the main hallways, and therefore few are able to locate it).  I didn't spend enough time in the Tea room because it was always to capacity and the tea sommelier was nowhere to be found.  Perhaps next time.  I did make a point of having some of their pretzels and iced tea offered in the hallway.Showers are fantastic.  Love the vichy-style shower heads in addition to the rainfall one.  Totally and completely worth the $45 day use fee.
4	Nice facilities and friendly service. Took my parents here for my mom's birthday and they both loved it. Not co-ed, so my dad enjoyed the facilities on his own, and I had QT with Mom on the ladies' side. She fell asleep on the heated tile lounge beds! We each had the classic massage... my therapist aka "artisan" let me choose the oil or lotion, and the scent. Minor thing, but my mom's artisan didn't really ask her what she wanted. I know it's a small thing, but it's the little details that should be consistent if you're running a luxury day spa. Anyways, I would definitely return on my next visit to Vegas. Try their iced tea. It's delicious.
4	It was pretty nice, relaxing, the roman baths are great, it wasnt very crowded on a monday around noon. Only issue i had was with the service. There was no one in the tea room. Nobody offered me a tour. I had to figure everything out on my own and i felt dumb and lost and looked the part. Once i figured everything out (on my own) it was pretty nice. The chilled room is great and so is the herbal steam room. I would go again. I got a 50 minute massage special for 99.99 and it was -- Okay.. Ive had massages that were equally enjoyable for half the price. I would go just for the spa visit.
4	On my my first trip to Vegas (yes ever) I wanted to go all out. So the morning after we flew in, I booked myself a morning at the spa. The entrance is lovely; you check it at a desk next to the salon and pay up front, which I really liked. You then walk through the gift shop (haha) to enter a long, stone hallway. There is water cascading down the walls, soft blue lighting; it really begins to set the mood for your experience. At the 'T' intersection, women go left, men go right. Yes, separate facilities. Lovely. At the desk, I was given a robe and slippers in my size and then given a short tour of the Roman Baths, the robe warmer (keeps it warm while you enjoy the baths), and given a locker. The 4 key lock for the locker was ridiculously easy to understand. After changing, I wandered to the waiting area; the Tea room, where a Tea sommelier prepares tea for you, according to your tastes or treatments. It's a lovely space, with lots of cushy seating. There are two fridges, filled with all sorts of fruit juices and water. As well as coffee, iced tea, water and snacks. My esthetician, Lisa, was very prompt, and led me through the crazy maze of treatment rooms. She left me to change and fill out the skin analysis form, which seemed to be a bit lacking in pertinent questions. I took maybe 2 minutes to fill out the form, and another 2 minutes to change. She knocked on the door 3 times in that span. Give a girl a second, okay?!At the start of the facial, she seemed hurried and rushed. I guess my 4 minutes threw her off. And when she broke out the Clairsonic brush, all I could think was 'well, there goes $180 down the drain'. But as she relaxed and settled, I was able to as well. Her pace slowed, her touch became more methodical. At the end of the facial, I had lovely, un-angry skin and felt incredibly relaxed. It was an incredibly in-depth facial, with elements I'd never experienced before. I then took off to the Roman Baths...and realized I'd forgotten my suit. Well...it's suit-optional, so in I went! I started in the body temperature pool and then quickly doused myself in the cold and jumped into the hot. My skin was on icy-fire! It was amazing. At the back of each pool was a waterfall, and it felt amazing to let that pelt down on my head as my body was submerged. A few of the lounge chairs around the pool are made of stone and heated! Oh, that was heavenly. I also checked out the Arctic Ice Room, which was interesting. It's chilled to 55 degrees, with heated benches. The chute on the left side of the room delivers crushed ice for use in exfoliation and tiny purple/blue LEDs light the space. Ever few minutes, tiny, tiny bits of foam/snow rain down from the ceiling. It's pretty fun. :) I wasn't able to check out the steam room as my esthetician recommended against it. The dry sauna was delightful. Bone-melting-ly delightful. Not insanely hot, which I so appreciated. Once I was ready to leave, I hit the showers. Each shower has a small ante-room, for you to hang your robe/clothing and it's completely out of the way of the shower. Lots of hooks and towel bars. The shower itself was great; three shower heads. The pressure could of been better....a lot better. But nice. The vanity/bathroom area was lovely. Lots of seating space and great amenities provided. The moveable makeup mirrors were an amazing extra and I was able to take my sweet time getting ready for the day. I spent about 2 hours total there and enjoyed (nearly) all of it. :)
2	Wow, I'm so disappointed in this spa!!! I think maybe I was expecting too much after reading all the glowing reviews here. :(I came here on a Saturday morning around 9 AM, and no one was really at the front desk to check me in, give me a robe, etc. A worker was rushing around and finally yelled over her shoulder, "Sorry, I'll be right with you, we're SUUUUUPER busy today." Um, not the most relaxing. I just paid upfront $230 dollars for my 70 minute hot stones massage - and arrived an hour early to relax and get into the "spa-zone" - and you are NOT helping.After a super quick tour of the facilities by the same busy woman, along with 3 other women loudly speaking an eastern-european language and largely ignoring the tour guide, making it hard for me to hear, she shoves a too-small robe in my hands and bolts. I change into my robe, wander into the relaxation room, and try to get some of this AMAZING white peach tea I've heard about. Except, there was literally NO ONE around to make it for me.Now, I would easily have made it myself,  but it was loose-leaf tea and there was some weird contraption that I didn't know how to work, and the tour lady had said that there was a specific tea person who would helping me. So, I just had a glass of the iced tea, which was ok, but not really what I wanted.One thing that really bothered me was that there was only bottled water and paper cups for the tea - obviously, this spa does not care very much about being sustainable. I think I drank at least four 12 oz bottles of water after my treatment to flush out my toxins.  I hope that they recycle, but it didn't look like it since everything went into the same bin. Why the lack of simple iced water in a pitcher, and real glasses/mugs for the tea - both hot and cold tea were served in paper cups. Blech.So after a few minutes of sitting in the relaxation room, I realized that I was not feeling the relaxation coming on. Reason - the SCORES of people shouting in a caucaphony of languages, along with the loud bachelorette party screaming and making jokes. At every other spa I've been to, there is an attempt to make the space feel serene. No staffer ever told anyone to quiet down, and the result was really disappointing.The only reason this spa is getting 2 stars - one, my massage was lovely and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Two, I loved the facilities - the different rooms and spa baths were great - it was just such a shame that the atmosphere was not at all relaxing, and that the staff felt too busy to help me.Overall, I feel like this spa just didn't want to turn away anyone's money - hence the overcrowding atmosphere. Perhaps they have also cut down on the number of staff to assist you. The result is quite disappointing.For the price I paid, I should have saved my money and gone to a more low-key but relaxing place. It's Vegas though, so just remember that all those gimmicks (all the pools, etc.) will cost you extra, but may leave you feeling empty.
5	I want to go back & do it again! This was my first time being in a spa & getting a professional massage....so for me to come back to DC has been extremely hard. After a long day of drinking & eating & Dancing and not sleeping much; this turned out to be the BEST way to recover from damaging so much of my body. The location was pretty easy to get to once in Ceasers Palace...the water falls as you walk to the main entrance really clear your mind and bring the much needed peace everyone should have while in Vegas. I had the 50 minute basic massage which was amazing and well done. The rooms and areas within the spa property were simply amazing!!! When you're a guest there, you get to use the facilities from the moment you arrive until 8pm that day. I started off in the herbal sauna that opened up my pores all over while I breathed in the strong / yet peaceful sent of lavender....it just made the experience a little bit more unique and special for me. After my pores were open from the steam, I moved into the Artic room which is cold (about 50 degree's I believe or lower) and it snows inside!!! You heard right, but what is in the snow is even cooler, it's got little micro beads to scrub your body with as it closes up your pores from the coldness in there. I then moved to the Roman baths which were amazing, they also had luke warm water falls that you can walk through and heated stone reclining chairs that you can rest on, or rest your towels on. 10 minutes before my massage I waited in the tea room, where they serve you a cup of any type loose leaf tea you'd like to help you relax even more. It's silent inside except for the sounds of the water falls all around you & it's lovely. If you get a chance to go there, there's better deals on Mon. - Thurs. (about $99 for a regular 50 minute massage rather than the $140 that it normally costs all other times and days). I strongly recommend this place, especially if you're trying to escape from the gambling madness, the loud club music, or just simply trying to recover your own liver and organs from the damage you've done to it in Vegas ;-)
5	After the Las Vegas Marathon, this was exactly what I needed.  A spa treatment and half a day to hang around their facilities.  The staff is really nice, if they're not short handed. And the facilities are the best I've seen.It was so awesome that I went back for a second treatment that same trip.
4	Oh wow.  Going here is definitely a trip unto itself.You can pay for a bath house pass (which, really, is all you need), and you get access to the (clothing optional - why are people so squeamish about getting naked in front of others of the same sex?) baths where you will get a super hot bath, a super cold bath, and one in between, nifty heated tiled lounging couches, nice wicker furniture to snooze on, a steam room, a dry sauna, a 'snow' room, a tea lounge, gratis beverages and snacks, and a shower and vanity area complete with hairdryers, curlers, hairbrushes, and complimentary (for the ladies anyway - gents will have to discover on their own what's in theirs - sorry!) razors, shaving cream, hair spray/gel, and deodorant!  It's a seriously rockin' concept and damn near great implementation.4 instead of 5 stars because:1) The massage package the honey and I had was so not worth the price charged, but hey, I guess that's what you get in Vegas.2)  Someone needs to be checking the seating areas everywhere all the time.  We were waiting in the co-gender waiting area and noticed that it looked like some woman with flow had sat down.  We had to call staff to clean it up.  Ew.  They provide unlimited towels everywhere.  Use them early and often.  Don't sit on anything not underwater without a towel under you.3)  Snow room was kinda lame.  Got soap in my eye.4)  They need a dedicated person to tend the tea lounge.  People should not have to be waiting 15 minutes (twice) to get some of the special tea that is advertised.I would go here again, oh yes.  Wish we had a place like this near my home.
4	This spa is fantastic.  I spent an hour before my treatment (deep tissue massage) and an hour after my treatment in the spa...if my husband wouldn't have been waiting for me, I could have spent all day here.  The massage (by Spirit) was one of the best massages I've ever had -- when I go back I will ask for Spirit.  I wanted to give the spa 5 stars, however, I also had a brow wax -- the waxer had her cell phone on and in her pocket and it rang directly in my ear twice -- this typically wouldn't be that big of a deal given that this isn't a very relaxing treatment, but in a spa that has signs for guests to turn their cell phones off, the people who work there shouldn't even have cell phones on their person much less have them turned on!  Worse yet, the waxer's hair was long and not pulled back and it fell into my mouth twice...from that point on I kept my mouth completely shut.  My brows look nice, but cell phone ringing in the ear and hair in my mouth does not make for great service!  I'm glad I had the wax first and the nice relaxing, fabulous massage second.  It's worth repeating that the massage was fantastic.
4	Went here on New Years Day, which worked out as an awesome remedy from complications due to too much fun the night before. We originally had planned to go to the Spa at Encore, but they weren't taking outside reservations so we decided to give Qua a chance. We weren't disappointed. Since we weren't staying at Caesars, we made the trek from Self Parking to the spa in about 15 minutes, putting us at Check in about 30 minutes before our treatment was scheduled. After walking through the gift shop and down a few hallways, made it to the attendants desk. I was given a robe, locker, and shoes, and then just left there. I saw other people getting a tour of the facilities, but unfortunately I wasn't graced with one. Whatever, I made my way to the steam rooms, sauna, and arctic room. After about 20 minutes I was fetched for my treatment. I had the classic massage for 50 minutes and it was great, however I would have preferred more pressure than I received, but what are you gonna do? A few people have complained about the price, but come on, its Vegas. All in all, it was a great Spa and I wished i would have set aside more time in order to enjoy the facilities. The reason I gave for 4 stars was the lack of a tour which kind of set an awkward tone for me, as I had never been to this facility before. If i had gotten a tour, I would have been able to take more advantage of the facilities. On an aside, I was put off by the presence of another guy and his "escort" in the sauna and other areas. I came to the spa to relax, not to feel awkward, keep that crap behind closed doors. I guess some really play into that whole "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" thing.
4	With rough hewn rock walls and rainshower accents Qua combines modern amenities with classical Roman elements for a memorable experience. The Roman Baths--a warm effervescent mineral water pool accompanied by a very hot spa and cold plunge, are lined with ergonomic heated stone chaises (surprisingly relaxing) and a robe sauna. There is a more standard, (very hot) hot tub area as well, adjoined by a Cedarwood Sauna, Inhalation Room, Herbal Steam Bath, and an Arctic Ice Room--which snows on you! The fitness center is one of the best on the Strip, their retail shop is massive and broad minded (even included Kama Sutra products for couples) and women can get the celebrity treatment in Michael Boychuck's gorgeous adjoining Color salon (men may opt for the Spa's barber suite). A nicely varied treatment menu includes several intriguing couples services. On the minus side, lockers and lounges are oddly cramped, showers and overall navigation are confusing, with some long hallways.I enjoyed the Arabian Nights facial & body treatment, using Arabica coffee and dead sea salt to exfoliate and stimulate, followed by hot towel applications. Next time, I'm getting the banana leafs!
5	I had an amazing time here! I didn't have any services done, just paid $45 for the day pass. I sat in the different pools, enjoyed some tea, and just had a very relaxing hour. They provide you with everything you need - flip flops, hair cap, curling iron, hair gel, deodorant, toothpaste, etc. They were lacking the snacks department, only pretzels, bananas, apples and oranges. All the women were wearing swimsuits. I loved the multiple shower heads in the shower.
2	decided to check out this spa after recieving some spafinder gift certificates from the hubby after christmas and while the Roman baths and spa area looked beautiful and my 75 minute massage was good, I wasn't really keen on the idea of being presented with my ticket/tab immediately upon completion of the massage. I thought it was a little strange to have to pay upfront once you check in and then the second after the massage is over, i.e. before you even leave the room, you're asked to fill out the ticket for gratuity right away. didn't really get a chance to check out the other areas of the spa since we had plans for the day, but it looked nice. probably wouldn't go back since the prices seem a little overrated. Would probably choose The Mirage.
4	What else can I say that hasn't been said yet? This place is amazing!I would say the best deal is to get a treatment to also get access to the spa and the fitness center, and make a whole day of it! I Qua has some great deals that I found on their website. One was the 50-minute classic massage for $99 (mon-thurs only), and that includes the $45 day-pass to the spa and fitness center.Plan to bring some things to read or some music to listen to. I ended up lounging on the hot stone lounge chairs and fell asleep. The tea lounge is amazing with all kinds of teas and juices that the attendants prepare. Plus they provide these amazing chocolates, protein bars, fruits (bananas, oranges, apples), and pretzels.No need to bring any toiletries as they provide them all. Disposable razors, shampoos, lotions are all available. I loved how I could go into the steamroom to shave with a mirror and a sink right in there!The other thing I did was use the showers inside the steamrooms. Most people didn't know they were in there (since it was steamy!) but it's a great way to cool down without leaving the room.All in all, I highly recommend this place and suggest that when you go, you spend as much of the day as you can there!
5	LOVED the cold sauna. I had a great experience in the spa, especially the different rooms. My massage was excellent as well. I would do it again next time I go to The Vegas.The only issue I had was my own fault-it was the company I kept. Someone's first experience in a spa caused constant blabber.
5	WOW! What an amazing spa! I really enjoyed the different types of steam rooms. (wet, dry, cold) They were all very relaxing and a great prep before my massage. Now about the massage...I was BLOWN AWAY when I realized it was over. I couldn't decide between the deep tissue or the sports deep tissue. I didn't need the icy hot, so I stuck with the regular deep tissue. It was amazing. After I let them know where I was sore, he went to work. The pressure was hard enough to make me squirm around a bit, but still enjoy the massage. Just when you thought that was it, i dropped into the pools and WOW!  The hot pool was the perfect muscle relaxer and the cold pool was the ultimate SHOCK! Who would have thought something so cold could have felt sooooo good!This is the perfect ending to 3 days of partying in Vegas. Everyone should try this spa. We had a flight to catch, so we could not enjoy the pools and gym for the rest of the day.  2 thumbs up from this guy!
5	Based on fellow yelp reviews and because my body was craaaving for a massage, my friends and I tried this place last November. Luckily, Qua Bath's had a special online, $99 for a 50 minute Swedish massage! Boyyyy, it was the most heavenly 50 minutes of my life. Not only do you get a GREAAAT massage for $99 dollars, we got to utilize all the other amenities at the spa. The 3 pools (one at 98 degrees, one at 100 something degrees, and another at another relaxing temperature) in the main room, the endless saunas, Jacuzzis, showers, blow dryers, FOOD and DRINKS! You get to use everything in the facility until it closes! We wanted to stay until it closed, but we, unfortunately, had stuff to do!! heheh.  WORTH EVERY SINGLE PENNY!I really wished we had the massage BEFORE we left Vegas, instead of the very first day we were there but the special only applied from Monday to Thursday. Ahhh welll! We all absolutely loved it. NOTE: For 1st time massagers/customers, BRING/WEAR A BATHING SUIT. We failed to have time to change into our suits so we were given disposable tops & bottoms. One size fits all, btw. haha SoOO these disposable tops & bottoms did not necessarily cover everything we wanted. Especially for us shy ones. . .so we decided to use them AAAaaaaaand use a towel to cover ourselves!! (: I look forward to go again on my next visit to Vegas! Which will be next weekend! WEEEEEEEEEEE!Massage, exceptional!Facility, AWESOME!Staff, Nice & atttentative!!
5	ahhhhhhh....soooo relaxed.  I had been waiting so very impatiently to try my first daypass experience at a spa in Vegas....and from yelp reviews, I had Qua bookmarked forever.in December my darling bf gave me a gift card daypass to Qua, and I finally saved up today as my day of sanctuary - turned the phones off and headed to Caesar's.I started off in the fitness center, the only coed room - had a nice workout with individual TVs on machines and big flatscreens in the weights area so I could watch whatever I wanted.After a good workout and a shower with water coming at me from all sides, I visited the Roman baths - medium and hot pools were perfect, with waterfalls cooling me off.  The cold pool was supposedly 72 but standing on the ledge with only feet it, the water felt like 40 degrees, so I stayed away :)I ended up resting on the heated lounge chairs along the pool with my velvet hot tea and flavored iced tea, a small fruit-and-nuts snack I brought from home, and my iPod.  I listened to enya and the like while laying peacefully.Then I poked in the sauna and steam rooms but those aren't for me.  I ended up wrapping up the tour with a trip to the arctic room, where soapy flakes fall from the sky like snow and the room is very cooling and comfortable in a robe.I had another wonderful shower and used the toiletries - lotions, etc and the hair dryer to complete my pampering experience.  I felt soooo relaxed and beautiful when I left.  I would love to return and try a treatment (massage is the choice I'd probably go for) and maybe will bring my mom on her next visit!  ahhhhh....
5	I have found my middle of the Strip Spa!!!  I have been an avid Spa Mandalay customer in recent years, but wanted to switch it up this trip and searched out Yelp to find the best spa near Planet Hollywood (where I stayed this trip).  It seemed pretty clear that I needed to hit either the Spa @ Encore or Qua Baths.  And since the Spa @ Encore doesn't let you book an appointment on the weekend unless you are a guest - Qua won my business.  I am happy to report that Yelpers where right - Qua is the height of relaxation.  From the time you walk through the doors you are transported to happy place!  As you pass through the stony walls with water all around, you begin to decompress.  The spa itself is just a beautiful tranquil place with its earth tones and watery blue hues.  The Roman Baths are a nice place to spend some time dipping yourself into warm, hot and then cold pools.  The heated lounge chairs that line the room are a great touch and make it a place you want to park you self for an hour or two.  They also have a big spa on the way to their steam/sauna/ice rooms  if you want more of a hot tub experience.  Qua has a big sauna that is nothing special, but does the job.  The steam room is particularly nice and has a herbal refreshing vibe.  But the best of the best is the Arctic Ice Room.  You walk into this cool room and are greeted with a deep blue room with snow descending from the ceiling!  Snow in Vegas!!! I can see this being the hottest (so to speak) spot on the strip in the 120 degree days in the summer. It is so refreshing after a bake in the sauna!  Also, not to be missed is the Tea Room.  You wait here before your treatments and it is a open room of comfy chairs and made to order tea.  I had White Peach, yum!  Plus you have fruits and juices right around the corner if tea isn't your thing. The treatments were wonderful too. The Niagra Falls treatment is a scrub/7 head shower that is one part exfoliation and one part water massage.  It was fun, but their regular showers have 4 heads and was just about as good :)  I also had the lifting vitamin c facial.  It made my skin positively glow!  The facilities were spacious and well manicured.  The showers were spacious (and I have already mentioned the 4 heads) and the vanity areas were well stocked and brightly lit.  All and all I love it from start to finish and will be back!
5	This place was one of my favorite parts of my trip to Vegas!  I went with two of my girlfriends, and we all had an amazing time lounging in the baths, the steam room, the sauna, the artic ice room, and getting out treatments done.  I had the Collagen Facial, which I chose mostly because it was on the "special offers" section (it's $180 normally, which is really pricey).  I can say it was definitely worth the price I paid.  I was a bit of a sceptic going in ("can a 1 hour treatment REALLY make my skin better?"), but having had major problems with my complexion over the previous few months I decided to go for it.  I am really glad I did.  The aesthetician (I forget her name) used a clarisonic brush, various masks, a collagen treatment (obviously), and extractions and a week later, I can still see the difference in my skin.  In addition to being a super-relaxing spa, these people are miracle workers!!
5	When in Vegas, very rarely do you say "WOW......That was worth the money!!!"Qua made me say just that.$45 for access to the bathhouse all day.  If you are in Vegas partying hard......and let's face it, who isn't.........this is the perfect place to recover.  Sweat out all the toxins from last night....rehydrate.....relax.....and prepare for the night ahead.If you are in Vegas for more than 2 nights, I would highly recommend getting a pass when you start feeling run down.Word of advice.....go early. I went at 11am and there was hardly anyone in there.  The host told me it fills up later in the day.
5	Wow. That sums it up pretty well. The most amazing spa I've ever been to. I love this spa. I crave to go here. My husband and I travel often because of his job and I will often treat myself to a few hours at a spa when we do so I have been to many. This one is the crown royal, ultimate experience. If you go, plan on spending a little extra time besides just your treatment. The place is huge with several rooms for relaxation. Treatments: I have had a standard massage, a hot stone massage, and a facial here (different days). All were a 10 out of 10. Extremely relaxing. They all really knew what they were doing. Very professional and just perfect. Facility: This is the extra wow. The main water room has a large whirlpool that is body temperature, plus a standard sized hot tub, and a standard sized cold tub. There is also a shower of water falling down in the middle which is fun to stand under. There is another room with a very large round hot tub/whirlpool in it. Both rooms have very comfortable chairs and lounge chairs in them to relax in. There is also a steam room, dry sauna, and I LOVE the arctic room which is cool - not too cold- and has moisturizing "snow" that occasionally falls down (great way to cool off a little after spending awhile in steam room or hot tub) There is a terrific lounge with comfy chairs, magazines, tea (that they will make for you. There is a menu describing the combinations and what they are good for). There is also an area with juices, water, cold tea, coffee, fruit, and pretzels. The showers are great with a vanity area with everything you need, including hairdryers, straighteners, hair spray, spray deodorant, toothbrushes, razors (good ones too!), etc. Hints: If you are in town during any day Monday - Thursday, they have weekday specials on their website. The special changes every couple of months. If you don't have time for a full service (such as massage, etc), you can pay a small fee ($25?) for a 'day pass' and use all the amenities. This place has nearly spoiled every other spa for me. I am counting the days until I can go back again.
5	Doesn't get any better. Talk about a world-class Spa.Beautiful, relaxing and clean.
5	i really love this spa. it's really beautiful and the amenities are excellent - you really get what you pay for. had a couple massages and they were always really good. for me, the stand out is the arctic room (i really don't like sauna's) and it's quite nice to actually freeze my butt off. (hehe). i've been to quite a few spas and this is pretty unique to qua.
5	Favorite spa in Vegas, been to most of them.  The $45 day pass is more expensive than most...but here's a tip (probably ladies only).  Get a crystal body art treatment.  It costs $40 and you get a gorgeous, good sized swarovski crystal "tattoo" that will last you a week or so.  Then you can use the facilities for "free"!  Save you five bucks and you get something extra.  Well maybe not if you leave a tip, but still.  Good deal.The wet room has been described thoroughly before, so see other yelpers review.  Highlights for me is that it is dark in there and feels like a cave.  I have seriously crashed and napped in there for hours at a time.  Then get a little rainfall action from the ceiling shower, lie down in the jacuzzi "bed", do a little hot tub then cold tub action, then back to sleep.  If you don't like the heated stone beds, go for the standard cushioned ones.  The wet room is huge so you don't feel crowded even if there are many people in there.  Love it!
5	If you have never been to a spa before, don't start with Qua, nothing else will compare. I went for a massage with a girlfriend and we were both in utter bliss. We got to the Spa at 2 and ended up leaving at 5, and that was only because we had husbands waiting on us. I think if not we could have spent the whole day there. We started off in the roman baths and just relaxed for a while, showered then got our massages. The artisan (whose name I totally forgot) was so sweet and likeable. The massage itself was perfect, I think one of the best I have ever had, if not top 3.  Afterwards we enjoyed the Artic sauna.... which is sooooo cold. So I went to the Cedar sauna first and warmed up, then back to the Artic one. Now I was able to enjoy it better. I used the exfoliating ice all over my body and face. The next day I could see a great difference in my complexion. We snacked on pretzles and juices in between all this. The only down side at all was that there is a women's section then a man's section, so I wasn't able to enjoy anything with my husband. I understand the need for seperate areas though, but I think it would have been amazing to share a day there as a couple.
5	I went to a fabulous corporate retreat here and even as a group of spa junkies we were seriously impressed ! A few highlights:*They were able to hook my group up with a wine room. The wine was free flowing and you could carry it around the spa with you. AHH sitting in the hot tubs sipping wine and champagne was truely amazing.*While I didn't have the goofy-sounding "crystal" massage healing experience thing, everyone that did said it was "life changing" and they felt really emotionally charged and happy after leaving it. It sounds a bit new-agey for me, but people seemed to genuinely love that treatment.*I had a facial and the lady went above and beyond. She really customized the treatment to my skin. This was 4 days before my wedding and she left my skin looking awesome.Overall , despite it being smaller, I prefer this place to Canyon Ranch. My fingers are crossed that I'm forced to retreat here for work again !
5	I adore the Qua Spa at Caesar's.  I stay at the Bellagio, and go across the street to Qua Spa because it is the best spa!  Luxury at its finest.  Great fitness center too.  Staff is very nice.  Treatments are among the best any where.  Love the tea service.  Beautiful and clean facilities.
4	4 stars because it's the first spa I've ever been to and I am definitely a fan.I was able to get a relatively good deal from the Costco discount on gift certificates for Spa Finder. Indulge!Overall it was modern and accommodating. The staff was very sweet and my facial/masseuse was amazing! I expected more extractions and such but it seemed more like a light-touch experience. I'm not sure if that was because it was my first time or everyone had this experience.. I got the Signature Hourglass 60 minute experience.The facilities were clean and maintained, there were refreshments, fruits, and pretzels.. Also tea of course. I was a little disappointed at their selection but I'm not sure what other spas are like. In the morning there weren't as many people so it seemed more calming and serene.. Towards the end of the day it began to feel like a woman's gym from all the ladies getting ready in the vanity area. It wasn't overcrowded though, no waiting in line for anything. The showers were cool.. four or five heads had water coming from it like a rain shower. I recommend!
4	last day in vegas and after the long plane ride to get here and late night drinking i was very ready for some much needed pampering.  I don't usually get massages (the ones from my BF are the best!)  but seeing as I was going to be paying a pretty penny for this splurge I wanted to use all the amenities. Check-in was a little slow because they take you through a tour and there were three seperate parties at the desk.  The exercise facilites are great, they overlook the strip, plenty of machines.  Roman baths are pretty neat, 3 pools, three different temps, the stone lounge chairs are warmed and great to nap on.  Herbal steam room was the best!!!! hot as hell be-careful not to pass out, but I was convinced that my pores were opening and all the junk was slowly melting out :) the artic room was fun...a sensor detects when someone is in the room and snow in the form of shaved ice falls from the ceiling.  Gregory was my massuse-totally prefessional, he asked if I had any health concerns and were there areas he should concentrat/avoid.  He found knots that i was not even aware of!  Word to the wise-I never had a full body massage  so I was a little surprised when I got my glutes kneaded so be sure to man/ladyscape as a courtesy! very relaxing the table is heated and padded..i wanted to just lay there and take a nap. Now I'll have to try other places-you know,  in the name of research!
5	I spent four hours in all using the gym, spa, and getting a massage. I made a reservation for the monthly special, which was a 50 minute massage and full use of the gym and spa facilities. It was definitely worth the money. The massage was the best that I've ever received, and the gym and spa were ultra luxurious. I recommend working out at the gym; getting a massage; lounging in the hot tubs and saunas; then showering and getting ready for the evening. Ladies, you only need to bring a dress and your makeup and you will be able to get ready for the evening. The shower facilities are great. They even provide shavers, shaving cream, blow dryers, and curling irons.Definitely get a treatment here and give yourself time to enjoy Qua's facilities.
5	This is where I want to be right now. Seriously. I loved this spa so much I think about driving out to Vegas every weekend just to soak in the tub, or steam in the herbal sauna. This is truly a modern Roman bath in the funnest hotel on the strip.I have not tried any of the massage of facial services, but I do think the day pass is an affordable way to indulge in relaxing luxury. The pools are large and are different temperatures, but be careful not to sit in the ice cold pool by accident. Bathing suits are not required, and the spa provides you with those wonderful thick robes to walk around in. Remember, these robes are not yours to keep, but if you insist on taking one home do so at your own risk, not that I have.Be prepared to stay a whole day in this spa, and, given how comfortable and relaxing this place is, you really will not want to leave. There are refreshments, locker rooms, showers, vanities, and plenty of lounge chairs to waste time in. Also, if you're nursing a hangover from the wild night before, drink some V8, and hop in the herbal steam room to draw out the toxins. Trust me, you will feel amazing, and your skin will be glowing.
5	This spa is amazing.  Best you can find - Roman baths, whirlpools, sauna, steam room, SNOW room, showers, tea, snacks...  This spa has great service and reasonable prices for the service provided.  My fave so far!
5	Such a nice retreat from smokey, noisy casinos, 10 round indulgences at buffets, and a constant stream of Jack and Coke. My boyfriend and I booked "Pure Packages" from the Caesar's Palace website which included 2 passes to the club Pure and 2 passes to Qua. I'm PURE-ly pleased (I stand by my pun).Where do I begin? Let's start with the beginning. Before you walk into Qua, you'll see the fitness center (access was a part of the pass and package) which I also used. Also pleased with that. Once you enter the spa, you'll see that it's gender specific, men stay on their side, vice versa. At the front desk, you'll get your slippers and robe! I get excited at any place where I'm given a robe to wear. With the basic day pass, I got access to:-The Arctic Room (complete opposite of sauna)-Sauna-Herbal steam room-whirlpool-Roman bath area-Tea room (they serve the tea of your choice and you get to sit down and have girl talk or read the magazines they provide)-showers and lockers with hair dryers, lotions, and portable toothbrushes!I'm definitely coming back the next time I go to Las Vegas and will book a massage. You can spend a good six hours alone here. Good for couples or friends.
4	I'm a big spa fan, and consider myself a spa-expert-in-training since I frequent them so often. This is by far one of the best spas that I have ever been to. While my friend and I were walking in here we were amazed by the decor, it was just so incredibly beautiful! The inside is like heaven, they have different types of baths, whirlpool, steam room and sauna. My personal favorite, though, was the arctic room. I have never seen anything like it before, ever. It's a beautifully designed room that produces ice (kind of looks like snowflakes) and is very nice after a steam room. I got a "Fountain of Youth" treatment that was very relaxing! If you don't do any treatments, the $ 40 entrance fee is so worth it (and it includes the gym!). You can still be here relaxing, detoxing after the previous night's activities and rejuvenating for the upcoming night's shenanigans.  This spa is yet another reason why I love Vegas. P.S. Minus one star for the mess. Maybe it was the day I went, but all the rooms (spa, steam, etc) had mountains of towels and empty water bottles, and no one was cleaning it up. Shame on people for dirtying up such a pretty place.
5	I hold Qua completely responsible for that far away look in my eyes that everyone at work seems to be noticing since my return back to the real world.........................................................................there I go again......day dreaming, wishing I could be simmering in a roman bath instead of in the world of back to back meetings and incessant phone calls that I am currently in. First of all, I really love Caesar's Palace, so I expected that the atmosphere and amenities at Qua would be top-notch, especially since it came so highly recommended by one of my very good friends, an avid spa-goer herself. I arranged my appointment with the concierge near the hotel check-in and they were very helpful in getting me exactly what I wanted. Of course up at the spa itself, I got the standard tour from a very sweet young lady who offered me one of their many delicious tea flavors that they will blend to your specifications. No pre-packages store brand tea bags here. They are also well stocked with complimetary coffee, cold juices (orange, pineapple, grape, tomato, etc..), fresh fruit and pretzels. On to the good stuff! The Roman baths are divine. They are basically hot tubs in different temperatures. The largest one is a soothing, warm, bubbly delight, just like bath water. I sat in there for a good hour without feeling any dizziness or any of the effects they warn you that you might feel if you were sitting in the usual boiling hot tub. They do have 2 smaller tubs, one with piping hot water and then one with chilly, cool water. I didn't do anything but dip my toe into both of those, because to me the warm bath was perfect. The others were a little too extreme for what I wanted, which was just to relax for as long as I felt like. However, now I could just jump into the cool roman bath for a quick, invigorating pick-me-up, instead of the 3 cups of coffee I've had today. *sigh*  A regular stop for me at any spa is the steam room, which I enjoyed there, but I was really happy that they also had an arctic room! They don't have that in any of the spas in my area. This room is a cool 55 degrees, and when you walk inside, you do feel like you are in an igloo of sorts, because the room is a nice icy blue color and you can sit and enjoy the cool air venting from the ceiling, and then just when you think that's as cool as it gets, it starts to snow! It's actually little foamy bubbles that fall from the ceiling, but it adds so much to the atmosphere, and I really loved sitting in there for a little relief after a nice hot steam.  Finally...the service. I had a 50-minute swedish massage, and my masseuse was every bit as pampering as I needed her to be. She did just what I wanted, and worked out the kink in my shoulder with a little extra pressure, and then the rest of the massage was super relaxing. I spent 4 and a half fabulous hours at Qua, took advantage of a lot of their amenities, and then took my sweet time in their vanity area (complete with all different sizes of curling irons, flat irons, sterilized brushes, skincare products, hair products, deodorant, cotton swabs... the works), getting ready to go out and hit the town. I would absolutely come back here again, cuz I know I haven't even scratched the surface when it comes to their services. I booked their $99 Monday-Thursday Swedish Massage special, but they have a lot of signature services, and soooo many other specials to offer that are REALLY great values when you compare them to the original prices. They had a special on a facial that is regularly priced at $180, but it was only $99 if you booked it M-TH!!!! Next time I am in Vegas, that's what I am getting, and I hear their body wraps are excellent too. The way I see it, I would rather treat myself to something special like that, than piss my money away at the blackjack table. It is well worth it, cuz there is no gambling when it comes to Qua. You know you are coming out with a win.
3	This is a beautiul spa with wonderful facilities and services.  However, they were seriously lacking in customer service.  My husband and I went for a massage and to use the baths.  When we got there, we realized that there was a men's side and a women's side.  We were fine with this and went to our different areas to have our massages.  When I first entered the spa, the girl working the desk said...oh there's no time to show you where things are,  just come with me (it was 30 minutes before my appointment).  She was very snippy but I got changed and really enjoyed my massage.  I mentioned to the massage therapist that I didn't know what time to meet my husband or how long he would be and she said it was no problem that the front desk could call over to the men's side.  She said they do it all the time.  However, I went to the front desk and the girl again treated me like I was bothering her.   She did call over.  She said, "Yeah..they can't find your husband.  They'll look and call back".  Oh..okay, do you know how to get back to the baths?  She vaguely pointed and I wandered around until I found things.  I felt like I could never relax and enjoy the baths because I didn't know how my husband was doing with the whole "spa thing".  I kept checking back with the front desk but they never "found him".  After about an hour, I got dressed and left the women's area.  I aksed to speak with the manager and told him the story.  He didn't seem particularly concerned but he did find my husband within about two minutes right in the bath where he should have been.  To top everything off, my husband said that he had called over to the women's side and left a message that he was fine and I should take my time.  I felt like all this worrying and checking in really ruined my time there.  I feel like a high end spa should have much better customer service and go out of your way to make you feel relaxed.    I'm taking off two stars for the stress factor.
5	My amazing boyfriend booked us massages at Qua on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  If you are going to call yourself a luxury spa then you better work that title and for the most part Qua Baths and Spa did just that.  The check in was easy and fast, support staff was really friendly and catered to my every need.  I Loved the roman baths, robe warmer and hot tea before my 75 min deep tissue massage.  My massage therapist Greg was very skilled and executed a near perfect massage.  My only issue is that when you pay $226 for a deep tissue and you want it really deep, it should be really deep.  When I asked him to go deeper he did so but only for about 5 min then reverted back to the medium deep pressure that seemed to be his set point.  Even with the light pressure Greg is a gift to relaxation.  After my massage, I used the herb infused steam room and then had a magical experience in the ice room.  Yes, ICE ROOM!  OMG, why doesn't every spa have this?  Its a freezing room with ethereal music playing and faux snow (some kind of bubbles) falling from the ceiling...LOVED IT!  Felt so good after being all hot from the steam room that I revisited the steam just so I could re-experience the ice room again.  Qua is highly recommended.
5	One of the most amazing spas ever!  Not only was the massage good but the space is amazing.  It's so large you can have whole areas to yourself with or without the ipod! I loved the big rain shower in between the hot tubs!  I was amazed at women doing the cold plunge and actually getting in the water more than knee deep!  CHAMPS!!!  The only negative was the co-ed lounge...umm not exactly.  It was a cool igloo style room where you and a male wait to be picked up.  It was cute but since the spa is so big why is this room so small!!! Would definitely recommend and return!
4	What a great relaxing day. My fiance and I had a couples massage here and really enjoyed our experience, though I must say that I slightly prefer CanyonRanch Spa at the Venetian/Palazzo a bit more. Qua Spa's focus is water-based and so the highlight of the spa and what made it perhaps stand out more than your other hot-spot Vegas spas were the different temperature-d baths. You had your hot, warm and cold plunges along with the typical jacuzzis, saunas and snow room. My complaint about the igloo room is that it claims to be snow falling on you but I could have sworn that what was falling from the ceiling was foamy soap bubbles rather than snow. Still, it is refreshing to go from Sauna or hot plunge to a cold refreshing room. The massage was good, not bad but not memorable either. I hate that Vegas always makes you pay extra to have a couples treatment since a lot of other non-Vegas spas will give you a bit of a price cut for sharing a room actually! Also, another thing I didn't enjoy was that I wanted to spend as much of the day as possible with my fiance but everything was gender-separated except the laconium. Granted that is typical for most spas, but CanyonRanch at the Venetian actually has more co-ed relaxation rooms that one can enjoy before your treatment. Some other things I'd like to commend Qua Spa on, at least for the women's quarters, their showering and "powder room" or prep area was exquisite. They have everything a girl needs to get ready, hair dryer, curling iron, brushes/combs, razors, lotions, hair spray & other products, etc. Also, the tea selection here is great and fun to test out different flavors. Their juice is great too. The fitness facility was kept in very good shape. Headphones to use, a towel on every machine - good attention to detail. I don't know that I'd come back because of all the other great spa options in Vegas but come here at least once and you will be quite pleased with your experience.
5	This spa is amazing, granted it's the only spa I have ever been to but I don't see how it can get any better! I find myself going more than I probably should, I can't wait until they offer a locals discount. Just walking through the hallway to get to the spa you feel 10x more relaxed than before you entered. The attendants greet you at the counter and give you your slippers and robe then lead you on to the locker room. It is divided between sexes so you can be completely nude if you choose. I personally wear a swimsuit but I can imagine how nice and freeing it would be to go naked. I usually start off having a beverage and relaxing for a couple minutes in the tea room which is really nice and comfortable. I definitely recommend trying the signature tea blend, it is by far the best tea I have ever had!! After I have completely let go of all of my thoughts and worries I head to the herbal steam room. I grab an ice cold towel to place over my eyes and head in. When I feel that my pores have opened up and I cannot take much more heat I head to the arctic ice room. The room is a cool 55*, there is a bowl full of ice chips that I usually rub all over to get an extra cooling sensation and close my pores. The "snow" rains down and adds a chilly vibe. I usually hop in the cedarwood sauna to warm up before heading to the roman baths. The roman baths room is just heaven!! There are three baths; warm, hot, and cold. I never thought I would be able to go in the ice cold bath but once you jump in it feels amazing. The shock that hits your body as you immerse yourself is somewhat pleasureful. I try to stay in this bath 5-10 minutes to get optimum results. I have been told this bath is great for your skin and improved circulation. There are also hot stone chairs in the room. I have fallen asleep on these wonderful chairs, they are that comfortable. You kind of have to keep an eye out because they are usually taken. Don't forget to leave your robe in the robe sauna so you can have a toasty cover up when you leave the baths. After I feel completely relaxed and refreshed I head to the luxurious four head showers in the spa. If you forgot shampoo or a toothbrush, no need to worry. The spa has almost everything you need to get ready for the night. Though I'm a local, I always take full advantage of the showers and vanity area. This spa is amazing if you need a few hours to just relax, a day pass is only $45 and they have specials on services Mon.-Thurs. I have received a massage but it was just okay. I was told to try the deep tissue massage next time I go, I plan on doing that.
5	Qua Spa is the place to be! During a girl's week out with my mom, I decided to take us to Qua thanks to the great reviews I read on yelp. But BEWARE! DO NOT GET A FEMALE ARTISAN IF YOU WANT A GOOD MASSAGE! This is not to say that all women do not give good massages, but for the ones both my mom and I had, we could have done without them. On a lighter note, we had a great time trying that baths. We went in the steam room and the Roman baths. Great! Loved them! The ice room was cool as well, just different from what I expected. Loved the fact that snacks were available and were constantly replenished, as well as towels and other things. Cute little juice cans. And everything was available to make yourself pretty, such as dryers, straightners, the works! I will definitely be back if I can, but may choose a male artisan instead.
2	Spa: Look online, there's currently a Mon-Thu promotion for $99 services, which includes the baths and fitness center. The baths looked really nice, but I didn't get to try them. Fitness Center: It's hard to believe that it's more expensive to work out than to eat dinner. $25/day for just the fitness center. I went an hour before close and they wouldn't make my pass valid for 24 hours, or even the next morning. For the city that never sleeps they close at 8pm, and shoo you out even earlier. They have decent technogym cardio machines, but the TV stations on the machine are very limited, and they were all fuzzy pictures. There's also not much of a view from the machines. I went to do core work and there wasn't a single matt, and the carpet was really rough. The gym is fairly warm and there are no fans.
4	My mom and I had a lovely time.  I mean, this isn't too different from any other fancy spa that I have been too.  The room with ice was weird and I could only be in there for a minute.  The wet sauna was nice, but that got intense after while also.  The Roman Pools were swell, but I can' stay in a pool all day.  My mom and I both agreed that our masseusses were FABULOUS.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our 1 hour massages.  The iced tea was nice too, but there was no cucumber water. Ha.
5	My third time here, I decided to splurge on a massage. SO WORTH IT!!! Best massage of my life thus far...within the first minute I was giggling uncontrollably because I felt so pampered and relaxed. I'm a dork I know. But my masseuse was very nice and didn't make fun of me for giggling like a little school girl. LOVE LOVE LOVE!
5	Booked the VIP Pure package at Caesers Palace which included hotel room, 2 passes to PURE, and 2 passes to the Qua Spa for a bachelorette party weekend.  The 6 of us girls were in dire need of some recovery on Saturday afternoon around 2pm.  We were told it would be a little crowded, but I did a "walk-through" to double-check.  It seemed more than reasonable for the 6 of us to have enough space, so we decided to stay.  In no particular order, here are the reasons why we unanimously agree we will be back:1.  Tea room with custom teas in travel cups, fruit and snacks.  They blend their own tea for you based on what you like.  2.  Plush robes, plenty of towels, and a special "robe sauna" you can keep your robe stored in while you are in the pools.  This, I have never seen before.3.  Clothing optional/gender separated.  There is one side for guys, one side for girls and the spaces are identical.  I always appreciate this, even though most of the girls that day were more modest than I felt.4.  Main room/main pool had hot/cold bubbles and different seating arrangements.  I don't know why, but it is refreshing to have the temperature contrast when you are bathing.  5.  Cold Plunge pool I used probably 5 times.  It is worth the rush to your system.6.  Heated Stone lounge chairs were heavenly place to take a nap, especially with an iced towel over your face.  I wish I had one at home.7.  Going from the Steam room into the Arctic ice room worked wonders for my sore limbs and tired eyes.  We couldn't figure out what the smell in the Arctic ice room was from, but convinced it was the soap bubbles.  8.  Time slips away, even if you don't have any services booked.  All 6 of us could have stayed for 3 hours no problem.9.  Uncomparable amenities, great staff, services, and luxury.  Will have no problem dropping $200 on services next time I come to Vegas.  Why blow your money on the tables when you can get so much more at Qua?
4	I've been to my share of Hotel/Casino spas, and this one is one of the Best. One distinct feature I loved, was the ice room; little flurries floating down to keep cooling you off- it's great to use in order to close up your pores after using the Dry Sauna. The pools varied in temperature and the resting areas are wonderfully relaxing- lots to choose from, extremely spacious, and entirely luxurious. Clothing optional of course :)I got a wax the last time I was here, and while the rooms are comfortable and well set up, the process was unnecessarily painful- more than average, and not the type of experience I was expecting. The wax was sub par in and the technician was as well. I won't be returning for this treatment.However, if you're looking to relax, even if you aren't a hotel guest, entry is only $35.
4	I stopped in for a quick visit while I was in Las Vegas for a conference.  I only had about an hour to spend there so I was not able to get a treatment.  I got a day pass and had enough time to use all of the cool jacuzzi's and such.  This spa is absolutely gorgeous inside.  The roman baths were all wonderful.  The very hot one and the very cold one have waterfalls coming down from the ceiling.  The larger medium temperature bath had infinity sides where the water flows over and down the sides.  Just stunning!  The robe sauna is genius!!   You get out of the baths and your robe is dry and hot!The steam room was extremely powerful, you could barely even see in there and the ice room was fantastic with "snow" falling down around you.  The tea lounge was ok, kind of small and there was nobody there to make me some tea.  Even though it was a quick, rushed visit for me, it felt like a nice relaxing deep breath.
3	boo :( definitely not the 20 stars experience).I was there on Tuesday and had a Classic Massage.I've been to sooooooo many places around the world for massages and was really looking forward to my Qua Spa massage I went home to SF.During the massage, I couldn't wait until the massage was over. There are so many details of why this rating went down to a 3 stars. I'll have to finish this review another day.Spa Junkies -- On a brighter note, I really enjoyed my massage at Vdara.
5	This place is pricey, but worth every penny.  I woke up one morning with the impulse to go to the spa, and I am so glad I did!  I went for the hydratherapy facial, which as it turns out, is the "rolls royce of facials" according to the specialist who worked with me.  Having never had a facial before, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was blown away!  It basically involves everything short of botox (nothing invasive, don't worry!), and it turned my travel-weary and dry skin into a glowing, youthful former version of itself.  The specialist explained all the steps to me since I was new to the whole endeavor.  I couldn't believe the outcome...I was glowing, literally!  Later that day I was carded at the roulette table, where the attendant seemed extremely suspicious of my ID despite my conservative dress.  And I'm 32!  I'm now a week out and still can't believe the after effects.  Consider me a convert.  I can't wait to get my next one.Going for a service there will ensure access to the rest of the facilities for the day (open from 6AM - 8PM on the weekday that I went).  There's a Roman bath that looks very inviting, a weight room, a sauna, an ice room (didn't try that one but it looks interesting), among other amenities.  Make sure you show up thirty minutes early, so you can get the tour and be shown to your locker.  There's coffee and juice, and you can order room service while you're there.  There's a ton of massage options which I now wish I had tried.  Definitely next time!One random side note--in the waiting area, there is a little notebook/diary where former patrons have written their thoughts.  Sometimes they are just quick snapshots of where they are in life, some are inspirational, and some are heart-rending and openly honest.  I think reading through that book might have been one of my favorite parts of the spa trip.  Definitely look for it if you go.
5	After Qua, I can't imagine spending my hard-earned bucks at any other spa in Vegas.  On my recent vacay with my sis, we visited Qua twice.  On first visit we enjoyed massages and on second visit facials.  Both times we partook (is that a word?) of the gym and the various baths and amenities.This place is relaxing from the get go.  If you enjoy an overall spa experience, this is the place for you.  It is about 1000 per cent nicer than the Trump spa we visited last year.No, it's not cheap.  But nothing in LV is cheap.  If you want a good massage and an incredibly relaxing pre- and post-massage experience, do visit Qua.
5	I absolutely love the Qua Spa.  It is my favorite spa in Vegas, hands down.  I have received massages there, and I've just gone to use the facilities without booking a service, and have enjoyed it every time.  The last time I was there, I took my mom, and we both got massages (separately).  I believe that an hour Swedish massage was around $150.  We arrived about 2 hours beforehand and used the fitness room, Roman Baths, sauna, ice room, and showers.  The fitness room is co-ed, everything else is single-sex.  The spa itself is clothing optional, but most people wore bathing suits in the Roman baths, sauna, etc.  I just wore bathing suit bottoms and that was fine. The cost to use the fitness room and spa without booking a service is $45, which is good for use of it for the entire day.The spa is very well stocked, with everything you'll need from curling irons and blow dryers to deoderant and lotions, razors, etc.  The spa is kept meticulously clean, and the showers are fantastic.There is also a relaxation room, where an attendant will brew and prepare tea for you. There are all different types and varieties. There is also iced tea, coffee, water,  juices (upon request), fruit, and pretzels. My massage was very good (I did have a better one on one of my other visits), and I left feeling very relaxed.
5	My friend and I spent over 5 hours in the spa!  Minus the hour spent hungover torturing ourselves in the Fitness Center we were in complete state of bliss.  We started in the jacuzzi and moved on to the Roman Baths.  We spent about an hour in the tubs so by the time we got to the tea lounge to wait for our appointments we were completely relaxed already.  I chose the 90 minute Ayurvedic Journey.  It was completely different than anything I've ever experienced.  The therapist (or artisan, as they call them here) took all my pulses to determine my body composition (I'm pitta or fire- no surprise there).  She then gently scrubs your entire body and then massages your entire body with oils meant to balance your dosha, including your scalp, which she poured warm oil on for a seeming eternity.  This is supposed to awaken your intuition.  The goal of the treatment is to balance your mind, body and soul.  After my treatment I still hadn't had enough and spent about 45 more minutes in the Herbal Steam, Sauna and Artic Chill room.  By the time I left I felt completed rejuvenated and ready to face another late night of debauchery.
5	Hmmmm....let's see....lose $45 on the blackjack table, or experience this??  Simply put, what a SPECTACULAR experience.  I could've spent all day here.  Everything from the entrance to GET to the spa was luxurious. You walk up this grand staircase to the 2nd floor, then walk down a long corridor.  After paying your entrance fee, you walk down another long tranquil corridor.  The staff is ABOVE & BEYOND ULTRA FRIENDLY.  They take the first timers on a tour, and it's just an exhilirating experience.2 steam rooms....dry sauna....4 Roman bath jacuzzi's with trickling waterfalls IN the jacuzzi.  Showers everywhere including inside the steam rooms, and the have this Arctic Ice room (first time I ever saw that) You can go from hot to cold in the matter of seconds.  Tea lounge, barber to get a haircut, massage, gym...what more could you ask for.  This place has it all and then some.  If anything, this place made me TOO relaxed as I had no energy to go out later in the evening, but it was all good.  Treat yourself!!!
5	My sister and I still love this spa, but the last time I went it definitly needed a little work done.  There was mold on the ceiling of the Roman pools room and the door to the artic room wouldn't close all the way.  It didn't help that the attendants kept opening the doors while showing new customers the layout of the place.  I would still go here each time I go to Vegas but I wish they'd do their 'tour's a bit more quietly.  I also wish they'd stress to customers to keep their voices down during their visit.  It's hard to relax when people are yakking loudly to one another.
5	Five stars for the use of spa facilities and vanity area. $45 or $20 for diamond member. Price is good from open to close, includes usage of spa facility, vanity area, and fitness. Upon entrance, I was provided a mini tour of the facility. Robe, flip flop, locker provided. Keypad entry, no key required, so you don't need to carry around a key bracelet. Time for an adventure through hot and cold!1st stop, dark and dim roman baths. Three baths, one large (body temp), two small (hot & cold). Accompanied with waterfalls and a central overhead rainforest shower. Ceramic lounge chairs (more comfortable than it sounds) and other various seats for resting. Counter with canned juice, fruit, and water. One thing though, this spa is pretty old and I can see the torn up flooring and molding ceilings. In the spa baths, I'm reluctant to lean on the edge because it's a tad grotesque. The big bath is completely  lean-able though!2nd stop, the cedarwood sauna. It's fun to do sit ups in here. Nothing special. Adjacently across the hall are the steam room and arctic room. 3rd stop, the steam room with herbal scents. Don't wear your robe into...the...steam..room. Some lady was about to do that and I suggested that she not. Bring in towels instead! Then do yoga in there, fun too..when the steam fills the room, no one can even tell what the heck you're doing, like it matters in the first place, free country right. Personally I didn't think it smelled like anything pleasant ( I really like the eucalyptus scent at bellagio's steam room)4th stop, arctic room! This was why I wanted to come take a look at Qua. Well it was the deciding factor. A COLD SNOWING ROOM?! Well it was snowing bubbles, great representation of snow though. I went in with my swimsuit and some lady looked at me in her robe. There is a bowl and if you press the button to the left, ice chips fall through the tube. Apparently you use it for exfoliation. So I took two handfuls and "exfoliated" my skin. I was freezing cold. The lady suddenly said, "You are crazy." I am telling you, it's not that bad, go try it!...this is where i jump back and forth between the steam room and the arctic room. It's thrilling. Cuz I am hot and I am cold, yes and I'm no, I go in then I go out...5th stop, the counter at the end of the hall with ice cold towels and water. HYDRATE AFTER THE STEAM ROOM! ICE COLD REFRESHER AFTER SWEATING....or bring in the iced towel into the sauna. 6th stop, showers. There is one more hot tub thing, but I didn't go in. It didn't look appealing, so I went back to the roman baths. After that, I hit the showers. Each shower stall locks, has a towel rack, towel mat, cleansing essentials and shaving cream. You'd think the shampoo/conditioner is soothing, but noo, the conditioner is horrible!! I didn't even feel like my hair was clean after using it. There are 4 shower heads. Well one overhead rainforest style, two from the front @ an angle and another in the back. 7th stop, swim suit spin dryer machine to turn my drenching wrung swimsuit dripless. 8th stop, the tea lounge. Right beside the tea lounge, there is a counter with iced tea, water, pretzels, fruit and underneath are cabinets and disguised fridges with canned juice. The tea lounge is a waiting area for spa treatments and for relaxing. Ask for a cup of recommended tea, grab a magazine, and chill. 9th stop, vanity counter. After changing, I headed over to the vanity counters where there are q-tips, razors, cotton pads, thin hair ties, hair brushes, curler, straightener, blow dryer, lotion, aerosol deodorant, and hairspray. I actually came back later in the evening before it closed to shower again and curl my hair..HAHA. Hey, it's an all day pass. I am disastrous when it comes to doing nice things to my hair. The employees weren't busy because it was a slow time before closing. Taylor, super friendly lady, curled my hair for me. THANK YOU!See, you can have an adventure in the spa and use up a good 2-4 hours without even knowing it. Next time, I am TREATing myself to a TREATment. It was trick or TREATing night too. Dang it. Too  late.
5	If this will be your first time here, check out my previous reviews and photos of Qua!Yesterday, my friend and I spent nearly 6.5 hours at Qua. We were able to get same-day appointments at 11am. They have a special running through the end of November where on certain days of the week, they had specific treatments for $99. I got a 50-minute Classic Massage and my friend wanted the Vino Veritas 50-minute facial. They do require a credit card to secure the reservations and same-day cancellations are not allowed, so if you are doing a last-minute booking, be certain you can come to the spa.We walked to Caesars from the Wynn, which took about 35 minutes. Checking in was a bit hurried because we had arrived pretty close to the appointment time. Usually if this is your first time and you've arrived a minimum 30 minutes before the appointment time, they give you a tour of the facilities and you can change and enjoy the water facilities before your treatment. We went to the tea lounge after we changed into our bathrobes. Since I had no preference for therapist, they had booked me with Cardell (I think--at least there is a "car" in the name). Since the male therapists cannot enter the women's area, the spa attendant escorted me to the laconium, which is a co-ed space that featured warmed curved stone benches with twinkling lights above. It reminded me of the steam room we have at the spa I work at back home.Cardell picked me up in a few minutes, and after a brief discussion on areas to focus, I got on the table lying face down and we started our session. Now, not having a massage in 6 months, what I really needed was a deep tissue massage, but the $99 price was much more enticing than paying $160. I was not expecting much deep tissue work because there is no reason for the therapist to exert that much effort for a discounted treatment that also gives them a lower commission, especially if it's a hotel spa, where there might not be a high retention of repeat clientele. Not here. Cardell pretty much gave me an excellent and firm full body massage. Elbows, forearms, fingers--very therapeutic work. I was surprised he was able to fit all this in a 50-minute session. It was more vigorous than what I'm accustomed to (I like flowing, long strokes in massage and had the Lomi Lomi treatment last year) but it felt awesome! Some parts were painful but it was a good hurt. I left the treatment room feeling very relaxed and wishing I had the money to extend to 75 minutes.Cardell has been with Qua for nearly 3 years and has a friendly and professional demeanor. At the end of your session your therapist will place a mini folio by the treatment table where you can write how much gratuity you can leave (you pay for the treatment upfront at check-in). Since he pretty much gave me deep tissue work, I tipped based off the full value of the 50 minute deep tissue massage. If you feel your therapist did excellent work and you're getting a discount for your treatment, please do the same. Also, I inquired Cardell if Carole (my therapist from last year) was still there and he confirmed that she is still working at Qua.After that, my friend and I enjoyed the heat and water facilities. The reason why we spent so long there was her esthetician gave her strict orders not to go in water facilities or steam for 2 hours after her facial and we were too lazy to go out for lunch and come back. The stone loungers by the roman baths are so comfortable for reading and sleeping.The spa that day was more crowded than our last visit and there were a lot more nakedness this time around. The spa provides disposable panties if you don't want to reveal your bush to the world but I think if you're gonna be topless, you might as well be on the bottom, too. We saw a lady whose disposable was so ill-fitting, the only thing that was keeping it from falling off was a string.Anyway, 5 stars all-around! Please do visit if you're in Vegas, and I hope you have a good time!
4	The other reviewers said it best -- Qua is a great day spa, with experienced therapists and unique amenities that mimic the caledarium, tepidarium and frigidarium of the Roman baths.  Very cool concept and a relaxing, enjoyable execution.  Although pricey, I felt the prices were entirely in line with the quality of the treatments, amenities and staff.The only thing lacking were robes large enough to accommodate people of size.  I am a size 22 and my husband wears a 3X and the spa did not have robes large enough for us.   For larger guests, I would recommend bringing your own white robe.
5	It was my first time here. I didn't book any service just used the facility. The receptionists were super friendly. LOVE LOVE all the extra goodies they have from robe spa to teas and snacks. Definitely will be going back for a service next time.
5	I fell in love as soon as I walked in for the quick tour. Roman baths with 3 water temps in separate whirlpool. Private showers in the corner of the roman baths area with a free falling shower in the middle of the 3 pools totally accent the place. On the two sides of the roman baths are they reclined seats, they are stone seats and they are heated!!! So soothing to just sit there after soaking In the baths!Inside is the tea room which they offered variety of different teas, coffee, and hot chocolate! Super relaxing and comfortable sitting area. Right behind the tea room is the vanity area with double row of private showers next to that! The vanity was complete with hair dryers, curling iron, and flat iron! Q-tips, brushes, lotion, deodorant, tooth paste and tooth brush!! Seriously? Everything a girl can ask for, and then some after getting a relaxing treatment.And right behind the vanity/showers locates another whirlpool, and across from that is the sauna, steam room, and the arctic  ice room. Pretty nice cool room, and when you walk in there's a sensor that sets off the "snow" that falls off the ceiling, but it's really just soap. But how nice it feels when you are in there!!The service was phenomenal. I was greeted quickly as I arrived Into the spa area, they served you tea, while you lounge, and escorts you to your treatment.( which they bring you to another room with stone heated seats ) Awwww, Qua. I'm in love and this place set a really high expectation for me for other spas! I compared it to trump towers, which was also nice, but trump was much smaller and didnt have as much amenities as Qua did.
4	Qua is awesome, it's very clean and the amenities are aplenty. Just to use the facility all day it's $45. What does that include? Access to all the pools- hot, warm, cold, mineral, etc. and all the saunas- dry, steam, herbal, cold. I recommend using their peppermint towels, drape it over your face while sitting in the hot pool, it's divine. All is provided so just arrive with a change of clothes- by all I mean shampoo, hair dryers, qtips, flip flops, etc. They'll also make you your own personal teas while you wait for your massage.I had the Classic massage and it was awesome, my masseuse was great at targeting my trouble areas and the ambiance couldn't be more relaxing. I enjoyed every minute of my time at Qua and would recommend coming, great place to detox with some friends.
5	Like walking into a little piece of Heaven, this spa is definitely the best I have ever been to and I will come to measure all future spas against Qua. Having just run a 1/2 marathon and with aching muscles, I limped in, hopeful that I would find some relief. I was also searching for some serenity to the singing slot machines down the hall. The moment I walked through the doors, all troubles, aches and pains just floated away. I was treated to a 1 hour soft tissue massage that was pleasant, comfortable, and ever-so relaxing. So relaxing, in fact, that I think I feel asleep! The woman who performed the massage was extremely friendly, helpful, and attentive to my needs. After enjoying the massage, I experienced the roman baths, steam rooms (both hot and cold) and showers. All were divine, beautiful, and very refreshing.Though on the pricey side, I would recommend Qua to anyone in Vegas in need of some pampering. While I'm sure there are other wonderful spas in the city, I will always be returning here.
4	Beautiful place! But, as expected from Caesar's Palace.  This is where the rich b*tches go for their daily facials.  I went for the Holiday special.  I enjoyed my facial and all the amenities it offers, private shower stalls, apples/bananas, coffee/water.  Professional, touch button password lockers, sandals..etc.  Only thing I didn't like was some of their front desk crew, bunch of newbs.  They screwed up my appointment and didn't explain anything.  However, my facial lady was wonderful and most of the staff were very professional.  My facial lady told me that they are constantly hiring new people at the front desk, so they tend to mess up a lot.  I went w/ my gf, so I expected to do things together, but due to the Roman bath, everything is pretty much separated, since it's a naked hot tub venue.  If you're gay, this is the place to be, I checked out the Roman bath for 15min since i saw a few couples there staring me down.  No, I wasn't naked!
2	i'm really not sure why this place got so many stars.  i've been to quite a few spas, and this one is way overpriced and the experience was mediocre.  i got the chai tea body mask treatment, which starts off with a grape seed body scrub.  you know, if i spend $210 on a treatment, don't get cheap with me on the products.  the lady had like 5 grains of sand on her hand, and was trying to exfoliate me.  i bet walking around in skinny jeans has more of an effect than this.  she tells me that it might get cold, but they can't heat the chai tea mask because it'll dry out.  so turn on the chair warmer!  i dunno if it was not an option, but i was uncomfortably cold the whole time.after the scrub, she brushes on the chai tea mask, again with the stinginess.  lady, do you pocket the rest of the product and sell it on the street or something?  while she was working on my front, she folded up a towel and placed it under my head, but after being on my back for a while it started hurting my head and neck.  i'd like my $210 back, please!  she finished me off with a vanilla bean lotion, but i was so freezing cold at this point that i jumped right into the spa after the treatment was done.  brrrrrrrr!a few minutes later my friends were done with their treatments, so we decided to check out the steam room.  it was so steamy in there that you couldn't see 2' in front of your face.  then this lady comes in and leaves the door slightly open.  she gets up to close it, but doesn't close it all the way again.  this time she's too lazy to get up and close it again, so after giving her the evil eye, i get up to close it.  she said: "oops, i'm sorry.  was it not closed?"  ya, right lady, like you didn't know :P  after about 15 minutes it got too hot, so we went to chill out in the arctic room, which i thought was the best part of the spa.  it looks like a cute little igloo inside, and even has "snow" (it's really foam) drifting down from the ceiling.  after sweating buckets in the sauna, we chilled out in the arctic room again.  i want one!
5	What an incredible spa! I enjoyed every minute of it.   It was so relaxing and well worth it.   There are three jacuzzi pools with warm water, hotter water and even ice cold water.  I enjoyed the warm water and hotter water jacuzzi pools and put my foot into the cold water one.  I also enjoyed sitting in the lounge and enjoying a cool beverage such as juice, water, tea or even hot chocolate.  There are three kinds of saunas: hot, herbal and a cool sauna.   I also sat in the big jacuzzi roman tub and that felt so nice. The shower was fun because you had several shower heads spraying at you similar to a Swiss shower.  It is well worth it and a very relaxing spa!
5	This is by far the best spa I've been to. It is EVERYTHING I want and need in a spa: Quiet, dim, lounging areas, several jacuzzi's, steam sauna, dry sauna, snacks, lush robes, ect. I love it here. I could spend most of my day here and practically do. The services are good, staff professional and kind.Everything is clean and constantly replenished. Wonderful experience every time!!
5	mmmmmm....... like that! i love it here and literally, i spent the whole day here with my girls. it was my last night in vegas and what better way to sober up (and hydrate) than go to a spa?? day passes are $45. for that price you can wander through all the rooms they have (steam, sauna, arctic *my fave :)*, tea room, showers). there's so much room to lounge too! I relaxed on one of the heated stone chairs by the main pool. they have juice, water, fruits, and towels within reach to make your experience more comfortable. after grabbing a mint chilled cold towel for my eyes i fell asleep! the tea room has a selection of teas that cater to your treatment (or to your mood). the attendants prepare the tea for you. as another treat, if tea isnt your thing, they make hot chocolate!! yumm! complete with peppermint stick. the vanity area is packed with toiletries. shower complete with shampoo, soap, conditioner, and shaving cream. soooo nice. they have ceramic straightners, blow driers, and curling irons for your after care as well. dont worry about what to wear walking around; robes are provided along with flip flops. you can wear a swimsuit or go nekkid underneath. up to you! i loved the arctic room. felt like i was stepping into a fridge with peppermint snow. lol. soooooooooo cool! come here to get rid of your hangover :). P.S. prices for treatments are pretty high. aside from the wax treatments (20+) i think everything was over 150. day pass without services is worth it. no need to lose any more money although im sure the service is amazing.
4	After months and months of all the stress and ridiculous, terrible things I have done to my skin from sleep deprivation, my best friend and I decided to treat ourselves out @ the Qua Baths & Spa for facials.They had a Winter Special going on so we were quick to take advantage of that! It was our first time going to a day spa, and it was such an AMAZING experience! Very impressed.While we waited for our 4:30 appointment, we napped in the tea room after a cup of green tea (we literally started packing 6 hours before our 6 am flight, haha). We explored their Roman baths, sauna, steam room, and the artic room, where it 'snows' body moisturizer at cold temperatures (our favorite). Definitely fit for girls who want to spoil themselves and to unwinddddd~ My spa lady was very friendly and professional when giving my facial. She made really great suggestions and recommendations for me and my skincare and even gave me some samples of things to help my breakouts. She was such a sweetheart. And the facial felt soo rejuvenating --- my face was born again! It was a little pricey for me, but hey, it's Vegas.
5	Here's the run down on this place: You get a large 4 digit locker to hold your stuff in. A clean white robe, thick rubber flip flops in your size, and fresh towels wherever you go. Also there are ice cold peppermint cloths to place over your face, eyes, shoulders, wherever. The peppermint cloth doesn't sound like a big deal- but it is! I need to buy whatever they use to make that cloth smell like that, it's so relaxing.  I used mine when I went into the Sauna, and again over my shoulders in the jacuzzi. They have different Jacuzzis of varying temperature depending on what you are in the mood for and heated rock beds. My only gripe was that some women felt the need to "save" their bed by throwing their stuff on it! Hey- if you're not using it take your stuff so that others can enjoy it! I wanted to lay next to my sister and enjoy the heated rock bed. Next time I go I might be ballsy enough to throw the stuff aside and lay on the rock bed if no one is there within 30-45 minutes or so that I see the bed beinig "saved". WTF I thought about docking a star for this because Qua could and SHOULD have a sign telling people that this chair holding-thing isn't allowed. Saunas (two of them):  a wet and a dry one. The first time I went the wet was too hot to stand, and the second time the wet was absolutely perfect. The perfect room to detox your skin.A snowing peppermint room! SO cool. A lady (another customer) informed me that the peppermint snow was infused with certain oils to make your skin super soft as she rubbed the discarded snow onto her arms and legs. I wanted to try that out but didn't want to deal with that much cold, just a personal thing, but I am sure it's lovely for most people.  I liked to sit in the snowing room anyway, both times I visited Qua, I spent maybe 20-30 minutes in there cumulative.Tea room- The first time I came I had the detox tea (good, high quality tea), the second time I wanted to mix the teas myself and make my own concoction. The attendant was there to assist me and let me know how to steep it myself. She was super helpful. Qua also has fresh fruit for you to eat and pretzels.  They have iced lemon water and a special iced tea that tastes a little like jasmine to me?  Very nice to have healthy choices for a little something to put in your belly whileyou're relaxing.$45 for a day pass (includes gym access). You can come and go if you want to have a break from the relaxing spa, have lunch, come back. It opens sometime ridiculously early in the morning 6AM? and closes at 8PM. It felt like I was there for an hour but I spent about four hours there. I'll be returning often, maybe on a Monday because they have deals on their treatments there (facials, massages, pedicures, or whatever else you could possibly want at a spa).  Both times I left this spa feeling so relaxed, so recharged, and SO happy!
5	The phrase, "simply the best" comes to mind.  Caesar's Palace knows what they're doing.  With Qua they have hit it out of the park.  Not only is the spa massive and fully capable of keeping you entertained for an entire day, but the services are wonderful and the staff are incredibly helpful.  Qua has a snow room (seriously), a dry heat sauna, a steam room with shower, a giant hot tub, an area to sip tea and watch TV, amazing showers, a beautiful top of the line area to get ready for your day --- and that's just in one of the areas!  In the other main area they have roman baths ... when you enter make sure to hang up your robe in the heated closet.  I kid you not!  Then go over to either the incredibly hot tub or the incredibly cold tub.  Or, you could take a dip in the gigantic medium temperature tub... there is a waterfall in the middle and while you're soaking all you will hear is the peaceful sound of water falling all around you.  When you're starting to prune, go over to one of the heated stone chairs, wrap yourself in your robe and melt away into paradise.  Nobody does it quite as well as Qua.  If it is a spa day you seek, then Qua really should be your destination.
5	I've been to many spas, but the Qua Spa is the best.  The roman bath room with it's 3 different temperature tubs with the large shower in the middle followed by lounging on one of the heated stone beds combined for one of the best naps I've had in years.  Followed up with a visit to the four different sauna rooms; dry, steam, herbal steam and the Artic room made my body even more at peace.Then followed the perfect classic massage which I could not have asked for it to be done more perfectly.  Ending with lounging in the tea lounge made it a wonderful afternoon.
4	Really 4.5.  This place is AWESOME!  I paid for a deep tissue massage which gave me access to the gym and spas all day long.  My friend and I headed over a couple hours before our scheduled massage.  We briefly went to the gym (which was ok... didn't blow me away), and then headed in to the spa.  The roman baths and various steam rooms were awesome, as was the whirlpool.  I also loved the sitting area and the food and drinks available.  Fresh lemon water, healthy snacks, tea service... I got hydrated really quickly after a slightly wild night on the town.  The massage I got was great too.  I got a male masseuse... it was slightly weird because I was naked under my towel, but he was totally professional about it and I never once felt awkward while the massage was going on.  The massage itself was great.  I was a little scared after requesting a deep tissue, but the firmness was just right without being painful.The spa is clothing optional, but I would say 90% of the women had a bathing suit on.  My friend and I felt a little weird going buck naked at first, but quickly got used to it.  Either way, I was pretty surprised by the lack of nudity.My one complaint is that the spa was packed.  It was relaxing anyway, but it was louder than a lot of spas I've been to and there were a lot of women using everything.
4	After reading reviews on Yelp *wink* I decided to book my birthday massage at Qua.I booked a 75 minute classic massage with Dru (woman) who was recommended to me by a friend.The spa is located on the 2nd floor of the towers, right next door to Color Salon.Once you check in, they guide you back into Qua where you will meet a worker.  They will then have you sign in and introduce you to Qua Baths & Spa.  The only part of Qua that is co-ed is the gym.  The rest is separated.The Roman Baths- mineral water hot tubs.  One is cold, one is perfect and one was scalding your skin off hot.  (At least to me!)  There are very comfortable stone heated seats around the Roman baths for you to lounge in.Lockers- free to use.  You enter a code that you pick to lock & unlock your locker.  Inside the locker is a bathrobe and flip flops for you to wear.Tea Room- they will make a loose-leaf tea for you!  This is where you will wait for your treatment, or you can just relax and eat some fruit, or sip on tea, water, coffee or flavored water.  Also, this is the only place there is a clock!Jacuzzi- There is a chlorine jacuzzi if you would rather use that, then the mineral water Roman Baths.Cedar Sauna- dry & hot sauna, very standard.Arctic Room- This is a cooler room that "snows" soap on you.  Very nice after the sauna and steam room.Herbal Steam Room- this was the most intense steam room I have ever been in.  But it was my favorite.  Just like a regular steam room but intense that by 50.I heard the proper way is to go hot, cold, hot, cold, etc.  So today I did the steam room, then the arctic room, then the sauna, repeat.  Then the Roman Baths.  Then back on the regime of steam, arctic and sauna.  In between each room, I would get a water, a fresh towel and a fresh cold, peppermint wash cloth.I got there around 11:30am, did all of that.  Had my massage at 2pm (for 75 minutes) and then came back and did all of that again until 4pm.The Massage-I had the classic 75 minute massage.  Dru came and got me and took me back to the room.  She stepped out, and you undress and get under the sheets.  She asked what kind of pressure I would like- light, medium or hard.  I asked for a mix of medium & hard.  She then asked what areas I would like focused on.  I told her my shoulders and neck.  Then she proceeded to massage my neck and face and head.  She did my arms and legs.  Then you turn over and she does your back, legs, arms, buttocks and more of your back.  It was absolutely perfect!  I didn't want it to end!  She took me back to where all of the rooms are and I was able to do more of the steam, arctic and sauna action before I decided to leave.Note: Most people wear their bathing suits.  This is just me, but I don't like the naked aspect to it, but whatever!Showers- They have individual showers for you to use.  There is a main "rain" head and three other places where water comes out of the wall.  They have shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel for you to use.  As well as, shaving cream and razors.  Once you get done showering, you can put your bathing suit into a tiny machine for it to dry it out.Then you can go over to the vanities and use their blow dryers, straighteners, curling irons, deodorant, hair spray, hair gel, baby powder, bobby pins, combs, brushes and a few other things.Everyone was really nice and everything stayed completely stocked.I definitely put in my full days worth at Qua!  Qua was awesome.  Everyone says that it is the best.  I'm scared to try anywhere else!
5	omg...a bit expensive but i have to say...i was reset for over a week because of this message....good job.
4	My mom and I came to Qua on Tuesday the 22nd at 11 in the morning. First you pay for your services.  After that, you walk in and give the envelope with your reciepts to another desk attendant and they give you a tour/locker etc.  The desk girl who gave us the tour was not so great. She was cearly rushed/stressed and she didn't bother to show us where exactly the saunas/hot tub were just kind of pointed down the hallway. My mom asked her how to use the lockers and she said 'Just wait i'm about to show you!'  in a snippy tone of voice. I am a service provider in a high-end salon/spa and I am fully aware that a large spa is busy and hectic but this should never transate to spa clientele(especially right after they drop $500.) This encounter left a bad taste right off the bat.On to the services! I had a micro dermabrasion facial with Stephanie B. She was excellent. Great consutation, she was really personable and friendly and we were chatting the whole time. My skin feels great still! My mom had a collagen facial, unfortunatley I don't know her therapists name but she loved her facial. The facility is gorgeous.  We hung out in the roman baths most of the time and posted on some heated chairs for awhile. The arctic ice room was amazing too! I should add that every other staff member was professional and friendly besides the one who originally checked us in. Thanks for the relaxing day Qua!
4	Quick & Dirty:  Worth the day pass price.  Enough to keep you busy for 3-4 hours.  So go and relax already!Long & Qua:I decided to hit Qua after looking out at the pool at Caesars and seeing it swarming with people.  I didn't feel like fighting for a chair out there so I went into Qua and got a day pass.  It wasn't nearly as crowded as the pool but for a Spa, it was pretty crowded.  Qua is big inside and has at least 5 hot tubs in the mens area.  There are also 2 steam rooms, a dry sauna, and the famous arctic room (my favorite).  There is also the lounge area with TV and chairs, bevs, fruit, etc.  One of the other things I liked were the heated stone lounge chairs.  I could've relaxed in one all day, but they need to turn the heat up on them.I didn't get a massage when I went to Qua.  I was discouraged because they don't waive the $40 day spa fee if you get a full service.  That's a little lame if you ask me.  The only reason Qua doesn't get 5 stars is because there is no outdoor area.  Can someone, ANYONE please make a spa that also has a large outdoor area to lounge at?  Glen Ivy in CA still has everyone beat on that one.Would I go here again?  Sure.Should you go here?  Yes, but it can get busy.
5	I went to the Qua during Spring Break and it was awesome!  Qua is an area away from the casino giving you the ability to remove yourself from the casino atmosphere.  The woman I first encountered (to pay) was not the most inviting.  When I entered the bath area, which is beautiful by the way, I did not receive a tour of the facilities. Maybe they thought I had been there before...oh well.  Qua made up for it in many other ways.  Fortunately for me, another patron told me about Qua and gave me a quick tour.  He directed me the to the Roman Baths.  The best part of Qua is the Roman Baths.  There are three main pools and a large shower in the center of the room.  The large pool was the perfect temperature for me to completely relax.  There are heated seats and people were able to sleep there.  The seats were transition from all the water of the pools. The fitness area is large.  At the time of use, there were only five other people in the fitness area.  It is very clean and contained a wide variety of machines.  The weight area is small but with only six people in the gym I had no problems using the equipment I needed. There is a stocked tea bar with hot tea, iced tea, lemon water and juices.  There is also fresh fruits-apples, bananas and oranges.  They even have some snacks such as pretzels and chips.      Qua is definitely worth the price if you are going to stay a few hours.  It is a great way to get away from the smoke-filled casinos.  I will definitely be visiting Qua again!
5	At first I had really high expectations, and was not really wow-ed by QUA. But after going to another spa 2 days later... holy crap. Qua lives up to its reputation. The steam rooms are AMAZING and the Arctic freeze room with fake snow was definately cool. Had a great treatment and the facilities were top notch. Would recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing time.
4	Pricey, but you will definitely be pampered here.  If you don't want to spend the 200+ dollars for a massage here, you can definitely relax effectively with just the day pass which allows you access to the baths, steam room, jacuzzi, and sauna.  The steam rooms are wonderful, I liked alternating between the herbal hot steam room and the serene cold room with the foamy snowflakes that float down from the ceiling.  The baths themselves are great too for relaxing.  I took a tip from another yelper and used the cool peppermint hand towels and placed them over my eyes while relaxing in the lukewarm and hot baths.  It was heavenly.  I could easily spend a whole day here no problem. I had a deep tissue massage here as well and it was definitely very deep!  The therapist was always very considerate and made sure it was the right amount of pressure.  Although it did reawaken some existing muscle injury I had previously, apparently I was so relaxed during the massage that I fell asleep halfway through and didn't realize it until the therapist rang the bell to indicate treatment was over.
5	You just can't beat a Vegas spa for over the top decadance!  Qua hit the spot when I wanted away from the constant sensory overload of the casino and the vegas crowds.  The spa itself is seperated into the men and womens side.  Each side sports grand Roman Style bath/jacuzzis which are kept at three different temperatures: hot, hotter and ice cold.    At the side of the baths are tiled seats shaped like lawn chairs (thermal stone deep relaxation chaises) that are heated!  I felt like some lazy reptile basking on a heat rock! There are also a nice herbal steam room spiked with eucalyptus to clear the sinuses.  Also, something I haven't ever seen.  They have a cold room where you can go if you get too overheated.  Seriously! little snow flakes and everything falling!  Price for the services can feel a bit steep.  50 minutes for a classic massage will run you $140.  Use of the spa without any services is $45 dollars which is well worth it in my opinion.  I spent 6 hours here my last visit and it was worth every penny!
5	I want to build the Roman baths in my house!!!!!!!!!!!!  OMG, IT WAS SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!We girls arrived at Qua around 3 pm to visit the facilities (I needed a nice soak.)  We were then ushered into the spa area and were given a tour and our locker info.  The first thing I did was jump in the shower to rinse off and ran to the Roman Baths!!  It was absolutely relaxing!!  We first went into the main bath, which had a warm temperature to soak for a while.  The reason why I want this in my house is that I love the waterfall effect from the tub!!  We then went over to the hot tub..  MY FAVE!!!  I was probably in there for a good half hour with the waterfall splashing my shoulders.  We then took naps on the heated stone lounge chairs in this steamy room (perfect for your skin!!)  I loved the sound from the overhead shower that helped lull me to sleep.  We felt so pampered just being there.Then we showered and got ready in the self salon area.  It was furnished with dryers, combs, curling irons, razors, cotton balls, straight irons, everything you'd expect from a high end spa.  We then went into the lounge area to relax.  I got some pineapple juice and pretzels to snack on.  It was great!  They offer tea, coffee, juices, fresh fruits and prezels.I can't wait to go back, but need to finish my tour of Vegas Spas ;)  Definitely recommended!!
4	A few friends and I went to Qua Baths & Spa for my birthday a couple months ago. We normally do the spa at the Encore, which we absolutely love. It is pretty pricey if you go for a spa package. They accept SpaFinder though.Qua is a completely different experience. I always get a deep-tissue massage, and the one I got at Qua was the best I've ever had. I enjoyed the different steam rooms, and one had a eucalyptus feel to it. The Roman bath toward the front is massive and you can lay on the heated stone chairs forever. It does get crowded, so don't look forward to too much solitude or quiet. One of my friends had never been to a spa before, and he didn't want to leave when it was time for dinner. The only thing negative I could say is that the attendants did not offer to provide a tour for newcomers. Although I don't need it, my friends mentioned they would enjoy an outdoor area to relax.
5	Since i'm only 19, my vegas trips usually consist of buffets, shopping, and QUA :) This is the perfect place to unwind and escape reality for a couple of hours. My first visit was after a loong week of finals, and my second visit was after a tedious 6-week summer course.. which made me appreciate and enjoy my experiences here that much more! Here is my recipe for one stress-free, happy camper: 1. Dip yourself in the warm Roman bath infused with mineral water for soft silky skin. 2. Head over to the hot Roman bath for a quick boil to ease your muscles. (I skipped the cold bath because it was just too chilly for me)3. Take a seat on the heated stone chairs and rest those tired eyes!  4. Make your way to the herbal room and steam for 20 minutes. 5. Enter the cedar wood sauna for a nice clean roast. 6. Then, off to the arctic ice room for a cool down 7. Finally, head to the lounge and enjoy signature hot teas while reading a book or magazine.  The showers and vanity area are beautiful, spacious, and clean. All of your daily essentials are provided, the only thing you really need to bring  with you is your makeup.I am extremely grateful to be able to experience such an amazing spa like this because it is indeed on the pricier side. I'll continue to work hard in school, so i can afford to come back more often in the future :)
2	I must have gone to Qua on their worst day ever b/c all the reviews I read prior to going were so great.  My massage was a glorified rub down, and if I'd paid 1/2 the price, I still would have felt ripped off.  I got the swedish ($155), and my husband got the custom or deeper sports massage (165 or $175).  Both were totally lacklaster - to start, the room was cold.  I've never had a massage where I didn't feel at least a little warm and break a sweat.  The guy used so much oil on me that when he would re-adjust the sheets, I would get all clammy b/c of the cold air and over-abundance of oil.  After 20 minutes, I almost asked if I could just leave, but my husband was there (we got a couples' massage) so I didn't want to cause a fuss and ruin his time, too.  I am typically pretty wimpy when it comes to massages, but I actually had to tell this guy to go harder for the first time in my life - not that he asked.  Most massage therapists will ask you how the pressure is, but this guy just said "how are you doing" 1/2 way thru.  I took that opportunity to tell him he could apply more pressure.  I can honestly say after 50 minutes, not one inch of my body was any better than when I'd walked in.The facility is beautiful, but there are no coed areas, and the day I was there, the notorious "roman baths" weren't even open. The tea lounge is great and the amenties are the best, so it could be a fun place for a relaxing girls spa day, but if you truly want a good massage, this is NOT the place for it.
4	This is by far the nicest spa I've ever frequented.  I got a Spafinder deal for a $99 facial (Mon.-Thurs.).  Not sure I would be as effusive about this place if I had paid regular price ($180) for my facial, but anyway . . . .  The locker room was impeccably clean--a must for me!  The vanity area had plenty of supplies--hairbrushes, cotton swabs, razors, toothbrushes and toothpaste.  I enjoyed the fitness center, which was enormous and empty.  Each bike/elliptical/treadmill has its own TV screen, which is a nice touch.  They provide bottled water, towels, and headphones. After the workout, I enjoyed the Roman bath (a large jacuzzi), the artic room (it snows when you wallk in!), the dry sauna (nice temperature), adn the steam room (ditto).  You are supposed to wait in the Tea Room for your treatment.  They provide plenty of magazines, fruit juice, and snacks (pretzels, bananas) to make the wait as painless as possible.  To enhance the relaxing vibe, the Tea Room is the only place in the spa with a clock.  The staff offers to take your order from a menu of about 8 loose leaf teas.  One final caveat: On the weekends, in addition to being more expensive, I suspect that Qua is more crowded and thus may not be the tranquil retreat it was when I visited.
4	I really wanted to love it but I'm more satisfied than anything else. I only went in for the spa facility, no treatment.  Maybe if I had, I would come out better or worse, who knows. Went with 7 other girls, which is a fun thing to do when you're just looking to relax and chill out. We stayed from 3-6pm on a Saturday, and it wasn't too occupied where we could go about as we pleased.  The entrance is nice, and the staff is courteous although at a few times lacking. They would show up when you didn't need them and disappear when you needed something. Like how to brew the tea or a plastic bag for my wet swimsuit or a guided tour.  But all in all they were never rude.Went to the hot tub first which is pretty huge, perfect way to start. Then we headed to the roman baths. Glad the tepid temperature pool is also ample and love the various lounge chairs around.  Stand or sit up against the waterfall in the hot jacuzzi.  Iced lemon water, bottled waters, juices, fruit, fresh towels, pepperminted chilled hand towels are placed everywhere.  Leave your robe inside the robe sauna before you dip and afterwards it's nice warm and dry for you. My trick to know you grabbed your own robe and not someone else's? I keep 2 water bottles in each pocket.  Have to keep hydrated at all times!I took a new towel and pepperminted towel (these are the ones in iced bowls) with me at every stop. With the rooms, the best way to do it is start at the steam room disrobed, then the Arctic room with robe, then cedar dry sauna derobed again.  I did this twice in between dips at the pool.  The Artic room is really refreshing only for the temperature change.  The weird sputter of foam from the ceiling could be better.  Also, be careful as the hallway floors to these rooms are super slippery. Restrooms are spacious, as are the showers and sinks. They provide more towels, shower gel, shampoo, thick conditioner, toothbrush/toothpaste, hair spray, lotion, baby powder, hair dryers, curlers and straighteners.For the downsides:The rudest part, were these obese butchy ladies who kept hoarding the heated stone lounges using their wet towels and ugly feet to "save their spot" the whole time. I mean there's only 6. And eww, to the other lady who was on her cell phone. Umm that's not allowed per privacy policy. Sometimes the showers aren't cleaned out. Locker room is tiny like smaller than at my gym, although there is a one-person changing room next door.Calming spa music is played everywhere you go.The facility is not huge, but just very spacious. I'd be claustrophobic if there were more than 50 visitors there. After all the dips and steaming and cooling, my skin and face felt fabulous!  I would definitely return to experience it again with a treatment.
5	This was the best treat I could have given myself on the Vegas vacation.  I used a Spa Finder gift Certificate AND used one of the Monday-Thursday deals so the price was quite cheap for me - never mind that on top of the treatment I spent 2 hours lounging in the roman baths (I could have fallen asleep on the heated loungers!), the aromatherapy steam room and the awesome snow room (are the seats in here supposed to be heated though?  everything was stone cold when I was there - but it was a nice break from the steam room).  Plus I read my book, was treated with lemon water, freshly blended teas & pretzels before my treatment.  Nicole was at the front desk when I arrived and she was the sweetest and most amazing spa attendant.  She was super caring and wanted to make sure I had the best experience there and gave me super detailed tour of everything and gave suggestions on what order I should try out the facilities, what tea I should drink and basically answered every conceivable question I had.  The body scrub & moisturizer was incredible - my skin was baby soft for days.  My 2 nitpicky notes: my robe was pretty worn and not very luxurious, they should probably get a new shipment in soon.  they also stressed it was clothing optional yet when I was there I only saw 1 person in the nude - I came in for the tour without my swimsuit but made a quick trip back to my hotel room to grab one when I saw I would be the only gal going au natural - maybe it was just the time I was there but I think it would make more sense for the spa to say it's clothing optional BUT most people opt for swimsuits.
3	I booked at Qua because I have generally heard good things about this spa. I used Spa Finder gift certificates from Costco (about a 20% savings). This was a definite plus! My boyfriend got the 'Tops and Tails' and I had a 60 min massage and the 'Fiji Ritual'. My boyfriend didn't care much for his Tops and Tails. He has been to a few spas with me so he has some knowledge about treatments. He just said it was so-so. My massage was not a good experience. My therapist seemed rushed. Her technique was poor and not relaxing in the least bit. She seemed almost bothered to be there. I almost wonder if she was new? No stars here. BUT! The Fiji Ritual was amazing. Linda, who did the service was so nice and wonderful. She immediately put me at ease. The scrub was pleasant as was the body butter she painted on. My most favorite part was the Mango oil scalp treatment and my hand/foot massage. It was so relaxing and blissful. I would absolutely come back to Qua just for this service.  I ended up buying the massage oil because it was such an amazing product.The facility is nice but it was PACKED with clients, on a Tuesday afternoon. There were ladies chatting about everywhere. All of the heated chairs were taken and the baths were full. Felt very bustling with energy which is not what I want out of a spa. Qua is nice and they do have some good services. Likely due to its reputation is why the facility is so busy and packed. My recommendation: Book a treatment that is on special that month, and pay with Spa Finder gift cards. That way you can experience Qua for yourself, at a reduced price. Definitely worth a try. Expect a crowd!
5	I had to go five stars here although I felt the overall experience was better at the Bellagio right next door, the massage I got here was worth five stars alone!
5	This is the best spa in Las Vegas, in my opinon.  What sets it apart from the others is the ambiance - very peaceful.  The Roman Baths are unique and go with the theme of Caesar's.  Also there is an artic room that snows moisturizer on you.  AMAZING.  I got a 75 minute massage and a lotus flower bath.  I walked out feeling VERY relaxed and the staff there really go out of their way to make sure you are taken care of.
4	After a long night of planning my Sissy & soon-to-be Bro's B&B Party with 30+ people... I was sooooo ready for a nice relaxing day at the SPA!And this place was perfect.  I stayed at Caesar's so the spa was literally.. a skip, hop, & jump away!The minute I walked in the doorway to the Spa... I could feel the waterfall begin to wash away the tight knots that had formed from the night before... and my massage therapist made all the bad things go AWAY!!! LOL .. she was awesome.  I think her name was Gloria =)It is a VEGAS MUST!!
5	Since our visits last October were so excellent, sis and I decided to forgo trying one of the newer hotel spas and went back to Qua this trip.   Wise decision.    Still awesome.  And I'd like to give a shout out to Brian and Dru, who administered amazing 75-minute deep tissue massages to my sister and me.    We each left our treatments feeling like the toxins of the prior couple of days had been worked out.  We were sore but felt strangely light and energized.  Hope they are still there next time we are visiting Vegas, because we will be back!
5	Got a massage and a facial here last year for my birthday and it was amazing...first rate all the way. My masseuse was excellent. The plunge pools and jacuzzi were so relaxing. The other patrons there were nice too and you really felt like you were a world away from the hustle and bustle and bright lights of Las Vegas.I would definitely come back. I hope they offer a Groupon or LivingSocial deal very soon.
2	My girlfriend booked me an hour massage here and I was really excited. I had an hour appointment with a masseuse, but came two hours early to experience the famous "roman baths" and spa. They had separate facilities for men and women.Once you get inside, they will greet you with your locker and robe. If you have never been to a spa or it's just maybe this one, be aware of your surroundings. It can get a little shady which I'll explain later. I went straight to the roman baths and was amazed by the decor and layout. They had five different pools/saunas ranging from freezing temperatures to well heated. It felt like a place for a roman king! I stayed mostly in the main pool that was 97 degrees or so. What got me uncomfortable were people doing shady stuff in the back area... I discretely got out of the pool, grabbed my towel and took off like a speeding bullet! I then adventured to the lounging room to get some snacks and drinks, which are on the house. I then went to the shower room, which is amazing. Once I got inside, there were six shower heads shooting at me from all directions!Lastly, I received my massage and it was pretty satisfying. The masseuse was very professional and I felt way too relaxed that I fell asleep half way through it! I gave her a $20 tip.Sad to say, I will not be coming back here due to the shadyness I witnessed happening in the roman baths.
5	The steam rooms, saunas, and 4 different temperature jacuzzis are worth spending the entire day here.  Tucked away in Caesar's Palace on the Las Vegas strip where gluttony is at its epitome, you'll find this tranquil spa.  From beginning to end, the experience was stellar.The girls booked me a massage that put me to sleep.  When the masseuse woke me up from the best massage of my life, I nearly punched her.  With all the stress of wedding planning, this is definitely what the doctor ordered and I did not want it to end.However, the experience didn't end there.  I was immediately whisked away to join my friend in the saunas and Jacuzzis.  My favorite room was the Cedar room.  Living in Houston, I was definitely used to the humidity and loved the smell.  We then jumped into the Artic room where foam bubbles were falling from the sky.  I wasn't prepared for the frigid so I had to put my plush robe back on.  After that, we jumped from jacuzzi to jacuzzi.  The even had waterfalls.  Of the four Jacuzzis I tried that day, my favorite had to be the medium temp one which was the biggest of them all.  I don't know if my luxurious massage or the amenities were better but I definitely felt refreshed.  After a day at the spa, we had so much fun getting ready together is an ultra lux shower with everything from shaving cream to tooth brushed provided.  I can definitely live in there!
5	The most luxurious and decadent spa in Las Vegas. Facilities and services are first rate! Separate facilities for men and women. In addition to the hot/wet rooms there is one that is chilly and it snows. Several Roman Jacuzzis at different temperatures.
5	There really is nothing wonderful to say that hasn't been said. I must re-iterate how amazing this bath and spa is. Including what a great time I had here. Once I arrived, I had no problems with the attentiveness of the attendants as mentioned in other reviews. I mentioned this was my first time here, and Victor immediately understood and walked me throughout the whole spa pointing out particulars and answering any questions I had. While waiting for my hot stone massage, Victor said I could enjoy any aspect of the spa I wanted, and to not worry about time, he would find me. It was so nice to be able to relax and enjoy without worrying about when my appointment is. (I'm the type to be there 5 minutes early instead of 1 minute late). I didn't give the time one thought. Everything was VERY clean and honestly, I'm just speechless. I loved my time there, and after 7 hours in the baths and spa, felt refreshed, relaxed and felt like a new man. Absolutely must try. You won't go anywhere else. I know I won't.
5	During my "baby moon" to Vegas last week I booked my wife a prenatal massage.  I was going to pay the $45 facility fee to just chill in the hot tub, work out, and use the sauna.  After some poking around on their web site I found a $99 week day special which includes a 50 minute classic massage.  I thought what the heck, its like paying $45 for a massage.The facilities are great.  The locker room attendants were very attentive, serving me water and juices as I was relaxing watching sports center in the their tea lounge.  The pool  area had a flat screen TV with three different temperature tubs.  A cold, medium and hot tub.  They also had the hot rock chair lounges as well.  In the center of the tub its a warm water shower.My masseuse was really good.  She worked all my problem areas and I felt like jello after.  While in Vegas its a necessity to get pampered and to relax after a long night of partying.  Qua is definitely the spot to unwind from the hustle and bustle of Vegas.Definitely will be back.
5	The review is for the spa itself.A group of us bachelorettes went here after a weekend of....Vegas ;). My friend brought me here as an engagement gift--best one yet!We were in need of a serious nap, pool, spa, and liquids. I cannot even begin to describe how much I loved the Roman baths, sauna, steam room, and ICE room. We did a few rounds spending about 10-20min in each room and took a great nap.The seasonal tea menu had a great selection. The 'Qua' house tea and the chocolate tea were both delicious. Light snacks are also provided. This will be a Vegas tradition.Tips: Supposedly Costco/Sams has deals to buy $100 worth of spa for $75 and Qua is one of the spas, making the $45 entrance fee more like $30. There is an extensive spa menu including several types of massage, chakra balancing, and crystal therapy...the lady said they were considering adding vajazzle services....basically something for everyone.Also, if you bring closed-toe shoes you can workout in the fancy gym.
5	for $45 allday pass to the spa.3 pools(cold, medium, HOT which has a waterfall) up front and I believe 1 or 2 in the back. herbal steam room, with a shower to rinse off inside(that was a new one for me!), there was a dry sauna and a cold artic room with fake snow, too cute!There was complimentary orange juice, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, orange flavored water and another fruit flavored water, can't remember what flavor. Coffee, tea, bananas, apples, pretzles....Up front they had these tiled lounge chaise that were heated. OMGosh swear we all snoozed there for a couple of hours, sooo relaxing.100% great customer service, that's saying a lot coming from me.Definitely going back, maybe next time I'll get a service...
5	Best spa experience in Vegas ever.Coming back from Burning Man, I needed to go to a day spa. I didn't want to return to LA looking like a dirty, sore, and tired hippie. I decided to go Qua for a massage and to use the amenities for a few hours. I called the morning of. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to get an appointment, but I was able to book a low to medium tension massage for that afternoon. Win! I checked in three hours before my massage to start the R&R and deep cleaning process of my entire body. The spa has a lot of fantastic amenities. The Roman baths which include a hot, cold, and medium temperature spas. The water in the larger medium temperature bath lights up in soothing colors. After a dip in the Roman baths, they have heated lounge chairs and the traditional cushion chairs to relax on. The also have another huge spa close to the saunas. They have three different saunas: one was chilly, one was steam, and the other was a cedar wood one. I loved the cedar wood one...just laid in there and sweated off all the playa dust. The showers were also top notch and exactly what I needed to get a deep clean. They had 4 shower heads. That's right--4. Showers had different settings so you can have up to 3 heads on at the same time. Brilliant. Showers are private, come with 3 clean towels ready for use and plenty of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. The vanity room has everything you would typically stock in your bathroom. From toothbrushes, combs, blow dryers, curling irons, hair spray, it's all there. They have a very relaxing and quiet tea lounge with magazines. Besides tea, you can find coffee, water, and different juices around the spa. Then it came time for my massage. Did I pay $140 plus tip for a strange man to massage me and rub my entire body with lotion? Yes I did, and it was totally worth it. Frank was my masseuse and before getting down to it, he asked what areas he should focus on and how much tension I wanted. He did exactly that. It was amazing. I got everything out of Qua that I wanted. I felt relaxed, clean, and revitalized. If Qua can undo all the damage endured from 5 days in Burning Man, it can do wonders for anyone.
5	Fountain of Youth Message was recommended by Toby Acuna, Spa Supervisor. Best message & Facilities in Vegas. Great deals and beautiful ambiance/amenities.
5	Most relaxing day in a long time.. Felt like I had a week on beach...so relaxed and happy...I used spa gift finer and found it..awesome.http://spafindergift.com/
5	Beautiful, beautiful facilities. Every time I go to Vegas, I look forward to my spa treatment at Qua. It's located in the Augustus Tower of Caesars next to the wedding chapels. The staff is super friendly and the facilities are wonderful. It's so tranquil to spend an hour or two there after my massage treatment. I highly recommend this place to anyone that wants to try out a spa experience in Vegas. There's a special for a classic massage that they run on their slow days. It's $110 for a 50 minute classic massage. If you pair that with a discounted SpaFinder gift certificate, it's a great deal. You can find the gift certificates at Costco (if they still have them) or try looking up a coupon code for SpaFinder.
4	It was our last night in Vegas and the girls/I needed a detox spa bonding experience together.  It was only $45 and we spent half the day, sleeping , playing in water and hanging out in the herbal steam room.  I've never been to a public spa before and it was def relaxing and worth my $45.  I didn't read the reviews before I came and supposedly there is a coupon you can find online/costco to use.This is an all girls spa, so no males allowed.  You can walk around naked if you wanted to and there are no cameras allowed, so I couldn't take any pictures of the Roman Baths.  As you walk in, you are greeted by staff and they take you to the locker room to change.  They also give you a pair of flip flops to wear and a robe to cover up.  I brought a bathing suit, so I was running around trying each spa and room out. The Roman baths include a hot, cold, and medium temperature spas. I did some home work talking to other regulars of the spa and they told me that,. you should go into the medium first, then hot, then cold.  The hot temperature spa will open up your pores and you jump in the cold, so you can close it out and prevent dirt getting in your pores. They also recommended the herbal steam room, to open up your pores as well and jump into the Atlantic chilly room?! My girls and I went on a Monday, Halloween night so there were not many people using the facilities.  I can't imagine it being a weekend and its flooded with people.  They had lounge chairs to sleep in, a ROBE sauna to keep your robe toasty and warm,  they had a sauna; max can fit 4-5 girls sleeping comfortably, a tea room that you can lounge, sleep and chill at.  Tons of water and towels all over the place.I will be back and this time, I'm coming back with a coupon!
5	A-MAZ-ING!I'm a pampered kinda gal, but oddly enough, I've been here for 10 years, and this is my first spa experience in Vegas.  I've visited many spas in California and outside of the country, but this place has got to be one of the best, by far. After an unbelievably stressful week at work, I decided to book myself a massage. Initially, I was just going to Groupon something quick, cheap and fast, but I decided to go all out (Hey, I work my ass off for people, I might as well treat myself once in a while, right?).I got myself a same day appointment for Friday at 3PM for a classic massage with a male masseur.  (FYI, based on what the associate on the phone had told me, if you cancel within 12 or 24 hours *can't remember?* of your appointment, your card WILL still be charged the full amount of your treatment.)  Anyhow, I got there about an hour before my treatment to get myself settled in.  It's located inside Caesar's Palace across the world renowned Guy Savoy restaurant (we'll save that review for another time ;D). Upon walking up to the facility, you're greeted by a receptionist, you sign in, and pay upfront.  The massage itself costed $140 ($110 Monday through Thursday, not including tip).  Pricy but expected.  From there, you're directed into the actual facility where it splits off into a women and men's side (the spas are not coed).  There's something about the decor that gave me such a serene feeling; I knew right off the bat, I was going to get exactly what I came for--relaxation and de-stressing.  At that point, the attendant at the front of the women's side got me a pair of slippers, gave a brief tour of the facility, and gave me a locker, along with a plush robe.  The Roman baths are divided into 3 pools: one that's hot, one that's medium, and one that is cold in temperature.  Here, they have lounge chairs; a few of which are heated. They've also got a whirlpool, an arctic room, a sauna, and a steam room.  The whirlpool wasn't working when I was there, so it just looked like a little kiddie pool lol.  The arctic room is a little room that you walk around in as it "snows."  It's supposed to be good for your skin, but I'm not a huge fan of the cold unless I'm up in the mountains snowboarding, so needless to say, I was probably in there for about 60 seconds flat, before I thought... "uhh... no." The steam room smelled like eucalyptus.  It really opened up my sinuses; I loved it!After my brief time exploring the amenities, I went to the "Tea Room," a room filled with couches and lounge chairs, where clients wait to be called for their treatments.  Here, you can order some food, or enjoy their complimentary fruit or pretzels with some juice, coffee, and tea. Shortly after that, I was called, and led to my massage.  The massage itself was so-so; I've had better.  The main thing I liked about him was that he didn't try and make small-talk.  Which, all too often, is something many massage therapists try to do.  I just wanted to relax and not talk to anyone (which is perhaps why I went alone).  He was attentive and focused on areas that I thought required more attention, and he really tried to get all the tension out of my neck and shoulders.  After the massage was over, I tipped him, and he led me back to the women's area.I spent the next hour or two of my time between the steam room and Roman baths.  One of the main things that I loved about this place was the cleanliness (the attendants are so attentive!) and the fact it wasn't so crowded (granted, I was there later in the day, so that may be something to consider when booking an appointment.)  The showers and vanity areas were impeccably clean.  They pretty much have everything you need to get ready; i.e., brushes, blow-dryers, and toiletries.  Bring your make-up if you wanna get glammed up. I've read some not so great reviews on here, and I could see where it could easily go that way (i.e., when patrons complain about customer service or it being crowded), but I feel like that can vary from person to person and day of the week or time of day.  I was glad that I chose this place to spend my afternoon.  It was unbelievable, and I'm looking forward to coming here again soon!
4	The facility is expansive and draws you in for a relaxing day at the spa.   This was my second visit to Qua.  I had booked a massage, which was so-so.  I have had several treatments/massages here and something that continues to be the common theme is that they always feel rushed.  With such a serene spa environment, you would anticipate the treatments to be very fluid and calming but that was (again) not the case.I will definitely come back to this spa because I love lounging in the Roman baths, drifting around the spa, relaxing on the heated lounger, and dreaming that this is my 'real life' ;)
5	I've had this little piece of heaven bookmarked since I started Yelping three years ago; not until last week could I devote a chunk of time to relaxation while in Sin City. After four soul-saving hours at Qua, I came to the conclusion that I suck at relaxing. I tried several times to fall asleep on the heated stone lounges, as it looked so delicious when others were doing it, but I couldn't will my eyes to stay shut. The Roman Baths were incredibly fun. I kept going back & forth between the hottest pool & the coolest one, enjoying the stark contrast in temperatures. The medium temperature pool (98 degrees?) was the biggest & by far the busiest. You *must* drape a cooling eucalyptus-scented towel on your face while sitting in the hotter baths. Another trio that rocked my world were the sauna, the cedar steamroom, & the arctic room (where snowflakes actually fall.) Men & women's spas are separate, so it's clothing-optional. Throw down $45 & you get flip flops, a robe, a locker & all-day access to the facilities which includes showers, a tea room (where I cuddled up with gossip magazines), toiletries (toothpaste, hair dryers, etc) & snacks (pretzels, fruit, water, juices.) For a price that good, I could *learn* to relax.
5	One of the BEST spa experiences I have had! Qua Baths and Spa offered up extraordinary service from the moment I walked into the door. I had a massage here on my last day in Vegas and have to say that too was fantastic! The therapist knew exactly what I wanted and seemed to work out all of my tension that I had built up from all of the Vegas excitement.The different Roman Baths were also a nice touch and added to the experience. It was nice to warm up before the massage and being able to cleanse in this super cold room that has snowflakes falling down. The eucalyptus wet towels also feel great when you are in the medium or super hot pool. Oh! And they even have a tea sommelier when you want to have a fancy pants tea paired to your treatments!The gym was also a nice touch to have when staying at Caesars - it was kinda pricey to use the gym for the couple days I was there though ($25 a day or $50 for a three-day pass, which is what I used). The equipment was very clean and the gym offered complementary bottled water and fresh fruit.
5	No complaints. We arrived at 6am and it was nice and quiet. It starts to get crowded around 9. This is truly a 5 star experience. I normally go to Canyon Ranch Spa at the Palazzo but this Spa was much better. I guess if you are going with a male partner that one may be better because that one has a large communal area and this one does not. HOWEVER, if it is just ladies, this is it. They have all the usuals plus an arctic room that snows moisturizer and the famous roman baths. 45$ Entrance fee is WELL WORTH it. I will definitely return. Lovely staff, great amenities, and snacks to keep you full throughout your stay.
5	Came here for our little bachelorette holiday weekend. We wanted a relaxing and tame weekend so we opted for a spa day.Located in Ceasars Palace - they are open at 8am. We were pleasantly surprised that for a holiday weekend, it was not packed. Entrance fee is $45 which includes all-facility use - pools, spas, saunas, locker, robe, slippers, a cool towel, and snacks/drinks. You can spend the whole day here if you wish!!!The staff was very informative when the tour was given. After changing into our bikinis we opted to chill in the main pool room. There are 3 pools - a hot jacuzzi, a larger warm jacuzzi and a cold pool. Also available are heated lounge seats around the pool, but seating is very limited. I was able to snag one and fell asleep for about an hour. As you walk down the halls, there is another larger pool passed the tea/relaxation room as well as various sauna rooms.There are 3 sauna rooms available: cedar sauna, arctic room and an herbal steam room. They're all different, so try them all to find your niche. The sauna was the most regular, the arctic room was just too cold for me, and the herbal room was too hot and the aroma was just strong!For a few hours, this is where you get some much needed R&R. Loved my experience and will definitely come back!!!NOTE: I guess some peeps think this is a nudist colony since there is no policy that you cannot go nude. By all means, if you're that comfy with your bod - flaunt it and you go. However, if you got a lot of junk in your trunk, I strongly suggest you cover up... No one wants to see ALL that!!!
5	Been there, done that pretty much everywhere on the Strip. Love it or leave it, this is as good as it gets.Pluses - outstanding baths, clean locker rooms, attentive staff.Minuses - huge. If you like to go commando, this is the place. People are less inhibited than at other spas.
5	Qua, Qua, Qua...how I adore you! I have been to many of the Vegas spas and other spas around the world and Qua is tops. The attendants, services and amenities are amazing. I thought it odd that people wear bathing suits. I like to let go in every way! Lol.Aaron gave me a deep tissue surrender. Very professional and an amazing massage. It was deep and relaxing. I've been getting massages forever. I'm Asian. I know a good massage!Water, tea, fruit, coffee and snacks galore for free. The arctic ice room is amazing to close up the pores. Enjoy the snow!The fitness room is incredible. Only 3 people were in there. I loved it. Beautiful windows overlooking hotels on the strip as well as amazing equipment.I recommend this place highly and am going back for my birthday! Yay!
5	Hands down the best spa I have ever been to and that includes many overseas. Start with a shower that comes at you from all angles. The rainfall shower head and three body spouts make me wish I had one at home. All products are provided for showering and grooming. Some like razors, toothpaste, and toothbrushes need to be asked for. It is a beautiful facility that has four different kinds of pools; one chlorinated and three mineral water based ones which all vary in temperature. My favorite were the cold pool and the insanely hot one. I am not sure if the claims about alternating between the two extremes are good for increasing blood flow and circulation, but it is exhilarating. The long chairs placed around the pools are great for a nap and the rainfall circle is nice to rinse off in and creates relaxing white noise.The steam room is where I spent most of my time. I had a raspy cough and congestion before coming and that was cleared up afterwards. The cedar wood room was barely used by anyone. I didn't care for it when they had an herbal and regular steam room. The arctic cold room was refreshing after opening your pores and sweating out the toxins. If you want to take a break from all the relaxation, there are refreshments in the tea room to enjoy. Fancy teas, juices, infused water, ice tea, coffee, fresh fruit, and pretzels are provided for guests while sports play on the TV. Since it is at Caesar's, the staff are attentive to the point that I felt bad for them. It was the best service I have experienced in a while.
5	I rarely give 5 stars, but I had to give it to this spa.  Nothing will ever be perfect, but for spa enthusiasts like myself, I think this spa meets all of my expectations: a friendly staff, amazing amenities, and reasonable pricing.  Keep in mind, I did not get a massage, but bought an all day facilities pass (was able to go twice in one day and spent about 6 hours here).  The spa is huge.  There are Roman baths (3 in the room) with water overflowing using just mineral water.  Very relaxing and peaceful.  There are the typical sauna, herbal steam room, and something new for me: inhalation room and arctic room.  The arctic room was interesting with "snow flakes" coming down, but I think an exhilarating cold plunge or shower works better for the hot/cold combo.  There are towels galore, everywhere you turn and any time you walk past a staff member, they ask if you are ok even if you just told them 5 minutes prior.  There is a tea lounge room with pretzels, fruits, juices, coffee, and tea.  You can sit there and relax and watch TV or read.  In the Roman room, there are enough lounge chairs to sleep and no one will really bother you.  Next time, I'd like to use the gym since it is included in the day pass, but I just like being one with the waters.
5	In Vegas, I'm the type of guy that gets back to my room shortly after the sun comes up. I'll get a few hours sleep, get some food, and rejuvenate at Qua to get ready for round #2. In fact, rejuvenate is probably the best way to describe this place. You'll walk out feeling like a million bucks. A visit to Qua has become a must for every Vegas trip. It's worth every penny of the $45 admission, and quite a good value when you consider your $45 will keep you occupied for several hours or more. I really enjoy the steam room, the super hot spa, and I LOVE the heated stone chairs surrounding the baths. I've also had a massage here, and although it was a few years ago, I do remember the woman having the softest hands on Earth. I complimented her on this, and hopefully it didn't come across as creepy as it seems now. Anyway, when I hit the Mega Millions, I'm going to build a replica of Qua in my mansion.
4	This was a great place to relax after a late night out the night before. I got the classic massage and included the cleansing oils. You can also enjoy a day enjoying other spa amenities. I used the sauna and their fantastic showers. If you have a chance to go, but sure to enjoy as many of the services they provide as possible... you paid for it! The facility was clean, service friendly and there was a lot of other perks. Enjoy!
3	Nice atmosphere, but not very friendly or helpful staff.  For the price of the services, I would think staff would be more willing to assist you with whatever you needed and be extra friendly.  However, the lady that performed the service I purchased was very good.  Roman tubs were great - you gotta try all 3 temperatures even if the water seems crazy cold!  The cold really feels good once you're in and out.
5	The Qua Spa served as the perfect oasis for my girlfriends and I to recooperate from the previous night, relax, and chat.Roman BathsThe Roman baths room was constructed of pure white marble illuminated by dimmed, tungsten lighting and rows of giant curved lounge beds. It had three separate Roman baths at varying temperatures that were bubbly and and surrounded by waterfalls that were loud enough to drown out private conversation but quiet enough to create a soothing soundtrack for our peaceful afternoon of "social spa-ing". There was an assortment of fresh fruit platters, water flavored with slices of fruit, tea, and magical little peppermint soaked wash cloths chilled for an extra refreshing effect when you put it on your face while you soak. There were also lounge chairs that were available in case anyone wanted to take a nap or just rest up from the previous night's festivities.Roman Rituals RoomsThree rooms designed for three different environments: an herbal steam room, a cedar wood sauna, and an arctic ice room. The steam room was similar to any other steam room with one great difference: the steam was infused with herbal goodness. My skin felt detoxified, cleansed, refreshed, and sosmooth after. The cedar wood room too was like any other sauna but not devastatingly hot and had a great woody scent. My favorite was the arctic room which was unlike anything I've ever seen before. It was a cold room that snowed little "snowflakes" of moisturizer. There were heated seats to keep you warm, but after a session in the sauna we actually did not need them.Also worth mentioning is the tea program where sommeliers prepared fresh cups of blended house tea at any given time. Loved it!Clothing is optional, and I would recommend any spa experience sans clothing since skin dries faster than material, but fear not modest Betty's! They provide luxe bathrobes that may be placed in a warming closet. We took advantage of the personal showers and fully stocked vanities with provisions such as hair blow dryers, straighteners, curling irons, toothbrushes and toothpaste, lotions, shampoos and the like. They close at 8pm, which is perfect timing for dinner and then a night out.We had an amazing time and will be back.
4	LOVED this spa!!!!My mom and I got the $45 day pass to the baths and the fitness center, which I think is a great deal. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They were very informative and gave us a tour of the place. They were also really good about constantly cleaning the place, which was nice because I can't stand spas that are dirty!The Roman Baths were amazing! The large bath had a nice warm temperature and there were two other baths, one hot and one cold. The heating chairs were nice, but I didn't really feel it heat up all that much. I ended up moving to one of the other chairs, as they were more comfortable. I actually fell asleep in those chairs! There was another huge heated bath in the back which was nice. I went straight from the hot bath to the arctic room, which surprisingly felt awesome because it cleared my head. My mom tried the fitness room, but didn't stay in there long. She said the machines were very out of date.The reason this place didn't get 5 stars is the price of the services. Each service was way overpriced (but that's to be expected at Caesar's Palace). And it is a shame it was so overpriced because a massage sounded so good after getting out of those baths.
3	Very very nice posh spa to go and relax and release all anxieties. The only problem is when you go up to sign in at the very beginning. I had a lady telling us that we're late and that minutes will immediately be deducted from each of our $160-180 massages, which is understandable, she had a bad attitude about it. The lady also whispered into my ear to tell my mother to get herself "in check." Never have i felt so unwelcome and a way to loose my excitement for going to a spa day for my first time. She was really mean to her guests and i will not be coming here again because of her. Everyone inside the spa were really nice and helpful. That woman had to ruin it for me unfortunately. Love this spa but not the hotel spa costumer service.
2	I am writing the review to share my experience. I give the SPA experience a 8 out of 10 BUT I ONLY give the massage a 6 out of 10. I was SOO DISAPPOINTED with the staff member who was quite rude over the phone when I called to share that I was in the lobby but still 30 minutes before my appointment. I shared my feelings with the manager who was absolutely amazing; thanks for the great service recovery. The massage therapist was 5 minutes late and did not apologize. I asked 1 of the attendents for the time and she said to me, "look on the wall, there is the clock..." I was taken back by the rudeness and she corrected herself after I told her that I would not ask if I saw a clock....the therapist rushed through the massage, did not gracioulsy place my hands the table but instead let them flop down, she did not place the towel on my back but "dropped it" which was alarming. I did not leave her my usual twenty % tip but gave 10% instead becuase the massage was somwhat average but combined with her NOT being attentive to details and making the environment calm, relaxing, welcoming...instead she was breathing hard, rushing, making me feel uncomfortable and actually started cleaning the room after less than 1 min when I placed on my robe and was still in the room. I HAVE NEVER EVER had a therapist clean the room while I was still standing in the room to get myself together; big NO NO for all therapists. If you are rushing but I was on time then its not my fault. She could have acknowledged. I then shared with her why I gave her a lesser tip and all she could say was that, "she had an off day...and all her clients compliment her for the flow..." This was a bit defensive and I did not appreciate it. Again, the experience and amenities were awesome but it was not worth paying $215 for a massage that was really 60 mintues and 15 was talking...Not fair. The manager was so sweet and kind so I really enjoyed the rest of my afternoon. She was customer service friendly and knew how to recover the client. I would return maybe to try a facial and just to pay for the day spa not a massage.
5	best spa on the strip hands down!!!!!!!!! when you first walk towards the entrance, you feel so at ease. The atmosphere is so relaxing!!! You are greeted at the front desk then they ask you for your sandal size. she then leads you to your lockers and you are free to roam after that! Unlimited juices, bananas, apples, pretzels and teas! They even have a robe warmer while your in the Jacuzzi. I WILL FOR SURE COME BACK HERE! LOVE IT.
5	I will never again visit Vegas without planning some spa time, during the trip.  For just $45, you can get a day pass to Qua Spa and enjoy the Roman Baths, Specialty Rooms, showers, lounge (with made to order hot tea) and lockers (which include comfy robe and sandals).I opted for a Classic Massage, which also included a day pass, score!  I started by slipping into my white, fluffy robe and slippers and relaxing in the lounge with some water and a magazine.  My Masseuse found me there at my appointment time and led me to my massage room.  The massage was awesome....just the right amount of pressure and aromatherapy.  50 minutes flew by! After getting nice and relaxed, it was awesome to know I wasn't done, since I was now off to enjoy my day pass....I started with the Roman Baths.  There are three, that vary in temperature. All three have jets, but one is HOT (so relaxing though), one is bath water warm and the third is COLD.  I spent most of my Roman Bath time in the hot one.  I tried the cold tub, but only made it in up to my knees before I decided to abort.  Next up, the specialty rooms.  I began in the Cedar (dry) Sauna.  It always takes me a few minutes to adjust to the hot dryness, but after I do, it is so relaxing.  I spent about 15 minutes here, then moved onto the room I was most excited to try out, the Arctic Snow Room.  By name, it sound horribly frigid and not inviting, but it wasn't nearly as cold as being out in real snow.  Equipped with a domed ceiling, where twinkle lights hang, a motion sensor triggers the "snow", which can barely be seen in the dimly lit room, but is felt and heard.  Yes, heard.  The most amazing thing was sitting alone, listening to the snow hit the cold tile floor and marble seats.  This is what true relaxation feels like.  The last of the three specialty rooms was the Herbal Steam Room.  This was my first experience in a steam room, and I didn't want to ever come out!  Upon first walking in, I couldn't see more than a few inches in front of me. It was similar to being in a very dense fog.  After it parted a bit, I was able to find a seat and relax.  Between the wet steam and high temperature, I was dripped when I exited, but I felt amazing.  Add the Eucalyptus scent radiating throughout and it was a feeling of rejuvenation.  I finished up my morning at the spa with a quick dip in the (non-jetted) hot tub located near these specialty rooms, with a Eucalyptus infused cold, wet washcloth on my face.  Ahhhhh, is the only word I can think of to describe it.Before changing out of my robe, I enjoyed a quick shower.  Shampoo, Conditioner and Body wash can be found in each shower, and you will find (spray) deodorant, powder, lotion, hair spray and hair dryers at each vanity.  This spa is not coed, so is clothing optional.  I highly recommend for a relaxing day (or hour +) by yourself or with a group of friends.
5	Visited here twice and got the Mojave Rain massage by same Artisan...i must say he is the best so far...makes me want to go into massaging school and learn..very neat techniques he uses on my back...will continue on getting this service done cause my body needs it most! =)
3	Typically, QUA has been very good in service and everything else they offer.However, during my last visit (the week of CES).  With the CES going on, the spa was completely empty, you had the choice of massage time in 30 minute increment for the whole day.  I couldn't believe how slow it was.For the apast 5 to 6 years on my visit to Caesars, I've always received a back-to-back classical massage.  For whatever the reason, they seems to have discontinued this service starting 2012.  Considering, how empty the spa was, they might make an exception.  Most business will make an exception on a slow days.   They rather keep it busy than leaving it empty.  So, I had requested to speak to a manger.  However, this rude, cocky man name Toby responded saying "I AM THE SUPERVISOR AND I SAID NO TO YOUR REQUEST.  I AM THE SUPERVISOR AND WHAT I SAY GOES"  basically yelling at me telling me how important he was and he has the final say.  I requested that I still wanted to speak to a manger.  He yelled back at me stating "SHE'S BUSY.  SHE DOESN'T HAVE THE TIME TO SPEAK WITH YOU.  I HAVE THE FULL AUTHORITY AND ANSWER IS NO"I never did get to speak with a manager to provide a feedback to this rude SOB they have for a supervisor.  I also did not get a massage at QUA during the trip.  Instead, I receved an awsome massage at Canyon Ranch Spa at The Venetian.  They were perfect to the last detail.  I still like QUA since I actually like Caesars Palace.  However, QUA Spa needs to look elsewhere to hire a better person to man the front desk at the QUA.  With the like like Toby claming to everybody that he is the supervisor  and telling everybody that he rather like to keep the place empty than providing a service...  well good luck to them.  This little bald headed toad  must have kissed all his boss's behind to still be a supervisor.
5	Great experience.  I wonder what their water bill is?  Damn...
5	Second time here!!!  Great spa. Roman baths, steam room, sauna and artic room. Very relaxing.  My advice is to do a bit of research on the technicians and to ask for the best one, not the one available.  I had a heavy breather masseuse.  For the novice, I could see how this would be annoying.  Beyond the relaxing areas, they offer water, tea and fruit for after your services.  Showers and amenities are available for everyone and they are very friendly!
2	The facilitiy is great. They have it all! but the staff - well, they could use a litte sensitively training. I am full figured but not obese. . On arrival I was offered a jumbo robe by the locker attendant who took the one from my locker out of my hand and handed me the larger robe saying, "Here, this one is for you...." Yep, just like that. . Sure, I know a larger robe would be more comfortable. I know what size I wear but I would prefer to either be asked what size I want or ask for a larger one if the "one size fits all" that they put in your locker does not fit. And what's up with that? Why not ask you what size robe you want when they ask you what size shoe you want. I can promise I was far from the only one that could have benefited from a roomy garment.  BTW..I can and do wear a "one size fits all". My friend who was so embarassed for me decided to tell the manager. She was very apologetic and offered me a "pass" for another day. Nice gesture but I told her I was leaving the next day. "No matter" she says. It will be here when you come back. On check-out I learned it was only good for 29 days and when I only get there twice a year that only made me feel as if she was trying to quiet me. The better gesture - a free service that day! Will I go back? Probably, memories are short and I do like the facility. This time I will just say, "No thanks, the one in my locker is just fine.".
4	If I had to sum up this place in one word, it would be... beautiful. It's almost breathtaking. It's enchanting. Magical. Way better than sex and shopping and a dozen cupcakes combined. Really. The first time I went, it was with an ex boyfriend, and here comes the first tip... men and women have separate spa areas. We didn't really find out too much about the spa before we went, and I'm not going to lie... it was a little disappointing. They have one room that's co ed, and you could meet up with your significant other/friend/family member of the opposite sex there, but you definitely WILL be thinking about the rest of the beautiful spa just down the hall every minute you're away.Then, I started thinking about it... "Man. Every time I pass by the men's restroom and I could peer in or the smell wafts out, I just think to myself HOW GLAD I AM that I don't have to use that." So in hindsight, the separation was a good idea. I really learned to appreciate it when I went again with my Mom the next time, and again with my girlfriends. No awkward stares and no creeps. A small price to pay for a slight chance of potential eye candy. Ooh! Also, bathing suits are optional, and many women go nude, so if you're not comfortable with that, well... you're SOL.I always get a massage, and I'm not going to lie... it's OKAY. Not the best I've ever had, but it was good. For $140 per 50 minute treatment, the price may be a little steep, but you get to use the facilities for an unlimited amount of time for free. WELL worth it. There's a dry sauna, steam room, arctic ice room (with little "foam bubbles" that float down from the ceiling), a lounge area with free juice, coffee, tea, fruits, and chocolate, and several spa pools at different temperatures. If you want to just use the facilities, it's $45 for a day pass.From the lighting to the decor, everything is beautiful. I highly recommend Qua for a day of pampering and relaxation like no other. Be warned. Sex and shopping and cupcakes will become seconds in your life. :)
5	The $45 Qua day pass is probably one of the best Vegas deals I have ever found.  I had a spare day in Vegas before attending a conference and the weather was a bit cool for using the pool outdoors, but Qua made for a perfect afternoon of relaxation.  Qua has a beautiful, tranquil room with 3 Roman baths offering varying temperatures and jet intensities.  Waterfalls surrounding the baths add to the ambiance.  After soaking in the baths, it was addicting to relax on the lounge chairs surrounidng the room which subtly message and almost put me to sleep.  in addition to the Roman baths, there is a large whirlpool in a separate room which offer yet another choice for temperature and intensity.   After trying out all of the tubs, I went to check out the rooms.  The herbal steam room  with its cycles of steam intensity followed immediately by spending a few minutes in the arctic room leaves one feeling unbelievably refreshed.   The spa is very beautiful and clean and also has a tea room where customers can relax in their robes and have unlimited tea, lemon water, juices, fresh fruits, and other snacks.  The staff is very attentive and come through the rooms at least every few minutes to discard left behind towels or trash.  When your time enjoying the baths and rooms is over, even getting ready to leave is a great experience.   The private showers have several nozzles positioned to hit every angle of your body, not just one shower head from above.  Hair dryers and several toiletries are provided and included in the fee.  There is even a machine that will dry your bathing suit within a few seconds.  I will definately try to make time for a return trip to Qua on a future trip to Vegas. My only regret is not splurging for a massage or facial while I was there!
5	I WISHHHHHHHHHHHHH i could've spent all day here!!Can I tell you, we JUST made our flight to Las Vegas with literally 3 minutes to spare.  In the back of my mind I just kept thinking, PLEASE DO NOT MISS THE PLANE B/C WE HAVE SPA APPOINTMENTS AS SOON AS WE LAND.Needless to say, i was OVERjoyed when we got on the plane.  Upon arrival to Caesars, we checked in, didn't even wait for the bellhop and went straight down to the spa.I could not believe how BEAUTIFUL, calm, luxurious, clean, and big this spa was.  The girl who greeted me at the desk gave me a quick tour of the facility and was so very accommodating.  I thought since I was like 20-30 minutes early, I would just sit in the waiting lounge for my massage therapist.  I got restless, and checked out the steam sauna and arctic room.  The steam sauna was the average, but REALLY steamy.  The arctic room was like tiny snowflakes falling onto your skin.  The machines where the snow develops looked a little messy since the foam was accumulating, but other than the eye sore factor, this room was MAGICAL.I slipped out just in time, because after i grabbed a bag of pretzels and started sipping on the fruit flavored water, Jen, my massage therapist came to get me.I got the MYSTIC JOURNEY.  I believe it's a 90 minute body wrap, a facial and a scalp massage.  At first I thought I wanted to  be the quiet person, and just lay there and not say a word, but Jen was such a sweetheart and I really enjoyed speaking with her.  She recommended a few things to do in vegas, and gave me insight on the things I did have lined up already.  Overall, it was such a great experience.  So before she wrapped me, she gave me a body massage and used this bamboo stick...that was SO different and the pressure was just right.  The body wrap made you feel like you were tucked into your favorite bed with your favorite blankie, and the facial was just amazing.  So So relaxing and when she started to massage my scalp, it was OVER for me.  I left the room feeling like I was floating on air!!After the massage, I took advantage of the roman baths.  I know I was in a rush b/c we had dinner reservations but I couldn't resist!!!!  The girl at the front desk gave me a disposable bikini but i ended up taking the top off since it was a clothes optional facility.  The 3 different temperatures of the baths were totally invigorating and then I jumped in the shower.  Now, I work in plumbing and heating so I always take note of the showers when I visit any type of spa or restaurant.  They had kohler which is the most popular brand we sell in our own store.  The shower had 3 body sprays and a rain shower with a thermostatic trim.  (which means, you set the temperature, and then you use the diverter to direct where the water comes out)  Needless to say, I was pretty impressed they had this system in all 10-12 showers.The area where you get ready was fully stocked with toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, towels, sterile hair brushes, blow dryers, and flat irons.I've got to say, I will always visit the spa when I come to Vegas even if I don't opt for a service. ($300 for the mystic journey was worth EVERY PENNY but i'm not rich here!!)
4	Hi, my name is Keith, I'm 24 years old, and I've never had a massage.Thankfully, that statement is no longer true thanks to a trip to the Qua Spa. Almost everything about my experience here was wonderful. The Highlights:- The Roman Baths are spectacular. A large warm bath, a hot whirlpool and a cold dunk tub all surrounded by warmed stone lounge chairs. A shower in the center of the room is useful (it feel incredible after a dip in the cold tub) as well as exhilerating (especially if you're a bit of a voyeur - clothing is optional and everyone I saw opted out).- The herbal steam room is relaxing. I smelled like spices the rest of the day.- The arctic room is incredibly refreshing when you get too hot in the sauna or steam room.- The abundance of towels, water bottles, fruits, coffee and tea.- Large, comfortable robes and towels that actually cover everything.- The extremely friendly front desk staff.- The massage of course. 50 minutes flew by. The Lowlights:- The "snow" effect in the arctic room was broken. Instead of "snowing," the suds built up in the tube on the ceiling until they oozed out like a big foamy poop. It kind of ruined the effect.- It might be nice to have their employees offer drinks or food poolside. It's a hassle to have to get out of the baths, dry off, wrap up and schlep all the way to the Tea Room for a drink other than water.- The flip-flops are incredibly uncomfortable.- The toiletries supplied in the bathroom are severely lacking. No gel. Spray deodorant. I didn't even really bother with it.Overall though, my lowlights are merely minor inconveniences. There is nothing about Qua that would deter me from returning as soon as possible. I had a wonderful day and am glad that my first massage was such a splendid experience.
4	Perfect way to end our weekend trip to Vegas was purchasing a day pass to Qua Baths & Spas.Very relaxing atmosphere with multiple jacuzzis, roman bath, sauna, steam room, plush robes, snacks, and a nice relaxing area to read magazines and drink tea. I love how spacious it is.There's also a co-ed herbal dry sauna if you want to meet up with your sig-o.Our only regret is that we went in the evening  so was only able to stay for 1.5 hours but the day pass is good all day.Must do if you are staying at Caesars and like spas!Tips:*Location is away from the casino, near the hotel registration, past Michael Richard's Central restaurant*Go on a sunday when Vegas is less crowded*Use SpaFinder gift certifcates to get extra 10-15% off*Spa Pass is good for all day from 6a-8p
5	spent two days here. the amenities were great and clean. the staff was extra helpful and courteous. they have 3 roman baths, a warm, hot, and cold one. in the same area they have 6-7 infrared heat beds and a few loungers to relax in. there is a sauna, herbal steam room, a regular steam room, and arctic chill room. the showers were a good size and had several shower heads per stall. the tea room was nice, had refreshments, fruit, and snacks. its a nice retreat to relax at if you are done with the spa/bath portion. overall, we had a great experience. it wasn't too busy, so it didn't feel crammed in the steam rooms or pools. we worked out at the gym before hand and that was also nice. had good equipment and was also clean. not too many people either. will recommended my friends to make a stop here next time they are in vegas. its a nice way to relax in the morning/day.
5	This is the most relaxing spa I have ever been to.  The facilities and amenities offered are spectacular.  The herbal steam room was my favorite but they offer a variety of roman baths, a whirlpool, and an arctic ice room.  Aaron, my masseuse was great and delivered the best Swedish massage I have ever had.  He asked me about my injuries (painful shin splits and upper back problems) and took great care when working those areas.  His knowledge of the human body is great as I felt no pain when he massaged those areas but after wards, my normally painful shins and tight upper back felt great (as did the rest of my body).  He has been with the spa for over 12 years and I highly recommend him.  I will definitely be returning on my next visit and requesting him!
5	I was very impressed with this spa. For only $40, you get all-day access to the spa (not counting any massage services, of course).There are Roman-style baths with warm, hot, and cold whirlpools, and a waterfall shower that drops down from the ceiling. The water is mineralized or something, so even though your skin smells like semen afterwards, you'll know some good materials are nourishing your dermis. Additionally, there is a dry cedarwood sauna, two herbal-infused wet steamrooms, and an arctic chill room. There are free iced towels and water outside of the steam rooms so you can quickly refresh yourself. Speaking of free things, there is coffee, tea, juices, and light snacks in the tea room, where you can relax on couches and perhaps watch some TV.The spa is gender-separated, so unfortunately I wasn't able to enjoy the day with le girlfriend. However, since sexes are separate, you get to walk around NEKKED. It was very exhilarating and freeing walking around in the nude and strutting my man meat to passerby. If only they had scented oils so we could oil ourselves up and truly be in Roman times.The bathrooms are nice, and have free shaving kits and the awesome Qua line of lotions and shampoos. The showers were less than stellar when I went, however; some of the drains were clogged, and some showerheads were not functional.I also got a massage. It was really good, but ridiculously expensive, and I wouldn't recommend it unless it's a gift or unless you shit out Benjamins.
5	Qua Spa is as good as it gets on the strip.  Period. A top flight facility.The Roman Rituals experience is wonderful and amazing. Relaxation at its finest. Best to go with friend/friends to keep each other company.Couple things you should know. A.) Costco sells $100 SPA FINDER gift certificates for $80 that QUA accepts.  Thus, you 're getting services @ 20% off.Also, go to their website via Caesars.  They have specials.  The 50 min swedish massage was $110 month of may instead of $170.  The Roman Rituals alone are $45(worth every penny).  I got the massage for $110, which included roman rituals.  With the 100 gift cert costing me 80$ at  Costo, the whole experience cost me $80 + $10+20$ To Masseuse= $110 for 3 hours of pleasure and relaxation plus massage.  Not to mention fruit, coffee, hot n cold beverages, and pretzels.
5	One of my favorite Spa ever! I'm loving all the roman relaxation experience. Different water/jaccuzzi theraphy!!! Friendly staff & pricing!!
4	This was my second trip to Qua spas! Very relaxing place and very luxurious. I have been to better spas but this one is very nice. They have delicious hot tea to sip on while you are relaxing. The massage was very good...ask for Brian. Great deals on their website!
1	Note: COSTCO HAS A $100 SPA finder gift certificate for $79!  YOU CAN ALSO USE THE SPA FINDER GIFT CERTIFICATE FOR TIP! I came here on Thursday around 2:30 PM and did the all day pass for $40 as well as some $110 50 minute massage. Luckily this place wasn't crowded that day.  Either I'm constantly spoiled by nice spas and massage or I'm just plain crazy, but I don't understand why this place is highly rated!I came here with higher expectations from the ravishing reviews... but Qua Spa looks and sounds much better than what it actually is. When you arrive you must check in at the front counter. The counter looks like a cash counter for the haircut salon. The staff will not greet you, so you'd have to approach them and look for them.  After checking in, you hand your receipt to the people at the men's/women's counter. They ask for your shoe size and they give you a S-XL sandal, a robe, and then they lead you to a locker. The men at the counter did NOT explain anything!!  We noticed that most of the older people were in robes, while the younger ones just have a towel around their waist and the rare exhibitionist were obviously... naked.There are not many things to do here... so here's a break down of each room so you know what horrible stuff to expect.GENERAL ROOMS (Main Area) Locker Room: Small changing area. Electric locks, easy to access and use. "Tea" Room: One community Flat screen TV (which was on the sports channel) with approximately 10 fatty chairs. They have iced teas, fruits, flavored lemon water. This is where you wait and do absolutely nothing.  People like to leave their banana peels, phones chargers, and orange peels here and no one picks it up... but then again... if you're paying so much for a SPA, you'd expect staff to clean up after you or something.   The Hot Tub: This tub was larger than the generic hot tub size. Nothing else was special about it. So when you're going to the SPA rooms, you'll pass by this. Bathrooms: It's really dirty. People leave their disposable shavers and crap on the counter. I know i don't want to pick it up and throw their shavers away... and apparently the staff doesn't want to touch that either. You can also shower here. There are 6 nozzles that shoot at you in all directions! That's one of the few perks here. Massage/Area: You wait in the tea room and wait for them to call your name. Then they let into this room with a handful of people (both male and female). You can relax on this curvy well designed roman-themed circular sitting area  (which was the BEST thing here because it was so comfortable) and  wait for the masseuse calls you. They give you a light relaxing 50 minute noninvasive massage. SPA ROOMS - There are 4 different types of rooms. All of rooms seem to be under 100 sqft.  Again, I'm sure each room is beneficial, but since there was no explanation about the rooms, I had to make my own assumptions. The normal spa room: It's basically a sauna, without the the heat. You're just smelling the wood (interpret it whichever way you'd like). The steam room: It's a bit hot. Just steam all around. There's a  mirror and a sink indentation on the side AND A SHOWERHEAD IN THE FRONT CENTER of the room. (I guess it's for the exhibitionist?) I literally saw shaving cream all over the floor.  The floor is extremely damp because the water did not seem to drain well. The herb room: Which was open for 10 minutes then closed down for 2+ hours. Like the steam room but had some herb scent to it. The "Artic" ice room: Sounds and looks interesting, but extremely disappointing. It feels like a dark romantic room that is set at ROOM TEMPERATURE. What makes this the Artic room is that theres a button you can push that dispenses ice to this community contaminated tray hand bowl. Nothing snowed. Additional Pools ROOMS: After showering and getting dressed, you will see this awkward room with a pool on the way out. Since the amazing staff didn't tell us about the SPA, we almost missed this room. The room was dimly lit with blue and purple lights.  This room had a pool (which is a bit larger than the average house pool), and 2-3 tubs in the center. There were a FEW comftably curvy-looking design lounge chairs circling the pool. This room wasn't significantly bigger than the general spa room, but a majority of people were here lying on those benches sleeping or waiting around doing nothing.  The pool/tubs were empty cause it's kind of awkward swimming naked when everyone else is waiting on the side waiting for you to go in. We saw two friends explore this room for 15 seconds max and then left. Not. Surprised.Overall Attitude: The designs of the facility, the ample fruit, the 6 nozzle shower head. Everything else is a no-go. Many of the things were not operating
5	I don't wanna get off to a boring start on this review for this top of the line facility, buuuut....NOTE: If you want to make sure that all of their facilities are up and running for the day, just call their number: 866-782-0655. Sometimes during off season they'll be doing maintenance on the steam room/whirlpools, etc. Just a precaution because each part of this spa really matters! I cannot fully express my love for this spa's facilities. Take note...FACILITIES. My 5-star rating (which I'm typically stingy with) is for this area only, as I have had two massages here and they were two stars at best. Skip the massage unless you like to have excessive amounts of oil rubbed on your skin with nearly no pressure (and I'm pretty sensitive to pressure, so there definitely wasn't much to it). Now, let's get down to business. Located on the second floor of the Augustus tower, just approach the desk and ask for a day pass. While steep on the price list ($45), it is worth every single minute that I worked to make that money. This grants you access from early in the morning (6 or 7) until they close (maybe 7 or 8? I haven't been there that late). As soon as you walk towards the actual spa, the hallway has a tranquil and serene mood about it and is immediately calming. Enter your respective spa, you go give the attendant your information, and you're granted some comfy sandals and a user-friendly, electronic-locking locker. Inside is your plush robe. TIP: Do not be afraid to ask for a tour! It can be easy to miss the "Roman Baths" at the front of the spa. The attendant will explain all of the areas to you and it does make for a much better experience if you haven't been before. Tea/Relaxation room: Selection of half a dozen teas or so, but the fridges built in under the counter have bottled water and  a selection of different juices. There is assorted fruit and bags of pretzels to choose from for snacks. This room has a TV  and primarily serves as a lounge. Steam Room: Perfect temperature and I appreciate the inclusion of eucalyptus oil for the sinuses! Two levels for seating. Just make sure the door closes all the way, sometimes it seems like it can get stuck while closing and then the steam escapes from the room.Arctic Ice Room: Great concept, but could have had better execution. This is a great place right after the steam/sauna as it is a slight shock to the body and skin. The "snow" falling from clearly isn't snow (more like foam bits), but applause for at least some effort. I don't recommend eating the ice if it's been in the dish as this isn't the most sanitary option. Just press the button and put your cup underneath the ice-chute. Wet sauna: Mostly a place to get that close shave. I don't really ever go in here. Sauna: Nothing out of the ordinary. Traditional jacuzzi: This is a larger than average whirlpool and is the only chlorinated option in the place. Spot-on temperature and two chairs to relax on before/after."Roman Rituals:" This is a large room right inside where you walk into your respective gender's door. This is the largest single area within the spa, with three different pools of water. There is a TV in here as well and I enjoy catching up with ESPN while soaking. Instead of chlorine, each pool utilizes different minerals, yada yada yada. In the middle, the "tepidarium" is filled with mid-90 degree water and feels lukewarm. Relaxing, and there are sunken in "beds" on one end which are neat to sink into. To the left, the "caldarium" is more jacuzzi-like and has the hottest water of the three. Low-100 range, but the end of it is against a wall with water flowing down into it that is cooler. My favorite of the three.To the right, the "frigidarium" is the whirlpool I do not enter into...WAY too cold for some reason (UHH, probably because it feels like you take a mini trip to Antarctica when your skin touches the water!)Situated along the walls are around 6, contouring, stone in-lay chairs that are incredibly comfortable. I've accidentally fallen asleep on these and taken an hour nap or so. Whoops. There are also some other chaise lounge chairs on the other side.The vanity area is well-equipped and generally clean, and the showers have several nozzles-- although, I can only ever seem to get half of them working at once. All in all, Qua does almost everything right (and then some) when it comes to their top-notch spa. While I won't return for a massage or any other service, their facilities keep me as a repeat customer.
5	I wanted to spend ALL day in there.  This place is beautiful!!!  They provide everything for you from combs, to toothbrushes, tea, juice, magazines and curlers.....and that's just the beginning.  This place is definitely not stingy and the staff is so accommodating.I immediately fell in love with the ROMAN BATHS :D  i could switch between the ergo stone chairs and roman baths...for DAAAAYYYYSSSSS.I couldn't pick between the herbal sauna, cedar wood sauna and arctic room because each one had something that i liked.  I'M A FAN and if i could put hearts into this review - i would :)
3	4 stars for the facility, and 2 stars for my deep tissue, which averages to 3. I came here with my girlfriend for spa on a late afternoon. The place is pretty okay in size with one giant jacuzzi area, another multiple hot and cold Roman-style jacuzzi area, a mist room, a sauna, a steam room and a well-lit waiting room. I really like the Roman-style jacuzzi area where there are some stone bed for you to lie down, listen to the water and relax. I also had a deep tissue massage there. I was a bit disappointed because it felt like a swedish massage even though I asked for it to be harder. Also, my masseus would not stop talking half the time. She asked me why I was in Vegas and then she went on she is okay being single at her age. And then her philosophy of if she meets someone then it's good, if not, then it's okay too, she's happy etc etc. All in all, the massage wasn't that relaxing. The price is pretty decent especially for a spa at one of the top hotels in Las Vegas. I would still go back but probably asked for someone else.
5	What is this place full of so many wonders?What is this magic that I am now under?Sauna, jacuzzi, and hot tea with some honey,So much better than gambling your money....Next time I come to Vegas I'm probably just going to get a day pass for here. I loved the baths and saunas. Dry sauna could've been a bit hotter. Cold towels were MINTY, Y'ALL! MINTY! I loved that.I also loved how fastidious the spa employees were about replenishing all the amenities. Almost as soon as you remove a minty towel from the perfect pyramid of minty towels, they'd be replaced so that the pyramid remained perfect. Pretty cute.The services I had were pretty good. The vichy I had scheduled was not available (equipment problem? weird), and they were so super cool about it - they actually comped a different service of my choice for me, so I wasn't really in a mood to be terribly critical about how well it was performed. I had a facial that was quite good - the technician looked at my skin and said that she recommended a different one over the one I had originally reserved, as well as a peel. I was happy to make the switch and upgrade. The peel was gentle, too, and the technician was fun to talk to, a kinda wacky, Mother Earthy type. She also gave me samples of some of the things she used, because there's no way I would've remembered what any of them were, otherwise.I think I arrived at the spa at 10 am and left at like 4 or 5 pm, and I could've stayed longer, seriously. I loved that place. Just soaking in the warm tub or laying on the warm stone chaises was so relaxing.Conclusion: Possibly one of my favorite spas ever. I mean, you know if you were really pissed off and someone were to tell you to "go to your happy place"? For me... Qua Baths & Spa might actually be that place.
5	Well worth the $45 Day Pass fee.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing services.  I will go back everytime I am in vegas.
5	Qua Spa has to be the most luxurious and visually impressive spa I've ever been to. It's architecturally very cool and very clean.I've never had a massage there, but visited the spa twice. The area with the steam rooms includes one with steam so thick, you can barely see in front of you (which I thought was rad), while another room has foam-like rain sprinkling down on you. It's mimics snowfall--like a scene from a movie, haha.Then, there's this grand space with 3-4 tubs, built high on a cemented pyramid, as the water overflows over each level, with colored lights highlighting the mini waterfalls. The first time I walked in to this area (which is huge, by the way), I literally had to stop and take it all in. It's pretty awe-inspiring. Well worth the $40 entry fee.There's also lots of iced team, fruit-infused water, and apples to snack on.
2	It's not justifiable, to me, to spend $40 to access this place.Like some other reviewers, I also was not given a tour or description of the place at all by the various staff members. That included the two ladies in the front, who look like they're actually cashiers for the adjacent store, and the 2 guys at the second, inner desk that you come upon after walking down the path with access to a hair salon.Inside, there is a locker room, a regular hot tub, and 4 small sauna/steam closets.- One of these was a small wood room filled with hot moisture (not in the form of steam, though), where the moisture condenses at the ceiling and drips back down on your head. When I tried this room, the floor was also flooding over with an inch or two of tepid water (gross), and consequently the room was closed off shortly afterwards. This room was also very noisy, due to the bulky(broken?) machine at the corner.- Another room was your typical steam room, as found in a standard gym. Lots of puffy steam.- There was also another, standard (dry) wood sauna room. Again, the same as you find in a regular gym (e.g. 24 Hour Fitness), but perhaps smaller.-There was also a dimly lit blue room that I believe is called the "arctic" room, from seeing other reviews now. There's nothing arctic about it, except for a bowl of ice cubes in there. The room itself was about lowish room temperature (in the high 60s). How much time are you really planning to enjoy sitting around in a dimly lit blue coolish-temperature room? I suppose you can sit in here and meditate.Now, after I was finished with Qua, upon exiting I passed another room that I had no idea about. Oddly, it is totally separated from the rest of the spa, so you have to walk out PAST the inner front desk and down the hall toward the store outside.- This is actually a large, nice looking room with some smallish swimming pools in it and some lounge chairs. One of them had some water falling into it from the ceiling, kind of like one of those rainforest showerheads.I had no idea about this last swimming pool room, and since I had already changed back into my clothes, I had no intention to go back to the locker to change out of my clothes just to take a dip in the pool. The pools are small, definitely not large enough to swim in. The guys in the pool were just sitting around in there... resting, chatting, or just looking around at each other.When I spend time in a pool, I think it's either to swim/exercise or lounge/soak in the sun with friends and a drink in hand. Sitting around in an enclosed, dimly lit indoor pool room with random old naked men is not appealing to me.I realize the point of a spa is to relax in a peaceful environment, but I cannot justify spending $40 for 3-4 dubious steam/sauna/cooldown rooms, a hot tub, and some small indoor pools. Why not go hiking or something, and gather yourself in the forest or at the top of a mountain? What this place offers is a bit of sanctuary from the busyness of the Las Vegas strip, but... come on, why did you stay on the Strip in the first place?
2	I am from out of town and wanted to go to the best of the best in terms of spas while I was there for a conference.  Usually we just go to the Bathhouse at The Hotel but I wanted something special and I was willing to pay the money.  I choose Qua because a magazine quoted it as being the best spa in Las Vegas.  I went over all the treatments to make sure I really got the best experience and decided to go with the Fountain of Youth.  The facility itself was very nice.  It was really big with lots of different ways to spend your time there.  I believe that if you just wanted to hang out at the facility, $40 would be money well spent.  They offer tea service and Gold's pretzels, as well as fruit and lots of water.My treatment, however, was the most unpleasurable experience I have ever had.  Keep in mind that this is supposed to be the best spa that I will ever go to.  I have been to those rinky-dink massage parlors in which I have gotten a much better massage.From the moment I was greeted by my masseuse, Trudy, I could just tell that she was not having a good day but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt.  She wasn't friendly at all and she seemed really annoyed.The massage started off ok and she started to ask me some questions that would determine which oil she was going to use.  It seemed like she was being forced to ask me these questions and wasn't really friendly in the way she explained why the answers determined which oil she would use.She starts rubbing my legs and it was ok but when she got to my back she kept sighing.  The way you sigh when you are either bored or really annoyed with your job.  It just felt like she was giving me really bad vibes and instead of my massage being relaxing, I was stressed out that she obviously wasn't enjoying her job at all.Part of the massage was to pour hot oil on your third eye (or your chakra) and without even explaining when she was going to pour the oil or why this was going to help my intuition or even preparing me to open my intuition, she just started pouring the oil.  Because I wasn't prepared for the oil, it was really uncomfortable and itchy.  Not relaxing or pleasurable.  She completely rushed through my scalp massage and then said, "That's it.  I'll wait for you while you get dressed."Instead of wanting the massage to last forever because it felt so good, I couldn't wait for it to be over.  My money was not well spent and it left me upset for the rest of the day that I had just wasted $170 that I could have used for a really good massage at The Hotel or Mandalay.I would not recommend getting a massage at this facility.  There are hundreds of other spas, that weren't ranked as high, that will give you a far superior massage experience for about half of what you would pay there.  You can try The Hotel, in which the price is really reasonable or The Cosmopolitan in which you get an amazing spa experience.  If your masseuse's name is Trudy, request another masseuse.
5	No complaints...ok well maybe one, it has nothing to do with the Spa it was me. I needed more time.
4	I love how when you walk into the spa, there's a calming waterfall. It's like you're escaping the world. I went to the day spa area, so I lounged around in the hot tubs and saunas. It is a clothing optional area so there are some women who are naked. For those who find nudity offensive, I wouldn't recommend this spa.Overall, it was really relaxing and I didn't realize I was in Las Vegas, near the casino or anywhere crazy. I left the spa wishing I could go back.
5	came here with my husband for a couples massage.  it was very i dreamed of and more ;)  the customer service was amazing!i called to make a reservation and was routed to the concierge (they make the reservations).  i wasn't really sure which massage I wanted and the concierge was very helpful in explaining them to me.  i didn't feel rushed on the phone at all.  he really took his time making sure i was comfortable with my decision.  was emailed the reservation.when we got to qua, we had to check in and make final payments.  then my husband and i split up to the mens/womens spas.  i walked in and was given a tour about all the amenitities.  they have the roman baths that have a room temperature, hot tub, and cold tub(whatever that one is called).  really serene and relaxing!  they have a herbal steam room, cedar plank sauna, and artic ice room.  the artic room is by far my favorite.  it even has snow coming down when you walk in!  the showers are fully equipped with shampoo, conditioner, body wash.  i asked for a razor and shaving cream, which they had. after my shower i had to dry my swimsuit...no problem, they have a dryer!they have hair dyers, straighteners, curling irons, lotion...everything except make-up so you can definitely get ready after your spa day!the tea room has magazines and a tv screen, as well as tea, water, coffee, fruit, and other snacks.  now for the massage...we had the couples hot stone massage.  it was the best thing we did in vegas!  our therapists were excellent!  so good that my husband passed out and was snoring. haha.  overall had an amazing time.  customer service from therapist to janitorial staff was awesome.  everyone there wants to make sure that you have a great experience.  will definitely come back and totally recommend if you are looking for some calm in vegas!
5	This is my new favorite part of Vegas. Screw clubs or whatever it's known for. I just want to stay here all day and lounge around the room in a Toga. Highlights-Heated marble lounge seats, I enjoy taking naps on these-98 degree pool, heated pool, and cold pool. No chlorine, which is nice for people with sensitive skin like me-Herbal steam room, sauna, and arctic room. The "snow" is bubbles. Stay away from it. Otherwise these rooms are awesome. -TV lounge (TV usually isn't on) with pretzels, coffee, tea, fruit, etc. What you could expect from an airline or hotel lounge. -Robe/towel saunas. Keep them warm too! -Multiple rainfall showerheads. 4 showerheads bombarding you in the shower and you control the direction and pressure. -Every styling tool imaginable. 1" curling iron, 2' curling iron, flat iron, toothbrushes, toothpaste, etc. Ask for things that aren't set out. Come out looking fresh and ready to go. Well worth it! Very, very relaxing.
5	Not the spa you would "frequent" but for a Vegas getaway, it can't be beat!  Great facilities (think Burke Williams) and the service I received (Shiatzu) was top notch.Prices are high - but what do you expect for Vegas?
4	What's the best thing to do after a night out in Vegas?  A spa day, of course, and Qua is just the place to do it.  Tara at Qua gave me hands down the best massage I've ever had.  She did an awesome job with my Classic Massage, relieving all the kinks in my neck and back from stress while also making my legs and feet feel like new again.  I swear she knew all the rights spots to make a girl feel good again after being in high heel pumps the previous night!I especially loved their warm water Roman bath.  The mineral water was not drying to the skin at all and the water temp was perfect.  I could have sat in there all day!  The same goes for their herbal steam room.  Lay in their with one of their scented cold towels over your face and it'll immediately clear your sinuses of all the Vegas second hand smoke.Now, if I just left it at that, I probably would have given 5 stars but I had to deduct one star for their bathroom amenities.  In comparison to other spas, like Burke Williams, I found Qua to be lacking in that area.- They don't have face moisturizer so make sure to bring your own- The hair styling tools they have are low quality.  The straight irons were no better than the ones you get at the mall and some of the hair dryers didn't work.- The brushes / combs were DISGUSTING!  They're placed in this cabinet that supposedly sanitizes the brushes / combs but I was turned off from using any of them because they had bunches of other peoples' hair in them- If you go on a particularly busy day or time, you may have to wait to use the vanity mirrors to fix your hair and make up.  Considering the size of the spa, I thought they would have more than just 6 stationsI will certainly go back to Qua for a Classic Massage , but keeping mind the bathroom amenities I will definitely come prepared with my own things.
5	Update: I went back again in August 2012 and the towels, alas, were not minty as I stated in the previous review.I wonder if I was lucky on the first day I went, or unlucky the second time? Or if it's something they used to do, but had to change it for some reason... I forgot to ask.In any case, it didn't tarnish my enjoyment much. I brought my mom here this time as well and she loved it.If I could change one thing about Qua (besides bringing back minty towels, obvs), it would be more powerful hair dryers. Some of us have a lot of hair, and extra time spent drying is time I could be out there playing video roulette, heh.
4	Spa services are $$$$ here, but what do you expect?  You're at Caesars, and you're in Vegas!  My cheap ass got the $45 for a day pass which includes access to the gym facility.. and everything else below:- 3 roman baths, one cold, medium (the biggest bath pool), and hot. The hottest one that's 106 degrees is in another area in back of the spa.  - They're NOT co-ed simply because clothing is optional.- Heated chairs are available in the roman bath area, and they are AWESOME!  I fell a sleep on one of them for at least 30 minutes.- Arctic ice room:  The idea of this is cool, and the room is cold!  I sat here for a couple minutes after enjoying all the 'hot' spa options, but it sounds fancier than it feels.  The fake 'snowflakes' from the ceiling weren't working so I was just cold.- Cedar sauna room:  Just like any other gym sauna (dry).- Herbal mist room:  Super misty and herbal!You also have lockers and full amenities to help you go about your day (showers, hair dryers, combs, hairspray, etc).  .. the hot/cold thing can be boring after a while - but the facility is nice, but you can only experience it for so long, and I'm glad I experienced it once.  I definitely left feeling relaxed!  So relaxed all I wanted to do was sleep after.  $45 is a good deal for what you get, especially since it's an all day pass - I'm a 'fan' I guess you could say (hence the 4 stars) - but I but I'd rather do other stuff in Vegas than sleep ;)
5	A solid 4.5 stars (I always round up). If I have any disposal income I either spend it going to LV to spa or traveling. Qua is one of my favorite spas in LV. This review is a combination of my experience at Qua 6-7 times. The cost:- $45 for a day pass which includes a day use pass to the spa and the fitness center or $25 for a pass just to the fitness center. Why Qua gets 5 stars:- The roman baths are fantastic. I love to go between hot, cold and warm until I am knocked out. The robe sauna and heated stone chairs and lovely. The lightening is dim enough to nap (I cannot stress the importance of appropriate spa lightening) and there is running water into two of the pools the length of the wall. Running water is always appreciated. - The design of the spa is gorgeous. I especially like the walkway and the separation of different areas which gives it a sense of intimacy even when there are a ton of people there. - They offer treatment specials on their website and they also take Spa Finder Gift certificates.- The male spa manager I encountered was professional and wonderful.- Coffee, Juices, Tea, Fruit, Pretzel snacks.-  Best gym on the strip by far. The equipment is top notch,  new, well-kept and the gym has more windows than any other gym on the strip. - The warm hypnotist with the intense mustache is often working the front desk. AND now for the downsides:- I have had some really so-so or just downright BS massages here. Out of 5 massages, 4 were below mediocre.  One time it was so bad (I paid $220+ for a Thai massage and the therapist told me that Qua doesn't provide the clothes--which wasn't true-- and ended up giving me the worst Swedish massage I've ever had) that I spoke with the spa manager, a lovely younger guy, who gave me my money back. - The spa attendants do not do enough (or anything when I've been there) to keep loud people in check. (a pet peeve of mine)- The dressing area is right up against the relaxation room; neither are enclosed. The whole relaxation thing is killed by the noise of hair dryers and ladies chatting about their upcoming LV night out. Overall, I highly recommend Qua.
4	Wow!!!The roman baths are great. They have hot, cold and warm pools. They even have waterfall walls that provide such a relaxing background noise, it feels like you are at a tranquil forest. They have these rock heated curved chairs that you could lay on (I feel asleep but it's a secret) and it's has perfect contours which relaxes you with the heat and the waterfall noise. I love the fact that they have ice room and sauna room. They offer drinks and fresh fruits if you get parched or hungry during you visit.I Love their private shower stalls, I mean it's shower so it needs to be private but it's like mini room. They also provide disposable tooth brush and razor if you did not bring your own.
2	I came back to qua because I fell in love with it the last time I was here. The two star isn't for the facility, cuz I still love what the facility has to offer. The two star is for the service I received. The therapist I was assigned to was really nice, don't get me wrong. But here's my rant:My appointment was for 10am. I wasn't brought in at 10, cuz some other lady was brought in before me and it was 10 when she went in. I was brought back to the therapy rooms maybe 3-5 minutes later. Once we got there my therapist talked to me for few minutes and explained what "when in Rome" was all about. During the service it felt rushed. And I wasn't able to get to my relaxed state. When the service was over I looked at the clock and it was 11:15. The service was for 75 minute. But it obviously wasn't 75 minutes worth of service. It's more like 75 minutes from the time of your appointment to the time you leave the room. So really the actual "service" was maybe around 50-55 minutes. I should of just stuck with my classic massage like last time. "when I'm Rome" is usually a $200+ service but I got the summer promotion price, maybe that's why it felt like it wasn't up to par.
4	What's better to do after a night out and going to brunch. Be whales at the spa. They didnt take reservations if we didn't want a spa treatment. It was pretty quiet when we went, which was nice. I wished they had a unisex version for when we feel like taking significant others or friends. Lounge area with tea and snacks. They had good tea forte tea, juices, and fruit. None of the saunas were super hot, just a nice hot. There was a dry sauna, a steam room, and then the cold room with "snow," more like bubble foam, coming from the ceiling. There was a big whirlpool, and then there were other baths. I liked the heated stone lounge chairs by the baths. Shower area was complete with blowdryers, brushes, flat irons, and curlers. Not the best equipment neither a complete set of salon products, but better than nothing.
4	This is actually a 4.5 star situation.  Had to round down because one of my therapists failed to explain what all he was using and doing all during my body scrub + facial--even though he really did an amazing job.  Also, the "Arctic Ice Room" is a bit gimmicky and disappointing--it's described as having snow and heated floors/benches, but the 'snow' (which looks like ice shavings in the pictures) is really produced by a noisy bubble machine on a certain setting.  And the benches/floors really don't feel warm at all, but it is great to spend some time in there after the suana/steam room/jacuzzi.I've been to other spas with 'hydrotherapy' experiences (Canyon Ranch in Miami and the Mandarin Oriental in DC, which I assume are similar to their Vegas counterparts), and Qua is great (it better be, for the price).  You definitely want to get there at least an hour early to experience everything they have to offer and use all the different temperatures.Some of the services are really rare and unique.  My LomiLomi massage (which I haven't seen elsewhere, though I suppose they have it in Hawaii and a few places on the west coast) was truly amazing.  The guy (Bradley?  Brian?  Something like that) made it obvious that he really cared about his work.  It's one of the best massages I've ever had.  There's also some odd services offered, like color therapy--these sound like complete nonsense to me, but if you're into that stuff, I'm sure they'd do it to your satisfaction.Definitely check out this place if you love to spa and you've got the cash!
1	I went here twice before and had a great experience but this time the person doing my facial (Trinity) came to get me 20 minutes late.  she did apologize and told me she was giving me a better facial.  I do not know what exactly she gave me.  She did use a clarisonic brush on me which I didn't think was special, I own one at home.  However, she only gave me a 30 minute facial when I paid for a 60 minute one.  I told the woman at the front desk and she said a manager wasn't around and to leave my name and number. No one even bothered to call me back.  I am very upset about my experience with this spa.
5	Saw Tristen again for the coffeeberry yoga facial. Absolutely loved it! Like I told her, I won't be going back to Burke Williams for facials anymore, it just doesn't compare. It's pricey, so so worth it. Side note: I got there a coples hour early, so decided to get a massage as well. Got the classic massage from another therapist and didn't really care for it. I've definitely had better massages in LA, including at BW.So I'll be back in January, but only for my facial.
5	5 stars all the way!!  I spent the most relaxing thanksgiving here!  I did the all day pass and arrived around 8am.  The ladies there were so nice and I took a quick tour of the place.  Although I had read a lot of reviews on the place I wasn't understanding how it was all layed out.  I know others have mentioned but I thought I would say it again there are really  4 distinct areas at the spa:Roman Baths- 3 hot tub (but more gentle) ranging in temperatureWhir-pool- more traditional hot tub(HUGE)Saunas- Arctic room, herbal steam, and traditionalTea Room- Chairs, snacks, and drinksI tried all areas SEVERAL times and spent about 5 1/2 hours there total, I did leave about half way through to grab some lunch.  By far my favorite area was the roman baths.  The room was so relaxing with plenty of seating.  My favorite part was the heated stone beds.  After being in the water for awhile it was great to just lay out on the beds.  There was also a robe sauna for your robe while you are in the roman baths.  Made it nice to dry off and be comfy.  The whirpool area was your traditional hot tub, only it was huge.  There are just a couple chairs here.Saunas- The traditional sauna was pretty normal, a lot of seating room though.  The herbal sauna was definitely interesting.  You open the door and steam comes rushing out.  It is almost impossible to see your way in!  At first it took my breath away and it was hard to stay in there for more than a minute.  But after I got used to it, it was great!  There is also a shower in there, but its kinda hard to see.  Right after the steam room I headed straight for the arctic room which was really beautiful inside.  It was chilly, but it felt great!Tea Room-  take advantage of all the amazing teas they have to offer!  They are really tasty.  They also had ice tea, coffee, and all kinds of juices and water for you.  They had some basic snacks as well.  When I first arrived I felt like I literally had the place to myself.  Barley anyone else was there.  I left around 11:30 and I was starting to see more people but still not that many.  When I returned around 1 it was more busy, but still plenty of room in the baths, saunas, and plenty of chairs around.  I never felt crowded.  The showers they offered were fully stocked and they had lotions, hair brushes, hair dryers, hair straighteners, etc to help you get ready for the rest of your day!Overall this was a highlight to my trip to Vegas and a great way to relax.  I cannot wait to visit again SOON!
5	This spa experience is always better than any other one I've had.  From the moment you check in they take care of you.  Love the juices and snacks. The roman baths are amazing and love the different temps. the steam and sauna rooms are wonderful. Tons of towels and everyone is friendly. I chose the Special  - Hot Buttered Rum body treatment under the Vichy shower. Let me tell you how incredible it is to be bathed by someone while essentially laying down in the shower. Fantastic!
5	Qua has gotten better and better for me over my past few visits.  One main reason, I found an amazing therapist named Gina L.   She is AH-MAZING.  She has a great massage technique that leaves you feeling like jello.  She is warm, caring, and really loves what she does.  I usually get a massage + scrub (Hourglass or the Winter Wonderland was the most recent) and she has a way of really maximizing your time and is worth every penny.  The expansive facility remains the same, they still have the wonderful Roman baths, heated stone loungers, jetted spa, rain showers, ice room, herbal steam, and sauna.  They no longer offer the spa water (oranges + H2o) or the minty towels. They also have really cut back on what stock in the vanities too.  No more razors, toothbrush/toothpaste, face wash etc. so bring your own.If you are going to spend the $ to go to Qua, I recommend going at LEAST an hour early prior to your service to really wind down, relax, and enjoy the facilities.
4	I took my girlfriend here for her bachelorette getaway in Vegas.  At first, it took us a good 30 minutes to find Qua.  We have approached 4 different staff working at Cesars Place and they were giving us wrong directions. The 5th staff actually had to walk us to the place because it was a little tricky finding Qua .  The place is kind of hidden and located in the sister hotel.  When we entered Qua, the staff were very friendly and showed us around the facility.  The staff greeted us with refreshments, clean robes, slippers and towels. My favorite was the herbal steam room and the roman pool.  The $45 entry fee was well worth it and it's good for all day.  I absolutely love this place and would return in a heart beat.  Definitely great for a bachelorette party cause it's for women only. The men have their own section.  If this place was easier to find, I would definitely give it a higher rating.
5	This is just a perfect place to start or end your vacation. It's just so relaxing that its refreshing you up. With all the different types of bath and rooms, you will find one that's right for you.. Showers are amazing they have the water heads that spray from all directions.  All u need is your clothes and makeup here. They provide u with everything you need including a swim suit if u don't want to go nude. I always make sure I fit this into my vacation plan each time I come to Vegas!!
5	This place is heaven.I was traveling with the BF and we were in Vegas for a convention he had to attend. I was getting a little bored with walking around/tagging along to his business events, and lucky me, he offered to drop me off at the spa for the afternoon!I was able to get an appointment within a half hour, so I immediately went in and was greeted by a very friendly receptionist who gave me a quick tour of the facilities. She was even kind enough to reset my locker for me when I flubbed up closing it before setting the code. I had a 50min Classic Massage. I'll be honest, my "artisan" was a bit chatty and I've had better massages at lower end salons, but what really makes this place awesome is not the treatments - its the spa itself. My artisan walked me out to the chlorinated jacuzzi and told me which rooms were her favorite.I, of course, tried all of them. My favorites were the Herbal Steam room - (intimidating at first because you can hardly see when you walk in - but so worth it) and the Roman Baths. Try the hot stone lounge chairs after your bath - you'll be glad you did!I spent about two hours making my rounds of the different rooms, and it was amazing that I was able to shower and fix my hair/makeup afterward before meeting up with BF and his colleagues again. Final Tip - while you are waiting for your treatment in the Tea Lounge, read the log book. Some of the guests entries are very moving and it's a great way to start your experience.Overall - cant recommend highly enough.
3	The baths and saunas here are fantastic, but we paid nearly $200 each for a 50 minute massage that was downright mediocre. The hot stone massage uses no pressure whatsoever. They just drag hot stones over your back. If you want an actual Swedish massage to go with it, it's an upsell. I've had better massages at Massage Envy and not felt as ripped off. Buy the pass for the spa and skip the overpriced massages. Had my wife and I gone that route this might be a 4 or 5 star review.
5	I spent a fabulous day here.  We had a party of ten ladies celebrating a friend's bday, and decided to do our spa day here.  The staff was wonderful and we had a great day from about 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., complete with ordering room service lunch to a little alcove off the fitness center (since they didn't have space in the spa itself).  My herbal body wrap was HEAVEN, especially after a late LATE night out the night before.  The Aryuvedic oil that were used smelled amazing, and my skin was positively glowing when I was done!  From there it was the Roman baths, three different temp pools, surrounded by very cool stone heated lounge chairs, to the herbal steam room, to the dry saunea, and an occasional stop into the Arctic Room to cool down for a few before heading back into the large and spacious jacuzzi.There were fresh towels everywhere, and bottles of water at every corner, so you never had to go far to hydrate and get new towels.  They also had a nice refreshment station stocked with fresh fruit, tea hot and iced, juices, water, & pretzels.  So, even if you didn't order in lunch, you could still have a snack to hold you over til you were done for the day.  At the end of the day, the shower room was fully stocked with shampoo, conditioner (not the highest quality...) and towels, even a bath mat!  And they also have flat irons, blowdryers, hairbrushes, hair products, really everything you would need to get ready afterwards, as long as you're not stuck on your special brand of hair stuff.  It was nice, since we were sharing a bathroom at the hotel, so to have a chance to blowdry my hair was fantastic.Oh, and they take SpaFinder gift cards!!!  This was perfect, since I had cashed in some credit card points for $200 worth of SpaFinder gift cards, it made the day more than affordable!
5	In LOVE!!! Great place to escape the Las Vegas fast-paced atmosphere. Even if you don't get a massage their baths are the best to restore your body !!!! Great experience
4	The wife "dragged" me to the spa with her when we went to Vegas recently. I expected the men's side to be quiet and dead on a Sunday afternoon, but they were really packed.It sounds like the men's side is just as good as the women's: there's a roman jacuzzi/bath with 3 different pools of varying temperatures and heated stone loungers that are a great place to nap.There were several different sauna in here: a dry, a steam, and an "inhalation" room which really opened up my sinuses. There's also an arctic room which didn't feel very arctic and apparently normally has snow coming out of it. The men's didn't, which was my only down side.The massage itself was kinda "meh". We got a couple's massage and most of it was good, but I always say that in Vegas you're paying more for the experience than a true quality massage that can work the kinks out.I can definitely see being dragged here again!
5	Wow, this place is amazing!!! An all day pass for $45 gives you access to the beautiful spa & fitness facilities, free snacks/fruit and water/juice/tea/coffee. This is the perfect place to unwind from the craziness of Vegas. My group of 5 girlfriends arrived around 10am on a Friday and found the place to be practically empty. Even as the day progressed it never felt too crowded. The Roman Baths was my favorite room; 3 pools with different temperatures from cold, lukewarm, and hot. Not to mention, you'll find stone loungers here that are slightly heated... yep, 3 of us definitely fell asleep on them! Unfortunately, the Arctic Room snow wasn't really working when I went in =(  Bath towels and chilled washcloths are located abundantly throughout the spa. You'll even find a closet with warmed robes! The attendants kept the spa immaculate and were constantly picking up. Worried about leaving the spa a little less than done up? No need! Shower facilities, hair dryers & brushes, and some toiletries are provided. Also, there's a swim suit dryer! Qua has really thought of it all for the ultimate spa experience.
5	The classic Nordic spa experience is: hot, cold, rest. At QUA, the whirlpool was my favourite hot experience -- very strong jets. I also liked the "tepidarium" (warm pool in the Roman baths). I have low blood pressure and often can't stay in hot pools very long, so the warm pool was a big help. Of the two cold options, the "frigidarium" (cold pool with waterfall in the Roman baths) was more effective than the Arctic room (chilled air plus ice cubes to rub on your face and body).For resting, the heated stone chairs were, as others have remarked, amazing. You wouldn't think they'd be more comfortable than the padded lounge chairs, but give them a try. It was also nice to eat pretzels and fresh fruit while sipping on delicious homemade herbal iced tea.At the start of my visit I had a classic massage and it was luxurious (hot towels & oil) but not actually therapeutic. That would be my only critique, because the rest of the experience was completely wonderful. Admission to the rest of the spa was included in the cost of the massage.The staff were friendly and helpful, from the pre-visit tour to check-out. Everything was very clean and tidy. Fresh towels were available at all stops and bathrobe and sandals were provided. I was there on a Thursday afternoon and it was not at all crowded. Even with few people around it was quite noisy -- a combination of tiled rooms and whirlpool jets. My usual spa is outdoors with a silence policy, so this was quite a contrast.The visit ended with the fanciest shower I have ever experienced and access to a full range of beauty projects. After straightening my hair, I floated out feeling 10 years younger and very relaxed.
5	Ambiance: A bit of a walk to get to the actual spa in Ceasar's. Once you get in to the spa, it was really nice and relaxing. Modern, lots of stone tiling, glass; light, neutral colored furniture. Lockers to put away our things. Simple snack and drink bar available at all times which was nice. Abundance of towels and robes. Powder room for the ladies that provides you with some basic and not so basic beauty things to get ready after taking a shower, like straightening irons, blow dryers, hair spray, q-tips. Showers had shower heads from multiple directions which was nice-- added to the continued spa experience.Staff and experience: loved that we could come in an out all day long and leave our things in the locker so we didn't have to carry it around all the time. All staff were very friendly and attentive, asked if you needed something or wanted something to drink. My massage and vischi shower were both pretty good-- I wouldn't say amazing, but they were definitely good. I think the whole experience together equated to amazing. I felt great afterwards. Massage + vischi shower + unlimited cold/hot sauna + different temperature pools with heated lounge chairs + whirpool pool + snack bar + all day access = amazing. Felt like a new person after my time at the spa. Totally worth the price.Return factor: I would definitely return.
5	I have never been to a day spa before so I am not sure that I am qualified to give a true spa review but based on MY experience, I would give QUA spa 5 stars.I thought the spa to be very clean, and the employees very nice.  The hot tubs and heated stone chairs were very relaxing.I had the Sand and Foam treatment which was awesome!  Cassandra did a great job. The only thing that could have been done better was that I got cold while she was putting the salt/sugar scrub on me.....That part was not enjoyable because I was on the borderline of shivering.  I wish I would have spoke up and asked her to be put a heated towel on at least half of my body while she was doing the scrub.The coconut scalp treatment and massage was nice.The entire experience was great.  I would reccomend getting there a few hours before your service so you can really relax and enjoy the spa before you get your treatment.  I would have liked to have more time and should have planned better. After having lotion and the treatment on I didnt feel like getting back into jacuzzi.I loved the steam room. Felt very nice.Love the ice tea too - dont know what it was but it was unique and tasted like chocolate? as weird as that sounds.All told, I would definitely go back.  45 for a day pass if you dont want a treatment.Dont forget to tip your staff.  They work hard.
5	I've been to many spas over my lifetime. I thought Burke Williams was the best spa ever as far as the experience goes, but Qua takes the cake! My friend and I, the jetsetters we are hahaha, decided to fly out to Vegas on Saturday morning. First order of business when we land, eat at a buffet. Second order of business, go to the spa! After gorging ourselves at Wicked Spoon and taking a 30 minute nap thereafter, we went to the spa. Behind frosted double glass doors was amazingness and that was just the waterfall at the entrance. The hostess that shows you your locker will take you on a tour of the facilities. When we took the tour, I couldn't even wrap my head around all the amenities this place had. There were hot, herbal, and cold saunas; hot, tepid, cold jacuzzis; a waterfall shower in the middle of the jacuzzis; showers galore; fruits; and teas... oh my!!We went in at 1pm and we had 4 hours to soak in all this relaxation until we called in for our appointment. We spent most of our time in the tepid/body temp jacuzzi. It was the perfect temperature and the jets were so soothing. It's a great place to sit and relax and talk with friends. If you're chilling at the lounge right before your appointment, you can ask one of the nice ladies that work there for a cup of tea. I wish I had remembered the name of the tea I had because it was delicious! My masseuse had some magical fingers. I got the scrub and a massage for 60 minutes. She made a special formula of scrub that she rubbed all over my body and she also made this formula of goodness for my hair. After she wiped the scrub off me, she gave me a lotion rub down (oh yeah!). It smelled so glorious. She also gave me a little sample to take home! I didn't want it to end. But the bell tolled and all I could do was scream in my head, "nooooooo!!! Don't stop!" and I immediately thought, "I gotta do this again". So I got dressed, my masseuse met me outside the door with a bottle of water and I headed straight to the showers. The showers were clean and had what you needed already inside (shampoo, conditioner, soap, and a variety of towels). This shower has 3 shower heads -- 2 in front and 1 in back. I could just stand there all day. After I was done with the shower, I was ready to fix my hair. They had clean brushes, a dryer, straighteners, and curlers. With that magic potion my masseuse put in my hair, my hair came out shiny and soft. I will definitely go here again when I go to Vegas, but if anyone knows a place out in LA just like this one, send me a message and let me know! BTW, this place has a ton of other amenities. All you have to do is ask and you shall receive.Money-saving tip: this place accepts Spa Finder gift cards. Go to Costco and buy yourself some. I saved $40 on my scrub and massage!
5	Finally was able to visit Caesars famous spa on a recent trip to Vegas. And It did not disappoint. Being the consummate connoisseur and a spa owner, I'm somewhat of an expert.  It's pretty much creame de la creame when it comes to a five star destination spa. They have it all, and then some. Check out the other reviews for discription of amenities.  I especially liked the arctic room that had snow falling from the ceiling.  If you want a spa service expect to pay top dollar. You're paying for all the swank after all.  But for $45 you can visit and use the amenities all day, which is not a bad deal.  This one is a real gem and I will definately be back for some pampering.
5	I feel a little weird giving a day spa 5 stars without getting a service done but whatever. I loved my spa day so much that I was relaxed enough to fall asleep at 8pm the night of and slept through the night.Living in a city like Las Vegas, you have to be implicitly okay with a fair amount of waste. Wasted food, wasted gasoline, wasted money, getting wasted. Here, the theme of the waste is towels and water. No shortage of either one of these. I dgaf. I loved it. For the sweat-lover in me (just watch, in a couple years I'll be going on a The Secret-style meditation in Sedona and go in a sweat lodge retreat and James Arthur Ray will be there, saying that I can't leave the sweat lodge because The Secret won't be revealed to me) there's a super-hot herbal steam room. I've never been to the jungle, but I imagine this is what it looks (can't see your hand through the steam) and smells like (kinda like Bikram Yoga with a eucalyptus twist). Contrary to what you might be thinking, I loved this sweaty room. The ice room is gimmicky but cool. The snow doesn't work that well, but it works enough for the kid in you to get real excited about snow. Cedar saunas always smell like a closet to me so I didn't stay long in there. The winner here is the Roman baths though. They are magical. I pretended I was a Patrician awaiting some servantwench to come fan me and feed me grapes before I modeled for my marble statue. Just call me Mollimus. Throughout all this wondrous experience, I do have a complaint. The heated(!) chairs in the Roman baths have regular-schmegular rope lights underneath them, and they pop out. It makes it look like a Midwestern prom set up by the PTA. Come on, can't you make sure those are taped up there real nice? I'll definitely be checking it out again and maybe with a service or using the workout facilities!
5	I think I have discovered my go-to spa in Vegas. Now, I'm just sad I didn't discover it while I was living there! I keep thinking of how many more times I could have visited the place. I stopped by here with several hours to kill before my flight home. I only got the day pass, as I had splurged most of my spa budget away a few days before at the Mandarin Oriental. I was in love with this place as soon as I walked in the door!Pros:1. The water facilities here are amazing! I think this is what makes this spa so awesome. There are 4 pools total. In the main area, you will find one hot, one cold, and one warm-ish pool. There's a rain-style waterfall that cascades into the hot and cold pools. This makes an incredibly relaxing sound that you can hear through the whole room. The warm-ish pool has jets and lighting that changes color. Further back in the spa, you will find a large, round classic jacuzzi.2. The vibe of this spa is amazing. The whole thing feels like some sort of hidden cave oasis. The colors are neutral throughout with tan sandstone on the walls and purple lighting. It is incredibly relaxing.3. This spa is huge, and the layout is really wonderful, as other reviewers have mentioned. It can accommodate a lot of people, yet areas are sectioned off so it feels a little more private.4. There's an abundance of juices, teas, coffees, and waters. They also have pretzels, apples, and oranges. Possibly some granola, as well?5. All of the spa attendants here were very friendly6. The showers are neat, because you can adjust it to have water come out of the sides of the walls. There's water at every angle!Cons:1.It gets crowded. It wasn't terrible, but I was there in the afternoon on a Tuesday. I would hate to see this place on a weekend.2. The Arctic Room was a little over-hyped. The "snow" flurries weren't super noticeable, but I suppose this chilly room is a nice break between the sauna and steam room. Other info:1. They have a sauna and steam room as well. These are nothing remarkable, but they serve their purposes well.2. This place is clothing optional, as are many spas on the strip. However, this was the first spa where I actually saw people take advantage of that policy. I think half the people using the facilities were naked. So just be prepared for that if nudity is something that makes you cringe!Overall, I feel like everything just flows so well at this spa. The environment is so relaxing! I have been to quite a few spas, and this was my favorite. I can't wait until I can go back!
5	Beautiful! My girl friend and I booked a 4 hour block and it was SO worth the money. I have gotten many massages but this one was by far the best I have ever had. The atmosphere is great, the orange water is amazing! Only wish we would have gone earlier than our appointments to enjoy the rest of the spa prior to our appointments. The showers and make up area are great as well!We will for sure be going back!
4	So far the best I have been to in Vegas. Also, the highest priced that I know of. I used a locals discount or was there a special? I can't remember, but I would never pay full price. The massage was just like any other that I got at Massage Envy. Nothing special. The best part was the Roman Baths. I can stay in those all day. My biggest issue with spas on the strip are the large groups of bachelorette party girls that come and laugh and giggle and ruin my spa experience. What I love about Qua is even if people are chatting, the sound of the waterfall and large baths make it so that you don't need to sit next to someone and hear their drunken stories while you are trying to relax! I also enjoyed the herbal steam room, delightful!The Arctic ice room was not my thing, but I did go inside, played in the snow and ran around and screamed it was so freezing. Supposedly they have a tea sommelier but I did not see him or her. Well kept spa and it would be worth it for the day pass. Nice showers too! I just wish you could use a lap pool nearby while there. The pool is far from the spa and  it is not included from what they told me.
5	OMG! This place is amazing!!  I had the best spa experience ever at Qua.  I spent the day here celebrating my birthday weekend with my friend, and I felt like I landed in a lap of luxury.  The roman baths were heavenly and the sauna and steam rooms were fabulous. The artic room was interesting as well.  My massage was great and my therapist, Misty, was very professional and super sweet.  I spent about 7 hours at the spa.  Yep, it was that great!!  You don't need to have a treatment scheduled to enjoy the day there.  I love this place and I can't wait to return.  Money well spent!  It was an added bonus that they accept Spa Finder gift cards. I can't wait to go back.
5	Pretty much the best 3 hours of my life!Ok....I'm exageratting but, NO-REALLY!!!!!!!!!!My boyfriend knew someone here so got me a massage.I don't normally like massages as I am very ticklish but, those DEEP TISSUE ones are juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuust right. So, I got one of those and that hour long massage was just what I needed to relax and forget all my troubles.And if that massage wasn't enough, we're able to use the spa and their facilities the whole day. I got to roam (topless) in the girls' only area. I'm pretty free about my body so that was a big bonus. Jacuzzi was amaze and their lavendar face towels were just devine after the heat.The sauna is a blessing and curse for me as I love the heat but, can only stay in there less then 5 mins. Also, love their complimentary drinks, fruits, tea. Very relaxing, to say the least.This experience has made me want to treat myself to a spa/massage, at least, once a couple months.
5	I died and went to spa heaven! Lots of different pools and rooms to indulge in plus lots of yummy snacks. Even the showers were wonderful w/ three separate sprays (showerhead and two from the sides). Staff was very friendly and helpful.Everything was extremely clean too.
4	This place is amazing! I had booked for a sugar scrub and facial. I wish I added a massage there too. I will definitely be doing that next time. Reason I took one star out is due to the aesthetician talking to me the whole time. I was trying to relax but she kept asking me questions. The showers were beautiful and relaxing. She gave me this really thick lotion that I loved! I will be buying a bottle of that when we come back in July. Was not able to try the saunas and pools but next time I will.
2	Qua is a lovely and aesthetically beautiful atmosphere to relax. It lives up to all the reviews of the awesomeness of the saunas, pools and relaxation rooms. Unfortunately, I was treated so poorly at the front desk that it ruined the experience...and I'm Yelping about it a year later because I hate thinking about the very memory of it!:/So first things first, I was completely exhausted as I had just given birth to twins 6 weeks earlier. My husband surprised me with a weekend getaway so I could rest and get the A+ treatment at a spa. My pregnancy was difficult to say the least, and delivery was downright traumatic. So I was looking forward to some R&R. We called ahead and booked a couples massage and facial. When we arrived at the front desk a very friendly man (with grey hair and an English accent I think) greeted us. He started to check us in. There was an Asian woman with long hair next to him, checking someone else in. My husband tells the man that we are there for a couples massage. He mentions to the man that we had twins and we are on a quick getaway. The woman butts in, looks at me, looks at my stomach, gives a quick glare, and then says: PREGNANT WOMEN CANNOT GET A MASSAGE. Why is it in caps? Because she darn near shouted it. So i turn around, because surely, she isn't speaking to me? And no one was behind me. She then says: YOU. PREGNANT WOMEN CANNOT GET A MASSAGE. My husband and the man helping us were mortified. It was like watching a train wreck happen before our eyes. Admittedly, I had some post-baby chub--about 40 pounds of it, not that I was counting--and I was very self conscious of this. So much so, I almost didn't want to go to the spa, but my husband assured me that I looked great for having just had twins, and I should enjoy the weekend. I started to explain to her, and my husband did too, that we had twins. We were smiling awkwardly, and giving her the benefit of the doubt. But she CONTINUED!! It was unbelievable. She said a THIRD time, "I'm sorry, but your pregnant wife cannot (get a massage, use the spa)..." By this time, several people were staring at us, including the people she was helping. I put my head down, staring at my post-baby belly and started to cry. My husband grabbed my hand and enunciated very clearly, "No. She already HAD the babies. She had the twins 6 weeks ago! She is not pregnant!" I could tell the lady wasn't getting it, and the man behind the counter was embarrassed for her. So to lighten things up I said, "I guess I still look pregnant, but I already had the babies." At that point she finally got it, and started SMILING and nodding her head. Oh, oh, oh, she said. And the man stared and the computer and continued with our reservation. He was so kind and wonderful. I think he sensed that if he belabored the point it would only humiliate me further, so I appreciated his decorum.I walked over to the retail store just to get myself out of the situation. I was definitely tearing up and did not want to cry in front of that lady. After we checked in, my husband came over and said, "Wow. That was awful. I'm so sorry. You don't look pregnant to me." He was being nice, and by then it was too late. Before you think I'm being oversensitive or whatever, it's just a plain fact that women are self conscious after having a baby(s) and wonder if they'll ever be back to normal again. The last thing they need is someone telling them they're pregnant and can't get the one luxury they've looked forward to. That experience kind of shook us up, but we told ourselves to carry on, and enjoy the day. I admit, it was hard for me to enjoy the spas at first, but I quickly got over it, and thought, How many of these women had two babies six weeks ago. Right. Probably zero. The couples massage was fantastic. I told the therapist I was still feeling not so great after the c-section, so when he laid me on my stomach, he used a special pillow, that made it really comfortable. I loved the lavendar sauna and the relaxation room. There was a co-ed spa room that my husband and I went into for about 20 minutes before our massage. I wasn't super comfortable once a group of men came in, barely covered, so we took off. All in all, we spent close to a grand. Was it worth it? Meh. I think I would have had a wonderful time if not for the major hiccup at the front desk in the beginning. Her loud accusatory voice and inability to "get" it drew so much attention to me at a time when I really just wanted to look normal and be back to my old self.
4	Trust your fellow yelpers on this one!Such a relaxing place to spend the day! The $45 entrance fee (if you are not getting any treatments) is worth it!  I don't want to give you too many details to not spoil the experience, but this spa is spacious, and the snacks/drinks are generous.  Go a little early and use their gym, not huge but they have what you need to work up a great sweat before you lay on your butt all day.The ONLY reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because I went to this place twice in one month, used 2 different showers and neither of them drained very well.  When going to a luxury spa, I like to use ALL the shower heads/sprays etc and with these, you can't do that if you want them to drain properly. My advise is to go early (before 11am) if you want to secure a spot to hang...the nice heated chairs in the Roman Bath area go fast!
4	I gave my wife a gift certificate for this place and she said she had and amazing time.  I did my research and apparently, I done good because this is one of the few gifts i think she has actually enjoyed and can't return.  The perfect gift.
4	I didn't think I would be .. But apparently I have spa'd so much that i am a spa connoisseur... I wish I wasn't because then I feel I'd be more blown away by things but alas...not a whole lot in this spa did that for me (except my spa service).The baths were nice.. None of the hot tubs were very hot in my opinion.. More like bath water.. And I'm someone who normally thinks all hot tubs are too hot. Weird...The free tea/ goodies were only ok. the tea was good but trying to find an attendant to give you some was difficult.  The aulani spa, for example, in Honolulu made carrot muffins with homemade macaroons as a snack not a bag of pretzels.. Yuck. They also gave bath salt/sugar scrub as a gift and you do not get any sort of "gift" here even after shelling out 200$ for a service.I did enjoy the coolness of the arctic room and darkness of the herbal steam room. The baths were alright but wish they had more massaging jets.the infinity hot tub was the best for bubbles but I was getting cold in it because the water was like bath water.my fav part may have been the laconium (?) room.. Heated stone seats and I had it all to myself to relax..For my service I got the "herbal wrap"... Which was awesome. It was my first Vichy shower experience... Boy those things are awesome on your back and feet.. But when I was flipped over with my stomach up..Sooooo ticklish!!  Chris, my therapist was like a magician always switching out towels to cover my private parts while flipping around and exfoliating/moisturizing, etc... This was a fun service to receive as it encorporated exfoliation, clay body mask, steam towel wrap, massage and Vichy shower. I would definitely do this again.I wish some of the attendants didn't seem so rushed and frantic...It was pretty impersonal.. Like I know they are busy but an attendant  gave me the tour so fast and rushed it kinda ruined my initial attitude when I arrived.Also, workout area is ok. Nothing over the top but they provide water, headphones, and cold towels.
4	I'm still basking in the glow of this place. I celebrated my birthday on 5/20 by spending practically the whole day here. As soon as you begin the walk down the hall from the payment desk to the spa entrance, you know you're in for a treat. The spa staff were extremely friendly and helpful, pointing out all the fabulous amenities and answering any questions.I started out with some of the pretzels and cold tea and later had the warm tea. It was so good, I purchased it at the gift shop after (African Solstice). They also have assorted cold juices in a fridge underneath. Up until the time I arrived, I waffled back and forth about having a treatment or just enjoying the amenities for the day at a very reasonable price. The spa services....well, not quite as reasonable. I made the mistake of hastily choosing a service for just under $100, not noticing it must have been a 20/30 minute treatment. SO not worth it. The woman who did my treatment (Annette?) was extremely pleasant but I could have rubbed scrub on myself for 10 minutes in the shower for far less. Next time (and there will be one!) I will know better and likely just come to enjoy the facilities.After recovering from the disappointingly brief treatment, I donned my bathing suit and headed for the baths and the heated stone recliners. Heavenly. I stayed there for most of the day as people came and went, some clothed and some not (keep that in mind if you're the modest type). I went between two of the baths (couldn't brave the cold one) and spent the rest of the time listening to music end keeping myself hydrated. There was bottled water, towels, whatever you needed everywhere. With so many people coming and going, it did get cluttered with towels and bottles around the baths. It took a minute but someone came through to straighten up and then they came regularly after that to keep things tidy. There was always someone restocking or straightening or otherwise tending to the patrons. I almost missed a second bath area located next to the steam rooms.I think it was a herbal bath. Mad I didn't spend more time there! I couldn't stay long in the steam rooms but the few minutes I spent in the herbal one was great for my sinuses.The shower area was busy but very clean and well stocked. Everything you need is in the shower. So no need to bring your own cleanser, shampoo or conditioner. I did but ended up using theirs! The shower had multiple faucets almost like a vichy shower. I need one of these in my home!This was a perfect way to end the day. I looked very relaxed when I left. I wish they had one near me! This is definitely a must-do to unwind after a hard weekend Vegas style.
5	Wow, talk about relaxation station! There is nothing to make you feel rejuvenated like a dry sauna, an herbal steam room, and an ice sauna that snows when you walk in! At the recommendation of one of the spa attendants I spent some time in the dry sauna, cooled off in the snow, sweated it out in the herbal steam room and then back to chill in the ice room. There are 3 baths (cold, warm and hot) that are all equally amazing and I never thought I would nap on stone but they have the coolest arched heated stone chairs in the bath area. Make sure to pop your robe in the "Robe Sauna" so it will be nice and toasting when you're all done at the baths! If you're looking for a great massage, book with Shauntele! She is not only amazing at what she does, but she is the sweetest person. All of the spa attendants are very professional and helpful.The tea station is great to rehydrate and the spa has a good selection of beverages, pretzels and fruit.
5	We typically land in Vegas in the early morning because we take the red eye from Honolulu. Hotel check-in is never available at 7am. My solution? I go directly to the spa from the airport. There are hundreds of spas to choose from in Vegas, and if you choose wisely, you should select Qua. The spa is separated between men and women's areas, so clothing is optional. The roman bath area is truly heavenly. There is hot, tepid, and cold pools with a waterfall shower in the middle. You can relax on the heated stone loungers and cushioned loungers surrounding the roman baths. There is an herbal steam room and an ice room (think snow), and a second bath area next to the steam rooms. Hungry? There are juices, bottled water, pretzels, and other snacks available. And a tea sommelier will freshly brew the teas to order. Come, go, stay, return. You can do whatever you want, since with a treatment, you are allowed to stay at the spa entire day. The massage was actually one of my favorites. What an amazing way to spend my first day in Vegas after an overnight flight. Just the thing I needed to jump start my vacation! I love you Qua. See ya next time.
5	Loved the day pass!  Didn't get a chance to experience any of their hands on services, but loved the day pass... would totally do it again!Came here for with a bachelorette party where half of the girls had treatments done and the rest of us enjoyed the day pass.  For $45 you get to use the facilities and it was amazing!The Day Pass included use of all their rooms (with any service, all the day spa amenities are already included)  My favorite room was the Roman Baths with the Laconium chairs in the back.  The biggest room at the facility there, it had 3 baths and about 6 tiled chairs in the back that were warmed.  The chairs don't look it, but they are so relaxing! Several of us took naps on those chairs.So many amenities... I wish I had known that toiletries are provided for instead of bringing my own.  They are fully stocked with Combs, Brushes, Hair Dryers, Shampoo, Conditioner, Soap, Curling Irons, Flat Irons and upon request you can get toothbrush, toothpaste, razors and shaving cream.  A nice touch when you don't want to lug around all your toiletries.  Throughout the facility you'll find bottled water and in the tea room in addition to tea they have iced tea, several choices of canned juices, fruits and pretzels, so no need to bring snacks as well.  Would have loved to come here on my last day after partying all weekend... just gives me something to look forward to next trip!
3	One star less than the last experience there because:-Less employees to make hot tea for you.  I would make it myself if they give us access to it.  -They no longer have water with orange slices I looked forward to.  -The spa is very far from the Garage of Caesar's.  It's at the opposite end.-One of the massage therapists double charged a tip.I will not be returning to Qua after this.  There are plenty of other nice spas in LV.
4	This is my second time at this spa for a bachelorette party. Its a great place for a group of girls to relax before a long night out on the strip! There is a men's section and a woman's section. This review is specifically for the woman's spa. There are two large pools, a steam room, sauna room, and an ice room. There is a sitting room as well, but I believe it is mainly for the people getting massages. They have fruits, a variety of juices, and hot and cold tea which is a plus, especially if you are hanging around for more than 2 hours. They have these amazing stone loungers that are heated. My only wish is that they had more places to lay out! I was feeling so relaxed and was dying for a quick nap but all of the loungers were taken! My girlfriends and I all agreed that a "nap room" would make this place absolutely perfect. I would recommend going early as it can get pretty packed later in the afternoon.
5	I purchased the day pass - it was $25 since I had the resort package on my room. Spending the day in the Qua Baths & Spa was the highlight of my Vegas trip. In fact I wish I could be back there again today. I loved the snow room! I think I am premenopausal and I enjoy sticking my head in a freezer sometimes because I get so hot. I want build a snow room in my master bath. The snow room, the sauna and steam room are close so you can alternate from the cold to the hot. The large hot tub is nice too. My favorite thing was to sit on the warm heated contoured tile beds while I finished my intense mystery novel. I spent about 3 hours alternating from the tile beds to the pools. Incredibly relaxed in Vegas! Oh Calgon- take me away- to Qua Baths & Spa!!!
5	Note: As of July 27, 2013,  Qua no longer allows guests who aren't staying at Caesar's Palace to use their facilities on weekends without the purchase of a treatment.  You will be able to purchase the $45 day pass on weekdays ONLY.  Such a shame because I'm never in Vegas on weekdays and Qua's amenities are so lovely.I had been to Qua several times prior only to use their facilities but finally decided to take the plunge and book a treatment this past weekend.  I went for the Morning Dew treatment, a full body scrub and massage combination.Before going in for my treatment, I took advantage of Qua's facilities for a solid two hours.  I started with the Roman baths spending most of my time lounging under the waterfall of the caldarium (the hot bath) and laying down in the tepidarium (the warm bath) whose "sitting area" has little spurts of cool water flowing out of tiny holes.After soaking for several minutes, I took a short nap on the heated anti-gravity chairs before I lazily dragged myself over to the cedarwood sauna, arctic room, and herbal steam room.  Although I love the smoking cedarwood chips in the sauna, the herbal steam room is my favorite of the three.  The steam is dense and soothingly scented; even when I don't get treatments, my skin is noticeably better after spending 15 minutes in here.  The nearby jacuzzi is also really nice and calming, especially if you take one of the small, chilled towels nearby .I went to the tea lounge to relax a bit about 30 minutes prior to my appointment.  While I was enjoying my Fuji apple, an attendant asked me if I would like any tea and brewed me a cup of white ginger pear tea.  Afterward, I was called in to meet my massage therapist, Scott, who was so friendly and personable that any awkwardness I might have felt about getting a full body rubdown with a non-female therapist for the first time instantly went out the window.My full body scrub was gentle but very thorough; the exfoliant particles used are very small but pack an effective punch when applied with Scott's expert hands.  Damp, heated towels were placed over each exfoliated area and set to rest there for several minutes, further softening my skin.  Once the exfoliant was wiped off, the difference in my skin was noticeable immediately but before I was able to revel in my newfound baby soft skin, I was lathered up with warmed rosemary lotion and deftly massaged. Heavenly!After my massage, I was given a little container of rosemary lotion to take home with me.  I was also encouraged to use the steam room and sauna to flush out any toxins that had been shifted around during my massage which I happily did.Since I was planning on going out later that night, I took advantage of their showers which were pre-stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and a fresh set of towels.  I'm not sure why anyone would ever need three different shower heads but I'm not going to lie, I kind of like it.I meant to leave a cash tip for my masseuse but I left the spa in such a rush that it slipped my mind.  Frantic, I called the spa on my way over to the parking lot to ask them if a tip could be added to my charge since I had used my card to pay for the treatment.  They were both sweet and efficient; by the time I had reached the car my tip was added to my total.Overall, Qua is the ideal oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  I doubt I'll be coming back any time soon since their treatments are pretty pricey but if I'm ever in need of another extravagant pampering sesh, I'd gladly return.
5	I am a regular at Korean and Japanese Spas in Los Angeles. Roman style baths and saunas appeal to my sense of relaxation, so I was pleased to see there was an option at Caesars while I was staying there. This is a gorgeous and spacious spa. Arrive 1-2 hours in advance to take advantage of the soak, steam, sauna, snacks, tea, chill out areas, ROBE SAUNA!! and heated loungers.Based on past Vegas massage experiences, I was reluctant to book a treatment, knowing I may or may not get my $$ Worth. Decided on the "Fountain of Youth" Ayurvedic Shirodhara treatment. Holy! And I mean HOLY moly. Christopher is authentic, gifted healer. Massage followed by oil drip and scalp massage. A beautiful treatment followed by more steam (Christopher recommends for extended hair and body moisture) and then cocktails, of course...it's Vegas!Would remove .5 stars for loud attendants slamming the linen closet doors and some women who were not respectful of spa code of conduct! Relax!
5	Best Day Spa EVER!! I'm a local and whenever family & friends are in town I take them to try a new day spa. My best friend was here so we wanted to try Caesars. We did a day spa pass for $45 for the whole day. 6am-8pm. These pictures don't even do this spa justice. It's by far my number one spa. So amazing.
5	This spa is amazing. I go to Vegas often and I look forward to this spa almost as much as the trip. The atmosphere is relaxing. When I leave there I feel like I was rejuvenated from head to toe.The steam room and roman baths are amazing. I can find myself there for hours and hour just relaxing on the heated lounge chairs by the Roman baths. There are snack, tea, water and juices available. There is every thing you can think of to get ready after your experience. No need to bring hair brushes or curling/straighteners they have them!Absolutely, love this place. Wish I lived closer I'd be a frequent visitor!
3	The massages were great! The baths and other amenities were awful! We got there an hour early to relax and enjoy the baths/steam rooms prior to our massages. The jets in all the baths are sooo loud and all they do is splash you in the face. They do not massage and it's impossible to relax. The "snow" room is just a cold room with spurts of foam coming out of one part of the ceiling. Really lame. If you just want a massage, I recommend this place. Ellie was great! If you want amenities as part of your spa experience, try somewhere else.
4	This spa s really pretty and serene. I really enjoyed my massage here. My masseuse was really good concentrating on the places I felt needed special attention. They had a bunch of different steam rooms, the herbal one which was too hot, the wood one which I enjoyed and the cold room which was freezing. They also had four different whirl pools to enjoy. It was so relaxing that I lost track of time. The one thing I did not like was that they charged me $280 for our massages but our masseuses printed it out as $150 each instead. They corrected the mistake but this should not have happened. Their showers were excellent with water shooting out at you from all directions. I left feeling relaxed and super thirsty.
4	I am reviewing this place a couple of weeks after my husband and I came here for a very short vacation and driving almost non stop for 9 hours. On our 2nd and final day here we decided to book swedish massages and enjoy the facilities for the entire day until since in the evening we were going to be seeing Celine Dion perform. The facilities are just lovely and I really enjoyed the roman baths area with the heated chase lounges in particular, although, I did feel that the use of bottled water was very wastful and not to mention it was room temprature. I did enjoy the Bombay Chai they offered from thier lose leaf tea collection, I only wish were able to make it ourselves rather than wait on an attendant.So as far as the massage went, my masseuse was friendly, however, it felt a bit akward as I did come in wearing a two peice to be modest (and because he was a male) and I didn't appreciate that without asking me he just started unting my bikini top off as there was no reason to do so.  He did work on some of the areas I asked him to but completely missed my arms/hands and barely touched my feet which I mentioned, I walk/stand a lot at work and could have used to additional pampering on. His overall pressure was just OK as it felt more like a rub down than massage. I also didn't appreciate him breathing so heavily and burping while working on me. It made me feel like he was out of shape. But other than those things, it wasn't the worst massage ever but certainly wasn't the best or most relaxing.I did have a problem with being handed the bill right after my massage because I felt like I was being forced to think about how much gratuity to leave rather than relax my mind and not have to worry. I feel this should happen at check out and not the minute you get done. Overall, I did enjoy the facilities since I came on a Wednesday afternoon, so it wasn't really busy or crowded and I did enjoy the free pretzels as we had not eaten breakfast before coming in. I liked the lavender mist room and the showers with multiple shower heads as well as the array of amenities/products they had. The slippers were comfy, although, I wish we were allowed to take them home, especially as a souvenir for it being our first time. The only major complain I would have are the tools they have for your hair, the blow dryer seemed extremely weak and cheap and felt like even on the highest setting, it wasn't drying my hair and the brushes all looked filthy as there was still people's hair in them. That's completely unsanitary and unacceptable at a facility that charges this much. Would I come back, sure, I would definitely give them another chance and probably just pick a deep tissue or sports massage next time for a little bit longer length, however, I would love it if they would take note and improve on a couple of these things. I definitely think this place still has the best looking facilities that you could find so it's probably worth the splurge during a vacation to pamper yourself, especially, if like us, you end up driving up here from far away.
4	Clothing optional, $45 entrance fee, not unisex....So the only reason why I'm not giving Qua a 5 star is because I specifically chose this spa because the receptionist told me over the phone that it was unisex.  My hubs is now a spa whore bc of me and we wanted to hit the spa together for our anniversary.  She failed to mention that the only part that is unisex is this tiny waiting room you sit in until your therapist calls you for your massage.  haha No biggie but just FYI.  If you're interested in waiting with your guy, just let the staff know and they'll direct you to it after you change into your robe.Spa:*$45 entrance fee to use the facility and amenities the whole day.  It's a pretty good deal since it's pretty spacious with a few jacuzzis, pool, sauna, arctic room and herbal steam room.  Loved the heated lounge seats, you can pass out there for hours.  *Massage, facials, treatments, etc. are extra at Vegas prices = expensive. *The waiting room for treatments is a good size but can get pretty packed and seem small if it's a busy day.  There's water, juices, cold juices in the fridge, fruit, and pretzels.  Usual amenities with the lockers, robe, slippers, brushes, q tips, hair dryers, shampoo/conditioner, hair spray, deoderant and lotion.* Staff is nice and helpful.  If you need something just ask.  I needed a razor, shaving cream and a plastic bag for my wet swimsuit and they quickly got it for me.Massage:Hubs and I got the couples massage with some fancy exotic name like karma sutra rejuvenating oil blah blah blah....sounded nice but it was just a regular ol swedish massage and they poured warm oil on our heads, then massaged it in.  It was nice but kinda felt like something was peeing on my head....anyways for over 400 bucks, I would say it wasn't worth it but hey it's Vegas.Clothing optional:Yup you can wander around her butt nekkid to your heart's content.  Surprisingly there were only a couple girls who went topless.  Hubs told me all the guys on his end were nekkid and letting all their junk swing out.
1	New policy: the spa is now only available to hotel guests.  I've been going here for years whether I stay at Caesars or not.  I pay the admission price each time and play at their tables afterwards, as well as, eat at the restaurants there.  So it puzzles me that they won't let me pay for one service but will allow others.  All the cashier could tell me that it's a new policy.  As everyone know, there's no such thing as policy in Vegas if you are willing to pay extra money.  So after asking the service manager, I found out that you can pay extra to use the spa.  Only, you would have to book a room or a massage which you don't need first.  Now I can understand, and even agree with, having separate prices for non-guest; but having to book a room or an expensive treatment which you don't need seems like a not fully thought out policy.  It also seems like they are just money hungry too. Caesars need to rethink this because all this does is allow me to explore other spa and casino options.
5	The most expensive spa I've ever been to, but you definitely get what you pay for.It's tough to top this place, honestly.  I believe the only things you need to bring are sandals and money.  They have everything else included for you there.  Lockers, towels, robes, iced water, tea and beverage, APPLES, relaxation room, tv, comfortable recliners, jacuzzi, roman bath, steam room, sauna, ARCTIC ROOM....This also happens to be a clothing-optional place.  What that really means is that you also get a parade of old naked overweight hairy men.  Fortunately, this will not be reason enough to deduct stars from this review.Honestly, this is probably the best spa you can find in Las Vegas.  It's easy to spend an entire day there, and I myself almost did.  Just try not to overdo it, because I made that mistake, and I ended up having trouble moving my body around as we were leaving Las Vegas.  Maybe the spa was just too good and I couldn't get enough.If you somehow overshot your length of stay in Vegas for one reason or another, consider this place for at least one of the extra days.  Especially at the end of your trip after all those shenanigans.  Great for detox, great for rehydration.  It's in Caesar's Palace.  You'll be impressed.
2	Expensive mediocrity. Not really that impressed considering the high marks. Baths were great, but not amazing. Really?  No brushes in the bathroom. Who in the world uses a comb these days?Staff allowed a minor dispute with a locker to be disruptive to all the guestsQuality of snacks:  lame.  Apples and bagged pretzels.  And really? Little plastic water bottles, have you heard of global warming?  What ever happened to nicely chilled lemon cucumber water. Isn't that spa 101?The mystic journey @ $300 was a journey of left over scrub all over my body.  When do you ever give a scrub and not have facilities in the room to wash off?And lastly, but most importantly.  As we were leaving I asked the attendant behind the desk if she had a garbage can.  She threw away my water bottle, then snarkily told me I could throw my other garbage in the trash around the corner.  I'm not quite conveying how rude this was but lets just say it was the icing on the cake for a mediocre, way too expensive,  experience.
5	After 2 full nights of shenanigans, I was rushed out of my bed by my maid of honor as we were running late, I was hungover as well and the sun was beaming down.  We were walking so fast I didn't even notice we were walking into Caesar's palace.  Still just trying to gain my composure I just kept asking why we were rushing and if they understood that I am completely hungover.  Nobody cared.  We go around this maze of a place and end up at QUA Bath's & Spa.  Hmm, now this is what I was rushed to.  The staff were quite friendly and helpful and clearly saw that I was in need of water.  We were then given a grand tour of the place and given lockers and robes.  I had my robe and continued going straight to the water and some crackers.  After a few minutes I started feeling better right as I was going to get my massage.  Perfect timing if you ask me.  My service was fabulous and everyone was really chatty!!!  I liked it chatting about everything under the sun.  After it was all done I was told to enjoy the hottub, the herbal steam room (I had to wait a bit for that and I couldn't stay in there for long), and I then went to the Sauna and Ice Room.  I loved the Ice Room!!!  This was the best experience that I had as far as relaxation goes and it was well worth the 'rush' to get there. 5 Stars and can't wait to go back there for a couples retreat!
4	I really enjoyed spending the day at Qua last time I was in Vegas. Too bad its clothing-optional so they have separate men/women area. Except the Laconium room was unisex. The Laconium room was powerful and very relaxing.. I feel like i can just sit there for hours focusing on nothing or happy thoughts. Wish I have that room in my house..Amenities were great. They gave us slippers and full sized Satin Olay shaving cream.. Not the tiny one. The hot teas were fancy... I just LOVE love this place..It couldve been a five-stars if they have more snacks to choose from and more unisex rooms/areas.
5	I totally agree with everything that Wilson who wrote the prior review said.  This place is top drawer.  It is huge, well run, very classy, nice and helpful attendants.  Towels, robes, iced bottled water, a fully stocked refrigerator in the Tea Room with leather chairs and ESPN.  If you are not a hotel guest it is $45 for a full day pass and that includes an extensive fitness center too.  The fitness center is co-ed.  The spa is not.  Most guys keep to themselves, but occasionally someone strikes up a conversation, but not much.  It is generally quiet and peaceful with candles and waterfalls galore.It is difficult to find.  Use the elevators around the corner from Starbucks in the Augustus Tower.  It is on M floor.  Enjoy!
1	I get massages every 2 weeks and I was visiting last vegas and decided to visit Qua based on these reviews.  First: the reception was very confused, it took 10min to check me inbut the worst was the massage itself. I paid for a 50 min massage, she only massaged for 40 min and it was just a oily rub downI don't recommend this place at all
5	The most relaxing experience of my life! This is by far my favorite spa in Vegas. Here's a quick rundown of my experience:- Quick check-in at the front of the spa- Received a short tour of the facilities by one of the staff members- Changed into a bathrobe and plastic slippers, both of which are provided by Qua- Enjoyed tea and coffee in the Tea room while waiting for my spa treatment (the lounge chairs are EXTREMELY comfy -- I almost took a nap in there). They also have fruit, pretzels, bottled water, and fruit juices available!- I had the Honey/Cinnamon Vichy treatment with a scalp massage. Oh. My God. It was so incredibly refreshing and relaxing. My skin felt soo smooth afterwards and I smelled like cinnamon for the rest of the day. - Relaxed in the Roman baths and heated lounge chairs- Dipped into the circular jacuzzi- Enjoyed the steam sauna- Dried myself off in the dry sauna- Relaxed in the Arctic Ice room- Ended the day with a shower, which features a rainfall shower head and THREE additional shower heads for your body -- This was amazing. - Blow-dried and straightened my hair with HOT TOOLS styling products, which are provided in the vanity areaAfter spending 6 hours here, I didn't want to leave! I have been to several spas in the Vegas area as well as the East Coast, and QUA definitely takes the cake. I've never felt so pampered in my whole life. This place is definitely a treat.
5	My wife and I returned to Qua for some much needed R&R.  This is our favorite spa in Vegas.  The spa has so many quality amenities to it.  From the showers, to the baths, herbal steam room, sauna to the friendly staff.  We've always received quality massage treatments from their therapists.  It's a place to pamper yourself.
5	This is truly A five star venue, every time I come here I'm reminded of its tranquil, healing properties that leave you feeling remade all over again.  The aqua blue color  scheme and mix of therapeutic amenity and Roman baths are on point.  The size and scale is the biggest in vegas and the customer service is top notch.  That combined with a cool lounge to watch sports and drink herbal tea makes it a majestic experience.
5	If I could pay rent and live here that would be ideal. We received free day passes as part of my friend's wedding package (normally $45/day or included with purchase of services). This was easily one of the highlights of my Vegas stay, a great getaway from all the smoke/crowds downstairs. I told my boyfriend I'd be back in 20 minutes, and almost worried him dissapearing into this beautiful world for 2+ hours. Whoops. The changing room is a bit small, they provide you with a robe, though clothing is optional, and slippers. First I went into the larger jacuzzi room which had 3 separate pools of different temperatures. I was alone in the largest jacuzzi for a while despite it being a Saturday and waded around like a happy child. Along the jacuzzi are warm/heated seats that just make you want to take a nap. You can leave your robe in a heated closet. Then I went to the tea room to refresh myself from all the calories i burned sitting in the jacuzzi. They provide coffee, tea, juices, fruits, and pretzals. Not gonna lie- took some snacks back for the bf. There are two sauna rooms. One is "herbal," the entire room fogs up and if there was someone else with me in the room I wouldn't have known. The other one is some sort of wood that features dry heat. Both felt amazing. I peaked into the Arctic room, but didn't get the appeal. Showering here was amazing too. There were 4 shower heads that you could choose from in various combinations- my own little waterfall world. Vanity area includes blow dryers, hair straighteners, curling irons, hair sprays, lotions.I was so so sad to leave
5	Went here with my friends a few months back.  By far the coolest spa I've been to.  Spent all afternoon bouncing between the snow room, saunas and pools.  I got a massage too, it was average, but the ambiance of the place more than made up for it.
5	Ahhh where to start with the amazing Qua Spa.. I come here whenever I stay at Caesars, which is at least once a month. I usually get a custom 50 min massage or custom 50 min facial. They are both incredible. The massage leaves you perfectly relaxed and ready to face an other crazy night in sin city. You can talk with your esthetician for your facial so that he/she really understands your skincare concerns. My latest esthetician even gave me samples to take home of some of the products she used on my skin. The basic spa accommodations are all there too, but with a cherry on top - sauna, herbal steam room, ice room (snow falls while you're in there!), jacuzzi, cold pool, room temp pool, showers, etc. Last but not least, I am OBSESSED with the iced tea they serve. It's a Black Tea (Qua Blend), and I can't stop drinking it whenever I'm here. I need to remind myself to buy a pack at the retail shop next time I'm here.I would recommend Qua Spa to everyone. It's simply the best.
5	This was awesome!! Definitely go prior to your treatment and relax a bit. There is a Gina hot tub and 3 Roman baths. The cold bath is supposed to be good for your immune system. It was COLD but if you can hang for a minute or two the you can survive. And it's Supposed to be good for you! I loves the big whirlpool, attic room (with falling snow, though it was on 56 degrees) and the sauna.Oh and my facial was good too. The overall experience was very enjoyable!
5	I have had the privilege of visiting this spa both times I have gone to Las Vegas and it has been the BEST part of my trips!! The customer service is amazing and the spa is beautiful and welcoming. From the moment you enter and walk down the hallway your stress seems to melt-away as you hear the waterfall and see the beautiful soft lighting. I've been fortunate enough to have a full day at this spa twice and it's worth every dollar. They even ordered food to be delivered to me at the hair salon when I mentioned that I was hungry! I would love to go again if I get the chance for another visit. Forget the gambling.......it's worth the flight just for the Qua Spa! Excellent.
5	Excellent and friendly staff, and what a great massage!  The steam to arctic sauna are fabulous!!
5	This is an amazing spa! Do come early before your spa appointment to enjoy the baths. I also believe you can even go in with a day pass if you don't have a treatment set up. The heated jacuzzis was an absolute delight. There is a raining shower that you can walk through to get your body temp accumulated before getting into one of the 3 baths. There is also one large one on the other side that is the hottest one. Its extremely relaxing. They also have an herbal steam room, a dry sauna and a cold room. The arctic room is definitely great after coming out of the steam room. There is a lounge area where you expect to get called for your appointment. They offer refreshments, snacks and hot tea. I had a custom package done with a deep tissue full body massage and an oil scalp massage. I originally didn't like the idea of a scalp massage, but after a night of drinking and feeling horrible, a scalp massage was the best everrrrr. Oil is ever so slowly dripped onto your forehead and worked through your hair. I think I was in bliss at that moment. Definitely would have that done again, no question!Also clothing is optional here!
4	Second year in a row here: New Years Day detox.  To our dismay when we arrived New Year Day they said that the new policy was that non-guests cannot come in on the holiday days (although they did before).  I had called the day before to the concierge who said that we could come in.  So they were nice enough to let us in due to the conflict of information.  Unfortunately they also ramped up the price to $75 from $45, but what can you do, they are very pricey.  The spa itself is unparalleled for anything I have been to: multiple rooms that are nicely maintained and decorated, multiple types of rooms and temperatures.  The Arctic room was a favorite since that room cooled you off to normal temp (it snows in there!) in between steams in the Hyacinth, mildly steamy, and dry saunas.  There is an elevated pool mid-temp and then a big Roman Bath room with hot, cold, and medium tubs.  Very decadent and when you leave you feel such an amazing sense of calm and relaxation that is not found elsewhere.  If you have money to burn you can add the other spa services but it is simply too much for my soul.Four stars due to the restrictive policies, extreme cost, and the creepy funeral director type character that keeps prowling and staring in every room (presumably to stave off any illicit activity)
4	Zen! Amazingly beautiful spa. Great facials & couples massages. A little cold in the massage rooms but not a problem to turn up the heat. Husband hung out in the men's lounge while I was getting a facial and said the amenities were some of the best he's been to (and he's been to quite a few). I would give it 5 stars, but the roman spa on the women's side wasn't working. Great escape from all the craziness in Las Vegas!
4	Went to this spa last summer during my birthday celebration in Vegas... and this spa did not disappoint!! For sure a 5 star experience! My friends and I paid to use the facility only and boy was it impressive. This was the first ever spa I went to in Vegas and my second ever spa experience. A day pass here is $45, TOTALLY worth it!!!You feel a sense of tranquil just entering this spa! It's beautiful, clean, and sooooo relaxing! I LOVE all the water elements! If you have a total rewards card, show them and get points for your card! They also accept spa finder gift cards. I used one to save extra money due to a promo. I think it ended up costing me only $35 to use the facility instead! They will assign you a locker and you input numbers of your choice to be the locker key code. The showers are very nice! They have a regular shower or one with like 7 shower heads! I used the one with 7 shower heads and it was heavenly!!! All products: shampoo, conditioner, lotion, hairspray, styling tools, mouthwash, deodorant, etc are there for you to use. There are many different rooms and pools here, ALL of them nice! Clothing is optional at this spa and they give you a nice fancy robe to use while inside the spa. If you forget your bathing suit, they have disposable ones that you can use... one of my friend forget hers and so she got a disposable one... she didn't like it though... but it's better than being nude, right!Anyways, the roman tubs I am in love with! There is like 3 or 4 pools in that area. One that's cold, hot, bubbles... they all feel really nice and it's fun to go back and forth. They also have a shower in the middle which feels really nice. Numerous lounge chairs in this area and a few, I think 6 or so of the special stone hot chairs. Unfortunately, the stone chairs were being hoarded by some rude women who weren't even using them... they just claimed it with their stuff... Oh well, the pools feel super nice anyways. The main lounge area is amazing!! Snacks galore! 2 fridges with ALL the juice, coffee, tea you can drink! There is also fruit and pretzels available for you to snack on, which is excellent as you can work up quite an appetite just relaxing in the water! The teas are VERY good and they have lots of specialy teas as well. You can try any and as much as you want! Juices, there is apple, orange, pineapple... I had them all! The lounge chairs are comfy and there are lots of them! Magazines are available to read. You can sit and chit chat with the girls or take a nice nap. The music totally put you in a relaxing mood!The different spa rooms are also very nice and fun! There is a hot, cold, steam, herbal. I think my favorite is the cold room! The cold room has snow that falls down every so often!! Yes, it's not real snow, but the foam type... but it's still fun and feels magical! I rubbed some of the foam on me and whatever it was, it made your skin feel really nice!My friends and I were here for about 4 hours and we were NOT ready to leave!! In the showers they have a machine to dry your bathing suit! It was fun to use! After 4 hours of relaxing, we got ready in the beyond amazing shower area... and we had all worked up quite the appetite for the Bacchanal buffet!! The perfect way to spend my birthday day with my girls!Would I come back to this spa... heck yea!! In a heartbeat!!! Unfortunately, from what I read... they are no longer allowing people who are not staying at the hotel to use the spa... that's why I can only give this spa 4 stars even thought it is a 5 star experience :(  I've soooo been wanting to go back to this spa!!I'm so glad I got to experience this spa before the policy change! I don't know why they changed it... it didn't feel crowded to me at all!I will now only go to spas in Vegas!! I learned my lesson with LA spas. This place DOES live up to the hype!! I guess I'll have to wait till I stay at Caeser's again to use the spa now :(
2	As a self proclaimed spa junkie, I look forward to my trips to Vegas as I've had wonderful massage experiences at numerous spas on the strip.  I am completely disappointed and feel generally ripped off with my experience here.  First, I had to wait approx 10 min just to check in because there was only one person at the front desk and a line of people waiting to get in.  Second, you have to pay up front.  Third, when I finally checked in and went to the back to get a locker and robe, the attendant was MIA.  She finally appeared and asked me to wait a little longer.  Then she finally took me to my locker, but failed to mention all the steps to opening and closing the locker.  I had to come to the front of the spa repeatedly to ask for help with random little things because there are no attendants in the spa to help with anything.  Can I have tea?  You have to go up again and ask for it.  The facilities themselves are nice and clean.  But then, the real reason I actually came to the spa in the first place- the massage- was awful.  She showed up and started walking.  Um, ok I guess I'll follow you...she spent a good 5 minutes washing her hands before beginning the actual massage.  Hey I'm glad your hands are going to be clean before working on me but you're not performing surgery here and considering it's $160 for a 50 min massage- a 5 minute hand washing is excessive.  The massage itself sucked.  She seemed new and inexperienced, and never checked in on me regarding pressure.  At certain points during the massage her clothing was tickling me and I had to keep brushing it away.  The bed was cold, but she insisted the temp was on high.  But the best part was at the end when we finished and she concluded the massage by asking me to sign ANOTHER receipt reflecting that I actually received the massage.  Do they have a problem with people spa-ing and ditching?  What poor customer service.  When I was finally ready to leave, my locker would not open so of course I had to go all the way up to the front, ask for help, wait, then have them come to my locker to open it.  I come to Vegas and in particular the spa to be pampered and treated nicely.  This experience was most definitely a miss, and I will not be back!  You are better off going to the Venetian (the facility could use a little updating but the massage therapists are amazing) the Bellagio, or even the Paris (the facility isn't luxe but great therapists!).
5	This is how you relax! The right way to start or end your trip in las vegas. Or you can do how I do it, and begin and end with this spa. Tranquil, serene, quit, and great service! I love the atmosphere it feels like you are in a rock cave with all these different type of baths, and they have heated stone chairs. They also have a arctic chill room after you get out of the sauna, and steam room. A great way to sooth  your body and your mind.Best spa I have ever been to.
2	the 2 star is strictly given for the highly unpleasant check in/check out.we had to wait 15 min when we arrived because the girlie didn't know how to use the computer correctly, it shut down, the other people there were not help etc. especially frustrating when you come hours early to enjoy the spa before our appointment. their customer service skills also leave a lot to be desired. the couldn't have cared less that we were made to wait and talked like we were not even there. after we spent 1.5 hours in the spa we had our massage and when we left we noticed that my husband was charged the full amount when we checked in and again when he finished his massage. my credit card (which i had to give when making the reservation) was also charged for the full amount. so for a $ 360 service we had a total of $ 1080 charges on our debit cards. the same front desk "team" vehemently" denied having those charges put through and did not give us the time a day, no apology, no "we will make it up to you" etc. i had to spend 20 min with the bank to get the charge taken off and so did my husband. horrible customer service. i am a retail manager myself and would never allow anybody in my store to treat customers that way.now the good part: once we actually got inside it was beautiful. very quiet and relaxing. i guess it helped that we came during the week when not much was going on. the facilities are state of the art. everybody inside was very nice and helpful. tara gave me a fantastic shiatsu massage with hot stones and oil. my husband was supposed to get a male therapist but it ended up being a woman who "only" gave him a regular swedish massage and not the shiatsu that was ordered and paid for. not doubt a glitch that goes back to the inept front desk people. but he enjoyed it anyway and also got a great haircut from the barber. would it go back? yes, because of the spa itself and the excellent massage.but i would refuse to pay until after i am finished because they would just charge everything double again. i would expect better from any spa, let alone one that is so expensive and exclusive. management is a joke.
4	3.5 stars to be exactI was here for my birthday this year and it was really relaxing. I got myself a swedish massage and i was able to use their spa facility for the whole entire day. The swedish masage was just okay, i wouldnt pay for their swedish massage again. i feel that i have had better swedish massage locally near my home than at Qua Baths & Spa, especially for the amount I've paid, i expected better at Caesar's. Aside from the massgae, i'm still a fan of the Qua Baths & Spa; This place is HUGE! there were four different jacuzzi at different temperatures. There were heated seats for you to relax and fall asleep in. Then there was the herbal steam room (which i love), artic room, and the sauna. The lounge was spacious and you get all sorts of fruits, drinks and snacks to eat. Snacks was limited - just pretzels, but the variety of beverages ranged from water, tea, coffee, different types of juices. it was excellent! the place is super clean and tranquil. I fell asleep in the heated seats, the lounge and during the massage.  This spa is opened to guests and non guests. If you just want to use the facility it's $75 per person for a day pass. I think $75 is a bit much for a day pass,  I would rather spend $25 at Canyon Ranch at the Venetian / Palazzo and still get a good relaxing experience. However if you really like jacuzzi, then visit Qua Baths & Spa because their jacuzzi is much bigger and more in quantity than Canyon ranch.
4	I've been here a zillion times.  I'll give you the straight up. It's the BEST spa on the strip. Don't waste your time if you're looking to hang out for a few hours and soak, steam, relax, this is the place. I've been to Wynn, Encore, Bellagio, Venetian. They suck. The Venetian has a tiny tiny jacuzzi in the middle of the locker room. That's all. The Wynn has generic products in the bath area, and when we were there I couldn't even find an attendent.So. Buy the day pass for $45. You get a robe, there is a snack and drink station with various juices, coffee, iced-tea, fruit, pretzels etc.  You just help yourself. Then you wander to the baths, where there are three pools, hot, medium and ice cold. And warm stone chaise longe. So you dip, lay down and read or nap, dip again, go to the steam or sauna, hang out. Then go to the snow room and cool off under campy but fun fake snow falling from the ceiling in the icy cold room.My only negative is that over the past 5 or so years I've been going, it's so obviously getting a bit run down and they don't seem to be doing anything about it. the tubs have grime on the concrete parts, and they have gotten rid of the goodies in the bathroom because probably people were taking loads home.  If they could clean it up, give it a good shine, make sure the chaise longe were always on and warm, they'd be back to being tip top.
5	When I go to Vegas I have started a new tradition to go to the spa and get pampered. My guilty pleasure is massages so why not? My past trip to Vegas I went to the spa at the Bellagio and that is what started my addiction to Vegas spas. This time  stayed at Caesar's Palace so it was fitting that I come here this time. This place is tangible proof that heaven exists. When you book a massage or other service you are given full access to the the facilities at the spa all day which makes for  relaxing day. My appointment was at 2:00 and I had an 80 minute classic massage. I showed up at 12:00 and spent those two hours in pure bliss. The checked me in right away and gave me a tour of the facility and assigned me a locker to put my things in. One thing I noticed that may seem small but ended up making a difference was the fact that their lockers have a digital combo as opposed to Bellagio's spa where you had to carry around a key. This spa was much more modern and had more to do. My favorite thing was the Roman Baths. They have three whirl pools in there. One is the cold plunge and the other was very hot but the largest of the baths was just warm and that was perfect. It was comfortable enough for you to be able to stay in there for a long time without feeling too hot. Also they had several heated chairs for you to lay and relax in. Down the hall from the Roman Baths they had a very large whirl pool that was 104 degrees. There also had a cold room that had soap suds coming down that looked like snow. They also had a steam room and a sauna. The sauna was excellent and very comfortable. The relaxation lounge where you wait for your appointment was especially comfy as well. They also provided fruit, pretzels, water, coffee, tea and assorted juices for your enjoyment. I enjoyed the spa so much that I made a day out of it and stayed for a while after my massage appointment as well. Now time for the massage. My therapists name was Christy and she was amazing. The pressure she used was perfect and she really hit my problem areas that I discussed with her. They gave me a choice between lotion and oil and I used the oil. I have had a massage with both lotion and oil and oil is much better. I also got to choose between mango and coconut and I of course chose coconut. She gave me a full massage from head to toe and have me the best scalp and neck massage I ever had. She did very good in the other areas as well but she excelled at the scalp and neck for sure. That 80 minutes flew by but it was amazing and worth every penny. She was very polite and made sure I felt good the entire time. Their showers for when you are done are great as well. The are like the showers in the room but much larger and the provide shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. It was so great. They also have a very large and fully stocked vanity area for when you are ready to leave as well. They provide lotion, mouthwash, hairspray, mousse, hairdryers, curling irons, flat irons, and hairbrushes and combs. Just bring some makeup with you and you are all set. They make it very easy to make yourself presentable when you leave. Overall  enjoyed this spa very much and you can bet that I will go back again one day. I will just try a different treatment to change things up a bit but I will go back. I highly recommend pampering yourself here. Your body, mind, and soul will thank you.
3	Many of the other reviews already went into detail about the available spa facilities, so I just wanted to highlight a few things about my experience.This is a clothing optional facility - so, if you are uncomfortable with being completely or partially nude, bring your own bathing suit. I had forgotten mine and asked if they had a disposable set. They did, but the pieces were one-size-fits-all and were quite useless unless you weighed more than 180 lbs and had a chest size that was a D cup and up. I ended up wrapping a towel around myself when using the steam room, sauna and artic room.  I would have thought a high-end spa like Qua would have stocked various sizes, but that wasn't the case.I had booked a 50-minute classic massage treatment, and thought the experience was only average. I wasn't offered the option of oil v. lotion, and was also not offered any choice of scents. Even though I went into detail about my problem areas and the preferred pressure, my therapist clearly stuck to a routine she uses for all clients. My scalp massage at the very end lasted about a minute or less. My therapist was supposed to come get me about 5 minutes prior to my 2pm treatment, but didn't show up until exactly 2pm, and ended the 50-minute treatment at exactly 2:50pm...which meant that the time it took to walk back to the treatment room, undress, prep, etc. all cut into my treatment time. At the price point for treatments, I wasn't very impressed. Make sure to read the reviews and request a therapist that comes highly recommended, if you want to ensure a great experience.
4	I should begin by saying that I have been to many spas on the Strip in Vegas. As far as amenities and the actual facility itself, Qua is one of the best. It is absolutely beautiful, and the staff is kind, helpful, and gracious. When you book a treatment, you have access to the spa area all day, so you can take a dip in the large whirlpool baths, take an arctic shower, hang out in the steam sauna, or relax with a cup of hot tea in the relaxation area. All in all, very nice spa with loads of amenities and charm.The only thing I didn't particularly care for was my therapist and the treatment itself. It was very well done and relaxing, don't get me wrong, but I specifically booked a deep tissue massage, and what I got was more along the lines of a Swedish massage. Swedish massages are great if you just want to relax, but I was in need of some major work around my shoulder/upper back area. I kept waiting for the treatment to go deeper, but it never did. I could have certainly mentioned something to the therapist, but she was a bit abrupt, so I didn't feel comfortable doing so. The treatment was lovely and relaxing, though not exactly what I was looking for. The amenities and other staff in the spa made up for both of these things, and for that I was very grateful.
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I make sure to make time to spend at Qua.  Is is my favorite spa in Vegas due to its incredible selection of treatments, as well as multiple sauna rooms and places to just sit and relax.I was here this past weekend and got the Hawaiian Lomi-Lomi massage from Jeremy, who did a great job! Other than that I enjoyed just sitting and relaxing on their heated chairs in the Roman baths area.  The staff is always super friendly, and the spa is kept immaculately clean.
3	Visited here during the vacation to Vegas and Qua never disappoints. Nice facilities, and lots of attendants to provide service when needed. Was rather surprised that they decided to charge $100 (or 105) for a day pass on the weekend when it was "only" $45 last Fall. The arctic room isn't really very cold, so that name is misleading, and the lights in the steamroom are rather bright and interfere with relaxing quite a bit. They need lower wattage bulbs or something.The deep tissue massage by Chris was very good. He was very thorough and got all of the right force where needed.Unless you are a high roller, $100 per visit will keep a lot of people away on the weekends.
5	I am not usually a spa guy but this place is amazing, very quiet, polite, well kept,  gorgeous and well worth coming back to! With all day access, I may just go again later today!
5	Great place to relax. Excellent staff, nice and clean facility!
4	I went to the Qua Spa as a birthday present to myself and enjoyed every minute of it.  I had their Sand and Foam treatment which was fantastic and spent a couple of hours in the spa itself.  First, the facilities. They have a large room by the spa attendant's desk that has the tepid, cold, and hot pools along with heated tiled loungers on an elevated level.  There were stairs on each side and there was a lift on one side that would allow a wheelchair user to get up to the pools.  There were also two shower stalls along with the rain shower that was centered around the pools.  I have to say the tepid pool was my favorite and it's also the largest.  It was just warm enough to be really comfortable without feeling like I was cooking if I stayed in too long.  It also had two benches in it that allowed you lay down in the pool.  The hot pool was nice and I did not try the cold pool.Down the hall is a changing room, locker room, waiting/reading room with coffee, juice, cold beverages, iced tea, fruit and snacks.  Further down is another hot tub that is much larger than the one in the first area.  It's also raised access but I did not see any means for mobility impaired person to get there.  They have a dry sauna which I thought was kept at the perfect temperature, a steam room which I thought smelled a little musty, and a cold room.  The cold room really was a great break from all the hot water and rooms.  The only problem was that I couldn't really relax or stay in there long because the machine that makes the "snow" for that room was really loud and had a high pitched noise going on that just grated. There was one odd thing about this spa and that was you couldn't make your own hot tea.  They had a set of the teas available under a glass display and you needed to ask an attendant to get the tea even though the hot water dispenser was out with the tea display.   It didn't bother me enough to ask why they do it this way but it may make it difficult for you to get a nice hot cuppa (and it was good tea) if the spa is busy.They have a water extractor for your bathing suits if you use them (it's clothing optional); nice showers with multiple heads and pump containers of wash, shampoo, and conditioner; and a decent area with sinks, hair dryers, brushes and combs, spray deodorant and hair spray.   The only thing missing was tooth brushes which I've seen at most spas but they do have mouth wash.Next, the service.  The sand and foam uses the wet room with the Vichy shower heads which I had not tried before.  I can say that I enjoyed the experience and will definitely try more services like that.  It started with a scrub that was washed off with the Vichy and a hand held shower head, then a moisturizer was applied.  It also included an oil hair treatment and head massage that was not part of the description on the web site but which I enjoyed.  Be aware that they do a "diaper" drape on you which is basically covering your crack on the back side and just fanning it out a little to cover your bits along with a strip over the breasts on the front side.   They also scrub and lotion your midsection which some people may not be comfortable with.  The only issue I had with the treatment was that when you were laying on your back, the shower water was splashing in your nose.  It was annoying but not enough for me to ask her to move the heads but I'm sure they would if you asked.All in all, this has been one of my best spa experiences.  The only thing I can think of that may be a deal breaker for people is that they do not have any co-ed spaces so a couple would not be able to have any time together in the spa areas. Additional - They do have just Spa access passes for the day but they're pretty pricy if you are not a hotel guest.  For the weekend non-hotel guest pass it's $100 so it was worth it to get a service.  Also, they do provide a discount for Total Rewards members.
5	Who knew I could enjoy something else in Vegas besides eating, booze, gambling, women and shows. This place definitely is the place to get a massage but the better part of this was the spa facility you get to use. Located in Caesar's Palace. You get to use the spa if you get a massage treatment or for $45 you use the facility.They have Wet Saunas, Dry Saunas, Steam Room for shaving, Cold room, Roman baths, large jacuzzi and a lounge area to watch TV. I'm sure you could stay here as long as you want and enjoy their drinks and snacks. They also have a slew of  toiletries such as shaving cream, razors, gel, combs, hair dryer and pretty much anything you need.Tip 1: Don't have to worry about bringing anything besides your swimming trunks. Tip 2: You get to use the gym as well with your package so come earlier if your hotel doesn't have one or you are lucky enough to opt out of the resort fee.
5	This facility is seriously one of the best in the country! I spent an entire day between the sauna, steam room, facials, and a deep tissue massage and it was sheer heaven. Their selection of treatments is unrivaled and the interior is a marvel in and of itself. My masseuse (Chantily, I think her name was) was phenomenal and so attentive! I've been a few times and am certainly planning on going back! Make sure if you go on a weekend, you head over early in the morning as it can get pretty crowded though!
5	I am staying at Caesar's so I decided to get a massage. I booked a 50 minute deep tissue massage. I arrived shortly before my appointment and was given my ticket to enter. I walked into the spa and the fountains made it seem so peaceful. Inside, I signed in and was given a tour. There are many things to do besides simply get your treatment. There is the Roman baths, the whirlpool, the Arctic Ice room, herbal steam rooms, sauna. They provide all sorts of refreshments such as fruit, tea, coffee, etc. My masseuse was a Japanese lady named Michiko. She was really good. Probably the best deep tissue massage I've ever had. I used the whirlpool afterwards and it is clothing optional. I think guests should be warned about that prior to booking. I had some older ladies in swimsuits giving me the stink eye because I went in naked. Overall, the facility is beautiful, very luxurious and peaceful. Not to mention the value. For the massage, it was only $180 and that included everything, which is really reasonable (in my opinion, for Vegas).
5	Probably the best spa I've ever been to! My husband and I were staying at the Venetian for our honeymoon and wanted to do a spa day. After reading some not-so-good reviews of the facility at our own hotel, we decided to book at Qua and now we're already planning on staying at Caesar's on our next Vegas trip. I'm a fan of Korean-style spas with their pools and saunas so the Roman Baths definitely appealed to me. We came about an hour early to lounge around and relax. There are light refreshments and some magazines to read, but you're welcome to bring your own book, e-reader, or tablet. The showers are great and stocked with pretty much any amenities you'd need. I liked to alternate between the herbal steam room and the arctic ice room and then take a dip in a hot tub. We had the couples lomi lomi massage which was wonderful. It started with a body scrub and a refreshing rinse  in the two-person shower, then a nice long massage. I wasn't that familiar with the lomi lomi style, but it was very relaxing. A perfect conclusion to our honeymoon.Definitely give yourself plenty of time before and after your appointment to enjoy the facilities. The spa can be a little tricky to find since all casinos are rather labyrinthine, but once you're there you won't want to leave.
5	Simply the best day spa I've ever experienced. All others will pale in comparison. You have been warned.I've been going to Qua since 2007 but it just struck me that I have yet to write a review. Time to give Qua its much deserved five stars.I don't book any treatments here. I just pay the $45 for all day access and enjoy the quintessential gym and spa day. You honestly need nothing else.The sides are gender separate, meaning also that nudity is an option. If the sight of a 300 pound woman or 80 year old senior baring it all makes you uncomfortable, then you need more Vegas in your life.Qua has numerous Roman style baths of varying depths and temperatures. The heated stone chaises are ahmaazing; while the waterfall showers are sort of weak and a bit meh. Then there's the ice room, which rains bubbles down every 15 minutes. I like moving between this room and the eucalyptus steam room. So refreshing. And if you want some dimly lit quite time, the lounge area is fairly comfortable with an ample stock of various teas and fresh fruit.Getting all primped up afterward is easy too. They have everything. Including products you didn't even think you needed until you tried them; from luster sprays to volumizing foam and dry finishers. Lots of room to spread your make up and supplies around. Great lighting. Everyone walks out of here looking fresher faced and more relaxed. There isn't much more to say that hasn't been said by all these 5-star reviews. Vegas is hard enough on your body, so reward it once in a while by taking some time out at Qua. Once you do, it'll be so hard for you to go without. Who knew peace, quiet, and serenity could be so indulgent.
3	Loved the spa and amenities... But TV in the relaxation room???  Chairs there not great for lounging and reading.   But steam room and article room were great
1	I used to drop by this spa whenever I come to Vegas. I only come here because it's conveniently located next to bacchanal buffet. It used to be $45 for a day pass which is already pricey compares to many others spa I've been to and their treatment is also one of the most expensive I've seen for spa, and doesn't offer any additional amenities other than visual appeal. Shower and common area aren't cleaned frequent enough. Now that it's $75 it is just highway rubbery. There's zero improvement to justify the cost increase. Will not be coming back.
4	This was my first time to VEGAS but I gave been to many spas in my life. I live about an hour of Napa so have experienced some of the finest. Las Vegas can be overwhelming since all the hotels and casinos have over the top spas. I read many reviews before picking a hotel. Qua was a great experience and I was impressed with the amenities and Roman baths. My service was on a Tuesday so the place was not crowded. The Roman baths are a great experience and I highly rec them. The cold pool was too cold for me but the other two and the huge jacuzzi is perfect to relax. I also enjoyed sitting in the middle under the huge rain fall shower soaking up the quaint, relaxing atmosphere. After debating what service I wanted I decided on the signature hourglass treatment for 2 hours which cost $400. I saved about $80 buying spa finder gift cards from Costco. On that note, my gift cards didn't ship in time so I had a friend take a picture and text it to me. I was very happy with Qua's front desk who took my situation and processed the cards anyway. My spa attendant was Shauntele. She was great and suggested a nice custom treatment to my liking. I had a combination of a hot stone Lomi Lomi, facial, and hot oil scalp treatment . The stones were perfect and the massage was excellent. The hot oil scalp treatment was a real treat and really helped me to unwind and relax.WARNING -the only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because the facial was terrible. As an avid spa goer I have had one or two facials for the last 5 years. This was the only facial where a product was way too abrasive and burned by skin. It was some fruit enzyme scrub . My attendant even asked me to let her know when the pain was at a 6 or 7 -what I really didn't know what to expect . Even after my treatment my face still tingled and burned. Another note -The teas are nice but an attendant never paired it personally. In hindsight I will come back here but get a Vichy shower treatment in Liue of a facial. I don't feel that the correct products were used for my skin type.  Overall a great spa. They have swimsuit dryers, nice showers complete with shampoo, conditioner, wash, blow dryers, curling irons , and lockers . The robes are super comfortable.
5	Simply an amazing experience.  Was looking at places to book and I am beyond glad I decided on Qua.  As amazing as the pictures look online they simply don't do this place justice.  It is even more luxurious and tranquil in person.  Even if I wasn't coming for a massage I would pay just to use the facilities.  Almost want to go back again while we are here.
4	The grand tour of Las Vegas spas continues!After kicking off my Vegas weekend with an afternoon at the Aria Spa, I decided to finish off the weekend with the grandaddy of spas -- the Qua Spa at Caesars.This time I came prepared with a reservation for Qua's men's "poker face" facial.  The name doesn't really mean anything in particular -- it's just the generic men's facial.  But generic is good, since the aestheticians take the time to analyze your complexion and skin condition to customize a treatment for you.I'd give the facial a B.  It was definitely relaxing-- relaxing to the point of me dozing in and out of sleep several times.  I loved the papaya and pumpkin-scented enzyme masks.  And who doesn't like cucumbers on their eyes?  Unfortunately, the centerpiece of the facial was just deep-cleaning with a Clarisonic, which is fine, but something that can easily be done at home with a gadget that anyone can buy at CVS.  The "mini-massage" component of the facial was very gentle -- gentle to the point of not being able to feel anything.That said, my skin had a nice glow once the facial was done.  The best facial that I've ever experienced was the one at Sahra Spa at the Cosmo, and Qua's version didn't quite compare -- but let's not make the perfect the enemy of the good, amirite?Of course, Qua's common facilities are lovely as well.  There's a dry sauna, steam room, cold mist room, and a handy-dandy wet sauna for shaving or...umm...other "water sports" of your choosing.  There's also a ginormous hot tub, which was the perfect place to relax post-facial.  (I might've screwed myself over by getting chlorine all over my freshly exfoliated skin, though...)  The layout is a bit confusing and maze-like, but, luckily, signage is abundant.While nice, Qua's common facilities don't have the "wow" factor of other Vegas spas, either.  In fact, they're pretty spare and nowhere as extravagant as depicted in photographs on the website.   Plus, Qua is really freakin' expensive.  Thank the maker that the $75 admission fee was waived when I booked the facial, since there's no way in hell I'd pay that much for just a day pass.All in all, Qua is a nice option, but I think I'll stick to the Sahra Spa next time I need some skin rejuvenation in Vegas......
4	4.5 Stars!!I MUST be getting older, because the words "day spas", "relaxing", and "tea rooms" are more music to my ears than "day clubs" and "bottle service" haha!As a treat to myself for my birthday, I was researching for the perfect day spa to set my foot in and enjoy maximum zen.  I decided to go with Caesar's Palace since they had better reviews of their facility and had a more affordable couple's massage package than other hotels.  I booked my spa treatment and was given a great recommendation by the concierge- the Kama Sutra with Shirodhara for $450.  This couple's massage is actually not listed in their website, so I am glad I called.  I did ask for a breakdown and confirmation of the price and was promised a couple of times via email that I would receive the information, but ended up receiving the details AFTER I had already received my spa treatment :(QUA SPA (4 STARS):Qua is located by the Augustus towers.  Take the elevators right behind the Starbucks.  You are greeted by friendly staff members who check you in and send you on your way.  Knowing that I wanted to spend the whole day here, Andrew D. and I woke up early to get a workout in at their gym before our massage.  There are separate areas for the men and women, so Andrew D. and I went our own separate ways while dropping off our bags in the locker room.  I got a great tour of the facility by Michelle who let me know all the amenities that were available to me during my stay.  She saw that my bag was heavy and took it while she gave me the tour and gave me a headband since she noticed I didn't have one when I went to the gym. Thank you Michelle!Surprisingly though, Andrew D. did not receive the same stellar treatment.  He told the men's front desk that it was his first time there and they only showed him to his locker.  I had to text him occasionally to make sure he was aware of the different amenities he had.Caesar's palace fitness center is amazing! They have so many different machines available.  The attendants saw that I didn't have any headphones and gave me one to enjoy during my workout!  There are bananas, apples, towels, and water bottles a plenty in the front.  Their machines feel clean and each one comes with a clean towel ready for your use!After the gym, I took a quick shower, dried my hair, and perused their snack bar!  Look to the bottom of the snack bar counter because there is a fridge stocked with cold canned juices and waters galore.  Pretzels, bananas, and apples are also available for you there.  There is hot tea if that tickles your fancy.  I was reading my Games of Thrones book in the tea lounge and was so relaxed I almost dozed off a couple of times.I tried out the jacuzzi, herbal steam room, and sauna.  Each one was glorious!! I could stayed in there for forever!  Plus, I love that Qua is not stingy with their waters or towels.  They have them in abundance around the facility!I was a little sad that the Arctic room was out of order and that I didn't get to use the room with the 3 jacuzzis since there were EMTs that were there.  But, hopefully they will be available the next time I go!Qua showers are amazing!! They have the rain showerheads which are ALWAYS lovely!  My showers here were extra long because of how relaxing it made me feel.  I loved that there was a lock to the shower doors and you could hang your robe in a little section so it wouldn't get wet.  I am also glad I asked for razors and shaving cream since I had an event to go to that night!  They really do have everything imaginable here!  Hairdryer, hair curler, mouth wash, toothbrush, brushes, lotion, tampons, showercaps! You name it, they got it!For a more zen vibe, I would probably recommend sitting in the Lanconium room.  The chairs are heated and it is way more quiet than the spa.  There are sounds of hairdryers, television, dryers, chatter around the spa so I loved escaping into the lanconium for peace!!THE MASSAGE (5 STARS)If you are looking for a great couple's massage, look no further than the Kama Sutra with Shirodhara ($450) massage.  You are probably thinking, god damn, $450?  But! Trust me, it is really worth it!!  The treatment comes with the following:- Botanical oil poured onto your third eye chakra.- Full body exfoliation with a champagne seed body scrub.- Private in-room shower after the full body exfoliation.- Massage afterwards with oils.The whole treatment for you both is 80 minutes and you each will have a massage therapist working on you both.  Walking into the room was breathtaking!  There were 2 massage tables with the windows wide open with a beautiful view.  We did ask for the blinds to be closed for our treatment so that we could both enjoy the zen-ness of the moment AND also because we were both asked to strip down naked for the massage!  The aroma of the oils and thorough massage of every part of my body was pure HEAVEN!! I would definitely recommend this for any couple who want a treat!!
5	I have been to this spa twice now and it is absolutely beautiful.  I went once with my mom for a mother-daughter weekend and got a classic massage.  The masseuse was great and very professional.  All of the attendants at the spa are very friendly and they give you a tour each time you go to make sure you don't get lost!  This past weekend I went with my girlfriends after a night out.  We were all so relaxed and re-charged.  They have pretzels, fruit, iced tea, bottled water and hot tea.  One of the greatest features of the spa is that they have curling irons, straighteners, hair brushes, conditioner, shampoo etc.  So if you wanted to go straight from the spa to dinner or out you can!  Worth the experience!  Check it out!
5	I wanted a massage recently, so I recommended the Qua Baths and Spa at Caesar's.  And it was AMAZING!  With your massage, you get to use the incredible spas and baths until closing at 8pm.  The Turkish Baths are amazing.  The one rather off-putting thing is that because men and women each have their own areas, it is clothing optional, and most of the guys use the baths and the spas naked.  They will give you a pair of disposable shorts if you prefer not to be naked, or you can bring your own.  They have hot baths, warm baths and cold baths, depending on what you prefer.  All three are especially nice.  Then they also have wet saunas, dry saunas, and an ice sauna, which I've not heard of before, but it was incredible.  They also have a nice selection of juices, fruit, coffee, tea, and some snacks that are free to patrons.  They have great shower facilities.  And I just got a regular 80 minute massage, but it was incredibly relaxing.  I'm ready for another one.  Use of the baths/spa without the massage is worth it and it is $75 Mon-Thur and $100 Fri-Sun.  They open at 6am and you have use of it all day until they close at 8pm.  The staff is also very attentive.  They also have a full-service hair care center inside the spa as well.  I'm sure that is extra.  I did not ask.  If you need a good, relaxing experience, this is definitely the place to go.
5	I love coming to this wonderful amazing place.  I also love that huge spa bath! More importantly you juuust have to try out the Arctic room. You come out feeling terrific.  A must go to place in Las Vegas!
5	We stay at Caesars 3-4 times a year and every time Qua is a must! I always get the deep tissue with Jeremy, he's professional and does a great job! I love everything about this spa, it's the best I've ever been to!! #teamQUA
1	A year later... Unreturned phone calls and count less voicemails.  Only 15% of the cost of my stolen watch has been recovered.  I'm still shocked at what a scam this hotel and spa is.  Oh, they did comp my massage. After all, I was being robbed while getting it.  Which I had to ask for btw.  BEWARE!!!  While getting a massage, a spa attendant broke in to my locker and stole my $4,500 Baume & Mercier watch. I've learned from other people that their staff targets guests all the time and robs them.  Finally after months of litigation, a third party company gave me $700, hardly enough for a watch that cost $4,500.  Caesars and their management could care less.  Was shocked at the lack of accountability on the part of Caesars; hotel manager acted annoyed like I was bothering him!  Spend half my vacation at the police station filling out paperwork.  There needs to be an option for no stars.  This place is shady!
1	Regarding the review from 7-18-14 - my cousin just came in from the UK and all of his cash was also stolen from his locker when he went into the hot tub for 10 minutes.  I am not a fan of keyless entry as obviously there are dishonest watchers....He never got his massage and no resolution for the stolen cash.  I wish I would have seen that review before he booked this massage. How sad when you invite guests to visit and the first thing that happens is something like this.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Let me start off by saying this place has the best facilities in Vegas.  Treatments, on the other hand, are hit or miss.  I lived in Vegas for years and this was ALWAYS the spa I came to when I needed to wind down and relax.  My girlfriends and I loved the mineral pools and steam room.  The "Ice Room" is something that sounds good on paper but in reality isn't all that great.  It basically "snows" bubbles.  Meh.  It is nice to cool down in there after a steam or hot tub.  I could spend hours lounging on the heated chaises and going in and out of the pools.  The spa attendants there are the best at taking care of you.  Make sure to tip because those girls are fabulous.I've had massages there 3 times now and a facial once.  Sure, they were nice and relaxing but not anything to rave about.  I guess I still haven't found the right therapist there.  The last trip I was out there...I did my massages and facials at the Rio Salon and Spa and then did my just used the facilities at Qua.
2	Let me begin with a quote taken straight from the Caesar's Qua Baths and Spa official website:"Playing off its water motif, cooling blue tones, slate and stone set the mood as you explore Qua's many amenities or retreat to a chair in the Tea Room complete with Tea Sommelier."I always advise my friends not to play things up in their minds, because the fall is only that much harder from the heights that we all are capable of building in our minds. Unfortunately, I did not take my own advice on this one. : ) I had a vision of retiring to the snow room with my freshly brewed tea, made by the Tea Sommelier.  Coming from a heavily Asian influenced area, and recognizing both the health benefits and beauty of an individually brewed cup of tea, by none less than a Sommelier, I was really sold on this aspect.  Truthfully though, it is only instant tea packets for you to serve yourself.  When I asked about the Sommelier, the front desk had to call and ask management what a Sommelier was. Now, this alone was only one strike, but in truth, it was the final strike. I was also dissatisfied with the strands of hair that were left in the brushes, basking in the blue lights to disinfect, for your complimentary use; the salty pretzels (only snack if you happen to have been in a rush to get to your appointment); no disposable razors should you need shave in the shower; and most importantly...when asked to be in the "tea room, 5minutes before my service, I was picked up for my appointment 5 minutes after my start time. I was then released a few minutes early. I was not given a 50 minute time slot for my facial, and there was no massage in the hands or shoulders, rather a lathering of lotion that I just wanted to wipe off. And, after that lathering, I was left a tab (which I paid and tipped on prior to arrival) and asked to sign it, so as to add additional tip, if I so saw fit. AWKWARD! Most comical though was my interaction with the staff (wont mention name) who told me that the Tea Sommelier was on her lunch break, after I had been there for 2 hours and seen no one.  She kindly offered to make me an instant cup of tea. Eventually we were able to agree that no Tea Somellier was going to arrive after any lunch break. Lol. The spa itself was lovely, but I am a firm believer that when you advertise 50 min. service, you provide 50 minute service. When you advertise Tea Somellier, you have one on site.  If it's no longer available, the website should have been fixed. I was researching the website for months before I booked this appointment (remember that the front desk did not even know what a Tea Somellier was so it gives you an idea of how long it had been since a Somellier had been on premises), and am looking at it a week later and it has not been updated. There is no rush on Caesars part to correct their advertising practices. That is shameful. My advice: I went to Golden Nugget Spa two days in a row before Qua and had a fantastic time. The services were better!! The spa itself is not as great as Qua, but at least their refreshments are better, their brushes are disposable, razors available, and the price is literally 1/3 the price of Qua. At least that's what I paid each of the two days. They run specials, list discounts on their website, which I took advantage of. Literally, $80, included the discounted price of the service and the 20% on the FULL cost not discounted cost of the price of the facial, massage or manicure. They also offer a better facial than Qua. Good luck and happy Spa..ing!!!
2	Las Vegas is chock full of spas. It takes something special to make me want to come check one out.For Qua, it was the arctic ice room. What an awesome idea!Too bad it was broke. We waited around for a few hours waiting for that, and kept getting told someone was going to come fix it. That never happened.We had to spend at least an hour waiting for and talking to management about getting a refund. To their credit we DID received one.
2	I have read about Qua for years and had higher expectations. Overall, it just seemed dirty. The ceiling in the Roman baths area was dingy, stained and scraping off. The shower raining from the ceiling looked to be covered in water build up. The trash cans were rusting and peeling, and the tubs themselves looked like they needed a good scrubbing with mildew right where the bubbles were shooting out. The famous Arctic Room featuring snowflakes must have been broken because it was just spitting out what appeared to be dried ice foam on the floor... When I walked into the private room for my massage, the bed was covered with a bright tropical sheet, which almost resembled a cheap Wal-Mart beach towel. The service was fine, and I loved the scent of the oil and lotion they used though, smelled like clementines. For the cost, I would go elsewhere though.
5	Great place for locals during the week...just purchase a day pass. Definitely worth the $55. You can spend the entire day relaxing. There is a gym, 3 roman baths, a hot tub, dry sauna, steam sauna, arctic ice room, a lounge area, and really nice showers. They provide all the robes, towels, sandals, and toiletries.  If you're going for the day, go to the VIP Valet area...it's also the Spa valet! No walking through the casino!
5	This is as posh as it gets for the regular middle class peeps! This spa is huge and very nicely decorated.  We arrived with time to enjoy the entire place before and after our treatments.All the pools were nice - some are hot, some warm.  The saunas, snow room, etc are all pretty neat.  The "quiet room" where you wait for your treatment was not so quiet when we were there, but that was partially the fault of the high volume of women who were waiting for treatments then and also the fault of one very noisy customer who seemed to be out to just complain.  Overall I did find it a bit too crowded when we arrived at about 5pm on a Saturday, but byt the time our treatments were done, it was pretty quiet and we had the spa almost to ourselves around 7.My friend and I both tried the Clementine Massage and Sugar Foot Scrub. It was $240 and well worth it.  The treatment room and massage bed were very comfortable, and I thought my therapist was great.  Let's just say that I didn't want to leave!  I'll be back to enjoy this place again in the future!Qua also excepts SpaWish/SpaFinder gift cards (get them at 20% off at Costco).
3	Visited Qua a few weeks ago while in town a few days.  Seems like compared to visits in the past, the prices go up and the offerings and amenities go down.  They used to provide fresh fruit and iced waters on the table by the sauna/steamroom--gone.They do have good saunas and steam rooms, and an "arctic" room that is about 55 degs or so, not quite arctic.  There were lots of people when I was visiting, so the cost of the admission at $75 or whatever for a weekday wasn't much of a deterrrent to crowds.For some reason, they feel they need to be the only spa on the Strip with a full-time security gaurd to monitor for inappropriate activity in the showers and steamroom areas.   Maybe they could save the cost of the guard and remove that feature and restore the fresh fruit and ice water by the steamroom.
5	This spa was absolutely amazing! The staff was super nice and the ambiance was mellow and calming. The facility has so many different pools and saunas. It is definitely my favorite spa. Next time, I would check in earlier and spend the entire day there instead of just the massage and a little time in the sauna. Overall, amazing place! Super pricey though, but well worth it.
5	I need a Snow Room in my house, there's no question.  And even though it's probably a big gimmicky to be in a room where snow is coming down from the ceiling, I had to stand under it the whole time, I was too tickled pink to think of myself standing under this in the middle of the desert.So, don't tell anyone, but my wife is a bit (very) snobbish when it comes to her spa rituals, and found the level of service here compared to the spa at Mandarin Oriental not the same.    But really. you just have to go.  Especially for guys.  Go for the pools, go for the shaving steam room, go for the fricking snow room and just take it all in.  They also have a great waiting room with chairs and a TV, where I was watching football for an hour that Sunday afternoon.  What this place lacks in services, it more than makes up for it with its pools and saunas.Besides the baths and saunas, I got an 80 min massage, and quite honestly didn't even know where I was after that.  The whole place was just terrific, as well as the staff members working there.Will definitely hit this spot up next time I visit unless I loose my ass off at the casino.
2	Not impressed. I found it odd that they had a full time security guard roaming the entire spa looking at everyone. Made things a little awkward when you want to relax. I also did not appreciate timing my 50 minute massage and having it clock in at just 41 - very unprofessional. With so many other options in Las Vegas, I won't be returning to Qua anytime soon.
5	If you need little girly girly time... Girl...hit this spot here! Fo sho! Omg I go here with friends and it's always a great experience. Sooooo relaxing! I love it! This is when I say VIVA LAS VEGAS! Mm forget the gambling because this spa is already a sure winner :)
5	Incredible.   I had a hard time finding which bath or steam room  to lounge in longer. The temperatures in each pool, overhead shower and steam room were spot on.  They have tea and fruit to keep you feeling full.This spa was by far the nicest I've ever been in and I'm ready to go back!
5	Relax to the max!  This is probably the best spa in town for many reasons: they have an arctic chill room, dry sauna, herbal steam room, jacuzzi, lounges with TV and hot/cold tea and snacks!  You could spend all day there getting detoxed. I've had several massages and they were all top notch. My sis had a Chatty Cathy during her one massage but I haven't experienced that. One thing to know is if you're female and the therapist is a male you have to kind if go to the men's side and wait - it's a little awkward so I always ask for female technicians.
5	This is the best spa in Las Vegas! I've been to six different spas because I try a new one each trip, and Caesars is by far the best! It's huge and there's a lot of jacuzzis with different water temperatures. It's such a great experience! Highly recommend!
5	Unreal. Surreal. Tranquil. Wonder-filled. Awesome-il.Those are all words I would use to describe Qua and then some. Qua is a slice of a heaven amidst the sin-soaked Strip. A quiet slice of heaven, which is pretty damn remarkable given its location. It was almost eerie going from the hustle and bustle of the Forum Shops and the casino to the quiet 2nd floor of the Augustus Tower where Qua awaited us. Upon arrival, you're lead down a long hall with waterfalls here and there. We hadn't even checked in yet and were already welcomed with tranquility. The front desk folks were pleasant and took care of checking in our little group of 3. Upon entrance to the women's side of the spa, we were given sandals and lead to the locker rooms where our luxurious, supremely comfy robes awaited us. After changing, it was time to explore Qua and all it had to offer. It all begins in the tea lounge, which is where you wait to be called for services. I had an appointment for the Qua signature facial, but was so happy with this service that I wish I had booked more! After facials, my friends and I tried all the amenities: hot tub, saunas, arctic room, pools. We spent the most time in the pool room and a lovely time catching up in a pool of warm water with running jets. When it was time to leave, we took advantage of the showers and grooming area. Qua has everything you need: shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryer, straightener, curling iron -- you name it, they had it. Qua was a delightful experience. It's perfect for those who need some much-needed R&R while on the Strip.
