4	Thai Noodle House is an unassuming but delicious little place across the street from the Chinatown shopping center. The noodles were solid, as were the potstickers (crispy) with house sauce. My friend ordered the papaya salad, which he brazenly asked for "extra spicy." The Thais know their spicy, not to be taken lightly. We were crying and couldn't even finish the dish, but then again we are little white pussies. But kudos to this place for giving it to us as we'd asked. I'm all for getting an authentic eating experience in exchange for 20 minutes of shitting fire. It's a fair trade in my opinion. Isn't that why God invented ass cream?
4	Small hole-in-the-wall type of restaurant with big and delicious dishes.  My wife and I tried pad thai, tom yum noodle soup, and papaya salad.  All of them were good.  Just like the other reviewer said, if you do not plan to "shit fire", do not ask for spicy dishes.  We asked for "medium" papaya salad and we were almost crying while eating it.  But man... was it tasty!We decided to come back the next day to try some other dishes.  This time we had Three Companion (grilled chicken with sticky rice and papaya salad on the side), and fried chicken over fried rice, and more pad thai.  I didn't care for the sticky rice, but the grilled chicken was delicious.  High marks for the fried chicken over fried rice as well.  As a bonus, on the to-go menu, there is a coupon for free appetizer combo (egg rolls, fried wonton, and fried tofu) for purchase over $20.  They are not very good, but hey... they are free!Overall, good place and we'll definitely go back when we are back in Vegas.  Most dishes are between $6-$7, which is right on our budget.
3	5 Star service, this place is very homely and hidden on the side of Wynn road.  It must compete with Dai jung gum (korean place) and Pho.  I think that their dishes are very homestyle:  The Panang and Veggie green curries are reminiscent of that from a can that I can make at home.  Their soup that comes with the lunch special however, is spectacular- No MSG and sweet from overloading of chicken and veggies.  I had the Sliced beef noodle soup, Thai style. I was anticipating something spicy sour and sweet, but instead it's just beefy broth and thin pho-like noodles...  Not quite the kind they have in texas
5	This place was a surprise find. I love how small and intimate it is. I only moved to Las Vegas a couple weeks ago and I've had the yellow curry with chicken twice already. It's super yummy!I'll be back soon to satisfy my Thai fix.
4	We couldn't figure out what to eat driving down spring mountain.  With 9 of us walking into an empty restaurant, we were expecting disappointment.  The restaurant started to fill up slowly.  Only problem was there was only 1 server, and two kitchen people.  The food took awhile to come out...one dish at a time.  But it was worth the wait.  We loved all of our dishes, great portions (can easily serve 2), and great price!  Their tom yum soup, flat noodles, pad thai, fried chicken with fried rice, and duc noodle soup was my favorite!
4	i love surprisingly yummy restaurants in strip malls.  unassuming hole in the walls are my favorites.  as for thai noodle house, this one is definitely one of those.  it's tucked away on the wynn road side of The Center at Spring Mountain.  It's a small place, so it can definitely get busy.  The one server slaving away is always very nice despite the rush!i'm no thai food connoisseur, but this place tasted as good as all the mall food in thailand.  yup.  i like it.Dishes that I have tried:1.  Pad thai2.  Spicy Basil Noodles3.  Spicy Basil Fried Rice4.  Yellow Curry Fried Rice5.  Tom Yum Gong Soup6.  Their salmon special... forget what it's called
5	This was our favorite Vegas restaurant experience. It was cheap, and it was the best thai food I've had in the US (granted that I've only had thai food in a central PA college town). We first had fried dumplies, which had great presentation and tasted wonderful. The satay sauce that they added was particularly yummy. We then shared the payaya salad mild (thank you yelp reviewers!!!) and it was delicious and still very spicy. I had never had this dish before, and loved it.Then, we shared Khua-Kai Rice Noodles. A giant portion of stir-fried noodles, chicken, egg, bean sprouts and green onions. All this served in a delicious slightly spicy sauce.The place itself is very simple. About 6-8 tables, a flatscreen TV, one cook and one waitress. The place is so small that I kept wondering where they put their ingredients. The bill came, $20! We couldn't have been happier.
4	Inexpensive. Small. Friendly.The pot stickers, papaya salad, noodles with shrimp, fried rice with pork, yellow curry with chicken were all wonderful. Not as ambitious, nor as expensive, as Lotus, but very worthwhile.No alcohol so you might want to bring some wine, but make it a big, rich one to counter the spice. I was with a friend who lived in Thailand for awhile and he said it reminded him of a lot of the great little joints in Bangkok.
4	When I packed up my younger daughter and headed to Vegas for the weekend, my obliging yelper husband texted me several places to eat - either places he likes or yelp-finds. This one was a yelp-find and a real winner. We were having dinner w/my brother, who lives in Hiroshima, so he's hard to impress when it comes to Americanized Asian food. He liked it too.To start w/the negative, the pad thai was bland. It just didn't knock my socks off and I LOVE pad thai. That was the only negative I could find. That said, we ordered chicken satay and pot stickers. Both were delicious. I had Panang Avocado w/salmon. Truly yummy! Bo had a green curry eggplant dish which came with shrimp. I hate eggplant so I didn't try it but I tasted a shrimp and green beans which were also really good. I just love a curry that makes your whole body warm. Anyway, each curry dish came with giant mounds of jasmine rice.The place is uber-reasonable and has "early hole in the wall" decor. You know the kind of place, nothing to look at but your taste buds dance. We had more than enough food and I think the bill was around $30 or $35 - big brother paid.I'd go back in a heartbeat. Who needs overpriced/mediocre on the strip. I'll take cheap and tasty any day.
5	Great place for noodles.  Most of the dishes are Thai in origin.  This place is one of my favorites whenever I have a random Sunday afternoon noodle craving.  It is a small place, and that fact lends it a certain level of uniqueness and character.  Everything I have had in this place is awesome, from the dishes to the drinks.  A++
4	This is my most frequently visited place.  Everything on the menu is great but I usully stick to the pork and fishball soup noodles.  Whenever I'm craving for something quick, filling, and satisfying. I head to Thai Noodle!
5	HIdden MF'ing gem in Las Vegas.  If you have a car or are not afraid to venture off the strip for some cheap, good eats, this is the spot to go!It was a lenten friday on our vacation, so we were on the search for some seafood.  We didn't feel like paying $30 for a buffet or eating some fried fish sandwich from a fast food joint, so one of us came up with the great idea to have some Thai food.  Yelp to the rescue!We were about a mile from this place, and a 4.5 star average?  We can't lose.  And we definitely did not.  We started off by sharing the seafood tom yum soup, which was delicious.  It had shrimps, mussels, squid, and fish balls.  We ordered it medium, but would have definitely been ok with mild, as we were all dripping in sweat by the time we took our 2nd and 3rd bites.  For my entree, I went with the green curry with shrimp.  I wish there was more shrimp, but the food itself was very well prepared and tasted great.  Other entrees on my table were pad thai, 5 spiced (?) salmon, and some other fried red curry salmon.  It was meat-less friday remember?  haha  All of us had nothing but positives to say about our dishes.  And, all the dishes were less than $10.  Score!The service here is excellent as well.  Seeing our sweat soaked faces, the waitresses were quick to refill our waters and even put the fan next to us.  Lol.  I have never been anywhere that would actually do that for you.  hahaParking is a bit weird here.  I did not see a parking lot, except for the one across the street, so we had to play frogger in Las Vegas chinatown, which was another adventure in itself.  Overall, food is excellent and I will be back.
5	Fantastic service by a very knowledgeable young lady.Food quality was very good.  Papaya Salad was off the charts spicy.Pad Thai was nice, not the bestLoved that she accommodated my whims with a vegetarian menu, and then was very specific about what items would be used in my veggie pad thai.  Great Thai Iced Tea as well.  For sure going back, when I am back in Vegas.
5	It's been a few years that one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant went out of business (Owner sold and went back to home country).  One of those places that just the owner and his wife working serving really cheap and good authentic dishes.   I've eaten at plenty of Thai places after and this one is tops in value and taste !            I'm glad to see this place is getting the recognition it deserves.  The location is hidden, but it goes to show that the location doesn't matter if the food is great.  I've had the Khua Kai rice noodles, crab fried rice, and beef lad nar.  Yummy flavors and good portions.  The service was good to top it off.           I've eaten during the busy lunchtime  and have noticed that local Thais eating and picking food up.  They must know something.       I try to stop by whenever I go towards Chinatown.
3	Came after reading this is one of Misti Y's favorite spots and wanting to bring mom in law and gma in law somewhere different.  It's one of those restaurants that feel like a secret. I know I've seen it before, but it's so easy to overlook and pass by because of it's location on the end of the Plaza. I have for years now even though we frequently in the area...just has been passed up for its more easily seen neighborhoods. Shame, wish I came in sooner! Ordered up Pork Pad Se Ew, Pork Larb, Chicken Panang, and Beef Mongolian. Mom and Gma never had Pad Se Ew, but loved it here. It was indeedy delicious and the Chinese broccoli was particularly fresh and had a great snap on them. Scotts "thing" when coming to new Thai restaurants is ordering panang. It's a dish he feels helps judge the place as it's one of the most popular yet flavor complex dishes. Thai Noodles definitely passed his approval. It was well balanced curry base and the chicken was soft and juicy. I didn't think ma and gma would like as much as they did but it was their favorite dish of the evening. Even for a mild- it had a bit of spice to it, but not anything that will kill ya. A staple of mine is pork larb. I just love lime and chili based salads and theirs was yummy. I like the ground pork was still slightly bigger pieces...some places it's such a tiny grind that it get's a bit dry and "sandy" in a way. Everyone thought it was good, but again I think I was being selfish ordering this since I'm the only one who loves sour flavors. WIll be ordering this again- I practically ate this solo, but partly since I was hoarding. Now the disappointment was grandmas request- the Mongolian Beef. Firstly she was thinking this was like Chinese stirred with a thicker darker sauce, onions, leeks. This was in a lighter, I think mushroom based sauce and had carrots, peppers and straw mushrooms. It would have been alright, but the beef was a bit tough....maybe skip the beef next time?Prices are great, food comes out piping hot. Definitely some of their seafood dishes intrigued me so I will save those for another day since the in laws have this strong aversion to seafood and gets all weird even if we eat it. I saw they had on a specials board a green curry paste fried rice that sounds delicious and I'd love me some three companion (chicken, papaya salad, sticky rice) and beef jerky for the next time. Between this spot and Mix Zone Cafe, hard to decide a favorite contender, but they are both definitely on the short list as some of the best Thai curry I have had in Vegas. Will be back, soon I hope. :-)
3	3.5 to 4 stars. but I'm going to opt for a 3 star rating because yelp still hasn't let us give .5 ratings! so stupid. but anyways. the service was good. the food was good (not great). the prices were so so. for a hole in the wall place i'd expect each dish to be 6.5-8.5 dollars but they were actually all about 8-9.50. we had the calamari for an ap which i believe was 6.50 but worth every penny. the panang salmon was okay, avacodos and curry... interesting but it was okay. Ginger snapper was just okay as well... we wanted it deep fried but it didn't come out deep fried even though they said it was. Lets put it like this, it wasn't good enough for me to stop searching around vegas for the ultimate thai spot.
4	30 years of Thai food in Vegas. This one is very close to home cooking. The only thing  missing is the original PUD PED PLA DUK(Crispy cat fish in curry sauce). The cooks could not give me the answer why it is not on the  menu but they will add it soon. Someone said they are thinking of  opening  2nd one. Archy's did  it  and let the original place dies(death and gone forever)). I hope they are not going down the same path.
4	Visit #1: The moment I walked into this place, I knew it would be authentic... I was the only white guy there!  I ordered the Rad Na (Lad Na), and the green curry fried rice.  The Rad Na gravy was a little more bland than I am used to, but the taste of the wide noodles made up for it.  They were yummy with lots of flavor for noodles!  Also, the freshness of the Chinese Broccoli was 5 stars, and this definitely made up for the average gravy sauce.  The green curry fried rice was not greasy, but it was a little dry.  Still, the curry flavor was very good, and I would recommend it to those who like spicy Thai food.I will definitely be coming back to this Thai place.  I want to try their curries and see if they can compare to some of the authentic, delicious Thai curries I have been lucky enough to taste.  Hopefully, I will update this review further as I try more dishes at this little Thai restaurant.
4	This is not your typical Thai-themed restaurant with the obligatory portrait of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, pictures or paintings of the Floating Market, major temples (Wat), hanging shadow puppets or classical Thai dancers or elephants.  This is a no frills Thai food restaurant, that is decorated with t-shirts sold to tourists visiting Thailand.The food served here is not refined, but is delicious and comforting. I would describe it as the food one might expect to be served, when tagging along with their new college freshmen best dorm buddy (who is Thai, instead of the Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese ones I actually met back in college) going home for the weekend, with or without the nearly obligatory 2-weeks worth of laundry for mommy to wash.The service here is excellent when we visited this past Sunday.  It wasn't too busy when we arrived, and the waitress took her time to recommend the various dishes in each section of the menu to try, plus the specials they have posted on the wall by the t-shirts.  I opted for the Chicken Khua-Kai Rice Noodles (even though I really wanted to try their Pad Se Ew) and the portion was decent, and it hits the spot. My friend ordered the Yellow Curry (I like the flavor of the curry and it wasn't too spicy and will probably try it on my own in a future visit).  We also shared the Fried Shrimp Rolls appetizer, that came out piping hot with the Thai Sweet Chilli Sauce, I didn't really care for this appetizer and will probably not try it again in the future.Price-wise I was expecting it to be a little less, but I am sure their rent is not cheap, and they must charge enough to make it worthwhile to stay and run their business and continue to serve comforting Thai family cooking to locals and out of town guests.My rating thus far is 3.6 stars (rounding up to a 4).P.S.  Now that it is summer, I wonder if they have the traditional sticky rice with mango dessert?  Man I love those!
5	Went back to Vegas, went back to Thai Style Noodle House. Sat at the same table, ordered the same food. Jeez I sound boring. But I just loved it. This time I went with obliging yelper-husband and we split the yummy curry and the two appetizers. We both loved it.Word to the wise: I couldn't remember how hot I ordered it the first time. Husband likes things hotter than I do so we compromised and ordered a 5 (out of 10). Husband said he'd go down to 4 next time and I said I'd go down to 3. So keep in mind that they're serious about the spicy.
5	5 stars for hole-in-the-wall Thai - great food, bargain prices, basic atmosphere...often that's just what I'm looking for as a foodie.I've tried a number of Thai places in Vegas and this is the best by far.  Thai Style Noodle House could hold it's own in the Bay area...and that's saying something!As any good Thai restaurant should - TSNH brings the heat so aficionados can rest assured they will get the goods.  Thai newbies - I wouldn't order above a 5 (they do 1-10 on the heat scale).This will be one of my go-to spots in Vegas from now on!
3	Visit #2:This was slightly less exciting than my last visit.  I had the pot stickers, Red Curry with Duck, and mango with sweet sticky rice.  The pot stickers were very appetizing.  They were very well prepared, and had an interesting sauce that is reminiscent of a thick creamy sauce that would be served at a Japanese restaurant.  Perhaps not authentic, but very tasty.  Next up was the Red Curry with Duck.  I was a little disappointed with this, enough to the point that I am giving this review three stars.  Although the ingredients tasted fresh, I felt that there wasn't enough meat and other fillers in the curry.  The pineapple chunks were fresh and not canned, but very small.  On the good side, the curry was styled how I prefer Thai curry; soupy over white rice.  However the flavor of the curry was a little bland compared to the bold tastes of the (old) Thai Grill.  The duck meat was tasty, but again seemed to be skimpy.  The mango with sticky rice was good, but I've had better.  The mango was sliced very thin, which was impressive.  The taste of the mango was a little bland though; I've had sweeter mangoes at another Thai restaurant.  I realize that these can be seasonal, and even the other Thai restaurant is having trouble getting good mangoes this year it seems.  The sweet sticky rice was yummy, although a little soggy from the coconut juice.  I've had better sweet sticky rice that wasn't soggy at all, so I'll have to rate this as good, but not great as well.Overall, this was a more disappointing meal for me compared to the previous visit, but I would still eat here again.  I think that where Thai Style Noodle House shines is with its noodle dishes.  I will be sticking to these when I go there.
4	Due to special circumstances, decided to try Thai Style Noodle House for Father's Day lunch as opposed to a more formal lunch/brunch option.Wound up to be an excellent choice - service was very nice from several of the restaurant staff, and quality of food was very good - enjoyed the pork larb (a little different than what I usually see it prepared, but good nonetheless), bowl of BBQ pork egg noodle soup, Panang and Pad Thai - all was very good quality.Restaurant was small and had to wait a few minutes to get a table, but was clean and staff was friendly - definitely a very good option for solid and honest thai food with some chinese style soup options.
5	One of the best, if not the best pad thai in Vegas. The soups are also very good.
5	Delicious food!! Worth driving off the beaten path for great food. I will always come here when I'm in Vegas.
4	Thanks to Misti Y's review tipping me off to the vegan-friendliness of this place, I have expanded my realm of Las Vegas Thai food! Important note: do no use google maps to find this place, because you will end up at a XXX bookstore.  Which is cool if you need some porn to read over lunch, I guess, but annoying if you're just hungry.  The map shown here is correct (why didn't I just trust Yelp??) - it's two doors down from Veggie Delight.So, yes, they are very accommodating with the vegetarian/vegan requests and happy to oblige.  I went at lunch, but ordered off the dinner menu.  Now, this may have been a mistake simply because they have an awesome lunch special! You can choose an appetizer (fried tofu, soup, or spring roll, I believe - the fried tofu looked awesome!) and one entree (~$5.45) or two (~$7.25).  That's a lot of food for cheap!We shared a papaya salad, green curry with tofu and vegetables, and chili basil fried rice with tofu and veg.  We ordered everything a 7 out of 10 spicy, and it was perfect (I do like pretty spicy food!).  First, let me give these folks some love for NOT putting the much-maligned baby corn in any of our food.  The mere appearance of those mutants is always a buzzkill when I'm about to dig into a dish.  Second, the portions were very generous.  I'm a hearty eater as is my friend, and we had enough leftovers for at least one of us to stuff ourselves again.  Third, everything was very tasty.  Maybe not the best I've ever had, but delicious enough for me to eat til I hurt.  Four, the prices! Cheeeeeaaaaaaaap! $6.95 for a huge entree? yes please!The ambiance was nil, but the service was friendly and fast, and I don't got to a tiny Thai place for lunch because of the ambiance.  This place is definitely going in the rotation, and next time hopefully I won't forget to order brown rice!
4	Thanks fellow Yelpers for sending me to this place... yummy Thai take out was achieved!This is a total dive, but fine for take out, and close to the Wynn and the Trump, just a five minute drive off the strip.I had the papaya salad, and it was spicy, sweet and crunchy, with roasted peanuts on top.  Then I had the beef Pad See Ew, which was decent.One tip for folks looking for looking for something different, this place is located in a strip mall that is crammed with Vietnamese, Chinese, Thai and Korean restaurant.  Just drive down to that area, and there are lots of interesting places to check out.
4	I am in Vegas at least twice a month for work and this spot is on my must visit list for dinner every time!  I am a big fan of mom and pop establishments and this one is on my favorites list for sure!  The service is always friendly and the food is always made to order.  My staples off the menu are the Pad Kee Mow noodles (I think they call them spicy basil noodles or something), fried rice, and penang curry.  The dishes are consistently tasty and the ingredients are fresh.  Give it a try!  You will not be dissapointed!  They are opening another location this week I believe.
4	Great food. Ordered the rad na and the fried calamari and will definitely be back again.
5	WTF!!! Hands down the best thai restaurant here in Vegas! The price for everything was good, food was excellent! Came here with 6 of my friends, ordered about 7 dishes which were all good! I recommend the crab fried rice, panang curry and of course phad thai! You will not be disappointed!! This truly deserves a 5 star! wished they served beer tho;)
4	Great food, good price.  Some of the best phad thai ever.
4	Great value for Thai food. Little mom n pop place in Chinatown. Always friendly. Most entrees around $7-8. Good food.
5	I keep exploring Chinatown lately and based on reviews decided to have a quick lunch at this establishment. It's probably the best Thai lunch special that I've got so far. I had yellow chicken curry and pork par ram. It was all good but I should probably order it spicier next time... my fault :). Total lunch cost with Thai ice tea (can never skip that) was $10 + tips.I wonder what else am I going to discover in that area...
5	My favorite Thai Restaurant in Las Vegas. It's a hidden little restaurant by chinatown. I ordered the House Special Tom Yum Noodle dish for lunch along with the Papaya salad. I also ordered to go the Duck Fried Rice, Pad See Ewe and even Pad Thai (which is not my fav Thai dish) and all three were amazing.Price wasn't even expensive. Under $8.00 dishes. I love it!
4	Visit #3:I recently had the Chu-Che Salmon, which is a salmon dish with a panang-like curry.  This was a very good dish, with a strong, flavorful curry.  The salmon was nicely cooked with a hint of char.  There was a white, creamy sauce on top of the salmon that helped push the taste of the curry over the top for me.  The panang was slightly thick, as panangs tend to be.  I was very impressed with the flavor, much better than the last curry I had here... not sweet, and full of unique flavors.  Apparently this is a new dish, and if this is any indication of the potential flavors of the other curries, maybe my last visit was a fluke.  I am officially putting Thai Style Noodle House on my Best of Thai list!
4	I've heard so much about Thai Style Noodle House from my vegan friend Don before I joined Yelp. And then, the accolades came pouring for this hole in the wall joint on Yelp. Of course, I had to come see for myself. I'm surprised it's taken me this long.We entered the restaurant and it was exactly as I expected. T shirts on the wall, a couple of small pictures hanging up, old tables and chairs. The 2 waitresses for the night were having their own dinner in the corner but they were quick to give us the menus and take our drink order. I appreciated that. While we looked at the menu, the waitress was kind enough to ask us if we were meat-challenged and then whipped out a vegetarian menu for us to order from. Yay! Our order tonight:Papaya Salad : Green Beans, slivered raw papaya, tomatoes in a tangy, sweet dressing with just a hint of spice after every mouthful. I was licking the plate clean. I thoroughly enjoyed this saladBasil Fried Rice with Fried Tofu : My husband's order. I ended up eating lots of it. The fried tofu tasted divine. Honestly, there wasn't much of the basil flavoring in the rice but I still thought it was tasty. My husband wasn't a big fan as he thought it didn't really taste like how it was supposed to (he swears by Komol's Basil Fried Rice)Green Beans and Tofu in a Red Curry Paste : This was my least favorite of the 3 dishes we ordered. It tasted sort of strange...and very much like the red curry paste was processed. My husband actually quite enjoyed it and said there was a lemongrass taste to it that was pleasant but I have to differ on his opinion. Our total bill (including a 15% tip) came up to 25 bucks. This cannot be beat. Period.Yes, the portions can't feed 16 people and the restaurant might need some interior decorating intervention but I thought the taste of the food was good, the menu interesting, the service friendly and fast and the price very reasonable. I will definitely be back...maybe for a lunch special or the Khua Kai Noodles which sound so interesting. Komol still ranks my Number 1 in Thai favs but this little treasure has definitely earned a place in my go-to restaurants.
5	Hello Hello Hello, it's right here, yea, here, I want to say the best Thai restaurant in the states, so far. Only happen to visit once for my Vegas trip, but already dare to say they are good, like, real good. Knew it right away when I got in, the homey-look? that's where you'll find the real authentic food instead of the fancy one which usually will give you the american-style, it's a blah I know. So yea, I just wish I could go back there again, someday, yea?I believe I had their Pad se-eu, nicely made. Hey, it's a big 5 stars from me, check them out guys!
4	I thought I knew the China Town area well.  In fact,I've driven by this place several times but never noticed it.  Surrounded by all the other Asian eateries, you could easily miss this place.  A hidden gem or a homey restaurant, call it whatever you like.  The restaurant serves food that is bold in flavor and big on values.  I ordered the Tom Yum Noodle Soup with Flat Noodles in medium spicy (4 stars) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VrGI7_nRjXpn0415S3coGQ?select=hA9qHyguVw4DhYdtn7IgzQ.  The broth had the perfect amount of sourness.  I thought I could take it, but the medium was quite spicy.  Next time I'd go for 3/10.  My fiance ordered the Pad Thai (3 stars)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VrGI7_nRjXpn0415S3coGQ?select=S3VtsgqrAlnTZKTrTwo5jQ  The noodle was thinner and did not have purple cabbage or shredded carrots like most places, however, it had the right flavor and the right texture.  Realistically it's 3 1/2 stars, but I bumped it up to 4 because of the value and service.  This is definitely a neighborhood restaurant worthy of your support.
4	When I lived in the neighborhood, this was my go-to for pad thai. The service is always fast & friendly and the food is great!
5	How do you say "Wow" in Thai.  Wow.  While my friends got the highly recommended duck fried rice and the house special noodles, I ordered the pad thai.  I know, typical, but most people will agree that's how you can judge the average from the great Thai restaurants.  And it was awesome.  And the duck fried rice was so good, it was almost deserving of a take-out order for the road back to LA.  All I gotta say is "Only suckas eat on the strip" after this.
5	OKAAAY! So, this place is LEGIT! Thank youuuu Yelpers. I went two days in a row, and plan to return MANY times! Such a hidden location, and so quaint! But man, the food here is GOOD. DAY 1:2 BIG mugs of Thai Iced Tea :)i especially love the huge beer mug they serve it in.Combo AppetizerLove the chicken satay! Mmm... and the onions and cucumbers in the small bowl! Everything else was pretty good. A nice way to start.Duck Fried Riceduuuuude, seriously, this was the hook once I opened up that tri-fold menu! It was deeeelicious, and I could not stop raving about how big the pieces of duck were in it!#S11The name of the actual dish slips my mind, but my boyfriend and I ordered it medium-spicy thinking it was going to be okay, but IT WAS HOT but not so hot to mask the actual food! I am not used to spice, but I ate it as fast as I could, still enjoying the dish, so as not to torture my inexperienced taste buds.DAY 2:Just ONE big mug of Thai Iced TeaThai Style Noodle House Pot StickersYou get 6 of them! They are deep fried and have 3 different sauces on them, something like a sweet mayo, then a teriyaki, and some sriracha all across the tops! Our waitress actually informed us it was the most popular appetizer ordered. Sold. It was a good mixture of sauces! Thought it would be too much, but it was great together.Seafood Rad-Na with WontonSaw this cute little dish hand-drawn/written on a piece of paper on the wall near us! Couldn't resist. This dish was decent, but still enjoyed it!Three Companions (Pork)The pork is soft! It's marinated I believe, and the papaya salad and sticky rice it comes with were all good!Then, a Thai Iced Tea to go.Okay, so all in all, both days, both bills were under $35! The portions were large! The service is off the hook! And the environment is so friendly! The waitress with the glasses is wonderful! She remembered us from the previous day! The bathrooms are clean, both boys and girls, and we were always checked up on!Thai Style Noodle House will definitely be a stop for me while in China Town. I do plan on returning to try the noodle soups, as I had seen several HUGE bowls of soup being served, and at reasonable prices! Forget my Pho during the winter! I'm coming HERE!
5	I love this place, It is not much to look at, but the staff does try to make it feel good and the personal touches are so sweet.I can't wait to work my way through the menu, it feels like a family joint.Really nice wait staff, and fast takeout!
4	I've officially found a Thai restaurant for every occasion ! I'm done trying new places, my Thai list is complete !Komol: Homey, good for dinner with friends, nice atmosphereArchi's: Americanized style stuffThai Style Noodle House: The perfect affordable lunch spotLotus of Siam: Gourmet all the way !!Comparing this place to Lotus is comparing apples to oranges. Ok, so they are both Thai but this is like comparing In n Out to the $20 ribeye burger at Bradley Ogden. For some of the best Thai food in the United States - try Lotus (think James Beard nomination! If you don't know what James Beard is, don't waste the time/money to dine at Lotus). For a great hole in the wall spot that won't let you down, Thai Noodle House is fabulous !Thai Iced Tea : The best rendition I've ever had. At $1.99, a killer deal.Duck Curry: A bit thin for my taste, but the duck was high quality and really yummy !!Fried rice with Chinese Sausage + bbq pork: well I guess this is more Chinese (they do call themselves Thai + Chinese after all), but regardless, it was delishPANANG CURRY WITH AVOCADO: This probably isn't authentic.. at all.. but WOW best curry I've had in my life. Honestly. I would put this up against tri color curry from mix zone any day. I will eat here over and over again for this freaking magical stuff ! Creamy, thick, delicious. Now that I've had it I think all curry should come with avocado!!In conclusion, this is that hole in the wall Thai place you've been on that quest to find in Vegas. Affordable, well executed, and some creative items I've never seen before ! I would never pit it against Lotus of Siam, but for what it is - it's awesome !
5	Best thai food outside of Thailand!!  I know I was just there last year!  And I always eat Thai food!  You must eat here if you go to vegas!
5	I have probably been to over 25 different Thai restaurants in my lifetime and I can tell you that this place was very good.  It is a small location that isn't much to look at, but the value and quality of the food surely cannot be beat.  My boyfriend and I had "Spicey noodles" (drunken noodles) and pad thai and both dishes were excellent.  We both had Thai Iced Tea and had the fried banana dish with ice cream.  The Thai Iced Tea drink was huge!  The desert was good to very good, I have had better and I have certainly had worse.  All of the items that we had ranged from good to excellent in quality.  The owners and operators of this establishment were very friendly and helpful (bad Google Maps directions got us lost).  The prices are probably among the lowest, if not the lowest that I have ever seen for Thai food.  Too bad I'm just on vacation and probably won't ever be able to return!
5	As a previous reviewer indicated, the restaurant is not much to look at from the outside.  However, the food was fantastic.  Having traveled the world, I rank this restaurant in my top 20.  The pricing was perfect, staff wonderful, and the food was phenomenal.   When I return to Vegas, this will be a sure stop.
5	I crave Tom Yum Soup every time I get sick... and so I went out in my quest to find it. Not only did I discover a new hole in a wall place, but I have to say is my new favorite place for this particular soup.The location is a hit and miss.. You can barely read anything that says Thai Restaurant, but instead look for Noodle House... you'll have a better chance in finding it. Even parking was bizarre to me... you can park in the back alley, but I prefer somewhat of a parking lot... so I parked a few blocks down and walked over.The place itself is tiny.. nothing fancy, maybe a bit run down, but they had a flat screen to watch some T.V. and posted up new items specials on the wall to read. I ordered their Thai Style Tom Yum House Soup ($6.50) which had slices of fish cake, fish balls, ground and slice pork, shrimp and chose flat noodles which I love!!! Something about the thin fat noodles that makes it so much more enjoyable.. Absolutely loved this combination. I also requested to add extra sliced garlic... and even though the server looked at me like whoa are you serious... I told her I was sick and needed the extra garlic to help me get well. Then she understood and added it on. She even sprinkled fried bits of garlic on top to finish it off. How sweeeeet!!!When the soup came... boy was it in a huge bowl. I was so delighted and happy to see such a generous portion given to little ol' me. Yes I blinked a few times out of excitement and joy to see this beauty of Tom Yum unfold before my very own eyes... the colors were beautiful and vibrant. Almost like looking through a warm sunset in Laguna Beach... Okay okay enough of day dreaming... but this soup was enticing to just look at and the aroma of sourness and spiciness just flowed all through my senses.. giving me this watery gulp of happiness. One sip and I was in LOooove. I literally said Aaaaaaaaaaaah. *sighed on how good this tasted. I mean the elements of tangy and spicy hit the right notes and everything blended ever so nicely. The pork meat was tender, fish cake and balls were soft and fluffy, and the flat noodles I can't stop raving about. I literally took half of the soup home and ate it twice throughout my day. It was still delicious and the flavor was still consistent to how it tasted at the restaurant. The only thing I would point out.. especially if you love shrimp... I only had one in my entire soup. Maybe it wasn't suppose to be in there... or it only comes with one lol Oh and I ordered some hot tea... which was Jasmine Tea and it was gooooood!!! I mean it almost had a light vanilla hint to it, but right when I was down to my last cup... the kind, attentive server asked if I would like more... and so I finished two tea pots of that delicious tea. I enjoyed sitting there by myself... drinking this tea for the enjoyment of having it. Great stuff....Overall, I will definitely recommend anybody to check this place out.. I was very pleased and felt 100x better after eating there. I even thought about eating there the next day!!! I'm going to be a regular... since this is my new Thai/Chinese restaurant that I can't get enough of. Maybe I'll even see you there :)*11/10/10I actually did eat there the next day LOL (Today) Lily I hope I spelled her name right.. served me again and this time it was for takeout. She recognized me on the spot and said... OOooh you're back!!! I told her I loved the soup and my body wanted more. Ordered the same as yesterday... Tom Yum House Soup... with extra sliced garlic. She even asked me if I wanted some hot tea to go while I wait... that tea was so good so of course I said yes!!! She even asked if I wanted it refilled before I go... how nice is that?!??! I told her I was sick and their soup was the cure for me... She sked me what my name was and before leaving suggest next time to order the original Tom Yum to help my sickness since it's more stronger. Lily wanted to introduce me to the lady chef that made my soup for me... and not me but She wanted to thank me for enjoying the soup she made. I thanked her for making it sooooo good!!! So good I had to come back the next day!! And that never happens... sometimes when you're sick... your body tells you what it needs... and sometimes you have to be your own bf/gf to your soul and feed it. I literally drove myself down there in traffic hours to get that soup. Yes my soul was determined :)  Great service, food, and price. It's a must try!!!*11/15/10Went for lunch and had their Spicy Eggplant and sticky rice w/ mango dessert which completed my meal. Lily, my favorite server... greeted me by name and welcomed me back. She was so attentive and remembered my request of extra garlic and put some fresh garlic slices on the side for me and got me my favorite hot tea in a flash. The Spicy Eggplant was delicious.. it's sauteed with bell pepper, white onion, Thai chili, and basil with the choice of pork, chicken, or beef... I chose chicken which was tender and juicy
5	Yummy! This place totally hit the spot after a night of drinking and dancing. I got the roasted duck noodle soup with flat noodles and oh man... that soup was so good. I love that there were no bones in there. Just good ol' roasted duck. I almost drank the whole bowl of soup. I did however down my thai iced coffee in like 5 minutes. My boyfriend got the pad see ewe and that was really good, though I don't know how you can go wrong with pad see ewe. Parking was not a problem. I'm definintely coming back the next time I hit Vegas.
4	The portions are humongous!! Two people can definitely share one lunch combo. Its such a great place to go for lunch, its really affordable, has great options, and huge portions. The vegetarian menu is fairly extensive. I've tried (and liked) the green curry, eggplant tofu, and pad-kee mao.  Definitely a great place to enjoy a lot of good food.
4	A little restaurant for the quick stop for Thai curry when hungry and in a hurry but enough time to sit and savor. Thai food is a favorite and this is authentic (to the Americanized palate. Authentic to me is being in Thailand with Thai ingredients), thus one of best Thai cuisine in Vegas. Tucked on a corner of Chinatown's shops, facing westside. Thai effervescence in the air will get you the hunger pangs. A photo menu book to aid your menu choices selection. Waitstaff attentive in service. My favorite is Yellow Curry with Pumpkin, Mixed Vegetables and Salmon made special order...request granted! with saucy flavor of coconut milk. Still affordable despite the additions to the order. Other variations of Salmon dish choices I try each time I visit. "Pad Thai" and "Hoi-Tod" (fried pancake with green mussels) is yummy. Spicy taste will add to the experience. Request the spicy hotness according to your "bravery". Thai cuisine lover or not, a good taste of spice!
5	Hubby & I were looking for good Thai food but we found GREAT Thai food.  We love it!!!
4	Great hole-in-the-wall! No atmosphere but terrific food!
5	Omg!! The best Tom yum noodle soup in Vegas!!! I am addicted to it!! Have to come here at least twice a week!!! Good food and it so cheap!
4	I was in Las Vegas for just a night and didn't wanna dine in the strip. I had narrowed it down to a couple of well-reviewed options outside the strip and chose 'Thai Style Noodle House' simply 'cuz I was craving something  spicy and hot. This small place seemed unimpressive went I entered in with a fierce waitress yelling out the orders. It was useful that we were handed a vegetarian menu as it just makes ordering so much easier. We ordered Fried string beans with peanut sauce (3 stars out of 5), Tom tum soup (5 on 5), Red curry (4 on 5) and Fried eggplant and tofu plate (5 on 5). At the end of the day, I would definitely recommend this place if you just want GOOD food.
5	if you live on the other side of town, don't forget they have a trop and ft. apache location. both are fantastic. i luvvvv #38 substitute bean sprouts with chinese broccoli. the duck curry is sooooo tasty. also the tom yum soup with egg noodle hits the spot my spot all the time. i guess food can come out a little slower when they are busy with diners and phone orders, but all dishes are fresh so it is worth it to me. check it out :)
5	tom. yum. noodle. soup. HOLLA! it was soooo good and totally hit the spot on a cold, windy day. i'll be back for sure to try the other stuff. =)
1	They must been having a bad day or something.  The green curry with chicken was very oily, was missing eggplant, and had raw green beans.  Also, the sweet rice side was really dry and hard.  The only thing really got right was the spice in the curry.  How do you serve raw green beans?
4	Hole in the wall in LV Chinatown. (I didn't know LV _had_ a Chinatown, but they do!)  Thai BBQ pork is rare outside SoCal but delicious. Spice was just right.  I wanted a snooty Thai meal while in LV but  with food this good why pay more?  Cheap and Yummy, just off the Strip.  Check it out!
2	Must have been an off day or something but the reviews i'm reading of this fine establishment does not reflect what was experienced.Met up a with a group of fellow yelpers for a meal before a UYE. Having come late i had to ask for a set of dining ware and plates as well as a beverage. Another from our party arrive late and again we had to ask for the starting setup, then the last came and again we had to ask for the initial setup. I couldnt identify the dishes ordered by the advanced party so i wont consider them in this review.The pad thai was sub par, didnt include enough peanuts nor was it arranged traditionally with the bean sprouts on top. Lime wedges werent included. Taste was alright but on the bland side. Plenty of prawns but light on the taste.The panang curry was a huge disappointment for me. the taste was very light and didnt have much of a curry taste. Had a lot of chicken but very little of anything else. Would have liked more bell peppers and bamboo shoots or anything.Seeing as everyone reviews highly so i intend on coming back in attempt to experience the hype.
3	Ok I was totally craving Thai food, especially since I haven't had any in 4 months. But we have been really scared to try any on Spring Mountain since they all look the same and we've been hurt before. =( Anyways, so yes, this is a hole in the wall, but it smells wonderful when you enter so we sit. Now in order to makesure we like something they bring us,  we order a ton of food like crazy. MAJOR NOTE: WHEN YOU SAY SPICY, THEY HEAR BURN BUTT SPICY. ORDER SPICY CAUTIOUSLY. 1. Potstickers - Pretty good, although a little salty. 2. BBQ Pork Wonton Soup - Very tasty, surprisingly our favorite. 3. Mongolian Beef - Good, sauce was a little runny and light flavor, but essentially good. 4. Orange Chicken - flavor good, but more batter than chicken, although it is really cheap so we really can't complain too much. 5. Spicy Basil Leaf - This is a version of my favorite dish, called other places Chili Mint chicken. At first it was so salty I couldn't eat it, but then I poured 1/2 a cup of the broth from our soup over the dish and it was perfect!! 6. Fried Banana's and vanilla ice cream - very yummy. So all of this food plus 3 Sprites cost us a whopping $44.00, and mind you the dish sizes were huge, most of the plates were still full. So all in all, a great hole in the wall Thai place, even though the chef is very heavy handed with the salt and chili.
4	We've been frequenting the Thai Style Noodle House's Fort Apache location quite a bit lately, and I wasn't even sure if I had been to their Wynn location yet.  I looked all over for my review of the place confirming whether or not I had been, and lo and behold, I find it in my "Unfinished Reviews" section.  So, here it is...finally.Thai Style Noodle House offers both Chinese and Thai food, but mostly Thai.  Our party of four ordered a few dishes to share so we could sample a bit of everything.* Beef / Pork Jerky "Beef / pork marinated in special Thai herb, dried in one sun and deep fried" ($6.95) - We chose the beef option and the Husband is the real expert on this since he tends to get it a lot.  I found it to be just okay though, it was a bit too dry for me.  (Whereas other places make their variation a bit more moist.)* Grill (Chicken, Pork, or Beef) Salad "Your choice of sliced meat cooked with red and green onions, mint leaves, ground roasted rice, chili, and lime dressing." ($6.95) - We chose the beef option and the Husband loved it.  I thought it was just okay and lacked something - a bit more sauce and zest would have been nice.  Then again, this is something that the Husband has had a lot of.* Roasted Duck Noodle Soup "Noodle with boneless sliced roasted duck and Yao Choy in Thai herb duck broth." ($6.95) - This wasn't my top choice to order, and it was just okay.  There was nothing special about the roast duck at all.* Pad See-eu "Stir fried flat rice noodle and egg, Chinese broccoli in sweet black soy sauce." ($6.75) - This was okay with chicken and greens, although it was a bit flat.* Red Curry "Thai red curry with your choice of chicken, pork, beef mixed with bell pepper, bamboo shoot and basil served over steamed rice." ($6.75) - We chose vegetarian with soft tofu and I'm always a big fan of Thai curries.  They didn't disappoint here - good flavor and spice.  This was the real winner for me and I definitely would be back to try out their other curries.We also had Thai iced teas all around.* Mango with Sweet Sticky Rice ($3.50)* Fried Ice Cream ($3.50) - It had a nice crunchy batter with little ruby-like things in condense milk.Things I do appreciate about Thai Style Noodle House is that there are a lot of vegan and vegetarian choices, and they don't charge for brown rice.  I also like when they offer you a choice on the tofu - soft or fried.Service - it was busy the evening we went and with one waitress, she was kept on her toes.  She was friendly and on the top of her game, but then again, Bobby Y. (a regular) was dining with us.  So I think that may have helped us there.3.5 stars(I'm confident that I would give them a four star if I go back and try out their other curry dishes.  But since I've been having them at their Fort Apache location, I can definitely say their curries are yum!)
5	This is probably as good as it gets for Thai food in Vegas.We arrived just before it got crowded. It was a Saturday, and right at 12 noon the place filled-up and there was a crowd waiting outside the door to be seated.  98% of the people in the place were Asian - which tells me right away that it's pretty damn authentic if the locals eat here.Their soups are fabulous and come in VERY large portions. I couldn't finish my soup it was so big.A good value for the money as well. The decor inside is very sparse and utilitarian but it's about the food here - not the ambiance. Go before noon or after 1:30 if you don't want to wait to be seated.
4	Another great Yelp find!Hubs and I just drove in from LA and wanted to grab some food before check in. I used Yelp to search for noodles nearby. First I thought of Pho Kim Long but why get Pho when Thai noodles are waaaaaaay better?!Hubs and I had:- Lard Na beef (my fav comfort dish)- Tom yum noodles soup (HUGE bowl!)- Beef jerky It felt so good knowing we were eating great Thai food off the strip. Off the strip = more money in my pocket!  We will definitley return. So good. So reasonably priced. Gem!
4	Hard to believe this place is right down the  strip from treasure island. Great Thai food and really cheap prices.Be prepared to wait around lunch or dinner times as the place is small. Must try..
3	After seeing the good reviews, I thought we should definitely try it out so I came here with 2 of my friends for dinner.  We were in the mood for some asian food so figured we couldn't go wrong with this place seeing that it had 4 1/2 stars from 69 reviewers.  I had the Roasted Duck Noodle Soup, my friends had a Combo Beef Noodle Soup and Chicken and Shrimp Silver Noodles.  For an appetizer we had Fried Tofu and we each had Iced Coffee.  The Iced Coffee was probably the best part of the meal (unfortunately).  The Fried Tofu was just ok...had much better from other places,  It was a little hard and not smooth and soft.  My Roasted Duck Noodle Soup was ok...tasted like it had a lot of MSG in it though.  My other friend said his Combo Beef Noodle Soup was ok, but it didn't have enough beef.  And my second friend was a bit disappointed with his meal...the chicken was kind of bland and the dish itself wasn't too flavorful.So overall, the meal wasn't bad...just not great.  I've had better Thai food but probably have had worse too.  Staff was friendly and polite though.
5	I just love Chinatown, even for the Thai food. My new favorite place to eat there is the discreet Thai Style Noodle House located adjacent to the large Chinatown plaza on Wynn Road (a second location on Ft. Apache and Trop opened last year). Not only does it offer some of the best Thai food in Vegas, but the prices are unbeatable.There isn't much of an ambience, but I like that quality in my favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants. And hole in the wall this is. They aren't bringing in drive by traffic, the signage isn't great, and you park in the delivery alley, but the crowd packed in (and sometimes waiting) at lunch speaks volumes of the food and value.The chicken larb, my husband's favorite, is top notch ($6.95). It wan't served traditionally with a cabbage wedge, but rather with chopped iceberg. Though this is a little unconventional, I liked the salad quality of the dish. The green curry fried rice ($7.95) is filled with fresh veggies and tender slices of pork, and has a slightly creamy quality. If there was risotto in Thailand, this would be it. I also enjoyed the Choo Chee Shrimp ($8.95) and Spicy Green Beans with silky chicken ($6.75). The Beef Noodle Soup ($6.50) had an exotic favor sweetened by spices, though the beef itself wasn't as tender as I would have liked.Everything on the menu is so inexpensive you won't worry about looking at the lunch special menu, but if you are dining alone or just not a "sharing" kind of eater, these options will allow you to try several different item combinations for under $7.Downside: If the place is very busy, it takes awhile to get your food. The servers are attentive and polite, however, so there is comfort in knowing it isn't taking forever because the staff is slacking off. My suggestion is to avoid peak times, or order take-out.
4	Mmmmmm.... Penang Curry. This is my all time favorite Thai dish and they made it just how I liked it. The taste of the curry with the hot spices weren't salty and that's what I found in some Thai restaurants. I did wish I would've eaten there as the restaurant had that local feeling to it. I imagine that's what one of the restaurants look like in Thailand, small and cozy. My bf ordered the BBQ Chicken over Fried Rice. He was very impressed with this dish, from the presentation to the flavors that married together. The charred taste of the chicken was also what made his taste buds happy. As a third dish, we ordered their pad Thai. I don't think I would order this again. Maybe I just am not a fan of pad Thai but I have had a better version of it. There was just something about the taste that didn't quite agree with my pallet.
4	I have had this place bookmarked for my last three trip to Vegas and I finally got here.  It is hard to find in the dark, even harder to park as it is on the street at the end of an industrial complex.  It is right across to the East from Chinatown Mall which also has parking problems during prime eating hours.My initial attraction to this place was from reviews by a few of my friends.  When I checked in I was impressed to find Misti, the Vegas CM, is the Duchess of this place.I chose a Thai iced tea to drink.  Even in my limited experience it was only OK but not great.  It got better from there.  As an appetizer I ordered shrimp rolls ($5.95) which were 6 large shrimp in a roll and deep fried with a peanut sauce.  For my entree I chose Rad-na with chicken.  It was very good but I feel I cheated myself of some flavor by ordering it mild rather than 3 or 4 on the spice scale.It is definitely a hole in the wall with basic decor.  The service was really great and the two young women were on top of their game while still being able to kid around with the regulars, it is a very comfortable place to visit.   While I was there both a sit down customer and a take out customer mentioned they had driven past the second location to go there because they did not like the food there as well.  I am sure by the comments that they are trying very hard to make them indistinguishable,I very much enjoyed my dinner here.
5	Excellent food. Just beware of green chillies :) Papaya salad was yummy and spicy :)Coconut soup was yumSpicy noodle greatEggplant was AvgPineapple shrimp curry was excellentThai tea and coffee was greatGreat food for great price
4	I was in Vegas for 4 nights and was lucky enough to come across this hidden gem in Chinatown. We were greeted with a smile from the waitress and sat at the table in the corner. There was no more than 8 tables, yes it's really small, quaint and nothing fancy. Aside from the atmosphere I was soooooo blown away with their dishes. All their food was fresh, full of flavor and they gave you enough food to satisfy for a nice price. This was one of the best meals I've had in Vegas! I HIGHLY recommend this place. Craving to go back...
4	Small little Thai restaurant in Chinatown! When we arrived right before lunch time on a Sunday, it wasn't too crowded, just one other table. We ordered and by the time our food arrived all the tables were full. I ordered the yen to fo noodles:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=KnaYT5QPzf1s79FqVfIg5QFlavor was good and I really liked that they added the fried wonton. I haven't had this soup for years, so it was nice to see it on the menu. And speaking of menu, they had such an extensive menu with lots of Thai dishes that you usually don't see. Everything we ordered was great. So if your in Vegas and your craving Thai food then this place is a great little Thai restaurant. By the time we headed off, there was a line next out the door waiting. After getting Thai food, make sure you also check out the poke place next door!
4	Oh this place is good!Their portions are more than enough, and everything tastes so home made!Its open late! Im not sure how late, but its open late, and this is my go to place after I get out of class and want to grab some good asian cuisine.
5	Situated on the corner end of the Long Asian Resataurant Filled strip mall was this Darn Good Thai Spot! Lunch Orders:Thai Style Noodle with Chicken: At first we were going to order their Thai Basil Dish and Pad See Ew.. The server suggested to try this dish since it was a hybrid of the Thai Basil and Pad See.. Great Portion, Flat Noodles AND Chicken were some of the tastiest I've had!! I usually go for Pork because usually beef and chicken just don't have that Yum factor.. Basil was perfectly balanced through out the dish. No Negatives what so ever!Duck Fried Rice: I think they used a brown grain rice or some fatter type of steamed rice that was cloaked in their saute oil/soy sauce or whatever they used to cook it?.. The duck  strips and shreds were sparringly spread but just enough to satisfy. Another nice portion and quite tasty as well.Thai Iced Tea: Typical, Creamy and Refreshing especially after all those scoops of red hot chile sauce!Little hole in the wall dishin' out  some Big flavored dishes!! Good Service and Prices for portions! I wil be back soon!
4	Cheap eats just minutes from the strip. :)
5	Before I hit my errands, I need some fuel for my mind and body. So what better way to fill my tank up with my favorite Thai restaurant. I actually drove down the street to drop off my clothes to the dry cleaners and next to it was a Thai place to eat, but even that couldn't stop me from driving another three miles to eat where my heart tells me.I was greeted ever so kindly when I walked in and it wasn't surprising that almost every seat was taken. Luckily it was only me, myself, and oh yea I that wanted to dine here this day. The server asked what I wanted to drink, unfortunately they didn't have the Chrysanthemum tea, so I did my usual hot tea, but even that is soothing and delicious... tasted like a light caramel tea, but it's really jasmine tea. I was debating on the Duck Fried Rice, since Lily (server) recommended it when I ate there a couple of months ago. But I wanted some soup for my soul, because today was a very chilly and windy day. I ordered the Chicken Tom Yum Noodle Soup, Flat (fat shoe lace) Noodles, since it just makes it more delicious to me... mild (5) for how spicy I want it and this time I didn't want to torture myself as I usually do ha! and extra diced garlic.. what??!? I love garlic ok it does the body good! The soup came out in zero time and I loved the way it smelled. The steam evaporated in the air in slow motion, made it looks so heavenly fresh and I had to take a snapshot of it against the sun.. it just looked so Food Digest front cover magazine-ish. I sipped the soup broth first, it was like liquid nitrous for my engine.. my eyes lit up and made my facial muscles break a happy smile. I literally said Mmmmm gulping it down... Yea tell me about it... sound good right??!? It tasted so good, my own body melted. It had bits of cilantro, diced green onion, bean sprouts, and TONS of chunky sliced white chicken meat. Loved the flat fat noodles... it was just the right amount to make me a full bear, where I could hibernate right then and there. But all that time I was enjoying my soup, I was also craving their Mango with Sweet Sticky Rice. I ordered that dessert right after and when it came out.. I heard from the table across from me whispering.. that dessert looks so good!! And then all this time, two guys watched me devour my lunch and then this delicious dessert... I heard him say to his friend.. Dayam that girl can eat!!! Dayam right I can!??!! I'm not shy when it comes to eating and definitely will eat to my heart's content, bet your butt I will! So I just smiled at the guys and kept on eating. I'm enjoying my meal, so let it be! The dessert was the icing on the cake... the finishing touches of a great phenomenal meal. The mango was riped and perfect to eat. Every bite of the sticky rice was warm, soft, and soothing. Loved the coconut milk that drizzled down every time I took a slice from it. The ratio between the mango slices and sticky rice was even to every single bite I took. Absolutely loved this dessert. It's my favorite Thai dessert from any other. Their food has been consistent every single time I have gone here and the service is always very attentive and friendly. Refilled my tea without being asked and always came back to see how I'm doing. Loved the fact that after I finished my dessert, the server asked if there was anything else I would like haha I could possibly go for another dessert, but no I'll definitely be hibernating in that restaurant if I did. I always leave so happy and satisfied... No joke. And off I went to do my errands... it was a great day for another great Thai food experience.
4	Came in right before 12:00 noon which was a good thing. This place is super small but busy. It does'nt take a lot of patrons to fill this place up.My order the beef combo soup with meatballs and bok choy - flavor was yummy on a chilly day and the portion was decent too.  Looking forward to coming back and checking out some of the other dishes.BTW $15.00 mimumun for credit cards so it your going solo - bring cash.
3	Yet another overrated restaurant in Vegas. I need to move back to LA. I ordered the Duck Fried Rice because it was so highly esteemed, but it ended up being meh. Overall, the dish was lacking in flavor. The duck was rubbery and weak. Go to Lotus of Siam.
5	Holy pot stickers!!! Yum! Found this place on Yelp and followed your recommendations, thanks!
3	We found this place on yelp and decided to check it out.  The restaurant is small and definitley family owned.  Which is my kind of place.  But really this place is not as amazing as i thought.  I was recommended to get the red snapper by the waitress.  I'm not a fan of the fish.  but we did order the fried bananas with ice cream.  I'm in LOVE with that lil piece of heaven.
5	What a gem!  Little hole in the wall with a great menu with many surprising items not usually seen outside of Thailand.  Soups are great, very savory broth.  Everything was very well flavored, cooked perfectly, nice portions.  Very small and usually crowded.  Thai people can be some of the most demanding restaurant patrons, and this place is always at least half full of Thais.
4	My family and I were visiting Las Vegas and we stopped in for some Thai food.  The food was good.  If I were a local, I would eat there often. I can't give it 5 stars.  It has nice food but it is just a little hole in the wall with good food, especially for the money.  Lots of choices.  VERY reasonably priced. We ordered yellow curry, som thom, phad thai, and mango sticky rice for dessert.  Lots of food for an excellent price.
4	There food is awesome and cheap plain and simple. Its right off to the side across the street from all the big name places like "Mothers Korean grill" that are overrated tourist traps. This is the little place that everyone wants to go but doesn't know just where it is, once you find it you will be back again and again. They could pay better attention to their customers for drinks and chopsticks and such but its a little family owned place so just roll with it cause the food is worth it. The best place to park is across the street in the main Chinatown shopping center then just jaywalk across the side street.
4	3/5/11Considering how disappointed we were with Lotus of Siam last time in Vegas the bf was wary of trying Thai again until we found Thai Style Noodle House! We tried the thai style noodle with beef which is their pad kee mow...and the beef combo noodle soup...Super crowded and cozy...the service was good but there was a slight wait for food obviously...the beef combo noodle soup was very interesting... not sure I'd try it again because it wasn't spicy at all! LOL One of the better tasting Thai places in Vegas...
3	Came here for a light lunch. Ordered the potstickers and the house special Tom yum soup with small rice noodles. The food was decent, the service was attentive, and it was a decent meal, but I wasn't blown away by anything. The potstickers were ok, they just remind me of the gyoza that you get at any Japanese restaurant, but smothered in sauce. The tom yum was not as impressive as I was hoping for. It had the tangy features that I love, but when I order spicy, I expect scorching hot. My taste buds did not even feel a tingle, but they do have all of the chilies on the side if you want to add some heat of your own.The thing that shocked me and my food buddy was that I was the only Asian in the restaurant besides the food server. For once, I was part of the minority in Chinatown. weird...
3	I've recently returned here, after have a very good experience, only to be let down. I came in for lunch and ordered the Pad Thai, like last time. The seafood tasted old, and on top of that the service was slow and lackadaisical. There were probably only three other people there. They need to step it up and stick to their standards. I had a very good first impression of this place, now its barely mediocre.
5	Spicy! Great pad Thai and Tom yum with chicken.  Great prices too.
5	This IS as good as it gets for Thai food, .....period.  I've been to every Thai restaurant in Las Vegas and this takes the cake.  It's better than Lotus of Siam, it's better than Pin Kaow.  Even better IT'S SUPER CHEAP.  Go here..seriously.  This is the best Thai food in town.  Just thinking about the delicious broth makes me want to drool on my keyboard.  My wife HATES thai food but she loves this place.   Go here.  Do it for yourself because you deserve it.
3	This place is "okay" for vegas (DOESN'T compare to Thai food in LA).  This so-called Thai restaurant seats about 20 people.  Their menu is actually a mix between Chinese and Thai food.  It was really disappointing to open the menu and see things like Orange Chicken on the menu.  Really?  Really?!  They don't even have basic Thai appetizers such as angel wings or fish patties.  We were actually debating to leave the place without ordering because it did not have a lot of Thai dishes, but the employees were too nice so I decided to stay.We ordered two dishes (because there really wasn't anything else on the menu that sounded Thai, nor appetizing) -- Boat Noodle Soup and Chicken Basil.  The noodle soup had a good flavor, but they did DUMB IT DOWN BIG TIME for vegas locals.  They did NOT have the pork rinds, blood, lliver, and tripe that a boat noodle soup usually has.  The broth was really sweet too, which was overpowering until I added my own chili flakes to balance the flavors.  The chicken basil was ok tasting, but wasn't great.  The place definitely dumbed down the spice factor too -- considering we requested "medium" for both dishes, the dishes were NOT spicy at all.  Again, I think this place is catering towards a clientele that can't handle much spicy food nor distinguish between Chinese and Thai food. My bf pointed out their water is filtered, which is a good thing, and that they "flavor" their water with slices of lemons and oranges in the water pitcher.  Just fyi for those picky water drinkers out there.  This also tells me that their soups, most likely, have a better taste because the water is filtered.I would only come here again when I'm craving (semi) Asian food in Vegas and  cause it's cheap -- for two dishes it was only $14.
5	So after a Glorious Day in the sun and hitting up some of the Vegas pools...my roomie his girl and myself defintly had the munchies...we were sitting in the car exiting Encore trying to decide what we wanted and I was like..."Dude I always see you bringing takeout from that Thai place...I've never been, lets go!!!"...Awesome Thai Style Noodle House it was!Going into the place I knew beforehand it was kind of a hole in the wall kinda joint...small and cozy, it was about what I had expected...about room enough to hold 25-30ish peeps at a time betwen different 2 seaters, 4 seaters, that could be pushed together to hold more (like a 10group that was chowing down as we entered)...1st things that hit me were the smell, and I automatically saw how big the soup bowls were from the 10group...YUM!!!....My mouth had allready started watering!!!  HAHAStarted looking at the Trifold menu...and my sillyass spread my arms out wide, put my hands across everyones menu's n was like....I don't care what we get...DUDE!!!...whats the name of the cocunut spicy soup cuz we are SO getting that!!!...(Tom Kha)...Mmmmmm!!!Between the 3 of us we had a Huge Bowl of Tom Kha (medium), Duck Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and Mongolian Beef w/ Rice... (all for $35 w/ tip mind you!!!....)Before I start all I am going to caveat with is the fact that we ate around 6...it is 1am and I just woke from my Food Coma!!!Portions were Big!!!  Usually I like everything spicy spicy!...we order the Tom Kha medium, and it was a perfect blend of keeping all the flavor without being overpowered...Medium is a good hoice is someone can't handle spicy well as was in our case, De-Ri-Cious!!!The Duck Fried rice was over the top...again great portion size and you could see the large cuts of duck in there, YUMMM!!!Pad Thai (combo)...portion size was a lil smaller then the previous 2 but totally adequete...great tasteNot gonna lie, Mongolian Beef was tasty, but nothing to rave about like the previous ones...ok, without even meaning to I totally just listed those in order from: Totally Yummy!!!...to...it was allright...haha!Forgot to mention the service, service was quick and the waitress didn't lollygag at welcoming us or taking our orders!  Water glasses were allways filled...and trust me we were sucking it down (so to speak) after a day in the sun.  I know next time I will totally have to order the Thai Tea.....you could see these large, almost beer mug looking tea's being passed around, but yea....I was totally craving water at that point, LOLSo overall, food wise, 5 STARS!!!....I ALMOST took it down a star, cuz yea if your looking for the ambiance and the cheeze of chinatown this may not be your spot, go into it knowing it's a holeinthewall, but with that also comes the best food and the best service!!!  Hell I hear during lunchtime it's packed so that has to speak volumes right...and plus for all that food it was only $30 +tip!!!  (AWESOME prices, totally took it back up to 5 stars!)Too far from my work to make it for lunch, but if you ever see a guy in late afternoon/night wearing a uniform, know thats me coming home from Nellis craving some soul food to satisfy the tummy!!!    ^_^
5	I love Thai food and this place has the best ever! If you want delicious food at good price, you will want to live close to this place :-)  But if you're just visiting, like me, you definitely want to make the trip from the strip. Tried the Pad Thai, the Pad See Eu, the Duck with Red Curry - all cooked the best way I have tasted. Especially loved the Thai Basil Chicken! The only thing you should keep in mind is that the place is small and busy. If you go off hours, you will never eat Thai food elsewhere in Vegas. Oh, and I was one of three white people there :-)  That probably says it all how good the place is...
4	Thank you Vegas Yelpers for all the lovely reviews!I'm always searching for new hot spots. I was craving pad thai... my new found love... and came across TSNH.First off... I love the location since I live right up the road and it's in between my commute to work and home. I'm all about reasonable prices! My meal was under $10. The portions were big... I ended up taking home half of my meal.I went around 9pm and my fellow yelp las vegas elite/friend and we were the only ones there... so seating and waiting for our order wasn't an issue.Cute hole in the wall... casual indoor seating.Only thing I wasn't a fan about was their angel hair noodles. Pad thai noodles are usually bigger in size. Taste was decent but I've had better pad thai here in Vegas.Would I come back? sure! If not for the pad thai... I wanna try their thai fried rice with chicken (since pad thai and fried rice with chicken are my only thai things I like).If you're in the area and craving thai... stop by TSNH!-Miss Yelp 2011
4	this is mine and my sisters favorite spot to go to if you like thai food this is the place to go. Great staff.. Great food. Very small place, but it doesn't bother me. They are kid freindly and their thai tea is one of the best i tried.I will most def. come back here again.
1	Hot Thai Jelly BeanIt's a dive.  That's OK if the food and the price make up for it, but they don't.  It's located on an industrial building end cap.  Hmmmmm, romance.  When the name of the place includes the word, noodle, you'd think noodles would show a sign of... noodle expertise.  It doesn't.My Pad Thai noodles had gummy nodules, large clumps better eaten with the help of a knife.  And the dish was too sweet.  I kept thinking you could mold the stuff into a Pad Thai Jelly Bean or maybe a Gummy Bear.  No, it was already a Gummy Bear.  I came back to the office and brushed my teeth.  Quite a few Thai-looking folks in there, and I wondered if the family could really be that large.  I don't know why any other Thais would be there, not with so many other choices in Las Vegas China Town.
5	I really am a Lotus of Siam devotee, but this is food, not religion, so we're allowed open relationships.  If Lotus is my classier and more diverse wife, Thai Style Noodle House is my down-to-Earth and no BS mistress.  There are times when I just want to be taken care of, I don't want frills, just delicious, authentic, straight-up Thai goodness.  Those are the times I go to Thai Style.  She's all content, inexpensive, gives more than receives, and I love her.Everyone loves the noodle soup for a good reason, it's probably the best and cheapest you'll get in Vegas.  But don't forget to try other things, like the ginger snapper or the duck pad kee mao, both yummy!  The squid salad is not as good as Lotus, but it's half the price so there you go.  I'm sure there are things Lotus doesn't do as well as Thai Style.  Oh, am I defending my mistress over my wife?  I'm sorry, sometimes I can't control myself.Well, there's another thing with my mistress.  She surprises me with how thoughtful she can be.  There's a waitress at Thai Style that has an amazing memory.  I've been there three times, and she already has my preferences tattooed into her memory.  Yep, come on in to Thai Style.  She doesn't have to just be mine.
4	I was definitely skeptical when I first arrived to this hole in the wall restaurant adjacent to an industrial strip mall. A place with "Noodle House" in their name is usually an indicator of an unauthentic Asian restaurant.I walked in and immediately noticed that the servers were all Thai. Phew.I read some pretty mixed reviews of the Pad Thai and honestly it's pretty good. A tad on the sweet side, but good and GENEROUSLY PORTIONED nonetheless. The noodles don't stick together unless you order it to go and let it sit out. I would definitely come back to try their other menu items! Plus, everything is so cheap, go give it a shot!
4	A friend actually suggested Veggie Delight, but while looking over their lunch menu I noticed this place next door and opted for thai instead. My bf has never tried Thai food (this kid doesn't like vegetables OR spice) so it took a bit of coercing, but luckily in the end he really loved it. I'm totally down with any restaurant that has an extra complete vegan/vegetarian menu, so they get an extra star just for that. I got the spicy thai basil and asked for extra carrots and it didn't seem to have much more, but the dish was good nonetheless. Yummy sauce.My bf got the jung pao tofu and the sauce was incredible. Luckily he doesn't like onions so I ate them all and even snuck in a piece of tofu that was really yummy. For dessert I usually get mangoes with sticky rice, but this time we went for the fried bananas; a little too greasy for my taste, but wonderfully paired with the ice cream and honey.I would go here again and I would recommend it to someone who wanted chinese/thai that was cheap and off the strip.
5	Ate here on another Yelpers recommendation, and man were we glad!  Go with the house recommendations....thats what we did, and we werent disappointed.  Word of advice-dont order too spicy, stay under 5 or 6 because they really fire it up!  The red curry is delicious, especially the Panang avocado with shrimp.  Go with the S11 on the Chefs Specials list.  Amazing flat noodles.  We will be back!
4	I have been coming here since Dec 2009.  Shame on me for not doing a review sooner.  This is my favorite spot for their yummy chicken tom yum goung (sp?) soup with small noodles.  My mouth is salivating just thinking about it!  I've tried their crab fried rice, pad thai, duck fried rice, fried chicken wings, papaya salad and curries and they have all been good.  They do tend to get really busy around noon, so keep that in mind.  Other than that, good food for cheap prices, this place will not disappoint.
4	The Thai Ice Tea is a bit too sweet for me, but the Thai Style BBQ Pork, papaya salad, and sticky rice, all for $9 was quite a deal.  The BBQ Pork was delicious, papaya salad was just ok.  Overall, I would come back again.
5	Absolutely amazing Thai food. I don't normally like Thai food, but this was awesome!
5	cheap. delicious. CHEAP.the food here is absolutely amazing and for the price that they're charging, you can't complain. the crab fried rice was really good as well as the roasted duck curry. i would most definitely come back to this place.
5	My friends and I read all the great reviews and decided to give it a try. It was awesome! The papaya salad (be warned that even the medium spicy order was very very spicy) and pad Thai were especially good.
5	Definitely a hole in the wall place that deserves a lot of recognition. Came here after a long day of hiking, and boy did the food really hit the spot as far as healthy and energizing goes! Their menu is colorful with a lot of variety of foods that are vegan/vegetarian friendly, or otherwise tasty and nutritious in its own way.Heed warning to the level of spiciness they ask you (which can be found throughout many other reviews here too!) I learned my lesson with the papaya salad that medium is blazing hot in Thailand's culture. Despite how delicious the papaya salad was prepared, not even halfway through my taste buds were on fire and my lips were feeling like they were seared off! Lesson learned with that, but the papaya salad was still fabulous, as well as the pot-stickers (the sauces really compliment the appetizer just right!)My favorites were the Red Curry Chicken and the Thai Tea. The Thai Tea is a MONSTER, they serve it to you in a huge mug and if your food has a little kick, the Thai Tea is actually a good remedy to cool down your taste buds! This place is very small in size and I hope they will expand it over time, but this has to be one of my newfound favorite places in Las Vegas and the Chinatown area to venture!
5	I dont need to be mr yelp 2000 something to yelp I am just yelping cos I love it. I dont want to put my picture cos sometime I am so honest that the restaurant that I dont like might put me as a target, but I never went back, hmmm. Anyway, this noodle house rocks. I went here 2 times order 4 different kind of foods and its all good. That my friend must be considered superb. Small and efficient. kind of hard to find if you come here the first time, cos its hidden. But its super good and affordable.Cheap, great food and nothing else. Great service, they got the palm juiced and you know what, if you like spicy and you dont know what you should have, get the gway teow lord.!!
5	This is our go-to Thai place in Vegas. Wish it was closer to Green Valley as much as we love Thai food but there is no Thai restaurant  in Henderson worth trying twice, some I wish I'd never tried. So I have only 3 complaints about this place:1- it needs to be closer to our house2- too many people know about it so we often have to wait to be seated3- it needs to stay open even later for those nights that we go out to the casinos or to friends & get the late nite cravingsThose are serious complaints considering this place has a vegan menu & awesome food. I've learned my lesson & toned down to a 5 spice level because the 7 had me breaking a sweat by the 2nd bite. Oh how I love that Spicy Thai Basil. That night I ordered the 7 was lucky enough that a group of us went & ordered lots of appetizers & entrees so I got to get full off the rest & take my 7 home for a great meal at home that was perfectly spiced when toned down with a little coconut milk. But I really wonder why I'm even reviewing this place because why would I want it to get any busier so I'll have to wait even longer for a seat? Some places really should remain secret. But I did try it only because of all the good yelp reviews so I guess this is only fair. Or maybe I'll get lucky & they will open another location close to Green Valley Ranch, yes pleeeeaaaase.
5	SO GOOD.  I was staying at Mandalay Bay and they didn't have very many vegetarian choices.  A Yelp search led me here and it was SO worth it.The food is cheap and delicious and do not let the hole in the wall vibe deter you.  We had an appetizer, two dishes, and two drinks and the bill was only $25.Pad thai was delicious and not too greasy.  The veggie pot stickers appetizer was a pleasant surprise.  The plating looked similar to something that you would see at a sushi restaurant.  If you are looking for something cheap and vegetarian, go here.
4	get the tom yum noodle soup! it's frikin amazing! not as sour as other tom yum soup, it's a perfect balance of sweet, sour, tart, spicy, & hot. i also tried the thai beef salad & green curry too, not bad. oh, get the large thai iced tea! it's $2.99 and it's HUGE and so goood!
5	Hole in the wall but great cheap food. Don't go there if you want fancy, but go if you just want good food. I recommend the pad Thai.
5	I can't believe I've never reviewed this place.. I'll try to fit in all I can muster about my favorite China Town area restaurant.My mom's Thai and a really good home cook. But since we're all grown now, she doesn't make huge family style meals anymore. So. This is my go to Thai restaurant.It's not fancy, it's not over priced, it's not a new take on Thai. It's pretty much the classics done simply and executed well. Plus the price is definitely right. I'm pretty sure nothing is over $10..I think.. Well..  maybe! If you do seafood it might be.My favorites are definitely the same as most yelpers:Noodle house style pot stickers are always a good start.Noodle house Tom yum soup with choice of noodles which I get the fat noodles- spice a 10.My favorites include: Roasted duck curry 75% of the time, duck Fried rice(ask for chili in it and it makes it even better), the roasted duck soup with egg noodles, fried chicken over fried rice, BBQ park and Chinese sausage fried rice, lad nah, grilled beef salad with a side of sticky rice, their version of pho lol, Tom kah kai, and pretty much everything on their menu.It's all really good.My only let down was the pork wonton soup I got tonight with egg noodles. Fresh, but a  pretty bland broth.A huge plus is they can make their papaya salad LAOS style, which I prefer, and it's actually really good :] With Ling Ling as the best server ever and down to the padak on the table as a condiment, this place is pretty authentic and never disappoints me. Idk if this is for regulars but the service is always super sweet. If I don't finish something for ANY reason I.e. Being full or saving for later.. The Ling Ling always asks if i enjoyed it or if I need it replaced if I may not have liked it. So nice :]It's tiny so expect a tiny wait at times, the food is worth it, and try not to sit in that center table when it's sunny..Random thought:My favorite thing about eating a Thai meal is that it's usually family style. I wish they had an options of ordering a bowl or pot of some of the dishes.. If that makes any sense :] but I'm sure there's a reason they dont offer that. Limited table space..?
2	After reading reviews on yelp, my wife and I decided to give this place a go.  This restaurants appears nice on the outside, however, when you walk in, it is a hole in the wall place.  This restaurant is small and can accommodate up to 30 customers.  We ordered a Beef Rad - na, Beef Pad see-ew, and a Crab Fried Rice. Beef Rad - na - 3 stars- too much white pepper, but the gravy was fairly tastyBeef Pad see-eu - 2 stars- too much white pepper Crab Fried Rice - 2 stars- too much white pepper and salt.All of our dishes tasted like white pepper.  I noticed after the dishes went onto the serving table, the server would put an excessive amount of white pepper on each dish.   I am sad that we did not get as good of an experience as the rest of the yelpers.  This place is cheap, but I would rather pay a buck or two more for better tasting thai food.
5	Just like what all the other reviews say:Delicious and very well priced.  Us 4 dudes just pigged out after not having eaten anything all day; apps, drinks, and entrees for everbody: $66 bucks.  This place is truly awesome.
5	My favorite little thai place!  I always get the khu khai or the fried chicken over fried rice or the bbq pork over fried rice! They have really good soups too!
5	Awesome!!!!! Thank you yelpers, we were not disappointed!!!Had the shrimp salad, duck soup, and spicy Thai noodles, all of which was delicious. Portions were bigger then I thought they would be, considering the price, so keep that in mind. Attentive and courteous service. nothing to complain about really... Except maybe (big maybe) the Thai iced tea, which wasn't as strong as I'm used too, but at the price they were offering it, I'm really not complaining. :)
5	Ever since I was introduced to this place, I eat here every time I am in Vegas, this place is a must! After a night of drinking/partying, rather than eating pho, this place makes the best noodles. I don't normally eat the same thing each time. They allow you to choose the broth, and type of noodle you prefer. Their pineapple fried rice and their pad thai is good as well as their tom yum soup. My mouth is watering thinking of it right now! Their thai tea is superb! They have two sizes, order the large, you'll want more. They were a little slow when it comes service, but each time I've frequent here, the restaurant is filled, with normally two workers. However, the wait is worth it! It's sad to say that there aren't any restaurants like it here in San Jose, CA. So sad! I just want some Thai noodles! If anyone knows of a place similar to the San Jose area, please let me know!
4	What I know about Thai food could scare the bejeebers out of my Midwestern Grandmother, but no one in this town would be fooled for even a moment. Walking into the Thai Style Noodle House, I knew I was about to sacrifice one of my favorite things about the "new dining experience". That is, I love asking the server to make recommendations, you can learn a lot about a place from this simple question. But I know from experience that Chinatown servers are not into recommendations, at least not to a 'pale-white farm boy', other than boring, ordinary, tasteless, "American Style" dishes that are sure not to offend any taste buds. Of course, I always have Yelp to guide me to something on the menu that is likely to please.As I expected, when I ordered the Noodle House Tom Yum Noodle Soup (fat noodles with a 7 on the spice range), I got a series of questions from the server, all apparently designed to discourage me from my order: "It's sour." she says. "Sure you want soup?" she asks, "That's very hot." came her final plea, with a combined look of confusion and compassion (the later to be served after diner).The fat noodles were a perfect compliment to the hot and sour soup and a 7 on the spice level sat just perfect with me. A great big thank you to the Yelpers out there, who provided the ammunition I needed to complete my order without the assistance (or even approval) of the server. Don't get me wrong, she did a splendid job and was very attentive to my water glass (Misty and I are simpatico on this matter), she just looked frightened that I would have a coronary and she'd have to cover my tab out of her tips.There is a sister restaurant out in my neck of the woods that I will be making regular visits to as I learn more about this Thai food craze everyone's going on about - :). I figure I got a good ten years left before I have fully traversed the culinary landscape that is Chinatown alone, so many wonderful new flavors for the tongue. The Noodle House is definitely going to become one of my new standards, even if they never stop looking terrified of my menu selctions.
5	Noodle house is one of my favorite Thai restaurants.I love pretty much everythingn on the menu.Pad thai, Tom Yang soup, thai ice tea, and fried banana with ice cream are my favorite.Servers are always great.Lunch time is their busiest time and you might have to wait to be seated.They also do delivery.
5	OMG!!I am contemplating moving to Las Vegas to live near this restaurant. This is definitely a hole in the wall. If you are expecting nice glass plates, fancy food presentation, etc this is not your place. If you want great authentic food for a cheap price than this is your place. I knew I had hit it big when I saw the sweet little grandma in the kitchen cooking up a storm. I got the spicy noodles (YUMMMM) and my husband got the pad thai (YUMMM again). There were only 2 servers and they did such a great job handling the whole restaurant. They were both cordial and prompt. I am so glad we came across this place. Thanks yelpers!!
3	3.5 stars. Found this place via Yelp and it was a bit hard to find on the outskirts of Chinatown. It was small and pretty busy when we walked in. The people there were pretty friendly and I tried to order what got the most press on Yelp.My wife thought the pad thai was pretty good, but I got the crab fried rice and it lacked a bit of taste. I put a ton of hot sauce on it and it killed my appetite because I was starving, but I wasn't impressed. The mango sticky rice was pretty good. The rice was salty and the mango was sweet. This was the request of my wife's so I honored it. It wasn't bad and the prices were decent based on what you got, but I can't give it 4 stars because of taste.It is a good find and maybe if I got something else I would be happier. They feature the hot soup, but when it's 115 degrees outside soup is the last thing you want.
4	3.5 rounded up.  I'm always satisfied when I come here, which is every time I come to Las Vegas.  The thing is that with all the good restaurants in L.V., it's hard  continue coming back to the same place.  The Pad See Eow was the last thing I had, and it was very yummy.
4	Wow, what a great foodie find!  Though it is located off the strip, this place is well worth it, especially if you are dining on a budget.  Prices are really decent and food here is very good.  I ordered their yellow curry with chicken. I was very pleased as they used white meat chicken as opposed to dark meat, which I dislike.  Portion was very generous and the overall taste was good.  A great deal especially since it was only $6.75 for my meal.   Some of the other members of my party ordered their duck soup and said it was delicious. Pad thai and pad see ewe are pretty tasty too.  My hubby and I use to dine at Archie's off Flamingo as they have pretty good food too, but in comparison to this place, their prices are higher and portions not as generous.  TIP:  Skip the overpriced Thai/Asian Restaurants located inside the hotels on the strip.  Food is just ehh and not to mention, they hurt the pocket.  This place has pad thai for $6.75 while the Lemongrass located in the Aria Hotel has it for $16-20 a plate. (I am not exaggerating either!) Taste wise and price wise, Thai Style Noodle House is wayyy better.
4	Great food, very cheap and only five minutes in a cab from the wynn casino. It is great for lunch and to get away from the fast food chains and expensive restraunts on the strip, would definitely recomend.
4	Best orange chicken ever....not your usual big chunks. Small and crunchy....we had to get a second order! this is going to be a must for me and my family every time we come to vegas!
5	the roasted duck soup with noodles is AWESOOMMMEEE!!! also the 3 kinds of pork is great to and Thia style BBQ pork is great as well. and the price is amazing too.
4	I had been to the 2nd location a few times, but this was my first time at the OG spot. Instantly, I knew why this place has such a following.It's in their name folks. Thai Style Noodle House. They have fantastic noodle dishes (as does the 2nd location). I went with the Tom Yum Noodle Soup (with egg noodles) and I was not disappointed. That delicious broth along with the perfectly cooked noodles definitely hit the spot.The place itself is small and simple. The people are friendly enough. But it's all about the food. On that front, you will not regret your decision to dine here.
3	Sep 25 2011 2:10 pm1 item lunch combo -$5.50Comes with soup, entree, appetizer Red curry- 3/5 little too oily for a Thai dishGarlic and pepper stir fry -3.5/52 Thai iced tea- 4.5/5Customer service- 4.5/5
4	Another Mom and Pop place in China town! Went with a friend this past weekend and we ordered two dishes each. We had a total of 4 dishes on the table!! IT WAS A FEAST!! Annnnnnd, it came out to about $32 total. WHAT A STEAL!!We ordered the following:Tom Young Soup: Not a big fan, but friend said it was very good! I tried a taste of it for the first time and it wasn't for me. It did have a good balance of sour and not sour though. Crab Fried Rice: Really good. Trust me on this one! I will order this one again. If you like dry fried rice instead of sticky this is for you. Spicy Flat Noodles: It was I expected, but very good! Flat noodles are by far my favorite kind of noodle.Duck Fried Rice: I wanted to soooo badly love this dish, but it was just too sweet for me. It was cooked with pineapple, and the duck they added was fatty. By no means does fatty mean bad, but it's not for everyone. Wouldn't order this one again. Overall, I would go back for a bite to eat. Can't beat price, food, and atmosphere. Will have to show my parents when the come visit. :)
3	I've been here twice. Good prices.  Actually great prices.  The plates were 6-10 dollars.  The dessert with sticky rice, mango's and vanilla ice cream was delectable.  I don't remember what kind of curry I had here but it was flavorful, and the pineapple fried rice with cashew was awesome.  Cons:I tried #16 grilled Chicken or Beef salad with lime dressing...it was tasty but way too salty BOTh times! Pad thai..well...what can I say, I've had better..but it was decent.  Overall, it was okay.  I would come eat here again if friends want but when i think of Thai food, I don't think of this place.  That says a lot unfortunately.  If you are in the area, and you are in the mood for decent thai food, this would be it. Otherwise, I say skip it.
5	You need to try this place at least once.Cheap and delicious, with arguably the best curry I've ever tasted (and I've been to Thailand). THIS IS THE BRANCH TO GO TO-- DO NOT GO TO THE ONE ON FORT APACHE. While the one on Fort Apache is the same owner, it's not the same chef and the food DOES NOT taste the same. This is the original branch and the cooking is SUPERIOR.This is a hole in the wall Thai restaurant that's authentic to the point you can see a Thai grandma in the kitchen whipping up your dishes. Everything is so frigging cheap ($5-7 a plate) so I recommend you come with friends so you can eat family style and try a little bit of everything. The interior of the restaurant is ghetto, so ghetto that I have to warn people ahead of time and assure them that the food is worth it. This is a place you come strictly for flavor.Things to order:Duck curry - slices of duck in a red curry served with a side of white rice. Delicious. Amazing. This dish makes me so sad I live in Los Angeles. The curry is rich and flavorful, the slices of duck are juicy and tender, and it all just melts so well in your mouth. It's a mouthgasm.The pineapple fried rice- HUGE chunks of pineapple and whatever meat you choose (I like chicken with this dish). It's prepared correctly in that the rice isn't dry. This dish has nuts in it so if you're allergic, beware.The pad see ew - It's a bit sweeter here than in other places, but I prefer that. I choose beef. Once again, it's done well.The pad thai - Delicious.Get my drift? Parking is plentiful, and the service is just fine (cute thai ladies who can't speak English well)Honestly, just call ahead and pick up your order so you can skip the crowd. You need to try this place. A+++++
2	Big portions and cheap. Small location expect wait $15 min credit card charge. Pineapple Fried rice, Radna, and Pad Kee Mao wasn't great..  It would suffice as a hangover cure, only if you're able to drive here.  It's a bit far off the strip where Chinatown is.  I've had better Thai places. They were however super nice enough to accept reservations though.
1	I never have understood the appeal of this particular location. I'm a regular at the Fort Apache location, but on the few occasions I have been here, the service was lackluster and the food was meh. After my most recent visit, I can say I will definitely not be back. My fella and I came by late one night when I was craving some noodles. My fella suggested Fuku Burger, but I was adament about my noodle craving so we ended up here. I ordered the spicy noodle and my fella got the duck fried rice. I also ordered a Thai tea for good measure. The tea was overly sweet and way too creamy. I handed that to my fella to finish. Next came our noodles. They weren't nearly as spicy and the texture was a little slimey. I wasn't a fan of that. My fella's fried rice was dry and really lacked flavor. To top off a very blah meal, we saw a roach wandering up the wall towards our table. EEEK! I've never jumped up so fast in my life. We quickly headed to the register. Pointed out our discovery to the waitress, paid our bill and left. I really didn't want to stay any longer than I needed to. I have a serious aversion to bugs.I have to say that there were quite a few bugs outside in the parking lot, so I assume our little friend wandered in through the door, but still. Ew. I'll definitely stick to the other Thai Style Noodle House from now on.
4	Went to the Thai Style Noodle House for lunch today with a couple friends, (one of who is a regular there). He's addicted to the beef noodle soup, so naturally, I had to try it out as well. The first thing I noticed about this little place was the Tshirts pinned to the wall, so cheesy and SO THAI! Of course we were greeted warmly with the never fail big Thai smile from the hostess that I've come to expect from the Thais when I meet them.There were computer printout menu items with pictures scattered around the walls as well, and coupled with the Thai TV programming and Tshirts, I was reminded of a typical Thai noodle shop one can find all over Thailand.....(sigh, I miss you).I noticed on one of the printouts a picture of Penang Curry with avocado. One of my buddies wanted that, and when I mentioned to the waitress that he was a vegetarian, she quickly produced a completely separate vegetarian menu. That was cool, although he stuck with the avocado Penang curry with tofu. He ordered it at #9 of 10 in spiciness.My noodle soup arrived and was promptly devoured and washed down with a Thai iced tea. The broth was hearty, the noodles soft, and there was a large chunk of baby bok choy, and plenty of bean sprouts to compliment the meatballs and sliced beef. I thought the soup could've used a touch of cilantro, but it was very good and well balanced. I also tasted some of the avocado Penang which I thought would be too hot for my tastes, but turned out to be just right. The flavor was full, yet balanced and the tofu & avocado with the coconut & curry worked well together. The portions here are large, and overall it was a good value for the money. I look forward to returning to explore the other menu items and hopefully finding another Thai gem for my palate.
5	Went to Thailand 1 month ago, this is the most authentic place ive been in Vegas. Very good!!!
5	This is just FYI....they are closed for renovations until 11/19/11. I was so looking forward to trying their food after reading all the good things on yelp. But, I expect they will be better when they re-open all pretty and new!
4	Amazing thaii food at amazing prices.  This is one of the true gems in Las Vegas!!  I've eat here at least once a week.  Each time I always get the duck fried rice.  It is truly delectable!  I usually order it with a heat of 4 and add more spiciness to it depending on my mood.  I first discovered this place getting food for my wife and I one night at the Palms.  We ordered the Tom Yum Kai w/chicken.  The noodle soup was fabulous!  The amazing flavor combination of the soup was intense.  One can taste the sour, sweet, tangy and a bit of heat all in one taste.  The flavors are intense.I then tried the duck fried rice and I was hooked!  The sweetness of the duck, combined with the heat and flavors of the rice was a perfect combination.  I love the way they put the dish together.  I've also tried the Spicy Thai noodles, Pad Thai and Pad See Eww.  All were great with a bounty of flavors.  Nothing over $10!!!If you are looking for ambiance and romance, you probably would choose another location.  If you are looking for amazing food at an amazing price (nothing over $10) I would highly recommend this place!
4	Yelpers save the day again! The food here is great, for a good price. Me and my boyfriend had two very disappointing and expensive meals on the strip, and decided to venture off the drag for lunch.All of the positive feedback led us to a great meal at Thai Style Noodle House.The staff is very friendly, and though you wouldn't come for the atmosphere, the food delivers all that yelpers promise!It's not a Vegetarian restaurant but they will customize anything for veg-heads like me. I had the silver noodle salad and fried tofu and my boyfriend had the beef fried rice. We both loved our dishes, the food is fresh & flavorful. Some of the best flavored thai I've had in a minute and I'm from NY, but live in LA!
4	It's the middle of the Vegas summer.....and I see people waiting outside this hole in the wall establishment.....this place must be HOT! The thought of waiting in 110 degree weather to eat here is a stretch for me....but their noodle soup is delicious!  I've honestly never heard of a thai NOODLE soup before this place.  Upon entering the establishment at 11:30am....not even peak lunch hour...only one table was left.  The menu is extensive with the typical curries/fried noodles/fried rice/chef specialties...and a separate green menu with lunch specials. I decided to try the duck noodle soup with vermicelli upon a friends recommendation...think Vietnamese pho mating with Chinese wonton soup....and voila thai noodle soup (sliced duck, bok choy, bean sprouts, cilantro swimming in a herbal duck broth).   There are four noodle options (vermicelli, egg noodle, rice noodle, wide rice noodle) to pick from. The menu seems very extensive and it helps that the people working there are actually Thai.  The prices are very reasonable...under $7 for most dishes.   But be aware small establishment means you may end up waiting for a table...and after waiting for a table...waiting for your food to come out.  Service was extremely slow today and refills of water need to be requested.  The servers were friendly, but just extremely busy.  I would definitely try this place again....as a heads up I was informed the sliced beef noodle soup may be even better than the duck noodle soup.
4	This lil hole in the wall is amazing and always hits the spot after a long weekend of partying on the strip.its seems like a family owned business which i love bc the food is usually more authentic and yummy that way. prices are super low and portions are large, service is good, plenty of parking. the end. (=
5	Low prices, great food, family-owned hole-in-the-wall.  I love coming here & imagining I'm dining in Thailand again.
4	Great restaurant!  Coming from the bay area, we were pleasantly surprised by the abundance of the thai and asian restaurants in this Chinatown area of Las Vegas.  As other reviewers have alluded, the food in this Thai noodle house is cheap and they taste great!  We ordered the Tom Yum Noodle soup and seafood noodle soup.  Both were great.  This is one restaurant that we will come back again whenever we are in the area.
5	chicken chow mien was amazing...soo good that i has to save some 4 l8r
5	Excellent foods!  I had vegetarian Yen Tao Four soup and a thai iced tea with coconut milk.  I was soooo full after eating that I couldn't order dessert.  The waitress was really nice and we got our orders super fast.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other vegetarian dishes they have.
4	I love this little whole in the wall Thai place. Serves cheap & really great food. They have been shut down recently because of a roach infestation, yet that does not deter me from coming back :-PThey renovated the place but it's still quite a small area. Our usual order is the chicken pad Thai, shrimp fried rice, Thai basil pork or chicken.The wait staff overall is friendly, they know our order by now lol. I will definitely come back :)
4	I came here on thursday and the place was pretty packed,then again it was lunch time.There was something going on in china town that day im not sure what though.Every place seemed more packed then usualy,but thats ok.Me and my grampa bob came here and we got Chicken chow mein no veggies,orange chicken,a dr pib and water.Water-you could defently taste the vegas from it that water sucked very badly.Dr pib- It was normal but the kind of shitty thing about it is that it was in a can so no refils.Orange chicken-Ok the only orange thing about this was the color.It didnt taste like orange chicken that ive ever had before,but thats a good thing.It was very crunchy and yummy it had a saltyness to it id say it was good.The only down side was it came with sesame seeds,this isnt good becuase im alergic to them.Chow mein-This is the best chow mein ive eaten anywhere.The noddles are orange and there aldenta and there frecen yummy as hell! I order this every time I come.ps.The last time i came with my mom and neice we got fried icecream,its cheap and very good! Check this place out
4	Nice variety of thai food.  Cheap prices and the taste was good.  Feigning for rice on this trip... I ordered the eggplant stirfry with rice.  It was yummy and they offered a Vegetarian menu.  I'm definitely coming here again if in the area of Las Vegas and craving thai food.  Yum.  Thanks, Thai Style Noodle House.  I think you were the food highlight of my trip compared to my other stops. :)And it was packed in and out while I was there.  That's usually a good sign. :)
4	Yum. Cheap, Asian food off the Strip. I had no idea Vegas had a Chinatown but I'm glad I found it.
3	Disappointed that Lotus of Siam wasn't open for lunch on the weekends, I searched Yelp for the next best Thai in Las Vegas, and Thai Style Noodle House came up.It's tucked around the corner on Wynn Road, just off Mountain Spring. Everything about it says "hole in the wall" except that they take credit cards. The seating area is small, so I imagine it could get crowded here during a busy time, but at lunchtime on a Saturday it was fairly open.We ordered tom kha soup with chicken to start. It was a little too strong for my taste, and may have had a little too much lemongrass. Four of us shared yellow curry with chicken, panang curry with chicken, and pad thai. I'd say each of these dishes were between two and three stars. The curries were oily, not creamy, and the chicken at times seemed undercooked and rubbery. The pad thai noodles were too tough and chewy, but the flavoring was very good for the dish. The steamed rice was a little on the soggy side.Our service was very good, however, and we were checked in on frequently. The pricing here was also very reasonable, which combines to save this review from being two stars, even though in terms of Thai food I really have had better.
5	Little whole in the wall restaurant located in china town type area. Ordered spicy tom yum soup with noodles, it wz decent but a on the sweeter side. I love my soup spicy. Panag curry with chicken was abs delish, my fav. Also spicy basil w/ shrimp had a nice flavor but it was a sml portion. We had everything with brown rice which was pretty good n nutty in texure. Overall I'd def recommend this restaurant. its perfect when you want good food with cheap price tag;  Having said that,  don't go thr for the ambiance bc it's sml n plain. But yummy n delish food!! i am a fan and will def return!
4	I came here this resent sunday....I thaught it was chinese new years this week.Well i was rong its next week.I came here with my nanny and my friend Kenny.I got chicken chow mein with no veggies like always,my Nanny got chicken wing appitizer,and kenny got the lunch combo plate,with kungpoa beef,and chicken with brocli.He told her he wanted the beef very spicy,she asked from 1 to 10 how spicy,he said 9.Chicken wings-pretty big,CRUNCHY,and mostly all white meat sooo good,it came with sweet and sour sause ill defently get these again. Chow mein-read my other review.Kung pow beef-For being 9 out of ten spicy....it could have been spicier.But it was very spicy and very flavorful i realy liked it alot.I think next time ill get this one :)
5	One of my favorite Thai joints in the U.S.  I come by 1-2 times per visit.  "Medium" is still pretty damn spicy.  I love that.Great service, great food...what else do you want?
4	This what I had hoped for.  Hole in the wall cheap authentic Thai food.It was a little tough to find--it's not visible from the intersection but rather on Wynn, so don't think you can see it if you are on Spring Mountain.The place is clean enough, the waitresses nice, the food isn't blow your socks off but it is good. And it is really really cheap.  It's what I would expect at any average place in Thailand.  If you look at who is sitting around you, you'll realize it's appreciated by many for the same reasons.
4	I don't eat here as often as I did last two years.I always eat pad tai shrimp but the shrimp is now so small..I once ordered for delivery and the driver went to wrong place (they said)I had to wait one hour and 45 minutes and I got cold cold food and wet tempura (the shrimp appetizer thing)
3	The special combination soup is really good. Try it. I love their house tea.We tried their Fried rice with Basil & Beef, the flavor is good but a bit too oily for me.Prices are good, service is great.
4	I have only had delivery.Takes about 45min to get on the west side(from either location), but then again whose delivery doesn't?I've had Combo (I heart shrimp rolls and chicken stays), NH Style Potstickers, Fried wontons, crab rangoon, mango with sweet sticky rice, thai ice tea, crab rice, (all items great) and also DUCK RICE!!!DUCK RICE itself gets five stars.My bestie had the tom yum kai and said it was really good but she still prefers Komol's more.They get 4 stars for almost always forgetting an item in my delivery 2 out of 5 times.
4	Cheap authentic Thai Food.
4	This is my favorite Thai restaurant when I want some cheap eats. I like to get the pad see eu, Thai noodle soup, and large Thai iced coffee. The staff is always attentive and they keep my water glass filled. Dinner for two falls easily under $20 before tip.
4	So bummed, had to move my fave Thai place down to 4 stars. Post-renovation (only change I see is new paint, tables & chairs) the serving size has gotten much smaller - rice on the plate instead of full plate of entree with rice on side. Not really worth the drive anymore unless I'm in the area. Even then, lunchtime I'll be going to Krung Siam Thai for their great lunch specials.
4	This is a great place for Thai food somewhat near the strip. The prices are very affordable and the portions are huge. I recommend getting their pad thai, pad see ew, and their curries. Their Thai Iced milk tea is very good too.I've been here two times now with friends who have been to Thailand before, and they have all said that the food is very authentic. Also, be careful when you ask for spicy. Because it will TRULY be spicy. I will definitely be back here again next time I want Thai food in Vegas.
5	Amah-zing!  This is my new lunch place, at least once a week.  Maybe another time for dinner.  Super cheap and everything I've tried is delish.Thai Noodle House Potstickers, Any Curry, and Tom Kha are a must!
4	Omg pad kee mau is great here. Affordable, small but plenty of seats. The server may have forgotten I existed but nothing was late or wrong. There was just no fawning. For the price and quality of the food, who cares?XLNT
3	wanted to see what the hype was all about. Was disappointed :-( panang curry had no flavor, duck friend rice was a little dry.  Maybe a second try will help increase this review. but for now its a 3 star.
4	I never really thought to consider that Vegas had a good descent Thai restaurant until i came to Noodle House. I had the tofu pad Thai and loved it. I liked that I was asked to choose my preferred heat level from a scale of 1-10. When I chose 8, the waitress looked surprised. When my plate arrived, I was happy that I felt a slight burning sensation in my tongue. That is how I know it is indeed spicy to my level. I also ordered a Thai iced tea and it was deliciously refreshing.Perhaps the next time around I'll order the Thai duck noodle soup that one of my friends is obsess about!Until the next time Noodle House~
2	A two star rating I was not expecting to give based on all the great reviews, but a two star rating is what they're getting.I had no qualms about the service.  We were seated right away (5).  They checked in often and our cups never went empty.  So, the two stars is strictly for the food.  What we had:- pot stickers - The sauce (mayo mix and something else) was sweet.  I'm not a girl that like sweet sauces on her pot stickers.  I like a little tang to it.- beef noodle soup - I thought this had a bit of a sweet flavoring to it as well.  It was merely ok.- duck fried rice with pineapples - ok- pork fried rice with Chinese sausage - I've never had Chinese sausage before so I wasn't expecting the sweetness.- chopped chicken w/sticky rice and papaya salad - rice was hard and papaya salad's fish sauce was a little too much for me- chicken satay on a stick - okI'm not a girl that likes her meats or soups sweet.  So, forgive me if these dishes are supposed to be that way.  This place wasn't my cup of tea.My husband completely disagrees.  He loved it here...but he can write his own damn review.  ;)
3	Inexpensive authentic Thai restaurant in Chinatown.  The food though was kind of average.  I had the pork larb, which was nothing special, and "beef jerky" which wasn't that good (Lotus of Siam is 5x better for both of these dishes).  I would go back to try other things on their interesting and varied menu.  Although there is a lot, it was hard to find parking.
5	I have been a loyal customer of this little Thai restaurant for the past two years. I never got tired of this place. Everything they make taste delicious and people who work there are much nicer than most of the Asian restaurant in Vegas. I usually go there and have their #38. I don't know the name because I eat it so much the people there start making it right away when I enter the door. My second favorite dish would be their beef noodle soup with flat noodles. It's a normal dish but it's amazing. I also liked their Fried rice with duck and vegetable soup (with or without noddle) if i feel like something light or if i have cold.The place is a bit small for a group that's over 4 people, but who cares, this place is amazing. btw, they just renovated the restaurant a few month ago. It looks the same to me but I appreciate the effort@!! ha
4	This is one of those places that if nobody tells you about it, you would never hear about it. The place is small, but cozy. There was a lot of business around 2:30 PM.We always determine a Thai restaurant's worthiness by tasting it's papaya salad. So we ordered that, pad thai, and green curry beef.Papaya salad was very good, right away I was impressed. It had the perfect balance of sweetness and tarness. It wasn't too light or salty. Just a perfect little plate of salad.After the papaya salad, I havd a very high expectation from the rest of food which took a while to get. We sat and watched customers get turn away and waited. It's a small kitchen! Give them a break!!Pad thai was pretty good, a little sticky. All the noodles got stuck together, but that shows the noodle was not cooked with two cups of oil.Green curry was only reason I deduct a star from the rating. It was a little salty and I did not find it tasty at all. I mean, curry should taste complex and rich, but this one did not have either character.I would definitely go back and maybe become a regular.........also the service was super friendly.
4	Supposedly, this place closed recently for renovations. I never saw the old look, but the new one is nothing special, although the paint on the walls looks fresh. But, of course, people don't come here for the atmosphere and interior. It's for the tasty eats and the roasted duck noodle soup is just that. With plenty of flat noodles, sprouts, and duck, it's comforting and satisfying. At $6.95 it's also a great value.They do take credit cards, but there's a $15 minimum.
3	Service And ambience is good. More imortantly, the food, good, not the best, but the portions are big- definitely need to share. not a 4star b/c no ETOH is served.
5	My family and I were tired of the food on the strip, so we looked up a Thai place to eat at and Yelp brought us here. The place was hard to find because of its location, but we were happy to find it. I went to this place back in December when I was at Vegas.I love their pad thai and tom yum soup, they were sooo good! I have tried a lot of Thai places before and I can say their pad thai is one of the best. The crab fried rice was also very good. There was a lot of crab to go around. Their food is also very cheap for a lot. Although the place is small, it feels every family friendly. If I went to Vegas again, I would want to stop by for sure.
5	Second time to Thai Style Noodle House, and second time of being filled with delicious food! I really enjoy coming to this restaurant when I come to visit Vegas. It is indeed a little gem in the city of Las Vegas. I feel like at times, people who come to Vegas forget there are other places in Las Vegas than the Strip--perhaps even more tastier foods out there like Thai Style Noodle House that is no overrated and over priced.For my second visit, I ordered a Thai tea (yummmmm!) and rad na. All fresh, hot and delicious.
5	One of my favorite Thai places in Vegas, and they fixed my one complaint about the place, they remodeled it so it looks way better!!!!Grilled beef salad, pineapple fried rice, pad se ew with shrimp *shoves face into food*One of my Vegas top 10 for sure!!!!  Don't expect to get the greatest service because you are not paying that much for the food.  But don't get me wrong, everyone is really nice and courteous, just don't expect a sommelier (I googled the spelling of that) to explain their wine list to you.  The place is packed, sometimes you gotta wait a while to get a table, sometimes you will be ignored when you want someone to take your order, sometimes you may feel rushed.  But you know what?  It's still THAT good, and everyone comes back.  Speaking of thai food, can someone invent a somewhat healthier version of Thai Iced Tea?!?  We have invented cellular phones, we send space ships to the moon, but we can't make a healthy Thai Iced Tea???!!!!!!  I was excited earlier, but now I am upset!!
2	Our service was fantastic(our waitress was absolutely adorable) but after hearing from the waitress that NOTHING is fresh- its all pre-processed frozen food, I was really disappointed. We had already ordered. The Pumpkin Curry is pretty good... But I have had much better Thai. If you want fresh, incredible Thai- Naga is the only way to go in this state. Save yourself from a greasy belly ache :(
5	Best place for a bowl of thai noodle soup! The roasted duck fried rice is also delicious. Great service and very good prices
3	My friend and I stopped in for an impromptu lunch to go. He told me that he wanted to take me to his secret Thai restaurant that he thinks is bombb, but doesn't know the name of it because it doesn't have a sign on the door. After I parked and walked up to it, I was like oh duh, Thai Style Noodle House and jumped on Yelp to see what I should get. First off, I recall people mentioning that they may not give lunch menus unless you ask, so we sat down & searched for the lunch menu, but it was nowhere to be found. I ask the waitress & boom, out comes the lunch menu. I think it's $5.50 for 1 entree & $7.something for 2. When my friend orders, she asked him what level spiciness 1-10, but I was still debating if I should go healthy and get a salad or order some yummy lunch specials. It took me awhile to order & the waitress asked me instead if I want mild, medium, or hot for my spicy eggplant with beef and green curry with chicken. I thought that was weird, but I got hot (whatever that means). Lunch specials also come with a choice of eggroll or fried tofu & a little salad. We got home & dug in. The spicy eggplant was nothing special and the green curry was not as basil-y as others I've tried. The vegetables in the green curry were kind of funky, as in, they weren't very bountiful or filling and I have no idea what anything else was other than the green beans (even those I'm uncertain of). Anyway, my other complaint is that "hot" was not hot. My 2 year old was digging in, and she's not one for super spicy foods. Overall, I'd say lunch specials are fair and the food was alright. I'd come back to try the noodles someday, if I'm in the area.
5	This is the best Thai place in Vegas.  Period.  End of sentence.  I've been all over country, from Udorn to Hatyai, and this place is just good old fashioned Thai home cooking and Bangkok street food.  I don't know where Food Network get off on Lotus of Siam (worst in town).
4	I'm visiting from the Bay Area and have been to Thailand more then a few times. TSNH serves exceptional Thai food. It's nothing for decor. Food, folks and service.Thanks Ling Ling!
2	So much MSG, oil, and salt! We felt so gross afterwards that we immediately went to Smith's to stock up on fruits/veggies for a raw food/juicing diet. True story.We ordered:1) Duck Fried Rice--It was so salty! I felt like they poured in a cup of soy sauce and spoonfuls of msg into that dish. Don't get me wrong, our tastebuds were overjoyed from all the flavor. But is all that flavoring really necessary? I guess that's how some people like their food cooked though; it's just not for us. I think it would've been perfect had they just cut back on all the oil and soy sauce and even left out the msg.2) Vegetable Stir-fry--Half of our stir-fry dish was made up with rice. They gave us the tiniest portion of vegetables. Like the fried rice, I felt like the stir-fry was just cooked in a ton of hoisin sauce/msg/soy sauce/salt.3) Thai Iced Coffee--Too sweet! I think they added sugar on top of the condensed milk because that was the sweetest iced coffee I have ever had.Service was decent. Even though we came at a busy hour, the waitresses were still attentive to us and quick with our orders.Our total meal came out to be $22 including tax/tip.
5	I love this place!  OH MY GOSH it was so cheap and so good.  definitely recommend everyone to try this place at least once.  I wish they would open another restaurant in Orange County :( i miss you Thai Style Noodle House
4	I don't care about eating on the Strip when I can find a great authentic hole-in-the-wall like this place and eat to my hearts content. Some of the best Thai I've had is here and the service is great. Don't expect anything fancy or nice here. This is just about the food and food only. I bet only locals come here, and it's a pity cuz tourists just don't know what they're missing.
5	Always drove by this place, I'm glad I finally walked in for lunch!Very small local place. There's some parking on the street on Wynn Rd or you can park and walk over from the shopping complex.The menu - listed all the traditional popular dishes. Noodles, soups, rice dishes, most of them offered with your choice of meat, tofu, shrimp, or duck. Didn't see anything that cost more than $8.95. Big score!I ordered duck fried rice and papaya salad. The salad was OK, a small portion, nothing very spectacular. I guess since it cost only $5.95, I can't be disappointed. However, the duck fried rice - amazing! I ordered it since it got such great reviews. I can see why! You'll think it looks too saucy and salty, just dig in. I was pleasantly surprised to find lots of tender duck. This dish portion was huge! For all you Thai Tea lovers, I saw the next table order a few, they were served in those huge pint glasses! The customers were very ecstatic when those drinks arrived!The two girls serving their small room of tables were friendly and helpful. The prices are awesome, so I'm already looking forward to going back for their potstickers and duck pad thai!
5	I been to a lot of Thai Restaurant here in Vegas. And yet this place is my number one choice! I absolutely love the service and the food is great! I always get spicy basil chicken fried rice with yellow chicken curry! The seafood tom-yum is on point! Papaya salad is decent, cause my mom makes the best so I can't compare. Other then that this place is so worth it!
4	Charming and common, if you're looking for a cheap Thai meal this is place to go. Allow a few extra minutes for seating and be sure to avoid the lunch rush. Parking can be tedious as well, but patrons are respectable to the lines. Today's cuisine pick: Khua-Kai Rice Noodle
4	Good inexpensive thai food.Ordered:Pad See Ew (tasty)Thai Basil dish (good flavors)Tom Yum Soup (really strong flavors, wife & I agreed we wouldn't order it again)Beef Noodle Soup (didn't try it)Small but if they aren't busy they could put tables together for a group of 8 or 10.
4	Came here on the first day I flew in. Their spicy food added another few degrees to the hot day. After eating here I left with more sweat that I came in with which I LOVE. Their spicy level is on point! I love having spicy food and I'd say spicier the better. For the love of spice they put in, I would definitely love to come back again.
5	If you're looking for a hole in the wall restaurant, look no further than Noodle House! This Thai place has the best service I've ever experienced in Chinatown. Normally, the service is crappy and the food is alright but here both are great! I do have to say they have opened up another place near Fort Apache, but I've never been there.The place always has people inside and the aroma as you walk up to the door is enough to make your mouth water. I normally call my order in ahead of time to take my meal home, and they're pretty good at being speedy.My favorite dish would definitely have to be the Thai fried rice with chicken. The dish has the perfect amount of onions and chicken and rice and seasonings. This dish is enough for two people or two meals for one (which is what I do).I would also recommend #38, which is sorta like pan fried noodles with bean sprouts and a sweet/spicy sauce.I've never had the Thai iced tea but it's a nice orange color and from what I hear, it's pretty good if you're looking for a cool refreshing drink.It's a very small, quick and inexpensive lunch if you're looking for something new. And afterwards, you can just drive down Spring Mountain and go shopping at the Fashion Show Mall!
4	i really love the authentic thai food here. Papaya salad was awesome. Thai spiy noodle was great and Green Curry was good too. Next time when i come here, i sure to come back.
5	Absolutely must stop for every time I go to Vegas now! I gotta give major props to the girl with the glasses who is the server and cashier there. She really hits it home with excellent service and gets your orders down. The food is exhilarating! I always order the Tom yum noodle soup which is legit Tom yum. Plenty of noodle and meat and if you like spicy they will  kick your ass with it if you ask. The Pad Thai is bomb and so is the panang curry. The decor is a typical Asian restaurant atmosphere and nothing to go crazy about. It can be over 100 degrees outside but that is not stopping me from going here!
5	The Pad Thai was absolutely amazing with tofu. Startlingly good food. Service was also excellent. Prices are totally reasonable. I would definitely go back.
1	:( So sad, another disappointing dining experience. My buddy and I were hoping to round out our Vegas trip with some good old fashion Roasted Duck Noodle Soup so we decided to give this place a shot.  To be fair, service was decent and I'd give the flavor of the soup a letter grade of a "B" but what I just couldn't get around was the ROACH that seemed to be lounging in my bowl.  Wow right?  Roast Roach Duck Noodle Soup!  Grossed out and not wanting to eat any longer, we notified the lead server and showed them my little hitchhiker roach and even though they apologized for the incident we decided to leave.  In retrospect, I'm glad I fished the little roach out before I got more than three spoonfuls of soup down.  The soup is a dark brown broth.  I didn't take the time sift through the rest of my soup but I wouldn't doubt it if there were more little buggers in there.
2	I am really disappointed in 2 of the dishes that I got. The papaya salad was really bitter. And I wanted it medium spicy but all I tasted was bitterness from the lime skin. The sticky rice was super hard and not edible. I think they overheated leftover sticky rice! My food wasn't complete without sticky rice. I never send food back in restaurants but I should of in this case. Their fried chicken wings and duck fried rice was good though.
3	This restaurant is a little grimy. We walked in and felt as if there may be something going on in the back.  Maybe the restaurant was just a cover for a massage parlor or high stakes poker game. The available tables were sloppy, and greasy -with dirty dishes everywhere. Not a good first impression to say the least.....After looking over the menu, we decided to give it a shot. My wife ordered 2 entrees (she is not fat I swear). First, she ordered the beef Thai noodle soup. The broth was fantastic, however the beef was fatty --EWWWW. Her second entree was the cashew chicken. Not bad, but we have had much better versions of this dish in the Las Vegas area. I decided on the chicken basil fried rice-level 5. The rice was a little greasy, but very good. I am glad I didn't go over a 5 on it-- it had some heat!  Our total bill with soft drinks came out to about $25.00. This place isn't bad, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back. If I do, I'll make sure to bring money for the buy-in so I can sit on on the game going on behind the scenes.
3	Tried this place about half a year ago for the Seafood Tom Yum, and while I thought it was very good, it didn't leave enough of an impression on me to find me craving it regularly.   Last week I decided to give it another shot and ordered two other Yelp review favorites, the Papaya Salad and Duck Fried Rice.  My thought was I'd counter the unhealthy fried rice with the papaya salad and maybe eat half of each.   The best laid plans of mice and fat men....Went and picked them up (service both times seemed a little rushed, but not unfriendly).   Prices are pretty standard.  Upon getting back to my office I went for the salad first.  I thought it looked really nice, but I didn't enjoy the flavor at all.  Now it must be said for the 50th time how much I typically do not like salad so maybe it's personal, but I found the bean sprouts in particular to have that dirt taste that they sometimes get.   Or is this the way bean sprouts are supposed to taste?  I love them cooked usually, but maybe raw they taste like dirt.  I didn't get any sweetness from the papaya and I ordered a 7/10 and wasn't getting much spice either.  Maybe I was eating it wrong.  Either way, YELP YOU FAILED ME ON THIS ONE.But redemption comes in the form of Duck Fried Rice.  Holy Moly.  Toss that silly salad aside and dig in.  Now it doesnt seem too complicated:  take greasy fried rice, add a healthy amount of unhealthy, fatty duck and voila!  A star is born and a salad is forgotten.   Yeah that half and half plan earlier?  Chucked it in the trash along with the salad, and devoured the entire box of fried rice.  Cancel Dr's appointment for tomorrow and call it a day.Duck fried rice - 5 stars.  Papaya salad - 1 star.   5+1/2 = 3.   I can do Arithmetic like Bill Clinton.
3	I decided to try it because of the price. I'm a devout Archi's fan, but wanted to see if there was more out there. I shall never stray again. Even though the prices are a lot cheaper than the rest of the Thai places, the quality was a bit disappointing. I ordered Papaya Salad, Pad See Ew, and Chicken Tom Yum. Papaya Salad was average, if not satisfactory. I did like the Tom Yum although it was a bit too sweet. The disappointment finally came when I tried the Pad See Ew. It was too salty, no real sauce flavor and pretty boring. For the price of around 6-7, you can't really complain, but when it comes to my beloved Thai food, I'm willing to pay a few bucks more for better taste....
4	I am a fan this place was very good, the thai ice tea was good i had the shrimp pad thai the shrimp was not very fresh, but over all the food was amazing!!!
4	Cheap and really good Thai food. I think it's the cheapest in town. Service can be slow sometimes, but it is worth it. We normally get the pad se-eu and pad thai. You can't go wrong here and you might even run into a Muay Thai trainer. I know a lot of trainers who love to eat here! Now if they are going there to eat that means it taste like home and you should try it =)
3	I came here for drunken noodles. They were very delicious. I give them a three stars for the service.I like my food very spicy. The waitress for some reason thought that was funny. After telling her I wanted them at a 7 out of 10, she giggled for a while, asked me if I was sure a bunch of times, and then giggled and then went back to the kitchen and told the chef a whole bunch of stuff in thai that I don't understand, probably something along the lines of "heeheehee she asked for spicy! Make it super spicy!" Kinda rude...Anyways, when my food came out, it was super spicy, but I enjoyed it a lot. She took it upon herself to check on me every 5 seconds to see how I was doing.That kinda pissed me off.But the food was good!
4	My wife is Thai and she likes this place.  Says it is authentic.  it is my second favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  I think the best is the Thai Style Noodle House on Fort Apache.  The in both places is really good and affordable.  The difference is the parking and atmosphere.  The parking at Fort Apache is typical strip mall parking while the one in Chinatown is less convenient.  You have to park around the corner and walk.  The one of Fort Apache has more room, is cleaner, and newer.  Also, I love food that is very hot (spicy).  I asked for 7 our of ten and it nearly burned my lips off.  I don't know if that is standard or if they just messed mine up.  Overall, I highly recommend this place.  The food is plentiful, affordable, authentic, and delicious.
4	#33 Tom yum noodle soup w ground pork, fish cakes n balls, pork... U get to choose the noodles!Nobody has the broth on point like these guys, it's got that zing....zang...booom.  The flavors are a smorgasbord of sweet,sour,savory, goodness... the lunch rice combos are also good but the tom yum is the star here...!Forgive the ambiance as this is your typical asian spot, not much on decor but more attention to the food galore....Kapoonkap!
4	What a find and a short drive from the strip. Husband and I both ordered the duck noodle soup for less than $7 each. We were pleasantly surprised when the waitress asked what type of noodles we wanted our duck noodle soup. Hubby went for the traditional egg noodles and I went with the wide flat-rice noodles. The serving is big and they give plenty of duck meat. They even debone the duck so it's not so messy or tedious to eat. Broth is dark and so savory. I will definitely make this one of my stops next time I'm in Vegas and try another one of their soups like tom yum or go for the delicious and cheap duck noodle soup again!
4	One of the best Thai Food restaurants in the valley.
4	Great local Thai spot. Food is always good and the service friendly. I recommend the shrimp roll app, papaya salad, and duck curry. The soups are good too, though the other curries are just ok.
3	We eat here pretty often because it's close to work and has vegan options.  First thing is the Vegan Pot Stickers are absolutely amazing and I'm not even vegan.  I can't even describe how delicious they taste. some of the other dishes that are pretty good Pineapple chicken, Fried Chicken over Fried rice. To be honest it kind of took me a while to find something that I liked here.   I usually love Red Curry, but their version doesn't suit me.  But seriously the pot stickers are pretty spectacular.  Update:  We just ordered the pot stickers again.  I guess you can also get them in a not vegan option.  However, I am not willing to chance it, as the vegan ones are so absolutely delicious.  I was not thrilled to find that they don't have fresh brewed ice tea, but what can you do.
2	I was excited to try this place because they deliver and they're cheap.  And they have great reviews on here!  However, I have to say it's probably some of the worst Thai food I've had.  Maybe I just ordered wrong, I dunno.Considering how many other Thai places are here in Vegas... more than you could shake a stick at.  I don't know what kind of metric that is really, is that like 15 Thai places?  I don't know how many places the average person could shake a stick at in, say, an evening..But anyway,  I tried the Tom Yum that people have been raving about and I couldn't even eat it, I thought it was awful.  The Won Ton soup was also weak but I at least could deal with it. I got some noodles too and they were decent, but the Pad Thai was pretty lame too.All told, I may very well order again because it's so cheap and convenient for delivery, but I'd rather go elsewhere. :/
5	DELICIOUS!!! Love this place!! I had the Pad Thai the first time we came here, and it is AMAZING. The Noodle House style potstickers are real appetizers, leaving you hungry for more food!! Amazing staff, very friendly service :) highly recommend ^_^Just a tip, try to come before or after mealtime rush~!
3	The food was just about average. The quantities were sufficient. But I didn't find anything to rave about.
5	Duck dishes rock. Tom "Yum" soup is indeed that!  Be sure to aim low when specifying how spicy. I can take spice, but my soup was only a "6"... which burned through me and the chair beneath.If you want casual low-priced meal, you won't find it on the strip.  The places are outside the perimeter.  Don't be fooled by this hole in the wall -- this is not only great food, but specifically great Thai food at any price. Appears to be family owned and operated -- which I suppose goes without saying in most hole-in-the-wall Thai places.
5	You HAVE to try this place!!So sooo good! Pot stickers are a must!Maybe it's because it was sorta cold and windy plus we were very tired from dancing all night, but their food was outstanding! Plus, I was among good friends/company and we ate a la family style. So, I guess my review is a bit biased due to other factors.I dunno - food was delish and warm. Kind of like a warm, nurturing hug after wild nights tearing up Vegas. Such greatness.
5	friend suggest this place for lunch. the location is a bit of a pain in the ass to park at. friend was already there and most of the tables were taken. i ordered the pad thai and he had the chicken over rice.didnt get any utensils when the food came. had to ask for utensils since there was none placed on the table.best pad thai ive had in town and the portions were pretty big. i was stuffed after eating it.friend suggested the pork over rice next time. sorry i dont remember the name.
3	I usually go to the Thai noodle house on the west side of town (ft apache), but I was strolling through china town today so I decided to stop in for my usual duck noodle soup and Panang avocado curry. I must say... This is the same restaurant but the quality n quantity is different. The curry was bland n watery and the Thai tea tasted like water down milk. Although this location gives you a bigger portion the quality of the food was not up to par w their sister location... So if you want QUALITY OVER QUANTITY visit their other location on fort apache.
4	An absolute gem. A Thai diamond!My boyfriend's family and I came here the day we were leaving Vegas, and it was a great decision, indeed. My boyfriend and I both ordered the Roasted Duck Noodle Soup. You actually get to choose your type of noodles: flat noodle, small rice noodle, vermicelli noodle, or egg noodle. I recommend the small rice noodle.Our roasted duck was DELICIOUS and the broth was actually a specialty herb duck broth. Doesn't that just entice you? One serving is definitely enough. The noodles were very filling. It's definitely worth your $$$. The service is friendly and attentive to your needs.I definitely will come here again.
3	This place is okay. I went with my family while they were here visiting me in Vegas.We ordered three dishes for the four of us: chicken pad thai, beef noodle soup, and a dish with thick, flat noodles with eggs, meat and a little bit of veggies.I requested the chicken pad thai to be spicy. She asked me "how spicy on a scale of 1-10?" I said 7. Fast forward 8 minutes later, my pad thai was NOT spicy AT ALL. =/ What the.... hmmm. So either they completely forgot about adding any spiciness to my dish OR a 7 is considered mild. Can someone clarify how this whole spicy rating works???? Is 1 super spicy or vice versa?If I go to any thai restaurant, I gotta order either a thai iced tea or a thai iced coffee. My sister and I ordered a iced tea and iced coffee respectively.Prices were pretty good. Our dishes were between $6-8 and our drinks were about $1.75 each.Oh and one more thing, very small tight space. So if you're claustrophobic or you don't like sitting superclosetothetablenexttoyou, then I suggest going somewhere else.
4	we liked it so much we went three days in a row....but be careful if you order your food spicy as it can be very very hot
4	4.5 starsBeware of the spiciness level. 1-10, we got a 6 and it was pretty spicy, and I can usually handle spicy.Papaya salad: sooo good, one of the best papaya salads I've ever eaten. Very refreshing, and the level 6 spiciness was just enough kick.Duck fried rice: another 5 star dish, highly recommendedTom Yum Noodle Soup: deliciousness continues, the soup base is perfect.Panang Avocado: this is the only dish I didn't really like. We requested salmon and shrimp, but only got shrimp, they forgot the salmon.VERY AFFORDABLE. Cheap and delicious food, what more can I ask forService was alright, typical of an Asian restaurant, understaffed so they weren't very attentive.
5	Awesome food. Pot stickers, duck noodle soup, red curry combination, cold noodle salad, fried shrimp, duck wide noodles with house sauce. Level 1-10 we got eight which made me sweat, it was awesome. It's in china town about 12$ cab from the strip. I will go back. Delicious.
5	Best papaya salad ever! Their duck fried rice is very good too. I'm a little disappointed with their Tom yum soup, but their vermicelli noodle in the soup goes very well.(u can make a choice what kind of noodles you want).
1	Six months ago, i gave this place wonderful review, but now everything has changed.  Don't get me wrong the tom yum noodle is good but the service has gone down.  I traveled all the way to Las Vegas from Ca to eat here and it has greatly disappointed my bf and me.  We ordered the Tom yum noodle soup and the sweet sticky rice with mango.  When I tried the sweet sticky rice, it was so freaken hard to chew and swallow (Trust me, I have ordered sweet sticky rice from plenty of place).  My bf also tried it and agreed that he has never ate sweet sticky rice this hard.  It tasted like raw uncooked rice where it is so darn hard and don't even think about chewing it.  You have to swallowed it whole. That was not it!  When i told my waiter about how the sweet sticky rice was so hard, she gave me an attitude and snapped at me with "YES IT IS SUPPOSED TO BE HARD".   i was baffled by her rudeness! WTH?  I am not THAI but i have had sweet sticky rice too many time to know that is suppose to be chewable and consumable and soft.  OMG.  I was very disappointed in both the food quality and service.  So rude.  I would not recommend any one to dine here.
5	The tum yum seafood noodles were the best. The flavors were just right, there's were slices if pork in the soup I though were a bit dry. But Overrall the flavor was just right!! My huband got the Thai boat noodles. It was good. Good came fast after ordering it. When we walked in about 12 all the tables were taken but one near the door. As we sat there the server took quiet sometime getting our drink orders and food order. When the food came out we still didn't get out drink or forks and spoons.. I think they can work on their service skills.. I can't wait to go back for their food. And their prices were so reasonable for a Thai restaurant!
5	My god - a Thai heaven.We were all vegetarians. We got the green curry, yellow curry, pad thai, edamame and the soup. Everything was insanely good. We spent 2 hours in this restaurant. Never knew Las Vegas would be the place for an amazing Thai restaurant and this is from a person who studied in Singapore and frequented Thailand.
1	Maybe my expectations were too high after last years rave reviews, or perhaps the business has gotten so confidant that their patrons would go back no matter what. This place has severely disappointed my gf and me on our recent visit this winter.We got there and it is busy as usual since it was lunch time. Servers seemed stressed and distracted, but I won't rail them for that. We sat down and got our menus and it took forever to take our order (10-15 min). We ordered a Tom yum noodle soup and sticky rice. Note that we came in first and got our order down first in front of three other groups who sat down after us, yet they got their food first and ours arrived last after 10-15 min. Maybe they treat their regulars or Thai people better??? So my Tom yum noodle soup was just what I expected, but the sticky rice was horrible. First of all sticky rice should be soft and easily chewable, but our sticky rice was hard to chew and majority of it still had rice uncooked!! Raw rice in our dessert? Wtf! So my gf went to the cashier to ask about it, and her response was "no that's how it is supposed to be" in a rude tone. I'm sorry, but we have had sticky rice from many Thai places and I have friends who are Thai that I have asked and they all say that it is not supposed to be raw! Servers are completely incompetent and rude. Total disappointment especially after our first few visits. Maybe they should hire that girl who first helped us and made this place our first thing to visit when we go to Vegas.
1	Wow. Im a local and im in the service industry. The service was probably the worst ive ever had in my life. If you want to be treated like complete crap when you dine out then this is the place for you! I wish there was a negative star rating for this place!!!!!
2	I'm sorry to say that I am not a fan. I was so wishing for something to write home (or Yelp) about, but I walked away disappointed. The place was really not in good condition. The chairs were broken and the vinyl was torn on them. The table was sticky (THAT"S THE WORST!), the staff were not friendly, and the food was only mediocre. Gosh I really wanted to like it!One thing is that the seating area was so small that I was always feeling in the way and I couldn't relax and just eat. The tables are very close and some ladies were seated next to us and it felt like they were actually AT my table. That wouldn't be a big deal if they were nice people. They were very loud and speaking in a language that was not my own. They only would steal a few looks at us when they thought we weren't looking. It is natural to think that the people are talking about you, right? That's how I felt for some reason.Avoid this place if possible. There are other places nearby that are better. Pho Kim Long for instance.
3	Cheap, filling, and way better then the Strip's offeringsPick up a small dish here and grab some poki next door and you have a jammin lunch.It's simple people you grab the pad thai and get the tuna(And then the Batman! =)
5	After our foot massages, we Yelped and found this place.  The food was soooo good.  I had the wanton soup and the pineapple fried rice.   That was a LOT of food, so I took some back to my hotel.  Was perfect for late night munchies.  It's small, but we didn't have to wait for a table.  My friend enjoyed his food too.
4	I love their portions and the food is very tasty!  I will definitely visit this place next time I'm getting slaughtered on the poker table..
4	Food was good here, but you have to be ready for an OG Asian style hole in the wall.  They won't impress you with service or ambiance, but the mural on the wall is interesting and good for a chuckle.  The trump is that the food was tasty and cheap.  We had Cashew Nuts Chicken, Crispy Pork n Chinese Broccoli, and some Pineapple Shrimp Curry.  Rice came with each order, and the staff didn't get too huffy that we showed up 20 minutes before closing and stayed a little bit after their official close time.   Thumbs up!
4	My first visit here and although I am not blown away by what I had, it was good enough to warrant another visit.  Although there were plenty of lunch time patrons at this place, the food was still served pretty fast.  I ordered the Thai Style Tom Yum noodle soup with rice vermicelli only because my wife said the Tom Yum was good.  I don't really care for Tom Yum flavour and the rice vermicelli.  I don't think it was a good combination with this type of soup.  So I guess I was a little disappointed with this dish.  I also tried to order their duck fried rice, but to my dismay, they ran out of duck, so I had to settle for the crab fried rice instead.  The fried rice did have real crab meat in it, but there weren't that many pieces and the flavour of the crab was not infused into the fried rice, so again I was disappointed.  But then I saw the table next to me was eating the rad na with what looked like wonton noodles and it looked good.  So on a separate occasion, I ordered the rad na to take out.  Now this dish was quite flavourful. Redemption!!  There was just the right amount of gravy in there and although the greens turned a little yellow by the time I got home to eat it, the texture of the gai lan was still good.  I will definitely go back and try some of their other dishes, namely their curries.
5	Awesome food, cheep prices, friendly service how can you go wrong.I had the Pad Thai and a tofu and broccoli plate, both where great but the tofu and broccoli stood out.I can agree the ambiance was not quite there, with bright lights and warn out tables/chairs, loud clientele, but I took it to go so it was all good.It was a little hard to find (and find parking), its across the street from the bigger chinatown mini mall complex you would think to find it in and parking is minimal.Ill be back!
5	Awesome food!! Must try
5	I want to Thai noodles house almost every week they are nice people and Thai foods good too. I like papaya salad and grill chicken
3	This was my first visit to this location for lunch.  It was located on S Wynn Rd/Spring Mountain Rd in Chinatown in Las Vegas. The restaurant was not fancy.  It was kind of a dive.We were given regular menus.  We had to ask for the lunch menu.  They serve $7.95 lunch specials which include a choice of 2 entrees, soup and an egg roll or won ton until 4pm.I ordered the Garlic Pork and the Panang Chicken Curry, both Thai Hot.  The complimentary soup was Egg Drop.  It was served luke warm.  The Egg Roll was the standard vegetarian egg roll with sweet and sour sauce.  The Garlic Pork was luke warm, but the flavor and heat were good.  The Panang Chicken Curry had tender slices of white meat chicken and not much else in it.  The heat was good.  It was Thai Hot.My friend ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Pork Green Curry.  She didn't have any complaints.
3	Thai style noodle house, you really disappoint me. We've been customer for many years and food is great along with the price, but to order BBQ pork and Chinese sausage fried rice along with special request to add basil in it will cost additional $2.75? Are u kidding me?!?. Just don't ask these servers , where is Ling, Ling. we miss ya!!
4	Best Thai food in Vegas!
4	I enjoyed the Pad Thai.  The restaurant itself is not great, but the food makes up for it.
1	This place in unsanitary, and the service staff is awful. Cons:1. The Dr.Pepper can that was served to us was dirty (dusty) around the rim. 2. The fried tofu on the appetizer platter had a hair sticking out of it.3. They brought me out a soup that I didn't order, then told me they had run out of the duck used in the soup that I had ordered, then told me they could make the duck soup but it would be a wait. My friends were able to start eating right away, after a few minutes I told them to cancel my order, and they told me that they had already started cooking and couldn't cancel my order. I was then told they would, as a courtesy. 4. Some of the soups were really greasy.Do yourselves a favor, head over to Hue Thai or the Noodle House on Ft. Apache.
3	Try the potstickers!!!  The spot is kind of hidden and feels like you're heading down a dark alley when you try to get to it but the food is superb.  Plus its cheap!!Great place to try for Thai Food.. if you can find it... lol.
5	One of the best thai places that I've been to. It is casual family style dining. No frills, but excellent food. If you are looking for a good lunch spot for family or friends, this is a place to try. Had bbq pork over friend rice and it was excellent. The bbq pork was really tender and well seasoned and the friend rice was excellent. If you are bringing a big group, you may have to wait because it is a pretty tiny place. I stumbled across this place because I was going to the poke place nearby, but they ran out of poke bowls. Lucky for me, this was two shops down. You have to be pro active at getting the wait staff's attention, but if you are not bothered by that, go for it.
4	I love this place.  It's a hole in the wall, but the food is really good.  The fried rice was excellent.  My young son loved it.  I love the wonton soup and all their stir-fried noodle.  The portions were generous and the price was reasonable.
4	I agree with all the other Yelpers! small hidden gem in c-town. Price is why i came here. Forget the dirty bathroom and so so service. The food is great! this is my new spot for Thai food!
5	I've got a serious addiction to Thai Style Noodle House.  I've been here an embarrassing number of times and I don't think that I will be letting up any time soon.I can't say I would have ever tried this place if it wasn't for Yelp.  It's tucked away from the main road and is just a tiny little space with only a few tables.  And, let's face it, Chinatown isn't exactly vegetarian-friendly.  Luckily I have Yelp to fill me in - not only is this place good but it has a separate vegetarian menu as well! With a ton of items to pick from!! I really enjoy the Panang Curry but I have a spot in my heart for Spicy String Beans.  I don't know why I love it so much and I'm starting to question if they load it with nicotine before they give it to me.  It has a lot of flavor and the veggies are always fresh.  My husband switches between Yellow Curry, Spicy Noodles, and Thai Fried Rice and loves them all.  We've also had the Tom Kha soup and Vegetarian Dumplings and they were great as well.  Don't worry, my non-vegetarian friends, there are plenty of choices for you and everyone I've seen dining at the restaurant seems to enjoy their meals.Things to keep in mind: The place is very small so expect a wait during lunch and dinner rush.  Also, the tables can be a little tight so if you don't like eating close to strangers you may want to come at an off-time.  Finally, and most importantly, they are not joking around with the spice here.  I usually order a "medium" everywhere I go and am fine with it and can usually go spicier.  Here, I get a 3 out of 10.  And there have been a handful of times where it was still too spicy for me.  I say to err on the side of caution- you can always add more chili to your food later.So, vegetarians, rejoice!  There is another restaurant for you to add to your arsenal.  Just make sure to specify "no fish sauce."  While they are usually good about it without needing to say anything, we did have one experience where fish sauce added to our meals.If you ever find yourself in Chinatown looking for a new place to try, get your butt on over to Thai Style.  Just don't be hogging my table during the lunch rush!
5	THE BOMB.stumbled on this place quite by accident. (kind of. used yelp to find it after realizing a place my friend wanted to go was closed.)ATMOSPHERE. it's kind of hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for. passed right by it because it's on the side of the strip mall. once inside, expect -super cramped- quarters. basically, you might be bumping elbows maneuvering your chopsticks with the patron next to you. hope you showered today.CUISINE. hella goodness. hella goodness. i've only been once and didn't try to cram my face full of everything. everything we had was good though. when they say thai hot, they mean thai hot. it goes on a scale of 1-10. i imagine 10 means it chemically removes the roof of your mouth since 7 was so hot my friend was pouring out electrolytes.PRICE. woah. it's unbelievably affordable. two dishes and a drink -- with a generous tip = $20. you can tell it's affordable. there are like... broke kids in there on dates -- not dutch either.SERVICE. since the place has limited seating, the service is actually quite good. they're fast. you order; it shows up. you're practically sitting in the kitchen so they don't have far to go.OVERALL. this is now one of two places that i MUST VISIT when in vegas, the other being ichiza (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ichiza-las-vegas).
4	Thai Style Noodle House it some leggit, off the strip, Asian food. Was lucky enough to know a local who look me here for lunch, and I was nothing short of impressed. Walking in the place is nothing to brag about in a sense of atomosphere or ambience, however their food is something to brag about. Going with my trusty old favorite I ordered the Pad-Thai and much to my surprise I was VERY impressed. Just the right amount of spice, sweetness, and peanuty crunch! I also sampled the sweet and sour chicken that was also very amazing. When I am back in town I will be sure to swing back by for some great Asian goodness!
3	Normally, I would give Thai Style  a 4-star rating, but had to bring it down this time.Price - excellent!  Average dish is around $7! Quality - usually very good - today, everything was bland.OH, actually, should have given Thai Style only 1-star, but I am being VERY nice in this review.  We were sitting on the other side of a small decorative retaining wall - watched a cook sneeze into his hand - then continue to move the wok around ... no cleaning of the hand. I mentioned it to the waitress and was told, "no he did not sneeze" - I replied, "ummmm, yes, I just watched, I was right there" - she said, "OK, I will take care of it".  No other mention or concern for what occurred - or is probably occurring all the time.  In light of the Firefly, they might want to pay more attention to these small details.
1	I was shopping in China Town right across the street, they had fish for like 89 cents a pound and it was mid day so I was really hot, n I was going to stop some place to cool down n take a break, I thought of going to Volcano bona place, but then I saw this place in the corner of my eye, and I have add, so I decided to try something diff. Since I have been to Volcano before, they are really good if you ask me. The place is small, walked in looked @ the menu, and decided on the larb beef salad. Total with tax was 7.55. I had Larb Salad before @ this place in Austin Tx. and it was to die for. but this salad was pretty small for 7$, and very plane tasting. It had a decent size of meat in there compared to the rest of the salad but for 7$ they could ad more veggies @ least. Veggies aren't that expensive, and put better dressing or something. I doubt I will be back here. Total loss 8.55 cause I tipped the waiter. They waiter filled my water, n it's not his fault the food sucks. The people there where decently nice. IDK maybe I'm just a picky eater compared to the rest of Vegas, in my opinion good food in VEgas is VERY hard to find unless your spending 50$ @ a fancy casino buffet. Which is why I usually cook @ home cause I can't find what I want else where. Austin Tx. and Los Angles have much better food. Good thing I am moving to LA June 1st.
4	I needed some good food before attending 4 plays at the Las Vegas Fringe Festival at Las Vegas Little Theatre in the same area as Thai Style Noodle House.  It was a no brainer as this was a place I was going to try when I got to it.  Yesterday was that time.I got a regular iced tea and I ordered the Thai spice noodles--spice level 6.  Since I didn't know how they interpret their 1 - 10 scale, I thought I'd go lower and add additional heat if needed.  The service was very good.  In about 5 minutes, I had my plate of pan fried noodles made with vegetables and chicken.  Their 6 is more equivalent to 8 at other places so I chose wisely.  My server brought me the 4 jars common to Thai places in case in needed to spice it up a bit.The noodles were very good.  It was a filling meal.  For less than $10, I had dinner and my iced tea.  The place was quiet on this Saturday afternoon.  There was one larger family group and two women at another table.
4	Food is not bad for the price. Good place to go for thai food and for cheap. It's hard to find.
4	Went here for dinner Saturday night. I have been here a number of times and the food is consistently good and reasonably priced. We initially tried to go to Lotus of Siam, which is our favorite, but didn't want to wait 45 minutes to eat so we kept going to Thai Noodle. The location is small with maybe ten tables or so. Service is good. I had the Panang salmon avocado which came with rice, I think it was around $10. Ordered it medium spicy, which was really not spicy for me, but it was delicious. I wouldn't initially think hot avocado as something I would like but it works really well in this dish.  I love that they give you a lot of sauce to because I like soaking the sauce up with the rice. Also, the salmon was a pretty decent size, 3 pieces maybe 1 1/2 inches by 3 inches or so, I was very full by the time we were done. We also had the combo appetizer platter, the satay was good and the food on the app was tasty but most of it was fried so I probably would opt for the pot stickers next time. If you are looking for a good Lotus alternative I would definitely keep this in mind.
4	We ordered the devliery service while staying at THEHotel. It took them a while to figure out where THEHotel was and they delivered to the valet and we picked it up. Pad Thai: Good but not the best I have had. The noodles were extra thin so that was interesting. Drunken Noodles: OMG! YUMMMY!!!!! My wife ordered that and I wish I had! Thai Iced Tea: Perfect! Price: Super budget friendly!!
4	This is my go to place for cheap and fast Thai food!!!! My go to dishes are papaya salad, larb, chicken panang and an order of sticky rice. Their sticky rice is always a hit or miss. Food always comes out quick. Servers are quick and attentive. It's a small place so I always avoid going during the lunch hour.
3	Decent food at a decent price.
4	Prices are reasonable...fried rice, Thai flat noodle with Duck, and the yellow curry is delicious!  However, they burnt my fried calamari :(
5	I was so happy with this past trip to Vegas. No... I didn't gamble and win a lot of money. But  I did find a few hole in the walls with great food and great prices. Thai Style Noodle House was our first stop. The restaurant is small and we filled up half the restaurant with our table of 8. The first thing I noticed was the crazy mural on the wall... I didn't like the Vegas motif mixed with Thai gods. But the second thing I noticed, which I was very happy about, was how well priced everything was. All their items sounded really good. I was naturally gravitated towards the duck dishes because I rarely see duck on menus. I had one of my friends share with me so I could try more than one item. We got a fried flat noodle dish and the duck curry.Both dishes came out with big portions but more so for the duck curry. It came in a bigger bowl than the other curry dishes. This part of the review is very IMPORTANT! Do yourself a favor and skip the Thai Tea... Sure it's good and all but you got to order the Coconut Juice. It might just be the most refreshing drink you ever had. I ordered a Thai Tea but when I tried my friend's Coconut Juice, I asked one of my friends on the other far end of the table to take it off my hands so I can order the coconut juice. My Laotian friend also stated how authentic the food was. Laos and Thailand are close and share similar dishes.
4	Came with Yelper Scott W. for lunch since he was in town. I haven't been here in years. There's other Thai in the area I usually hit up and if I want to eat at TSNH, there are other locations closer to home. It seemed they painted and it looks cleaner in here than what I remember. We started with a appetizer of potstickers. It's standard potstickers, but good. They do a trio of sauces swirled on it, not the typical soy based sauce. I got a rice plate of spicy thai basil with pork at a 6 level which wasn't that spicy so I doused it with hot sauce. I like my spicy, Thai level spicy and since I haven't been here in a while, I wanted to go middle of the road to gauge it. Still the flavor of it was good though.Scott got red curry I believe with chicken and I took a bite and it was rather good. It was oddly more spicy than mine even though he got less spice level.Service was decent enough. My water was refilled which is appreciated in this crazy heatwave. For a appetizer, 2 entrees and a drink for $22, this is some cheap eats. Definitely the prices are great since most is about $7. I don't think the quality suffers from it either as both entrees had food flavor and a decent amount of food.
4	Small little mom & pop restaurant; if you're going to come here with a big group then you might have to wait. Great place to come after a night of partying & clubbing on the LV strip where you know you're trying to get over a hangover hahaha.. =)Noodles were very tasty & Yummy...5 starsPad keep Mao: Not greasy / oily but yummy 4 starsPad Thai so so yummy & tatsty noodles were awesome 5 starsPapaya Salad yummy & had a spicy kick to it. 4 starsThai Tea: yummy & thirst quenching 4 starsFood: A - (Portions are generous, but to go orders are very small) Don't order to go because the portions that they give in their to go orders are so so much smaller than when you sit down & eat inside the restaurant. -1Service: B-  (can be a bit slow)Decor: A - (interesting giant mural on the wall for you to check out while you eat) =)
4	Great Salmon!
4	I was introduced to this place over the summer by a local. It instantly became a favorite of mine as well. I absolutely love the 19 which if my memory serves me correctly is the coconut soup. The blend of herbs, spices and coconut is amazing. I have eaten here twice. Both time I got the soups and shared with a friend. As well tried several of their Thai dishes. I haven't eaten anything here I wouldn't order again. All the food is freshly prepared and tasty. To bad I don't live in Vegas because not only is the place tasty. The portions are huge and the prices are nice. I will be making this one of my must stops anytime I am in Vegas.
5	I've been going here for years. Probably the best Thai food I've had in Vegas. They give the right portion and the prices are reasonable and service is top notch! Try their duck fried rice or the pot stickers and their Tom yum noodle soup. This is better than Archi's, and Kung Fu, and even Lotus of Siam!  Also I'm Thai and I approve of Thai style noodle house!
5	It's cheap, it's tasty, good portion sizing, the service has been great every time we've gone, great variety of dishes, never a wait for a table, they do delivery for $1 within a 3 mile radius.I'd probably avoid the edamame, won ton noodle soup and green curry is a bit watery.Chicken Pad Thai, crispy pork with chinese broccoli, thai special fried noodle, tom yum noodle soup all really delicious. Would definitely recommend you to go and give it a try!
4	There's just something about seeing a papaya salad filled with chillis in my friend's plate that always makes me smile. I personally can't eat his "Can I get anything above level-10 spicyness?" We ordered the "go-to" plates: Pad Thai with Chicken and Duck Fried Rice, both were delicious, although I didn't enjoy the cinammon-y taste of the duck. The Orange chicken dish had a good amount of crunch, and good amount of sauce where it didn't become my new lip gloss for the afternoon. It is a small locale and parking could be a doozy due to the crowds of Spring Mtn. Road but overall definitely a must try!
5	This place ROCKS! Came here on a whim, had the Tom Yum,duck Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and a special dish (duck over rice noodles), it was 9PM and the place was packed... we love the food so much we came back the next day for lunch and it was again packed, family of 4 can get away with $25. Portions are large.. the wings were nothing to write home about but most of the dishes we tried were very tasty. Oh and the Thai Ice Tea was awesome... my new favorite place in Chinatown LV
4	I live just several blocks from here well within walking distance for me, About 1.5 Miles west of Strip in Chinatown area on Spring Mountain Rd. for tourists. For me it's a stop by place every once in awhile for lunch or early dinner, I generally have enough to take home for another meal. It's a neighbothood restaurant in Chinatown and that's what you get in terms of ambiance. In terms of Quality they are alwys respectful, cheerful and though tend to be more businesslike than friendly they do an excellant job. The food is not gourmet nor are the prices. you get what you pay for. I have never had a bad experience here. If you want or require a strict vegetarian diet and desire Oriental fare, certainly you can rely on them.
4	Maribel T. found this place. We met up with her BFF here on a Friday night and it wasn't busy at all. There were about 9 of us that ate. The other half got there before us and ordered a whole bunch of appetizers. We then ordered some entrees and everything was good! I ordered the Beef Pad Thai, my friend got the Yellow Curry Chicken and Pineapple Fried Rice and Maribel T. ordered fried pork. Everything was Yummy! I was surprised with myself that I actually liked the curry as I am not really into curry. I'm either getting use to it, or their curry wasn't too curry for me, it was just right.  The prices are also reasonable, I think our tab was around $125 which was about 9 different entrees and quite a few orders of appetizers.Maribel T. told me they have good papaya salad from Yelp reviews. I usually go on Yelp before trying out a new restaurant, but I didn't go it this time. I should have gone with my gut feeling in ordering papaya salad...I ended up craving it later one...Ha! a reason to go back here :)Why 4 stars, instead of 5 stars? A little hard to find and I didn't like that the waitresses kept looking at our table to see if we were done eating, instead of coming up to our table and ask if we were done, give us our check or ask us if we needed boxes. One of my pet peeves is being stared at while eating or the feeling of being rushed...Overall a good experience!
5	A new favorite Thai food place for me in Vegas.  Ordered the BBQ pork fried rice, glass noodle salad, pork and fish ball soup with vermicelli, and large Thai iced tea and large coconut juice for the misses.  First off the large drinks come in a large stein glass.  The size you should get since its so freaking hot out in the desert.  You will be hydrated once you finish the large drink.  The fried rice is soft and flavorful.  Not dry like other places.  Hight recommend you guy to try it out.  They don't skimp on the BBQ pork.  Glass noodle salad was spot on.  Had ground pork and shrimp mixed with romain lettuce, shredded carrots, red onions all mixed in the Thai lime juice.  A very colorful dish.  Lastly the pork and fish ball soup was very simple.  Sometimes it's tough to keep a dish simple, but the dish tasted very homemade.  Not too far away from the strip, plentiful parking, accepts credit cards, friendly service, great food at very wallet friendly prices.  5 stars easy.  Will go back again and I suggest you do the same.
4	thai food is probably my favorite asian cuisine of all time and i can eat thai food every single day. after moving to vegas from houston i've had deep cravings for some authentic thai food and my manager told me about this place on wynn rd.it's a hole in the wall place and parking is a bit strange. (i usually park at the rental offices/warehouse parking lot behind the restaurant) the restaurant is EXTREMELY small, it probably sits about fifteen people total. i've never dined in but the place is always packed when i go in for my pick up order. tom yum soup is to die for, omg i can eat this every day!spicy basil fried rice is super yummy, i got it with chicken.i also got a spicy rice noodle plate that is similar to the pad kee mao, which is usually my favorite thai noodle dish, and it was alright...could be spicier.their spice level ranges from 1-10 and i order a 7 for everything.their thai tea is probably the most amazing thai tea i have ever had, they give you a HUGE cup if you order a large. (feeds probably three people but i am a fatass)to sum up, this has probably become my go-to thai place if i've ever craving thai, (which is all the time) and i recommend this place!
4	I alwayse order lunch from noodle house atleast once a week when im at work, usually get it for delivery. I usually call in my order right when they open up so I won't have to wait long for my food, but overall they are very quick when it comes to delivery. I love there green curry( kaeng kiew) it is soooo delicious! And make sure to get it spicy:) i like mines spicy to the MAX. If your not into curry thats fine also cause they have plenty of good food to choose from. Another one of there popular dish I usually order is pad kua kai(fry noodle with eggs) it is sooo yummy. The food portion is perfect also,not to little and not too much. Being thai, I give this place 2 thumbs up :)
4	Was ok for a brunch from late night partying... Portions were really small.. Good service tho..
5	Handing out 5 star ratings after starving for 4 hours in a long drive from Los Angeles is irresponsible huh? Then why do I still think about this place?pineapple.fried.rice. I will be back for you.
3	Good food but horrible service. At the time I went the minimum for card was $15. At the other location I was short like 17 cents & they took my card anyway, saving me the hassle & money in buying another drink item. Here the lady was very rude about it to me & my friends. When I tried to explain to her that I'm only a few cents short of the minimum & that the other location certainly could still do the transaction even with my situation, she just ignored me or said nonono. The Thai tea that time tasted horrible & I usually like the Thai tea there. I dunno what was with that lady but I just thought it was dumb how they refuse to do the transaction when noodle house 2 gladly told me that it was fine. I still love the food here but will be going to Noodle house 2. The location is better & staff is more nicer.
5	Good Thai food at extremely reasonable prices.Ordered the papaya salad, crab fried rice, a noodle dish, curry and a soup.  Everything was good.  Only problem was the consistency of the heat level, we ordered the same heat level for every dish but some dishes were considerably more spicy than others.  It didn't really bother me but I can see how it could be a problem for others.  Will definitely be back the next time I want some Thai food in Vegas.
5	By far some the best Thai food I've had while living in Las Vegas. Amazing food and the prices are amazing. Two people can eat here for less than 20 bucks in most cases.
4	Thanks to the yelpers for reviews and tips.  This place is small but the food was beyond my expectation.  Duck fried rice was as good as they say, duck curry was thai as expected, and the pad thai was tasty and fresh.  For lunch and a bargin price, i will be back
5	Been coming here for years,just letting you know they have a lunch menu they dont give out unless you ask since its such a steal.your welcome
5	The food is awesome. The pad Thai dish is my favorite. Get it wig he pork. All the Thai noodle dishes are great too. Especially if you like spicy. The service is great. Just wish they would get a bigger place. They're very popular.
5	Excellent food, reasonable price and great atmosphere.  I love these "hole in the wall" places. I will definately go back next time I am in Vegas. I recommend any of the fried rice choices. And the yellow curry can be as spicey as you like it.
2	One thing I will give this place is the prices of their food. Their normal entrees of Thai staples like fried rice, pad thai, and pad see ew were pretty decently priced. For the price, the portions weren't too bad at all. For the taste and the service, it's a little bit iffy.When I received my order of pad thai, the thing I noticed was a good third of my plate was occupied by bean sprouts and the rest of noodles. They have this illusion that you got a lot of food, when all you got was an average amount. I did not really like how they did that, but it was $6.95, what's there to complain about? The taste of the pad thai was how you expect it to taste, so nothing funky there. When the pad see ew came, a lot more food looked present than in the pad thai. That was a very good sign to me! But the bad thing was that it had a funky after taste that I'm not use to. It's not the typical taste that I have had at other places, and the aftertaste wasn't a good aftertaste either. I don't know if that's how they normally make it or it was just that day, but I didn't like it too much. The fried rice that my friends ordered though, especially the fried chicken fried rice looked pretty epic... I should have gotten that, had I known how much they would give for that. Well, their portions were good, but it didn't really make up for the service that bothered me a little bit. The waitresses were nice and served us appropriately. They took our orders in a timely fashion and refilled our waters before it hit the bottom of the glass, but the thing that bothered me was that they rushed our party a little bit toward the end of our meal. This particular location is a little small, and so larger parties are going to have a hard time being seated. My party consisted of 6 and we had a little trouble being seated. When another party came in that was 6 as well, they kind if made it a point they wanted us out to sit the next people. I understand it's a business and they want to make money, but you shouldn't shoo away the customers that you have for the next set. That's fairly rude if you ask me. So after a bit, my friends finished eating and we headed out. I won't be coming back here under my own choosing. I'm not really big on the service, or the taste of the Thai food, but it's decently cheap for the portions they give you and so if you want value, I will recommend this place, but not so much on taste & service.
5	I LOVED this place.  I especially like that it is small and no frills, just amazing food and service. I had the BEST broth in Las Vegas for noodle soup here. All of the food was seasoned and made with care.PROS: Chicken noodle soup             Broth             Papaya Salad (medium heat)             Greens with crispy pork             PRICES!!!!!             They will see me again sooner than later.
4	Food was very very delicious enjoyed the curry and the price is very good. The only thing i dont like was my appetizer "egg roll" but everything was gread and had a good service.
5	This place is 4.5* to me but I'll bump them up just cuz they were so nice. Good food, plentiful portions, and a reasonable cost. Friendly staff checked in on us multiple times to see if we needed anything else and even taught my friend a word in Thai. Will definitely been using their free delivery soon. My only complaint is that they need to stay open later!
5	Wonderful little Thai food restaurant. Roast Duck Curry is phenomenal. Prices are very fair. If you like Thai food it is worth a visit!
3	1/5 for the interior.5/5 for the food.Average: 3 stars. Seems a little unfair because I loved the food that I got here! The law of small numbers sucks and that's math for you.Okay so upon walking in, you can see clearly that it is just a hole in the wall kind of restaurant. I will go as far as saying that if I were to sit down and eat here, it is like eating in the bathroom of a gas station. I'm truly sorry if I just ruined your appetite. Instead, I asked for a to-go order of a papaya salad and a red curry with tofu. The papaya salad was extremely fresh because the vegetables were very nice and crunchy. Love it!!! Similarly, the red curry had just the right amount of viscosity while being flavorful and delicious and full of fresh ingredients. So good that I ate half the container without even realizing it. I plan on coming back for more as I'm now a  huge fan of the food here!
1	Having read the reviews before I went here, I was surprisingly disappointed. The one star is for the poor customer service, the food is nothing exceptional. The first thing you notice when you walk in us that is smells like bad breath! Eeeew! Should have been our first red flag!We were a party of four on a Thursday afternoon and the place is small and crowded. Waited for a hostess to seat us and was told 10 minutes to wait for a table when they clearly had a clean table for four ready in the back corner. It was very awkward standing in the doorway as people came in and others left. A waitress gave us menus to look at while we stood in the entry way. About the same time a single man (who came in after us) was seated at the table for four that I mentioned earlier. WTF. Really?!?! We waited and were finally seated. The menu was greasy and had lots of misprints and old prices scribbled out with new prices written in. Not very professional or appetizing. The waitress was rude, slow and acted like our request for a side dish and chop sticks was a big inconvenience. The food was basic and boring. No real flavor. Who the hell serves mayonnaise on potstickers??? The Pad Thai was a small portion and half of my plate was just a huge handful of bean sprouts. The dish does not come with rice here, like it does in every other Thai restaurant in the world. Skimpy. I do not recommend this place to anyone based off of my experience today. We won't be back. So many other places nearby that truly respect their customers and deserve repeat business! Yuck!
2	Good taste but bad service .. Asked me to pay before I even finished eating half way ..
4	Other reviews were spot on about the Decor and the Food. The Decor is lacking but I was waited on quickly and my food came to me within a few shot minutes. The Food is excellent and I highly recommend the Papaya Salad on Medium heat, just enough to have a little kick. I also had the Green Beans with Red Curry, also excellent, word to the wise, their hot scale is a real hot scale, so if you order a 10, be forewarned, it'll be HOT. Flavorful and hot. I'm sweating on an 8!
5	My all time favorite when im in town. Hidden gem!! This is usually my last stop before heading home. Don't need to say much. Everything on the menu is good and authentic. Prices are cheaper than other Thai places and food is better. Why would you even go to other places??I usually order either duck fried rice or green curry with pork. Sometime I even order another duck fried rice to go to bring back to LA, hehe.Spicy fried rice is also good. I feel like there's this special taste in all their fried rices that makes it better than others, but I just can't figure out what it is.
3	the first time we had the tom yum noodle soup  here , it was soooo delicious !on our second and third visit , it tasted nothing like tom yum at all . I think they changed the cook in this restaurant , and the taste is different now.had the papaya salad on our last visit , and didn't really liked it . the fried banana with ice cream for desert was not bad .
5	I am here a couple of times a week for takeout - amazing noodles and coconut juice!  They have great customer service and are always accurate with their takeout orders.  The chicken pad-thai is a must!
4	This is my go-to spot for good, cheap Thai. I first learned Thai(dining, that is) in lower east side NYC, so I laugh at most $ Thai joints in Vegas... then I leave and come here. Desserts and all noodle dishes is far are all fabulous; dumplings are to-doe for; spice noodles; flat noodles; tom kha is delish--not funky or old like most places in Vegas.  I have yet to try duck here; the papaya salad was too skimpy and boring the one time I tried it. It gets super-crowded around dinner time on weekends.
4	Almost missed it as I drove by. Phone ordered for take out. Got the Duck fried rice and calamari. Good prices, great flavor not too greasy. Happy tummy.
3	Delish food (sans the fish balls), but the service seemed preferential and slow, which wasn't too much of a problem given we wanted to visit, but it made for an unwelcome feel.
2	Didn't like the uncooked chicken and oily curry.  The roast duck curry was mainly fatty peice a and hardly enjoyable.  I did enjoy the yummy potstickers and iced Thai tea.  I wish I didn't have to feel concerned about getting sick.  Not coming back.
4	When in Vegas, you think you'd find everything on the Strip, but Chinatown has a few gems just a few miles away. My friend took me here for lunch and it was a great place for some tasty food and for a mild hangover. We ordered the duck fried rice and pad thai. The duck fried rice was delicious! Fried just enough, slightly sweet, and plenty of duck. I really, really enjoyed this dish. The pad thai was also good, not too special but just a staple when you go to a Thai restaurant. It was pretty poppin on a Saturday so get ready for a bit of a wait but so worth it! Definitely try to get away from the Strip to try this place!
5	Oh Man this place is amazing.I was alittle skeptical about this place because it was called Thai Noodle house but they serve all sorts of curries and regular dishes as well. Highly recommendDuck Fried RiceAny of the Salmon Curry dishes in the Chef's specials section. we tried 4 dishes plus dessert and were blown away by the amount of flavor this place packed. would love to go again.
4	Hidden place in the same plaza as Pho Kim Long. Ate the pad thai, beef noodle soup, crab fried rice and basil beef, all were pretty good compare to other thai places in Vegas.  Thai ice tea were actually real thai ice tea, and price is decent. I rather go here then Pho Kim Long. Place is small but it does get crowded as alot of locals goes here and other tourist that know about this place. So go during off hour as we did if you don't want to wait.
2	Having read the reviews for Thai Style Noodle House I was really downhearted by the results. I found this location on yelp after some grocery shopping. The picture that are posted will tell the short version of this long tale!Thai Style Noodle House is small and can only sit a very limited amount of people. This is not the best place for a party greater than 4-6 people. The table are usually set for two people and if a table with 4 shows they will combine a table for you. They only have two racks of hot sauce  holders which you must share with all the table in the restaurant. My table of two ordered Chicken Pad Thai, Chu Chee Salmon, and Duck Fried Rice. I also had the Thai Style Ice Tea. The place would have received four stars but some error occurred on the waitress side. I placed an order for Thai Style Ice Tea in the beginning when they ask for drinks. She returns with water for my guest and nothing for me. She places our three orders and I start to wait. Once the chicken pad thai and duck fried rice has arrived I informed her about my miss drink. She recalls and bring me the Thai Style Ice Tea. I highly recommend the pad thai because it was delicious and the thai style ice tea. I was a little disappointed in the duck fried rice since it seem to have more pork than duck. We informed the waitress that we have not gotten the Chu Chee Salmon and she informed us it was coming. By the time we finish the pad thai and was almost done with the duck fried rice the Chu Chee Salmon has arrived. I am guess she has forgot about the order until the reminder. As the two star states: "Meh. I've Experienced better."
2	smallest papaya salad I ever seen ,pad see ew lack of flavor,but the pad thai was good,msg for sure its in the dishes average dish $7.50 throat was dry after eating here
5	The food was so good that we came twice during our short visit in Las Vegas.  Pineapple curry was wonderful.  We also had salmon curry under the specials.  Fresh ingredients.  This is a small restaurant which a big party would not be accommodated. Very casual & a bit noisy but pleasant dining experience.
4	TRY THIS PLACE!I've tried quite a few ramen houses, thai shops and chinese food hole-in-the-wall establishments in Chinatown, and I have to say this is DEFINITELY one of my favorites. Heres why:- Tom Yum - the best frickin tom yum I have EVER had.- Pad Thai - was delish- Curry - traditional and new wave selections, and very good!- Thai Iced Tea - not only is it very good, but they offer an XL size for the inner fat kid.- Price - SPOT ON. Where I would normally spend $30-40 on the same meal (my girlfriend and I always get the same items the first time we try a new place), this place cost $23. This allowed me to tip the waitress with more than what she deserved. Everyone is happy :)-The 'ramen' (it was not called ramen here) was also very good, the broths are savory and the meat included is perfect for the amount of soup/noodle/veggie.The choices are interesting: duck, salmon, many different traditional thai dishes and flavors prove that a one time dining experience will leave you craving the sequel.
3	I've been coming here for a few years and its the same experience every time. Food is great but service isn't the best. I think that's to be expected from any restaurant in china town though. Anyways the pot stickers are amazing, just spicy enough. I get them every time along with fried rice and orange chicken. Service like I said is just okay. You always have to flag them down for something and they practically run away when they drop your food off so you can't really ask for anything. I love this place despite all that.
5	Service isn't always the best, but the food is fantastic!The papaya salad there is so refreshing and so tasteful. I also love the vegetable tum yum soup and the pad-thai. I also like that their hot tea is a mix of green and chai tea.The best part is that it's inexpensive. Love this place !!
4	The star of our lunch at Thai Style Noodle House was the Panang Curry with shrimp and avocado $7.95. Typically, I prefer green or yellow Thai curry, but the Panang curry is out of sight! The shrimp and avocado are the perfect accompaniment.We  also ordered yellow curry with pumpkin and chicken and pad Thai with chicken. Although tasty, they don't deserve more than a fleeting mention. Will definitely come back and try this place again.
4	Be careful when you ask for spicy, because you will get exactly what you asked for. That was our first mistake the first time, LOL.  Jesse and I love spicy, but we were sweating just on the appetizer we told them to please refrain from making the rest of our plates spicy too.  So a word of advice, go with either Mild or Medium and if it is not spicy enough, add your own spices!  The next few times around we are educated in the spice levels.  Our usual go to's for Thai plates are Papaya Salad (Fresh and Crispy), Tom Yum Soup (Delicious with white rice), then something curry or seafood.  Their Tom Yum is bomb...like as in good =)  Service is awesome and this place gets rather busy.  One time we waited around for them to open and we weren't the only ones waiting around.  If you are a vegetarian, there are lots of choices for you here.  Its always one of our favorite spots when were in Chinatown.
5	Best salad ever!.  best thai food i ever had.
5	I love this place!!! Noodle House has the best Asian food right off the strip. It's only a couple minutes away from the Palazzo and is cheap for the portions. Kua Khai noodles are amazing!!! I make it a part of every trip to Vegas to make it out to this restaurant. It's a small family run place. It can get busy with the locals coming in during lunch or dinner hours but the food is worth it! I wish this place was in Orange County
5	NOM NOM. I sure love this place!! I try and make a visit here every time I am in town. Not only is it a great value, it is DELICIOUS!1. Pad ThaiExactly what you'd expect... a plate full of delicious tangy, sweet and sour noodles (spiciness to your liking, of course) with an abundance of chicken, bean sprouts, and of course, FLAVOR!2. Tom Ka Khai (Coconut sour soup)Definitely recommended if you're... ya know. hung over. Really great flavor and very comforting.3. Fried chicken slices over fried riceOh my gawd. I know my friend chicken, and this fried chicken was breaded and fried to perfection. I was SUPER full when I took my first bite of this, and I simply could not stop.Whether you're a local or a tourist like me, I highly recommend this place!
4	Thai style noodle house is one of my favorite food options while in Las Vegas. They have fantastic prices and always delivered to caesars palace valet where I typically stayed. They always remembered me as the guy at caesars as I frequently visit las vegas and order from them. I thought it was very nice for them to remember their customers. Would continue to order from them while in town! Just be careful about the spice level because it could ruin your whole meal if it's too spicy. Don't get me wrong now, the food is still delicious but just impossible to eat without burning your whole mouth!
5	Pad Thai was delicious.Chu Chee Salmon was yummy.Yen Tao Fo was incredible. Papaya Salad was fantastic.This sums up my review.
3	I was really impressed by the service in this little dump :) Why are they even serving water from tap when all the employees drink only bottle water ???? WHY!!!!!!I had vegetarian Tom Ka .. it was average I would say .. I've had way better and even tho I've been here many times won't return .. tired of average stuff :)
4	If I'm in the China Town area this is my go-to place for Thai. Every dish we've ordered is good. My husband's favorite is the pad see eu and my kids love the pineapple fried. I love pad thai and this place never disappoints. The place is small and can get crowded. There's no waiting area so you have to stand by the front door for a table when it's busy, this can be tricky when your with a family of five.
3	I had the shrimp pad thai and veggie egg rolls for lunch.  The egg rolls and the sauce that was with it was yummy!  The pad thai was disappointing- the noodles were clumped together, the egg was undercooked and there were too many sprouts for my tastes.  While I waited for my order I thought it was a bit gross that the girls were busing tables, bringing out food, finishing food off with toppings, and exchanging money all without washing their hands between duties. Yuck!
5	The Noodle House is a gem. I bring all my out of town guests here as well as my friends. I tell them, this is a small hole in the wall, and it is a treasure in Chinatown to those who frequent the restaurant. Being small, I am mindful to come between prime time meal rushes to avoid a wait. The servers have come to know me, and I believe in the last two years I have only seen the same two girls! The tables can be very close so it is not the place for an intimate conversation, and close enough where I become friends with a neighboring diner!!!I love their noodle dishes, however at the suggestion of a young Thai woman (my neighbor dining friend" suggested I try the Salmon Avocado Panang Curry with a heat of 8 and I am in LOVE! I cannot get enough of it! The combination of flavors, and the fat textures of the coconut cream and avocado with chili oil to cut it is a pairing made in heaven.Happy Eating DMW
5	I love this place. The Pad See Ew is my favorite. You must go with the Thai Hot to kick your food up. I am on level 5 out of 10. The goal is to get to 10 and see if I can handle the heat. My new favorite is the Tom Yum Soup with Chicken and wide noodles. Nice cozy place and more than one location which is always a good thing. The prices are fair and the portions are generous. I am Thai foodie and I've eaten at some of the best Thai restaurants from Los Angeles to San Francisco and I will say this place is at the top of the list. Oh, don't forget when you order the shrimp fried rice, make it Thai Hot. The heat in Thai food is what makes it so great!
4	Looking for a different place while shopping in Chinatown and I was right next to this little hole in the wall. A small place with not many seats available and we were lucky to get the last table. Undecided I ordered the pas se ew. It was a perfect amount for dinner. Very flavorful and the used Chinese broccoli that tasted like Italian broccoli, which had a bitter taste, I liked it! I also got to enjoy the crab Rangoon. Very creamy and plenty of filling in the fried wonton. So many good looking dishes on the tables next to us, I can't wait to go back to attack this menu!
4	Sooo ridiculously busy tonight!! I think word has gotten out. This place was already crammed, now it's packed to the gills and the two servers can barely keep up. I think it's time to hire more help and get a bigger place.
4	Stopped by here for a quick lunch this week and man was it busy here! I didn't have to wait for a table but a lot of people that came afterwards had to wait about 10 min for one to clear up, so if it's during peak meal time, don't be in a hurry if you decide to stop by! I've been craving pad thai all week and decided to try theirs because of their name - Thai Style Noodle House. The noodles were good, a little thinner than I'm used to but delicious with a nice sweet flavor and were served with a side of raw/fresh bean sprouts which were a nice compliment to the noodles. The pad thai w/ pork was super cheap at $6.95! Wow, what a deal! I will definitely be coming back for more pad thai as well as to try some of their other dishes when I have more time!Service was ok because they were so busy it seemed like the 2 waitresses were overwhelmed most of the time I was there. At the end I wanted to leave so I ended up just handing them 10 bucks as I was starting to get up to go, even though I hadn't gotten my bill yet. Again, don't come here if you're in a hurry...did I cover that enough in this review?
5	My sister and I wanted to try a new spot in Vegas.  I didn't care where we went, and so my sister picked this place.  The place was pretty backed when we got there.  People would come in and out constantly.  When we got there, we were sat down immediately. When it came down to ordering, we ordered the seafood noodle soup and crab fried rice.  Although the icons on the menu signified our items were spicy, they weren't really at all.  I had asked the waitress if they had anything that would make our food spicier, and the lady said no.  Too bad for me...I love super spicy food.  Anyway, both items tasted pretty good.  I was eating hungover, and usually I don't really eat when hungover.  It somewhat curbed my hungover.  Thank goodness.
5	Yum. Big bowls. Khua-Kai Rice Noodle  combination is beef, pork, chicken, and shrimp. Great sauce and bean sprouts underneath were nice and chilled. Seafood soup is a little spicy, but delicious. Plenty of shrimp and mussels. Out of duck. A very busy hole in the wall place, but well worth it. Try to come during non-peak hours and the experience is better. When you tire of the endless buffets and out of the bag foods, come here a for great meal that is filling and not expensive.
3	Prices reasonable. Most dishes $6.95, some include jasmine rice. Pad see ew just OK, flavors not complex. Green chicken curry left a lot to be desired - too salty, too many vegetables, but zero eggplant and zero basil - my least liked version of my favorite Thai dish. Even the basil stir fry had no basil ?? The tom yum was good, sour, with lots of shrimp. Thai iced tea good: large, sweet.
4	I have to update mostly on the service because the food is still the same (amazing haha). They have gotten so much better!! A smile every time I come in and they actually check up on me a few minutes after the food is dropped. They are quick on the refills and I'm just sooooo much happier with the service.
4	We came here on a Wednesday night and ordered 1. beef pad see ew 6.952. house style tom yum with flat rice noodle 6.953. Sticky rice and mango 3.95for $22- Turn on Wynn Rd and park in the back. Small restaurant on the side. - We arrived at 730pm, and the wait time was 5 minutes.- Tight seating. So close that I was wondering what show Carlo's Bakery is and someone replied Cake Boss. haha. - We got our order in very quickly and our food in about 10 minutes. - Pad see ew was average but for that price in LV, it was really good - Loved the soup. Not many Thai restaurants around here make soup like that. Noodle hose style. We got a 6/10 and it was still pretty spicy. Good to share. - Perfect for groups less than 4. - Not much mango. small slices. Sticky rice grains were a bit hard.- Nice hole in the wall. China town vibe. Definitely coming back for more.
4	Reasonable pricing! Soups are good as well as appetizers! Service is a bit slow though. Overall good food though!
5	I have heard many great things about this place so I definitely had to find out for myself! It is a small restaurant but I love small restaurants! The food definitely tasted authentic and the pad Thai was on point! We also had green curry which had a lot of flavor in it as well! And I loved how cheap it was I definitely consider this to be my favorite Thai place in vegas now!
3	Good food overall the service can improve personally expectations met but the other table had a misorder. Overall average dining experience. Love the thai iced tea and chowmein
4	Tom ka coconut soup w flat noodle and the tom yum special w flat noodles are excellent choices. Appetizer- tried the papaya salad. They all rate a spiciness between 1-10. Got a 5 on all and still had a kick to it.
4	As a local, I love it when I find places like this around town. I came here for the first time tonight, and the food was great! Location-wise, it's a little hole in the wall place across the street from 99 Ranch Market. The prices were just right - I ordered the pork pad see ew and it was $6.95. There were five of us in our group, and our total bill was around $45, a great deal! I give this place 4/5 stars because the service wasn't totally top notch, we only got our drinks refilled at the end of our meal, and our waitress only checked on us once. If it were busy, I would have easily forgiven that, but it wasn't busy at all, so I think checking on us a couple times couldn't have hurt.
5	We went there last week. Everything was delicious. We tried yentafo, hoi tod, and pork salad. The server was very nice. they have great price too
1	The service here is so slow. I order ed my food at 430 Pm and its still now done. Hurry up.
5	One of the best Thai food places I've eaten by far. The atmosphere is nothing to brag about and you can only seat about 20 people inside but the food is phenomenal! The pricing is cheap and they give you very good sized portions. Highly recommend! You won't be dissappointed.
4	I am a regular here so Idk how much that effects the overall outcome of my experience, but I would recommend the Khua Kai noodles and their roast duck soup is my favorite in town.
4	The pad Thai is very flavorful. All the prices are pretty reasonable especially for how much food you get. Off the beaten path but worth a try.
4	I stumbled across this small thai noodle house, decided to give it a try based on reviews.  Upon initial arrival the size of restaurant was small , but definitely determined to try something new than the usual restaurants near by.The food was flavorful and cost was cheap.Definitely an overall good experience.
1	My first 1-star review...  for a place that received an average of 4-stars, and upon our visit had line waiting out the door.  Here is the chronology of what happened:We initially went to Pam Real Thai just a mile over based on the review.  Looked really interesting, but alas, it was closed because they were only open for dinner.  So we looked up this place on Yelp and decided to head over.  First impression good, there were a couple of party waiting outside for a table for this small joint.  About 100 degrees outside so not too pleasant, but looking forward to the food.  We put our name in for 2, but there was a party of 9 in front that they said would need to be seated first.  No problem.  We wait about 10 minutes, and the big party goes in to get seated.  In the meantime there were a couple other small parties that came around, but we didn't pay attention too much.  Another big party of 8 comes, puts their name in, and waits.  10 minutes or so later, the party of 8 goes in!  I go inside to check out what's going on, and the small parties that came after us are also seated already!  So I go over to the counter and ask them when we were going to get seated, they look at the "wait list" and our name is still on it, with people below us crossed out!  What the heck?  They realize, say "oh", and says, "sit over there" and points to the empty table.  No apologies, just a point of a finger.  Man, food must be really good here to tolerate this, I thought.  We later witness that there is another party getting a similar treatment so notching this one as an inefficient system that has got to get fixed.Service does not improve as the meal goes on, however.  We flag the server down to order our drinks and food, never got served water, and they never checked up on us for the meal.  Onto the meal.  We ordered a Thai Iced Tea, Thai Iced Coffee (no difference as Vietnamese one), Yellow Curry, and Spicy Fried Rice.  In general, everything was good.  But both the curry and rice was too salty.  The dishes were plain, no garnishments, and smaller in size to justify the cheaper price.  So not necessarily a bargain.  Tea was good, no complaints, coffee was typical.  So overall 3-stars for the meal.  If it wasn't so salty, the curry would have been great.So throughout the meal, the servers never approached us, we called them EVERY TIME.  To order, to ask for anything, to ask for the check.  That gets a zero in my book and I let the tip speak for that.  I pay for the food, I tip for the service.  Servers should always remember that, I don't care what you get paid.Table-for-1 Factor:  They had lone diners, so it is fine.  Whether they can accommodate you...
4	Delicious food prepared fresh, generous portions, reasonably priced.Don't let a hole in the wall kind of appearance fool you, food here is bomb. Tried their Pad See Eu and Rice plate with Cashew Nuts Entree- both were delicious!  The chef prepared them fresh from scratch for our order as we had requested them to be vegetarian (only with Tofu, no meat or egg). The spice was level was just right and food came out hot. Portions were more than generous at an unbeatable price. We ordered two main dishes and a Thai Ice Tea, the total came out to $17+ some change.Ambiance is rather run down and service is also a hit and miss, but the yummy food just makes up for it. Go here only for the delicious food (and when you are really hungry ;P) and not if you are looking for something fancy. Also, they are very particular about their closing time. The hostess turned away a party of ten who entered the restaurant at 9:30 pm (they close at 10:00 pm) as it would not have been possible to prepare & serve the entire order within that time frame.
3	This place had an interesting mural thats thau theme. I really like it. The staff were friendly and patient. The place is really small and fits about 30 people total. Expect to wait when is busy. I found the food was decent but not great. It tasted lacking in quality and taste. I am very particular about thai food and this place was lacking to me. Recommended to try but dont expect to be blown away.Rag na: 4/10Its was portioned big but lacking in flavorMongolian beef: 5/10Good kick and flavor, reasonably portionedGreen curry fried rice: 6/10Good and kicking in flavorPad see eu: 3/10I was sad Pros: prices, muralCons: lacking, smallStars: 3.25
5	My friend and I came here based on reviews and I must say, I thank yelp for this. I thank all of previous reviewers who had good experience with this restaurant. Away from the strip where everything is overpriced, I decided to drive out of the strip and look for something to eat. Their Pad Thai was only $6.50 or $6.99 and their duck and shrimp fried rice was only $8. But the moment we got our food, it was so much and it smelled really good. So we decided to devour it. We couldn't finish it. Their pad thai, they cooked it well with and peanuts were well spread out with the noodles that whenever you use your fork or chopstick and eat pad thai, grinded/crunched peanuts are spreaded out and stuck to the noodles that you can chew and taste it as you eat the noodles, it's well cooked.Their duck and shrimp fried rice is well cooked and tasted really well.
4	This is definitely more a 4.5 stars,  One of the best Thai restaurants I have been to ever and I live in one of the best foodie cities (San Francisco) in the world! There were 4 of us and 3 companions had the pad thai (different variations from tofu, shrimp and chicken) and all were very good! The noodle Tom Yum soup was also very good.  Came out piping hot  and has the good sweet and sour flavor you expect from a Tom Yum.  I had the chicken thai basil with brown rice and it was very flavorful and good portion size.  At around $6-7 per plate this was a bargain find and cannot wait to go back!
3	I give this place 3 stars because even though the portions looked big they were actually small. We left still feeling hungry. But to be fair, the flavors were very good & service was decent.
3	Came here while we were in vegas over MDW because we totally didnt trust the thai places in Henderson. Small place, food was whatevers. I got a thai style seafood noodle dish that came with a good amount of seafood. Bf got padthai, both were whatvers... spice level was on point. Waitress was nicee.
5	Googled noodle houses in Las Vegas and this one popped up. We read good and a bad review and decided to try it. LOVED everything. The potstickers are a must!  I had the combo pad Thai....amazing!  I wish I could have eaten it all. My husband had spicy Thai noodles. Excellent also. Super big portions. You will not leave hungry. We got here when it opened on a Tuesday and it filled up quick. Def a must have!
5	Another place I visited in china town and happens to be my favorite one for pad Thai beef and chicken there duck soup is amazing.. Anything I have tried here has me coming back the girls are very helpful and nice I had to write a review will come eat there again ..
5	The bottom line: Just off the strip, almost at walking distance (unpleasant walking, that is...) is this small hole-in-the-wall shop that surprised us with authentic, friendly, tasty Thai food.The Pros:  The food was as original as I remembered it from Thailand. The service was friendly and authentic. The place was packed with locals (as oppsed to us tourists). The price was more than fair.The Cons: The location is a bit off the beaten path.
5	Two words describe the food at this establishment "The Shit!" If you're looking for food that tastes as if Jesus Christ came back down to earth and made miracle food then look no further! Every bite was as if an atomic taste bomb was dropped in my mouth with flavor exploding in all directions covering all taste buds in a square mouth radius! Go here this is worth your hard earned dolla bills!
5	Pad thai is delicious, fried rice with shrimp is awesome and the mango sticky rice is on point. Price is great and you get pretty big servings, the pad thai can be shared between two. Thai tea is also great! This is one of my favorite places in china town.
5	My friends and I went here because one of them has been there and said that he loved it here (he's thai). It's in the Chinatown-looking area. It was bomb! And cheap!! My boyfriend and our two other friends ordered their well-known Beef Noodle Soup. I ordered the panang curry! I was able to try the beef noodle soup, and it was delicious!! The broth was super tastey. It reminded me of pho, but after you put all the hoisin sauce and chili to make it better. Like, the soup itself was like a ready-to-go pho that you don't need to add anything else. The panang curry definitely tasted "homemade"/"grandma recipe" kind of thing, which I loved about! There was just enough spices to make it just right in taste. I had it medium hot and it was good enough for me. The waitress was nice, and the food came out quick. No complaints there. The price is very reasonable for the portions you get as well. I'm definitely coming back if I visit Vegas soon!
4	Out of all the places to choose from in Chinatown this place is awesome. The pad Thai is what I usually get to compare to other Thai places. If they do this well the rest of the menu usually follows suit. Great flavors in the pad Thai and the Thai tea. Loved the pot stickers sauce. Definitely will be returning again.
4	I came here after EDC. The Tom Yum soup was Soo delicious. It was perfect even in 100+ weather. It was perfect for after EDC. The spicy Thai noodles wasn't that spicy but then again I have a high threshold for pain. Pad See Ew was delicious but who messes up Pad see ew?!? The only issue i had was with the pad Thai. It was dry and flavorless. Maybe it was a bad day. This placeIs tiny. They only have about 9-10 tables. A great help find.
3	When we first began coming to this restaurant, we enjoyed all of our food. However, the last time that we went our soups were not what they used to be. The salad's are still good though. One thing that hasn't changed is the good customer service. Our sever's always helpful and genuine.
2	Some of the food is good but their service sucks. Never checked on us and it was a mission trying to flag the lady down just to pay for our bill and to get a Togo box. Plus it's a super tiny place, it's not hard to check on us. Horrible customer service.
4	Tasty and cheap thai food after a tiring night out? What's not to like! Def beats the over price food on the strip. Will be coming here more often when visiting Vegas!
4	Small local Thai restaurant with great food.The customer serVice is Amazing for such a small busy place. We were greeted right away and our food came out fast and hot. I Got the drunken noodles and even my picky eater son loved it! The Thai tea is good too!
4	Some friends and I decided to check this place out due to the good ratings. We ordered chicken larb, green curry, and 2 noodle bowls. The prices are great, and the food we had was too. I loved my beef noodle bowl, just the right amount of spice i asked for. Worth checking out.
4	We found Thai Style Noodle House on Yelp and it was exactly what we were looking for at lunch. We started with dumplings which were quite good.  Mr R and I ordered spicy mint leaf noodles with chicken and panang curry with beef. The noodles were velvety instead of overly oily, they were amazing and our favorite dish of the meal. The 10 year old ordered the Tom Yum soup and loved it.The tap water was disgusting, it tasted chemically or treated somehow. I'd recommend the place!
5	Came here twice on my vacation to Vegas recently!! Their thai food is the best I've ever had! If you are visiting Vegas and craving Asian food I would definitely recommend you to try Thai Style Noodle House! Their prices are also extremely reasonable! And another great thing is that the restaurant has a location literally down the street from the Strip! So its a perfect place to go to when you want to have a quiet lunch away from the crowded life on the Strip! Their restaurant is small and can get busy during peak lunch or dinner hours! But I can assure you the wait is well worth it! During my visit we ordered a variety of dishes: Crab fried rice, pad thai, pad sae mau, thai beef salad, and yellow curry.All the dishes were spicy and yummy. Their food was seasoned extremely well! But my ultimate favorite dish was their yellow curry!!! I don't really like curry, but their curry was absolutely delicious. The consistency of their curry was not too watery or thick, it was just right! Their coconut flavor did not over power the curry. And their spiciness level was on point.If you're heading to Vegas for vacation! You should definitely stop here and give it a try! Its definitely worth it and you won't regret your decision :)
4	This is one of our "go-to" spots for Thai food, and it's centrally located so when the lunch crew is out at various spots we can all meet here. The restaurant itself is not very spacious yet it get packed fairly quickly at lunch time. Thus if you have a rather large group there could be a problem, also if you have small rambunctious rug rats there isn't a whole lot of room and things for them to do. The food has always been excellent. I recommend the chicken noodle soup with thin noodles or the chicken pad thai.THE MOST ANNOYING thing of this particular restaurant is that they have a Lunch SPECIALS MENU but never say anything and don't tell you about it. They keep it hidden and you have to ask for it every time and when you do they seem upset you asked. It's as if they make commission on lunch sales or something. It make me feel like they would rather have you pay full price for your meal. I don't know if they read these reviews, but here's an idea, include your lunch special menu into you main menu, like every other place, it's good advertisement to get your dinner crowds to come in at lunch time.
4	Little small restaurant, but cheap thai food around $7 a plate and thai tea $2 :D Pad see eu is normally too saucy but they balanced it just right!
4	Easily my favorite place for Thai food. Definitely try their beef pad see ew, avocado salmon curry, and a Thai iced tea. Yum! You can't beat these prices either. The only thing is that they lack in taste consistency. Still, each time it's good--just sometimes it's a different kind of good.
1	Bugs!!!! Once I saw it I was quiet to not scare the other customers. Later I asked to refill my drink and she gave me an attitude.  I could have made a scene but didn't. And they didn't give discount on the food. Never again will I come back.
4	First of all they ask on a scale of 1-10 how spicy..totally caught me off guard but I got a 5 and it was perfect.I got tom yum with flat noodles and seafood and it definitely was not like regular tom yum. It was better!!! The green curry was okay. My fave is probably yellow out of all of them. The place is pretty small but everyone that works here is super nice. We came at the right time because after we sat down it was really crowded. The bill came out to less than 20$ for delicious food :)
5	The vegan menu is awesome! Best thai food in Vegas, the waitresses are wonderful and great at making sure your glass of water stays full. Its inexpensive, consistent, and fast service. The spicy eggplant with tofu/mixed vegetables and larb tofu are my favorite dishes.
5	Second time here in three days.  Soo good and cheap, usually not used in the same sentence.  Each dish is around $7.  All good.
4	Good food and Good prices. I had fried rice and shrimp and was very good. Location does not have a good sign . And took a while to find it.
1	My mother took me here for my birthday since we were in the Chinatown area. We came expecting the same great service. Well, our experience was truly horrible. The server that we had was not the one we were used to. Initially, she was helpful despite the language barrier. When our dishes arrived, it was not what my mother indicated to her. She then became defensive and stated that it wasn't her fault that my mother did not accurately specify what she wanted. Mom sent back the soup which she never touched and the server gave her a hard time. The server never came back afterwards to ask us if everything was okay. In fact, it was the crew member who brought my mother the redone soup and gave us the same "it's not our fault speech" when we asked her questions. Mom told me that the soup did not taste like what she had the last time that she went. She suspects that it was the same soup with different garnishes.The salad that I ordered tasted fresh and fine, but was missing ingredients that I am used to seeing such as galangal, lemongrass and thai chilies. Instead, I got a sliver of jalapeno pepper and saw that they use bottled lemon juice in the kitchen. In other words, they are charging the same prices, while shortchanging the customer on authenticity. FYI, they do not make their curries in house; they use a curry mix as per their own admission.I was going to order dessert, but changed my mind after the latter. When it came time to check out, the server ignored me refused to give me the ticket. As a matter of fact, she looked angry and had a stone face while looking sideways. The crew member was the one who checked us out and tried to diffuse the tension. We did nothing to deserve such undignified treatment.Consequently, we left no tip and will never ever be back there!
3	I used to LOVE this place. Their potstickers, panang curry and pad thai were amazing. Recently, the service is not good at all. Last time I went the service was SO slow and there was barely any chicken in my pad thai. The time before that, the noodles were undercooked. I used to go alot, but I probably won't be back. If you go during lunch- ask for the lunch menu..pretty good pricing.
4	Nice find in Vegas!  First of all, the price was very reasonable.  It's a small neighborhood restaurant but the food is good.  Thai dishes for less than $7 is a bargain when we're used to paying more for similar dishes in San Francisco.  The chicken larb we tried is one of the best we've had anywhere.  Their crab fried rice had a real fresh crab taste.  Beware of the spicy level they ask for the food on a 1-10 scale with 10 being the hottest.  We wanted 8 on all our dishes we ordered and it was a little too hot even though we are accustomed to spicy food.
1	Just found out they were on Ch. 13's Dirty Dining in April.. ew
4	So I called this place for delivery while I was staying at the Rio. I had visited Hoover Dam, had ziplined from the rooftops of the Rio, bought a wedding dress, and had been walking around and my feet hurt. Once I got to my room at 9:00pm, the last thing I wanted to do was go back to the valet to get my car, or walk around the strip to find a place to eat because that would have taken time and I would have been hungry, cranky, starving and grumpy at 10:00pm while walking/driving around aimlessly trying to find a restaurant.Here comes yelp to save the day. At this point, I don't care who brings me food. There were some bad reviews but like I said, at this point in the evening, with hungry kids in the hotel room, who cares. So we placed our order over the phone and waited...They only deliver to the front valet drop-off area probably because they don't want to take the time to park and navigate the hotel to find your room. That's understandable. The delivery guy called when he was 5 minutes away. We were already waiting downstairs but that was a nice gesture to make things run as efficiently as possible. We expected a guy to roll up and toss us the food through the window but he didn't do that. We were focused on the cars and didn't even spot him until we realized there's a guy standing on the sidewalk across from us holding bags of food. We ordered the fried calamari, orange chicken with sauce on the side, wonton soup, wonton noodle soup, pad Thai, panang beef, crab fried rice, and extra steamed rice. The portions were generous, prices were reasonable, quality and taste were average. It was exactly an hour when the food arrived. I timed the exact moment we called in the order. I think that was pretty quick considering they had to make the food, package it, and drive it to us, all within that time frame. We forgot to ask for plates and they didn't ask us either. The only disappointment is that I expected lots of crab meat in the crab fried rice similar to OSHA Thai or at least some lump crab pieces but instead it was just fried rice topped with a scrambled egg/crab mixture. It also lacked the aromatic crabby smell which I love but overall, it did the job. It fed our starving party of 6 dinner in our hotel room and we still had enough leftover for a breakfast snack the next morning.
3	To be fair this review is for their store on Fort apache, they need to practice american restaurant practices & keep serving up until the advertised closing time not closing the kitchen 1/2 hr. before closing time!
1	We came here for lunch based on the reviews and was so disappointed. First of all, they charge 15% service fee for a party of six or more. Really? It's more of a fast food place than a restaurant. The food was less than mediocre. The orange chicken was horrible. The thai noodle that is supposed to be like "thai boat noodle" was bland. I could have made it better. This place is totally not worth it. I wouldn't give it one star.
4	I have been going here for years and I've always wanted to give them five stars, but recently I've been back a few times and I've got to say, their business is going down to me. I remember when there would be a line around the corner of the restaurant, now you can just walk in and choose from the many table available. This place has NEVER had good service, they want you to come in, eat quickly and leave. But people didn't care because the food WAS really good. WAS. There special potstickers are amazing because there are no other restaurants that can emulate it and it's one dish that is still decent. However, I used to come here all the time for Duck Fried Rice and Duck Noodle Soup, but every time I come back, the quality of the duck is terrible and it keeps getting worst. The duck used to be super moist and delicious to eat, but now its super hard, dry and tough to eat and it really takes away from the whole dish itself. Now, I also stopped by to order a Shrimp Fried Rice togo and I was disappointed to open the box that wasn't even half full.....I paid full price for not even half a dish. Not only was it half empty, but there was only 4 shrimps. This place has terrible service, but the food is the only thing that gets people to come back, if the quality of the food keeps going down, people are gonna stop coming. It's a shame because they have very unique recipes for their food, they should do these recipes some justice and make them correctly will fresh ingredients.
5	I've been here more than a couple times now and I have yet to be disappointed.The staff is friendly and very helpful! Went with my boyfriend and he was curious of a plate another customer was enjoying, it was wonton soup, and it apparently also had spicy levels, the waitress explained the dish (we will be trying that on our next visit!)My favorite here are the vegetarian egg rolls. It seems a bit plain but they are really on point! Crispy on the outside warm and delicious vegetable inside.  Another dish that I've enjoyed recently was the fried chicken over fried rice, the chicken was crispy and the proportions very extremely decentI would definitely recommend anyone who wants a good filling meal!
2	Place is cheap compared to the strip. I've had better thai but not bad for vegas.  Place is very small and not so clean.  50 / 50 on coming back.
4	Good inexpensive place great food and great price!No parking had to look for out own but nice servers
5	OUT OF OUR MINDSIn Nawlins, we have to travel to Covington which entails crossing Lake Pontchartrain on the longest bridge on earth to get to some authentic Thai cuisine. Here in Las Vegas its just off the Bruce Woodbury Beltway at Jones and south of Warm Springs. Been to the original Thai Noodle House across the street from the 99 Ranch Super Market long before the owner began opening other locations all on the westside of the valley. This one is number 4 that has been bookmarked since it opened. Of course we expected the cuisine to be the same as the original on Wynn. What really drew our attention were the the pictures of the contemporary seating arrangement. This location is exponentially bigger and lots more roomier than #1.Here's what we ordered:S11. Guay-Teaiw-Loard, Stir fried chicken, shrimps, squid, tofu, mushroom with black soy sauce served over steamed flat rice noodle and bean sprout.S12. Seafood-Tod, Thai fried pancake embedded with shrimp, squid on top of a bed of cooked and seasoned bean sprouts with sweet and sour sauce on the side.S13. Moo-Tod over Fried Rice, Crispy pork with sides of marinade in Thai herb plus sweet chili sauce on the side and a cup of clear broth for dipping the rice.34. Shrimp Pad Thai, stir fried small rice noodle with egg, ground peanut and bean sprout with Pad Thai sauce.S11 Guay-Teaiw-Loard was served first, and the other three entrees followed in order.There are only two people who run the front room. So service is friendly and sporadic but not absent. S11 was off the chart in every which way excellent. It could have been Yu-go's dinner on it's own.  S12 Seafood-Tod was my favorite. It reminded me a little of the Vietnamese omelet appetizer Banh Xeo. This version is much more fluffy,  fuller, slightly chewier in texture and without green lettuce to wrap. Now midway through our dinner, we just had enough room to sample S13,  Moo-Tod  Seafood and it was then time to ask for,  "two takeout boxes please". 34, Shrimp Pad Thai  was never  touched and just when right into the take out box..We ordered four dishes because of the great pricing of their entrees. Incredibly affordable. Fortunately, of the three of four entrees we did taste, each was fantastic so I am pretty sure the the Pad Thai wouldn't be that far off from excellent..BTW the trip this evening to TSNH was seven miles shorter in each direction than crossing the causeway over Lake Pontchatrain.
5	I really love it here the atmosphere is really chill and clean... The service is excellent and the food is sooooo exotic and delicious!!! This is definitely the go to spot for Thai cravings!!! It's also shockingly affordable And the Thai tea is on point!!! I'm probably gona come here every week;)
1	I don't know how people eat here. The lady sitting at the back door of the restaurant was smoking a cigarette and I highly doubt she washed her hands before going back to cooking. As soon as we walked into the restaurant we were hit with a nauseating smell. It smelled like the restaurant had not been properly cleaned in quite some time and that there was dirty sewage water in close proximity. We walked out and made the executive decision to leave because we thought there was a good chance we may get a food borne illness.
5	Excellent food.  I love their papaya salad and pad Thai.  Highly recommend to anyone.
3	Almost forget what I had but their food are fresh and tasty, restaurant wise...I guess you cannot say much about it when you were hungry and getting late at the evening.
3	I ordered delivery (Chinatown location), it took 50 minutes for my food to arrive which is about what they told me (45min). I ordered Rad-Na with beef, crab rangoon, cucumber salad, sticky rice and a Thai tea.  ($27 after delivery and tax) Everything tasted good,  I had no complaints there, I was actually kind of surprised to be honest.  But my Rad-Na had no meat at all.  I called the restaurant and told them I had no meat in my order. She began to ask how I mixed everything together because the meat probly fell to the bottom and that my order cannot be cooked without meat and so on and so forth. Like really!?! She insisting theres meat in my order when I have it right in front of me, looking at it. I'm not trying to get extra meat without paying for it, come on now.She said she would bring me another gravy meat and  broccoli mixture, I insisted I only needed the meat but after another 50 minutes I recieved the whole gravy muxture with about 10 peices of thin slices of beef, I'll take it, it's enough to eat at least half my noodles. This is the 3rd place in Vegas that I came across that has been cheap as heck with the meat.  Like,  don't give me all these damn noodles and sauce if your not going to add the appropriate portions of everything your supposed to!! (3 stars Just because the food was good in taste and yelp doesn't allow half stars or it would have been 2.5)
5	Great food + service in a cozy atmosphere.  Just wish i had time to try everything!!!
4	Favorite Thai Place. The service is great. The food is only good when the old woman is cooking. I never go when there is a new cook. But the environment is chilled, it's kinda small but it's a great place if your looking for a place to have lunch.
5	Delicious! After a few days in Vegas, we just wanted to get some healthy, non-deep-fried food, and this place hit the spot. Pad See Ew was really flavorful, as was the Panang Avocado curry(just regular Panang Curry but they add chunks of avo to it along with the other veggies). The Thai Iced Tea was also delicious. Just the right amount of sweetness, but the tea was strongly brewed, too. Highly recommend!
5	We order the crispy noodles with seafood and I order crispy noodles with chicken and pork it's the best you can find anywhere it's reasonable the.... presentation is wonderful and it is a total 10 delicious the servers there are very friendly we just love the place
5	Great service great food..i have been 3 timed and all of them was great experience..definitely recommend place
2	I'm not really sure why this place has such good reviews. Everything was just... Average. Food was okay. I had the pad Thai and it was lacking flavor. My friend ordered a 10 spicy level food and it was more sour if anything.  It wasn't even that cheap. It should have been $$.
5	I discovered this place here on Yelp. It is just the kind of restaurant my wife and I like to visit.It did not disappoint. It was small. We were lucky to get there early before a huge crowd of people showed up. It was so full people turned away because you are basically waiting in the dining room.However, the food was outstanding! I ordered the Tom Yum with the assortment of meats. I was asked how hot I would like it between 1-10. I said 6 because I didn't want anything too powerful, but I am one who usually doesn't shy away from spicy. It was maybe a notch below where I'd like it, but after eating all the soup it was certainly enough.We also ordered the Thai iced tea. It also was incredible.Overall, my wife and I loved the little place. We would love to come back when we visit Las Vegas again in the future.
4	That's one more cheap Thai place off my checklist.My friend invited me out here for dinner. Don't get lost looking for this place like I did. It's around the corner at the edge of that really long strip mall with places like Pho Kim Long and Lee's Sandwiches, and the signs merely say "Noodle House."There isn't anything truly spectacular about the decor or ambiance, but I had absolutely no issues with it unlike some reviewers whose words I just read. You can see photos of the interior of this particular location on their web site.I mostly deferred to my friend's recommendations. We ended up sharing three dishes.Roasted duck curry ($8.25): this was supposed to be duck fried rice, but we ended up with this instead due to some sort of miscommunication. Ordered as a spicy level of 3 (out of 10), which ended up not being bad at all for me. Decent amounts of duck, sweetness bolstered by the pineapple chunks. I've decided that I'm not a fan of this level of sweetness, but nothing wrong with this dish.Yellow curry with chicken ($6.95) - spicy level of 5, but actually not an issue with my normally sensitive palate either. Potatoes were better than I've experienced in other yellow curries. Well-executed overall, and my personal favorite of the night.Rad-na with beef ($7.25) - actually the first time I've tried this. Enjoyed the savory gravy quite a bit. Flat noodles, Chinese broccoli, and beef were all delicious as well. Glad I listened to my friend instead of defaulting to pad see-eu.Overall impressions: good portion sizes for the price, not as spicy as other Thai restaurants. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying that duck fried rice.
1	Omg horrible service never coming back here again! I've given this place plenty of shots to prove me wrong but it just keeps getting worse and worse this time they took 20 minutes to sit us than another hour for me to get my food. The place was not even that busy. I'm done here!
1	My experience here was horrific. The service here is terrible. My green curry was so salty, that I had to ask for them to fix it. When they brought it back out, it was still salty. I asked again, this time I asked if I could exchange it for red curry. The waiter said,"No, I can fix it again." The third time they brought it out; they just added coconut milk and it wasn't even spicy anymore. I will never come here again.
5	OMG this place was so delicious. Whenever I visit Vegas, I try to eat at somewhere new. This time, we picked this place. When we arrived,  it seemed quant and authentic. I ordered Thom Ka chicken and my husband order Hot and Sour soup. We each picked our own noodle. It was so yummy and flavorful.It was so good that we went back on our last day in Vegas. I tried the Pad Thai this time and my husband tried the pork belly soup. They were both so delicious. Just the perfect amount of umami in every bite.The next time I visit Vegas, I will definitely be eating here!
4	You get bang for you buck here! Service was nice, food filled you up REAL QUICK, and the Thai Tea here is excellent highly recommend. However I gotta say the spicy-ness level is CUHRAZY. I was having trouble at level 2 (I have low tolerance though) but overall a very good experience!
3	Ok, I know we walked in 25 minutes before closing, but jeesh! Talk about being rushed in and rushed out. When we walked in the door, the hostess said, "We close in 20 minutes, and the kitchen closes in 8, so do you know what you want to eat? Because otherwise...." We were hungry, so we quickly figured it out! My friend had the duck fried rice, I had seafood pad thai, and we had calamari as an appetizer. I liked the calamari, it was meaty and piping hot, but didn't have a lot of spice or kick to it. A little sauce fixed that up, though.My friend's duck fried rice was delicious! I had food envy for sure, but restricted myself to only one bite. If I go back, I'll definitely get more of that! My seafood pad thai was also good, but again, not much kick. That was my fault for not ordering higher on the spice level. We were seated at a rickety corner table. This isn't a fancy place by any stretch, but if you know that going in, you'll be fine. Of course, the service was a bit on the brusque side for us, but perhaps if we'd come in a little sooner, it would have been a bit more relaxed.
5	Awesome authentic thai food! Price is relatively cheap, the Thai tea is recommended as the sweetness was just perfect. Fried rice dishes were also very flavorful.
4	I would have rated this place 5 stars because of their delicious food. However, i think this location needs to be cleaned especially the floor. Every time we walked in there was always this awful smell that isnt very inviting. The food never disappoints me. I've been going here for the past year and everything is on point. I recommend their beef salad, combination noodle soup, crab fried rice, pad see ew, guay tiew lord, and orange chicken which isn't just a typical chinese dish but waayyyy better. Oh, and don't forget to order their authentic LARGE thai tea, it's huge! Definitely worth the money :)
5	I say, I say goddamn this is the best thai food I've ever had.   Just go eat here.  The panang curry and even the kung pao were just exquisite, the spices so perfectly balanced and the price so reasonable.  Total hole in the wall diamond in the rough.
3	This is a decent thai restaurant with good curries.  I think most days are on point, however,  I ordered delivery and my curry with chicken had wiered balled up clumps of deep fried ? processed chicken that was so off I couldn't eat it.  Not sure what happened here but I recommend eating in.
3	I walked in to a kinda grungy, real authentic-smelling place. As good as any Thai that I've had in New York City. Delish duck soup and vermicelli noodles in soup.  Curry can be ordered on a scale of 1-10 for spiciness. Wish I could tried more dishes.
5	I have been here numerous times and have never had a bad experience.The food tastes amazing every time and the waitresses are very nice. I usually get beef and Broccoli or orange chicken. Although I've had many different dishes, and have enjoyed all of them. Their thai tea tastes great.I would definitely recommend this place!
4	If you're looking for fresh/authentic and cheap Thai food, this is the place.  The food is very good. They have a lunch menu which is a good portion and comes with a side and soup! I recommend the orange chicken and noodle bowls! The only bad thing I can say about this place is that it is a very small space and it's very crowded at times. Also, there's a funky smell.
4	excellent thai food and for a STEAL! Our favorites:1) duck fried rice2) roast duck noodle soup3) green curry4) pad see ew5) pad thaiThe only thing I can say is that this place fills up quick during lunch and the service can be a bit slow. Other than that, food is great and the people who work there are really nice. Check this place out when you're in Chinatown! It's a small hole in the wall but has fantastic thai!
