4	Oops. I did it again.  Vegas on Labor Day Weekend, that is.And after some serious crowd maneuvering, my BFFs and I headed into opening night at the LAX  nightclub in Luxor, hosted by none other than, OMG, Miss Britney Spears.  And with hot DJ AM (one of the club's celebrity investors) spinning, it was bound to be a good party.Besides the fact that the club was too crowded too breathe, it has definitely made its way onto my list of favorite nighttime spots in Vegas.The ambiance is truly impressive.  The decor is simple and untainted (like Britney's love for her kids).  Dark crimson curtains and mini spotlights set the stage, with beautiful chandeliers throughout the space, made of dark metal and bright candlelights.  Decorative metal balcony rails across the parameter of the club add richness to the interior.With over 26,000 ft. of space, there are several reservable tables and hidden VIP spots across the club, including impressively placed balcony seating areas on the upper level that oversee the rest of the club, main dance floor and stage.Multiple bars (with friendly bartenders) are fairly accessible, especially given the size of the crowd.  Drinks were $11-$14 each, which though expensive, is on par with prices at most hot Vegas venues.Hats off to Pure Management Group on the grand opening. I look forward to another look at the venue once the initial hype has passed.  Stay tuned.
4	Dammit, I thought I would be the first one to review this place!!  oh well...The one word I'd use to describe this place is "overflowing."Fake plastic boobs overflowing from low cut dressesDrinks overflowing from glassesThrongs of people overflowing from the entryway.How did I end up at this "hip happening" club on its opening weekend?  Through the patience and persistence of other ppl in my party.  Getting in was a bitch, but cover was not bad ($20 for girls/$30 for guys).  And once inside, it was actually pretty nice with a dj that sounded like he was schizophrenic.  But everyone was sweaty and drunk and half naked.I'm not a big club hound, but if you're into clubbing and "the scene", you will LOVE this place.Tip - if you can find the guy giving out VIP cards to this club somewhere in Luxor casino, you can save $10 off cover charges.  Another tip - make a reservation/ get on a guestlist if you don't wanna wait in line for an eternity!
4	Somehow the ladies we were with for a combined Bachelor/Bachelorette party got us in this new Vegas hotspot on opening night.  Yes, sexy chicks are always the key to getting in a club.I am an unabashed NON-club-goer, so I really have no basis of comparing LAX to any of the other places in Vegas, other than Body English, which I went to for a different bachelor party.My 2 cents:  nice big space, strong drinks, decent (but not phenomenal) music, waitresses that complete out-boob any other waitresses I've seen in Vegas (which really is saying a LOT - I mean, the boobs on these women were of a comical scale), good bottle service (as it should be for $400 a pop), and reasonably friendly bar staff.  My big beef with this place, other than the usual selection of douche-bag dudes and slutty ho's, is that the A/C was completely and utterly inadequate.  Total sweatfest.  Unless Vegas is on some sort of Flex-Alert power rationing I don't know about, there is no excuse for a nightclub to be that hot and muggy.  Bleecchh.Star sightings:  Britney (duh) for all of 2 minutes, Brody Jenner (someone remind me again why this guy - while admittedly good-looking - is important/relevant?), and Wilmer-That-70s-Show-Valderamma.  Oh, there was an unfortunate barfing incident that occured somewhere near me, but the staff was kind enough to warn me "don't take a step back or you'll end up in puke", and before I knew it, the HazMat team was there to clean it all up in a matter of seconds.  Kudos.
5	Vegas on Labor Day weekend?  You MUST be VIP.  And were we ever.  A friend of mine knew the one of the clubs promoters and we were in like mother effing flynn.  Which was a good thing since the bar was PACKED the instant it opened Saturday night, the night after trashy Brit grand-opened this bitch.Aside from the prices of the drinks (is SIXTEEN DOLLARS par for Vegas?  I miss my cheap $10 Scottsdale drinks *pout*), this was the most fun I had all weekend.  Well, from what I remember.We made friends with boys who had a VERRRY private room upstairs chalk full of Grey Goose, prepartied up there then made our way to the dance floor.  Moved on to another VIP table right on the outskirts of the dancing hooches (yes my friends can bump and grind with the best of 'em) and had court side seats to the best entertainment in Vegas.Debauchery!  Dancing on rails (so unlike me...hehe), PDA, and I think I even saw another reviewers' puker in the corner.  Get drunk enough to deal with the crowd and you'll have a blast at LAX.
4	Four single(esque) girls in Vegas over Labor Day weekend?Yeah, you know how it goes....After doing some sneaky maneuvering to the front of the line, we were "granted" entrance into what had to be THE spot to be on Friday night.As it was the opening night, it was doubly packed!  The main floor was packed wall to wall with beautiful people, all waiting in anticipation for Britney Spears....not.  Strangely enough, we got in just as she was making her grand entrance.  What overrated nonsense.  Paying someone thousands of dollars to show up for 5 minutes and say hello....bleh.Anyway, the club itself is fantastic!   Plenty of space to hold the large crowds (upstairs was a lot more comfortable to dance in) and quick bartender service!  DJ AM was spinning and he was actually REALLY good!A definite must see for those who have not been there yet!  Hottest new club in Vegas...just be prepared to wait...it's the Vegas way!
3	Went here when it was the grand opening. when britney was there. To be honest, I did not like it. It was so overcrowded. There really wasn't any room to dance or maneuver anywhere. The only positive things that night was the celebrity sightings and the tons of beautiful ladies. The atmosphere and decor of the place was plain. Nothing really eye catching. The DJ lighting was awesome though, queued up nicely with parts of the song at the proper times to give more dramatic effect. .I gave it a 3 because I know my review is skewed. I will have to check it out again next time. At least it won't be a grand opening when its the #1 spot to be in Vegas that night.
3	We were there last weekend with Christina Arguilera hosting the party. Even though we were on the guestlist with all 3 ladies, it still took about 2 hours of waiting in line. It was pretty cool decor inside except it was super crowded that night. It only has 1 dance floor. We were having trouble dancing and finally took off after an hour and went to tao instead.
1	LAX in las vegas was by far one of the worst clubs i have ever been to.  it's one big dance floor in the middle with vip tables along the perimeter, and a second level with just vip tables along the perimeter that allows you to look over the railing onto the dance floor.  it's a goth themed club, but aside from that, nothing special or fancy whatsoever.  and by the way, the vip service is $475 per bottle, 2 bottle minimum.the club has only been open for 3 weeks so you would think that they'd have their best dj's on hand.  nope.  the dj's kept changing the genre of music every other song, and couldn't mix if their lives depended on it.  poor song selections, poor transitions, and awkard cuts between songs.  the expression on the crowd's faces on the dance floor said it all.  and this was on a saturday!  maybe i just didn't have enough to drink that night.also, don't be fooled by the "free admission" vip cards.  they say free admission on the card, but like other clubs, is nothing more than a ploy to get you to stand in line for an hour and end up paying a $20 cover anyway.  if you ask why you still have to pay, they'll say that the card gives you a $10 discount (yeah right).if you're one of those people that goes to certain clubs just because it's the newest club and so you can say you went there, don't bother with LAX.  you'll be embarassed to say you did.  this club will not last.  save your time and money.  go somewhere else...anywhere else.
2	Is VIP still VIP when seriously 80% of the club is VIP? We went on a Wednesday night, were hesitant to pay the steep cover, started to walk away... and the cover suddenly disappeared. Now that's magic.The club was absolutely beautiful, although each employee we talked to gave us a different figure about how it cost to build... at 12:30 the cost was $30 million though by 3:30am the estimate was half that.While dancing on the narrow non-VIP strip of the dance floor, we were struck by the sudden mood swings of the DJ...  one moment it was Daft Punk, the next Usher, followed immediately by a little of Oasis' wonderwall. Random but fun.
3	I was there last weekend for my friend's bday party. Well, I was also just looking for an excuse to go clubbing. I had been to RA before, so when I heard that we were going to LAX, i was kinda excited to see what they transformed RA into.When we got there at around 11pm, the line goes all the way to the hotel lobby (where "check in" is...). Thank god we had a table so we called our host and walked right in. Otherwise, we would have waited for an hour and pay a cover of $30 for guys, $20 for the ladies.When we got to our table (on the 2nd floor), we were surprised that it was much bigger than expected, fit 5 - 6 people no problem and places for dancing if you want. Our waitress was very happy to answer questions, upselling, giving out her phone numbers, more upselling, lots of hugs.......I guess she would have partied with us if we drop enough $.They did a good job of controlling the number of people (hence the line outside & the cover i guess...). I went to the bathroom, walking around in the club, no problem. The biggest complain I have for the club is that --- The music suxxxxxxx BIG TIME. I am no music wise, but I know that DJ wants to create moods & a flow of waves that people can dance with. But the DJ was either drunk or too busy to check out those girls around him that I felt like sitting in a 17 yr olds car with a CD section of everywhere with a Random play feature ON.I paid around $200/person (6 people) for a table. I am sure your experience will be different if you don't get one, watch out for the line tho --- When we got out at around 2:30am, there were still people waiting...
3	Why is it every DJ starts off strong, but then they loose their edge and start mixing songs that only have a half-way decent intro and then fail to maintain the momentum they started building leaving you on the dancefloor literally just going through the emotions without the vigor you once had. I went here last Saturday night and at first I thought it was very nice, but that's because I really have a thing for red pintucked leather on the walls. It's a dark club and would be best if you had a little room because there isn't much place to stand in the club. It's a place to be seen, so get ready your best clothes on and you'll be set.
2	Wow, one must seriously wonder why Britney Spears or Nicky Hilton or the likes of them would want to hang out here? Perhaps celebs get better treatment or perhaps this is a new spot? The space was not much of an expansion from the previous Ra Club although they changed the entrance walkway and we were certainly not wow'ed by the interior or the music. For a Thurs evening with a rather full crowd, the DJ was playing old Usher, Michael Jackson and Madonna's Like a Virgin. We were glad not to have to pay the cover charge since we had free passes, thank gawd! Certainly not impressed, perhaps it's better on Fridays or Saturdays but I would certainly check out Mix or Pure or Tryst which are supposedly some hotter clubs...
2	Eh. We got in within 5 minutes, paid no cover but left within 15 minutes. The DJ sucked, the crowd was dead, and there was just no energy in this place so we left. I'm sure some could LOVE this place, but we just weren't feeling it.
3	Went on a Wednesday, good drinks, had fun dancing. Although I hated how the club was set up...that many stairs?! They are asking for drunk girls to eat it!!! And the DJ was weird...a good song would be mixed in with a crappy one...it was such a tease. You'd starting dancing then realize the song was changing to one that was impossible to dance to. And it wasn't just me, it was the entire dance floor. Frustrating.
2	Usher was here when I came to the hottest club in Vegas.  BFD!  He just stood on stage with a glass of wine and didn't say one word.  He just had a spotlight following his every move.  sucka!  We bought 3 bottles and still waited outside for an hour.  WTF?  The main line was moving faster.  This place definitely hates fat people.
2	Except for being new, there is nothing special there.  One dance floor with two levels of booths around it.  Music was good - a nice mix of all styles.  Drinks are pricy - $16 for red bull vodka.  The "free" passes that they give out everywhere give you some discount ($10), but that totally depends on the bouncers at the door.  Waitresses are good looking and extremely cocky.  But after all, that is Vegas - a fake glamorous city.
1	If you aren't special, rich, or getting bottle service don't even bother. LAX in Los Angeles was a Sunday Funday spot for me, but Las Vegas style just isn't cutting it. They have this "VIP GUEST LIST" that is so misleading. It's suppose to grant you instant access without having to pay, but beware! You'll end up in the most unorganized line known to mankind with a bunch of nobodys trying to be somebody. People are so desperate and pathetic to get in this club that it makes me feel embarrassed. It aint all that! Not at the least bit. The interior is tacky and looks like a medieval porn cathedral. I hate it. I hate it all.
1	Over rated club. We had VIP 'passes' which amounted to nothing. Bouncer tried to get us to pay him $150  to cut the line (I was in a sharp looking group of 10 people) + pay cover, or get a VIP table and have each person spend $100..  When we were declining he was rudely saying that if we don't then we were going to be waiting at least two hours otherwise.. Needless to say stay clear of this place unless you really have cash to burn, but in my opinion if you are that way inclined, your money would be much better spent else where in Vegas..
2	We had no intentions of going to this place at all while we were in Vegas, but got VIP passes so decided to check it out. The line was ridiculous, but paid the bouncer $40 and we were in. Can you say DAMN? this place was packed to the brim. I don't particularly have an affinity towards clubs where you can barely move, let me tell you. The bar area was surprisingly not that crowded, so it wasn't too hard getting drinks. What sucked the most was the so-called "dance floor."... or more like narrowass area towards the front of the club. It was too small to begin with, but there were so many people on it trying to dance, that everyone ended up rubbing limbs with people they didn't care to and just standing there, swaying. I wanted so desperately to pop my booty, but there was no give as far as space went. Lots of tables for bottle service, and a small hallway at the back of the club where you can people watch. I didn't go upstairs, but it looked like an even better area to watch people. The bathroom situation pissed me off though. The line was long of course, and there was a bouncer regulating how many people could go in at a time. I was just standing there minding my own business, while some hussy chicks just come up, flirt with the boucer, and cut everyone else in line. wtf is that about?? I was pretty annoyed with that. The music wasn't bad, but I just couldn't deal with the crowd anymore. Everyone thinking they're hotter than the person next to them, ugly girls dancing on the tables, sweatyass people pushing against me on the dance floor... judging by some of the other reviews, no one else seemed to enjoy this place either.
2	2 stars...El-ay-ex or "lacks"?...lacks...After the forty-some-odd minute ordeal of waiting in the one of the most disorganized VIP herds (... yes, "herd", there was NO semblance of a line there, whatsoever), finally getting into LAX is underwhelming.The interior design of the club is rather non-descript (if a little boring); black walls, black floors, black bartops, a rafter of candles over the DJ booth, a large projected "LAX" spanning half the height of the room...Book-end'd by bars, the first floor simply a long floorspace, with VIP/bottleservice booths along one length (under the second floor balconys) and two tiers of VIP booths running along the other length (bi-sected by the DJ booth).  The actual dancing space for non-VIPs is a roped-off area down the center of the room (maybe MAYBE 30' wide by 100-or-so' long).Upstairs, accessible by ballroom-esque stairs on either side of the room, four (or six?) VIP rooms overlooking the first floor run the length of one side of the room, opposite the DJ.  A large nonVIP balcony (the best spot in the club) provides a great vantage point and also remains roomy enough for people who actually like to dance rather than move side-to-side in cramped quarters.  I recall one bar upstairs (crowded as all get-out!), but there may have been one at the other end as well.The music was a mixed bag... DJ Vice(?) out of Southern California does a eclectic set of music, playing everything from radio grade hip-hop to house to throwback mash-ups, visiting every genre a little too often.  I was seldom in a groove that lasted more than a two or three songs before my interest would lull.The vibe here just doesn't... vibe.  People don't seem to be mingling or flirting or venturing in the least.LAX wouldn't be my first choice for clubbing in Vegas... Unless you are getitng the VIP/Bottle Service treatment, anyone else is kind of neglected and herd'd together...Note: the dresscode actually seemed kind of lax, most guys getting in wearing denim, a few hats, even saw a pair of plain Van slip-ons.  Button or collar'd shirts all around though.
4	Knew a guy who knew a guy and had two girls on my arm. Thats the key to getting in here. Otherwise be prepared to sit outside for quite some time. It is the club to go to in Las Vegas right now. Personally I enjoy conversation and  a drink, not happening here. Wall to wall packed. Whatever you do make sure you try not to get one of the tables facing away from the dance floor. Lots of foot traffic there.It was an experience and my friends enjoyed it, so it was OK in my book.
3	Night 2 in our Vegas trip.My gf's & I literally just walked in @ Luxor, Hostess & Party Promoters literally escorted us to the front of the line, talk about another night of being VIP ^_^LAX is pretty big, lot of tables & VIP rooms. Staff are friendly and they have the cheapest drinks among the clubs we've been to. Also the strongest, we ordered Hurricanes, and it's pure alcohol. It's def. much better than Rah club before. We only stayed for an hour, the dj played sucky music. The dancefloor was design poorly. This is the place you can't get drunk because of the stairs. Might want to visit again if DJ improve, wider dancefloor, descent bartender and will be bringing a sober companion with the stairs scenario.
1	If I could give this place a negative amount of stars i soooo would.  So I go to Vegas for my birthday and we are staying at Luxor.  A guy there gives us free passes for LAX before we head out to other places.  The room key says we can get into LAX for free.  Also we knew a promoter there.  My friends and I are coming back from other places at 330am.  I still wanted to go out so we head over to LAX.  I tell the bouncer Curtis that it's my birthday.  Curtis says okay i'll get you in but your friend has to pay $30.  How rediculous is that $30 for 30 minutes.  That's $1 a minute!!!! The guy just wouldn't let my friend in.  I was so mad and sad that this happened that I just started crying and headed back to the room.  WORST birthday EVER!!! Not ever going to go to LAX ever and going to tell everybody I know not to go to LAX.
3	We went on weds night. It was packed so we got a table for the 12 of us. Prices were OK, but the service was great. Sean was our security guy and he was charming. Best benefit of being at a table? not having to wait in line for the bathrooms! Music was good -- but not amazing. The place was packed so there wasn't a ton of room for dancing without also being squished into people. Bottle service prices were pretty standard. Given the other options for dancing I don't know that i'd go back to LAX as my first choice, but if i was staying at the Luxor or Mandalay it's a great option.
1	Hell Hole.An utterly crappy night at LAX at the Luxor.  We went at 10:00, waited an hour, only to be packed in, hermetically sealed, on a dance floor.  I understand that club owners would want a packed club, but this was ridiculous.  I could not move, let alone dance.  It should not be legal to fit that many people on one dance floor. Plus, for a Vegas club that's all the rage, I was expecting more extravagance.   But the interior was rather dull and just dark.  Since the dance floor is surrounded by an upper level balcony, a throng of revelers is looking down on you.  Which could be cool if you're feeling sexy, I guess.  But to me, it was creepy.And, horrors beyound horrors, they played country music. I can appreciate a good country tune, but seriously, how am I supposed to dance to country?  Line-dance?One star for being named after LA's airport.
3	Another club made by Pure Management.  A lush, exquisite place with plenty of room... when empty.  However, once the club opens, you'll have 15 minutes of room to move around before being trampled by the humongous crowds of people.  I probably would've lost my girlfriend in the crowd if I weren't aggressive and push through.  I'm glad I went there with a free table because otherwise it would have been a nightmare.  However, with all that said, the decor was nice and the music was better than average with hip hop and an occasional blast to the 80's every so often.  If you happen to go without a table, be warned: The Crowd is just immense downstairs!
2	too crowded.  i do believe we reached the maximum capacity that evening -- quadrupled it at that.  we were like sardines crammed in a can on the dance floor.the music sucked.  a dj has to know what party music to play to get the crowd hyphed.  i never have understood this crunk hip hop stuff, nor will i ever.  and really, a place that needs a dj to yell at the crowd to wave their bills in the air is just plain out ridiculous.PROS:__-calling the hotline got us in for free after midnight-bartender made stiff drinks-the place was really nice...i liked the dark brown color scheme.. very sultry.
2	day 2 of chronic alcoholism.  like omgz, Criss Angel's bday party!like omg who the funk cares. dance floor was basically a hallway.  it was so packed that i smacked a girl for elbowing me and she apologized for running into my arm. i think my 14 year old cousin has a better playlist than LAX. Mash-ups are cool when you can continuously dance to a song without fear of a sporadic hoe-down in the middle of it.  Don't play hyphy music with 80s Cyndi Lauper. Your girl has enough trouble tryin' to dance in 4 inch hells. I mean heels. so uh yeah. if you could find another club to go to that night, go to the other club. however, there is a 24-hour McDonald's in the Luxor. ...and that's the best part of LAX.
3	Brand new spot at the Luxur. As always you gotta deal with the how can i get in dilemna. Have to say the place is really nice with 2 floors and a sweet top stage area. Very well done with the dark candle lit feeling. I think clubs like Pure and Tryst are better but this is not a bad alternative if you're on the other side of the strip. It is kind of small and gets packed quick. It does have 4 bars and the DJ spun some cool trance/hip hop mixes. The crowd was mediocre at best. Thank god for running into a Bachelorette and her friends
3	I heard this club was supposed to be hot shit cause it was the newest club in Vegas.  The funny thing is hot shit can be interpreted a lot of different ways.  It could be exceptionally good, or it could be a steaming pile of, well, shit.  Unfortunately LAX refers to the latter.Every club in Las Vegas has a theme.  For LAX, this club is meant to look something like a gothic theater, red curtains hang from the walls and candle-lit chandeliers hang from the ceiling.  The only cool thing about this theme are the balcony booths that double as private tables where you can get table service, have your own private place to party, and have a view of the mass of sweat and makeup in the mosh pit of a dance floor down below.That said, in the event that I do throw a party in Vegas, I wouldn't mind reserving a booth here.  In any other event, I'd rather throw my money on a black jack table.  At least there, the girls serve you free drinks, and I have a chance at winning some of my money back, you know?
2	What's all the fuss about?  I have no idea.70% of this place is roped off for the VIP.  Wtf?  It's just one large space and a narrow strip of area for us "regular folk" who just want to dance.The music on the Friday night was just average, and few people were dancing.  It was mostly people walking through the crowd to get their drinks from the bar and back.  Not to mention they played like 1/3 of every good song and then the entire bad song that followed.  Lack of consistency in the music.I'm sure the cast of The Hills, who threw parties there the weekend before New Years would have fun in their special little rooms up above.  But for everyone else, this place seems like a waste of time and money.  Thank god we got free passes to get in (maybe they knew they needed to entice people to come in somehow).  My friends and I left after about an hour, maybe not even that long.
4	Downstairs was intensely crowded, but once we made it upstairs all was well.  It was everything I expect from a Vegas club: fabulous people, great music, and lots of ridiculous drunkenness.  I never go to spots like this in SF, but it was fun to spend the night dancing my ass off like there was no tomorrow.
3	My friends and I were staying at the Luxor for our first trip ever to Vegas (we all just turned 21) and we didn't want to go too far to club so we thought we would check out LAX.  To save you from reading, i'll break down each major category.Wait time: Line was a decent length at 10:30 on a Thursday night.  Our group got in right away because one of the bouncers pulled us up front (my friend assumed it was because we had a young group)Drinks: A little pricey though not sure if that is the standard fare ($15 for a Tic-Tac), not sure about table serviceMusic: Music was alright.  DJ forced the mixes a little bit sometimes.  Some songs are fine the way they are.Crowd: Crowd was a little older than we had anticipated but definitely still young.Environment: Definitely has a dark gothic kinda feel as a lot of people have said.  Way too much of the club is dedicated to VIP booths and table service so very small dance floor.  Dance floor are is roped off so more like a long alley from one end of the club to the other.Overall, it was a good first experience though it was definitely more the people i was with than the actual club.  Besides the fact it was "clubbing in vegas" it was hardly anything exciting.
3	The multi-level LAX is embedded in the Luxor hotel and casino. When I was there, crowds of party goers mobbed the entrance - there barely was a semblance of a line. Inside and out, their decor screams "nightclub". The gothic metal railings along the stairs are both ornamental and functional. Walking in, you're greeted by a striking large stone edifice separating the main walkway into two paths. Not sure I get why the nightclub is named the same as Los Angeles's airport, though.Hot, plastic waitresses provide eye candy and only serve VIP tables, as far as I can tell. (I got a beautiful server to pose with a birthday boy.) The bartenders (Julie's is the only name I remember) are outstanding and customer-oriented, willing to listen if you want a special shot made.Like Tao nightclub, the dance floor there is PACKED. Fascinating to watch, not really safe to dance in. Speaking of unsafe, I almost got beat up twice (a record for me) by two muy muy belligerent guys:- Outside, I stepped on a guy's foot and he glared at me. A bouncer asked him to relax. (I'm skinny, he was tall and built... way to go, drunk guy.)- Inside, a guy and I jostled into each other, fairly hard. I got a threatening look and then he slowly turned away. Yikes.That night, the DJ mixed well and at some point, he rained dollar bills on the crowd. (Funny to see folks fight over paltry bits of cash.) There apparently was a famous athlete around that night but I had no idea who he was, though several drunken folks tried to point him out. Besides almost being beat up, I had a good time with friends and can recommend LAX as a venue and for their service.
4	For this club, I am hovering between 3 and 4 stars.. First of all, everyone's biggest complaint is how crowded it is here. On my recent trip to Vegas, I learned one thing: ALL THE CLUBS IN VEGAS ARE SUPER PACKED. And since I was there during New Years Eve/New Years week, I think that had a lot to do with it. Anyhow....  I always heard about LAX since this is supposedly the club that Paris, the cast of Hills, etc. like to go to. The club inside was just ok. Yeah, it's nice, but  it wasn't anything very Vegas-esque. One small dance floor on the bottom, with about 50% of the bottom floor dedicated to VIP tables. And the second floor has balconies, etc. which is pretty cool.One good thing about this club was that the drinks weren't too expensive, compared to other clubs in Vegas. Also, the female bartenders all have cute outfits and the bartender we had, made us very , very good LC's and Long Islands.Overall, my girlfriends came here on our own for a girl's night out and had a lot of fun. They played a good mix of different types of music - lots of oldies and new stuff. All of the music played was fun, upbeat, and something you would want to dance to (unlike other clubs that play music that makes you stop and think WTF?)  For instance, they played lots of oldies, but FUN ones, like "Heaven On Earth."Luckily though, my girlfriends and I didn't have to deal with the crowded dance floor too much since a group of people who had a VIP area invited us in. From there on, we got to dance in the VIP section which was very spacious and had free champagne. Let me tell you, we felt like princesses dancing with champagne in our hands. haha, but im sure we just looked like super drunk girls .anyhow.. if you're looking for a more casual, fun club, LAX is pretty fun. also, there is no line for girls .. and when we went, they pretty much shoved us into the club. and it wasn't even that early in the night.However, if you're looking for something nicer and a bit more upscale, this isn't the place. When we were here, people were dressed very casual.  overall, fun club though.
4	A round of drinks for 3.......$54.Ticket to enter...................$270.Final bar tab.....................$300.Being in Vegas on New Years with DJ AM and Paris Hilton.........wicked goddamn expensive.Do it for the story, do it because you only go around once, and do it because even if you sit in the hotel room alone, everyone thinks your the man when you spend New Years in Vegas.We culminated our Vegas trip by spending New Years eve at this Ultra trendy night spot. Who hosted the party? None other then Paris and Nicky Hilton (they are annoying rich kids but for some reason people are compelled to be around them). A live set was also put on DJ AM and he was awesome. While it was a good time, it was not all love and pancakes. Drinks were amazingly expensive and the cover was total nonsense. There were crazy lines at all the bars and the dance floor was so packed I couldn't squeeze my goofy ass onto it, so I just set up shop in front of the bar and made fun of people. Overall it was definitely a good time, but was it worth the money I paid? That's debatable. I think everyone should hit Vegas on New Years at least once, unless watching TV while its cold as hell outside is more appealing but that is a decision I leave to the general public.
2	This place is okay, but so Vegas, which since I'm not from Vegas, I find annoying.I was with a group of 10, 4 boys, 6 girls and they wouldn't let us in.  Because of the boys.  Even though the girls outnumbered the boys, wouldn't let us in.  And this was on an off-night; with no celebrities in there.  WTF?  Then, the boys decided they didn't care and were so not going to pay the bouncer off to let them in so they went to go gamble.  The six of us girls tried again.  This time, the same douche-y bouncer that said no to us 5 minutes prior, let us girls in.  Again, WTF?  So, now we are inside.  The guys that are let in, douche-bag to the max.  These are the idiots that don't get girls ever, but try and show they are cool by paying off bouncers to get in to these ultra-snazzy clubs, and then do the whole VIP/bottle service thing, and then sit at a table full of guys and flirt with the silicon waitress.  Guys, guess what, it doesn't make you look cool; you look gay.  Anyhow, back to LAX - about 70-80% of the place is roped off for VIP (even though - off night, not very full and zero celebrities); so the place on this night was fairly empty with all us "regular folk" clammering for space in the narrow middle strip.  And it is effing expensive, except for beer.  Beer was fairly cheap, $7/glass.  The music was OKAY, but talk about a sausagefest.  Again, boys that had used too much Dep; spray tan and went shopping at Claire's or ICE for the CZs.The place is okay, but mainly for the fact that I can go back and be like, "oh, and we went to LAX" and sound fairly cool.  I'd try Ghostbar, Rain, or Moon before trying LAX.
3	I was really surprised at how small this place was.  The dance floor is basically a hallway.  This club is basically like a better looking version on Body English imo.   I would rather just go to Tryst or Tao.....even Mix.
2	This is my least favorite of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas (I've been to 6 total). However, the decor is really nice looking with all the red curtains along the walls. Many clubs are pretentious, but I this one takes the cake. When we went the club was packed and not many people were dancing on the really narrow dance floor. People were just standing around thinking they're cool because they're in a fancy Vegas club. When I had to push past some people because it was so crowded a couple girls gave me dirty looks...geez, get over it. The bouncers were pretty nice though and we got to skip a bunch of people in line because my friend talked to one of them a lot. The music was decent, but not great. Bottom line: there's better clubs in Vegas so go to them instead. I recommend Moon in the Palms.
2	This club reminded me of 1015 Folsom back in the day with too many asians walking around like they have something to prove with their white tank tops and no balls to step up to you and say hi attitude. These guys follow you around the dancefloor not taking a hint to leave you alone and dance about 3 inches away from you, behind you, it's freaking LAME! Be a man or get lost!The club is also set up pretty crappy. They gave too much space for the VIP seating and so the dance floor now looks like a passing lane that is less than 10 feet long. It's super packed and you can't really have fun dancing because there are always people trying to get by and move around the room. Then you have these lame guys who couldn't get into Bank or PURE or something who try to dance with you when you don't want to dance with them, others are dumb and spilling drinks on you, the go go dancers and body guards are busy being stuck up and making fun of the girls up in the VIP balcony upstairs when these VIP girls are the ones paying their paychecks. Too much attitude and lame guys in the crowd. I wouldn't go back. Last thing, the sound system sucks!
1	ok this place absolutely sucks. we got general admission tickets for this place for new years (see my next review) and immediately upgraded them since the inside of this club was horrible. it's one big crappy warehouse, with the bouncers directing you to either the floor or the upstairs (not your call, but theirs)the bars are impossible to get to, the dance floor is really only accessible from one side, and the place is grimy on the whole. I am not sure what I expected from a night club in a mediocre hotel (see: luxor) but I will never come back to this club.
3	its more like a 2 1/2 stars.  the place was pretty cool other than the miscommunication between the promoter who we bought advanced tickets from and the doorman.  the doodes in our group ended up paying double to get in! altho we did get in faster than we would have at any other l.v. club but only becuz one of the girls in our group knows a local DJ who was there. the place was super crowded of course, the drinks weren't strong at all. i had about 4 drinks and a couple of shots and was surprisingly still coherent the whole night. the main dance floor was super crowded, dont even think about walking across it cuz you'll just be pushing your way through bitchy girls and cocky doodes.one of our friends left a nice little pile of present in corner cuz thats about all it was worth. oh but we did see brody jenner partying in the vip area =)
1	This is the worst club in Las Vegas, HANDS DOWN.  If i could give it 0 stars, I would.  So my friends and I got in line with our VIP passes, and were told by this chick with a clipboard that we would get half off the cover charge. After waiting about 30 minutes, we get to the front of the line, and of course it turns out that bitch was wrong.  They charged $20 for girls and $30 for guys and gave shitloads of attitude when we tried to explain what we'd been told.  So whatever, we pay the cover...and things just go downhill from there.  The music SUCKED.  They packed so many people into that place that it was *impossible* to get around because there's no walkway and you're basically shoved against strangers the whole time.  No room to dance obviously.  Total fire hazard (although if anyone really burned that place down, they'd be doing us all a favor). Really rude staff, especially the guy who was guarding the women's bathroom...even called one of the girls a "dumbass" to her face.  The crowd was mediocre...and the DJ kept announcing that C-listers like "Kristin Cavallari" and "Wilmer Valdarrama" were there, as if I gave a shit.  I don't know which is worse, LAX the nightclub or LAX the airport.  Both suck HARD.
1	I don't even know where to begin with this club. This club is a total waste of space in the world. They let in way too many people yet we still had to wait over an hour to get in. You can't even fucking move on the dance floor and anytime they played a semi-decent song they remixed it into another freaking lame song in 30 seconds. So even the music wasn't a redeeming factor. The absolute worst part was that they had a body guard patrolling the girls bathroom. And the guy was a total dickwad! Sorry you think you are big shit, but you are freaking patrolling the girls' bathroom, thanks. And seriously why is there a freaking VIP line in the girls bathroom. What if I really had to take a crap? Jesus! The dickwad would then have had to clean that shit up. Seriously cover charge or not it wasn't worth it. I'm glad we did go though so it gave me a chance to write this freaking review and spare other people from going through the torture of spending money on cover charge and drinks.
2	This new "hot" Vegas club isn't that "hot". We came early thinking that we wouldn't get in because we had a group of guys with those "VIP" passes that people hand out everywhere.  Before we went in they made us tuck in our button up shirts as if its a really classy place.  For once,  they let everyone in when it opened even a group of guys which is weird for a "hot" new vegas club, so we were really suprised from the start.  We went in and the club was empty as hell, we waited about an hour, thinking that it would fill up and there would be more girls.  We had noticed that there was an extreme about of guys in line, after about 11:30 we just decided to leave because it never got "popppin".The club itself is pretty small..its a decent size dance floor with VIP tables around it and a small upper floor that circles the top where you can look down.  Not worth your time to get in if you're going to have to wait 1+ hour to get in.
1	BOOOOOOOOOOO. This club is the worst Vegas club I've been to. There's isn't an actual dance floor b/c the walkway doubles as the dance floor! And getting a table doesn't guarantee fun either b/c I noticed that there are "tables" in the hallway that lead to the restrooms. So if you buy a table, there's a good chance that you'll be dancing with the people in line for the restroom. My girlfriends and I got in free, but I still will not be going back to LAX.
2	Clearly a club designed by celebrities for celebrities - almost no room for the commoners with lots and lots and lots of tables for bottle service. The waitresses who didn't have customers all stood around, "dancing" and looking bored. Music on a Saturday night was fucking terrible: all mashups of top40 crap and 80s/90s - I'm certain that the combined ipods of me and my friends could have thrown a much better party.  The line was really long, even at 3:00am when I walked past it but it looked like they were just letting anyone into the club, which I think is odd for a place that's supposed to be the "hot" place to be. In any case, you can skip the line and the cover by having dinner at Company American Bistro next door. Your waiter walks you over to the door guys and you're in! That was by far the most enjoyable aspect of my experience at LAX.
1	Here's a note: if you decide not to head our reviews and go anyways, make sure you don't have your boyfriend with you. Who knows, maybe he'll leave you at the 2nd floor to go down to the first floor to "drop off" that girl you weren't too sure about and end up "losing" him the rest of the evening only to find out that he made a move on her after "convincing" you that oh, no, she's "just a friend" and "I'm sooo not attracted to her" because she looks like "a cheap skank" (ok those last words were mine, but she really did look like a cheap skank).I might not have paid the extraordinary amount (100 bones) to get in, but who the hell cares. It took forever. I stood outside wondering...ok, not wondering, more like stumbling...when the hell they were going to "take care of it" and let us in the VIP! Oh yeah-there is something you should know about this club. It has two floors of VIP, so you can be awesome sauce for one and smelly shit for the other. They also don't let you give lapdances on the couches downstairs (so what the HELL are they doing there?!), and that killed even the buzz I had which is weird because I was pretty fucking hammered.One of their "waitresses" looked like an even cheaper version of Tila Tequila. Ew. (I'll love you Dani!!!)There was NO dance floor...so again, why can't I give a lapdance to my NOW EX boyfriend?!?! At least the party I was with had money to buy the bottle service. Also, they had full length mirrors I couldn't stop looking at myself in.Summary: You want to get cheated on? Totally take your boyfriend here. Just make sure you don't go to bed at 3am, wake up at 7, spend 18 dollars on a pack of cigarettes and a lighter and proceed to tell your journal that maybe you really are in love with him and its totally something you can get passed until you crawl back into bed with him and ask him to talk to you and suddenly next thing you know he told you to pack up get out and you're flights delayed while he trys to find a computer with internet to take you off his myspace page.No, I'm not bitter--why do you ask?
2	The interior wasn't too bad, but the whole setup with the overabundance of VIP tables is a turn off.  Yeah, what happened to just wanting to dance in a club??  I loved the music.  I was grooving to top 40 songs, Diamond Girl and other freestyle songs.  However, I was not able to dance like I would normally like to.  Everyone is correct - this club is packed to the gills.  You CANNOT move on the dance floor at all.  I was pretty much dancing in my own little space with 1 girlfriend near the upstairs bar.  The bouncers make sure you don't block any pathways.Plus, I had a horrible incident with some drunkard who bent down to pick something off the floor, and when he got up, his head (full of sweat beads) wiped against my bare arm.  NOT COOL, BUDDY :(
3	Wow- it seems LAX hasn't been quite the most popular with Yelpers, evidently.  It's hard for me to give a Las Vegas club under 3 stars.  All the clubs in Vegas are so extravagant and over the top with such great music, that even if I didn't like it that much it still deserves at least 3 stars for the effort and millions of dollars spent designing it.  When we came here, we didn't have to deal with any line sitch because my best friend's boyfriend is a chef at American Company Bistro next door, so we were escorted right in, thankfully.  The line was extremely long, and probably would have been a nightmare...not that dealing with lines in Vegas is my forte anyhow.  Anyways, into the club and down the red carpet staircase we went.  The interior is deep red, with luscious chandeliers and numerous side rooms.  It was smaller than I expected- you can see the entirety of the club as soon as you walk in the door.  I will say this: don't bother coming here if you're not going to get a table.  Its very similar to Pure in the sense that if you don't have a place to sit, you're shuffled around and around in circles like a herd of cattle.  Pure Management Group has developed a trend when designing their clubs.  But, with a table it is pretty awesome.  The couches are comfortable, and the table spaces are ample.  But, it still doesnt have shit on Tryst or BodyEnglish...my two faves.  It takes a lot to outdo a 100ft waterfall over the dance floor.Ps. Watch out for weird underage creepy kids incessantly hitting on you claiming to be "locals".
5	Well, I guess any club is great when you're mobbing 14 girls strong!  This was the first club of the weekend.  We knew somebody who was going to get us in but we couldn't find them.  No worries because the second we walked by, they opened up the ropes, gave us a free table in VIP area, and a free bottle.  SWEET!  When the club closed, we got invited to the downstairs after party area where you have to be SUPER VIP but it was a bit stuffy in there.  No pictures, no throwing up. haha.  We didn't stay there for long.
1	The problems started just outside the velvet rope where I was dismissed with a wave of the hand and a "Sorry, no".  I stood my ground and pushed my ID toward his chest and he pointed to the ground and said "Shoes".  So, I was wearing converse all stars.  That's all I wear most of the time...even with a suit.  Well, I did manage to talk to the lead doorman and get my ass in, but I shouldn't have bothered.  The layout of the place sucks--lots of bottlenecks and log jams.   We finally made our way to the upstairs bar and ordered a round of drinks...3 vodkas and a water $55.The place was pretty lame.  The entire downstairs was packed like sardines so nobody could dance.  The music was annoying and the lighting was horrible.  For me it was a waste of time.
5	Ok so the line was insaneeeeee..and my girls and i were like shyttt we dont wanna wait on this, but we did, for a few, until we met this guy who was like why are u waitin on line...come here. he literally escorted us to a vip table with gorgeous ppl, it was a bit insane, it was packkkkeddd..but so much fun, and the music was great...no waitin no charge...free drinx..vip...it was great
3	Conned by a cab driver, plus payola to the door guy, and $17 dollar martinis......but you know what?  all worth it!  'cuz nothing can destroy me and my babes happiness....music was al'right, but the crowd was super friendly...shout out to my peeps from Minnesota?
5	HELLA FUN.The line was crazy, but we were already on the guestlist. We didn't reserve a VIP table, but we were hand picked by some promoter to join her and her high roller friends in their VIP spot on the balcony.Free VIP service. Free bottles. Free drinks. Patron shots everywhere. AND access to the VIP bathroom. *lol*I don't think we all would have had as much fun if we didn't have that spot - so, shout out to those high roller peeps who let us infiltrate their space. *lol*And to top it off, Paris Hilton and Benji Madden were there celebrating his birthday... and Chris Brown was there too. So crazy. Ok, so yeah. I'm a little star struck - at least with Chris Brown anway. :)
5	Okay, I give it five stars...but with a catch.  Get a table.  If you have a table, this place ROCKS!  The music is good, the interior is cool, you will have some personal space, a special bathroom, and a place to sit down when your feet start hurting.   I saved up b/c it was my birthday, and it was worth it!  If you don't have a table, the place will be 3 stars tops b/c of the line to get in,  the set-up of the dance floor, and the obscene amount of people crowded into the club.   The set-up is sort of wierd, as others have said.  The dance floor is the downstairs walk-way.  So it can be hard to get around.  Whether you have a table or not,  get there early!!  The line had already started forming before 10.  I went in at 10:30 and the place was filled by 11.
1	Worst club in Vegas. EVER. If I could, I'd give it 0 stars. It's a good thing my friend and I were able to talk ourselves into the club and didn't have to wait in line, because then I would have been even more pissed when I saw the end result inside. The club was packed, barely any room to dance, and the decor and ambiance left something to be desired. In case you were wondering, we were s**tfaced, so we should have been even more apt to enjoying ourselves, but we weren't...we left after barely dancing for half an hour. We weren't the only ones that night...a lot of people were leaving the club with a bad taste in their mouths. I'm never coming here again.
1	We got in free, so they get one star.  Bad part is once you get in, you gotta find somewhere to dance.  SERIOUSLY the smallest dance floor in Vegas.There is a huge VIP section though.  And I could actually get a drink at the bar.Overall unimpressed but I was drunk enough I didn't care!!
3	17 girls and a promoter will get you to pass the line in a heartbeat.The venue was not my scene.Music was not my taste.The crowd, a little older than what I am use to seeing.The VIP section upstairs overlooks the dance floor.Glad I wasn't on the crowded dance floor being smushed.But I wasn't glad i was in the VIP section either.Drinks were 16 a pop.I don't know what it's like to wait in line, but I wouldn't!
1	Probably the worst run club in Vegas.  Me and 2 of my friends had table reservations.  Problem was, we could not even get close to he guy with the clipboard.  The place has no formal line or and type of order.  Also the fact is was a complete sausage fest there.  I mean it must have been 3:1 guys there.  We left within 30 mins.
3	Pretty decent club.  The setup is kind of awkward.  It's more long and narrow than anything else so it made dancing kind of challenging.  Played pretty good music. I agree w/ the other reviews that the decor was lacking.  Maybe the LAX in actual LA is better...Glad I didn't have to pay, though.
3	Not the best place to go if you want to talk or dance. Place is really small and if we hadn't gotten in through Noir Bar, I would have given up waiting in that line. Got to see Criss Angel and Carrot Top as they both have shows at the Luxor. Guess this is where they chill afterwork.
1	I absolutely hate LAX with a passion! I've only been here twice, but I'll NEVER EVER go back here again!  First time I went was back in October 2007, and we got in fine despite the crazy crowd mobbing the front entrance.  However, once inside, they were playing pulsating techno music that nearly busted my eardrums, the club was crazy packed with a narrow walkway they called a dancefloor, and we got an $11 mojito served to us in a tiny plastic cup! We left after half an hour.  Second time I was here was recently in February.  We were at Cathouse first, and my friends wanted to check out LAX since they've never been there.  Again, being girls, we got inside with no problem.  LAX was just as crazy packed as the last time I was here, and the crowd was just as disgusting!  Too many disgusting guys!  Fat, dirty, no class...you name it! If you're in Vegas, looking for a lame time with a lame crowd, check out LAX.  If you're not into that sort of thing, then LAX is definitely not worth anyone's time!
3	I wasn't very impressed with LAX. First off, if you don't have bottle service, don't go to this club, the club is set up for about 90% tables/bottle service. So Ladies DO NOT go to this cub if you just want to get your dance on and a couple of drinks. The only thing I really loved about the club is the sexy sleek decor of the club. Here's my experience with LAX:I went to Vegas a few weeks ago for a friend's 30th birthday. There was a group of about 20-30 of us, and we already had bottle service set up the week before we came, had a list of all our people etc so when we got there it wouldn't be an issue. The entire group arrived at 10:30 ready to go to our "ultra vip" section. We got to the club and the outside was packed with people, we ended up waiting about 25 minutes to even get inside the club. From my experience in Vegas. most clubs walk you right in if you have bottle service, especially if you are giving them business with 30 people in the group. We finally got inside the club, and our bottle service wasn't even set up!  So there we were 30 of us ready to party and had to wait another 15 minutes for everything to be set up...and the club considered it "ULTRA VIP?"They title the seperate sections upstairs ultra VIP, and while they were cool, I suggest getting a table on the dance floor level to be near all the action. My friends and I went down to dance a couple of times, and the dance floor is super small and too packed to even want to try and get in there. If you try to dance on the side or anywhere other then the middle of the dance floor, security will ask you for a wrist band to go anywhere! Now i've partied at a lot of places with high end celebs etc, and when you are considered "ULTRA" VIP, I think you should get a wristband for all access/ anywhere in the club!So all in all, I had an awesome time, but it was because of the people I was with, it had nothing to do with the rest of the club. Ohh, and the LUXOR will try to get you with saying your key cards will work as free access, but I don't think it's worth it, plus the LUXOR is not one of my favorite hotels.
4	It was a chill Vegas weekend with girlfriends for someone's b-day.  We decided to check out LAX since we heard decent reviews about the place.  We went on a Saturday night and it was packed....not sure if it made a difference that there had been a boxing match that night at the Luxor.  We were placed on the guest list courtesy of a friend but as a group of ladies, I'm sure we could have gotten in either way.  The only problem with trying to get in off the guest list is that there is no organized line so you have to push your way to the front to find a promoter who will let you in.  We were able to get in after doing this for about 15 minutes.  Normal cover is $40...these are the times it pays to be a woman! :)The venue is decent size with a smaller rectangular dance floor.  I would recommend table service since the club is set up for that with tables all around the dance floor and also on the balconies surrounding the dance floor.  One compliant is that there is no designated walkway through the club so to get to the other side you basically have to walk through the already crowded dance floor.The music was great - DJ Hollywood was playing that night with a great mix of top 40's with some oldies mixed in.  The crowd seemed older - early 30's with a 2.5 to 1 ratio for men to women.  As usual there were random men hitting on my friends and I but isn't that typical for a Vegas club? ;)All in all a decent place (much bigger than the LAX in LA) with good music but a somewhat smaller dance floor.
2	I went to LAX at the Luxor a couple weeks ago on a Friday night.  Luckily, I got in on a guest list, otherwise, $40 cover? I would have been pissed.  Also, I ordered some water and a friend ordered a Coke and it was $13 for a bottle of water and a Coke!  They let WAY too many people in the club.  DJ Vice was spinning and he was great (that was about all that I liked about this place)!  Too bad it was too crowded on the dance floor to actually dance!  The design of the club is terrible.  The dance floor is tiny and you have to walk through it to get anywhere.  When I was leaving, it took me 45 minutes to get out because it was so packed.  People wouldn't / couldn't step out of the way and I started to have a panic attack (ya know, freaking out because what if there was a fire?).  I'm glad I didn't have to pay cover, danced with some cute guys, but I would never go back.
3	I just checked out this place over the weekend. It's one of the newest clubs in Vegas  but I don't think it's one of the best. Good points:- Music was always changing and was pretty good and consistent- Alki is normal. Not overly priced or cheap. Average size and price for Vegas- Good fun crowd. Everyone just wanted to be seen and have fun. - Lots of VIP sections/roomsBad points:- Took us 1.5 hours to get inside!!!! The lines weren't even lines! Everyone just stood anywhere and waved money at the bouncer to get them inside. Ridiculous! At least have proper lines people!- As I can recall, there was just 1 big dance floor and tons of VIP sections and small rooms.I guess if you don't have VIP you won't be sitting down all night or have space to dance. Overall, I think this place is very overrated! I rather party it up at Tao or Pure. More rooms with each of their own music, more places to walk around, and nicer scenery and environment. The lines may be long at Tao and Pure but at least it's more organized!And as for VIP, for some odd reason they stamped me with VIP and I have no idea how or why I got it. I just followed my friends and they walked right into a VIP room and got stamped. Soon, the whole room was crowded with people. So how strict are they with this VIP rooms? I'm not sure! It's all a blur to me now..but I am not complaining. I got free alki all night!
2	I think a headline for LAX should be "COME SEE CARROT TOP!" (he performs at the Luxor) because it seems as though he's always here, and he's one freak'n roided up carrot although he was with several decent look'n females that looked like they ate their carrots.Why 2 stars? One, its a rectangle with each side lined with table service, so what you have leftover is a small "strip" to shuffle your way back'n'forth down the ho chi minh trail - It reminded me of the mall.
2	A bunch of us girls went and got a table during the beginning of the year.  I was really excited and had my hopes up since hey - it's the sister club of LAX in LA. Boy was I disapointed.You would think that the people who fork over money to get VIP bottle service would have some decent class but no. I was just dancing and some guy came up from behind and tried to get his hand up my crotch! SICK!!!!My girl got really sick so I took her to the bathroom. She was totally piss drunk and let's say she didn't make it. Why did one of the rent a bouncers come up to me and said if I ever threw up again I would get kicked out. WTF? Blame the girl that I was holding up who couldn't even walk or stand straight!The "celebrities" of the evening were Nick La Gay and Vanessa "Hoochie" Manillo. It was a Saturday night... you would think that better celebs would be there?!?! I ran into Paris Hilton at PURE on a SUNDAY NIGHT!And I spent $50 on 5 bottles of water. Not including tip.My recommendation - TOTALLY OVERRATED with too many girls yaking everywhere. I'd rather walk the strip for free.
5	I guess you'll only really be able to enjoy this place if you get bottle service. We had tasted a small sample of what it would be like to party here without a table and I was on the verge of insanity from the sardine can dance floor. We were lucky to somehow get across the dance floor and party with some Okies in the VIP section: private room and everything!
1	This place really sucks!!!! We went to Vegas this past weekend and went to LAX. basically if you do not pay for bottle service you can not sit ANYWHERE!!!! I am not lying or exaggerating. You have to pay to sit. It is not even worth it if you have free VIP tickets to get in. The dance floor is SOOOOOO small it is crazy. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!
2	So I read the reviews. I was for warned that it would be bad, but I had no idea. We went in on a Thurs night and there were three of us girls. We barely had room to dance. We danced one song then left. We went again on Saturday night because we ate at the restaurant associated w/ it so we wouldn't pay cover or wait in line ~ Thank goodness. You couldn't even walk. everything is roped off as VIP. I don't sit when I'm at a club, the point is to get crazy on the dance floor. at LAX there is no room to even stand. Soo happy I didn't spend money on this place.
1	I hope the People that own LAX would Read this review.There is basically no dance floor, the floor is a aisle that people just walk through spilling there drinks on you. A club is where you can dance and have fun. Not just to walk and spill your drinks thats a waste of money. I will never come back there again due to they just want to profit on people paying for bottle service instead of having a dance floor.
1	we do not recommend this club!! It is very small, the dance floor is also the walkway.  Only one room so if you don't like the music you have to deal with it.  We've been to several clubs all over Vegas and this was way below the normal standard.  It may be good enough for Heidi from the Hills, but not good enough for DNA!!!
1	Decent ambiance.Dancefloor is strrrange and unwelcoming, not to mention it is hard to get to and from the bars.Music selection is okay, but mixing (DJ) is horrible!  Right when you're in the groove, they music just seems to stop and not blend to the next song!  Totally ruining my mojo!If you are going out to have a GREAT time DANCING, then I DO NOT recommend you go here!
3	I agree with other reviews that the layout of the club is not working in its favor.  The dance floor is too small!, but the place is still fabulous!  My girls and I went on a friday for Frankie Delgado's b-day.  Unfotunately we were not able to party in their VIP area for some reason which was upstairs.  We opted to party at a vip table along the dance floor, which turned out to be a great time.  Later in the evening the who cast from that reality show the Hills came down the A VIP section right next to ours and the cameras were there for awhile but then Lauren Conrad made a cut gesture and the Cameras were gone and the party continued.  It was a crazy night for sure....dancing on couches and tables.  Bonus amounts of fun for parties of all girls!
3	This place was so packed when i was here. Like everyone else says the dance floor really isnt big at all. EVERYWHERE, and i mean everywhere possible is reserved for bottle service. Lucky for me im a woman and flirted my way to a grey goose cran and a seat- i feel sorry for the guys!Add 2 stars because the line was HUUUGE and we walked straight to the front and into the club.
1	if i could, i would give LAX negative stars.. not only did the layout suck, the service was horrible;  bouncer, bartender, ticket person, bottle service person... everyone in a black suit holding a stupid clipboard thought they were chairman mao...  i'm paying for your services damn it.. give me some service!we were a group of girls on the so called VIP guest list (which is a crock of sh!t) and you'd think we'd easily get into any club in vegas..  tis not that case at LAX  the line entering the club was complete chaos.. there was no logic to it at all.  so we basically waited in line for about 30 mins while the dickhead bouncer let dudes (who supposedly paid $2500 for their table) in..  never mind that the reason they are paying is to hang out with girls who are apparently standing in line.. waiting to get in..  super lame!once we got in.. i was ready to leave within 5 mins.. after walking around and trying to get a drink from the bar, i realized that this is the next best thing to hell.. it was time to go.  we spent more time in the stupid line than we did in the club.  what a waste.
3	Only come here if you have a table or if you're a group of hot young girls who can get into a table. I give LAX 1 star if you're not VIP. I give it 4 stars if you are VIP. I experienced the regular crowd for about 15 horrible minutes. I was ready to go, but fortunately there are a bunch of rich bored duded who like to pull ladies off the dance floor and behind the ropes (yes I know, sorry boys but you can't win at everything). Then you can go about your evening however you want. You actually have room to move, which is always appreciated. The music was fine until it started to sound more like a wedding than a club, at which point we ditched the VIP area and walked the few feet over to Cathouse.
3	I wouldn't come here if I had to wait in line and/or pay.If you must come get a reserved table.  It is pretty crowded otherwise.
3	I dunno WHAT the big deal about this place is. While the music definately rocks here, the place is a frickin zoo full of bulls in a China shop.Believe me I understand how to pack a club to make it fun, but LAX is really just a zoo with some very "meh" looking wanna-be's. And I don't mean physical looks, but it's like somebody grabbed 1/2 of some backwards-ass town in Missouri, put them in some 70's disco club store full of Austin Powers gear, and released them here.Also, the way the club is designed, getting around feels like traffic at..... um... well.... LAX airport during rush hour (unless that was intentional.... in which case it's just a stupid concept).The only thing good about LAX is Noir Bar through the elevator side entrance.... meaning that I liked NOT being in the main club. And I was with a couple celebs, and despite the attempts at service, I just thought I'd landed in toilet-ville. Sorry.... NEXT!
5	Friday night I had too much fun!!! I got VIP didnt even plan on it! Got in free and tons of free drinks! Good looking men! Erykah Badu being there made it better! This is the best club Ive been to in a long time. Good music on friday nights! However the next night, saturday night was another story.... it was OVER crowded and Rude people at the door! I still got in free and everything it just wasnt a good experience on a saturday night.....
1	We stopped by after Cathouse and I was not impressed.Granted, we did get a booth, VIP treatment, bottles & drinks all for $0...but the people were not very good looking and the overall feel was...tourists trying way too hard.There are too many other places in Vegas to go...
3	Came here for my 21st birthday. I was there Friday night and stayed for about an hour. Music was good but what is up with the small ass dance floor? The atmosphere was good and exciting, got my drinks quick as well. Oh, but the bouncers (I'm sure this goes for any club) need to get real. What's up with the highty-tighty attitudes!?! HA!
2	is there even a dance floor here?  i mean it was like you walked in and then the middle was this skinny little floor for dancing, i guess but it seemed more like a line to the bar...no room what so ever..we went up stairs and danced but i really didn't like the layout.l.
2	So I went to Las Vegas with my boyfriend and his friends last weekend; one of the guys had a birthday on the 12th but he wanted to do it big in Sin City. Fair enough. He wanted to go to LAX since he hasn't been there so LAX it was.Already kinda drunk in line, I wondered why the ef it was taking so long to get in, considering I was grouped with the other girls in the group. Keep in mind in our whole group there was like maybe 14 dudes and 6 females; we figured it would be faster to get in if we broke up into smaller groups.TELL ME WHY THE GUYS GOT IN FIRST. I think they paid the bouncer. Moving along...I remember going up these flight of stairs (not fun in 4 inch heels) and going down another flight of stairs (again kinda scary in my heels). I observed the surroundings in the club and to be quiet honest, I wasn't really surprised.The club is designed in a weird way...it's like a rectangular club. In order to get drinks you have to pass through the "dancefloor" which sucked because people kept pushing. Thank god I was like 5'11 that night or else I would've been stepped on.VIP looked nice and two of the girls were lucky enough to hustle their way up there and I could have gone, but didn't want the boyfriend to get angry hahaha.Enough of my babbling. LAX was okay. I thought Tryst was better. I don't think I would go to LAX again. Well maybe if we had bottle service.
2	YAWN. Boring.The night we went, there were "special" guests: Travis Barker & DJ AM. Whatevs..Even though we were on VIP guestlist, it took the rude bouncers forever to let us in.Once we got in, it was wayyy overcrowded, nasty old creepers, okay music..We left early and did something much more fun: eating.
4	Ok so I ain't gonna lie. My girlfriends are hot and I mean HOT! (Hey Girls!) So, going clubbing with them... Piece of cake. As soon as we entered Luxor there was a gentleman handing out VIP passes to partygoers. Try to grab one because you can get two people in with one of those cards!Drinks are cheap I bought 4 mixed drinks for $41. I asked for Grey Goose and cranberry and got majorly hungover off 3 drinks... Ter and I were wondering if they substituted Grey Goose for some cheapo- make- jungle- juice- in- the- tub- comes- in- a- gallon- sized- plastic bottle- vodka. Nonetheless, the drinks are cheap the music is good and I had a blast here!Getting on the guestlist is the fastest way of getting in the club. If you are with your hot gal pals beware of creepy guys by themselves asking if they can follow you in.
4	LAX is one of my favorite industry night joints in the entire Las Vegas.  It's packed wall-to-wall with a pretty good ratio of girls to guys and a good vibe.  (industry night is Wednesday, BTW)However, if you don't get a VIP table in there,  It can become very frustrating;  Dance floor packed, bouncers a little unfriendly.I would say VIP: 4.5 out of 5 stars            Regular: 3.5 out of 5 starsPros:  -Drinks reasonable for an "on the strip" club            -Good ratio of girls to guys (usually 3girls - 2 guys i would say)            -Locals get in free if you dont want VIP            -Seems that the club goers are there for a good time and dont                          stay in a little cliqueCons:  -Small, packed dance floor             -Layout of the place is pretty weak             -If you are just a "regular person", could be a long line wait
2	The person who designed this club could not have been thinking clearly. The ceilings in the VIP area are so low you don't even want to take advantage of the bottle service you ordered because you feel like you could die of claustrophobia at any moment. I did get enjoyment out of their policy that entails rolling drunk folks out of the club in wheelchairs - apparently drinking really can create a handicap.
4	If you read my review regarding LAX in Hollywood, you would know that I hated it mainly because I didn't get in after standing in line for 2 hours.THIS time, however, I waited in line for less than an hour AND got in for free thanks to our Luxor room key card.  I highly suggest staying at the Luxor hotel if you plan on hitting this club up, especially if there is a special event going on.  That night I got to see Nicole from the Pussycat Dolls sing 3 songs as well as Dwayne Wade making it rain.  I don't remember the latter part because I was too gone to notice.As far as the club goes, the dance floor is really small and you have to fight for a spot.  Once you have enough drinks in you, this will of little significance, especially if you have other friends making room for you to dance.  It was really easy to buy a drink and the bars were not that crowded at all.  I had a really great time but it was mostly because of the intoxicated state.  Otherwise, I would probably give this club 2 or maybe 3 stars for ease of buying a drink and crowd.
2	After being so spoiled at other Vegas clubs in terms of size and space, I expected the same out of LAX.  So much hype was going on around this place, especially with Pamela Anderson's birthday celebration being here.  So we decided to check it out. I'm usually not used to waiting in line as we always get table service, but this night we decided to wait.  The wait wasn't too bad as we were near the front.   We got in quickly, but I was disappointed at how crowded it was for the space that was available.  I felt like a sardine in a can in this place.  There wasn't even any room to dance on what seemed to be a makeshift dance floor.  Anyway, to make a long story short, you're better off at a club like TAO.  Same capacity, but almost 5 times bigger in my opinion.
3	First of all, I'm just glad I didn't pay to go in here. My girls were lucky enough to skip the guestlist line and not pay. The decor is nice, sleek and clean. But aren't all the decent clubs like that. I have no way to describe Vegas clubs since they look all the same to me. The venue is SMALL though. This can be a good thing and bad thing. If your surrounded by pervs and nastiness, your pretty much stuck. No where to run and hide. Luckily, I saw me some eye candy the night I went. And close proximity within eye candy is always good. The major down side is that there is no outdoor smoking patio. And if you know me, no patio = no fun. Hey, a girl needs fresh air and a hiding spot at least once the whole night in a cramped tiny club! I need ventilation baby ventilation!
3	6.28.08: Plans fell through and we went to LAX instead since we were staying at the luxor. It was free to get in and it was nice that it was only around midnight. We didn't have to wait. The only sucky part is that their dance floor is so freaking small. It actually didn't even look like a dance floor more like a walk way. The place was packed with people. The music was not bad at all. I think if there's more dancing room it would have been more fun. Looks like all the tables were all booked. There were few hidden rooms filled with people.I would say this place would have gotten a better rating if it wasn't for the space. It was too packed and not really as fun if you can't dance away your drunkness. It was a night to spot Nicole from the pussy cat dolls. She was celebrating her bday and she looked so beautiful in person. I would come here for last resort again, but not as my first pick.
2	This club is poorly designed. The floor plan is TERRIBLE. You walk in, then you walk a bit further to go into this walkway which is actually the dancefloor, and there are bars on both ends.Also, because the dancefloor doubles as a walkway to get to and from each bar, IT WAS TINY AND PACKED. And can you STOP playing early 90's music?? Only good thing is that it's free and I had to get drunk.
2	The best part about this club is the VIP area up top.  The balcony areas are pretty large and provide a great view.  The dance floor below is very small but long.  It is probably 15 ft across which meant people were bumping into each other left and right. But that is pretty much how Pure Management Group operates there clubs. They try to cram as many people as possible.  The DJ was good though and he would smoke up while spinning. Pretty funny stuff.    If I was going to do VIP there, I would go, but other than that I'll pass.
1	If i could have gone lower than a star I would have.Bullshit guest list line where there was no line just dudes who knew someone working would get in.  We were given a complimentary pass but still had to pay $20 to get in on top of the $20 we had to pay the bouncer to get past the rope outside.   Once inside it got worse.  $15 red bull vodkas and the "dance floor" really is  just a walk way.  Everyone in this place feels like they should be the center of attention even 40 year old fat chicks that still got in without paying and with no trouble.Stay away from this place. Don't waste your time or money.  Even if you do hear that some celebrity loves this place.  Its all bullshit.
1	Again, Vegas....Quit bringing LA nightlife to your city and ruining it's name. This place is RA just with a new name, to attract the mindless american visitor for status.Worthless and disgusting.
1	Don't waste your time here.  There's nothing special about this club. Overcrowded and when I was there, the DJ played terrible music! My group and I stayed no more than an hour and a half and that was an hour and a half too long!
2	i dont understand the name.  did they run out of good names.  well clubs never have good names.  but LAX?  the airport?it was crowded.  we walked through.  it was like sardines.  i tried to walk through and had to push some people out of the way to walk a few steps and some douchebag pushes me back and is all pissed off that i walked through him.  i mean you have to expect to get pushed around when you come to crowded places.  then i stand right up to the rope that separates the tables from the dancefloor and the douchebag bouncer pushes me back into the dancefloor.  i dont know .. it was whatever
4	I loved this place. Being from the East Coast (Boston), I am not use to going to as trendy of a place. The line was extremely long, but my buddy was able to barter with one of the bouncers to let us in. The drink prices were reasonable and the crowd was much better here then some of the other night clubs we visited. My group of guys met a nice group of girls from California and they were pretty down to earth. If I return to Vegas, I would definitely like to go back to LAX.
1	LAX LAX LAX...where do I start? I heard it was one of the top clubs in Vegas so I thought I'd check it out. I had my doubts while waiting in line when I saw the clientele...to put it bluntly, I thought they were on the trashy side. The club is dark, music is ok, it gets crazy crowded to the point where you can't move or do anything. Takes minimum 30 minutes to get a drink. I honestly can't think of one good thing to say about this club. Me and my friends left in less than an hour.I think I figured the club out:They sure do a good job marketing...hiring celebrities to hype it up, get their name in the media by hiring celebrities. Fools like me see celebrities in the club from magazines or TV and think it must be alright. I also noticed half the club space is reserved for private tables - a very smart move because that's their main money maker.If you are thinking about clubbing in Vegas, skip this one and go somewhere else - lots of better clubs in Vegas, e.g. PURE.
4	My first impression was that it was too crowded and no place to really hangout without being in somebody's way.   Then I noticed they were letting people upstairs so there I went.  Nice.  I found my real estate at the bar and ordered up my usual Bacardi and Coke w/ lemon.   Drink number two from a different bartender and I tell her something seemeda little different with the first drink...maybe the Coke was a little flat or something.  She tells me they don't have Bacardi.   I told her that's what I ordered on the last drink.  She told me they don't carry Bacardi lite but they have Bacardi Limon.  She said that the bartender probably just didn't want to go through the explanation of why they don't haveBacardi.   That sucks and even more so when they give you something else other than what you "call."   Well maybe you think it's rum and it shouldn't matter but those of you who don't understand cheap rum gets me sick and I actually get buzzed faster and have a slight hangover in the morning.   This doesn't happen to me with Bacardi.   Well, I had fun.  It didn't really live up to all the hype I've heard but I did enjoy myself.  I would definitely go back here.
2	Similar to its sad counterpart in Hollywood...this location was pretty weak in my opinion. It was missing a key point., how about the dance floor!!! It's super crowded (surprised we weren't violating any fire codes) and no real area to stand around unless you got table service. I guess I was expecting a lot more but was highly disappointed when I entered...As I was making my way through the crowded entrance..i walked into a huge walkway which I later found out was their dance floor...I couldn't really complain since we got into the club for free since it was my friends bachelorette party...I'm glad I got to experience it at least once and now I can say that I don't think I really missed out on anything..I don't see myself wanting to come back anytime soon.
4	I have since learned that in order to have any decent type of fun in Vegas you need to drop the cash!  Lucky for us we didn't have to pay to get in, because the coked up bouncer from Pure has suggested to us to come out to LAX the following night and he would take care of us.  I noticed that he said that to almost everyone, so I took him up on his offer, and that he did!After getting into the club which was pretty cool walking into, I shortly decided afterwards that I would have to get bottle service so we would have a spot to chill, and well that's when the trouble started.  We ended up being cool with the rest of the folks that we shared a room with and my girl, who's birthday we were celebrating definitely had a great time.  We had awesome security and the rest of the staff took good care of us that night, even tossing out the this one trashy couple from the room that tired to steal our drinks!
2	SAT NIGHT, 2:30AM, 3 LADIES.My cousin convinced me to go here cause it was free. my instinct told me NO, but whatever. shit didn't go my way with this one.we arrive...free cause it was wiggity, wiggity WHACK. now thaswassup...now it's hard for me to NOT have a good time. I'm one of those souls that will have a good time anywhere, and while i did enjoy dancing to the music, not all the jams the deejay was spinning were hot, ya know, some tunes were just way out of 'tune'.some shit was just way off. DJ AM would have regulated on that without a doubt.. Now for the people, lol, well there wasn't much of a selection, lets face it, a woman likes eyecandy too, and let me tell u how i got no damn cavity that night.LAX here in LA is something i prefer....as for the vegas LAX, unless i'm rollin' deep with a buncha heads i know to see DJ AM i just won't stop. glad i didn't pay to get into this joint, i'd be one pissed female ;)now thaswasup.! [slurrr them words...lol]
3	I actually had fun at LAX.  But that was probably due to the fact that I thought it was still like Ra.  Plus, a lot of people told me they didn't have fun here.  They played good music while I was there, but the one drawback (and this is a huge one) is that they cram way too many people in the club!  I could barely move on the dance floor.  And even our table was hella crowded!  I ended up leaving early since I wanted to dance and there wasn't any room for it.  I might check this place out again, but maybe on a night where there aren't so many people.
3	All I can say is that Vegas really knows how to party... even all the way up until 3:30 or 4:00AM this place was still PACKED! Drinks prices are average for places in Vegas approx $8-10 for a standard drink or beer. The place is a bit smaller compared to other Vegas clubs but maybe thats why it always seems packed. Overall I'd give it an okay experience, I mean we didnt have to pay cover since they had these "passes" that they were giving away and it was a busy Sat night so I see it as a plus.
4	First off, we showed up late... our bad.. HOWEVER, I texted my host when I arrived to the club and he came outside and walked us right in without waiting AND they still had our table on the dance floor reserved. Yay LAX. The club was crazy. People dancing everywhere and honestly the girl/guy ratio was pretty good. I was the best man in a bachelor party of guys who were ALL married with at least one kid, most of whom hadn't gone out in 5 years, so I spent a fair amount of time babysitting but everyone in the party had an incredible time.
3	This was the last stop for the weekend. Most of us were staying at the luxor so we came in around 2am after JET. All we do is show our IDs and room keys and walk in. This setup is pretty interesting. Still lots of people pusing and shoving but I like the layout. At first they were playing hard techno, so much so, half my party left. About 3am I guess there was a dj shift change or something.  We hear 'got money... take it out of your pocket and show it" Oh sh*t its on!Best scene was watching 8 girls sitting up high in a booth with all of them on  their phones texting. I guess they had to tuck in all their boyfriends lol. My friend kathy is raw, she and another friend get swooped up by some dude with a table. I watch em periodically drink all his booze. About an hour later they just walk out and we all go home.
1	A group of 7 girls came here this past Saturday night.  We were walking through the casino lobby at the Luxor  trying to figure out where the club was when a security guy stopped us and asked us if we were going to LAX.  I don't know what his first clue could've been, since we were all dressed to the 9's in our best push up bras...Anyway, he gave us bracelets and told us to go  straight to the VIP area to be let in.I don't know why we didn't turn and run when we saw roughly 400-500 people waiting to get in.  We walked straight up to the burly bouncer said we were on a list, showed our bracelets and walked in much to the dismay of the other 500 people behind us...Believe me people, I would've had a better time in line waiting to get in.  You walk up the stairs and around some cylinder looking thing and back down the stairs.  No dance floor to speak of just a walk way which after thinking about it now is like the conveyer belt at the grocery store--the guys look at all the meat going by and pick the freshest cuts---after my 4" heels were starting to kill my feet, I started to look around for a place to plop my butt down.  The bouncer said that, "you have to be invited to sit down"  Are you kidding me??  Never one to listen to rules, I lifted the rope and sat down.  Luckily the guy I plopped down next too didn't kick me out, but instead offered me a drink.  The music is ok, but there is no room to dance.  The space is filled with newly minted 21 year olds, groping their way through the floor and a whole lot of people high off their butts.  I had a way better time at Tryst or Body English or even Rum Jungle...Way overrated....
4	This club is cool.  If you don't have a VIP booth then you're shit outta luck, because there is barely any place to sit and the dance floor is always crowded.  Other than that, the venue is pretty nice!
1	Went here opening weekend. We didn't know Britney Spears was making an appearance, and so there were loads of papparazzi and a three-hour wait. The place was lame, no theme to speak of. If I remember correctly, the floors, walls and ceiling were all painted black, while random red curtains covered random parts of the wall. There were red couches that you aren't allowed to sit on unless you reserved a table or were invited by someone to sit down, which is the DUMBEST rule I ever heard of. This entire section was completely empty, had been empty all night, but when I went to sit down, security said I couldn't and ushered me back onto the dance floor. The crowd was...not desirable to be around. I couldn't wait to get out of there. Oh, and the security guys letting people in turned Timabaland away. I heard it was because his friends weren't dressed appropriately. I guess it's somewhat encouraging to see them treat celebrities and your everyday folk the same way.Then again, probably not. Security here is on some major ego trips.
1	If I were just able to give this place a zilch (0) rating, I WOULD!When I was about 7 years old, my Dad cooked my sister, my brother and me some sort of eggplant dinner.  I don't know what it is about eggplant (since then and up until now) but neither three of us were able to stand the horrid/sour/bitter taste of it (kapooey).  My brother, who was six years of age back then, was forced to finish up every bite of the eggplant that was staring him down on his plate.  He took a couple of bites and then regurgitated it all up back on his plate.  My dad had fumes and steam and redness marked all over his face/neck and we knew he was thinking "you have DISRESPECTED MY COOKING!" It was instantly after throwing it up that my Father told my brother to spoon up the eggplant and eat it all within 5 minutes, or ELSE! So my brother did what he was told and re-consumed every single bite  on his plate.  We were ALL traumatized by this pitiful event.  With that said, I would rather go through that eggplant experience again and eat my own vomit than ever go back to LAX in in the Luxor, Vegas!  That place had no dancefloor, no ventilation and you can see all the smoke from cigarettes circulate the air because the venue is so damn small! Enough said.....Major NAY for LAX!
2	LAX reminds me of a lot of clubs in Los Angeles.  They are supposed to be "hot" but they play the lamest music.  They played so much music from the mid-to-late 90s I thought I was at my college reunion.   I don't think the DJ was aware that it's 2008 because I only  heard one song from this year.  I hate when I go to a club to dance and the music disappoints. "Return of the Mack" was hot when it came out in '96, but it's '08 and the song is not old enough to be a throwback.The decor is cool, the club is cool looking, but it's really small.  The ceilings are extremely high so that opens it up a bit. But, there is no dedicated dance floor.  Essentially the narrow walkway doubles as dance floor and you have to fight for space to walk and dance and inevitably some drunk idiot will fall or spill their drink on you.  There is however, tons of space for people who buy bottle service.  The majority of the club was roped off for VIP and bottle-service purchasing patrons.  It was pretty easy to get in, the line moved quickly and the bouncers did a good job of keeping it orderly.  If you get a free VIP pass, you save half off of the cover charge.Overall, the club is unimpressive and I probably won't go back.  I like Pure much, much better - more space, 3 rooms with different music options, and much more fun.
3	Remember that segment of Soultrain where everyone is lined up facing each other and these dancers show off their pimpin' dance moves while moon walking down the aisle of dancers...well, I wish LAX had that craziness going on. I wondered how LAX was the supposed hotspot of Vegas, hearing from the media and every bit...but I started to realize how much fun it was back in the days when it was Rah. Now, the joint seemed smaller, congested...we were packed like sardines and when you're dancing & swarms of people keep passing by you tipping over their drinks and you get a splash on the arm here and there, you pause from the interruption & hault shaking your tailfeather... and this happens about 5-7 times?? Uncool
4	SUPER PACKED!!! there's a stage with velvet red curtains. we had a VIP table but even the VIP section was overcrowded! don't get me wrong, i still had fun. but there were just too many damn people!!!!!!!
1	3 consecutive shots within 15 minutes + never ending strobe lights = out of body experience.I also didn't like how one of the bouncers told me I had to put my shoes back on while I was standing in one place, but this chick 10 feet away from me was bouncing around without hers!!
2	ehhh. the good: -i got in for free-the interior's pretty dope -i happen to be a fan of the old school hits, so the DJ was on his shit that night.the bad: -i had to wait forfucking ever to get in even though we were on the guestlist AND had been standing in line since 10 [they don't even open until 10 30]. there was no line, they were just picking people at random to go in and i'm pretty sure i saw a lot of guys pay off the bouncers to let them in. -if you don't have bottle service you have a minimal amount of space to dance, i have no idea where the bathroom was, and there was nowhere for me to sit for a few seconds when my feet were killing me. -there's no real dance floor. the walkway from the entrance thing to the bar serves as the dance floor which means it takes you forever to get from point a to point b, and you are constantly getting bumped into when you're trying to get your groove on.-i didn't even bother getting a drink here after paying 9$ for a midori sour outside, but i'm sure they're expensive as shit. i was completely over it by 12:30.
1	The worst club I've probably ever been to. After waiting in line for around 20 minutes, the bouncer told me I couldn't get in because I was wearing skate shoes. My bet is that this was just his excuse not to let another good-looking person into his lousy club -- most of the people standing in line were either over 40, gross dudes, or fat chics. Obviously, the club likes disgusting greasers in their establishment and not skinny Canadians.The music is bunk and the bouncers here are total jerks. You'd be better off flushing your money directly down the toilet.Lax tries so hard to be cool, but it's not. We compared it to some of the meat markets back in Calgary, and the place just didn't measure up. Calgary has beautiful women, slick and friendly bouncers, cheap drinks, and great people. Lax has gorillas for doormen, the rot of fatties on the inside, the worst music south of the border, and a smell you'd have to wash off for days.Don't do the Lax.If you do, expect discomfort, general rudeness, and to be robbed by their ridiculously high prices.
2	I don't get why LC likes coming here. I have to admit, I was looking out for her and Brody :)This place blows. Nothing but tables. No room to dance. The makeshift dancefloor on the first floor is actually a narrow walkway. Weak. Music was OK.At least I didn't have to pay to get in and our wristbands got us free drinks till 12.
2	The only thing I liked about this club were the decorations.  As for the dance floor, or lack thereof, there is absolutely no where to dance.  Expect to be packed like sardines and have drinks spilled on you.  If they could somehow make the dance floor bigger I'd come back but in the mean time...no thank you!
2	Ehhhh!!! Pros - was in the same hotel that we were staying at- the bartenders were quick and friendly- the layout is nice- the bathrooms were clean- you don't wait in line or pay a cover if your staying at the hotelCons- the drinks are WAY overpriced (but so is every other club in vegas)- way too many VIP tables that are closed off and not enough dance floor space- music was blah at bestoverall, it's a good place to go if you're staying at the Luxor, but I wouldn't go out of my way to head there if I wasn't.
3	Nothing too spectacular about this club- it could be fun if you make it fun, which is what we did. But I think it was the first time for all us 7 girls here, and we were expecting big things. The dance floor is almost non-existent, a narrow strip with a lot of tables and VIP areas. It's two levels, maybe three, I don't remember. Drinks were the usual Vegas price... I think my vodka redbull was like $15! Good thing we chatted up some VIP ballers with bottle service. I would return here if it was free again, plus it was convenient since we stayed at the Luxor which is where LAX is located. Sometimes you just can't put a price on convenience... especially in Vegas.
2	Below average for Vegas. We just came here because we were staying at Luxor and we flew into Vegas pretty late. Pretty small club by Vegas standards. Will not go back.
2	I was staying at the Luxor so I did get to go in for free without waiting, of which I'm glad because if I had to pay for LAX I'd be very unsatisfied. The music was so lame. The place is really small. My friends had a table so I had breathing room, but the dance floor was tiny. I love dancing, but here I felt like I had no room to dance. More like stand there and get jostled.  Honestly, I can't tell you much about the crowd because I drank way too much, as usual, but I can tell you that the bartenders are not stingy! Liquid Cocaine shots for everyone!!!
1	Unless you have a table to chill at, don' t come here. This place is whack.Basically, unless you have a place to chill at and sit down, people are just walking around in the places you're supposed to dance or whatnot.I don't think they try to control the male to female ratio, which is an important thing to do so it's not a sausage festival.The music isn't as good as other places.DJ AM probably does not DJ here.On a side note, I lost my eyeglasses here and my friend lost her cell phone. We looked for it for a really long time. Eventually we just said F it and danced for a while. Then we searched again until close (~4AM) but couldn't find either. This killed the night, and also made me more mad about how LAX is.People need to dance and not walk around.I'll have to admit that the place is really nice.It takes a while to actually get to the main area. Lots of walking to get there.The line to get in might be long (just like any other Vegas club) but I don't think it's worth it here.This place is awful. Spend your money at the blackjack tables instead.Stick to the bigger hitters like Pure, Tao, Jet, etc.
3	My girls and I went here our first night in Vegas. It was convenient since we were staying at the Luxor. Earlier that day one of the promoters here  came up to one of them and put her name on the guest list. We got bracelets for complimentary champagne until midnight and paid no cover charge. Although we were at the front of the place, it took a good while before we went in. Most places don't offer seating in case you get tired from dancing, and this is one of them, so that subtracted a star. Also, it's not huge in comparison to the other clubs in Vegas, so it was nearly body to body at certain times of the night. People were making their way through the crowds either behind us, in front of us, or weaving in between us. Boo! At least the DJ made up for it. One more added to my list of Vegas clubs visited. Whether it deserves another one is a different story.
1	we were able to get a group in free and didnt spend any money on drinks, otherwise i dont see why anyone else would come here.  everything about this place sucked. i think yelp sums it up pretty well. Eek! Methinks not.
1	Grim. So bummed we even went there. Had a group to get a table and they tried to hustle us at the door even after we had connections. I mean come on Vegas beefcakes. Can't stand it! Trying to make an extra 100 in cash is LAME. Watch out for the door guys. SHADY! Put us at a back table. Most expensive bottle service and worst crowd. Some celebs but there is such a bad crowd and huge club scene you can't even notice. Music was bad and the DJ was so bad that he was making call outs on the mic while spinning which is never cool. I mean I saw a guy in a different  VIP raining down dollar bills...CHEESY
5	I have only been there on nights when DJAM is spinning.  But I love it.  They let you dance on the couches in the VIP sections and if you're a girl they pretty much let you have the run of the club.  They let us sit in empty rooms with private bars and we didn't have to buy bottles. Everyone was super friendly.  I read some reviews saying its hard to get in.  I've found in all clubs in Vegas if you're a girl... dressed up...  smile and are nice and respectful to the doormen, hosts and bouncers.  They will reciprocate.  BUT if walk walk up acting like they owe you something with a stuck up face.... people are not going not want to help you out.
1	I know it's Vegas and all but still, this was NOT cool at all.Security staff sucked... I mean even by Vegas rudeness standards, these guys were total jerks.Then, 85% of the club is VIP areas. Again, even by Vegas standards, that leaves very little space for us peons to walk around.And last but not least, the DJ sucked... I mean really really sucked. I do go out a lot and I like Kaskade as much as the unknown neighborhood DJs if they know what they're doing. But whoever this guy was, he obviously had no idea what he was doing... Bottom line: LAX is not worth it. Even though that night, in that club, my current girflfriend and I "officially" went from "just friends" to "together".... even that doesn't help make this club special for me.Go somewhere else, it's not like there's no other club in Vegas (Pure=perfect!).
1	Holy Crap this place was packed and nasty.. air circulation was horrible.. felt so gross after came out this place. Once again, need to deal with the whole vegas exclusive theme. Be there early or have connection or have lots of CASH!!!!I did not enjoy this place a bit. not sure will ever come back.
2	THE PLACE - is NOTHING special Expensive - but its Vegas so u expect that                     - guys $30                     - girls $20 DJ like every other DJ in Vegas Club small       - no outside       - NO place to sit unless you've payed for your seat YIPPPEEE mmmmmmmmmmmm hhhhhmmmmmmmm hhhhhhhhmmmmmm im thinking, but i swear i cant think of anything that makes this place unique. BOOO This place is small (ok how many times have i said that but it really bugs me)          - when i pay that much money i expect more ADVICE Go to the playboy club.          - No matter what you've got hot bunnies to look at          - & u r gadzookes stories high so their is always the amazing view.
4	I guess I'm alone on this one but I enjoyed this place! We came here this past weekend (on valentines day and the 3-day weekend) and it was really easy to get into (free too)-- probably because it was just me and my boyfriend. The bouncer was really friendly and let us in after about a 15 minute wait. Right when we entered, I was digging the whole vibe... it was very dark, black, and red (maybe just for V-day?) My boyfriend kept complaining about how small the place was but from what I remember, I thought it looked really big. Ok maybe I was just buzzing after my 3 jagerbombs, but whatever. My only complaint was the music. It was electronica for a good like 30-45 minutes, and then the DJ started playing songs but only like 3 lines from a song, and then he would switch it. Oh and also, the security guards were being bitter bobby's who had to work on V-day and got jealous of all the couples. I seriously was just hugging my boyfriend and he said "OK Get a room you two. Move it somewhere else." OKAY seriously?! Go tend to the other 329482309 couples getting freaky deeky on the dance floor. sheesh!
1	Dude, LAX sucks.  It's like a hallway packed with sweaty old men, plus a balcony with more sweaty old men staring down.They have absolutely no line system.  That just packs everyone into the "waiting area" until someone pushes and shoves their way through the entrance and slips the bouncer a twenty.I know it's Vegas and I have to lower my standards, but LAX just sucks donkey balls.  Sweaty ones.  Gross.
1	L.A.M.E. When you walk in, you enter through this small walkway area which, oh, happens to be the dancefloor!?!? The place is tiny, and unless you get a table, you're stuck in this poorly designed walkway/dancefloor/cramped nothingness all night. Drinks were overpriced (but that's Vegas for ya) and the music was no good (I also happened to venture in on a night that Ashley Simpson was 'performing' --I'll blame myself for that). If you're a fan of the Mind Freak (Criss Angel) - he makes regular appearances... as well as Coolio apparently (yeah... who knew he was still around?). Overall, though, don't waste your time... go *anywhere* else. This place is just not worth it - you end up going home disappointed and covered in sweat (Eww)
2	The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because, when I went, we had one of the balconies. If you have one of these, this is about the only way to ensure you can have a decent time at LAX. The layout sucks, the DJ is average at best, the place is overcrowded and the people were not up to par with other clubs. I would only go here again if DJ AM was playing or if someone I knew had the balcony reserved.
3	this place is jam packed!! get bottle service/table....thats they only way to roll in vegas.  I've been here plenty of times, if you don' t want to pay cover go to the conseiur service and they ill give you a free pass.  All the clubs in the hotels usually have free passes.  Park in the parking lot that ison the second floor near the bridge that's the closes parking to the club.There is also another lounge room but you would need to know someone to be able to take the elevator to the room.  Its located inside the club and its little bar with counch seatings and a lot of old men and hot girls there...i though i was in a sex club the first time i went down the elevator.
3	It was ooookkI'm not a big club guy, even back home in Hollywood but I still wasn't impressed.  The place was 90% tables (im sure im exaggerating) but it was ridiculous, half the tables were empty which I guess should be a sign.   The music was fine but the dance floor is tiny and overcrowded.  My boys and I got a table and the service was great, our waitress was super sexy and our bouncer was cool as hell.  We went on the dance floor to only pull girls back to our table and once we did we never went back not cuz the girls were hot but because the dance floor was a pain in the booty to navigate.  It's a decent time but I know there are better clubs in vegas.  For it being not that great the deco isn't even eye-popping
3	It's tough to really review clubs just because they just might have gotten me on an off night. It's always usually crackin here and I've always seen it packed. the thing that disappoints me is the layout of the place. It just doesn't work and doesn't wow you like a Tao or XS. I like JET's setup too. Shrugs. If you get VIP service, they treat you well!
5	I planned a bachelorette party for 20 women and had decided on LAX for Saturday night.  I saw all the negative feedback on Yelp and it almost convinced me to change my plans.  I'm really glad I didn't...we had a fabulous time.  The club events manager (Steve) worked with me in advance to reserve a perfect space based on our needs.  I told him these girls want room to dance, and ideally want to avoid all the harrassment from drunk guys.  He put us in a beautiful loft overlooking the dance floor...and the best part about the night was the service once we were in there.  The waitress was SO friendly and sweet.  Our private security guard kept us safe...and there was even someone who came in and wiped the spilled drinks off the floor  every few minutes.  Their attitudes were not typical harsh club staff....they were so accomodating and friendly.  I will say that we tried going down to the dance floor and it was a mosh pit.  But if you can work out a good deal with Steve or split up the cost, the private loft is the way to go.  Great music, fantastic venue, and wonderful staff....such a memorable night for us and I would definitely go back.
4	I have been going to this club for years when it was previously known as RA.  I don't have too much to say about this club.  All the times I have been here I have had a good time.  Most of the reviews comment on the long lines or cluster "F" of people in front of the club.  Maybe I have just been fortunate enough to not have waited in those lines as I have only gone bottle service at LAX.Now about the bottle service....we had a table right on the dance floor and I had to say the bottle service is as good as it gets.  I think it was something like one waitress to one or two tables and I never poured a drink the whole night.  I thought this club deserved 4 stars because of the excellent bottle service.
3	When I go to Vegas I like to meet people and strike up random conversations.  This is not a place to do that.  It's packed to the brim and it's hard to even find a place to dance.  The only reason we went was because we were staying at the Luxor.  (Sidenote...the bar right outside is a great place to meet people!)Oh, at the end of the night they rounded up some people (mostly girls and guys who looked like they had money) and invited us to the "after party." It was alright...much more intimate crowd and a decent DJ.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but LAX went down like a plane with half a wing from the moment we arrived.Getting in:  We arrived a little after midnight with 17 people, 10 of them girls.  Even though we had a name on the list, we were still not able to get in.  The bouncers, on a power hungry craze, said we could get in A.S.A.P if we bought 3 bottles.  That's 3 bottles at $375 each.  Round that to the nearest Franklin, divide by 17 college students means that none of us would be going to school next year.  He 'saved' us $400 by lowering it to 2 bottles, but we quickly passed the offer.  Instead we waited 30 minutes with the rest of the crowd.  The bouncers didn't care about forming any sort of queue, but instead admitted people randomly.  Guys had to pay $30 cover (we were lucky enough to get $10 off passes, so we paid $20)Inside:Really?!  They made us walk ALL the way around upstairs, past all the VIP booths and the overly crowded bar just to get to the dance floor, a swarm of 30 year old men, baby-making couples, and college girl clicks.  There was pretty much no seating unless you were VIP.  Oh and the DJ sucked.  Horrendously
2	This place was an epic fail....I was so ready to go all out here, but apparently being the only "big club" open on a given night is actually a huge negative...LINES? Hi, we have 10 girls...please ask us to pay near a thousand dollars to get in right away for a sweet bottle service on a couch. Hell to the NO. Apparently you are at capacity, so we'll just wait in your line despite being on the "VIP list"DANCEFLOOR? Super crowded. Literally, no place to move...except into the arms of a creeper. Everyone is "dancing" with someone...I use the term dancing lightly because they are really just doing it with clothes on. Anyone who is not "dancing" is a creepster and is looking to "dance" with you...MY FEET? Alright, heels...tolerable. But this place seriously kills you. Absolutely NO seating anywhere, forcing you to stand in the sea of creepsters. If you notice, there are SEVERAL people right outside the club using the slot machine seats as their sanctuary...DECOR/MUSIC? Decor. Whack. It looks like a wannabe Buffy-the-Vampire club. Black floors with red wall accent and candles? I'll pretend they are buying into the "Twilight" hype... The music was deece, however, and for THAT ALONE I give this club 2 stars.Make sure to pregame A LOT before getting here, because the drink line is long and you'll need to be inebriated to enjoy this place...
3	tiny little clubbbb!!! i'll hafta give it that it had good music.. however during prime clubbing time when there was ABSOLUTELY no where to dance also. it was difficult trying to get from one end to the other end.. .eghhh ridiculous =( !!!! they leave alot of room for those w/ tables though.... cause i later went in there and there was TONS of room and a couch. well obviously... it makes you get a table....anyways.. so i left since ther was no where to dance.... came back a few hours later.. YAAAAAY ROOM TO DANCE... but crappy music!!! no wonder there's room to dance?!?!/ =/ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no one likes that music.... so we basically stayed there from 3am-4am.. something liek that... when they closed.... but yea.. all in all.. crappy experience. i guess it's just a good music club that is overly crowded =/ ... nothing more to say about it...i guess its a good thing they let you leave and come back in though =X =P
2	I came here during CES  --- DJ AM and Travis Barker were making their debut after their horrible accident.. I've seen DJ AM spin in NYC and Miami, so I was excited to hear him play some good music again.I was with about 20 work colleagues and associates, and since we were on business, we were all buying bottle service (gotta love those company  cards)..  The bouncer made us wait a good 20-30 minutes outside.  After we walked up the stairs, we told the hostess we wanted tables right on the dance floor.  She said we'd have to buy a few more bottles in order for them to accommodate our request - which we had no problem with.She took us downstairs and took us to some dark corner behind the stairs, next to the side bar and set up our tables, bottles and refreshments there.  Barely 4-5 people fit back there, let alone 20.. and since we were spending so much money and we specifically requested where we wanted to sit and bought additional bottles, we protested the location with her.   She brought over 2 big bouncers who basically told us that if we didn't like it, we could leave -- AFTER they already charged us and opened up our bottles.My friends and I attempted to mingle through the crowd, but it was so annoyingly crowded with douchehats and sluts, we went back to our area.Oh and P.S. - The music sucked.  I don't want to hear Journey and Michael Jackson mashups all night long. Thankfully the vodka didn't disappoint.
5	it was awes0me.. l0ved the b0ttle service but i w0uld 0f rather'd been 0n the 0utside vip! other then that it wasssss sooooooo coool! " if y0ur doing it vip, nothing will ever go wrong ;)"
3	What a waste... I know I gave this place three stars, but read the whole review to understand why.I've been here twice. Once I was on the guest list w/out a table and had a similar experience as Brian S. I waited an hour in line so I could pay $15 for a weakly poured cocktail. The dance floor is too small and it's hard to get around.The second time I was there, we had a big table and bottle service. This is the only way to roll in Vegas. We were sold on LAX because the bottle price was really reasonable (for a Vegas club). When the check came at the end of the night, the price per bottle was $200 MORE PER BOTTLE. The total was $800 MORE than the price we were quoted. It took 2 months of back and forth with the club in order to get reimbursed. We learned a valuable lesson that night, DON'T GET A TABLE UNLESS YOUR HOST PUTS THE QUOTED PRICE IN WRITING!! I gave this place 3 stars despite the negative comments because the bottle service we received at the table was excellent. We had a bouncer for our table who would escort us to the bathroom so we could cut the line. The security at LAX is really good too. Pussycat Dolls were performing the second time I was there. The dance floor was packed and a guy tried to pickpocket me. He literally had his hand down my back pocket (luckily my wallet was in the front). I grabbed his wrist and yelled at a bouncer, "THIS MUTHAF**KER* JUST TRIED TO PICKPOCKET ME." They immediately apprehended him and gave him the boot. Thanks Mr. Huge bouncer guy (looked like Debo from "Friday").
2	The LAX night club is located inside the Luxor on the strip. Here's the lowdown:Crowd: MixedDress Code: UpscaleThe Price: My guess is expensive.  I was told that Guest at the Luxor get Free Admission by like 3 staffers, but soon as me and my boo got to the front of the line we were told its not free just discounted.  I paid $20 and she paid $10, their explanation was we needed to get there before midnight.  I hate liars, and Vegas has lots including these guys  The Drinky Drink: The bar is hard to reach, but I pushed through all the squarebutts and got right to the front.  Drinks are expensive and iced up, get drunk before you get in for sure.Music: Pop, Top 40, electro, hip hopAmbiance:  The place looks ok, but its too small to accomodate so many people, the dance floor does not allow for too much movement.Seating:  You need to buy a table to sit or you can go to the bench near the restroom away from the dance floor to rest off you're drunken stooperOverall Fun Factor:  Do not make this plan A, its cool as a bar hop spot, you get a stamp for Ins and outs but i've definitely experienced better,
3	I don't really go clubbing much when I go to Vegas, nuts I know... Seamless doesn't count.  I kinda like the grand staircase entrance and for some reason it was easier for me to walk down than up.  It was pretty packed but I felt like no one was dancing (everyone was dancing) but we were in our own little world.  The bartender didn't like our crew but he should have as we can all toss back a few in a few minutes.  Definately an odd shaped club but it's always a good time when you are with good company.  And believe me, you cannot beat our team.  Team Napa!
5	"...no, no, there's something _else_ about you... I don't know what it can possibly be, but I LIKE it..."Perhaps it's the fact that you're Oscar de la Hoya and I've seen more of your fights than any of the girls in this little private booth COMBINED!!holy monkey nuts, this place turned from yuppy-preppy smoke-crowded nightmare to euphoric dream-come-true at the drop of a dime!I'm still stunned by the surrealistic nature of how I ended up in a private booth with not just Golden Boy, but "Sugar" Shane Mosley as well!Suffice it to say, Wednesday nights at LAX can be decent with the proper company, bottle service and a right-proper view of the misery below. ...I should also mention how roomy those private booths are. There were no less than 10 women and 5 beefcakes in there at any give moment, but I still found room to dance to the great mixes.
3	2.5 stars. on my trip to vegas last summer, my group went here twice. both nights were VIP. And VIP is probably the only way to go in Vegas, especially for guys. the first night was when The Game was performing (we didn't know till he came on stage lol) it was a CD release party of his cd named LAX. i was extremely jet-lagged and got tired by 3am. we had 2 bottles for 6 people! the place was really really crowded, especially when the game came on. LAX, like Tao, ropes off the vip areas making the "dance floor" almost non-existent. Our bouncer was nice, security is really really high at this place. getting around is extremely hard. second time to LAX: it was our last night in vegas so we wanted to go party. another club Rain or Pure one of the two had a corporate party going on full of suit and ties, so we opted for LAX since a promoter was "hooking" us up. we had about 20 people so we got the upstairs vip area, right next to the bathroom. we ordered 3 bottles and some beer and extra stuff. it came to be a little of $3!! this was fine considering it was 20 people ($150 per person). we got 1-2 waitresses mixing our drinks, cleaning, etc. but most of the time, we found ourselves mixing the drinks ourselves after the 3rd-4th rounds. i would pay that price again to avoid the crowd this place has. its totally packed!!! it takes you forever to get to the bar, and from the dance floor to the bathroom would take you another 10 minutes! our security, again, was top notched! the DJ was really good, some of the best i've heard. decor is pretty decent, bathrooms are spacious (for guys). but i think the layout is what makes the club small. they have 2 staircases-one on each side. and bouncers will PHYSICALLY move you if you are blocking the stairs or standing on them.  the VIP areas surround the small dance floor. overall, both nights were VIP, so we had no trouble walking right to the front of the line...it makes you feel "special" and the others look at you and think, "who are these people" lol... the lines are deep!!! over 100 people deep!
1	Ahhhh.. not the bomb.  Went here 2 Saturday's ago, and it was a hot mess.  It was pretty small... too crowded... the floor plan is weird... it was difficult getting around... and the party people were... "questionable," for lack of a better word.  I was in the VIP area and still had more vodka all over my dress and shoes than in my belly.  "LAX" is a good word to describe the security, too - some super drunk chick kept leaning over the ropes asking if anyone seen the $100 bill she supposedly dropped on the floor.  C'mon... forreal????
2	Ghetto! The crowd is rough. Bump any one of these jack asses in a crowded club and they get bent out of shape. NEWSFLASH: clubs get crowded retards, if you do not want any physical contact - stay the F*CK home!!!!!
4	Upon arrival, while waiting for our buddy to come out and grab a VIP host for us, I happened to over hear some poor chap that exited the club complaining that he literally just felt someone pick pocket him, and voila, his wallet and credit cards are all gone. Sounds fun.While this easily tops "most" clubs in America, I personally thought this place was a bit strange. They need to watch the kind of GA girls and guys they let in to this place. The table was nicely situated in the room however: we were placed high enough above the crowd but low enough for the upper floor.. we were felt like total eye candy for the crowd :pThe bouncers and what not were cool, as they should be if you drop a few g's. At any one time, we were protected from thieves by our bodyguard and two or three house security staff. Strangely enough, this place was the only one that gave my boy a hint of shit about his white sneakers. You would think Tryst or XS would have complained as well right?----On another note, I wanted to go see what the huss and fuss about the prices of normal drinks from LV nightclubs was about, so I walked down the stairs to the floor, made my way to the bar rather difficultly, and placed a single order: "Chopin long-pour and Sugar-free Red Bull," I asked three times. "What's a long-pour?," and my reply: "three shots."Her:    "We don't carry Chopin." me:    "I see it, right behind you."Her:    "oh.. well I can't do three shots." me:    "fine, two."price of one drink with only two shots and a splash of RB (so I suppose it WAS strong) in a cheap 1 cent plastic cup: $27 + tipMy friends, I'm sorry I doubted you!
4	LAX blew up for Memorial Day Weekend by putting Wyclef on stage.  Th concert was hott and there were beautiful Woman everywhere.  They wouldn't let a friend of mine in because he didn't meet dress code.  I told him to always Dress to Impress so he wouldn't have to worry about getting in.  Ant way, we had a blast without him.  The Dance Floor was tight and hard to get up stairs into the Lofts but it was a Holiday weekend so there must have been close to 2,000 people there.  If you haven't been you should defenitley go see what eevryone is talking about.  LAX has become the new standard of Vegas NIghtlife.  Rumor has Fat Joe and JARule are performing in a couple weeks.
1	I had the oddest experience with this club.  I had a VIP pass that I got for free from the lounge outside.  I got in the club easy, bypassing the mammoth line on a holiday weekend.  I went into this loud, packed, hot, weird room.  I stumbled, excused, pushed, balanced, and squeezed my way to the far end where the bar was.  I looked for a seat but there were none to be had.  I tried to get a drink at the bar but everyone seemed too busy to serve me.  I stood there for a while checking out the people in the place.  I got thrown out by Security who said they got a report I was engaged in inappropriate activity.  I was like huh?  You are kidding right?  Sorry sir, you have to go.  And escorted out into the night sky!   Whoa!  Like a Keanu moment.  Weirdest thing ever.  Won't waste my time again though, count on that.
4	wow... I am shocked to see the reviews of people below. My girls and I decided to head to Vegas for the weekend and of course clubbing was our main focus. On Saturday night we decided to start out the night at LAX. The club is in a very nice hotel called Luxer, shaped in the form of pyramids. We got there around 9P and there was already a line out the door. We showed the security guard our room key cards and thankfully we didn't have to stand in line, they let us right in. Once in the club, I was amazed. The inside is really nice. Very dark, so ladies be careful when wearing heals. The club has several bars, and only 2 bathroom (at least I only saw 2) which is why I am only giving it 4 starts. Once we made it all the way around to the bar, our bar tender was really nice. He prepared some drinks and they were pretty good and the price was reasonable. The security guards are very friendly, we asked a few questions and they were very easy going! The music was very diverse. The dance floor was packed... but we found a spot in a corner and danced. Over all very nice place =)
3	It's OK. This is a nice club but the fact that ALL seating is for Bottle service only sucks as I am not a dancer, I'm a people watcher and avid warrior against the ale qaeda (Not spelt wrong, just say it out and you might get it... if not google the word ale). The setting is nice, the prices are average for Vegas (expensive for UK) but the portion is huge, the free pour system rocks as the girl behind the bar gave me more Jager than coke (nearly choked me as i didn't think it be that strong). Music is shocking though, come one.. Shaggy! Seriously. I hung my head in shame for the DJ.In all It was ok, I got in free as I was staying at the hotel so wasn't bothered but I would never have paid to get in.
3	I probably would have had just as much fun in any other club but I managed to get my two girlfriends and I into the VIP section. Much less crowded and better reason to watch everyone else get bumped and smooshed. The drinks were steeeep but strong and the music was so-so. Thankfully we also skipped the massive line but I wouldn't really put down the cash for it. But thankfully, some fool was throwing around dollar bills like he was throwing confetti. Being 5 ft nuthin', I swooped down and grabbed some bills to stuff in my purse. When I woke up in the morning, I realized I had been paid $17 to go to LAX ... AWESOME.
4	Went here with my brother 2 nights in a row.  The best part was that it was FREE if you were a guest at the hotel.  If you are not it's probably $30.  I think Pure and JET are overall better clubs but I stil had fun here.  There were a lot of people and it was crowded, but it looked like most people were having fun.  Expect to pay 10-15 a drink.  It's worth going if you can go for free.  I think you can also go for free if you sign up for the guest list the night before.  If you are not with a group of hot girls and you're a guy then you maybe waiting around to get called in, but eventually you will get in if you're patient.
1	I just came across this article/video where the parents were scammed out of at least a thousand bucks: http://www.lasvegassun.com/videos/2008/mar/09/149/Anyways, went here last year with friends, one of the friends suggested bottle service but I left cuz I'd rather get bottle service at XS. Just imagine all this beautiful space and you're confined to a skimpy roped off lane about the width of a running lane on a track and you're going against traffic. THAT'S L.A.X NIGHT CLUB...WORSE THAN THE ACTUAL AIRPORT! I'd rather listen to my Vegas playlist while looking out the window at the tarmack at L.A.X or any other airport for that matter. Save your money and keep away from this club.
3	We stopped by on a Saturday night....I believe Fat Joe was performing and the line was massive.....We actually waited in line which took well over 45 mins...insane. We got to the front of the line and they tried to charge us $25....usually I can work some magic and get in free but the bouncer was not budging....we were going to leave but I was damned if I waited in line all that time to just leave....we proceeded towards the exit and another bouncer quickly stamped our wrist and escorted us back (just as I thought foo)....Once inside the place was crowded and hot...beautiful ambiance though...the main dance floor was packed no room to dance but we made our own dance floor near the bar. It was okay...I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
2	two weeks ago, i was at xs at encore and this place doesn't compare... too small, too dark, and didn't care for the crowd that was there... my friends and i spent half the night running away from a group of leech-like muscle-heads who wouldn't leave us alone. can't a girl just dance???? we were on the list, so getting past the huge crowd to get in was easy. once in, we didn't care too much for the music or the set up. i could totally see my clumsy ass totally having a major accident on the stairs... no bueno. best part of the night was the fact that lebron james made an appearance~ i heart lebron!
2	Not what I expected from a Vegas nightclub. My girls hustled a few bouncers into getting us VIP passes for this club on a Wednesday night. But VIP doesn't mean no line, VIP just meant a kind of shorter line but you still had to stand in line. A shot of patron was $13 plus tip. The dance floor was wayyy too crowded for dancing or walking and the light effects made me feel like I was gonna keel over from a seizure. Yeah, those stairs are a bitch on a girl wearing 4-inch heels, make sure you take advantage of that handrail.
4	-1 because it's not very flashy or Vegas- like at all. kinda dingy-er then your usual popular Vegas club. heard from a Friend this place was really good and it was a wed. night so we figured lets give it a try. right away- not even up to the door yet a handsome door guy walks up to us asks how many we have with us [ group of 4 girls] and literally walks up up to the club, past the door, through the crowd, up the stairs into the VIP area- gets us all a drink made pronto by the waitress introduced us to some people and then came back like every 15 min to make sure we were all good and having a blast. Damn that's what i call service! The people we met we actually ended up knowing through 6 degrees of separation so it was fun but i can see how a lot of people would be thrown off by being offered to VIP guests as a hot slab of meat but just because your being offered doesn't mean you have to do anything about it except enjoy their bottles for free. ha ha I LOVE LOVE LOVE the fact that the VIP is off the floor and raised up [ about 4-7 steps?] and that it is separated into 2 sides with the DJ booth in the middle. Makes dancing and people watching so much more fun when the girl next to you isn't throwing bows into your face or some pervo isn't rubbin up on your bootay. ALSO VIP has a separate bathroom which is AWESOME but unfortunately Lebron James people were using it and we had to hit the regular rest stop but that wasn't so bad either. Played a lot of great music esp. for a wed. night, had a great crowd plus celebrities so if your in from outta town this spot will def. having you see some stars. if your sexy and you know it- go to LAX and get the hook UP. =]
4	i like this club! i dont know what people are talking about... maybe its because they don't get bottles? bottle service is great. i recommend the tables on the dance floor to be in the middle of all the action... they put ropes to block off everyone so you have all the room in the world. music is better than PURE i think.... its a great club too... gets my 4 star.
3	Not my favorite club in Vegas. But after a while, every club is really the same. Came on a Wednesday night. Good crowd. Our cocktail waitress in VIP was very helpful and attentive to everyone's needs in our party. I like that LAX has a mezzanine area for some of the VIP booths, but every VIP booth houses two different parties which can prove to be problematic if the two parties conflict (which happened to us). The security attempted to remedy this by dividing the booth with one of the couches. The DJ was ok. I guess I would come back if I absolutely had to.
1	Came here with a couple of friends on a Saturday, the layout of the club is nice but the place is too packed, lots of older folks and couples as well. as far as the music goes it was okay but I left after 30 minutes.  Waste of 30 dollars in my opinion.
3	When I saw the long line in front of this club, I thought we'd never get in.  After buying 2 drinks (each) next door at the Company Pub House, we got VIP entry passes.  Sure beats paying full cover and waiting in line!  Once we got in, it felt like hell!  It was so stuffy, hot, and overcrowded.  People couldn't even move on the dance floor.  I was sweating without doing anything!  Still had a good time hangin with my SBC homies!Music was okay.
2	i wasn't feeling it at all. my buzz was gone. i was annoyed. totally not having it here. it was too crowded. i was too close to the damn smokers. ugh. it was a just a crowd to even get in here. the only upside is that i didn't have to pay and i got to leave early with the bf back to the hotel room.... :D
2	The good: The music was good if you like Hip Hop, decor was good, people were fine.The bad: Place was a mosh pit. The dance floor is tiny, there's NO room to walk through AT ALL. Line for bathrooms was so bad, we just went back to our rooms to use the bathroom and were so over the crowds we didn't bother going back (stayed at the Luxor). A busy club is a good thing but for f***'s sake I think being able to get through the club w/o almost fighting 3 people is not too much to ask for.BTW, suggestion for the DJ, playing "Move Bitch" by Ludacris NOT a good idea in that club...suggestion hits too close to home.
2	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 10 of many reviewsHmmmmmmmmmmIt was an adventure just getting in. They offer a simple, yet convoluted process of ordering two drinks from corset wearing lovelies at an adjacent bar in exchange for 'VIP' passes. And if there's anything I learned about 'VIP' passes easily acquired are not truly 'VIP' but merely what everyone else is doing. Either which way we ended up killing some time in the wrong line after seeing the girls go in we were then told that the 'VIP' line to wait in was around the corner. Another drink and another wait and finally we get in. WHEN IN VEGAS - GET A BOTTLE. Otherwise after waiting in a much smaller line... There were a lot of stairs leading to and from the main floor to the second floor that over looked the organic miasma that was the dance floor. The bar was hard to get to but easier to actually get a drink. All in all I have come to the conclusion that it was not so bad, and not so good. It was packed, it was hot, large portions were roped off for tables but we found great seats off to the side for all to get trashed at and make moves at and easy to look at and laugh at from. That part wasn't actually half bad till I realized I was sweating from sitting down.Bleh!o_0
2	Just like any other hotel who has club promoters trying to get intoxicated people to come back to their club, LAX was no different. The guy was handing out "discounted entry pass" for LAX and with nothing planned for the night we decided to go. After a quick change and "pre-party" back at the hotel room we decided to hit up LAX. We get there and notice the line for "VIP" was ridiculously long. We were going to wait when a waitress from the near by bar said they were having a promotion. "Buy any 2 drinks per person and skip the line." After thinking about it and concluding, "hey we can get the 2 cheapest drinks and that would beat paying cover at the door," we decided to do just that. We finally get into the club and first thing I notice is how SMALL the place is. The dance floor was small and crowded, too packed to even get to the other side (if you dared). The upstairs area was mainly for reserved tables and a small bar overlooking the floor. I can't say my entire experience at LAX was that horrible though.PROS: -bars were not too packed so it made it easy to get drinks.-shots here are probably cheaper than those at other clubs.-dj played some good music-restrooms were clean and not too packed.CONS:-the place is WAY too small-dance floor is tiny, especially for one that is in a club.
3	My girlfriend and I went to good ol' Vegas to celebrate her birthday, and since we were staying at the Luxor we decided to hit up LAX.  Oddly enough we had almost no wait in line - maybe about ten minutes max.  Our names were supposedly on the VIP list but the bouncer looked us up and down and without even glancing at his clipboard, let us through.  Thank god we didn't pay cover because as others here have pointed out, VIP really isn't VIP, it just means you get into the club first or a little earlier than everyone else.  Once you get out of line and into the eye-watering neo-Gothic club (wtf they expect drunk people to not biff it in those dark hallways and going down those crazy stairs?), you realize that your VIP status didn't do much for you.At that point the club wasn't terribly packed (oh, just you wait an hour) so we made our way with ease to the bar, where a snotty looking lady/bartender provided us with our $34 vodka Red Bulls.  Already feeling let down by the lackluster "VIP" and the even-stiff-for-Vegas drink prices, we decided to give one last ditch effort:  do several shots of tequila and hit the dance floor.  This time we had a snazzy looking guy serve our drinks, and for four shots of Patron we (shockingly) paid only $24.  Hmmm...So.  Well-fortified with booze, we forced our way onto the dance floor which was now PACKED.  No two-stepping for these gals.  A nice mix of 80's music was playing - our specialty - and we made it very clear that if you stepped within our four-foot radius you risked hair in the mouth or fist in the eye.  Long story short, a security guard told us we were invited to join a bachelor party.  Over the red ropes we went into comfortable leather seats, and I enjoyed a vodka cran made by one of the drunken party members - which was really about five shots of Grey Goose and perhaps a drizzle of cranberry juice.  But hey, free drinks, so down it went!  After dancing in our own private area without risking injury, and flirting with the adorable security guy and scoring drink passes, my girl and I got ridiculous frou frou drinks from the bar and then decided to call it a night.  This was the prequel to what I like to call Vegas: The Worst Hangover of my Life.  (No, really.  We even went to the airport seven hours early so I could get my ass on a plane back to SeaTac so I could continue my vomiting in my OWN bathroom.)While I think that LAX has more potential to kill a night than make it memorable, the odds were on my side for my visit and I ended up enjoying my experience.  But... probably won't go again.
2	The packed crowd in front of this place on weekend nights is nothing more than a tragic foreshadowing of things to come if you manage to be drawn by the allure of loud music, booze, and the off-chance of going home with your inebriated sex object of choice.If you're a commoner, be prepared for a lived experience of what it's like to be a canned sardine after you drop $40 cover for entrance into this ultra-cramped "ultra-lounge." The music is great, but good luck dancing to it unless your idea of dancing is rubbing up against all the unattractive people around you. The words "mass orgasm" come to mind, and not in a good way. So messy...I give this place an extra star because bottle service folk are well taken care of with the exception of entry into the club. Do yourself a favor and show up early or late as you'll be fighting to get in along with the commoners, regardless of whether you're paying $500+ for a table and a bottle or two. Just be sure to clear your plans with your host.
5	When my friends and I got there, there was no line. It was about 1:00 in the morning. We were taken to the VIP area which is downstairs. There is really nothing special about the VIP, its just a small lounge. Now the club is awesome. I love how the venue is decorated. As you enter the club you feel the energy. You have a good view of the dancefloor because the entrance is on the second floor. You have to go down the stairs to get to the dancefloor. They play good hip hop music. Cool place to hang out and meet some cute guys.
2	This was my girlfriends choice on where to go on her birthday. For the record, having been to big clubs around the country, I've grown out of this stage of my life. Onto the review.LAX is located inside of Luxor.  Walking up, there didn't appear to be any system that resembled a proper line.  Fortunately, I signed up on the guest list, so we stepped up to the VIP entrance.  The guy screening the list found my name, but said I only signed up for 1 person.  This is completely false and I hate this type of shadyness. So he said he'd take care of me, but someone would have to pay entry.  So even though I signed up, I still ended up paying a cover because of course they let my girlfriend in for free, but I had to pay 30 dollars. Yup. BS already. On the upside we only waited 5 minutes, which was really nice and made the gf happy.Anyway, the layout and decor of this place is pretty damn cool.  It's very gothy and dark. The sound and light systems are fantastic. Yup. That's about all I got for the good.Like some of the other reviewers said, this place is stupid packed. Now being a hot club, I sort of expected it.  However, we couldn't even dance without jackasses slamming into us.  And that's what it was like across the entire floor.  The music was passable for the first 30 minutes we were there and then it switched over to nothing but rap. No dance music, just hip hop. Imagine a few hundred people wedged into one area all grinding on each other. It was disgusting.  On top of that, there was no good path through the crowd so people were trying to move back and forth through that crowd all night.Drinks. Yeah, well, they were outrageous. My cocktail ran 18 dollars.  It also took 20 minutes to get while maneuvering in crowds that weren't unlike those that were on the dance floor.Restrooms? I have no idea. I had one cocktail and didn't dare venture to find the restroom.And like Yasmin said, the friggin security is ridiculous.  They pretty much ring the whole dance floor.  While I didn't feel like there would be a fight (I was getting close to swinging at one guy who almost knocked my drink out of my hand twice, but only came close) I did get that feeling like I was in prison.The VIP bottle service seems like the way to go here. But I'm not stupid or rich enough to drop $550 with tip to hang out at a place where we had no room to enjoy ourselves.So bottom line, $30 cover + $22 cocktail with tip + douche central + poor management = I will not be coming back here.  There are too many other places that treat you much better and you can breathe in.  Now that the chickie has been to a "real" club, I doubt she'll ever want to go to another one haha.
1	The place like many people has said has no line for people to wait patiently to see if they can get in, instead it is like an angry mob when you try to get into this club! We got in quick, the place looked really nice but I couldn't believe how much the price for drinks were costing!! Good thing for me I get waisted after one mixed drink...lol. This place was really crowded and it is quite a mix crowd of people which is a good thing I believe. :) The only bad thing was the music sucked...really really bad and for some reason they were killing me !! I had a major head ache and couldn't stand being in this place.. The music was just super loud and actually hurt my ears !After an hour I left while my friends kept paying for drinks and just trying to get drunk. Each one spent over $100.00 just on themselves. Maybe clubbing isn't really my thing, I didn't enjoy it at all. :(
4	CROWDED as a madafaka. 4 stars because we got there late and only "pass" to get in for free was our LUXOR room key. After waiting for about 40 min. we finally got in (for free) and it was bumpin'. Nice people in line to talk to... so that made time go by a lil faster. The bouncer was one of the nicest I have ever talked to. And this Vegas... I am sure he has seen his fair share of a-holes who wanna start something. Nonetheless, staff was polite and very very nice. Major PLUS! Expect to pay up to or more than $14/shot. My Liquid Cocaine (LC) was about $11 a pop. Dance floor light as well be a wet slip and slide. Mannn... alot of people spill their drinks. Maybe the bar should serve drinks with some sticky tape or something. or Velcro. Yea that'll work! And did I say crowded! Cause you can barely move. I got molested and groped by at least 6 Asian women. No joke! Good times tho. Its nice cause: Good staff, STRONG drinks, energy off the ass, lights and decor - one a kind. Enjoy!
2	Came here on a Saturday night after receiving some "free" vip passes. Forget about those things! If you ain't on the list, you ain't getting in..Lucky for my group, a promoter gave us a name to use and get in..so we didn't have to pay the ridiculous $30-$40 cover. No line if you're on the list! :) And girls have a wayyyyy higher priority than guys..and I can see why..TOTAL COCKFEST INSIDE!This has seriously got to be the most crowded place that I have EVER been to..forget about your "personal space" buddy. Getting from one side of the dance floor to the other took a good ten minutes..One thing I like about this club is that it's a very mixed crowd (being in a hotal and all.) I like how everyone looks different and they play a wider variety of music than most clubs.Nonetheless, after about an hour or so, my group got bored..so we decided to leave..Who gets bored at a club? Hmm..
3	For the most parts it is a pretty cool club. I really don't like the dance floor because of how packed it is but hey we had a booth upstairs that we made our own dance floor in the hallway and inside the booth. It was ridiculously fun. I guess it is the crowd you are with that make the fun you have!!!!!This was this past saturday night. We got into the club around midnight and left when it closed. I did hang out around the casino because of "yeah" but anyhow that night was insane had a 45 min sleep session the next morning. Which really sux but worth the fun!The drinks I have no clue what it cost because we had 8 bottles of vodka to our booth and none the less it was all gone!The wait is insane for people trying to get in. The guest list is the way to go but remember bring some ladies with you and the more ladies you bring the merrier you will be!
1	Our last night in Vegas was a Wednesday, which means there aren't very many clubs open. We took the Monorail down to Luxor to check out this club LAX. It looked alright at first, but then we saw this chaotic line outside. Not really a line, more like a circular group of people. As we made our way in, they door guy says that my buddy's shoes aren't appropriate for the club...(All black kicks that we're worn to XS the night before) I thought to myself, "This club must be amazing". So we bought my friend some shoes and then went in. BIG MISTAKE! This place is packed full of DUDES and NASTY GIRLS! Like packed to the brim. No room to dance or anything. Worst of all, they were playing Kid Rock's "Cowboy". We left after about 15 MINUTES!GO TO XS @ Encore. Seriously a way better club.
3	Went here last Friday and got there probably a little after midnight. we valet park and when walkin in the security gave me and my 3 friends wristbands for the club.  So we basically walked to the front of the line and got in for free.  I was already drunk, so I didnt drink much when I got there. I think I had a Long Beach Iced Tea but I didnt finish it and some guy bought me a Fiji water b/c i was so drunk but I dont remember what the prices were like.  The club was packed. The music was ok, mainly top 40 music. The crowd was mixed.  The ground was slippery with sweat. While I was dancing the security stopped me and told me "no grinding allowed"...trust me when I tell u that I was NOT doing anything extreme, IDK what his deal was??!?! Also, some guy was dropping money from the top level, so I got about $20 in singles :)
1	Why is this places even considered a club? The DJ's are subpar and there isn't even room to dance.If you want drinks spilled on you all night, to be stepped on and pushed around, and groped all night (if you are a girl)... then go here.If not, save your time and go somewhere like Ghost bar.
4	With 229 reviews what more can someone say about this place that hasn't been said before...OHHHHH yeah, I partied with MIKE Muther F'ing Tyson. Real partied, like was his personal scout for the night.No, I still haven't seen The Hangover but I'm sure it was better than that. Yeah we had to buy a bottle of Belvy but it was worth it. Shoot, the 3 waiteresses that came with the bottle made it worth it. All in all one of the best nights I had in Vegas. Also if you wanna hear a scam that doesn't include those stupid little VIP cards to get to the front of the line(guys you know what I'm talking about) hit me up.
3	sorry i am not as cool as SEVE M. i didnt party with someone famous at LAX so im not cool. SEVE M likes to throw names out there so people accept him....really sad.  LAX really is okay...needs to be bigger..we had VIP so that was chill...overall rather would go to tao.
1	Went there for the first time this past weekend and got bottle service for me and my 5 friends.  Normally when you pay a lot for bottle service, the club treats you pretty well.  But the staff at LAX were complete jerks.  Our table was in a roped off area and the bouncer guarding the area gave us a lot of trouble when we tried to bring girls we met back to our table.  I will never go back to that club again.
2	NIce Looking Place...decent bouncers they let us in ahead of the crowd...just a benefit of being a girl I guess...but if you are a guy you can jump in the fast line if you go buy two drinks at the watering hole right next door...that what the guys in our party did. Inside was way too HOT and not in a good way, it was a sausage fest with par dinks and no air conditioner...and most of the females here were a little...meh...Not my favorite spot but I imagine that it could be great if they turned on the damn air conditioner...and mopped up the drinks the drunken females were pouring all around my feet a little faster...it would be ok...I really just wanted to leave about 20 minutes into being there. Check it out go early talk to a promoter and get free entrance check it out, if it isnt for you leave if it is then great...it just depends. I have heard on some nights that they throw dollar bills on the crowd i dunno for sure but that is what I have heard.
4	The club music, drinks and atmosphere were great.The bathrooms were small and crowded. Dance floor was extremely small and over-crowded  but the people all around were very pleasant.We really enjoyed the club overall.
3	We went in and had a good time here but anyone else can say the contrary. The bouncers werent that pushy since we had the vip and made everything transition smoothly.The dance floor was packed but a good type of packed. We got invited to the second floor to a table and just danced it up there. The dj spinned some good tunes and as usual when it got later into morning it got weaker but it still held up but we left soon after. Good to go if you got some kind of vip but imo not worth the wait
2	I wonder what happened here...I guess when the name changes then all else goes 180See, I remembered when this place was called Rah and things were still "right" as in everybody said "excuse me" if they accidentally bump to you (not intentional like what most douchebags think is the way to pick up women...geez, I thought we were in a club not the gorilla chamber at the zoo) and the smell of rotten banana daiquiri didn't go under your nose from 4 feet across of where he's standing & yelling out to dance with himDrink plenty of vodka, gin, rum, whatever to make sure you forget that you danced with Rico "Suave" who had 2 left feet & a sport jacket doused with aramis cologne
3	I'm not sure why people are freaking out about the drink prices.  Every club I've been to charges at least $11 for a mixed drink.  I'm pretty sure I paid around $12 for a tequila sunrise here.  I expected that, but thankfully I'm a one shot/drink wonder.  You can all be jealous over how much money I save, but you don't realize how lame this sad, sad trait of mine can be...What was really funny was that when we were in line to get in to Pure the night after LAX, I heard a few songs, and I was like, "Wow, isn't that what we heard last night?"  When we finally walked in, guess who was DJing.... the same damn DJ from LAX playing the SAME DAMN MUSIC in the SAME ORDER!!  How lazy are DJs these days?  This fool acted like he was mixing, but really he was just playing a damn iTunes playlist off his MacBook.  Okay, enough with my complaining.  The one good thing was that my girlfriends and I really did have fun dancing here.  The dance floor is pretty small, but we got there early enough to save ourselves a little spot.  We would have fun dancing anywhere, though!  Just come to LAX with people you enjoy and you'll love it here!!
4	If you can get on the guestlist and not have to wait in line, do it! This club was beautiful and had great music. The dance floor was crowded but in a good way. There are definitely a lot of interesting characters here and watching them is half the fun. Overall, a fun night if you don't mind spending some money and waiting in line for a bit.
3	My third trip to vegas, and I wanted to check out a new club, other than tao or pure...xs lines were way too ridiculous and i had drunkenly "befriended" one of the managers the night before (thurs?) armed with his business card, our entire party (3 guys and 3 girls) skipped the line and cover ! Once we were in, I was pretty disappointed. The set up is a little confusing and the darkness makes it impossible to see the surroundings, very very dangerous when intoxicated and in heels. They had a guest performer that night..........but either he sucked majorly, or...hmm, he just sucked majorly. After about 20 mins at the bar during his performance, we left the club. Just a note...they're pretty strict on dresscode. One of our friends couldn't get in because he was wearing sneakers........Definitely wasn't what I expected, in terms of decoration and space, however, the bouncers were relatively friendly and nice, and we didn't have an awful night.
4	I'm giving them 4 stars for a 4 star treatment to me and my girls! They definitely hook up the girls with vip if they dont see you walking around with guys.We got in right away, as in 5 minutes after the club started letting people in! haha! Thanks to the handy vip wristbands that one of the promoters gave me and my cousins.  We also received free well drinks til midnight! oh yeahhhh!! But as we went inside, since we were the first ones, there wasn't a lot of people to really dance with.  It seemed like everybody was scared of the dance floor so we had to get the party started! One of the security was nice enough to offer to take pictures of us with our cameras! They really do love girls here! So later on, we got tired of the music and decided to leave. However, the bouncer, instead of having us walk out, he directed us to the VIP lounge downstairs.  It was very classy! However, we couldnt   afford to get any drinks as they started from $500. i love vegas!
4	This is a really big, beautiful venue in vegas.  During my visit, I have never seen such a big dance floor and so many beautiful women!  Now I'm from the bay, and this club beats anything from there that tries to compare itself to it!  This was one of the best clubs I've been to until I went to xs.  But you have to read my review on that later on.
3	Got in for free since I stayed at the Luxor. This place was packed. The dance floor set up is not in the best location of the club. You have all the VIP areas around the dance floor so everyone feels squished. The dance floor is also the walkway so expect people to keep walking through you or past you at all times. The music was a blend of top 40 to hip hop. I didn't get to try the drinks, since the bar was so crowded. Oh yeah, be careful with the steps when you enter and exit the dance floor. It's really dark so try to watch your step.
3	Nice club but I think its had its time.  When we went the other night it seemed like we were ready to go after 5 minutes.  Not bad but def not great.  I will say nice door staff.
3	LAX is a beautiful nightclub filled with beautiful people.  The whole nightclub is done in dark gothic red tones which I think is a great choice for any place it just sets the right mood. The music is great, the dance floor is not too big and it is standing room only unless you opt for table and bottle service which can be pricey. Almost every week there is a different celebrity hosting the night, very much frequented by Paris Hilton when she is in town. I am thinking about going to the NYE Party hosted by The Black Eyed Peas so check this club out if you get the chance, also try to get into Noir which is the reservations only lounge connected to LAX. It is hard to get into without knowing someone even if you do make reservations, but if you can get it in it is very nice.
1	Good thing DJ AM isn't around anymore, cuz I'd slap him for founding this club if he was.This club is where losers in their early 30's go to try to remember what it felt like to be care-free in 1999.
2	I contacted a Promoter and was able to get in free for me and my dude... i was happy that he didnt have to pay kuz normally guys pay a discounted price even tho u on the list. so He got in free, thank goodness! then he walked us up to the front of the line. He gave me a VIP bracelet(only me, not my dude) and i was able to get free drinks till midnite. That was real kool kuz we got inside a lil before 11pm, so i had an hour to get me and my dude free drinks. I would jus go to a different bar to get a drink for him. u know i gotta work tha damn system!Anywho, music was aiight. It was mixed. but the hip hop and r&b they played was pretty wack to me. The dancefloor was an ok size but it was sooo damn crowded. Since we got in early, we were able to find a good spot to stand. There is no where to F'n sit! URGGHHH!!!! Bathroom was clean but it was dark as hell in there! The crowd was really mixed, but for some reason i saw the most indians(not the cherokee type, but the Kumar type).... I never been to a place and seen that many... i mean i have nuthn against them, im jus sayin! never been in a room fulla them!overall, it was WACK! thank goodness we didnt spend $h!t at this spot!!!
4	you must check this club out at least once.its a good club the only bad thing its just too crowded.we had bottle service but looking at the actual dancefloor, it seemed too overcrowded.music is great, drinks well we got bottle service, which i may add you should definitely get that if you want some space here.overall, its good.
3	First off, if you ever want to go to a club in Vegas, NEVER I repeat, NEVER pay! Everyday I received so many VIP tickets for so many clubs on the strip so I definitely could pick and choose where I wanted to go. I don't know if men get this special treatment also, maybe they only hand them out to the ladies. So ladies I'm telling you, don't pay to go to any club in Vegas! Now the club was cool, the DJ was also pretty good. Nothing like my Atlanta DJ's but hey I wasn't expecting that. The crowd is very mixed which is a plus. It does get very over crowded inside and the drinks are watered down and over priced. I think I payed $12 or $13 for a watered down long island. Long islands are supposed to get you a little tipsy, I felt NOTHING!!! My mom's drink was watered down also (can't remember what she got).If I ever stay in the Luxor again I would go to this club again but I won't spend a dime on anything. I'll wait for some dumb guy to buy me a drink. Hahaha opps did I say that? Sorry!
3	Pros:- There's places you can sit for FREE. Which means you dont' have to have table service to be able to sit down and let your feet rest!- I felt like you can always get into this club for freeCons:- Dance floor is whack. WTF is up with this whole let's make it super long but hella narrow. I don't get it- I tripped down the stairs. But I was drunk HAHA- The line wasn't organized. Seriously.
2	I've made it a general rule of lifestyle to stay out of nightclubs unless I'm traveling.  Usually, this means internationally, but planet Las Vegas comes close to a foreign place and so I decided that we ABSOLUTELY HAD to go to a club.  My boyfriend (who is older and knows better) protested, but what does that matter anyway, I had a new dress, new shoes, and the good faith recommendation of none other than Paris Hilton (hey she knows, riiiight...)  We also had a voucher for one free admission, this ended boyfriends protests, but when we arrived we were told it was a "special event" so they wouldn't honor it.  The special event turned out to be a DJ playing top 40's hits, so whatever, I guess everyone is special in Vegas though, riiight.  You know how it goes, there were $8 "cheap" beers, and no place to sit if you hadn't reserved your own booth for 5 million dollars.  I kept getting shooed away from leaning against these booths by the private security guards that occupy each one, pushing the dancing crowd back with the roped off entrances to these many booths, making the already crowded dance floor smaller and smaller.  At one point I attempted to relieve my aching feet by taking my shoes off in the corner while I finished a drink, but was then asked by another security guard to put them back on (the girls on stage had no shoes!)  No sympathy from that guy though.  This could all be anticipated, but wouldn't have rubbed me such the wrong way if the club had been 1) bigger, and 2) cooler, better decorated, or more unique.  It really was just another club, without enough room to dance, and too many security guards reminding you that even though you paid $50 (20 for me, 30 for boyfriend) to get in, that's not enough to truly exist in their eyes.  Also, very smokey and people dancing with lit cigarettes on the tiny dance floor put my new dress in jeopardy (and to a lesser degree my bodily parts), which will not stand.
3	Two weeks ago I was hopping around Vegas, and made it to the Luxor where LAX nightclub is located.  I just wanted to get somewhere and dance, and the hotel staff said this would be the place to go in the Luxor.  One great thing, especially in Vegas is getting free passes to get in with your first drink for free, so my friends and I jumped at the chance to check the club out. Big space with an upstairs, but spent all my time downstairs because of the dancing. Music they played was hip-hop/top 40 and I loved it. I was shaking it all night long!   Or for the 2-3 hours we were there :)Downside was the price of the drinks, yowzers! Well maybe I should not have bought the liquor but I wasn't in the mood for beers... I guess it wasn't too bad compared to other bars in Vegas, but still tab ran high! The only thing I wished I would have done is wore flip flops instead of my heels :)  When you dance up a storm you gotta be prepared!  Not too bad of a place, might need to check out again... That means another trip to VEGAS!!
4	My friends and I got table service here through a hookup from one of my brother's friends on the night after our fiasco at another club. Gotta give props to our server Liberty...she took great care of us and was cool to talk to. When one of my buddies reached his alcohol threshold (thanks to a lethal shot of Don Julio) and needed my assistance to get out of the club, LAX's bouncers opened up a side door for us so that we wouldn't have to walk up that gigantic staircase (if you've been here before, you know what I mean) to leave. It was a little scary when their bouncers outside started asking my drunk homie a whole bunch of questions, but it was mainly to make sure that he was over 21 and didn't have alcohol poisoning...at least I think that's why they did that. They were cool about it though, so it was all good.The interior of the club was nothing special. As a few other reviewers have noted, that dance floor is tiny, narrow, and packed. Being on that dance floor was like being stuck in a can with very sexy sardines. Now that I think about it, not everyone on that dance floor was sexy, because I did see a few folks who reminded me of puffer fish...but I digress. The staircase is kind of a nice touch, but as some of you have probably learned from experience, drunk folks and staircases aren't exactly a good mix. I would probably give LAX 3.5 stars, but we had a really good time here, so I'll bump it up to 4. It helped make up for the negative experience we had at that other place.
1	Whack!!!  That's sums this place up in a big nutt shell.  They hold people up for now reason here... if you been to Club RA... its the same club... I rather shoot myself in the balls than waste my time waiting in line for this place.
2	i would give this place one star but i have to give up that other star because my girlfriends and i got in for free and got to skip the line. when i went, the place was PACKED and it was difficult to get service at the bar. the boys at the bar are hot, but probably gay. drinks are $$$ but hey it's vegas. this ginormous girl gettin down in some sharp stilettos stepped on my foot and caused the most pain i've ever felt. at least i got a free souvi to remember the night...nothing screams a good time like broken blood vessels and a huge scab. woo hoo!  the music was ok but nothing stands out about this club. unless you get in free and don't have to wait in line, skip it.  another plus, i got to party next to samantha ronson. but on the downside, lindsanity lohan wasn't with her...who doesn't want to party with a hot mess like her!?
3	I went to LAX last Saturday 3/6/10 and I had a fairly pleasant experience. First off I need to say Luxor is one of the least *fancy* hotels in Vegas, and it's almost always the cheapest on the strip, so I wasn't expecting 5 star service/luxury. Me and my group of 4 girls went right when it was opening at about 10:30 because we knew it would be crowded (celebrity performance that night). I had put my name on the guest list online, so I asked and go in to the guest list "mob" I'd say this was the most unpleasant part of the night. I worked my way up to the front, being pushed and shoved. I don't understand why they don't have a formal line like they do for the "regular line". Would have taken 2 seconds to set up some ropes. Finally got to the bouncer and I told him I'm on the list and I have 4 girls, so he looked me up and we waited a minute or two (while they let in some better looking girls ahha) then ID's were checked, and we went to the pay area. I showed some random VIP cards and my room keys, and they let us in free. (my guess is you would get in free if you are a hot chick also). I'd also say pretty much forget going unless you have a LOT of girls in your group, they don't want guys at all. We went straight to the bathroom which was fine, then went to dance, it wasn't very full at this point. The dance floor is tiny. The pictures do it no justice, it's very little and narrow. I went to stand near the barricade so I could be close to the performance when it started. The security was pretty anal. I had a water and the guy got mad at me, but said just put it away... (I don't drink).  But understandable. After a few hours, spilled drinks were causing people to slip and fall on the floor, security would just pick up the barricades.. not clean up the mess... which was annoying, but not too bad. After the performance at about 1 am the dance floor was SO FULL you couldn't barely move, so we decided to leave. It wasn't fun anymore at that point. Looks like table service would be nice here! Sound is fantastic, the music was strange, they were spinning like early 2000's hip hop.. haha. Hit Em Up Style? it's 2010 ahha.  The artist I like was spinning after he performed but like I said it was so uncomfortable we left after about 20 minutes. My advice would be go early, leave early, bring TONS of girls if you are a guy, put yourself on the guestlist on facebook or twitter or whatever, and remember it's very small!Overall it was a pretty good experience, I have been to better in Vegas though. Vegas is so huge, I don't think a club this small is necessary.
2	Ill remember this place as being crowded and overrated.
5	The situation..No not the deuche guido wanna be from Jersey Shore, but rather what happens with single girls. we are just like guys...ready to rage and have a crazy sporatic, party til sun comes up kinda Vegas night...I gota room at the Luxor and didnt even realize The club was in here til after I checked in.Sweet!the girls come to my room and after downing half a bottle of liqour between two girls, we are ready to go. the girls got some wristbands from promoters that got us in for free and some free drank to.i didnt think nethin of it til we approached the redic line.man those babies paid off. Sorry lame-0s waiting in the redic line, we didnt have to! we cut everyone and went strait up ..had a few haters hatin but thats cuz some girls dont know how to hustle in vegas.maybe in this recession u are a baller type girl who gladly pays to get into clubs but not me!!! the club is cool, good music, yes packed but manageable. the vibes were good here, would def return...
3	Here's the deal. I don't think that I would ever, in a billion gazillion years give a club 5 stars. Hell, I don't even really find clubs to be A-OK (per the 3 stars) but feck it. I'm in Vegas. I'm gonna go clubbin. Here's the dealio: Rolled up with my P.I.D.* around midnight. Got to bypass the line and skipped the cover (thank you boobies). Ordered our first round of drinks. Two shots and two beers. FORTY SMACKERS! For that kind of scratch, they should be big gulped size. But I understand that I'm just a cheap skate in uber expensive- ville. blah! Music was top 40s with some old school shit tossed in to mix it up. I mean, I heard the Loonies "I got 5 on it" Holla! The service was pretty good at the upstairs bar. Downstairs, not so much. By the end of the evening, my P.I.D. and I made it to VIP, smoked like a pack of cigs each (I get a bit carried away when I can smoke indoors), had 3 too many shots a piece, and shook our money makers till it hurt. Bottle Service FTW! *partner in debauchery
2	small place, nothing really special about the decor.  Perhaps I had too much expectation for this place, i was not impressed.  In fact, a little disappointed about the atmosphere.  Overall just an average club, packed with people nevertheless.
4	i tried it again since then, wait, like twice and since then, i can't hate on the tunes that were playing. 2nd worked up to three stars and 3rd time charm gave em a 4 stars, and its just a commercial club ya'll. regardless of where you are, have some fun and get down :)
2	Got there around 11:30pm and there was a huge line.  I was surprised it was so packed.  My friend greased the bouncer and our group walked past the line and straight in.  The club itself is nice but it's small.  I didn't even attempt to go downstairs to the dancefloor because it just looked so packed.  The music was really good (top-40 and hip hop).
4	do NOT buy those tickets that people sell on the streets, especially if you are a grown ass woman! you can get in for free and get unlimited champagne until 12 pm! guys well im not sure. they play pretty old music (like 1998+) with contemporary every now and then. ie play DMX - party it up and then play lady gaga - bad romance. i didnt mind it because i grew up with all the music so i had a good time. the club totally reminded me of Club 9 in Hong Kong. the dance floor is rectangular and is pretty small when its crowded. the crowd is usually older (30+) but maybe because we went on a Wednesday night. as always be careful of those creepers.
2	place was drycouple round of $$ drinks, enjoy your company, leave gamble try another club, give lax another chance bc you forgot how packed/small/boring it was... leave again, walk around luxor / mandalay, get hungry go to china townand there goes your wednesdayi like doing more detailed reviews but i dont feel its worth it. (and there are a lot already) go with a great group or on a good night and maybe a star or 2 different for you!
3	Ive been here twice. The first time was fun and second time I was only there for 30 minutes. I dont like that it gets too crowded, specially for a place that small. Other clubs in Vegas get crowded as well but at least you can move in and out of the dance floor. In LAX you have to push people out your way to get through. Ive met some friendly people from different places of the US and Europe. Overall the 1st was a lot of fun, good music and good atmosphere. The 2nd time like i said was only there for 30 minutes, we only went in bc my brother wanted to check it out from the inside. We ordered a drink, once we were done with it we left.If you havent been there check it out and see if you like it.
3	LAX was ok. We walked in the Luxor heading to another club but were convinced by a promoter with promises of front of line access, no cover and free drinks. After we made it to the club we ended up waiting in line with a gaggle of other girls promised the same thing. After about 20 minutes in line we get in and are immedietly asked if we'd like some drinks. After obviously obliging were ushered into a small room with 10 other random men and women. It was Steves bachelor party and he wanted more girls in there. The giant bottle of grey goose came. We filled our glasses a few times while dodging corny pick up lines. Overall it was ok because we did get free drinks but was it just right time right place? Also, if you didnt get this luxury there is absolutly no where to sit. Attempt to get free drinks and dance to the top 40 hits but would recommend somewhere else.
4	I don't know why there's so much hate for this club (only 2.5 stars?!), but I thought it was great.  It had all the things I look for in a good club:- No hassle entry- Diverse crowd- Big dance floor that stays packed, even until 3am- Spinning mainly hip hop with club classics thrown in (Daft Punk's "One More Time" anyone?) and select top 40 (can't go to a club without hearing Lady Gaga, my favorite!)The only negative I could think of was that it was waaaaay too bright in here. I could see what everyone looked like.  Now, I'm not looking to hook up with anyone in a club since I'm married, but for those that are, this club will help you not pick an uggo because you'll be able to see exactly what that supposedly "hot" girl/guy looks like.
2	I guess I can begin to describe what I was fond of in this club... I got in for free and GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS! lolNow on to what I didnt like... the ratio of guys to girls could have easily added up to 10:1 lol. The music was decent up to a certain time... then it just seemed as if it was on repeat. I ended up leaving early because 1. it was too packed to dance and 2. I left with a cutie LMAO ;-)
2	I'd read a lot about LAX prior to my first trip to Vegas, so I wanted to check it out at least one night. I showed up on a Wed. night and was on a promoter's guestlist, so I was told my gf and I would get free admission. To be honest, I wasn't really expecting to get in for free, but I figured I'd try anyway.Arrival:We went on a Wed night, close to 10 pm, but the bouncer at the door told us to come back in about 30 mins. Stupidly, we left and went to play some table games. When we returned, there was a mob of people waiting on line.As with most clubs, there were multiple lines, and it's important to know the distinctions between them:- all girls line: self explanatory. If you're with a group of girls, show up here and get in (for free I believe).- bottle service line: again, a very fast moving line. Just show up here (all the way on the right) and tell them you want a bottle, and go right in.- general admission: the longest line, but it at least moved. if you want to pay full price, then get on here and get inside in about 10-20 mins- guestlist line: if you sign up to be on a promoter's guestlist, you get put on this line. the line wasn't particularly long, but it barely moved at all. (This even though our promoter showed up at the front of the line and we talked with him, and he asked the bouncers to let us in sooner).Anyway, we waited on line for close to an hour before we finally got in - thankfully at no charge for either of us.Inside: you walk downstairs into the main area, basically a narrow dance floor with a bar on the outer edge. There was also a cash only bar by the bathrooms that had no line, so we got beers there instead.  $8 miller lights (didn't ask about mixed drinks, but I'm assuming they were in the $15 range). The dance floor was packed, but we found a little niche in the middle that we set up shop in. There was a huge screen inside that showed random upcoming events and celebrities.  The outer edge of the dance floor was surrounded by the table area, as well as another area farther up. We didn't really venture too far though.Music / crowdDecent music, as good as you'd expect at any club. Nothing really stood out, though. As far as the crowd, again it looked no different than any club in NYC.Summary:LAX was decent, but it didn't stand out in any way. I've been to lounges back home (like Lana in Hoboken) that were almost identical, but without the need to wait an hour on line. If you can get comped admission (either by getting on a guestlist or by being a hotel guest), then it might be worth checking out early in the evening.  However, there are much better nightlife options in LV.
2	I stayed at the Luxor, so entry was free for me to LAX. I was super anxious to check out this supposed celeb hot spot. You will most likely be disappointed. The club is really neat looking, but it was such awful music and the crowd was unattractive and annoying. The line gets long so if you are just dying to check it out, go on the early side. If you decide to skip it, you didn't miss anything.
4	Went last Wednesday night.  My wife and I stayed at the Luxor and we recieved VIP access, which meant no line and no cover.  Big whoop.  Anyways, my wife and I passed by the club around 9:15 and were told it opened at 10:30.  We went to play some tables, then to change and were back down to the club just in time to see a pretty long line (maybe 50) of guys.  Maybe a female or 2 in line, but thats it.  There was a few people standing around in the front trying to get the door men to let them in as well as the door guy with the guest list.  My wife and I walked right up to the guy with the list and I had told him that we were part of the VIP and he asked to see our room key.  (note, we booked with actual VIP service for LAX, and not just being a guest at the hotel)  Anyways, once I showed the guy our room key, he kinda looked the other way and forgot about us for a few mins.  We waited patiently until I saw that guy let in a pack of aussies about 10-12 deep.  After that, I asked the guy if he was blowing us off, and thats when he finally let us in.  (Had he not, I was gonna give him the "door man" speech from "Knocked Up"..lol)  Once in, the place was cool.  Nice club.  Up the stairs and down the stairs right onto the dance floor.  It only took a min for the wife and I to get drinks.  Bathrooms were cool.  My wife loves to dance so she we did for a while until we needed another drink.  The dj was spinning all the dope hip-hop, even with some older 90's hits that were a lot of fun.  Overall, this is one of my fav clubs in vegas.  more so than Pure on this particular trip.
3	A couple friends got our group free admission passes to LAX.  We had one more guy than girls so we planned on getting there a little early just in case...  We got there around 9:30 or so and waited around at Flight until the club opened.  The decor was pretty nice and we got drinks pretty quickly.  We disappeared to Noir Bar for a little bit and when we went back to LAX, there were a good amount of people there.  They played a good mix of Top 40 and hip hop... Even some Bay Area music.  Overall, we had a great night of dancing and, thanks to Noir Bar, some strong delicious drinks.
5	Maybe had a blast because I did bottle service and had a VIP table with my group of girls. Our server was cute and on top of it, he was good in making sure we had enough of everything. The bouncers were great too. I didn't have to wait in line and it was easy to get in. It was $30 for 5 girls since my friend knew someone there. I just didn't understand how the bouncers guarding the VIP areas choose which girls to allow into the other VIP areas.
5	I don't know what the fuss isn't about but I had an awesome time here. Saturday night booked a room and got free admission into the club too. Waited only 10 minutes. Fast bartending service and packed floor. Prices reasonable. Dj was awesome. Gothicky themed club was sexy! Danced got drunk and went up to the cool pyramid room. Will come back again!
4	Poppin'!!! (And uh...I don't even say poppin'...)Diverse mixed crowd, good music, and plenty of room to roam around and dance where ever. I like how you can go upstairs and look over the crowd to take a breather from it all. *Add to your list for a good club on a Wednesday night
3	went this past friday (6/11) w/some girlfriends for a bachelorette party in VIP...have to say getting in was very easy (obviously the $500 we dropped for bottle service helped).  the crowd was very diverse, music was hmmm OK i guess...i mean it was a mix of hip-hop w/club techno...which i'm not into at all. but hey, if your into that...you'll love this place.i can't really say anything bad about the place....partying with my girls is great anytime, and its typical vegas lots of people, drinks, and random craziness.....reason why 3/5 stars?? -1 star for my dislike of techno and -1 star for the yucky guys who kept trying to sneak into our VIP area....so i ended up tipping the security guy $20 so he could "actively" keep an eye on these idiots who claimed they were from a "bachelorette party planning service" yea ok buddy *wink*
5	One of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas!First time I was here, I saw Usher!! It was super crowded but we stayed close to the VIP area so I can stare at Usher all night long lol. AND we definitely stayed at the right spot b/c money started flying down from the ceiling. I got myself $17, yeeEaaaHhhh! Too bad they were all $1 bills or I would've made banks!Second time I was here, we got VIP treatment for sure!  The promoter walked up to our group and ushered us in. We got FREE table AND a FREE bottle, all we had to pay was gratuity which was $80 but come on now, a table and bottle at Vegas nightclub for $80? We didn't mind at all, that's only $10/girl...SCORE!One last thing, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the music here :)
3	As much as I want to love LAX, as it is my usual nightclub of choice, I have a hard time bumping it up higher than 3 stars. Then again its hard to bump any nightclub in Vegas up higher than 3 stars when you can barely move or dance in any of them unless you are in the VIP areas.I have been to LAX a number of times since it opened, including the night it opened because it was on my birthday. Maybe that is why I still go? I feel I been with them from the start? Or it could just be because I know a doorman and a VIP Host and I don't have to wait in any lines when I go. However, I am not a fan of Pure Management as I feel they have some of the worst door guys and managers. These guys just happen to be an exception.I used to know a few security guards there but most have moved on. It was always nice to go and see familiar faces, but now they are just mean faces.The dance floor at LAX was small on opening night but gradually got smaller as time went on. Its really hard to dance when you can't move. It's more like swaying back and forth and side to side than dancing. They gave more and more room to the VIP areas and then cram everyone else in. Constantly bumping into other people and having drinks spilled on you. Drinks are outrageously expensive and I don't like the fact that if I want to go dance I have to be worried that my drink will get knocked out of my hand. That's a quick $12 on the ground.Positives:-Love the decor and atmosphere of this place. The colors and lighting are great and the furniture in VIP is really nice as well. They have 3 bars that while they can sometimes be tough to get to, they are actually easier than some other places.-NOIR BAR: a smaller, exclusive lounge tucked away inside LAX with elevator access guarded by security or a back door entrance on the Mandalay Place valet side of Luxor. A must see if you can get in. I prefer to hang out here if LAX is too crazy.-The DJ's at LAX are usually really good. No complaints there for the most part.-Special performances: They have live music performances every once in a while here and they are really fun. Saw N*E*R*D here and it was incredible. Crowd surfing and moshing at a nightclub was insane.-Beautiful cocktail servers: always a plus.Anyways... a solid 3 stars which is pretty good aparently for a nightclub here.
4	The place was packed, packed and packed! But then again what other clubs in Vegas are not packed?  We got the VIP service so getting in was a breeze and they separated us from the normal crowd with a waiting line rope which was kind of nice. It was actually a bit funny watching everyone cramped into the other side and yet our side was so roomy. Some guys in our next VIP table was throwing stashes and stashes of dollar bills out to the dance floor as their means to get attention. Didn't think it worked though because they left with the same bunch of people they came with.  Music was good and everyone was wild. The bouncers are on the ball. Didn't spot any celebs but I would definitely go back again.
3	I had a great time at LAX.  However, if I didn't have bottle service, I can guarantee that I would have had an awful time.Pros:  -Bangin' Music.  Not only did the DJ spin some bangin Hip-Hop, House/Electro, and Mashups, but...-Busta Rhymes Performed and we had a table on the balcony overlooking the stage.  Having Busta Rhymes give you a shout out while you're making it rain actual A-Rab money off the balcony while he's performing the song A-Rab money is just EPIC.-Service was Top-Notch.  We had our own bouncer and not only did he keep strangers out of our area while Busta was doing his thing, he was sending all the hottest girls over to us.Cons:-Small Dancefloor.  There just wasn't ANY kind of room down there.  You can't even stand still let alone dance because people are constantly bumping into you and stepping all over your shoes, crushing your toes.  If I didn't have a big VIP area and had to stay down on the dancefloor, I would have had a terrible night.-Big Girls.  I'm going to apologize ahead of time if this offends anyone, but there was an abundance of BBWs there.  I don't know if there was a Hagen-Dazs giveaway that night or what, but the girls that night looked like they were eatin' good.  Luckily, we were in the VIP where all the hot girls were, but the dancefloor was the biggest congregation of fat chicks I've ever seen in my life.  Maybe there was a buffet down there that I didn't see...Anyway, unless there is a celebrity there that you really want to see, I say skip LAX because there are so many awesome clubs in LV.  If it were here in SD, it would probably be my favorite club.  Unfortunately it's in Vegas where the bar is set a lot higher for high-end clubs.
3	LAX was...okay. My family and I stayed at the Luxor and my sister and I made a last minute decision to check the club out due to finding a coupon for no cover charge for the 2nd person in a coupon booklet. We pretty much decked ourselves out to the nines. Once we approached the club, there was no line, it might've been because it was past 1 am. The bouncers checked our IDs, and automatically stamped us and then I presented the coupon and the guy told me not to worry and to just take the coupon as a souvenir...letting us in free! We got in the club and the music was booming, the atmosphere was wild in a good way. Then we had these creeps tugging on our arms and yanking us their way, so we danced with them for a bit but attempted an escape then later ended bumping into them about 3 more times. It is a very spacious club, yet very compacted with the abundance of people. There was very little space to even walk around. I was sober and kept getting bumped into, other than those minor issues, I probably would've had more fun.
4	Giving it 4 stars because the floor is a bit awkward since it's only a simple rectangle, gets pretty jammed. The place is nice though. Industry Weds is pretty popular.We (guy & girl) got in free w/ the "vip" club cards on Weds. Other days were popular too, but cover might be different, I forgot. Theres actually some easy ways to get in cheaper. Tipping the bouncer worked once for me and 2 other guys. Another method was workin w/ some random promoter lady. Look around
3	Meh.  2.5 stars.  I'll up it since I got in free.  The free passes here are easier to get than escort advertisement cards on the strip.  You are a sucker if you pay to get in here.  Walk up to the front desk and ask, I'm sure they will give you a passAs I begin to write this review, I'm suddenly having terrible flashbacks of a Vegas trip during college.  My mind is suddenly filled with visions of cheap tequila and beer and of the pantiless chola that seemed to take an interest in me.  I wish Leonard DiCaprio and his crew could perform inception on me, perhaps screw around with my subconscious so I don't have flashbacks that make me shudder when I close my eyes.I'll press through.This place isn't bad.  The DJ wasn't half bad, the interior was sorta interesting, i liked the lighting and there were plenty of bars. Plenty of couches all over the place. I liked the balcony. The main dance floor was small and awkward however. Worst thing about it was the place was PACKED.   Line took about 20 minutes to get through but it was painless enough.I've been to worse clubs and I've been to much better.  But hey, if you get in free and don't spend $$$ on booze you can have a perfectly OK time here. Just avoid the cholas
3	Good for a big party! The place is pretty small- but very nice inside! Good atmosphere! I got to go into their VIP area- it was kind of boring that night! Bar tenders were jerks! I would recommend this place with a big group - I went with one other friend and we got bored after a while. But I would totally go again with a bigger group!
2	Me: "I'm on the VIP list".Meat head bouncer: "Yes you are but so are the 80 people behind you".10 hot chicks, behind me, are pulled to the front of the line and enter. I think to myself, "they must be hookers". I start to wonder if my group of four dudes, with no chicks, has a dying chance of getting into the club. I'm glad this isn't Tao (I would have no chance). 45 minutes pass and I'm in...Into a second line. S.O.B, all my pre-drinking has gone to shit. 10 minutes pass and I'm in. I head straight to the bar, take four shots of patron and start the night. 20 minutes later my dancing get interrupted by lame ass rapper Eve... OH GOD SHOOT ME! The club suddenly becomes a concert with everyone standing still. UGhh!Mental note: Never return to LAX.
2	What a bummer! Now, I did spend New Year's Eve here with the Black Eyed Peas so I knew it was going to be crowded - but it was PACKED. The fire marshall would've died. We were the first ones in and staked out a fantastic spot on the balcony. It got so crowded they closed off the steps, and people were pushing and shoving so hard that I was afraid I was going to fall over the railing. They allowed people to smoke which was stupid, especially with such a huge crowd. I was purposely burnt by some girl trying to get my "spot." After a 40-year-old man felt me up and the club security standing next to me did nothing, I lost it. It was about 12:30, I saw the BEP lip-sync three songs, I was done. I got out just before I had a major panic attack. When we did get outside, they had stopped the line of people from entering, which sucks. They basically spent $125 to be there for NYE, only to be left outside because it was oversold. If that was me I woulda been pissed (and trust me, they were!). The bottle service areas were really nice, especially the ones across from the balcony which we got in. If it's a possibility, I recommend bottle service here - you're guaranteed a MUCH better time, since you won't get crushed.The club itself is gorgeous, and I was happy I had about 30 minutes in there with just my two girlfriends to explore it by ourselves. I would never pay to get in here, but as a girl I don't think that'll ever be an issue. To me, experiencing Vegas on NYE the year I turned 21 was a great time, and worth what I paid, but I don't think I'd come back to this club unless I'd seen everywhere else first or purchased bottle service. It was impossible to get a drink, and the wayyyyy dangerous over-capacity and carelessness of the security were all huge turnoffs. The only reason we paid was because it was a special ticketed event. Otherwise, I agree - if you pay to get in places in Vegas, especially if you're a girl, you're either dumb or, as Mariangeles put it, can't hustle! Getting in free is easier than getting hit on by drunk guys! Every other night except NYE (and even the Cathouse on NYE & every other night) we got in everywhere for free. I guess it does help to be a girl...but still!
1	One of the weakest clubs I've been to in Vegas.  I got in for free which was cool (thank god).  No one should ever pay to get into this nightclub, it's just that weak..  I heard from different sources that it would be hard to get in and that it was very exclusive.. Maybe I was told wrong?Anyway, don't even waste your time here.  Go elsewhere if you want to experience the great nightlife in Vegas.
3	I used to love Ra because I've always stayed at Luxor and it was so easy to go in and out of the club. LAX was okay. Bottle service was actually cheaper than paying for our own drinks, so at least we had a little table. Getting in was a little ridiculous with the 3 different lines, girls pushing, etc. Since we didn't pay to get in here, it was an okay club.
2	i was expecting a lot from this club, especially since we had to wait to get in for over 30 minutes!...Its sooo beautiful inside! they have lounging areas along the walls, 2 floors, and a stage...but i wasnt too crazy bout the music though... i dnt like it when they playing 30 seconds of a bunch of different songs, and dont ever play the whole song....annoys me. Music couldve been better..and it was soo packed in there i barel had any dancing space..the good thing is that it was open bar for ladies befor 12! woop woop
5	Wednesday Night Industry party was slammin'! My husband and I really enjoyed this club.  The venue was sexy, the drinks were fairly priced and the dj was SICK.  We didn't have to wait on the crazy long line and it was free to get in.  There was one bouncer (African American with a bald head) that was a bit of a a-hole, but the other bouncers were awesome and super nice. In comparison to the other clubs, the music was so much more diverse and enjoyable.  It seems the other clubs we went to all played the same tape with the same tired songs. I really like Lady GAGA and Ke$ha, but they needed to mix it up a bit.
4	awesome if you have a table, too crowded if you dont. service is great and the music is good. wicked loud and smokey
4	It is EUROPEAN central station in there. For some reason, europeans think this is THE club to go in Vegas. So ladies, if you like tiny skinny guys with uncircumsized Wieners and pants so tight you can see their butt hair, this is the place to go! The set up though plainly sucks butt. Major butt! Once it gets full there is NO  room to even walk to the bar. Because all the seating is roped off even though the industry is hurting butt since who the hell wants to buy a table and one bottle of booze for $500 if I can buy a fold out table at walmart for $8 and a bottle of grey goose for $15 at discount liquer?! Yeah I get it so that you look like a big shot in vegas right LOLAnyways, its a good ok scale club with europeans and no room to walk or even tinkle. Its fun on industry nights for sure. During the weekend I wouldnt put my highly polished toe in there though.The doormen are nice, good looking for the most part and they are really good in letting in attractive Ladies and well dressed european skinny men :)
2	Its kind of  small for a Vegas Night club. I didnt stay too long and they didnt let us in for free even though we had stayed at the Luxor. Apparently those free tickets had to be used before 11? lamee.The bouncer told me it was 20$ cover, and as soon as I got to the cashier she tells me its 30$? I was like I just talked to the bouncer and he told me 20. But the bouncer was cool and let me and my friend in for the 20. The venue was nice when you walk in, but then it just turns into something boring and unoriginal. Cant rate on the drinks because i left after 10 mins and just gambled the night away.
2	For labor day weekend, we took a girls' trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Luxor Hotel. LAX nightclub was in our hotel and that night there was a notorious DJ scheduled to perform so we figured we'd check it out and hear the music we all love. Unfortunately, that excitement was short lived. We were on a guest list which granted us free admission to the club, however we still did wait in line for a longer time than hoped for. While in line, we started realizing that the standards for the club were pretty low. Some of the people that were getting in the club were dressed for the grocery store rather than a Las Vegas club, and the arguing bunch next to us heated up and a fight nearly broke out but security finally ended that. Even still, we brushed it off and kept our hopes high that maybe it was better once inside. The layout of LAX is impressive with tasteful red leather furnishings and stylish chandeliers. The entrance to the dance floor is grand and you feel like royalty (if royalty wore sexy dresses or hip club wear) as you ascend down the stairs, which are reminiscent to the staircase at the Royal Ball in "Cinderella." The enthusiasm stops at the bottom of the staircase. The floor was over crowded with people and by the time we squirmed over to the bar across the way, frustration started to settle in. In the midst of your lowered spirits, the bartender explains there is no free water and the tiniest bottle of water is $8. Fine. The music was hip-hop but was outdated but was still good music to dance to. We thought maybe the DJ was warming up while everyone waited for the star DJ that was coming. It feels like what made this experience a bad one for us was just the crowd that was patronizing the club that night. We were hoping for a bit more sophistication and class but the people there were just the opposite.The club was appealing and the music was okay... it may just not have been our scene. For people who don't enjoy getting suited and booted for the clubs and aren't picky about the type of people occupying the club, then this may be a more enjoyable experience.
5	Now THIS is a Party!!!!
1	This club sucks!!! I walked in and stayed 5 mins. The doormen are disrespectful!!! They let my girl go right in and tried to make me wait, I guess he was trying to flirt with her. I ended up moving a party of 50 people from LAX to club hopping the strip.
1	They kick you out for flipping off the dance floor in general and then the security kicks you out for their own impersonal projecting their own inadequices.Don't go here they will kick youOut for dancing with fingers towards nobody
4	I don't know why there is so much hate going with this place.  When I came to LAX I was very impressed by the staff.  This was the only club that my group didn't have issues with.  We walked right up and found the manager for the evening.  Gave him our names and we were in.  No BS or anything. It's a large club!  Walk around to find your "spot" and don't move! It was packed when we were there but the music was great, the guys weren't too crazy and we had fun.  I know that when I head back to Vegas, we will for sure be coming here for some clubbin' fun,
3	This club is only worth the effort when you're sitting in bottle service.  We had a decent server and ample room to party without being crowded by the common folk.  On a different trip a promoter got us in for free, but we didn't have a table......that night we left in an hour.  The layout is congested.  They don't draw the best dj's anymore.  Meh.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again - but if you're from Kansas, this might be a good starter club for you.
3	saturday night. this place is very nice but the dance floor is just way too small. had a table so walked right in passed a huge crowd waiting to get in at 11. it took forever to get our table stocked but once it was they came back a few times, being on the balcony was nice as you can walk up the stairs and disappear. if you dont have a table there is absolutely nowhere to sit, be warned. the crowd is... vegas. creepy dudes, never dance, who get floor tables and ask bouncers to send girls their way. ive never understood this.people on the dance floor were friendly, a mix of really everyone, although very few attractive females that night I would say. we had 5 girls and 5 guys, dudes all night would stare and sometimes grab at the girls even with us standing there. and a bunch of bros had a table on the balcony and would make vulgar gestures to girls on the floor, they were soon kicked out. music was good, a few awkward breaks. this place also has no cool lights, dancers, really anything that sets it apart from everywhere else.
4	Call ahead to reserve your spot unless you will pay a cover or stand in line a really long time... I reserved my spot and got right in. I had the best time at LAX.
4	I got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good good nite !!!! i had a ball when i went for my bday here although i didn't like the $30 cover charge if u weren't a regular or knew the bouncer smh
5	I came here on a Thrusday night and I have to say that I love this club.  They played the best music out of all the other clubs and the dance floor was full.  People were dancing, and if you like hip pop and R and B, then you will like this club.  And if you are lucky you will find people handing out  free VIP passes to go in the club, so before you go in, walk around the Casino and find those people who hand out passes.  I enjoyed myself at the LAX everytime I go, so I will be going back to this club next time I am in Vegas again.  =)
4	I think this review is just me being bias because when I went here it was my first time in Vegas and being that Vegas to me is just a big ass fantasy party within itself I didn't have any problems in the club at all...lol. Not to mention that I did not pay to get in being that I was already staying at Luxor. But from what I remember about LAX which was a year and a half ago that I went...(don't ask why I am just writing the review now...lol) But it was a decent enough spot to kick it and dance the night away while seeing a whole lot of good looking females. Very cool top 40 and house music...Don't really remember the cover charge to get in because like I mentioned did not pay to get in but if I had to pay I would say it would have been worth it.
4	Small place...came here on a Saturday night with a group of 20.. Good thing we got bottle service because you definitely need it, especially with a big group like ours.  It was nice to have a spot where we were able to party with our friends and dance the night away.The music was good, they had a mixture of the top 20's hits and they also played old school r&b music too which was great.  I love how the VIP area was set up.  It was individual balconies where you can overlook the dance floor... So you are able to dance in your own balcony, where it is not crowded and you can also people watch.  I really loved the fact that the balcony area was for bottle service/VIP only bc it was not crowded and we had our own bathroom down the hall.  It was a nice set up.  It nice that we can drop $$ on bottles and enjoy the space without it being too crowded or having random people try to crash it.
2	I second the notion that there's no way to experience LAX unless you get bottle service. However all the VIP tables are way too close to each other and this d*****bag at the table next to us, knocked over our drinks. You definitely need beer goggles at this place because the crowd here is beyond ugly. The dance floor is too small and it was too packed to bust a move.
2	Of all of the places I've been in Vegas, this is probably my least favorite.  And that is even in spite of the fact that I was partying in Gavin Rossdale's (Gwen Stefani's husband) box.  The music wasn't as good as it is at a lot of the other clubs, and the people were a bit sketchier than at somewhere like The Bank or XS.  I think it might be a bit cheaper, and I think that's why it attracts the sketchballs.  Overall, I wouldn't recommend it to my friends.  Especially not with all of the other great clubs out there.
1	Horrible music they play 20 seconds of a crappy song and then play 20 seconds of another crappy song...my first time it was lame and since I was staying at the luxor decided to give it another try, but was lame again!
4	Great night club, good music, not an OUTRAGEOUS cover, but get bottle service!
2	Big area, okay music, crowd was okay.. bouncers were blah! you got to show girls love, if you want your business to run smoothly.
1	I have a doozy for you....  Avoid this club and the douchebags that run it like the plague. There is a Fat bald bouncer out front who thinks because he has a clipboard and an earpiece in his ear that he is curing cancer... Hate to tell him, but he's not. I am a drummer and I have played way better places than this clown is the glorified doorman at. I am attaching a copy of a letter I wrote to a promoter who I sponsored a party at this dump with. The names have been changed to protect the innocent. Grab a beverage, light up a stogie, and recline the Lazy Boy... this one is good.*** Warning - Explicit Language***Hello Adam,As you already know and heard from people, I was completely humiliated and made a fool in front of over 200 people at the party we sponsored Saturday night at LAX/Luxor. Upon arrival with three others attending with me I spot Pete G behind the rope by the entrance. I know from past parties I see him, he gets us through the line.  I walk up to Pete and say Hi, and I was immediately berated by a bald Bouncer who in front of everyone screams "No fuckin' way is he coming in with that Jersey on!" He was referring to my $300 Authentic Black Desean Jackson Philly Eagles Jersey. I turned to him and said bro I sponsored this party $3000.00 it cost me. "I Don't Give A Fuck" he says. I turn to Pete and was like what is this guy's deal. The bouncer then commented that he didn't like my $130.00 Columbia Dark Grey boots.  Pete now moved us to another section and claimed he would take care of this... As we moved I see the guy pointing at his wrist and telling another bouncer that I need to cover up my Eagles Tattoo. The guys was over the line from the get go. Pete asked If I had another shirt to put on over the jersey. My buddy had happened to have a button down shirt on top of another shirt and offered to let me wear that. The Bouncer interjected no that's his shirt I know that's his shirt not yours. I look at Pete and was like what the fuck is this guy's problem? Pete said there's a gift shop right next door can you go buy a T shirt? I said fine, I'll buy a shirt. I went next door bought a black shirt with jewels and sequins on it because it was the only shirt that would fit over my arms... Long Sleeve so it covers my tattoo. Another bouncer approaches me and politely asks please keep the shirt on in the club and not to just take it off after entry and wear the jersey I said no problem.  As I was answering I see the guy pointing at my Boots again! I said you know what fuck this. I unbuttoned the shirt, returned it at the gift shop and called it a day.  The kicker is one guy I was with had New balance Sneaks on... they were ok, and a guy in my booth early that day spilled Cranberry Juice all over himself and was staying in another hotel, I lent him a $12 White Miller light shirt that I wear to wash my car on the weekend, and he was let in with that very shirt! Not sure what was up that guy's crawl, but I truly did not deserve that kind of treatment on a night in which I had just been alerted that I won an AVN award, and spent $3000.00 on sponsoring a party.  It was totally unprovoked and uncalled for. There are two ways you talk to people, and somebody needs to teach that guy the difference. Just because your standing in front of a club with and earpiece and a clipboard doesn't mean that you're curing cancer. I didn't get his name, but he really shouldn't have a job there. Moral of the story these guys and this Club aren't worth your time. Go to Studio 54 or Pure, you'll have a better time.
3	A little cramped on NYE 2010/11 to see Diddy.  A nice club with great staff, too bad not in a better casino.
3	A promoter put me and my girlfriend on guestlist for free admission, but of course she was the only one who got in free and I payed $20 which was fine by me. Waited in guestlist line for 45 minutes. Drinks are watered down and you will be better off buying shots or drinking before the club. VIP tables takes up a great deal of space in the club. Two bars on 1st floor and another on the 2nd floor. 21+ really means everyone 21 and older, I seen a few parents(40+) inside the club. lol
3	It was easy enough to get inside the club, but once inside, I really wasn't that impressed. Like most of these places, it is all about the overly priced tables. The whole back wall and a huge area next to the first floor bar are all tables. What this really does is make the dance floor tiny and difficult to get around. The DJ wasn't spinning my kind of music but I can't fault the club for that. The sound system seemed pretty nice but the club itself just seemed a little plain.
4	honestly people... i go out a lot. I am a party girl and do clubs like every other night. LAX is old, its not the greatest, the crowd sucks butt on most nights. BUT: I have NEVER had a bad time there. I just love to dance away and people let youjust dance. Of course a lot of shorty glassywearing guys hit on you if you are a semi hot girl, but... its still fun. The security are all over, they call semi hot girls to not so hot guys tables for entertainment, hey its free booze! Its an ok club, very euro trashy but it always has given me fun nights of just dancing the fat away.
1	This place was a complete waste of time. My friends and I were walking through the Luxor and one of the "promotors" came up to us and asked us if we wanted to go to LAX...he had free passes. Sure no problem. So we took the passes and got in line...which took about 45 min to an hour to get in the club. That said...we had to pay $40 each at the door! The door man said he wasn't accepting the passes but we'd spent so much time in line we didnt want to go anywhere else at this point...hook, line and sinker. So we get in and this place is a debacle. WAY over crowded and no usable room to dance. About a third of the dance floor is taken up on either side by the red velvet ropes keeping the common folk from the VIPs who decided to spend way too much on a table/bottle service. You arent allowed to cross the line unless you have a table. So what happens is that everyone is crowded into the dance floor...including the people trying to walk from one end to the other. At that point its no longer a dance floor but rather a sardine can of people standing around. Upstairs isnt much better but at least you can try and move around. People start to get word that there is breathable air up there and you get the wave who comes up and then heads back down. People battle for space at the railing while some drunk guy whos had one too many E pretends he's back at a rave. We head back down stairs and I decide I might as well try to get some pictures of the evening and begin snapping pics of my friends. I then notice one of the bouncers signaling to the guy down below who comes over and tries to take my camera! WTF! I refuse to let him have it and he continues to press me. I ask him what the problem is and he says I can't shoot video in the club and I have to give them my camera. No I wont give it to them and I am not shooting video. I show him the last picture of my friend that I took (he tries to take the camera again) but is satisfied that I am not shooting video and leaves me alone. All in all...PLENTY of places to go where you wont be harassed by the bouncers and feel like a zoo animal.
1	I've given this place a few chances and every time I feel like I could have spent my time better elsewhere. I should have been suspect when they ushered the friends that I was with (all girls) and myself to the front of a very long line that they were trying to better their ratio for guys to girls, but the mix of people inside was just sort of strange. We left after one drink the last time that we were there and that'll be the last time I go there.
1	AWFUL! Get bottle service if you go here. If you don't you will regret it. too crowded.
2	Went in a group of 20 to this place.  Spent 2 grand to get in and got a 1000 bucks of a tab with it.  They gave us a private area on the side but we had to buy bottles of booze Grey Goose being the least expensive $395 a bottle.  Had to get beer at the bar off the tab cause it's not apart of the deal.  It was what ever not the best not the worst.  Yea it was expensive but you expect that.  DJ was pretty good and we didnt have to wait 2 hours like a bunch of others.  Just think they can give you more for your money for how much you have to put out.
2	Overcrowded and overpriced ! if you don't get a table, it's not worth going in.
2	The only reason I gave LAX 2 stars is because my friends and I got bottle service. I do not plan on coming back here ever again.Eh. I've had better.
3	It was okay. Seemed a lot more crowded than other clubs maybe because it was smaller. I was approached by the VIP security guys asking me if I wanted to meet another bachelor in the VIP section. A little weird but okay, he was totally wasted and the guy I ended up dancing with was spilling his drink all over the dance floor... I still do not understand how that was possible... it was only a quarter full... anyway... Music was okay nothing I really loved or hated. We were there for about an hour or so.
2	Cool entrance down a staircase into the club and always top notch artists and DJs performing, but that's it.  It gets so crowded that dancing at this "dance" club is literally not an option.  Crowded and hot.  Plus it is shaped like an airport terminal, so if you make your way through the masses of sweaty grenades, the only way back to the other side is to turn around, put your riot gear on, and walk right back the way you came.  Stupidest club design ever in history.  Crowd is B-list at best.
3	I came here as my mid-point spot with the NIte Life tours or whatever its called. This place was probably my favorite on the list..it had the kind of music i like so i had a good time. the problem is I was wearing flats and was taller than most guys in here!! OMG awful!! I was out with my friend to have a good time, but really?!? We like to have some eye candy and there wasn't a whole lot to look at in here :( but next time we're in Vegas we'll prolly def hit this spot up again.
3	This place was ok, i went on a thursday night, it could have been better on a weekend. I had an ok time.
2	Went on a Saturday night and was really excited for a more urban club experience in Vegas. Way too crowded and next time (July) if we go will definitely have to get bottle service to be able to enjoy ourselves without 20 people on top of you. Still had a great time, DJ was great and there were was a fairly attractive clientele, again was just way too crowded
1	Never again.  Our group went just to check it out and cuz we didn't want to travel too much further down the strip to drink and dance a little.... Did not like the crowd, did not like the music, did not like the ambience... particularly did not like trying to walk through the crowd on the super sticky floors. Ugh.
3	It was pretty awful waiting to get in here at 11pm. Once in, it was pretty ok dancing and really packed. Standard club, VIP creepers, general creepers but I had a good time. Next time I am not allowing myself to wear crazy heels all day!
2	So finally, I have decided to review LAX.  I went here on a couple of times years ago and I still remember the not so fun times at LAX.  The line is ridiculoussss.  And the dance floor and layout of the place is way too small.  There are a crap load of tables, but no place to do any dancing or wandering.All in all, a very narrow and poorly designed venue that really takes away from the possible fun.
2	Ummm where to start. The club itself is nice.. The music, in my opinion, is great. I love a variety of music.  Not a big fan of house music. Negatives: sucks if you don't have bottle service. It is super small. The dance floor is small. Seems Luke they are ALWAYS over capacity.. Uncomfortable!!! there is noooo coat check.. don't be fooled. I had to carry my huge ass bag with me the entire time I was there. They need a stricter dress code for sure. Seems Like they let anybody In...
3	Crowd- not cute at all, lots of guys that looked like ghetto hooligans, and girls that looked like cheap tramps. ( I meant that in the nicest way possible)Music- Quite enjoyable. Lots of hip hop and what I call "booty music" you know, stuff you can shake your rump to. Drop it like it's hot!Price- well, for us girls it was free (get on the guest list), I don't know how much for guys.Interior-  on the small side, but well decorated. My main problem on the inside is that there was really nowhere to sit & my feet were  hurting so bad I had to leave early. Overall, It's OK-
1	Awkward layout. Walk up a set of stairs, then back down one. Try to get a drink at the crowded bars, forget about dancing. Impossible. My friend and I went cuz we heard Enriq Iglesias was going to be there. And I though why not? free cover, take a pic of a hot celeb? And free drinks till midnight. Wrong, only till 11pm and then the bartender wanted $20 for two screwdrivers, We paid, drank and left. Never again.
3	This club gets three stars because:- we got in for Free. Yes Yelp, here's my full disclosure. I wouldn't pay to get in this place. I probably wouldn't consider going except it was a Saturday night, we just got out of a Criss Angel show, missed our chance to get to Marquee, and got free passes from a promoter. - they don't care about what you're wearing. Club wear my arse. The people who were in front of us at the line would have qualified for the "people of walmart" website. (Yeah, I wish I was joking, but it's a true story). They made me feel overdressed in my tank top and ruffly short skirt.- "girls line" - the wait is super short and they get girls in so quickly we couldn't find the line. Why? Because there's no line! But back to the statement before this, I think the bouncers debated whether to let those people in so they held the line a bit. [Hey promoters! Make sure you don't have beer goggles when you hand out those VIP passes :P]Music is Top 40-ish. Dance floor not too crowded.Crowd is hmm.. let's just say that night, there was a high cougar to cute guy ratio.And the stamp? Oh gosh, a huge block that spells FREE. Seriously?
4	We always have a good time whenever we hit the Luxor! Before, when it was still called 'Ra' it was crowded, it was fun, and there was always someone new to meet. My girls and I unknowingly planned our trip to Las Vegas for Memorial Day weekend. I say unknowingly because I know better than to go to Las Vegas during a holiday weekend. Too many people (I just don't do big crowds), too many drunks, and clubs become too expensive. However, it wasn't my birthday and that weekend worked so we went. We hit LAX the last night of our stay in Vegas (Sunday night). We got scammed by some dude selling club passes on the strip (in front of Caesar's, don't give him your money) so we knew it would a rough night of clubbing ahead of us. We decided to just go for it and headed to the Luxor. We weren't on a list, we didn't have passes, we were doing it 'the regular way' which I haven't done since I first started clubbing (about 10 years ago). We expected the cover to be insane, especially when we discovered that Ginuwine was performing (don't judge me, I still love Ginuwine). We were told that the cover was $20, but we could expect to pay more by the time we got to the door. Totally understandable, this is Vegas, the goal is to make money.We got to the door in record time (less than an hour of waiting in line, score!), and we only paid $30 to get in. I look at this as a bargain because it was a holiday weekend, other clubs were charging much more and there was a performance that night.The only real problem we had was that the club was so packed. It was really hard to finish my drink without spilling it on myself (thanks to the thousands of people milling back and forth bumping in to me). After Ginuwine performed a lot of people left so it was easier to dance. Easier, not easy. It was still super packed, no real dancing could be done and getting off the dance floor was very tricky.Over all, we had a great time; the Luxor never disappoints me. It's always an adventure when we roll through the Luxor.
5	I just contacted a promoter and had at least 4 guys and 6 girls. We didn't have to wait in line- but otherwise there was a huge line!  the guys I believe were charged ten a piece- but if you find the right promoters- it could all be free. Great atmosphere, good music, and beautiful looking place. I've been to about 5 clubs in Vegas now and this one was been my favorite. The drinks are a grip- as always. I'd definitely come back here though.  Cool thing is, if you're a chick- you can get into VIP and get free drinks all night- not saying I do that or anything hehe. Awesome place  but don't go here, or anywhere without contacting a promoter first or you'll be stuck in an hour long line pay 20 a head. =)
3	This club was pretty cool. Not my favorite, but it has its pros. PROS: Big, open feel. Great music. Lots of room to dance. I liked the "goth" decor.CONS: Small bathrooms. The location of the VIP tables was odd. Some of them are located on the dance floor, but then the main crowd is held back by stanchions... it feels strange to be on the dance floor, dancing up against some random stanchions. Another con -- we were there on a Wednesday night, arrived at about 11 pm, and had to wait for over 45 minutes. It was silly and completely unnecessary, considering the club was hardly "full."
4	LAX was a club I liked. It had the usual wait in line for no reason but the good part is that there is a bar right across from the line where you could send a friend to buy drinks while you're waiting in line for no reason. I went with a group of guys which normally meant that we had to wait longer than others but everyone had to wait the same as the pretty girls. Once we paid the cover we entered and climbed the steps. The club has an interesting build which could hold a lot of people but not feel packed. The dance floor was really crowded and the DJ played a mix of hip-hop and house. It was a really good mix of music. They could have more room on the dance floor if they moved the tables off of the floor, but I guess they have to make as much money as possible. I hung out at the top bar where the drinks were really good. The blonde bartender was excellent. All in all it was a good experience for a Wednesday night.
4	Ah The network of Vegas. I'm giving a star to Jagged Edge performing live because they we're in harmony soooo good. But the lounge is a 3+:We went on a Saturday night and we didn't wait much - I weasled to the front and piggy backed 2 males with me. They had a cover charge but not for the ladies.Inside the club, you walk upstairs first and they make you view the dancefloor fron the top. It's definintely lively! The bars are in the back and VIP at the front with the DJ so you would be dancing toward the VIP. Jagged Edge was performing infront of me at an armslength. That's Cray cray! Vegas, you've took nightlife for a woman to a whole new level and I didn't pay a penny.
4	Awesome club, went there late so we didnt wait in line. Price to get in, a little steap. But its vegas, so no complaints. Music was great, drinks were great. Everyone seemed to be having a great time. Danced the night away, so we will be going back here on our next trip.
1	Sorry to say.... but I hate this place.  Drinks are over priced... bartenders are rude... it gets overly packed to the point you can't dance or even walk without having to squeeze yourself thru the ridiculous crowd.  Not fun at all!I've been here on several different occasions, always hoping for a better experience but always dissappointed.  Pass on this place!
3	The inside of this club is so sexy, dark with red lighting and balconies!  It has a great dance floor and lots of out of the way places to stand or to cuddle with your sweetie.  The music is exactly what you would want it to be at a dance club- songs that you recognize that are easy to dance to.  Now to the bad...Yes, drinks are incredibly expensive.  Here is what I recommend- Drink before you go in.  There is a Fat Tuesdays right upstairs and numerous bars around the Luxor.  Avoid the lines at the bar by showing up tipsy.  It will give you more time to dance with all the hotties on the dance floor.  Avoid the line by going during the week.  This is Vegas, the clubs are going to be hopping regardless of the day of the week.  Club representatives will often stand by the front doors of the Luxor in the evenings during the week trying to get people to go to the club.  If you ask, they will put you on the VIP list and you will get in for free.  I went on a Thursday- There were plenty of people in the club but I didn't wait or pay.  On a Saturday, you will stand in a line and pay up to $30 to get in.Girls- Don't bring a purse!  The club is crowded and it will just end up getting in the way.  There is no place to put it safely.  Either bring just a wristlette or make your man carry your ID and lipstick.  Also, wear your flip-flops.  No one is looking at your feet at 1am and you will be able to dance for hours.  Remember- it is a very long way back to your hotel room from the club!
1	This club is horrible. I came with my cousins because we had to kill some time and we didn't want to gamble. We paid $20 to get it (it was around 1am). As soon as we got in, I wanted to get out. It was kind of dead. The only people there were older women. The music sucked. Only positive thing there was when I took a shot. 2 seconds of fun.
3	Three stars for three things that made the night: Our own party of awesome people, being inside our hotel, and Mya's performance that we had no idea would happen. Truth of the matter, you can have a lot of fun almost anywhere in Vegas, if you are partying with the right people. As with all clubs in Vegas, pregame in your hotel to get your buzz on before getting in. The highlight was dancing on the floor to some awesome old school throwbacks when we looked on stage and saw that Mya was singing them! Totally caught us off guard, since none of us looked to see what was going on at LAX for the night. If I had known where we were going beforehand, I would have done my research and got us in for free. If I had to pay 20 bucks to get in here again, I'd opt to throw 20 bucks on a hand of blackjack.
5	Awesome bottle service,  great hosts
4	This place is poppin'!  If you're a guest of the hotel go to the front of the line.  Bottle service is a must if you need a place to sit.
2	We decided to blow some money on bottle service - i talked to a security guy and he called down the host who hooked us up. They were actually pretty nice and took care of us quickly. The night was enjoyable up until shit went down. One of my friends went to use the bathroom, and I was sitting with our bags. At some point I turned to talk to someone - LITERALLY no more than 30 seconds. In that time frame someone grabbed our bags right out from under my nose. What followed was an hour of trying to track them down and running around to security desks. Thankfully security had gotten hold of our bags and brought them back to us - but ALL of our cash was stolen. That was shitty, but not the end of the world. What makes me angry is how rude security was to us when we reported it. Honestly, I was not expecting to see that money again. But the guy was such a dick to us about taking a chance on reporting it. We had just dropped $500 on VIP service, and they treated us like assholes. The security guy just kept saying stuff like "well, that's why you never carry cash" and "you should know better than to leave your things unattended." No kidding dude, but we didn't come to you for a lecture. So, if you come to this place, keep a very keen eye. And, if god forbid something happens, expect to get treated like shit by security.  I'm not an idiot - I know that money is long gone. I'm glad I got all of my other stuff back. BUT for security to treat us that way after we gave the club all that money is a bigass thumbs down.
1	Will Never Return on any night.I came here on Industry Night WendsdayThe club is inside the Luxor which is so old and raggedy it needs to be shut down entirely. The crowd was ugly, fat, creepy, broke, and old among other things. Pimps and hoe's lingered at the bar outside of the club. The music, well idk but there was nobody worth dancing with. There were a few people who ordered bottle service, 30 minutes later VIP was empty; I guess they said forget this even after paying several hundred dollars for bottle service.I stayed all of 45 minutes which was too long.  I went back to the Wynn so pissed and disgusted I was going straight to bed. On my way up I saw the most beautiful, well dressed people staggering out of Surrender by the dozens. I was just standing there with my jaw open like WTF! I should have played in my own yard.  I started to go there first but it had some negative reviews on yelp so i didn't want to chance it. My Fellow yelpers let me down big time :(
3	Upon just checking out the Luxor hotel one night my girlfriend and I got wristbands for free access and free drinks for an hour to LAX. At first waiting on line we thought this place was going to suck. But when we finally got in, the party was just getting started. The drinks were good and plentiful within the free hour. The music was great, it started out with the newest hits then went a little old school which was fun. There was a great crowd not too many people and they were dancing fools. Although I loved the music it was a bit too loud. Overall I had a great time. I would suggest checking it out especially if you get a hold of a promotion.
4	I'm not exactly sure why people are hating on the club so much, I was completely sober when I came here. So, alcohol is no excuse.You wanna dance to hip hop? You're at the right place. The dance floor is pretty big and there's a whole variety of people here. When you walk in it's absolutely gorgeous with a huge staircase to walk down. And eventually, I bought my drink, then boys just kept it coming for me and my girls =), sorry guys, you were great to me. lolThis was my 2nd favorite club aside of Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, I stayed at the Venetian, so it was pretty far for me to go since it's at the opposite end of my hotel.Oh yeah, go to the Luxor earlier so you get a wrist band (with a number on it) to get in for free.. sometimes with unlimited drinks!
5	ok so our promoter said the guys were free, but they ended up being 1/2  off. that would seriously be the only issue I had.  My group of 20 or so had an absolute blast at this place this past Thursday night! Every song they played got me excited.  I do agree with Jeanine, why is everyone hating on this place?  5*s for music.  Loved the DJs choices. Hip hop, reggaeton, club, old school ahh love it!  5* ease of access to the bar.  We ordered & we received :) 5* crowd, everyone was friendly & having fun.  I honestly can't rate the appearance.  It was dark and crowded, which is fine by me.  All and all an awesome  club!
2	Came here when Snooki was supposed to make an appearance.I had originally guestlisted for 10 guys and 10 girls, but then this other promoter comes along and gets my girls to go along with his list, thinking that guy can get our guys in too.  They were wrong!  We had been chillin in the back, not lined up, for the longest time.  The line was really long.  The girls all decided to go in first.  We got in for free with free with our wristband and got free drinks.  Unfortunately, the guys waited a looong time.  The girls hung out on the dance floor for quite awhile.  The music was hiphop, but not that great.  In the end, the guys walked away and everyone else left.  This club wasn't as great as I was hoping it would be.  I remember walking into this place once before and walking out because it was pretty dead.   I didn't recall the name of the club until this time.
5	Love this place! Don't plan coming here on the weekends with out a contact from a promoter. Or you will have a great time waiting in a long line. Let them know how many guys will be tagging along as well if you want to get in free. But when you enter this club the scape of it is amazing.. Gothic esque.. mummy's tomb.  It's beautiful and Big. Lots of room to dance great to come here with a full group :) The drinks are great too. little pricey. But, that's what is to be expected in Vegas. They have great music. Ol school and such love it. It's very crowded after 1:00.Being in the VIP is pretty fun too :) 5 Stars!
2	I started off not liking this place. It was at the end of the strip, didn't seem to have people coming in, and we were having trouble getting in. They said that we had exceeded our guest list, even though the group had bought 3 bottles. Once they finally let us in it turned my opinion around. The inside was pretty straight up, a little blah, but all the strobe lights and music made up for it. All of the drinks I had were good and strong, expensive but that's par for the course. All in all if you get there before the cover charge starts, it well worth it. If you get there after the cover charge starts, and you have a group of 6 see if you can buy a bottle instead of paying the cover.
5	Came here with some reviewer from France and had a great impression of the club.First you need to know that this club is really well decorated inside out, and the crew were friendly. So this means dress code is really simple slack pants, shirt like you're going for an interview:) NO TENNIS SHOES!!As we entered the club, the security crew have to do their routine check ofID's, etc...Inside the club we were greeted  by Jeff Kenkei (Manager), and had a great treatment. If you're planning a private party they have a VIP entrence with VIP lounge that can hold approximately 100 people. I like this lounge because it is very soothing as far as lighting, and the interiro is extravagant.Outside the VIP lounge, the actual club, we were served by Michael Bauton who knew how to treat us right. Our drinks were done according to the recipe.Inside the actual dance floor club, which can hold approximately 600 people, there are balconies with booth that you can reserve for special occasion. Nice mirror on the wall, and great spacialdance florr.The rest is for you to found out more about what this club has to offer in the heart of Las Vegas.Definitely recommended.
1	Crazy LinePoor attitude from staff.Bartender refused to provide tap water with drinks (answer "you can buy bottled" .. sure, when I've just bought 3 drinks that you pre-tipped) Nowhere to sit unless you've bought a table with bottle service.Beware.
3	Well the upside of coming here was that I got a chance to check out a really great space. The first time I came here, I really liked the layout and thought the downstairs area was a fun dancing area, not too packed, not too empty.. We were able to get in very easily and for an affordable price. Fast forward 3 years, and I was back at LAX, hoping for more of the same. They were charging $40 for girls, which I thought was pretty f-ing steep. But once inside it was gross-packed, The crowd seemed different, and less fun loving and more bitter. Snooki from the Jersey Shore was there, and everyone spent their time taking pictures of her, with their middle fingers pointing at you. Well WTF? You're the one that paid bank to see her, so you could do that? I'm not a super Snooki enthusiast but I just thought it was in poor taste. Next time I come, I'll have to try getting a bottle at one of those balcony rooms, which did seem pretty cool. Otherwise, I'll pass, Also what's up with the hidden exits here? It took us like 15 minutes to find one, or I might blame it on the vodka?
2	there is a reason i put up with other clubs in Las Vegas......and not this one.
4	This is by far one of the biggest clubs I've been to in Vegas. The entrance is like a round-about. When you go in there is sooooo much room for dancing. The booths surround the dance floor, roped off. Again we recieved invitations but declined. We can afford our own drinks, thank you very much.It was close to 3am when we got here so people were pretty loaded & guys would not take 'no' for an answer. My friend actually punched a guy & I shoved a guy to the floor. They were soooo aggressive that we just left , we were over it.
4	Went here on Saturday 11/12 for Snooki's birthday party. They were charging $50 cover for guys and $30 cover for girls???? Umm they realize this is the Luxor not the Wynn right? Anyways some guy approached our group of 14 and asked if we wanted bottle service.....3 bottles for $987 includes tax, cover and tip out the door. SOOO it was about $70 a person which is a pretty good deal. The guy we spoke with was Randon? It was so packed downstairs people couldnt even move if they wanted to. Best idea ever to get bottle service here. Highly recommend it.Dont think I would go back if i had to pay but overall it was a great experience.
1	This deserves no stars.  The dance floor was ridiculously small because they rope off the VIP tables and leave you no room.  The bouncers or whatever you call them are rude and do nothing to help you if you have a problem with someone.  By the end of the night my boyfriend was playing like a running block so people wouldn't push into me just to get to the bar.  Do NOT pay for the front of the line tickets.  After an hour or so there is no line to get in.  The only good thing I can say is that the music was decent.  It's a shame this club sucks, we would have been dancing all night if we had any room to do it.
4	I have to admit, out of all the Vegas nightclubs I've experienced since I've turned 21, LAX had given me the best night.  It could have been due to the company or the fact that it was completely free, but the overall experience was AWESOME.  First off, after having reservations at Noir on New Years Day 2010, my cousin made friends with the bouncer for LAX and he let us in at 11:30 free of charge.  It was PACKED inside and as we tried to maneuver to the bar, a bouncer invited us to a table.  A group of gentlemen who did not use their table to be gropey (nor did our group of females use them for alcohol) had us come over for a place to dance, talk, and have a few drinks.  Then we walked around and made friends with a girl at the upstairs area of tables who was waiting for her group of guy friends and invited us to hang out with her in the meantime.  Her table view was GORGEOUS and we had a great time dancing over the balcony with the stranger.So yes, my experience is jaded by the fact that I went in with a group of 2 other girls and spent nothing except for when we were at Noir and had a lot of space to dance.  But whatever.  Hands down the best Vegas nightclub experience I've ever had.
5	We always go here for a Saturday during Thanksgiving Weekend.  It's hard to find a good club in Las Vegas that plays Hip-Hop.  I personally like House music but the people I roll with want to "back dat ass up" or "do  the dougie" so this place is a great compromise.Everytime I come with girls, they always put our bottle service table by the stage, by the dj which I love.  I don't have to worry about fighting weird creepy guys while I'm having fun.The Hosts and Servers are always nice and they are always on top of refilling the chasers.  It doesn't get too crowded where the dripping sweat of another person is dripping in my drink.  I love it here!!!
4	LAX for me is one of those clubs that play very good music!! If you love hip hop and old school from the 90's with music now, you are at the right club! It does get crowded where there is only standing room so be prepared and just enjoy it all!!
3	Went here for Paris Hilton's Halloween party a few years ago and this place is very over rated. Not worth the wait or the time. Hit up XS instead for a guaranteed great time
4	This was a fun club. i celebrated my 21st birthday it was deinetly a hot spot. the music /drinks were great! Enjoyed it hands down. Definetly a memory never to be forgotten!!
4	A promoter approached me by the lobby and told me that he could put me on the list  to drink for FREE till midnight. I loved that my girlfriends and I didn't have to wait in line and we got in for free! Turns out they only serve free vodka drinks but I was okay with that since vodka is my drink of choice. My girls and I had a great time and even got invited to drink for free in VIP! I really didn't pay attention to the crowd but it seemed like there was a good mix of people. Not ghetto or pretentious. I'll definitely keep LAX in mind next time I come back to Las Vegas.
1	There is a reason this place barely hits 2 1\2 stars with over 350 reviews...LAX is one of the worst nightclubs in Vegas...and most of us on Yelp agree! I've been a total of 4 times, the first was by choice and the other 3 were because the club was part of a party bus package or a friend chose to celebrate there (despite my warning). I will be the first one to admit that a night is only as fun as you make it out to be and at times it doesn't even matter where you are as long as you're in good company.Reasons I dislike LAX:Security: They are a-holes...shocker, right? Ok, so it's Vegas...I get it, most doormen have attitude, however, I have partied at most of the clubs in Vegas and have an encountered some decent security staff. LAX is not one of them. They give stupid sobriety tests like, "On a scale of 1-10 how drunk are you?" or "Who is our President?" (If you fail that, I really just think it's stupidity not drunkeness). So, I witnessed them let in dozens of people who "passed" the test but my friend was turned away because she TRIPPED on their carpet with her STILETTO heel? She didn't even get a chance to take a test =/ Get the f*ck outta here! She was more coherent than I was and I stood there talking to head of security for 20 minutes. I could go on about this but let's move on...Venue: SMALL dance space. It's a club...I would like to dance :) The way the place is set up is ridiculous. This is why fights break out, because there is no room to breath much less dance. All security does is yell at people who are trying to walk through because they stepped an inch passed the velvet ropes to try and get out. FAIL!Music: Top 40, hip hop...same as most trendy clubs.PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE go to another club, trust me! It's not personal, I never liked this club from the first time I went solely on the fact that it was not a great place to dance. Now, I just have more reasons. JET, RAIN, TRYST...to name a few, are a much better choice :)
5	The bottle service and hosts here are top notch!A friend referred me to contact a host here for our bachelorette party of 9 and within 30 minutes, we were all set up for VIP treatment and bottle service that night. Once we arrived, we were immediately escorted inside to our booth where the host stayed with us until our server arrived to setup. The consistently checked on us throughout the evening to make sure that we were pleased and enjoying our experience. We were even comped a bottle! I personally didn't pay too much attention to the crowd as we were in our own world in our booth area but the music was the perfect arrangement of hip hop. We were all having a fabulous time dancing and imbibing vodka mixers. Although this club is not as large as Tao, it offers up great service and even better music to get your groove on to.TIP: Ladies generally get in for FREE from 10-11:30 and they can offer complimentary drinks at that time too. I'm not sure what the normal rate is for men to come join.
1	I have always hated this club, from way back when it first opened and was "hot."  I've been here several times because it's been a stop on my party bus route, and each time I remember how much I dislike this place.The set up is awful.  There are vip tables everywhere, upstairs and downstairs.  They sacrificed a spacious dancefloor for vip tables. So that means the dancefloor is small. And from what I remember, the bars are only on either end of the dancefloor, which means you have to fight your way through the crowd one way or another to get a damn drink. Stupid.  There is a roped off vip section which we managed to charm our way in to one time. Eh, it was empty, which made it easy to get a drink, but there was no action going on in there.Finally, this past time, the bouncers wouldn't let my friend in because she was too "intoxicated." We were on a party bus and should have been walked right in, but it was the last stop so the hostess took off. Really my friend just stumbled in her 6 inch stillettos, but whatever, I didn't really care to party there anyways.  Much would have rather stayed at the Cathouse, also in the Luxor.  They were playing banging music and everyone was having fun there.
2	Went on a Thursday and it was pretty dead. Sad because the line outside made it seem like it was slammed inside. The bouncers finally asked "who's on the guest list?" Everyone agreed and bum-rushed the bouncer stand and they let everyone in after checking ID's. We walked up the regal staircase and down another staircase into the club. Ladies be forewarned: Do be too cute to USE THE RAILS. My friend fell going down the stairs and the lady in front of us fell at the same time. The previous posts are right. There are A LOT of tables and roped off sections. Only about 5 were booked and the other 50 were empty. Almost sad. The dance floor is a 6-8 foot walkway from one bar to the other and just a terrible set up all around. The music was horrendous! They were playing Flo Ridas "Sugar" which was great 3 years ago. It felt like an amateur DJ was at the wheels.The drink was full of juice and such a blatant rip-off, I gave it back to the bartender. Club bartenders seem to forget that cups change size, so proportions should be adjusted. You can't pour 8 oz of juice and a shot and expect the drink to be the same.  Glad to say I went, but the layout  makes it nothing to tell friends about. I'd stick with XS.
4	I'm not sure why this place is so much fun! It just is! It seems like EVERYONE inside here got a free shot of SOMETHING before they came in. The only downside is that its far from most of the strip. GREAT music, good sound system, lots of bar space.
1	We came to LAX on 1/21/12 for a girl's weekend and got table service. This was the worst table service I have ever encountered. The waitress was never around so we could not order anything and the bouncers are bullies to the people getting table service. This was our first club of the night and we had not even started drinking at the table but one of the people in our group was escorted out because she was "swaying". We tried to explain that her feet hurt and she was shifting in shoes because we had been waiting for over 30 minutes for our table to be setup, but management was rude and refused to let her back in or give us a refund so the entire group could leave. We come to Vegas 5-6 times a year and regularly get table service at the main casino nightclubs. Do not waste your time going to LAX, but definitely do not get table service if you go there. You will get better service and be treated with more respect if you go to a kiosk bar in any other casino.
5	One of my fave spots in Vegas. We came in with a large group of girls and definitely got the royal treatment (comped bottle service, great table, etc). The DJ here (did not catch his name) was the best I heard all weekend...definitely come here if you want to hear a play list that varies from the typical Niki Minaj/Rihanna rotation.
4	We had a group of 14, got bottle service. Waiting about 10 minutes to get in. Music was good (hip hop) Host, Security, Waitress, Busboy, did an awesome job.  They toke care of us very well. Greeted us, made sure we didn't run out of anything.  Bottle service is the only way to go!!!
2	I remember really liking LAX back when it first opened. Now... Meh. The security guards and VIP hosts are at two extremes: really nice or really rude. I saw an even mixture of both when I last came by. My friend and I had questions about the event and were given the run-around for about half an hour. This consisted of us being told to go outside then being sent back inside only to be sent back outside again. Making two girls go up and down the stairs repeatedly in five inch heels? Surely you jest. Would stop by again for a really awesome event but otherwise, I'll spend my time elsewhere.
1	The music was good. The star wars show was pretty cool...(a show they put on when they bring ya  your bottle). besides that this place is to small.. I've been to better Night clubs here in central california......For being a club in Vegas this place sucks...Well I guess I remember where I was at on my 30th birthday....
3	Here is my three star rating1) I got in free2) My brother had table service so I didn't have an issue with seating or spending $25.00 plus tip for 2, count them 1 , 2 drinks.3) It's ghettobootyliciousfabuand I would never come here ever again.
4	LAX is like that greasy Mexican food that you crave at 3am after you've been out clubbing all night. It's easy, fast, and always open ;)Four star rating because...--it's plays ghettobootylicious music. Feel like dancing dirty? LAX.--there's no cover/ cheap cover- I believe the bouncer in the front is overpaid because the club does not regularly reach capacity.--the drinks are so cheap- I think I paid like $12 for a cranberry vodka!--it's open late. We stayed past 4 on a weekend night bc there were so many people there.I have 2 thoughts about LAX:1. It totally deserves more credit for what it's got. Seriously, every group of restaurants needs a Molca Salsa (people of LA, yadadamean?)2. Sucks that it's in the Luxor, a hotel that's basically more boring than dirt.
3	staff and bartenders are super cool. the nicest and most efficient i've dealt with in vegas. music is great, too. but i will NEVER come back...crowd is really, truly ghetto. i literally have a bruise on my arm from when a guy grabbed me and asked to dance, and held on while i was saying "no, thanks". girls were dressed in tank tops and flats, really casual. my friend said a guy asked her to dance and had the worst breath ever. another guy came up to her 4 different times! girls push through you and do not say, "excuse me". the bouncers felt sorry for us and put us in the VIP section so we we're able to kind of enjoy the rest of the night, which was really nice since we didn't have a table.never again. such a shame to waste such a good dj and cool club staff.5 stars to what should make a great club (dj, hostess, bartenders, bouncers)-2 stars to the crowd!3 stars to LAX
1	I was not impressed. The cover was $30 for ladies and $40 for guys. Seriously? I don't have a problem paying cover, but $30 is excessive. I ended up just heading over to a lounge that was also located in the Luxor instead.
3	This is not a bar I remember except on the way in there was an advertisement for the Hilton sisters birthday party and I wished my last name was Hilton. Other then that lots of drinking opportunities & your standard Vegas club. Bottle service reasonable.
1	No. Just... no.I usually write very thorough and detailed reviews on yelp, and yet... I can't even bring myself to write an actual review for this club.Please spend your time in Vegas somewhere else. Las Vegas is all about novelty. LAX is one of the older nightclubs inside one of the older casinos (The Luxor). You can find better music and better people at the newer clubs inside the newer hotels.
4	Wow - a lot of negative reviews on here! I'm not in agreement, but I can see the point of view of some of these people, and I think what it comes down to is what you're looking for when you go clubbing in Vegas.Now in fairness, LAX is not as 'pretty' as other places, like 'Surrender' or 'Pure.' It isn't going to win any points for ambiance, for sure. It's an older club and an older hotel and it looks it. So, those looking for 'fancy' won't find it here. Personally though, the key for me when it comes to clubbing is good music, a decent crowd, and enough room to dance.Like most Vegas clubs, my girls and I got in free, which was nice. The crowd is relaxed and casual. Most of the time when I go out in Vegas I'm in a dress and heels. Here I wore jeans and didn't feel underdressed by any means. It's not the kind of place where you need that 'Vegas' dress. Some on here have said the people at LAX are 'ghetto' and I suppose in comparison with XS and more upscale clubs, LAX could be, by comparison, considered 'ghetto' - but I'm guessing it's people who've never been anywhere NEAR the ghetto who are labeling this place as that. I've been to truly GHETTO clubs in my life and this place wasn't really ghetto. The crowd was fine. Didn't see any guys I wanted to dance with, but that's not a necessity for me to have a good time in a club.What IS a necessity for me in a club is good music and this place DELIVERED. I went with my friends, all of whom grew up through the late-80s to late-90s and we were LOVING the music!! Getting all nostalgic, dancing to songs I haven't heard in a while, yet we ALL still knew ALL the lyrics. I can imagine the 20-year-olds in the club that night were probably hating on all the 'old' stuff the DJ was playing, but the 30-year-olds in there were definitely feeling it. Music I can dance to? Love it. Also a plus is that this place wasn't jam-packed. I actually had room to dance!! Most of the "popular" places on the Strip are so full you can hardly move an inch.All-in-all: It may not be anything fancy or ultra-special, but when with my friends, our most enjoyable night out in a club was at LAX. Good music, decent crowd, we danced until our feet couldn't take it anymore.
3	LAX is nice, nothing to right home about but let me tell you why I do actually love the place.Came here once with my girls and we went straight to the bar.  After not falling down those damn stairs I need to treat myself.  So we get to the first available bar.  The bartender there was pregnant.  She took one look at us and said "I'm gonna get you f*cked up".  Well she didn't lie.  I ordered ONE drink people. And then I woke up the next morning.  Dear Baby Jesus we had a real life Hangover experience.... I'd have to know you to tell you the full story.PROS: Any given weekend you will find some random Celebrity or Athlete.  But this club is set up so if you don't have a table its not that comfortable.  You are relegated to the hallways or crowded dance floor.CONS:  The Staircase.  Who thought of this?  Every woman is holding on for dear life because our sky-high heels and the floor is waxed.  They need an elevator.
3	LAX is a nice, average club on the Vegas strip. I thought it was a lot more beautiful than HAZE, but not up to par with XS. I would consider it in the same area as Vanity at Hard Rock. It has pretty staircases and a lot of detailing. My girlfriends were planning my bachelorette party. Not so experienced with Vegas, they decided we should go to LAX. Mainly because my girlfriend was able to get us free bottle service and a table there. That is actually really hard to get, at any club on a weekend. I was a little hesistant at first because I like XS, but a free table is a free table. Plus we could always head out to the other clubs if this one wasn't happening. We got there right when it opened. Checked in. Got in quickly. Got seated at this corner booth in the upper corner with a great view of the dancefloor. The drinks came out and we started to get comfortable.Now initially it took the other club go-ers FOREVER to relax and party. God, the dance floor looked like a line at Disneyland. No one was really dancing or moving. It started gettings better after an hour or two and some alcohol consumption. Anyways, the security guards there could not have been nicer, and cuter. :P We were moved to another table because another group was willing to pay 2000 grand for the booth. We were moved into the quieter room that you go through before the danceroom. It sucked at first, but we just consumed as much alcohol as possible and kept going back to the dancefloor. Now this is when the security guards got really nice. Since I was the bachelorette and with a lot of pretty girls, they came back to us and told us they are trying to move us back into the main room. 15 minutes later, we had another corner booth and right by the dance floor. I'm sure they could tell that we were the best bachelorette party there. :P LESSON LEARNED? Just because this club is average doesn't mean that you will be having less fun than if you were at other trendier, new clubs. Anywhere can be have the best party if you have the right people with you, and that's exactly what happened for me and my girls. I honestly have not had so much fun in a club before. I think a table makes so much of a difference because you can have your own designated space and come and go as you please.
3	I havent been to many clubs but out of the ones i have been this one I was not a fan of. I just was thankful that my friend's friend was able to get us in for free for her birthday. It was so hot inside, by the time we walked down the stairs and over to the bar area i had sweat running down my neck and i had not even started to dance. There was one thing i did like most of all and that was when the guys from star wars came out and did a little party dance/celebration and shot out confetti. I had one drink and after that i refused to get another drink just because it was very overpowering(just not my thing). I still had alot of fun and enjoy getting out and celebrating my girl's birthday!!!! But heck I live in vegas so why not try and see what all the clubs in las vegas have to offer.
1	The worst experience I have ever had was going to LAX... Would not recommend it to any young pretty females. The male security came into the womens restroom banged on the stall door my cousin was in while she was going pee he did not identify himself and tried to escort my cousin down a deserted hallway by herself. Good thing me and my other family was there. who knows what might have happened to her if we weren't. Mind u we had just arrived there and hadn't even made it to the dance floor. They should not be in business at all if that's how they conduct business.
1	I think we went on a bad night.  I've been to LAX once before, granted it was a couple years ago, and it wasn't a bad experience...but this last time...YIKES!!  I don't think I've seen so many guys in one, small, crowded space in my life!  Two seconds in, I understood why there were no girls...these dudes were SCARY desperate.  It seriously looked like the zombie apocalypse and each girl was the next meal...these poor girls were swarmed by these crazies!  I was there with my hubby, his friend and a few nice girls we met at Cathouse earlier that night.  I genuinely felt scared for our new friends...lol.  I went into Momma Bear Mode.Needless to say, we didn't last very long in there.  I might've stayed longer if it wasn't so late... and if I had a taser.Other things to note:The music was top 40 and it was mixed kinda strange...like not very smooth, I guess.The door staff was pretty friendly.The venue, itself, is a decent size although a bit messy.It was pretty late when we went, so that was probably a factor...girls were sparse cuz they'd already given up and gone in for the night; the guys left were probably extremely tired and intoxicated (which explains the zombie-like behavior, somewhat).All my gracious understanding aside, I still doubt I'll be returning...
4	Fun place to go get drinks, dance and enjoy the music!
1	While in Vegas for my birthday, we visited the LAX Nightclub! If a one word review would suffice, my post would look a lot like this: "whack!" Please do not waste your time even if you are staying at the Luxor! We traveled down the strip to come here and this place was a huge FAIL! It was not jumping. I enjoyed Studio 54 better even though it's closed now.We didn't have any problems with the doormen and luckily we got free passes from the hustlers walking the strip.
5	LAX is amazing. Beautiful decor, amazing staff and VIP hosts, just all around a fun time. My only complaint was there was this one girl, who had hungry eyes for me, she was truly a Hungry Hungry Hippo.We had an amazing table beside the dance floor, so when we got sick of being bumped into by "common" folks we just danced at our table. The guy at the table beside us got kicked out, which was funny. LAX for sure is a place to check out!
5	I absolutely loved LOVED LOOOOVED THIS PLACE!!!  Everything about it made my visit 100x better !  .The atmosphere set such a great mood for me. When I first got there I thought it wasn't going to be as great as it turned out to be, there wasn't as many people as I thought a club would have. BUT!  Then as the night went on the people kept coming and the night would get better! From getting in free to the free drinks until midnight, the music to the bar even the security walking around checking on groups of girls to make sure they were doing ok (and not in a perverted hitting on way!) It was just a perfect night!  I will definitely be back to this place..
2	Hot as in Turn On the A/C!!  Holy swamp balls batman.  This was one of our stops via Nite Tours and I wished this was not one of them.  The music was good, but it was crowded and there was about to be a throw down near me.   I didn't want my kicks to get messed up so I snitched on em and had security diffuse the tension.  Drink prices avg $12-14, decor was cool upstairs, and I was really not feeling the crowd at all.
5	Great spacious club. This is one of the better clubs on the strip. Free entry passes everywhere, ladies get all the vodka they can drink till they puke (which my guest did, twice). Really good music and the bouncers acturally give a warning before they kick you out for bad behaviour. I like it!
1	GHETTO! Instead of getting in line, I just went and asked how much for bottle service as we usually do in Vegas. The "VIP host" Josh had a stank face on from the beginning. I asked how much for a bottle and he says he can do buy one get one free. Okay fine, buy one bottle of Ketel and get one bottle of Ketel free right? He says yes. Okay we're sold.We walk in and he keeps telling us that we can sit here and there for another hundred dollars. NO, that is not the price we settled on. After we say no, he goes on to ask the other members of our group if they wanted it. He started cussing at us after we all turned him down. RUDE!He the walked us to our table and says "So are you going to tip or what?" WTH? You expect a tip after asking us for one AND cussing at us because we couldn't be hustled? I've never been so mis-treated EVER! Our waitress then took FOREVER to bring out our bottles and MAGICALLY forgot to bring back one of our credit cards. Needless to say, we didn't see her after we paid and received our bottles. The busser did everything for her to receive $250 gratuity...and that buy one get one deal for Ketel? SIKE...it's buy one bottle of Ketel and get a bottle of nasty Sky for free!!The crowd was terrible!! Never seen so many beggers in one place! The bottle rats came every 2 mins. and the guys tried to swarm when half my group was gone. The employees and crowd make this a dirt club, I will never return.
1	This place is wack.  From the very beginning I already knew this was the spot for D-bags and lamers who don't know what a real club is like.  The wife and I wanted to check it out because it looked cool from the outside and we had VIP vouchers.  I walk up and the guy tells me I cant get in because I'm wearing 350 dollar Jordans.  Like WTF... I did NOT come to Las Vegas just so I can wear dress shoes like I do 6 days a week at work.  Dress codes for a place like this is absolutely ridiculous.  I won't even get started on the massive lines of overweight women and horny guys... I think they were Japanese because it was definitely whale season.
2	Let me preface this review by saying the only reason we came here was because we had just come from Thunder from Down Under and the promoter outside gave us open bar wristbands.So with that said I did not like LAX, but my problems with LAX are pretty much the same problems I have with EVERY club. First, it was hella crowded. Like seriously, I'm surprised that the fire marshall didn't come shut the place down. On the plus side, at least you don't have to worry about moving your feet when you dance because there is NO room to move your feet. It was also incredibly hot inside and IMO the only place where you should see people sweating is at the gym. Combine all this with people drinking, smoking and wearing cheap Forever 21 nylon on the dance floor and it's a disaster just waiting to happen.But like I said, this is pretty much the situation at every single club. I don't know why there was a crowd of people lined up outside here. Only come here for free drinks!!
2	We went there NYE night. Paid $500 plus gratuity and taxes for a table. Table was in a secluded area; nice if you line that sort of privacy at a club but not ideal if you want to be in the heart of things.  There was a 30 min wait even though we had "VIP" admission with our table price; not ideal.  To pay for VIP service and wait in line that long is just unprofessional management. The bathroom line was horrible, they ran out of toilette paper and paper towels. B.o.B was hosting, they did a good performance although it was only three songs...
3	3 stars only because we got in with no hassle and got a vip table and 2 bottles with mixers faster than you get a burger at mcdonalds. Hate places like this normally but knowing someone who knows someone is a good thing.  If I were out in the regular area (basically just the dance floor) it would have been a 1 star because overall that is a dumb setup.
1	This was like going to a awful middle school dance.... except they serve alcohol. People are clumped in tight circles in one big room, listening to crap music, and not dancing on the postage-stamp sized dance floor. Totally went through the same deal in 7th grade....Worst of all, it's so far down the strip that there's no point in leaving once you realize how bad it is. The crowd leaves a lot to be desired too... a good amount of roughnecks and not-so-hot people. It's not even Night at The Roxbury cool. Not trying to judge, but it's VEGAS...If I am making the effort AND even wearing fake eyelashes, then the least people could do is put on a nice shirt or wear a dress that fits!!  I don't care if you get in for free. I don't care if you get free drinks till midnight. Don't go!!!!
4	I like this place!  They have great DJ's and the crowd is nice.  It does get really packed so I recommend VIP if you like some space and its super hot!!!!  There are some pic's on my blog if you want to see how busy it gets.
1	What. the. HELL. This place is so so so so gross. It was the last stop on our club tour, and my god I'm glad it was the last one. I NEVER would have continued on with the other clubs had this been in the beginning!First off, that entry way? What the eff, man? Could you maybe light it up a little? You know broads wear heels, right? If a damned bouncer has to SHINE A FLASHLIGHT TO SHOW YOU WHERE TO WALK, that's a freaking problem.The bartenders were a little rude. The crowd - gross. I didn't realize I was at a high school-aged club. I swear, it was like going to an 18+ club on the eastside of Oakland. The floor was grotesquely sticky and WET, there were creepy dudes everywhere, and every childish girl in there was talking shit about other girls. It was literally like being in high school again. Oh, and the place is tiny as hell. You can't breathe in there, what with all the gross children packed in like sardines. I'm glad we didn't spend much time there.
2	This place was one of the top nightclubs in Vegas a few years ago. It's gone downhill ever since then. Last time I was there in June the crowd was sort of ghetto. That was a major turn off. The floor throughout the club was also very sticky with bottles lying all over the place. I realize it's tough to keep a place like this clean on a busy weekend night but it should be at least respectably clean. There are many better clubs in Vegas. I would not recommend this club.
1	Perhaps the worst mainstream club in Vegas. Unfortunately we have done a couple pub crawls that threw this club on at the last minute. The first thought you will have once walking in is that they not pay the electric bill. Plan on sweating as it is 20 degrees warmer in here than out on the casino floor. Luckily the bouncers are extremely rude as they think this is still a premiere place. Nothing is special about this place other than overcrowding and lack of service. I have been coming to Vegas for 12 straight years and I will never come back to this place as there is so much more to experience in Vegas.
1	Can I give this place 0 stars?  Ok, that probably isn't fair because I didn't actually go inside the club. It was a nightmare. Here's what happened: My girlfriends and I go to Vegas quite often, but we usually don't venture to this end of the strip, preferring the newer clubs (Tryst, XS, Marquee etc). But we thought we would try one of the classics, especially since they were throwing a party for Genuwine's birthday.  We texted a few promoters, who all seemed willing to help.  We got confirmation that we were on the list, that there would be no cover, and that we wouldn't have to wait and that we didn't have to arrive early etc. Yeah right. We showed up around 11:20 to the most disorganized, ridiculous entry "line" I've ever seen. No one  knew where to go and the bouncers were completely unhelpful.  We texted our promoter for help and came up with nothing. He texted back a few times before blowing us off. He was extremely rude. If you are considering going to this club, reconsider.  But if you decide to go, do NOT use the promoter named Joshua Huggins. I'm not sure if he's incompetent or just doesn't know what's going on, but either way he is extremely rude. I shouldn't say this because it's not very nice, but I think it's important to note that all the people who were standing in line to get in just.... were not attractive at all. I guess I'm just used to the beautiful, swanky crowds at the upscale clubs, but there was not a soul in sight who I would willingly hook up with. We waited until about 11:45 before getting fed up and leaving. We went to Marquee instead, where we walked in immediately and had an amazing time (I reviewed that one too).
1	Yikes!! The only reason we stayed at LAX is because we were at the Luxor already and thought that LAX would be convenient. DO NOT THINK THAT ALL VEGAS CLUBS WERE CREATED EQUAL. This place is small and a lot of the workers were rude. It felt like they didn't want to be there.And where were all the beautiful ladies? There were way too many guys lurking around, and the girls that were there were not what I consider good looking. Good thing I know what other clubs in Vegas are like, because if this was the first club I went to, I may written off Vegas clubs completely.
1	Gross- but if you're a lady you get a lot of free drinks.  Bring pepper spray.
2	Ugh this place was super crowded when I visited quite a while back. Waited for probably 30 minutes to get in, and that's with our names on the "list", and being an all female group. I saw others still at the back when we were leaving. Also saw a lot of money changing hands to get people in ahead of the line... guess that's standard procedure. There were some B list reality stars hosting (maybe D list?) and the drinks were super expensive. We left this place really early and went to Drai's, which was a lot more fun.
3	The club was ok... it really sucks to not a have a place to sit... some areas people werent even sitting at the tables... such a waste... I didnt like the dance floor layout... very squished... and very very sticky floor after all the drunks spilled their drinks.. club opens at 10:30 but if you go to the lobby area of Luxor about 10 promoters give out wristbands for ladies to get in free and you should get free kettle one vodka drinks from 10:30-11:30... maybe go a bit before 10 line starts building up and by the time you get in it could be 11 and your time for your drinks is ticking... we got screwed on our free drinks... went through a promoter ahead of time and didnt get my wristbands.. the security guards have nothing to do with the wristbands so they said I need to go back to lobby and track down a promoter.. um no thanks.. did get in free and was at head of VIP line... music was great!! Met some fun people.. so if you can get in free and get some drinks and dont care to sit and just wanna dance then check it out...
1	Don't party here! If you're from LA and are accustomed to swankier places where the people make an effort to look nice this is not the place for you. The whole environment was unattractive especially the patrons. Tons of sloppy dressed guys, girls wearing flip flops and sun dresses in November! Not sure if this a club for heavy set people but there where many. I hate to be mean but it this is a perfect example of Americas obesity epidemic. Too many young people for those bodies.Stayed for one drink and left.
3	I was here for an after party of an IT conference.This club has nice vibe and music and servers! However, I couldn't really get a chance to enjoy all because the place was full of geeks from the conference. I may try this place again next time when there is no geek! :P
1	More important than the mediocre programming and the we-don't-know-any-better crowd here is the fact that the layout here just stinks and will always stink. The other problems are, in theory at least, fixable.If you don't have a table, you pretty much have to just mill around all night because not only is there nothing resembling a dancefloor there's not even any good out of the way place to just nurse your drink for a moment and people-watch.Not that there's much worth watching here.Pass.
1	If a promoter gives you and three dude friends "VIP passes" as you're walking by, you should probably just keep walking.Well, once upon a time, I was 21 and inexperienced about Vegas clubs. Look guys, we got VIP passes! No wait or cover! You live and learn.I remember walking in around 1 AM, scoping out the scene, and wondering why this place was so empty. Was there even a DJ playing? I don't recall. Why did everyone look so miserable? Are all Vegas clubs this small?We dipped about 10 minutes later. Vegas has so many awesome clubs. Do yourself a favor and pass on this one.
1	Well my Boyfriend just got kicked out for a peeing in a bathroom stall when they found a "white substance" near him. Wtf? Didn't say anything to me just kicked him out. Go somewhere else.
2	What can I say about this place that does not remind of a rave? Maybe because it was Halloween weekend? Costumes, glow sticks, and just a burst of loud music. The entry was quick. Walked up the steps and then you walk down to the dance floor. It was very crowded. I was bumping into everyone and everything. I accidentally stepped on some guys shoe twice because i was shoved! I was sober the whole time! If i was taller, this would probably be a great dance spot, if you can find room to dance, that is.
2	This is a ghetto club. Our $11 shots came in those small plastic bathoom cups. Seriously? You can't trust your patrons with glasses? The bouncers were pretty nice. Our party got split up and one of them let them in when we caught sight of them. He even waived our GF's cover and knocked ten bucks her husband's cover. Overall though....didn't enjoy myself as much as I wanted. Don't think I'll be coming back.
3	Great music, gets very crowded, but awesome atmosphere. make sure you get there before midnight if you're on the list.
1	This place is a ghetto shoebox.  Got a free wristband while walking around the Luxor (where we stayed) with a girlfriend.  We were too tired during our last night in Vegas to go elsewhere, so we figured it was convenient to go to the club in the same hotel we were staying in.  MISTAAAKE. Stay FAR away -- the open bar was pretty lame and the crowd was old/ghetto.  LAX lets guys in for free before midnight soooo... you can imagine our lack of surprise when we walked in, looked around (you can see the entire club from the entrance) and saw a sausage convention.  Steer clear unless you love the bratwurst.
3	Doors opened early, but not much was happening in the beginning, except waitress girls imitating dancing on elevated surfaces. After those went to attend to the tables, became even quitter. At about 11pm the "decorations" appeared, I mean girls in tubs. At about midnight, the first gogo dancers came up. Strange timing, as the party did not really need encouragement at that point, as it was already so packed that was hard to walk not to say dance. Left before 12am, so do not know if there was more later.
1	I'm not new to nightclubs in Vegas. That being said I believe it to be one of the worst night clubs to go to. I cant really say anything bad about the prices because all clubs are way over priced anyway. You are corralled into a space half the size of a high school jim (if that). 70% of the club is roped off seating to only those who pay 800 dollars. We paid 40 to get in and all 18 of us all agreed to get the hell out. The employee count is also crazy! I've never seen so many un-needed workers in one place before. I had my ID checked 3 different times before entering. The first guy stamped my wrist. The last guy to check my ID stamped my wrist a second time. "Really??"  They act like I'm getting a ride in air force one or something. Now when I envision LAX I see a bunch of employees standing around sniffing their own farts.  This club is lame. Go to "Rain" or the "ghost" MUCH BETTER
3	Not a bad club! I've been here with big groups and just with my guy, and it has been decent both ways. I love the entrance, the red curtains lining the wall behind the DJ booth, and the second story VIP areas and bar. The decor has a bit of a gothic feel, which is awesome! My only complaint is that the music takes a while to pick up and get enjoyable (straight 90's hip hop 'til 11:30 or so, REALLY?), but a lot of clubs seem to be taking that route so that they don't "run out" of new music. Even after that though, the music isn't spectacular. Also, the drinks are super pricey! $13 for a well drink?! Thank goodness I've always had an open bar here.I'll surely be back, or at least until I find something bigger and better ;)
3	Went here on a Sunday. The pictures are deceiving, I expected a larger club for the Luxor and Vegas in general. Considering it was Sunday it was semi-packed, I was just expecting something a little more fun for Vegas. I would say hit this club if you have nothing better planned, for instance on a Sunday. Music was good, however not very loud for a club. Had an okay experience however not sure if I would return.
1	Head bouncer is a complete imbecile. Claimed to have "worked with ID's for years" and used that as justification for denying my entrance because "it didn't look like me". I'm 22 and I took my license picture when I was 16, California doesn't update photos when we renew. He asked me how old I was and my high school graduation year, I gave my honest and correct answers, yet he still denied me. None of his colleagues supported him but all played stupid anyway. I've never been turned away, and even went to 2 clubs after with no problem!! So disappointed for my first night out on this spring break trip. I would give 0 stars if I could. Don't even bother with this place.
2	I was pretty excited to come here.In our hotel, what more convinient way to get drunk and roll into bed?We had free passes and signed up for the guestlist so I walked to the front of the long ass line just to hear  the whole line has passes and is on the guestlist.Wow.About a two hour wait to get in and passes are only good till midnight.I see what game you guys are playing and I'm not having it.The crowd was boushy to say the least, and the music the same that I heard at clubs 10 years ago.With that I was off to the strip club.
1	ratchet. I think that's what sums it up. The music was ok and the drinks were meh. I knew I should have pre-partied harder before I went, but I was giving the place hope. Everyone was packed in there to the point that you had to feel everyone's sweaty body parts to just move from one side of the room to the other. Getting from the bar to the dance floor was incredibly difficult. There was a moment when someone threw a bunch of $1 next to me and a lot of girls just quickly grabbed at the chance to take as much as they can. All I could think of was, why did I agree to come to this place? The only good part of this experience was I got in free and I got free drinks. I'd never come back here.
5	This was the first club I went to in Vegas even before I lived out here and the staff are great! Haven't been back in about 7 months due to travelling so not sure if it's the same girl but I've had the same girl serve our table a few times, pretty sure it's Megan and we love her!
1	Eek! Methinks seriously not. Now am not sure how many people even read reviews for Vegas Nightclubs but for the few who do and the even fewer who will remember the reviews at about 2AM when every instinct in their body screams "lets get f@#*ed up", know this. LAX is a self absorbed, opportunistic, mostly empty, over-priced piece of Vegas trash that you will regret meeting when you wake up sober around 1PM. Skip it! Music is like an Top 20 of 90's Hip Hop, with a sprinkling of early 2000's. What stands out is how LAX they are on upping their game. They figure you are here, gambling and loosing money, why don't we nick a few more quids from your sorry self.
1	Went on a Sunday via my sweet "VIP" passes they handed out all weekend.....  Place was LAME. Not sure what happened but where I was looks only marginally similar inside as the photos here.  SLOW service.  HORRIBLE dj wouldn't let a song play more then 20 seconds then cut into the next mid lyric. Oh, also only 2 bathroom (singles) for male/female in whole place.   NEVER AGAIN
2	This club is small and very crowded. The music is okay. The crowd is not that attractive. The only reason I would go to this club is for open bar or a guest that I REALLY wanted to see, but it's not terrible.
2	We went here on a Thursday night, bleh- I have definitely had better. Don't care to ever go again. Music was good though.
4	Loved the Club beautiful women and the music was ok. I actually liked the stairs although after a couple of drinks it can be a dreadful experience.
1	Lol, you hype it up, said you reserved one of the best tables in the club for us and then proceeded to seat us at the darkest corner of the bar, farthest away from the dance floor, right next to the fire escape door! All for the bargain price of around $700!What a joke! Why does it feel like everywhere you go in Vegas these days, you're constantly getting swindled. No thanks! We left and had a way better time in Vegas with the $700 we didn't spend there.This was the second horrible experience with an establishment within Luxor.
5	One of the nicest staffs of any club in Vegas. James, our host at the door was so nice. Our servers were great as was security.  One recommendation - go on Wednesday rather than the weekend.  It tens to be a little more ghetto on the weekend. Also much better prices on the tables too.Music is great for those who prefer a little older hip-hop (90s-00s).
1	I have no idea why anyone considers coming here I wish I would've read the reviews to this place before coming on my first Vegas trip. It's extremely small compared to all the other clubs you can go to. It's a local club so all the locals come here well at least that's what it seemed like. And it's just not my type of crowd and unless you get bottle service there really isn't any room to dance. It's ghetto at its finest.
2	Last night,hmmmm.... LAX, it was $30 for women and $50 for men, the music was off and on; I guess it was cool because it played house hip hop old and new music, BUT it played MOSTLY old stuff, and the hip hop DJ played more Jay-Z then I ever heard anybody play ever. I like me some Jay-Z but omg are you kidding me, your music line up is 95% Jay-Z!?!?... Unless you have a VIP spot there is nowhere to sit and rest, the little spot i found by the bar, all the workers and security was not having it, they wouldnt let a couple of us sit at all; so make sure you wear flats girls, there was so many in there with flip flops and sandals. We wanted to leave so bad but after paying that much money we had to stay. I would not like to go back to LAX unless I planned on getting a VIP which I most likely wouldn't with that music selection. I expected top 40 like they said but I was thinking top 40 2012/2013 not the 90's/2000, so a thumbs down and a  boooooo!!
3	We were in Vegas on a Wednesday night, and LAX was one of the few nightclubs that we could find that was going to be open.  We got on their VIP list through a local promoter that we typically use with hopes that we would be able to get in for free easily. Although the VIP line seemed to be longer than the general admission line, we got in pretty quickly.  What bugged me about the line was that the door woman at the end of the line was unhelpful and rude.  She gave me an attitude when I asked her the simple question of which line to go in.  I felt like I was bothering her, and I immediately could understand why this place is so poorly rated on Yelp.Once we got inside, I was surprised to see how packed it was for a Wednesday night.  It has a really strange setup with a bar on each side and the packed dance floor in between.  The music selection was not the greatest, and the sound system was okay.  The club just seemed very outdated and due for a renovation and upgrade.The most appealing thing about LAX was that through the promoter that we used to get in ladies got free vodka drinks until 12AM.  I was here with my wife and a female friend, and they were able to repeatedly go back to the bar and get drinks without a hassle.  It made the experience at LAX that much better that we didn't have to spend hoards of money on drinks, and it is the main reason I bumped up my review of LAX to three stars.LAX wouldn't be my first choice of a nightclub to check out when in Las Vegas, but it was an okay experience.  Free drinks definitely lured us in, but I wish they had more to keep us coming back.  If LAX has similar promotions in the future, I wouldn't mind returning.
1	This place is Garbage. We had bought two tables bottle Service the works. Security is a joke, need i say more.  I got the boot for literally saying something about pot, in a joking manor.  Security came lit my cigarette and then escorted me out.Ps. they allow smoking inside etc, if you didnt know alreadyBunch of Gorillaz in there save your money hit the Marquee do something else but the Luxor in my opinion is going downhill.Females = minimum$50 dollar entrance for a sausage fest.  Do like me and role with females.  Youll be treated much better..DONT FREQUENT THIS PLAE THERE SO MUCH BETTER
1	Terrible customer service: bouncer was completely disrespectful to my girlfriend and I. Only giving them one star because I am obliged to leave one at all.
1	Wow this place is horrible, I think the only positive thing was that we didn't have to pay to get in. We got there around 11 pm and waited in the guest list line for about 30 min. The line system is very chaotic as its right next to the slots/restaurants and people from the casino are constantly weaving in and out of the line. When we finally got in, I noticed they were charging $60 to get in....after what we saw inside I felt really sorry for whoever dropped that to get in. Although we tried to use our 2 for 1 pass for the guys in the group (provided by the hotel) the security let us know that they weren't accepting it on holiday weekends even though at check in the desk person said it would be no problem. Once we got inside we were only able to stomach the environment for about 30 min. They pretty much let anybody in...so it was a mixture of people who looked like they just wandered in from the pool and people who were super dressed up. (also...i hate to use this term..but very very ratchet) The music was TERRIBLE! The dj was playing almost every bad song from the 90s and mixing them together. When he happened to play a good song, he played it for about 10 seconds taking it off right when the beat was about to drop. There were several moments where the whole club was actually just standing around. There was also a fight where people ended up splashing water on eachother and had to get escorted out by security...with the dj playing bad boys (of course?) in the background.Again, I'm glad we didn't pay to come in. Our whole group was begging to leave after 10 minutes but we kept holding out hoping the music would get better. I'll never come back.
1	I would give it -10000 stars if i could!! I hate this place!! Girls in high heels....DO NOT GO! the slightest stumble if your shoes hurt your feeet and you will not get in!! Bouncer is an a-hole!!! Came here on a Saturday night,  july 27th, 2013....two days before my bday after my 2 friends and I got scammed by fake promoter....we were on party bus tour and my best friend had someone spill drink on her in the bus...her high heels were slipery so mayb she stumbled a bit holding on to rail by club....bouncer swore she was drunk and dI'd not let her in claiming she was too drunk! I told him don't u see her shoes?? Her feet hurt. He gave me attitude saying "miss u can leave too" of course ima leave u ahole! Thanks for ruining my bday weekend....JUST DONT GO!! They want girls in heels yet they dont know what it is to walk in them...fk ya all!! They are classier places in vegas then this sh*tty place!!
3	Came here for a bachelorette party last Saturday night with my 4 girlfriends. We got there after 10 pm and were able to skip the line and the cover charge (they have a Ladies Line). Once inside we were offered seating in the VIP area which was amazing! They even let us dance up on a platform. Unfortunately, that fairy tale ended when someone actually purchased the table, but it was fun while it lasted. The staff in and around the VIP area were very cool and accommodating even though we hadn't paid to be there. The bartender mixed a nice strong Patron margarita, and I didn't think $14 was too bad a price for that considering Bud Lights were $10. I'll pay the extra $4 and get top shelf liquor, thanks. The DJ played really good music; kind of a top 40/hip hop/dance mash-up. The only thing was, like others have said, he would switch songs too soon and there were a few times the whole club stopped dancing because there wasn't a good beat going. Side note: the music was extremely loud. It took a good hour after we left for my ears to stop ringing. Not a complaint, just a comment.The bouncers outside the VIP area weren't quite so cool, and them waving their little flashlights around got annoying (major power trip). All in all, this was a better club experience than I've had in the past, although that is probably because in the past I've always had guys with me and this time I was with a group of ladies. I might go back if the clubbing mood struck me.
3	Crazy To Spend $50 On Cover, But It's VegasSITREPThe LAX Nightclub is a spot I will hit when I'm in Vegas either when taking a break from Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly madness, when friends are hitting the craps tables, or I just happen to be on this side of the strip.THE SETUPHonestly, who wants to spend $50 on cover (for guys) to dance?  But I put it into perspective:  I may be with a group of friends who are taking this moment of a couple of hours to play craps or Black Jack.  Most of them lose considerably more than a couple hundred dollars in THAT endeavor.  I at least get to dance to some jamming tunes and even meet some really nice people & socialize the rest of the night.So you do the math....DJ EXTRAORDINAIREIt's been fun in the past because my buddy DJ Ernan (originally from Sacramento, and where I'm based now) has done gigs here and when lucky enough to align my schedule with his, he has gotten me guestlist privileges, so that's a plus as well.PHYSICAL PLANTIt's a beautiful dance floor and a nice physical layout of bar-to-dance-floor ratios.  It kind of reminds of the old Barcode club we had in Sacramento before it was demolished (*sigh*).THE LOWDOWNLAX Nightclub is a decent - albeit not my favorite - dance stop in Vegas.  If I can make the cost and timing work for me, then there's a chance I will enjoy myself without breaking the bank.  ;)
1	The only good thing about this club was girls get in free and free vodka drinks until 12:00, however, this seems to be the norm for all clubs in Vegas. Guys why do you stand by and take this? I'm not complaining, because I benefit from it, but isn't this is discrimination? As for the quality of people who frequent this place, I hate to be mean, but it was bad, not an attractive or classy crowd. As for the music, they play each song for about 20 seconds, it makes it hard to get into it and dance to it. We had our free drinks and then left.
4	Was here this past Saturday night for a friends bachelor party.Not sure about all the negative reviews, but we had a blast. We showed up at 11pm. The line was out of control, like Disneyland. It was 8 of us total, all GUYS. Walked up to a promoter, offered us bottle service starting at $350per bottle, which included the $50 cover and we didn't have to wait in line.  Less than $100 per person for 2 bottles(liters) of Grey Goose. We ended up getting some buckets of beer also, still a cost efficient evening.The crowd was great, the service staff was on point and the DJ was playing some hits, I do agree with another reviewer about how the DJ would only play small snippets of songs, not enough time to get into it. but other than that we had a great time.Outside of Vegas I heard nothing but good things about LAX and that is also all I and my group experienced, the place is older but it still has its Vegas magic. Unless your extreme upper class, you have nothing to complain about. I'll be back, thanks LAX.
2	nothing special about this club. it was very crowded when we stopped here on a saturday night. the bouncer let me in for free and gave my boyfriend reduced cover at $20. the normal cover was $50 for guys and $30 for girls since it was after midnight.the music was alright. there wasn't anywhere to rest your feet though. i wore 6.5 inch heels so my feet got sore towards the end of the night and if i tried to lean up against the wall, bouncers would come tell me i couldn't stay there.they must not have a dress code either. there were some really sloppy looking people. i thought it was a requirement to wear heels into vegas night clubs...well beat up old navy flip flops were acceptable here.
3	A generous 3 stars but it's really 2 stars by Vegas standards.LAX is one of the older clubs on the Strip and the decor shows. The sound system isn't that great either. Club layout consists of two floors. Table locations upstairs looks nice, but they are far away from the main dance floor. The main floor is a little on the smaller side, so it gets insanely packed in here.So why would you come here? Bottle service is a little cheaper. Lower minimums and bottle prices, so if you're on a budget but still want to set up bottle service for your occasion, LAX may be a good choice. If you are anti-EDM, this is also a viable option because they play open format/hip-hop. DJ played alot of Drake, 2Chainz, A$AP Rocky, etc.FInal thoughts? I wouldn't pay cover to come in here. Another thing to keep in mind is that the Luxor is a little far away from the central Strip. If I was venturing down at this end, I would rather visit Hakkasan at the MGM or the Light at the Mandalay Bay. If you are looking for a hip-hop only club, you have better choices with Pure, Moon, Haze, and 1OAK.
1	Dance floor in the middle of the walkway is a pretty big flaw. Dance floor was bad all night. And try are extremely strict on girls drinks. I couldn't even hold my girlfriends in while she went to the bathroom because it was in a pink cup specifically for girls. Got yelled at by two people while holding the drink for a few minutes. We got in for free, and still felt as if we paid too much for this place.
1	DO NOT COME HERE. This place does not know how to treat money spending VIPs. Their security staff, because they probably can't afford bottles, are trained to kick you out for no apparent reason. The douchebag security manager Gabriel gives me some lame excuse that we invited too many girls back to our table and we were warned about it. First off, who ever heard of a club that won't allow a table full of guys to invite girls to their table? And second, we had kicked all of them out at the time of me getting vacated out. And third, we weren't warned about it anyway. Most unprofessional set of security guards I've ever run across and it starts at the top. Sorry to tell our host Jose this, but LAX, Chateau, Pure, and any other spot run by Angel Management Group will not see another dollar from my group.
5	LAX Night Club has always been good to us. My husbands friends from NY and from worked really enjoyed partying here. We got a bottle service and our table was in a perfect spot. From the person who checked our IDs to the waitress that gave us our bottles everyone was awesome. I don't care about the negative reviews on here all I know is my husbands friends will always remember LAX Nightclub. Thank you to our VIP Host Paulo he helped us through everything and even check up on us.
4	I went here on a Friday night. Music was 1 of the best DJ's. I hate techno and lame no beat dancing tunes, but this DJ was mixing it up and I was getting my grove on. (Hopefully people still say that). Me and a group of friends got a table it was $1000  but came with 2 bottles that weren't very big and 3 juices but what can I say it's Vegas. And if you are a smoker you can smoke at your table and not have to go to the smoking area which I thought was convenient. As the night proceeded they brought out a star wars theme people but not quite sure why and they were handing out foam glow sticks with was fun. Not like California the club shut down at 4:00 am enough time to party. Overall a great night and a great club.
3	Been here twice and I guess both times I've had a blast - since I could never remember actually getting back to my hotel room! The music played is pretty good - but I like old school hip hop and the drinks are good. Just don't fall for that "girls drink free until whatever time" unless you like drinking cheap nasty vodka until whatever time.
1	Never going back when I visit Vegas. They take your money then find a reason to kick you out because of capacity. Beware!
3	I actually really liked LAX, stop two on our "club crawl" with a tour company.  We were there only an hour and ended up not even buying a drink since we had drinks on the way, what I liked about this place was the multi-level and the dance floor was the largest of the three clubs we hit that night.  I didn't feel as smooshed.  Still no sitting unless you buy a table, but although we did not buy one, my understanding is you can get bottles/tables a little cheaper here than the newer "fancier" clubs.As for the music and the people, I pretty much thought it was exactly the same as what I had just seen & heard at 1OAK.  We danced until they said it was time for us to leave and had a good time here.  If I want to hit a club when I'm back in Vegas, I'm likely to return here.
4	PROS: - Great music if you're into hip-hop- Jabbawockeez!!- Darth Vader and Stormtrooper dancing to the Harlem Shake- Ladies free before midnight, free drinks until midnight (use a promoter)CONS:- $50 cover for guys, $30 cover for gals (after midnight)- People think you partied at the airport
5	Well we went on a Wed night. Line was long but was in pretty quick. (About 20min) Had a complimentary pass for 2 the casino gave us. Walked right in no problem paid nothing. Was told could buy a wristband for $60 and was good for open bar from 10:30-12:30. Said only I had to buy it and could keep going up to get both our drinks for free. So we did it and again no problems. I made sure to tip every time we got a drink. Our bartender "Jo" was great! She took care of us and we had a great time. Only thing was no where to sit except to buy a table for $300. Other than that great place!
1	Terrible!
4	I liked LAX a lot. It was the first stop on our "club hop" (check out that review for Club Viva Las Vegas Party Bus/Club Crawl). The atmosphere is great. The DJ was absolutely great. There is more space than any of the other clubs I went to. As with all Vegas clubs, there is no seating unless you purchase it so my BIGGEST advice to the ladies is to bring flats with you! You need heels to get in BUT once you are in - they seriously don't care.
1	This is probably the worst nightclub on the Strip. I came here on a Thursday night, and the place was EMPTY!!! The music was pretty bad as well. The club is also super duper small, and even though there weren't too many people, it made me feel extremely claustrophobic! Never coming back here again for sure!
1	OMG I f'n hate this place! But for some ridiculous reason always end up back here because it's the official after party of this or that. Even with VIP, everything free I still hate it. Bad set up which makes it hard to move anywhere or go get drinks, smells, bad vibe. I wish to avoid this club at all costs! So many better places on the strip.
4	The LAX is in the Luxor and I came on a Saturday night. This place got packed by 11:30, holy s****! That is the earliest I have ever seen a place get completely packed, absolutely amazing, and it opened at 10:30, which means it only took 1 hour to get poppin! The LAX is completely indoor so there is no outdoor seating or any free seating for that matter. The lighting is actually really bad, it's ridiculously dark so you can hardly make out any faces. Good luck "finding" a good looking person to dance with, might have to be doing some guess-n-checks. The dance floor itself was really big and nice, I also loved how the DJ was seated high above everyone so you could easily see them. The staff was super friendly and nice and was always helpful and would answer my endless questions always with a smile! :)There is also guess what... COAT CHECK...whaaat. I've been to a lot of clubs and this is the first one with a proper coat check, oh maaan! That was nice. All clubs need this, it's so convenient especially in the Winter. I had a vodka and cranberry with the house vodka which did not settle well so I don't recommend their house liquors, I thought a high end club would have high end house drinks but owell. Live and learn. The bathroom was very clean and beautiful. I loved the strong lighting and long mirrors so I could fix myself and it was even bright enough to fix my makeup.The decor was gorgeous. Mainly dark, romantic, and gothic - the large curtains, the black railings, and red couches were all very stunning. The DJ definitely did very well, he mixed smoothly and played some old school hip hop as well as modern. Nice mixing all around. The crowd was definitely in their early twenties to late thirties, not a lot of people younger. Oh and entering  and leaving is beautiful, you go down a large stairway which curves into the dance floor, as if you're going to a ball or something rather important, really nice.And btw, if you want to get on the guest list of LAX go here: http://angelmg.com/guestlist/On there you can also get on the guest list for Pure, Savile Row, Venus Pool Club, Wet Republic, Chateau, ANNNNND Hakkasan Nightclub what WHAAT. Use but don't abuse. And be safe people.
3	LAX is OK. We've been a few times, & didn't need to wait in line or pay the cover..grateful to someone for that. Also, I'm not sure I'm willing to pay $30 to get into a club (reviewer Mai K. points out that this is the 'after midnight' cover charge for the ladies).My first time at LAX was Nicky Hilton's bday party in 2007, & everyone was talking about the Hilton sisters back then. Naturally, everyone assumed that Paris would be there, & so the place was a sardine can. I remember asking 1 of the bouncers if Paris was in there. He said, "I think I just saw her walk right back in". I believed him 100%. I remember seeing maybe a few blonds in the VIP section - either everyone wanted to look like Paris back then, or a few of them were hired/invited to be mistaken for Paris. Nobody can really tell in a dark club, & we never saw Paris/Nicky that night. I dunno, maybe we came in late.The VIP area, if I'm not mistaken, is the stage/area surrounding the stage. There are reserved seats near the back & on the upper level, & there are people making sure random people don't sit here. I'm not sure how much it costs to reserve these seats, but it's a "b" to be wearing clubbing shoes & not be able to sit down anywhere. It is what it is. I went back a couple of times in 2011 to see some group - can't even remember their name - but I missed them. LAX was basically the same. If anything, it seemed tired, dirty, & didn't look like they'd bothered updating anything since 2007.PS I doubt you'd remember, but just wanna set the record straight & maybe reverse any issues you might've developed...lol.... To the guy that walked over & tried to chat me up in 2011, I didn't mean to be rude/a "b". My feet just really hurt. Sorry :) Also I thought you were too cute for me, so I was a little suspicious. Hehe.
3	I have to agree with everyone that this nightclub is going to be disappointing in comparison to the others in Las Vegas on the strip. However, if you do it right, you'll have some fun. The cover for ladies is free before midnight. This place gets packed FAST and it's probably because the dance floor is tiny because the table service gets a lot of room which I am guessing is about 85% of the place and it was a Friday when I went. And since it gets pretty crowded, it can be annoying getting from point A to point B without bumping into someone or getting bumped. It is also VERY dark when it comes to lighting. Drinks are pretty pricey and can attack your wallet/account, not sure about cover for guys and girls, but there is a way to avoid this, and that way is to buy a VIP pass online for $50 which let's you in earlier/cuts the line, admission included AND an open bar from 10:30-12:30; so obviously come early if you want free drinks without paying taxes. I recommend drinking at least 3 to get your entire VIP pass worth it. Sometimes the drinks are STRONG and then there are times when they're enjoyable. The bartenders were pretty friendly, no complaints.The music was predominately hip hop ranging from 90s-today with a little bit of EDM which is a little different than majority of the strip. Sometimes the mashups between songs were horrible but then there were the good ones.I had a great time since I took advantage of the online deal and you might too if you do the same because paying a high price for drinks *cough* Hakkasan *cough* can be depressing for poor college kids like myself haha.So why three stars? Because it's not quite up to par with the rest of the strip's nightclubs but the VIP ticket was a money saver plus I was kicked out of the club for dancing all crazy with friends (pretty much our group was getting low and sometimes all fours), instead I was just told by a laughing security guard that all of us needed to calm down haha
5	I am so exited
3	I have been here a couple times. Its a basic club. No big frills like the other vegas clubs. They play hip hop which i love. The club is kinda on the small side. So it stays packed. But I had fun. Good music. Normal vegas price drinks. Friendly bartenders Good decor.
4	LAX pleases me. Because...HIP HOP.I get why people don't like it. It's not very poppin and it's not very new. It's inside the Luxor... like, what do you want. It was exactly what we were looking for though.If you want to fist pump all night and jump around, they don't play house music. Go pretty much anywhere else to listen to that mess.If you wanna get low, make it jiggle, and back it up and dump it, like I like to do, this will suit you juuust fine. Sure, the doorman was sort of a dick and the bartender woman was a total yayotch (I don't remember her name) and the "ladies free drink till midnight special" is: well vodka, mixed with anything but redbull. Pretty much you can mix it with cranberry. Vodka crans are so gross. But they were free, and I did partake. If the clock barely turns 12:01 and you have not taken advantage of the last free drink you can get, you will get no more. I tried it. They are very protective of their well vodka. I think I paid... $40 for 2 vodka crans and a Michelob.Oh well. We had a damn good time dancing. And I will be back. I'll say it one more time. HIP HOP. It'll bring me back every time.
3	Small. Bouncer at bathroom was rude. Tiny dancing area. Won't be coming back to this one.
3	My boyfriend and I hit this place up on a Thursday night. Luckily we scored free VIP passes so there was no cover charge. The decor is pretty cool - it's like luxe dark Egyptian glamour. Only the bottom floor was open so it wasn't very big. Just the bar area and dance floor with private tables, a small circular room with a few loveseats, tables and a cool chandelier in the back, as well as a long hallway to the bathroom behind that. There were free drinks for girls with the wristband until midnight so I took advantage of that. The DJ was spinning the generic hip-hop/top 40/house blend. It was pretty early so only a group of tipsy girls were on the dancefloor. Overall I thought it was a cute little place; a great intimate setting for a group of friends or a private party.
1	Very lame. Overpriced for the hotel it's located in. The bouncers don't accept MLife platinum cards for VIP access. The bouncer actually pulled out his MLife Gold card showed it to us and said "ya I have one too. so what" Reflects poorly on MGM Resorts and makes you want to gamble at Wynn or another non MGM resort. What is the point of MLife if your own nightclubs don't respect the card/program or the customer?
2	Thanks but no thanks.My gf and I were in Vegas last weekend for a fun girls trip. We decided to go to LAX on Saturday night because the hotel gave us passes to get in free before midnight. We got there about 10:30pm, got in free and got free vodka drinks until midnight. It wasn't nasty well vodka either, it was Skyy vodka. So that was a pretty good deal. The dance floor was small and awkward, like a hallway between all the VIP booths. I feel like if more people can fit into the VIP area than the "regular people" area, that's not very VIP. The music was pretty 90's but good 90's so whatever. So my friend and I are dancing and having a good time when out of nowhere a bouncer pulls me out and asks for my ID. The only thing I could think was that maybe he didn't think I was 21? So he keeps my ID and tells me to follow him and then I thought maybe he thinks my ID is fake? Luckily my friend followed me and then suddenly were out in the front of the club and I realized they were kicking me out! The bouncer said I was being kicked out for "swaying" too much. Now, I know I'm a white girl, but I was trying to dance, and apparently "swaying" is inappropriate dancing? I started laughing and joking with my friend about how dumb they were being and how I was clearly not too drunk to be in their precious club. (And I know this because I remember everything that happened. If I were too drunk, I feel there'd be fuzzy details.) There were also 2 cops standing right there laughing along with me so obviously they didn't think my level of inebriation was something to be concerned about. They gave me back my ID and we walked back to our room, making sure to tell everyone we met along the way that this club sucks. In conclusion, I would never go back here. BUT if you're a girl you get in free and get free Skyy vodka drinks before midnight so that's pretty cool. Just make sure you don't "sway" on the dancefloor!! Swaying is not allowed here!!
1	Over packed and over priced. Don't expect the laid back Vegas experience you were hoping for. Poor lay out created bottlenecks of people and a warmer than normal climate made it miserable out on the floor. I recommend finding another location for the night.
2	If this club was in any midwest city, it would be the greatest thing since the corn sheller. This day and age in LV, not so much. Your options for a unforgettable night out experience can be found at other clubs.While I agree with all the negative statements from other Yelpers, I do believe this can be a good time for someone wanting to hit up a night club. If you are staying at the Luxor or Excalibur, there are two free passes in their coupon booklet as long as you are in by midnight. Also, I'd recommend still getting on the guest list so you'd be able to get in the "faster" line.Untzzz... Untzzz... Untzzz...
1	Guys!!! Don't waste your time. The bouncers crawl the place waiting for a misstep to kick you out. My cover was $60 on a Friday night. They escorted me out and told me I looked intoxicated (FYI: I don't drink). When I asked the manager if I looked or sounded intoxicated, he went silent. I then told him I wanted my money back and he completely ignored me, turned his back and called for the rent-a-cops to escort me out. I obliged and now I'm here giving you my feedback. There are way too many fun places on the strip to spend your time and money. Avoid this place at all costs.Cheers. P.S. This place was full of dudes.
3	Last night was my first time going here and it was pretty nice. They have about 4 separate lines for entrance, but they moved pretty quickly. We were on a VIP list and got in free. The inside is dark so be cautious walking up and down the stairs to enter and exit the club. Ladies get free vodka drinks until midnight. So if you care for drinks, this is a good deal for you. I loved the music!! 90% hip hop and the DJ mixes it up well. It could just be me, but I don't like the fact that the security guards just watch you like a hawk. It's pretty dark in there, but you can still manage to see who's watching you. They could manage to move the VIP ropes back some more on both sides. This would create more dance floor room for all the people crammed there. There is also no where to sit unless you buy bottles. So if standing is an issue to you, bypass this one. We saw a lady with her shoes off. Poor thing!! As dark as it is in there, one of the a-hole bouncers shined his light on her and told her she had to put them back on. Oh yeah, since you're enclosed in the building,  it can get kind of hot... So bring a sweat tag and wear lots of deodorant!! Another thing I didn't really care for was the smoking. It's do-able, but not something I care for. Overall, we would probably try it out again.
2	Eh. It's okay.Like most clubs in Vegas, the entry line moves at a snails pace and the bouncers with big muscles and bigger egos usher you in with a careful eye and that silly clipboard. I saw a guy get kicked out of line for wearing sneakers, but once inside I found that more than half of the girls were wearing flip flops so I'm thoroughly confused about the dress code. Since when did it become acceptable to wear flip flops to da club?It's a scene, but all night clubs in Vegas are. The dance floor is a bit too small and in an awkward location. There is a pathway where a constant flow of people were interrupting my sweet moves. The Saturday night DJ was just okay. He played a pretty good array of music but the mix was choppy and had more than a couple awkward pauses. For guys staying at Luxor or Excalibur, there is a coupon in the booklet given at check-in for two people to get in free to LAX before midnight. This is sweet since the cover charge for guys is $30 or more each usually. Get in line by at least 11 p.m. to make it in before midnight though. Snails pace, remember? Especially if you're just regular folk. ;)Ladies, you should always get in free and you can drink of free until midnight usually. There is also a ladies line so you don't have to wait as long.
1	BEWARE!!! I wish I had read the reviews on this place before we went here on last Thursday night. My husband and I own a restaurant and we don't get out but twice a year let alone a vacation away from our kids. It was our first night in vegas and wanted to go dance and have a good time someone told us about this place. We got in and paid $120 for both with drinks till midnight. We were there for 1 and a half and the bouncer came up to me asked for my ID and then told me to follow him out and told me that I was to intoxicated and I was allowed back in. I was appalled this is fucking vegas. Yeah I had a couple drinks but I wasn't drunk. We told the manager that we paid good money to get into this place and you kicked us out. He then responded and said I don't care what you paid we have people spending 20 grand in a night.LAX MO:They take your money then kick you out. Let more people in and probably kick them out to. Good way to keep making money sounds really ethical.BEWARE WATCH YOUR BACKS!!!!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME
1	Booooooooooooooooooooooooooo.Don't. Bother.Trust the Yelpers on this one. Trust us. Seriously. Or you'll be sorry.This place is wickity wickity wackness. My boyfriend and I only decided to show up here because we were staying at Excalibur and were given a "free admission for two before 12 am." coupon. We showed up at 12, but had to wait in a line and didn't get in until 12:15. Okay, so I was hoping they would honor the coupon anyway, but figured they would at least give us some kind of discounted rate. Well, the woman working the "cash box" or whatever it is just looked at us and said, "no, i'm not taking those anymore and it's $90 for the both of you. $60 for him, $30 for you."WHAT?!!!!!I have been to and partied in Vegas a myriad of times and never, NEVER has some club, especially of the likes of LAfreakingX had the audacity to charge such outrageous prices for entrance. I stopped my boyfriend from handing over his credit card, asked her to repeat herself, responded with, "hell to the no," performed an About Face and started to make our way out. One of the bouncer/security guard dudes caught my reaction and our attempt to leave and stopped us trying to figure out why we were so disgusted. In hopes to keep our business, he offered to slash the cost in half. Just like that. In a snap, from $90 to $45. In retrospect, any place that obviously inflates their admission like that shouldn't have received any of our business, but since we were there already, we decided to take the offer.Mistake. Underwhelmed. The dance floor is small and ridiculously cramped. The club does offer some space, but the majority of it was roped off for "VIP" or "Bottle Service" that no one seemed to take advantage of. Probably because this place sucks major bolas. So you have a super cramped dance floor, and empty space you can't even use. Drink prices were ridiculous. $28 for two drinks. What kind of crack are they smoking? I may have been able to overlook all of this if the one key factor in a great club existed: Great Music. Negative on this as well. The music here was hours of the same Auto-Tuned hip hop crap that sounds like one constant stream of yuckiness. There were the occasional Biggie or Jay-Z hits sprinkled in. Enough for me to shake it for a minute or two, but then back to the same old crap. It's funny how much more your feet hurt in heels when you're busy not having a good time or not enjoying the music.We will never ever return to this place. And I urge you Yelpers to stay away. Even if the entrance is free for you, there are so many better places to spend your time.
3	Despite the fact that LAX isn't high on my pecking order, I have had some good nights here.On the most recent trip, showed up wasted with some buddies. Promoter guy pointed me to the "general admission" line. I went to the restroom, came back, and cut in the guestlist line. Left again, came back, and cut again to the staging area (which isn't even a line) in front of the door. We told the bouncers we were with the group of Mexican guys ahead of us (they barely spoke English). After we go inside, a mix up ensued and somehow we all ended up not having to pay. Probably a communication breakdown, half-truths told, and a little can-do attitude. Like 10 ugly dudes getting in for free, how about that. Once inside the club, I downed a drink, then left immediately again to gamble some more. The only fun part was getting in.
1	Worst club I've ever been to. If it wasn't for the fact that it's free for ladies before midnight and I wouldn't have bothered. The staff is rude. And seems like there is no dress code. We saw people in flip flops...so tacky. They probably just found random people in the casino and got them to go to the club so it could get packed. The DJ played old music and probably has ADD because he kept changing the song every few minutes.
5	The venue is small is my only complaint. Otherwise it was great. Music was good minus techno thrown in. People were friendly. Bartenders great. I was pleasantly surprised especially reading other reviews.
2	Glad we got in free. We should have read the yelp reviews before we decided to hit this place up. The free drinks sucked. There was no vodka in my vodka cran. Seriously... none. The dance floor was small. The decor was non-existent. There are too many good clubs on The Strip to waste your time with this one.
1	We booked a room at the Luxor and they gave us free tickets to attend the club. This nightclub is whack and probably one of the worse clubs in Vegas.The layout of the club is like a hallway and there are people shoved together in it. It's uncomfortable and totally cramped feeling.Was not a fun experience and will never go back there again.
1	Went here on a Thursday night looking for a good dance floor. The club was small, extremely dark, annoyingly crowded and just bad music. Much better places to go on the Strip that are more conducive for a dance and good time
1	LAX is one of the worst places I have ever been. My wife and I and some friends of ours planed a party bus which included 4 clubs. The night started great and everyone was having a great time until we hit this dark, overcrowded hell hole. I had to use the restroom so I was the first in, and after emerging back into the packed hallway--BOOM! Flash light in my face with a bouncer pushing me out the door. After explaining myself to the door man he let me in with a free drink coupon. I proceeded up the stairs to find another bouncer pushing me out.Now by this point I just wanted to find my wife and leave so I nicely asked if someone could just walk me in so I could find the people I came with due to having no service, and when I call my wife she sounds like she is not doing well, and I'm starting to panic. I found myself staring at a morbidly obese man with his mouth open and no expression on his face.  Long story short I find my wife crying and find that the crap bag at the door didn't let half the people I'm with in and that he was extremely rude and unprofessional. I don't recommend this place; it's overpriced and filled with over entitled bouncers who don't know how to treat their paying customers with an ounce of respect.  It's safe to say that LAX ruined our night.  Stay away at all costs.
3	LAX is definitely the after hours spot for the ratchets. This was our final stop on the VIP UNLTD club crawl (see review), and overall I had a really good time here. The music was the best part of it, playing nothing but hip-hop, pop, and top 40 radio hits. I'm definitely an anti-EDM type of girl so LAX was winning with the music for me.The appearance of the place isn't the best, though. It's obviously an older establishment. The dance floor is pretty small, and was really slippery from people spilling their drinks, so ladies, be careful. There were also some, er, INTERESTING patrons at this venue. There was a couple getting a little too crazy on the dance floor with their bumping and grinding so they got the boot from the bouncers. We also saw a couple of "gangster" looking guys that were giving the bouncers a hard time, and we also noticed that there wasn't much of a dress code. The VIP on the upper level looked OK, and had a few people there but the lower level VIP was a ghost-town. I'd come here for the music for the most part, and I doubt I would ever pay any sort of cover to get inside this club. 3 stars.
2	This is an aptly named nightclub considering LAX is one of the most obnoxious airports to fly through, and yet everyone and their mom flies to LAX. It's a fitting analogy....Totally overcrowded, terrible music, even worse sound system, decor is nothing interesting, and the bar set-up is poor. At least I didn't have to pay to get in...
1	I will never go back & it was free. They even have a ladies only line which is obviously a desperate attempt to get anything that resembles a woman to come in. & I mean anything. Another yelper used the word Ratchet, & I couldn't say it better. Super rude bouncers. I was told I was over intoxicated after I had a rude group of people have a dude in their group start posing for pictures with me. I asked them to leave me alone & the chick flashed her camera in my face. When the bouncer came over, I was the one escorted out. Those rude group of Brits were bothering me, I wanted nothing to do with them. It's a totally run down club anyway, so they did me a favor because I ended up winning on roulette. Wasn't too over intoxicated to win! Actually the Luxor needs a complete upgrade. My pyramid suite sucked & needed some repairs and a deep cleaning. I know the owners have 16 Vegas properties and maybe they should take some of that money and invest in this place. Luxor is no longer the casino it use to be. LAX is one of the many reasons why.
3	This is considered to be an exclusive nightclub... so I hear. I've been here a few times with no problems getting in, but I must say that it's definitely overrated. The atmosphere and layout is nice, prices well it's a Vegas club so don't complain. Dress nice, bring money, and dance away. The club has a dj and it reminds me of every other club... nice dressed folks, over priced short poured drinks, good music, lively crowd, nothing special. They definitely need to control crowd capacity because the place will turn into a can of sardines, pretty sure it violates a fire safety code. If you're one of those star struck people or paparazzi photo snappers, this place usually has a celebrity or two partying in the stage area which overlooks the dance floor, you can't miss them.
3	VIP line was a plus, but the dance floor was WAY overcrowded. Drinks average $12. The mix of clubbers ranged from 21-70's. A little awkward dancing next to a 75 year old grinding on his lady then trying to grind you, but I can't blame him for having fun. Everyone loves Vegas. And good for him for trying to stay young. Decent music. Not much upbeat music but when he finally played some, the floor packed up. From rope to rope & bar to bar. So much I couldn't move. When we left he finally cranked the really good beats, maybe 20 seconds of each song. Slightly annoying to get into the groove & them change the song. DJ needed a little mixing work.
5	LAX Nightclub is in fact the best memory I have from my weekend getaway. Granted, I was in Las Vegas for a little over the weekend, with all the things I crammed into those 4 days; the most memorable was definitely the memories I gathered in this club. Granted, this club was the first club I ever went to and I got in for free with a "girl bracelet" so that was definitely a giant bonus for me. On top of this, free drinks!? I ended up with a booth and bottle service. To be honest, I was really skeptical at first because it was really intimidating at first; the red lights, the rope that separated the VIP section from the dance floor and the bouncers. At the side of the booths, the workers were super friendly, really catered to their customers and inviting.After drinks were brought to me, I found myself at the awkward level where I didn't really know what to do. But as soon as the music started playing, things were going on really well. This is really the haven for 90s babies, the in-house DJ mixes the music really well and the nostalgia flows directly into you.The booths are super comfy, workers are super friendly and cleanliness is at the top of their list. The moment a drink is spilled, a guy comes sashaying by to clean it up. The bathroom here is super clean, as well. On top of that, while it's super dark, the bouncers and such are so kind they use the flashlights to shine the way for you without taking away from the ambience of the club. It's super loud but not because of the people, it's really the music -it flows through the entire club collectively. People do not leave the dance floor because this club is that amazing. They know exactly what music to play to the point where this club is packed even before they open all the way to last call and even close.
3	This was much smaller than I anticipated. There wasn't much room to dance which is one of my favorite things to do. Drinks were expensive but I've learned to expect that from nightclubs. If I had had to pay for this experience I would have been much less happier than I was.
1	Horrible club. Horrible layout. Dance floor is small and overcrowded. Hip hop planned ALL night. Gross! Good thing my party and I got in free. We left just after being there for one hour. Found a lounge at the mandalay bay hotel that was 100%  better. Next time my time will not be wasted at LAX that's for damn sure.
1	Got comp entrance through MyVegas on Facebook.  Night started out great, free drinks for ladies till midnight.  But between midnight and one, the club got so crowded it was difficult to move.  One of my friends that I was with wanted to go into the restroom to change into her flats because her knee was starting to complain.  So we started making our way to the restroom, stumbling and being jostled from all directions.  We were stopped by security and told to follow them out of the club.  They proceeded to humiliate my friend by accusing her of causing a disturbance because she was drunk.  my friend was tipsy, but not toasted and we were being pushed by all sides.  I was stone sober and even I was having difficulty staying standing.  Even after explaining that she just needed to change into the emergency flats that she brought, they refused to let us return to the club.  Needless to say, we will not be returning to this venue and I highly recommend going to another nightclub.
3	Went to LAX this past weekend and first thing I gotta say is it was crowded AF! There was not a lot of room on the dance floor! It had a lot of good Hip Hop music (which I love) but some hip hop songs are definitely not good to dance to which makes it kind of awkward on the dance floor. But I can't really complain since I got in for free with a voucher my hotel gave me! It was a good experience overall though!
2	I guess I must be old school but when I go to a club I go to dance, not to pay a ridiculous amount of money to sit in 'VIP', get bottle service, and dance around my table with the same people I came to the club with.  So I gave this place two stars for those who want to feel special and get a table.  You can stop reading this review and go to this place if that's what you're looking for.  If you want to dance, here's the 411.  We stayed at the Mandalay Bay and were looking for a Hip Hop club.  There wasn't one there so we heard Luxor had one.  The music sounded good from the outside so I didn't mind paying $50 for me and $30 for the wife to get in.  But once we got in I realized I made a mistake.  I guess it's because I'm a Californian but I would like to think I know what a good club is and this isn't one.  The main floor is roped off to give those who pay for a table 10 extra feet of room while leaving the cheapies (like me) with no room to dance.  This left a very narrow path down the middle of the club which is meant to serve as the minuscule dance floor and walkway.  The layout could be more conducive to dancing but since this club wants to focus on bottle service don't bother coming here if you just want to dance.  And the music: what I thought was good hip hop on the outside turned out to be poorly mixed music.  The DJ kept having a lull from one song to the next leaving an awkward pause between tracks.  This caused the crowd to stand around in between songs because he couldn't mix the music correctly.  Anyways... If you want to pay extra money to make yourself feel special then come here.  If you are trying to bump and grind find another spot and save yourself the money.
1	We have never been so humiliated like we were today!!! We spent over 1000.00 dollars and we were asked to leave. Many others who were disruptive, and causing more caos were not escorted out.  We will never return!!!
1	It was great news when a promoter told us that we could get in for free and get free drinks till midnight (for women only). The music was great, the crowd kind of average (older than we hoped for) but fun anyway and all was going great till a chubby bouncer asked my friend for her id only because we were accidentally walking near the VIP area, and he decided to kick her out for "intoxication" when there were plenty of people way more intoxicated than her, so it makes me doubt his motive.  I will for sure, next time I come to vegas, go to a classier club than this one.
1	Was here for a wedding party. Was getting ready to go inside and had had my bags checked and was told to throw out my prescription IB or take to room. I can not throw away my prescription. I was not staying there to put in room. Asked what I was to do. They said to go take to bell hop. Walked to bell hop they said we can not take your medication.  So had to go to my car which was down the strip to put medication in car. Make sure you check you purse for medications before going to this place or won't be allowed in. I was dry disappointed with this place and I will not go back because of this
2	We stopped here as part of a nightclub tour. We arrived around 11:15 and I can't comment on getting in because our party was brought right in. The atmosphere is pretty standard club: thumping loud music, bodies everywhere. There was a circle around a speaker where no one was standing, and when we moved into that spot we realized why. My ear drums almost burst standing that close. I'm not sure whose idea it was to put a speaker on the floor, but it wasn't a very good decision.The music was a mix of Top 40 and EDM stuff I didn't really recognize, but it was plenty danceable.I was offput but the smoke smell.Thankfully they were giving us free water at the bar and the bartender was all over it. She helped us every time immediately, unlike most of the places we went to.We were able to find a spot a little off the large crowded dance floor to dance where we weren't really bothered much.
1	Let me start by saying this club is small as fuck ...just picture yourself and 10 of your best friends trying to turn up in a closet with a strobe light on...who in there right mind designed the floor plan of this fuckery of an establishment ...the bouncers act like they're top flight security (of the world Craig) the music is terrible I felt like I stepped into a time machine circa 99-00 ...don't waste your time on this club will definitely not be returning thank god I didn't pay a cover charge
2	Came here for my birthday party in the middle of August and the only reason why we came here was because they would allow our party to bring in uneven numbers (more men than women) whereas most clubs wont.  For that, I can appreciate them, and gave them the extra star.The staff working the door were rude for no good reason and couldn't care less whether people had been there before or not (hello, you're on the strip and my guess is that 90% of your visitor are from out of town and non-regular).  ANYWAYS, get inside and girls get free vodka drinks until 12- for this, I was also thankful.I got guestlist in advance (Google it and you can find a million promoters that offer this) and that part of the entry was pretty easy.  Women were free and men had to pay $10 and have no free drinks (but it's Vegas, so no one bitched about it, really).Now, for the club itself- it is SMALL. I get that they want to push bottle service- but when they can't fill up those areas it makes NO sense to have them still roped off plus an extra 10ft all around as well- there was literally more roped off empty space than there was space for regular patrons to walk and dance.  There was 9 in my group and it was hard to even hang out with each other because of the traffic. Security is also really low inside the club, everyone looks angry, some dude had a random nosebleed and was spilling his filth everywhere and my friend got mauled on her way to the bathroom and no one was there to offer any kind of protection.Never again, me thinks.
3	LAX LAX.... well i have been here a few times this past year & I thought it was about time I shared my experiences... I went last year for my birthday, we had a table with 2 bottle of vodka & 1 bottle of champagne. We were on the main floor, perfect location to be apart of the ratchetness, but leave when it was TOO much. This experience was AMAZING. The bouncers where fun & exciting we even met a few guys a few tables over  and became the LIIFE of the party so we thought... THE music was great TOP 40 & HIP HOP so it was perfect.IF ONE THING LAX does right its the MUSIC!! Thats why I come here...Recently, I came and had a table for my sisters birthday. They tried to put us on the balcony for $700 dollars, I dont have an issue with paying but its LAX and I paid 500 for my previous experience. I convinced them to move us down, but it just wasn't a great night at LAX. The people were a little difference, drinks were a little off, and the bouncers were RUDE.. After that experience, I said I would NEVER go back to LAX- but we DID.. the MUSIC it gets you, but this time NO TABLE...BAD IDEA.. the dance floor was crazy packed, drinks were watered down & the people just OFF that day.. the ONE take away is LAX has the BEST music if youre into hip hop, R&B and dancing the night away, you just need to decide if its worth it...My birthday is in 3 weeks... LAX will I give you ONE last chance?
1	The worst nightclub I've ever been to...I was wearing a cap which I had to take off (not a big deal) and I had to check it into the wardrobe for 5$!!! Why? They disn't let me clip it to my belt (I guess because its very dangerous *rolling eyes*).The security was rude, the drinks very expensive and not wealthy! The bass was way too loud and the dancefloor was literaly one small floor between lounges.Thankfulky I was there with a club crawl, if I'd have paid any entrance I may have shot myself in the head...I don't recommend that club to anyone, I myself will never go there again!
4	This club plays the best music we have experienced in Vegas so far. We are from Nor Cal and they played a lot of our local music and other good Hip Hop and EDM Trap stuff. We were part of a club crawl party bus and we followed our hosts instructions on how to dress. We were all dressed to impress and we got in without a problem. Free cover and no waiting in line for us. One of the bouncers complimented me on my boots and neck tie as we walked past others waiting in line and that made me feel like a BOSS!. It was pretty packed but this is one of the popular clubs in Vegas since they always give out Free cover passes so expect it to be packed on a good night. Im 6'4" and a big dude and people usually tend to stay out of my way anyways so we didnt have trouble getting around or finding room on the dance floor for our group :-D  Good music, good looking people of all ages, got in without any problems.
3	Want to see some very drunk people doing things they will regret in the morning?? come to LAX and get a VIP spot up top... (We didn't have to pay for it) It was slightly entertaining and gross all at the same time. Music was OK... nothing to rave about. The bouncer was trying to get us to pay a ton of money to get in during a bachelorette party.... glad we didnt pay cause some guy offered us to his booth (free entry) obvious he is a local drug dealer there.... in vegas haha... thats the kinda club this was. wasnt horrible but i would have perfered somewhere else but we were recomended here.
1	What a joke!! This ridiculous club full of fugly looking 40+ y.o's tried charging my wife and I $70 to get in to see some no name dj who plays there twice a week! Guess what! For $50 we went to Drais to see Arty so why would I ever pay $70 to go to a club that can't hold a crowd and frankly is bottom of the barrel for Vegas clubs. Do yourself a favor and go to XS or Drais! You'll get 10x the experience for less money AND the people working the front are actually polite and accommodating. Won't being going back to LAX.
1	There were promoters handing out free passes to this club @ the line for the "Thunder From Down Unde" Show. My daughter and I did not get any. At first I was offended, but , then I noticed only the most un-attractive and the worst-dressed women were handed the free passes.  I'm not exaggerating--I'm talking about senior citizens wearing Wal-Mart clothing and  rubber flip flops with dirty feet!. If that's the type of crowd they want to attract forget it!
1	This was not a good night club the service was terrible and the dance floor was small. Me and my group stayed for about 20 mins before we left and went some where else. Don't waste your time you will be Disappointed with this club.
1	AVOID THIS CLUB AT ALL COSTS! We got bottle service and the staff was inattentive.  Floors were slippery and extremely wet! Lack of consideration for girl's safety. It seemed like they do this on purpose to kick people out and bring more in. Music was eh and overall club was overcrowded.  Security guards were total assholes! Their policies make no sense. Honestly not worth the trouble . Better clubs in the middle of the strip!
3	Went to LAX for Halloween and it was off the hook. It was the first place where I ordered bottle service and it was exactly  the price they told me. First time Ever! Security is super serious about their job though. No dirty dancing or lap dancing. I told him, that's why I paid for VIP. Now get out my face! Mad cause your a loser bouncer and you could never afford VIP. But aside from that, all else was cool.
1	Wow this place was pretty lame and I know nothing about nightclubs. First night in Vegas we headed here since it was close to the hotel. First time in an actual nightclub. Went on Thursday so maybe that's why it sucked? We walked into what felt like a jam-packed hallway with a bar on one side. Quickly worked our way past it thinking the club continued...but it only led to an empty circular room and a long hallway to the bathrooms. So we made our way back into the main room danced a little awkwardly in the middle of a room with people standing nearby. Didn't feel like a dance floor at all. Didn't stay long.
1	The phony waiting line on a Wednesday night was lame. That was our first tip that the place was a bust. The club was all roped off so it was like a "dance hallway" instead of a dance floor. The staff was polite. It has potential, but all the effort gone into the illusion of high demand just detracted from the experience.
1	I went there last night because I heard good things from our limo driver. I must say the dj was good. I liked his mix and there were a good number of people there. But the sound system was terrible! It sounded like they were blasting the music out of a couple Walmart 6x9 car speakers. It hurt my ears and had as much bass as my cell phone! I hope they use the $40 cover to invest in either a sub or ear plugs for the guests.
1	Discriminates against Men. $30 for guys, $20 for ladies
1	Pretentious, over crowded, rude, bad... terrible.  No.  So many better options.
4	Super fun if you love hip hop and hate electronic music! This place played no edm. It is not the best club for sure, but if you're trying to avoid edm at all costs and really want that hip hop, this is an option.
1	We paid $30 for my boyfriend and $20 for me to get into this club on a Saturday night. It was a big waste of money!!!! The venue is a decent size but more than 2/3 of it is table service! Wtf??? They had dancing girls up on the speakers and no servers on the floor. Now where I come from the patrons dance on the speakers and the staff is on the floor making sure that people have full drinks and are happy. After spending a day walking on the strip the last thing I wanted to do was stand on a little edge of the dance floor and drink my $11 bottle of beer. I can understand having a private area for their VIPs but to have nowhere for their customers to sit unless they buy a bottle of alcohol is ridiculous. This MIGHT have been forgivable if the DJ had been any good. The DJ was the worst I have ever heard. He played good music but cut the songs off after they played for about 20 seconds!! At that rate he could have played every dance/hip-hop song of the last decade in one evening. The whole experience was a major disappointment. Two thumbs wayyyyyyy down LAX.
2	This club definite played some of my favorite music while here in Vegas, so you would think that the rating would be higher.Being around Vegas you can tell which clubs are the top tier and which ones are on the last legs.  This one is part of the latter.  The place is pretty small and uninspired.  We were here in town after NYEs and on a night with a UFC fight in town on a Saturday Night.  The service seemed inattentive, and for the most part was just standing on the level behind our table, so really no one would be there to pour our drinks, since we did order bottle service.  I thought this place would be more packed, but really it wasn't.  If you want just an A-OK time come through.  If you want to experience Vegas like in the movies, go somewhere else.
