5	I beg to differ, dude.  Here on holiday and let's just say, Chompie's is better than the average chipotle lovin, brain boiling sad excuse for a seafood restaurant place in BFE (AZ)!!!!I've only been to this one location and from the taste of it, it was one of a kind!  The first time we went I got the latkes (yum, best ones I've had that weren't home cookin) and the second time I went for the hot pastrami sandwich (so good)!!  The bread was a little soggy, so if you go for it, do it right and ask for the bread to be extra toasty...  Overall, good place.  I wish we had a nice reasonably priced jewish deli where we lived!!
3	Big new york style deli with sandwich meat stacked to the ceiling. We both had fired chicken salads but one of them was supposed to be the BBQ chicken salad. Our waitress was kind and apologetic and offered us free desserts but after having the generous salad plate we were stuffed. We also ordered the deep fried chicken pockets which are served with a thick gelatinous congelled gravy and fried onions... NOT good.It is nice that it is close to APS and next time i will try a sandwich.
4	I had fairly low hopes for Chompie's given the far-from NYC location and its Applebee's-like appearance. However, each trip there has been met with success. I don't eat red meat, so my choices are somewhat limited. Nonetheless, my Turkey Reuben and Chicken Liver sandwiches have been excellent. My friend who has gone there with me has indeed ordered red meat sandwiches and has been satisfied as well. The guys even have Dr. Brown's sodas including the infamous Cel-Ray (tastes like Sprite at first then comes the celery flav).Although the complimentary pickles seem to vary in quality, and the waiters can be slow and sometimes clueless as to the ins and outs of the menu, Chompie's has been a solid addition to my restaurant cycle.
4	Dude.  They have Dr. Brown's Cel Ray.  'nuff said.This place is an oasis; I don't care how cheesy it looks.
4	There's really something for everyone at this Tempe kosher-style deli, which attracts a lot of ASU students and families due to its close proximity to campus You can get crepes, lox and cream cheese and herring along with pancakes, grilled cheese, a BLT or meatloaf. The choices seem endless and the menu is almost intimidating. And the prices? Cheap!
4	It just would not be a trip to Arizona if I didn't stop at Chompie's for their Yummy Stuffed French Toast (please note- "Yummy" is part of the name, and not a descriptive adjective added by me).   Today, I decided to break tradition and get a sandwich, instead.Oh why, oh why, did I not order a half of a sandwich? The portions are ridiculously huge, here.  But you have to remember that the prices fit the portions.  I don't think this is the cheapest place by far, but you do get what you pay for. Considering all of my visits to Chompie's are always 6+ months apart, I can't really comment on the service. In my memories, it has been hit or miss, but mostly hit.  And, like everyone says, the decor is a little cheesy, but this place is worth a visit.
4	After ten years of Spring Training in the Phoenix area, my dad and I have scaled back on the exploration of new breakfast joints. Chompies has a great menu, friendly service, and the food quality is consistently good. It's no DZ Akin's, but it's the closest thing we've found in our many visits.
4	This Chompie's location is perfect for a post-workout meal... especially if you're competing in one of the races that takes place at Tempe Town Lake.  The menu is huge and there is something for everyone.Some of my favorites include the fitness omelette, (egg white omelette with turkey, spinach, mushrooms, green chiles, and tomato, topped with fresh parmesan cheese and served with fresh fruit salad or cottage cheese plus a bagel); french toast, matza brye, matza ball soup, bagel and lox, and huge yummy salads.  I could go on and on but it's better if you just go check it out yourself... and portions are big, so it helps if you work up an appetite first!.  ****There is sure to be something for your sweet tooth as well - homemade fresh cookies, cakes, pies, and more!
5	Chompie's is an easy 5-bomb.  I would be embarrassed to tell you how many times I have been here, it's probably in the hundreds and I have tried just about everything I had any interest in eating. The Breakfast Chomp-adilla would probably be the favorite, just a glorious, gluttonous way to begin a morning (or early afternoon). Portions are huge and it seems like everything comes with a bagel and cream cheese on the side if you'd like it. The deli sandwiches are huge and high quality.Also tough to beat the waiter named Mitch, who is just the prototype New York sarcastic wiseass, and who might be the funniest guy on the planet without even trying.
5	My new favorite place to eat breakfast!  Despite the parking lot being packed, we were seated right away, served great food, the man was able to watch some football, and I had plenty of people watching to do.  Finally, a flexible menu, none of the same ole'. Big servings, definately splittable, and the cake looks wonderful.  Next time, we will grab one on the way out.  4.5 stars.  All that's missing is crepes.
5	This is the legitest bagel joint in Tempe... Lox and Bagel all the way baby.
2	I was in the area doing some shopping, and both my man and I decided it was time to eat. Unfortunately it was only 10:30 AM so we needed a place that was open early. Chompie's it was. I've had both their breakfast and sandwiches and I hate to rate it so low but honestly, I just don't get it. It's all Eh...alright. It's very standard deli food, definitely nothing mind blowing. I think the fact there's an actual deli in Tempe gets people excited more than anything, because there's not a whole hell of a lot of deli/restaurants around. The menu IS huge so there's a lot to choose from. They have a wide array for breakfast and a lot of healthier options. Unfortunately I've always left feeling like it wasn't worth the money. I got one of their chicken sandwiches and the chicken was overcooked, dry, and the grilled vegetables on top were soggy. I've had the pastrami before, and while tasting okay, it wasn't super-juicy and melt in your mouth. I'm obviously spoiled.I've been to some outstanding Jewish and Italian deli's in LA- namely Langer's and Philippe's in the heart of downtown. There's so many good delis in the huge metropolises, but not so much around Phoenix. Sorry Chompie's, you just don't do it for me. I like the bloody mary's and pickles though!
2	This was a tough review for me.  I wanted to give them higher marks, really I did.I went in with low expectations.  I've had Jewish food on the east coast, OK?  Things were looking good right off the bat.  We were seated and water and a tray of pickles appeared as our tushes hit the cushions.  My lovely wife picked up a pickle, crunched off a bite, gave a surprised expression and said, "Not bad.  I'll be the Jew-judge."  She is Jewish, after all.  Fair enough.  I thought the pickle was pretty good, comparable to some I've had on the east coast.That's where things started to go awry.  It took between 5-10 minutes before anyone came over to get a drink order.  We ordered several items to share.  My wife and I shared a corned beef sandwich and fries with gravy.  The kids shared matzo ball soup, blintzes and a latka.  I ordered coffee.The soup came first and it was very good and authentic.  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  My water has been sitting empty for a bit.  The rest of the food arrived pretty quickly, and my coffee arrived.  Water?  "Oh, right."The blintzes were very good, especially the cheese.  The corned beef was good, it passed muster as authentic.  Fries?  Good.  Brown gravy?  Fine, but it had an odd flavor.  Latka?  Very good.  Water?  "Oh, right.""Can I get a refill on the coffee?"  "Oh, right."The prices are high.  The sandwiches are available whole or 1/2.  $13.xx for a whole corned beef is a bit high, but it is big enough to share so that's a plus.  One sandwich and one order of fries was enough for 2 adults.   The fries were $4.xx  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  I don't appreciate having to ask for every refill 3 times.  I would probably write it off to just one server having an off day or something. In summary:  Good kosher-style food, a bit pricey.  It will hit the spot when I'm craving a corned beef sandwich.  The service was spotty.  So what may have been a 4 star review has been knocked all the way down to 3 stars.  Coffee?
4	There are (at least) two items on the menu that pass the test at Chompie's ~ the corned beef sandwich and the matzo ball soup. They are both worth the visit, although your waistline may not thank you. I get the half corned beef with a side of the soup, and I'm in Jewish heaven. Although several folks have mistaken me for Jewish, I am unfortunately just a boring Gentile. However, my Jersey roots appreciate Chompie's.HELPFUL HINT: If it's not a traditional Jewish food, don't bother ordering it at Chompie's. Their menu is full of "American" food items that they don't execute very well, not surprisingly. They need to trim down the menu by 2 pages!!
4	Chompies is always a nice treat for me, any time of the day.  I finally made it over to this location and carried out a sandwich on Sunday.  I thought the service was a little slow here, and I don't know if its always that way, or just the fact that I was in there on a Sunday night.  So, they lost a point for making me wait, and wait, and wait some more.I'll say this.  I like Chompies.  I don't think thier bad.  But, for some reason, I don't think thier all that and a bag of chips.  I think thier the best Arizona can do for good traditional Jewish food.  I would take my parents here in a heartbeat, being the Jewish girl that I am.  And belive me, I grew up eating all this stuff and more, so I can tell you that I am a pretty good judge.  I think this is the best the Valley has to offer so far, for being close to Jew food.  I just know its not the BEST Jew food I have sunk my teeth into.
4	I have partaked here many times. I dismiss the pickles in the tray that they deliver with the h2o.... What stands out for me is the LARGE amount of food you get, both at breakfast, lunch and dinner..The Pastrami.. The best in the valley. It is always moist, tender and flavorful, especially on an Onion roll and a couple slices of Provo.. The Maple Turkey sandwich is ok, but can be dry.  I also love the Jewish Penacillin aka Chicken Noodle Soup.. For Bfast I would suggest the pancakes, they are freakin HUGE and tasty. I prefer the whole wheat ones with a touch of cinnamon. I would eat there more often if they only had Coke products. Pepsi is flat and for wimps!
1	I came here a long time ago when I was an undergrad, and I remembered liking it, but that was before I knew about Yelp.  Luckily, I swung through on Super Sunday to reminisce about my (recently) passed college days.A group of friends and I (4 total) rolled in to grab a quick breakfast.  They have a counter besides the sit down area where there is a "Rush Hour" menu.  "Rush Hour"!  That must mean they get that shit ready fast!  Or it's for pairs of Asian and Black detectives?  We guessed the former.So my friends and I each get a bagel sandwich.  Nothing very fancy.  It was like eggs, some veggies, and a little meat in a bagel of our choice.  No sweat, right?  It really wasn't even that busy in there (no line, everyone getting seated immediately).So we sat.  Wandered.  BS'd.  Ogle'd a couple hungover girls stumbling in.  Normal stuff.  But we didn't see shit going on.  Nobody looked like they were preparing out "Rush Hour" sandwiches.  We waited.  We pinged the manager, and he said they would be on their way out.After a half hour, three of the sandwiches came out.  Of course, my sandwich wasn't ready.  Must have been chopping up all those bell peppers...those little guys are so tough!  Or perhaps they were curdling the cheese as I waited!  5 minutes later, my sandwich got there.My friend brought up the fact of how long it took to make.Pat: Hey, what's up with taking over half an hour to make these simple sandwiches?Manager: Not really, it was like 15 minutes.Pat: No, look at our receipts.  They're timestamped.  Look at the clock now **It is past 1/2 hour now**Manager: Ok.Pat: That's it?  What kind of response is that?Manager: **no response...perhaps thinking about how he hates life?**And that was it.  And the sandwiches sucked.  And they gave us the wrong bagels.  Awesome.  And them damn things cost like 5 bucks.In summary:-"Rush Hour" menu is bullshit.-Can't get basic orders right.-Manager's a jerk.I can't speak to how the sitdown area is.  I enjoyed it a long time ago.  But I wouldn't ever go back with what a letdown this past experience was.  Even if the manager had said "Sorry about the wait", I might have wanted to come back.  I wouldn't even want my money back.  But he basically was like "What the fuck is your problem?"
3	Have a second home in the Phoenix area and was looking for a good Jewish Deli.  Found it!  They even have my favorite soda,  Dr. Brown's Cel-rey diet.  Yummy flavor.  Good soup and Pastrami sandwiches.
4	we are regulars here; we eat here almost every Sunday morning.  Great breakfasts, and they don't bat an eye if you want a Patty melt for breakfast, either!  I've had just about everything on the menu with the exception of stuff like pancakes and waffles, which I don't like, so I can't say if they are good or not.  what I CAN say is, portions are huge.  bring your appetite and be prepared to take some home.  when you read "Mile-high Sandwiches" on the menu?  take that literally.  pastrami sandwiches stuffed with so much thinly sliced meat you can barely get your mouth around it. beautiful stuffed cabbage. Bountiful Nova plate...   sweet potato fries.  don't leave without checking out their dessert selection.  we almost always leave with a loaf of dense rye bread or a bag of delicious day-old bagels.  enjoy!
4	Made it back to my old college stomping grounds after a several year hiatus, and all I gotta say is Chompies, it's good to be back! Why oh why did I stay away so long??Went there for lunch the other day with the always lovely Gabi K., after I was hit with an insatiable desire to have breakfast for lunch.  We arrived at 12:30 and the place was pretty packed but we were seated right away.Now, I should probably fess up to the fact that I have been ordering the same exact thing at Chompies for 8 years now, and see no sign of switching any time soon, because it is perfect.  I get the greek omelette with American cheese, an everything bagel, and hashbrowns, and it is an instant party in my mouth.Gabi ordered a soup and salad combo (which I didn't even know they had since I never get past the breakfast page) and it truly looked delicious.  Seriously looked like one of the better looking salads I've seen around Tempe.In the business of full disclosure, our waitress did falter with both of our orders.  She forgot Gabi's soup and she did not make the sub to American cheese in my omelette as I requested.  Neither of us are difficult diners though so we rolled with it and continued our gabfest.What really pushes Chompies over the 3 star line for me is all of the extra goodies in and around the display cases in the front.  Black and white cookies? Check! Real, authentic chocolate rugelach? You better believe it!  And my personal favorite, acutal Wise brand Cheese Doodles!!! Not Cheetos, of Cheese Puffs, or any of that knockoff crap, actual delicious, heavenly Cheese Doodles, my favorite snack of years past when I lived in the Northeast.  You wouldn't believe how difficult they are to find in AZ! But not to worry, I can get them every time that breakfast for lunch craving hits, and I almost always do.
4	I went for breakfast with a couple friends on a Tuesday morning at about 9:30am.  The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away.  The service was superb and the food yummy.  A friend and I shared some dish with chiles and potatoes and eggs and avocado on top.  I am so glad we shared... plenty of food for two.  I love that bagels come with the breakfast.  I am a fan of bagels!!  Mmmmm...  Everything in the bakery is so pretty and delicious looking but I was to full to think about taking something to go.  Maybe next time.
4	Chompies offers my personal favorite fish and chips in ArizonaFor breakfast I have really enjoyed the  Teh Bobka French Toast, it is amazing with a extra kick with the Bobka sprinkled on top. I have always enjoyed the personal service even when the place is crowded, and expect lots of people all the time.  I can't forget  the Lox and bagels its as classic as it gets.happy EatingThe menu is very large just like the location in Tempe.
4	Love love love their bagels! Sesame and whole wheat are the best for sure!The veggie and veggie lite cream cheese are amazing! Very flavorful with slices of green onions and carrots, it's my favorite on top the sesame bagel. The blueberry cream cheese is also a treat, it tastes freshly made and not fake. Bagels are large and the perfect texture of chewy and crunchy (when toasted!). Deli is very fast so picking up a bagel takes only minutes. I've eaten here for breakfast as well and they have a nice selection of goodies. Their pickles are also top notch. Mmm I often miss Chompies!
2	Not great compared to a good deli, not good when you factor in the price.It was soon after moving here from Los Angeles that I found Chompies.... being a regular patron of West Coast heavyweights such as Langers, and even Canters, I was hungry for good deli food and thrilled... at first.  Their food is "meh" at BEST and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY overpriced for the quality.  If they charged 1/2 the price they do currently, this place would be 4-stars.. but don't come up in here trying to charge Langer's prices and serve up Schlotzsky's quality. Next.
4	Chompie's is the restaurant I receive gift cards to for birthdays and Christmas.  Chompie's is gold in my opinion.  The Jewish sliders, the fried matzo balls, and a 3.99 traditional breakfast Monday thru Friday really put this place over the edge.  The bagels remind me of brueggers, the perfect hardness on the outside and softy and doughy in the middle, and the selection of types is never-ending. This place really is outstanding, If I were promised to not gain disgusting amounts of weight, I would eat the BBQ brisket sandwich everyday, juicy and tender.
5	As close to a real, east coast deli as you'll find west of the Appalachians. Delicious sandwiches, egg creams, etc. Pricy, but kids apparently eat free in summer, so we kept it at 5 stars.
2	eggs bene w/chedder cheese on the the top??? holindase w/NO flavor, pancakes were good suryp was flavorless ,service was great I usually get bagel w/lox it's the best  ...........great deli
4	I'm basing my review on my one experience there with a Pastrami sandwich. The pastrami was very good. I enjoyed the sandwich, fries and pickle very much. The price was reasonable.. The service was average.  We had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, but we were also there during a peak time.My wife and her friends go here quite a bit and they always enjoy the food, with no complaints.
4	We go here most every Friday morning.  Sometimes packed with college kids, but they behave themselves for the most part.Breakfast weekday special is eggs with potatoes and a bagel.  It's a winner at a great price.  Wait staff is attentive and keeps the coffee hot and the soda cold.  Free pickle platter too!
4	Straight up bad arse!  Pickle spears for the table-check, friendly, personable staff-check, brinner-check, Pastrami-check, the list could go on.  Bottom line great food.
4	Went here last weekend. First thing they seat you and bring you pickles. This was very interesting. The food was great. Service was great. Breakfast menu has a lot of options. Will go back often. Ok have been back a few times lately and the food was not good. Came out cold both times and portions are smaller. Will be a long time till I go back.
4	How lame is this? Chompies is our favorite Christmas morning/ New Years Day destination when we are in town for the holidays.Who the heck wants to cook when they are hung over? Even if it weren't for the holiday convenience, I would show up just to continually witness the sheer volume of different things they can successfully serve in one restaurant. It's downright impressive.And apparently they take it very seriously- portions are overstated, really tasty, and handsomely priced. The servers are overworked but cool. ......The decor is a 1980's cliched interpretation of a "NY Deli"- haha funny.If the menu wasn't enough, there are shamelessly huge display cases full of moist, voluptuous deli items. If I were a less decent man I would have tried one of absolutely everything by now.
4	Found a perfect spot for an early morning meeting, Chompie's in Tempe is convenient, with nice, friendly-service and a great homemade corned beef hash.When I order coffee, I just love that someone is always coming by to refill the cup and when I ask a question about the menu, I love when that person gives me their honest opinion. I can be picky with my food and Chompie's gave me the best service.  I like the corned beef hash that comes out of the can and although some would consider that disgusting, something about the right amount of salt and crunch, I just happen to love it. So, after asking our server about the corned beef hash, she suggested that I try it and if I didn't like it, I could take it back! That is incredible service because (A) she stood by her product and (B) guaranteed their service was going to be awesome, which also described the corned beef hash.Also, the menu is robust with a lot of options, so definitely try Chompie's in Tempe.
5	The granny girl country skillet is what weekend breakfast dreams are made of. You know when you start to stir around 10:30 am and realize that you are... absolutely ... starving? Chompie's is that perfect 11 am brunch place. The have a ridiculously thick menu - but I always order the granny skillet. I  have been going to this place since the day I moved to Phoenix (my stepdad took me there first day move into the dorms..aw) and now I feel I have graduated to the "adult" location at Shea Blvd. and 92nd Street. I don't know if I am shrinking, but the portion sizes at this restaurant are becoming astronimical! Everytime I have friends in town we hit up this place - and it seems to leave everyone satisfied, despite their craving. See example:I wanted breakfast - so I got the skillet (egg beaters scrambled, with country potatoes, turkey bacon, onion, etc. covered in gravy...mmm)My cousin wanted hot wings - which were actually deliciousMy bud Gilbert got a tasty double bacon cheeeAshley got a breakfast burro...As you can see, wide array of selections on the menu. If you are so hungover that you can't take off your sunglasses or even begin to try to put a comb through your hair, then the Tempe location is for you. I have found that the Scottsdale location has an average age of about 45, and it looks like they have all gone on a really nice morning bike ride or hike on Camelback and stopped by Chompies on the way to their afternoon pilates.
3	I feel a little bad giving Chompie's a three-star review; really, they're more like a 3.25-star place, and I grade that mostly on the dry-ish omelet I had here. The service was pleasant and attentive, and I couldn't find anything else I was unhappy about; but my regular haunts back home turn a better omelet. Maybe it's just homesickness talking.
4	I've been coming to Chompie's since I was a kid. My grandparents are from the Cleveland area and always bring my family here when they are in town because it is as authentic as a Jewish deli can be in Arizona, plus I live a couple blocks from the Tempe location. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I don't believe the quality of food and service match the prices. On one experience, a few friends and I happened to stay past the 8 o'clock closing time because we were caught up in conversation and didn't realize it. We figured it and started to leave about 10 minutes later, and a waitress yelled at us as we were leaving, telling us to pay more attention. I thought that was uncalled for and would have rather been told politely that the restaurant was closing at 8. Maybe she was just having a bad night. The matzoh ball soup is lousy compared to my grandpa's, but it is the best I've had at a restaurant in AZ.  Otherwise, it's a great place to go for brunch or lunch, has a full-fledged menu with tons of choices, and you get a lot of food.
4	I've eaten at this Chompies innumerable times, and by-and-large the food is quite good.  As an aside, I enjoy the food at this location more than at the Chompies location on Shea Blvd.  In addition, this location tends to get quite busy on work days after 12 pm.  This especially holds true when ASU is in session.The portions at Chompies are large.  I can't remember ordering an item and feeling as though I was being served an insubstantial portion.  Plus there are AYCE pickles and that always helps the pass the modest wait for the food to come to the table.  The mile high deli sandwiches are as the name implies, BIG.  I have found that there is more than enough food if you opt for a half-sandwich served on a bagel or roll.  Their babka French toast is quite good and so are their omelets.  If you have a sweet tooth, and enjoy French toast, this is definitely a dish that is worth a try.
1	I've heard about this place for the past 3 years since I moved into the area, and only tried it the other day. It's okay and overrated in my opinion. The food is mediocre, the potatoes suck, and everything tasted pretty stale to me. Soggy and stale and expensive could describe my meal. We had the cheese omlette, sweet potato fries, biscuits and gravy, and brought coffeecake and butter cookies back. I tasted some of everything but the cheese omlette which was my order was really greasy and nothing special. Everything all together was $30 but more than half the food was left on our plates we didn't even want to save it. I will be ordering my omlettes from Dennys or IHOP from now on.
4	Came in with a group of 27 http://valleymoviegroup.com. Good seating arrangements - they reserved us space. Service slow (drink coming out and entree) . I am thinking the kitchen was a little slow and not so much the wait staff, although they were a tad slow, but of course we had a big group. Nice onion ring appetizers. Food prices a little on the high end from what I would have expecting. Tasty though, don't get me wrong. I had the pastrami sandwich.
4	Ok, so out of all the restaurants in Tempe this is the one I miss the most. Why you might ask? THEE best Eggs Benedict I've ever eaten!! Before eating Chompie's Eggs Benedict I was never a big breakfast person but after my first bite I was craving this dish at 7am, 12pm, and 6pm all the time! I have to admit though I have only had the Eggs Benedict and some chicken wrap thing from Chompie's before.. the chicken wrap thing ya, whatever, but Chompie's gets 4 stars from me just for their dish that made me a breakfast person. Go order yourself the best damn Eggs Benedict..NOW!
5	Hungry for a good Corned Beef on Rye, I decided to skip the great Scott's Generations this time & take a chance on this place.Chompie's here is nice inside with a fun atmosphere about it.  It was nearly full around 10 AM on this Sunday morning, but I managed to score a just-right booth & ordered a half sandwich, preceded by a bowl of Kreplach Soup.Pretty soon my soup showed up, piping hot, in a good-sized bowl, with (delicious!) toasted sesame bagel slices amusingly dangling from the spoon handle.  This was not your ordinary Kreplach soup, with just a Kreplach or two in chicken broth plus a noodle or two if you're lucky.  Here we had a rich chicken vegetable soup with carrots, celery, onions, noodles, chunks of white chicken meat, & yes, two lovely Kreplachs cuddled up in there too.  It was really good!Then, at the right time, my ENORMOUS half sandwich arrived, along with my side of choice, a cup of tasty potato salad.  The corned beef on my sandwich was tender, very lean, & delicious.On top of everything else, my server was cute, friendly, & attentive...  at a DELI???  Holy Moses!
4	If heaps of food at a reasonable price is what your after look no further then chompies. The menu is as gigantic as the sandwiches. While chompies is best described as a NY Jewish deli don't let the thought of liver scare you off !
4	I love their food. It's probably the best jewish deli food I've had since I left the east coast. (I actually prefer it here)That being said I have a bias and hatred for New York and I can't stand the NY style atmosphere. That's an unfair bias but take it as it is.They have the best greek omelet that I've ever had and their pastries are to die for. Everything tastes authentic and I'm willing to deal with the crowds of loud college students just to have their matzo soup and blintzes. Mmmmm.
5	Just went there yesterday and the guy behind the counter was so helpful and nice. My mom and dad had never had Jewish food before so he explained very politely what was in Knishes and even let us try things that we weren't sure about. Absolutely excellent customer service.At first I thought that 8 bucks was a little much for take out soup but it was a generous serving and since it was the end of the day they threw in a matzo ball just because. It also came with an entire bag of bagel chips.
5	Delicious. Gigantic servings. You've been warned.One of the few places I can find a Biltmore benedict (with lox). Anything with corned beef will be great; I love their corned beef hash (with Cholula).
4	Chompy's is a tempe breakfast/lunch/brunch staplethere are an overwhelming amount of options, enough to keep you coming back time and againthe prices are decent and affordable, considering the quality and portions of food you receivetheir bakery is pretty phenomenal and the bagels & bialys (sp?) are top knotchWhenever i'm sick and need some good ol "jewish penicillin" i stop  by chompies and pick up their matzo ball soup, its healing properties are something i will swear by!
2	I used to think this was a solid 3 star place. But not anymore.I've left the Valley officially as of last week and was sad to go. Before I left, I made it a goal to eat at my favorite places, with Chompie's being one of them.I hadn't been back to any of the Chompie's since Adam Richman had made a stop, but the last time I was there was back in January...and I really don't recall the prices being as exorbitant as they were last week. I know they weren't.Price gouging aside, the past few times I've been the service has been really...bad. I'm saying bad because I don't feel like swearing, but let's say excrement-y, ok?I arrived with a friend in tow - we were hungry. The hostess seated us promptly and was very friendly. A guy brought water by...and we sat. For ten minutes. Ten minutes. We made eye contact with 2 servers. No one came by to take our orders.We ended up leaving. What a pity. I was willing to blow money there for some sliders, too.Since they didn't want our business, Crackers and Co took it....plus, I saved a few dollars and actually had someone taking my order in under 10 minutes...with a smile.
5	Best bagel and delicatessen in town!Chompies Rocks!
5	Chompie's is the best New York Deli in the valley. Then again, there really isn't very much great competition. But it's still great food. The menu is filled with the classics that you'd expect to find in any New York Deli. It's all fit to be eaten at any time during the day. The prices may look steep at first. But wait until you see the portions. It'll be your lunch for at least two days!
4	Chompie's has a ton going for it. They have a stellar bakery (which services a bunch of coffeeshops, restaurants, and groceries throughout the valley with bagels, cookies, cakes, etc.) and fantastic deli food, through-and-through.Their Mile High sandwiches are absurd. Stacked 6-7" tall, you won't be able to get your mouth around them. Start chipping away from the side and hope for the best.Breakfast is typically top notch, if a bit pricey. The pickles they bring out absolutely kill me, but that's because I hate pickles more than anything on this earth. The wait can be really bad, even on a weekday--we were seated instantly, but it took a LONG time for the four of our basic food to come out.On the other hand, the potato latkes, pierogi, brisket, sliders, roasted chicken, matzo ball soup, and basically everything else is DAMN good. Oh, and their bagels are top notch too.Grab a butter cookie on your way out, or a "character cupcake" done up like a Sesame Street character. (The Cookie Monster one is especially meta.)Ran by nice people with decent service (when it's not slow), you're sure to get a taste of the classic New York deli right here in Tempe.Oh, and I'm on the Wall of Shame for failing to complete the terror that is the Slider Challenge. Don't even try it.
2	"meh" indeed.Let me start by saying im not a food snob.  Hell i lived of ramen and mac and cheese thru most of my 20's so i'll pretty much eat anything. I will not, however, be eating here again.There was a wait when i got there and i usually take that as an indication that the food is really good.  Turns out Chompies is more a place to see and be seen for the college kiddos instead of an actual awesome diner.I got french toast, boyfriend got pancakes.  My toast was burnt and the pancakes tasted like eggo microwaved pancakes. Im also not a food returner, if its edible, ill eat it, but this was pretty bad. I asked the waitress what was up and she very snootily retorted "thats how it comes".  Um . . . looking at the dude at the table next to me's golden, perfectly cooked french toast i asked her "are you sure?" She rolled her eyes and walked off, and apparently not to bring me something that didnt look like toxic waste as she didnt come back until 15 min. later with the bill. Oh and PS the home fries are just hashbrown mush with no flavor.  Dont bother.The food was pretty nasty, the server was kind of mean, and it was so not worth the wait.Ill stick to Matts downtown until i find another diner.Bummer since i live in tempe and was really hoping to finally find a greasy spoon closer.
4	Despite some of the negative reviews, I loved this place simply because of their "Fitness Boot Camp" menu (served all day) which had healthy egg white and low calorie options. Will come back for desserts which look very appetizing when I don't feel the need for egg whites :-)
4	Nice variety of foods from which to choose to meet lots of different eating preferences and the staff worked well together to provide a larger group of us great service - even the manager came out to check on us.
1	I love Chompies.  I really do.  Just stay far far away from this place on Sunday morning / afternoon.  The place is incredibly understaffed.Table for 3 with a baby.  Told us it would take 15 minutes to sit.  It took more like 30.  We sit down.  We wait 5 minutes, no waitress.  A table next to us get's seated.  They get greeted, get their drinks then get their food order taken.  Then the same waitress comes over and takes our order.  So now we've waited 30 minutes to be sat and 15 minutes to have a waitress come to our table.I ask for 1 scrambled egg to come for the baby as soon as it's ready.  10 minutes later a manager comes to the table with our egg.  It's undercooked and cold.  Very mushy.  You would think being the manager, he's qualified to take a look at a scrambled egg and know this is undercooked.  It was quite obvious.  I send it back.  20 minutes later our food comes out.  Still no egg.  I ask the food runner.  She comes back with an egg that cooked fine but freezing cold on a very hot plate (a very tell sign that these eggs have been sitting under a heat lamp for 15 minutes)  If the egg was for me, I would have sent it back.  But it's for a baby and I would have cooled it down before I fed him.  The food was great but never saw our waitress again after she took our food order.  If we wanted water or extra napkins, I got up and got it myself.  This isn't my first rodeo.  My wife had her baby shower here on a Sunday and we got the same crappy service.  I need to remind myself to stop coming here on Sundays.
4	After watching Man Vs. Food - Phoenix, I knew I had to try Chompie's. And while I did not partake in the "Ultimate Slider Challenge" (12 jewish sliders and union strings in under 30 minutes), I had the Jewish Sliders and they were, for lack of a better word, awesome!Jewish Sliders = mini challah rolls stuffed with brisket, potato pancake and Jack cheese and served with a side of brown gravy.  ($10.99)The brisket was juicy, the potato pancake was crisp and tasty and the brown gravy was the perfect dip. Ask for a side of au jus to make it even better. My friend got a side of apple sauce and added it to his slider and said that we were all missing out.
4	The pickles are way to salty! Sandwiches are truly mile high! Tempe location is a bit smaller then the North Scottsdale location offering a younger crowd! Amazing desserts and pastries!
4	Three of us feasted on the Jewish sliders with onion strings, a pastrami sandwich, a corned beef sandwich (both Ken Witover's), a Philly cheesesteak and a bowl of Matzo ball soup.  Prior to coming here, I didn't think I'd spend $27 for dinner, but that's what it came out to be.  Oh well, I think it was worth it. The brisket from the sliders was a bit dry, but the side of gravy helped that out big time.  On MvF, the challah rolls looked like they'd be dry and bready, but they were actually really soft, sweet and enjoyable.  But my favorite part of the slider was the potato pancake.  I'm sure it doesn't hurt that I love potatoes, but these pancakes were crispy and flavorful.   As I ate the slider, I couldn't help but wonder how many I'd be able to eat in thirty minutes.  Could I eat 12?  The answer is: HECK no.  I think I could get to five... MAYBE six, but nowhere near a dozen.  I wouldn't even bother trying that challenge. The pastrami sandwich was surprisingly good.  If you've been following my recent quest for good pastrami sandwiches, you'd know I prefer thick, hand-carved pastrami, but the pastrami here reminded me of Canter's pastrami in LA... thin (but not too thin) slices of tender pieces of meat with good cole slaw and dressing.   The corned beef wasn't as good though; too dry for my liking.  I'd recommend sticking w/ the pastrami. The cheesesteak was good, but it still doesn't come close to the ones in Philly (duh). The Matzo ball soup had more veggies than I'm used to, but the broth was good and I loved the Matzo ball.  I think I can eat that every day.   Good food, good service.  I'm a happy camper.
4	I love the food at Chompies! I grew up on the east coast and this food reminds me of home. LOVE IT!
2	Being on the lookout for gluten-free things since I "converted" last summer, I am still kicking myself for not knowing that Chompie's, a Tempe favorite and practically a historic landmark at this point, has a bakery which makes gluten-free cookies! But that's all they make. I Googled "gluten-free tempe, az" and came up with a website compilation of G/F places nearby. Chompie's was one of them, so I investigated.I asked the kid behind the counter if they had gluten-free things, and he said yes. I asked what they had, and he pointed to a stack of unlabeled cookies in plastic containers. That was the first oddity--that they were unlabeled. G/F things should be labeled (for allergy purposes). The second was that was ALL they had, aside from a frozen hamburger bun (see Fry's frozen food department for better and cheaper buns). The ONLY good thing about the cookies were that it was $2.50 for 8 of them. They were mediocre at best. (again, see Fry's for better cookies). I am disappointed that there is no one in north Tempe/south Scottsdale/east Mesa that has cornered the gluten-free bakery market. Otherwise, I have to drive to south Tempe to get a decent cinnamon roll.
4	Today I was craving a sandwich but didn't want to go to the typical Subway or Togo's so I decided to check this place out because it is close to my apartment and I had heard good things. Here are my pros:Ample parking- the lot is huge and I'd be surprised if it ever filled up.Friendly employees- she may have been a little bit lost but she was super sweet.Large sandwiches- I was unaware of what I was in for, so I added salami to my turkey sandwich. Needless to say the sandwich ended up being HUGE. I literally had to deconstruct it to eat it.Fresh produce and tasty meat- the produce on my sandwich was delicious and crisp. The meat was flavorful and as I mentioned there was a lot of it.Pickles- The dill pickles I received with my order were scrumptious. I could see why someone would say they are salty but I LOVE salt so it was yummy.Bread- the bread was delicious. I may have to go back and buy some of their sourdough bread to make sandwiches at home.Cons:Price- it was a wee bit more expensive than I was expecting. Its like $8 for a small sandwich and $10 for a large. I also wasn't sure I was charged correctly because the girl taking my order didn't seem to know what she was doing.I still would like to go back and try their breakfast items, which I heard are fabulous and also to buy the "half moon" cookies they have. (If you are from upstate New York you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about). Oh and I want to try the Ultimate Slider Challenge one of these days.
4	Can you say "yummmm"? Went for a Reuben - the only place in town I will order one. But got distracted by this Chompies French Toast with caramelized banana chunks, whipped cream, OMG! I couldn't even finish it! Had to take half home to share with my son! Now I've done it! We are going there for breakfast tomorrow morning!
5	this place has excellent Lox. its a little expensive but they have almost EVERYTHING you would want to eat there. Get the lox in the morning. so good.
4	I was out with my colleague who has seen the episode of Man Vs Food that featured the Jewish Sliders, and we just had to come by. I mean, we seriously went out of our way to visit. We road the BUS, OMG. I'm still astonished that we were able to find our way around using surface public transportation, but that's besides the point. Chompie's is ok. Everything looks amazing, and sounds amazing, and it's one of those deals where you cannot come in here when you're hungry or else you'll order way too much because the menu reads like a best of list of comfort foods. Anyway, I was torn between the Pastrami and the Jewish Sliders. Our waitress, Jess, couldn't help since apparently those are a couple of the best and most popular dishes. It would be like comparing Michael Jordan and Lance Armstrong. They're both amazing, it's just a matter of narrowing your meal criteria. I ended up with the Jewish Sliders since brisket, cheese, and a potato cake, all drenched in gravy just sounded too good, and unique to pass up. First thing I did upon receiving the plate was to get more gravy. There is no such thing as too much gravy. I went to to submerge sections of the sliders and slowly enjoy each bite. Remarkable mixture of flavors and the gravy makes a huge difference. Here's the problem though, the brisket was a little dry and tasteless. Without the cheese and gravy, the sliders would have been a miss. All together with the extra gravy however, they were good. I did go on to mention this detail to Jess when she came to check on us. I felt like the manager or whoever keeps track of customer comments would probably want to know that the brisket was dry? Well when Jess came back with the check, she surprised me with half of a pastrami sandwich! OMG, this made my week! I suppose she wanted to make sure that I left on a good note and through this small gesture, I most certainly did. I haven't tried the pastrami yet, but Jess promised that it would be everything I hoped for. I believe her. Also had a thick delectable chocolate milkshake that nearly sent me into a food coma from all the syrup, whipped cream, and of course the cherry on top. I like this place a lot. It also doesn't hurt that they treat their customers right and really listen to feedback. I'll be coming back.
5	Today was my friend's 21st Birthday, and I called ahead to tell Chompies we would be celebrating there. They wrote her name on a Birthday plate and lite candles and even brought over a free drink. I was blown away with the customer service and as always, the food. I really appreciate the service!
3	Kind of overrated - I'm feeling like if I went there 5 times straight in a single week, I might even downgrade them a star.I second the other Yelpers in saying that everything looks absolutely amazing the first time you come here - the menu is a haven of Jewish deli classics and can be a bit intimidating to the hungry individual wanting a taste of everything.  Servers are super friendly and hustling around toting enormous portions of delicatessen delights - the place has a really cozy feel to it.Tucking into the food, though, nothing is mindblowingly good so much as straddling the line between yummy and blah.  My standard of a cup of matzoh ball soup, half a pastrami sandwich and an egg cream was a nice meal, but I had just hoped that little things could have been better to elevate the meal to the next level.  Case in point, the matzoh ball itself was bursting with the flavor of schmaltz (chicken fat - essential for a great, traditional matzoh ball) but the broth was so flat, I found myself seasoning my soup at the table.  Or the pastrami - can a girl get a little moister pastrami and a little spicier mustard?  Maybe I'm being a nebbish, but everything deserved a B- when I so hoped to give it an A+++Jewish sliders are worth a try only once - it's an intriguing combo of brisket (bland), latkes (crispy and light), jack cheese (wish it was swiss for some reason and gravy (delicious!) on challah rolls that goes down smoothly but then proceeds to expand in your stomach like someone's blowing up a balloon in your innards.  Not so pleasant.  I officially know why Adam Richmond had to throw in the towel on Man v. Food - it's pretty aggressive how filling those little suckers are.  I guess if you are a champion to the likes of Joey Chestnut, go for the all-you-can-eat sliders action.  Mere mortals, stick to the basics and leave with your pants intact and not bursting at the seams.Straight meh, says I.
3	Delicious sliders, strange service.  Our waiter seemed very green, since he was very eager to please but wasn't good at handling our order, nor giving us the right items that we had ordered.  Regardless of service though, the slider meal, while looking deceptively small (3 sliders), was very filling.  I've also had their meatloaf dinner, which is very moist, but slightly too salty for me.  Sandwiches such as the Reubens are pretty good, with large amounts of meat piled in between the bread, while other items, such as the Philly cheese steak, aren't that great and will leave you less-than-satisfied.
3	Just finished a sunday breakfast/lunch here and it was pretty good. I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie to start as they had given out samples and my friends said it was really good. Took awhile to get them and when they arrived my friends were nice and creamy with a few chunks of ice where as mine was full of uncrushed ice cubes and large chunks making it impossible to use a straw and requiring me to chew.I ordered a half corned beef half pastrami sandwich for my meal. Again it took a long time for the food to get to us and i understand they were busy but from what i have seen it was an average if not below average crowd for a sunday here. Got my food and I was slightly disappointed to see that rather than being half and half meat over the sandwich it was 2 separate halves one corned beef and one pastrami. It was easy enough for me to fix as with the large amount of meet i just split each half and mixed and matched. Just wish i would have been asked about this first.The food was good and it is very good corned beef and pastrami, the potato salad is fairly bland. The rye bread is pretty good too. They do give a huge portion of meat which is nice. Also had a bloody mary which was good and had a nice spice to it.Overall a decent meal but took a long time to get food and my smoothie had way to much unblended ice.
3	I just finished giving a presentation and kind of skipped my early morning breakfast. So, I came here for brunch around 10:30 am. I was seated very fast, actually, before I could take my seat some guy said 'excuse me' and left some pickles and a glass of water. Aside from the fact that it was quasi-rude to put something down on the table while I was sitting, from behind me, I thought it was cool that I already had my water and I could try a couple of pickles.What a big menu. I'm eating on a budget, and for breakfast they seemed to have just a ridiculous amount of options, pretty much anything that's homestyle American was on the menu. I had a peek at the lunch menu too, but I was really only here for the $5.99 'Eggciting' special. They also have just a bagel, cream cheese, and coffee for $2.99, which seems like a decent deal. The waitress quickly took my order, scrambled eggs, jalapeno bagel, cream cheese, home fries, and turkey sausage.Hold up. Turkey sausage. Really? Yes, really. This is actually what tipped me off to visiting this place. I love a classic American breakfast, but I hesitate to go to places like Denny's, IHOP, and even Mimi's because I always get ripped off because I don't eat pork. I usually have to substitute at these places which kind of destroys the whole classic American breakfast feeling. Food came out surprisingly fast. It wasn't piping hot like I like it, but it wasn't cold either. I don't remember asking for my bagel to be toasted, but then again I don't remember requesting not toasted either. I'm not that picky on that. The home fries weren't hot either which was a disappointment, because I know potatoes hold their heat very well. Anyways, aside from the warm, not hot, food it tasted pretty good. Eggs were done just to my liking. The turkey sausage was fantastic and had a perfect texture. There are two types of turkey sausage, the smoked sauage that comes in a long link (hot dog texture) and the shorter links with a more ground beef texture (and also apparently patties like they had here). It was seasoned well, cooked well, and the texture was just perfect. The home fries were good and also had a nice texture, there was some crispiness to it, but at the end all I really had left was extra crispy chips.Given my experience, I can only do a 3-star. I was really excited to try this place out and I'm certain that if my food was a little bit hotter it would be my favorite breakfast place. Its a shame it wasn't hot because I'd really like to come back here and try other breakfast items, they have a really interesting sounding chicken fajita omelette.Also, I feel that its worth mentioning that the pricing here is very diverse. There is stuff from $5 all the way up to like $15 per person. Check menu before you go.
5	One of my top five favorite places in Tempe to eat! Everything is good, reasonable pricing. Homemade=better than not! Arizona Benedict is amazing!
4	Stopped in here for lunch yesterday with Robyn N. & Mike C.  This time I had their ''Baja Burger", which is a charbroiled half-pounder, with bacon, avocado spears, jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, & red onions.  It also came with delicious large-cut fries & a little cup of Cole Slaw.This burger was very good, as expected, but not quite up to the best ones I've enjoyed lately at Five Guys, Smashburger & especially Cracker Barrel.  From now on when I come here I'll stick with traditional Jewish Deli food, which will probably bring it back up to 5 Stars for me next time.Baja Burger Plate $9.95
3	Was here for lunch last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I had the reuben sandwich and it was just okay.  I was a little disappointed because for $14 for one sandwich with fries, I was expecting something great!  Sorry, this is just way too pricey for just an average reuben.  I had it with pastrami and it had good flavor, but the sandwich could have used more sauerkraut for sure.  The fries were good!The best part was the deli on the way out, they had bags of day old bagels and bialys for $2.50 and I snagged a bag with some lox cream cheese to take home.  I'd go back for the lox cream cheese, it had chunks of lox and wasn't all ground up like lox spread I have had before.I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here for a meal that's for sure.
4	Went there after seeing Man Vs Food. The sliders were wonderful. Most of the sanwiches were in the $12 range. The server was quick and attentive. We will definately be back!
4	This place has officially become my Thursday brunch place of choice! I've been getting the everything bagel with garlic herb cream cheese to go and a drink paying only $5! I pay later with terrible breath but its super delicious. My friends like the jalapeno cream cheese, but I'm not a fan. Next time Im thinking I might try another flavor. They have a wide range of flavors from spicy to sweet or even plain. I've only at in the dining area one time over a year ago but I don't remember the food or service so Ill review that another time. The lady who prepares the bagels on the other hand is really nice. But if you dont like a ton of cream cheese be sure to ask for light cream cheese.
4	I just love this Restaurant! I've only been a few times and every time I have gone it's been delicious. The first time I went I got the Corned Beef Sandwich. This was a great sandwich with loads of flavor, Not to mention it was big enough to take half of it home with me.The second & third time I went I got The "Aaron's Choice"  Sandwich. This one I thought was better than the plain Corned Beef, It not only comes with Corned Beef but pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll for only $12.99. It's a killer deal.The Service could be a little better and I'm not a huge fan at how the tables are so close together, However the food is DELICIOUS. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great sandwich!
4	Oh Chompie's... one of my favorite Tempe finds! Chompie's is home to my favorite soup! Chicken Matzoball Soup! Delicious and onxious with awesome flavors. I have had a great time sittig outside yapping with my sister about who knows what while munching on the biggest pastrami and saurkraut sandwich EVER! This thing was HUGE! I was scared, I was elated, I was determined. I went again for dinner and had my same matzoball soup but this time I had the Chicken Schnitzel. Warm. crunchy and full of flavor I was elated. The sides were eh, I make better carrots and the potatos were okay but the gravy had an odd flavor I wasn't too fond of. I have YET to try a dessert, but someday I am going to damnit!! Oh and the pickles are yummy! :D Jussayin' The service leave MUCH to be desired for. We had to ask for everything about twice and the staff likes to play handsie in a closed section behind frosted glass. I had craptastic service both times I went. But I still hope ya'll give chomp down on some Chompie's and fall in love with it like I did!!
1	Responded to a promotion of theirs that excluded "holidays".  This was Dec. 24 which is the day BEFORE a holiday, yet they refused to honor the promotion on the basis that Dec. 24 is a holiday.  Had to wait for a table even though there seemed to be plenty available.  Service was slow and the food was mediocre plus they forgot my side dish.  Very disappointing because we had heard such good things about this place.
3	I just tried Chompie's today and had the Aaron's Choice on rye. It was AMAZING. The sandwich was HUGE - I had to take half of it home. I ordered the potato salad as the side and that was really good, too. But how good the food tastes is pretty much the only thing going on for Chompie's, I think. The service was a little slow, and the food is kind of pricey. Also, the pickles they gave us at the beginning gave both me and my boyfriend maaaad stomach aches. If I ever go back, I'm definitely staying away from the pickles.
4	I have been wanted to go to Chompie's forever and now that I am leaving Phoenix, I felt like it was necessary to try it out.  I had to try the Jewish Sliders that I had seen on Man V Food.  Obviously, I didn't try the challenge because I don't want to ruin latkes, brisket or challah for me for the rest of my life.  My platter came with three of these gorgeous beauties.  Every element worked perfectly in the sandwich.  You definitely have to dip the slider in the gravy though.  It can taste a little dry without it.  The fries were nice and crispy too.It is sad that I won't get to try their bagels and other menu items because this menu looked extensive and banging.
5	My trip was inspired by Adam Richmond's visit and while I couldn't do the 12 slider challenge, I knocked out 5 and was close to taking on a 6th.The GM stopped by to check on us and the waitress was great! Be sure to grab some fresh baked deli treats before heading out.
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch. Service is always fast and friendly.
4	Solid four.  I can't believe I lived across the street in college and never went.  Breakfast is yummy.  I'm a chicken strip connoisseur and Chompie's a terrific.
4	the menu here is just ridiculous... took me forever to decide what the hell i wanted. Endless options(which i love) it's just when you're hungry everything looks so effin' good . Service was great.. there was a little wait..but it was def worth it. I had a really tasty buffalo chicken wrap..Which i ended up taking half home it was a good amount of food. the breakfast also all looked great and b/f really enjoyed his. they really do have pretty much anything you could want also have fun drinks..Bloody marys, mimosas, root beer floats etc. We checked out the bakery and everything looked delicious.  Everything is affordable not overpriced by any means and large portions. Very cool place, love the menu we will def be going back again. make sure to check out the hall of fame/shame to see good ol' Adam Richmond's mug up there from Man Vs Food.
5	As soon as I saw the Man vs. Food episode that featured Chompie's Jewish sliders, I knew that I would have to eat here at some point in my life.  It was love at first sight!I have to say that when  finally did make it here, they were not disappointing.  Beef brisket with latkes on challa bread -- these guys are geniuses!  The Cowboy sliders with onion strings and barbecue sauce on them were pretty darn good as well.  Everything was so good in fact, that I took 4 sliders in a box for my drive back to the bay area the next day!I was also able to try some local beer, as well as some of their soup, which was all good!  Their bakery looked pretty amazing as well, but I filled myself up on all you can eat sliders, so I didn't get a chance to try any dessert.  It's ok though.  It was worth it.  My only complaint is that there isn't a Chompie's near me!
4	This place is a great lunch spot! I usually don't like sandwiches but these sliders are so yummy! Don't miss out!
5	I'm a junior at ASU and drove past this place on university for THREE years until I finally went in....that was a mistake.  Now I go there whenever I can.   Though while on the outside, it looks like just a chain bagel place, its way more than that.  Chompies sandwiches taste just like (to me) some of the best Jewish delis Ive been to in NYC...honestly, its that good.     My faves:         **Jewish Sliders-What Chompies is best known for (as well as featured on Man VS Food for), a very hearty combo of 3 cholla rolls filled brisket, mini potato pancakes & Jack cheese, and a side of gravy. THE BEST Sandwich I have had in Arizona, hands down.          **The Brooklyner Triple Decker-(pastrami, corned beef, and braised brisket on double baked Jewish rye).  It has it all, the only thing I do to it is ask the server to add coleslaw too it which puts it over the top
1	Went for lunch to grab a sandwich to go.  The guy helping us behind the counter was obviously stoned.  My husband ordered a turkey sandwich and when we opened it up, it was literally turkey and bread.  Nothing else!  It was kind of funny, if he hadn't been hungry.  Actually, its still kind of funny.
3	They had a really cool all-you-can-eat deal with their sliders. Aside from the sliders being pretty good (can't make a burger wrongly), the pickles were disastrous.Not only did they taste a little funky, we got really sick from them... Not the best experience!
5	Chompies overall was Awesome! Serves Breakfast all day!It has been over 20 years since I have been here, and now I wonder why. I thought of it more of a bagel place, with some deli dishes rather than a full blown restaurant. I must have been baked with a wicked hangover way back then, because this was awesome. There is a lot of talk about Chompies because of Man vs. Food, but what really brought me here was that they served breakfast all day.It took a minute or so to be acknowledged by a host to get seated, but once she showed up we got sat right away. Our sever was very nice, made some suggestions, kept up on our Diet Pepsi refills, and was there but not overbearing. We ordered the Banana Nut Pancakes, Omelet with Jalapenos (Cabo maybe), and a Killer Skillet with lots of Jalapenos and 2 perfect medium eggs placed on top. I got the blueberry bagel with walnut raisin cream cheese. The wife got a salt bagel with the jalapeno cream cheese (they were out of jalapeno bagels). The pancakes were very good, with lots of banana cooked in the cake, of course with lots of nuts as well. There was a lot of food. Well worth it.We ordered a piece of German Chocolate Cake to-go. A few hours later we pulled that cake out of the fridge and devoured it with a quickness. Very moist, and the frosting was super yummy. I just checked for our leftovers, and it looks like someone beat me to it. Dam I was looking forward to that skillet with all the egg and potatoes. I guess easy microwaved leftovers is out.In search of breakfast now!
5	Its everything I everyone said it was going to be...GOOD!  I liked their breakfast and the coffee was pretty good too.  The service was excellent to boot.  Try it and you won't be sorry.
2	I work right behind Chompie's and I'm kinda forced to eat there on my lunch break due to to lack of options. I have eaten through almost the entire menu and have not found one dish on the menu that I ever crave and WANT to eat again. Nothing is really terrible but nothing is really great either, especially for the price. I mean basic sandwiches cost between $12 and $15 which comes with a side of potato salad that is gone after about two bites. When i saw that Man vs. Food came to Chompie's I though it was a joke. That challenge had never existed at Chompie's and they created it just to get on the show. Overall Chompie's has average diner food for triple the average diner price.
2	I am really very forlorn at having to give Chompie's a 2 star-er. This place has been my go to weekend breakfast spot for years. Hello, day drinking begining at 7am on game days?? You know me...sign me up. I am eternally in love with the home fries, and have been known to stop by just for a side of them "to go" But I went last Thursday with my 7 year old niece Isabella who was home sick from school (whole other story starting at about 5am which started with my sister calling..."Please Nesto watch her for me or I'll lose my job") As a bachelor who eats out a lot, not a ton in the fridge for a kid....so....breakfast? Get in the car.Seated right away, as always. That's where the service stalled. Birds chirping as my niece looks at me with big sick-y eyes. No water, no server, busser or hostess to flag down. Finally blondie comes up and looks a bit irritated to se us. "Do you know what you want ('yet'? seems to be the unspoken word she wants to throw out to finish the question) as if we have been wasting her time in the 10  minutes we haven't seen her. Yes we do. Pancake and OJ for Bell, Coffee two eggs over med, home fries and dry rye for me. She turns, grabs a tray of complimentary pickles off a side bar and slides them onto the table. The bright green are great. Garlicky and crisp. 5 min, she brings the drinks. kids cup for Bell. No straw. I don't notice it immediately but blondie is right across the isle helping a guy in a tie so when she turns I get her attention. Again she seems pissed that I asked for a straw and drops 4 on the table. WTH? 15 more minutes for food. I am a little interested and not pleased with the fact that the butter and syrup are in disposable pre-packaged containers. Has this always been the case? I am not a pancake eater, so I don't really know, but the place is a BAKERY. Surely they can dole out some butter and have syrup on hand. That was kinda weird. I was so distracted by that, that I realized after blondie left. NO friggin silverware. OK, now I am starting to get miffed. Flag her down again.Potatoes, cold. Final straw. The rye was delish. Love that stuff chewy and flavorful. But largely, we left two almost untouched plates as we left the place. Maybe it was just a bad day for blondie. But that was not a great experience at one of my favorite places. I even forgot to buy a loaf of rye dammit.
4	Breakfast all day??? Yay!    I'm a regular here.  Love the homefries and bacon, always above average.As for sandwiches, yes they are pricey but it usually takes me 3 meals to finish one.  The Grilled Grandpa Rubys (with pastrami and extra grilled sauerkraut) is my favorite.  Mmmmmm, I'm hungry just thinking about it.
4	This was my first experience with good Jewish cuisine and I was in heaven! The menu has a HUGE selection plus they have a ton of pastries to choose from for dessert. Everything we ordered was delicious: 1) potato latkes: crispy, piping hot and was delicious by itself and with the sour cream and applesauce it came with.- 4 stars2) cheese blintz/bluebery blintz: both delicious on it's own, but even better when mixed! - 3 stars3) Jewish sliders: challah bread stuffed with tender brisket, potato pancake, cheese and gravy. - 3 stars4) BBQ sliders: it's the same as the Jewish slider except instead of the potato pancake and gravy, they put onions strings and BBQ sauce in it (my favorite of the two).- 5 stars5) chocolate chip pancakes: light and fluffy! - 4 stars6) reuben sandwich: the pastrami in this sandwich was amazingly good and they don't skimp on the meat! - 5 stars7) matzo ball chicken soup: this was everything that's comforting when it comes to soup. Great broth, chunky veggies, soft noodles, and a huge matzo ball! - 5 starsI'll definitely have to come back to try some of the other dishes!
1	Terrible service every time I've been there and the last time I went, I was ravenous. I waited 20 minutes sitting on the sidewalk b/c they have no waiting area to speak of. They finally called me and when I stood up, the hostess refused to seat me b/c my friend wasn't there yet!!I told her she was on her way and that I was going to order & eat immediately. She didn't care. I asked her if she would be giving me a different size table if I was by myself and she admitted she wouldn't. Again I asked her what the problem was and demanded to be seated. She just kept saying over and over again that it was their policy and that she would not seat me until my friend arrived in another 15 min. I was furious! She knew I walked in by myself and sat there right in front of the door by myself reading a book--so why didn't she say something before I wasted all that time?Additionally, my friends went there about a week prior. After they finished eating they continued to study together for an exam. The place was dead, so it's not like they were taking up tables. The manager actually came over and told them they had to leave b/c they weren't buying anything!!I will never ever go back there. The food is decent, but sure as heck not worth the poor management and poor service!
4	I have been to this place twice so far, and each time I have enjoyed my visit. The parking is a little pain, but not so bad you drive around in circles for half a hour. The staff is very nice and very courteous but a little bit slow. I have noticed this both times I have been there. The food is a little expensive but with huge portions.I must say though the menu is long and extensive and that worries me a bit. When I think long menu I thing frozen lots of frozen. But that could be just me. I do notice that they serve mimosas which is a big plus in my book.Now the food portion of the review, the other guests that I have been with said there food was delicious, it looked to be really good. The first time I went one of my coworkers had the "Old Fashioned Borenstein Burger" and the other had a "Monte Cristo" and it was huge. Today I went with my family, my daughter had the "Silver Dollar Pancakes" which were not silver dollar pancakes, but crazy HUGE pancakes. It makes me wonder what a normal pancake looks like. My wife had a "Classic Belgian Waffle" with candied pecans mixed in. sadly the pecans came piled on top and were not candied. I must admit I have not tried anything but there "Old Fashioned Borenstein Burger". And it is huge and delicious I usually get mine with bacon and cheese, the fries are awesome they are not your usual wimpy fries, they are steak sized but have a flakiness to them if that makes any sense at all. Overall I'm in love with their burger, but you would need to do something seriously wrong to make me dislike a burger.And one more thing, its dangerous to have a bakery right there displaying awesome sweets. I'm usually not into sweets but on a whim my coworker told me to pick something and the "Like Heaven" little cups caught my eye. Tried the Oreo one which is a chocolate cup with cream and bits of what look like crumbled Oreos on top, which might explain the name, and just to let you know good lord it was like heaven! If heaven is like that, I will gladly serve the lord so I can get some more of those tasty little treats. Today on my visit I bought three, one for my daughter and two for me. I know, I know.Well in the end this place is decent the prices are a little high, but the food is good and you get your monies worth. Next time ill try something else maybe breakfast who knows.
3	Chompies is not a bad place to grab a bite if you desperately want deli and desperately want to spend a lot of money.  The food is pretty standard (despite man vs. food's claims) but it is a little on the pricey side for what you get.  The bagels are pretty good, and they have a large variety, but many of the things on their menu are pretty meh.  Most of their breakfast food is on par with Denny's or ihop. Nothing special.  Their sandwiches are ok, but I haven't had a whole lot of them, just a couple.  I'm really in no hurry to eat anymore. It'll do if you really must have deli, but don't think you're going to get Carnegie quality knish. This place gets 3 stars for bagels, and 2 stars for everything else... Except coffee.  Coffee gets negative 2 stars at chompies. It tastes like a broken thermometer no joke. Sewage coffee blech!!!!
4	I was visiting from California and I did see this on Man V Food. So, my gf and I decided to come here before watching a Spring Training game (SF WORLD CHAMPION GIANTS vs Oakland A's). This isn't too far from the airport so if you are staying in the area, definitely come here. The line wasn't too bad and we were seated within 20 minutes. Good atmosphere and everyone was wearing some kind of Arizona team shirt.We ordered 2 sliders which were good for each of us as a starter. We both loved the challah bread. But then I also wanted to eat something else as a main course. My gf ordered the beef brisket sandwich which was just as good as the sliders but more meat. The meat was thinly sliced and very tender. She could only eat half of the sandwich so she took the other half to-go which she ate later in the hotel which turned out to be a great snack later. I had the turkey and roast beef sandiwch (I can't remember the name of the sandwich) but it was too much for us. I was definitely full and I'm glad we came here before the game because we'd be eating dogs n drinking beer all day long.Waitress was attentive and we did have a good experience. I'd definitely come here again when we visit.
2	Went there this morning I had a waffle which was good it also came with two smallish turkey sausages which were cold the waitress was right there so she hurried them back to the kitchen and returned  in a moments time with the warmed sausages in the mean time when I took a bite of my eggs they were also ......we will say not hot by any means and not over medium like I requested  my wife had one of there scrambles with potatoes bacon onion which she said she liked it said it came smothered in gravy but it was not smothered  and  in her case she said she preferred it as is ...I have always liked there lox,bagel,tomato,ect if and when I return that is what I will stick with they seam to have that dish down
4	Do you prefer a mile high pastrami on rye? If so, then run, don't walk to this Chompies. On the edge of the ASU campus, it's  within a fifteen minute drive from my condo. It's best to go during "off hours", unless you don't mind waiting. Try the Matza Ball soup, it's loaded with veggies, plus a hearty broth. A breakfast special for under $5 is available everyday. The servers are friendly, cute & efficient. What else does a person want in a restaurant?
3	After going to canter's and greenblats and factors this place was all right i went with three others on a Sunday at 12:30 and the line was pretty long but we only waited 30 min for a table's when taking a few mins to look at the bake goods counter. and the freshly baked bread i saw a eclair that looked good so i thought why not try it.It should be good.It was all right I would at not time go out of my way for it. after begin sited i ordered a knish which was really oily.With a plate of three sliders.Which has sliced brisket with cheese and a small potato pancake on the bottom. What i was surprised about was i had to ask for a side of apple sauce which of you have ever enjoyed potato pancakes you have to have apple sauce seemed to me in a nut shell that we where all given large amount of food.But the food seemed to not really stand out flavor wise.
4	Great service, but the food was just okay.  The sliders were really greasy, and the chopped steak was not a steak, but rather a large ground beef burger patty,  for which I was not pleasantly surprised.  I liked the bread here the most - the challah bread was pretty decent, and the bread basket with the toasted bagel slices and rye bread were good.We came in as a group of 40 people, and they were patient, allowing us to split the bills several ways, as well as getting us our food and refilling our water in a timely and friendly manner.  Warrants an additional star to the 3-star rating I would have given for the food.
4	My first thought upon entering Chompie's, "what a neat little restaurant". It's a sit down restaurant, diner style. It's a bakery. It's a deli. All in one.Right after being seated we were served our drinks and a plate of pickles and cucumber pickles (yes, I know all pickles are cucumbers but these were halfway between still being a cucumber and a full blown pickle). Odd but a delicious and surprising appetizer.The menu is expansive... I was overwhelmed. I was originally craving a sandwich yet after quickly scanning the menu I noticed there was not a single veggie option. Sad, I moved on and quickly found 3-4 other entrees to decide between.  I finally settled on ordering the Israeli Couscous Fitness Salad *see picture*. It was HUGE and delicious. The lemon infused olive oil dressing was perfection. And I love that it came with a bialy as I badly wanted to try one here. If you are curious it's like bagel only not... it's a yeasty soft centered, crusty on the outside roll. A staple in Jewish and Polish dining. My friend ordered the Fitness Omelet which came with choice of healthy side and a bagel or bialy of your choice. She and I both enjoyed our meals and finished each bite. Being a NY style Jewish Deli, I knew not to expect too many vegetarian choices,... there are however a few options, they accommodate special requests, and there is the daily soup which is vegetarian chili.  I was also impressed at the Polish-esque  entrees, I did not try since nothing compares to my grandma's cooking in that department.Service was friendly and attentive even though the place was quite busy. As a UofA alumni, I could have done without every single server wearing ASU gear but I was in their territory after all.
2	What's the matter with Chompie's in Tempe?That's always my question and I just don't have any answer. We've eaten at this Chompie's three times and we're always disappointed. However we've eaten at other Chompie's, most often the one in Chandler, and we're stuffed and happy. I don't get it.We went with a group of Yelpers to this Chompie's because it's close to Gammage and we were all attending the opening night production of Fiddler on the Roof. So I suggested JewFood. Now, being an east coast Jew, I have certain standards which, frankly, aren't easily met in the desert. But they're not met at this Chompie's at all.I phoned at 3:00 that afternoon to give them a heads up since we were expecting twelve people (we wound up with eight - you know how Yelpers are). I gave them the count, the time and made clear that we had a time crunch, needing to be out of there by 6:00 - 6:15 at the latest. When we got there the table wasn't ready.We were seated fitteen minutes later and I told both the host and the server that we were attending the theatre and needed to eat and get going. Our food arrived at 5:45 or 5:50. I can't say for sure which it was. Had a hard time getting more pickles, I never got the lemons I asked for, sauces had to be requested repeatedly. And the food was nothing to write home to Bubbeh about. My extra lean corned beef was fatty and chewy and my daughter's patty melt, requested with extra onions came with a mere four pieces of onion. She asked for more but they didn't arrive until she was nearly done eating. I would have contested the extra charge for those onions but I had to get going or risk losing the opportunity to park in the Gammage lot. From the rumblings I heard around the table, we weren't the only disappointed diners in our party.Now I've reviewed the Chompie's in Chandler http://www.yelp.com/biz/chompies-restaurant-and-bakery-chandler and gave it five stars. So the problems clearly aren't pervasive, in my opinion. If we'd had time we would have gone to the Chompie's in Chandler or the one in Scottsdale but the Tempe location was five minutes from Gammage. Oh, well. I'll consider this my farewell address. I won't be back to the Tempe Chompie's again.
3	If you have ever been to Katz's in NYC, Kaufman's in Chicago or Cantor's in LA you need to know right away , you will be disappointed ..this isn't that kind of Jewish Deli. Now if you haven't, this might be just fine for you. Located close to ASU I wonder if they just have given up trying to really show off how good it could be. maybe feeding the students and their out of town parents is just enough for the Chompies Family. But if they do want to attract locals to come in here are some ideas: Refill water glasses at least every 15 minutes, this is salty food; pickles, pastrami , chopped liver etc...give us some water...and if you see customers sucking on ice with an empty glass take the hint... give us a nice big bowl of pickles 4 pickles in an a 10 inch dish just looks silly...show us you care like a Jewish grandma and give us a decent amount .... When you say LEAN it means no big flabby pieces of loose fat dripping off the meat on every side. Lean would be the no visible trails of flabbiness. Do something about the fries...when the person next to you says , "they taste okay when you put gravy on them" you know they are just meh... If you are giving me fries ,make them decent ..it's not that difficult. Check on your table occasionally , taking the order and bringing the food and little else makes me wonder why we even need the waitress...I will go take the order and get the food and no need to tip me.... and I refill water glasses. Chompies has the potential to be more but who am I to tell them what to do?
4	Definitely try the Jewish Sliders. They're awesome.
2	As a New Yorker, I was looking forward to trying out Chompie's since all my friends have said that I would love it. When I walked in, I could see why - The decor was New York themed, with the Yankees taking up a whole wall in the back and Broadway posters lining the walls by the bathroom. I sat down and looked at the menu, where I saw many familiar offerings.After receiving my food, however, I was disappointed. The Chopped Steak was bland and tasteless. I could not finish it. My friends that ordered other dishes didn't seem to like their meals either. The salad was okay, the fries pretty good. I would not come back for the food.The service was lackluster too; waitresses did not refill the water often enough, and my friends soon resorted to sticking ice cubes in their mouth while waiting.Very disappointed.
4	Oh my goodness. Sliders for the win!!! The Original Jewish Sliders are the bombbbbb! :D (Western ones are delicious too!)
3	The food is great!  The drinks with breakfast is fan-freakin-tastic!  The service is OK.  I actually want to give them more stars, but consistently the group of girls I go with is ignored at the end of our meal, we would get more drinks, like water refills, and like to pay our check quicker.  The good thing is they don't often mess up our order and our orders are often difficult, so that is really nice.I usually get the French omelet and greyhound, the eggs are always fluffy and yummy and the salt bagel with lox cream cheese makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  I would recommend and take anyone to Chompie's, I would warn them about the service before so to set the expectations.
3	Meh... That's really all I have to say.
2	Decent food but poor guest service upon my first visit. Not a very welcoming atmosphere. Waitresses need to brighten up....
4	The line is lonnnnnnnng on Sunday! But I can definetly see why. A friend and I split Don's Grilled Classic sandwich, which is sliced oven baked meatloaf, bacon, grilled red onion, tomato, and jack cheese on grilled parmesan sourdough. We also split an appetizer order of the Jewish Sliders, which was three mini challah rolls filled with moist lean brisket, mini potato pancakes & Jack cheese. The sliders were absolute perfection. The bread is fresh and soft, the brisket is delicious and the potato pancakes had a nice crisp edge. This is served with a small side of brown gravy which I used sparingly, as I didn't want to drown out the flavors in the sandwich too much. That meatloaf sandwich, though, while it sounds like an absolutely indulgent and delicious idea, was a little on the salty side. Bacon was crisped up very nicely but set my salt-o-meter over the edge. Too much of a good thing? But the meatloaf slices are thick and hearty. And today being the third time I've eaten here and I still haven't hit that pastry case yet... next time. Next time I will start with dessert...
3	this review is for the tempe location. yes, the line is usually long but it's worth it in my opinion. the matzo ball soup is wonderful- it reminds me of the homemade stuff i'm used to! the corned beef is always good and surprisingly, so is the grilled cheese! thier black and whites and hametashen are awesome. the service is always a+ but still acceptable. please read my review of their chandler location- i'll take the service in tempe over that any day!
5	What can I say about Chompie's that hasn't already been said? This place is amazing - delicious food, friendly staff, a clean building and oh, did I mention the delicious food? I never miss a chance to go to Chompie's.
4	Awesome food for a pretty good price. A cool New York deli style sit down where they bring you a plate of different pickles while you wait for you food. The bagels are good, however I'd rather go for their "Jewish Sliders;" they are amazing!
4	Screw the strange service.  The sliders are worth it.  Anything with slider in the title (breakfast slider, Jewish slider, bbq slider) is delicious and filling.  The challah rolls are soft and chewy, the potato pancake just the right crispness, and the meat inside is always excellent.
3	Chompie's has really good food and a huge menu!  They are really close to ASU and seem to busy all of the time.  They have breakfast, lunch and dinner options. They start you with a bowl of homemade pickles.  Not a fan, but my friends really like them.  I really like their pastrami and corn beef sandwiches and sliders.  I usually go for the sliders and a salad so I can split it with someone.  The prices are too high, especially for someone in college, so splitting a meal here is do-able based on the portion sizes and price.
2	Had a great time here with the family grandparents down to niece. Of course there is a line if you go when you want to...so there is that.I have experienced a steady decline in their food quality of late. Its been annoying. Especially since there hasn't really been a change in how busy they are. Its a kitschy place and it will always have a crowd. I probably wont be part of it any longer but would go there if its a destination for a group.
4	I had the Jewish Sliders following Adam's recommendation (Man vs. Food). You get a traditional Sunday meal Americana in a sandwich bite (including the gravy). Excellent! I'm going back for the other great stuff on the menu. You can take your desert to go as you walk through the bakery on the way out.
4	Went for the first time last weekend. We split the Aaron's sandwich which is a combo of pastrami and corned beef - swapped out the swiss cheese for American and the pickles were so good we had to ask for more!  The sandwich was delicious!  Perfectly constructed, warm and juicy!  The menu is extensive so it's difficult to make a choice but I'm sure everything is good. We'll be going back again very soon.
1	A NYC guy every so often needsa  corned beef  fix.Im used to great delis in NYC and LA  Chompies is busy and they sure make $ but the food is  below par. The corned beef was so dry and overcooked it crumbles. The rye bread they use has no guts It falls apart as you eat the sandwich and it wasnt fresh today. It has a wonder bread consistency not good crusty chewy rye. The side dishes cole salw etc are sub par. Bottom line is  Az people are not picky or discriminating especially about deli or jewish food so a place  like this can be successfulCorned beef was so salty ( why??)  chewy like it wasnt cooked properly or sub par CB who knows. The staff in tempe is pleaSANT BUT ROAMS AROUND IN GROUPS iT LOOKS LIKE THERES NO ONE IN CHARGE, NO MGR. bACK TO THE CORNED BEEF, THERE WERE END PIECES DRIED OUT STUFFED IN THE SANDWICH. Someone needs to monitor the kitchen here
4	We went to Chompie's after church on Sunday and arrived about 12:30.  The only reason that I am not giving Chompie's five stars is because after being seated, the wait for the food was long.  However, don't let that stop you from going.  The food is fantastic and worth waiting for.  I had bagels and lox and can't say enough about the smoked salmon.  It was tender and delicious.  The dish also came with sliced tomatoes (and they were actually juicy), cucumbers, red onions, lettuce and olives.  Other members of our family ordered the Biltmore Benedick - that tasty salmon on muffins, topped with eggs and a creamy white sauce - and the Chicago hot dog which has every condiment imagineable piled on top.  We ate tons of Jewish dill pickles while we waited for our food and asked for another plateful which was delivered to us ASAP.I enjoy this Chompie's more than the one at Paradise Valley Mall because it has more personality.  Be sure to check out the baked goods behind the bakery counter!  They also sell day old bagels for a discounted price that would still taste great toasted.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable and checked on us often.I haven't eaten at very many Jewish delis in NYC, but this is as good as my favorite deli in Philly.
5	There's really nothing better than breakfast at Chompies on the weekend. With pancakes the size of your head, and the BEST corned beef hash I've ever tasted, why would ever go anywhere else? Their sandwhiches are feats of engineering, and i love that you get delicious dill pickles as soon as you sit down.Their matzo ball soup has helped through many a hangover and if you're still not sure, try their baked goods! delicious rugelach and other sweet items. We went to the one on Shea for the Rosh Hashana dinner (delicious and a great deal for a couple of Jews without a large community of Jewish friends), and I have to say I like the University location better. Great ambiance with the posters what not, and the staff is always pleasant and knows how to treat you.What can i say, I LOVE this place!
3	The red velvet cake was good and the Jewish sliders were pretty tastey... but this place only gets 3 stars from me because the prices were far too expensive for a casual spot that looked like it needed a good cleaning.  I'd rather go to a clean fast casual place with reasonable pricing!
1	It looked good and o read good reviews on the place. We showed up at 1030 am on a thrs morning for breakfast. Unfortunately I can't tell you how the food was, other than the complimentary pickles that they brought with our water when we first sat down. We waited for over 15 min while several servers passed us by without speaking. We never got spoken to orthat served and afterleft 20 min wewhile finally we got up and left.
3	I've been here twice for lunch and the food was fantastic! One complaint though, service was very slow. I learned my lesson not to try to make it in and out during a 1 hour lunch break. When I have some time to relax and eat an excessive amount of knish, I will be back.
4	Huge menu, should have something you like, not all dishes are superb but everything is at least decent.
5	Potato Knish - a scoop of mashed potatoes wrapped in pastry dough. I get a little side of gravy and this hangover remedy is heaven on earth. Skip the meat-filled knish... the meat is a mixture of leftover pastrami and corned beef and it's made as one huge pie, then sliced and served to you, which means that the pastry dough doesn't cover the two biggest sides of the filling (and we all know that the dough is where it's at). The bloody mary is a little weak, too. But this isn't a bar so why should I even complain?Also, I've never had a "rainbow cookie" and was contemplating trying one today... and there were samples on the counter. I had one sample and it blew my freaking mind. But after all that knish PLUS pierogies, I was a little potatoed up to my ears this morning so I'm gonna go back later today to get a box of those dee-freakin-licious chocolate-covered spongy pieces of heaven.
4	Ok mind you I grew up with Chompies. as a child we would go bowling and go next door and get bagles on sunday morning. That was near Shea and 32nd street where they first started.I hadn't been to chompies in years but always bought their goods in the grocery store.  I was expecting the great atmosphere of my childhood.  The brothers in the back cooking and a few New Yorker men up front kicking some customer service ass and getting people their bagels and cream cheese in a quick manner.  I was disapointed when I arrived at 730 am on a saturday (late as far as I was concerned for a bakery). There were a bevy of beautiful young girls behind the counter no line and It still took me over 15min to get two bagels toasted with cream cheese to go.  Yes I was already in a bad mood but this was totaly flipping me out. I felt like jumping back there and getting it done for them.  The bagles are still good.  Not as good as I remember them but it hit the spot.so yes they still get four stars but PLEASE start teaching the help how to get things done a bit quicker.
3	Food is amazing, the service sucks. I have been in for breakfast lunch and dinner and they are all consistently under staffed. Tons of fun waiting for food, refills, check, etc. Would easily get a 5 if they can figure out their staffing issues.
4	We are from Colorado, came to Arizona on vacation for two weeks. We are always looking for a great place to eat. while watching food network, man vs food, Adam was doing a challenge at Chompies. Adam made the Sliders look so good, we decided to try Chompies out. after reading the revues on Yelp, we drove to Chompies in Chandler; although we were staying in Scottsdale were there are two locations. Arrived at Chompies early in the morning wait staff was nice and friendly. We were depending on the wait staff to help with the menu, the menu is massive, if you have never been to a N.Y style deli you will need help with some of the menu selections. After 20 minutes of looking over the menu, a few of us decided on the Jewish Sliders, my son order the Eggs Benedict, and my daughters order fruit pancakes. Let's just say the food was wonderful, the Sliders were must as Adam said, juicy, the bread was nice and sweet, and the gravy added a nice touch. The brisket is in a class all by itself, tender and flavorful. I would give 5 stars but the breakfast prices were a little high. Great place over all!
4	Came here since it was on Man vs. Food to try the food and see how it is. I ordered the Jewish Sliders that were made famous as on the show and boy was it good. I seriously can't explain just how amazing this plate is. Wish I lived in Arizona just to eat here. I didn't get a chance to try their bakery but it looks like it is really good and worth a stop. It definitely hit the spot. Beef brisket and a potato pancake sliders? Yes please! Must have meal: Original Jewish Sliders
4	good food in a great location with original decor.  One of the few places in the Phoenix area that sells American Jewish food.
4	I usually get the traditional Lox and Bagel set up to go, and not until recently did I dine in. Actually we were outside on the misted patio with our two dogs. My brother ordered an omelet of the "Healthy menu" and I ordered the French Toast off the same menu column. We did the divide and conquer thing so the waitress brought extra plates, but let me just say that is probably the best french toast (or is it freedom toast) I have had in a long time. They encrust it with nuts and granola, and it is insanely good. I think they are sometimes lacking in the service area, but not enough to write a letter to the editor. It was rather busy as we were there on a Saturday AM but we did not wait long to sit.
4	I'm not a big fan of Chompies bagels or the bakery sweets. Think the baked goods are dry and bland. This is why 4 out of 5 is in order. However, everything else on the menu is spectacular. The moist and perfectly cooked meats go well with the fresh baked bread. If you are planning on taking on the slider challenge. My advise is to tackle the starch first. They are filling and the beef brisket you left behind will slide down real easy.
4	Why is it that despite the fact that my house in North Central Phoenix is located right across the street from a large synagogue, it seems that I have to drive to the East Valley to find a good Jewish deli and bagelry.Chompie's has an overwhelmingly large menu and the service by many young college girls that they employ as waitresses is very eager and friendly. The food has always been good and the price is fair because of the overwhelming quantity of food that you receive.We stopped in yesterday for lunch after visiting the ASU Art Museum for Family Fun Day. My wife had a large bowl of split pea soup, the kids split a chicken fingers and a chocolate-chip bagel and I had the Mitch's Brooklyner sandwich which is a three layer sandwich consisting of pastrami, corned beef and brisket on rye.The other thing I love is that Chompie's is one of the few places that still sells salt bagels which are my favorite.Now I'm not Jewish and I'm not from New York, so I'm sure that there are those who would disagree, but Chompie's is far and away the best option for a deli and bakery that I have found in the Valley.
4	really enjoyed chompies went twice during my recent stay in AZ i Had the Turkey mile high sandwich it was great and so was the black/white cookie my husband had the ultimate jewish sliders and an amazing bowl of matzo ball soup i will def go back !!!
4	I was recently on a business trip in Arizona and looking for a place to eat.  We were driving and wanted to try something NOT chain.  The signage was a little misleading, as we thought this was like a small bakery.  I told my co-workers, "hooooold the phone and let me yelp a bitch!"  We were ecstatic to find that Chompie's had an EXTENSIVE menu with all kinds of dee-lish sandwiches and treats, as well as a bakery!  The waitress had to come back to our table like a hundred times because we couldn't figure out what the hell we wanted.  She suggested the pastrami.OH EM GEE, best pastrami sandwich I have EVER had, EVER!!!!  I hated my fat, bloated salty life the next day, but it was so worth the misery!  We went back to AZ a few weeks later and relied on Chompie's for another amazing meal.  I also had the grilled cheese sandwich....not so much.  Stick to the pastrami and you will be a happy camper!
5	I'll be very honest...the only reason I went here on a recent trip to Phoenix is because of Man vs. Food.Having said that...the food I had was awesome!  I got the original Jewish Brisket Sliders and it is a Jewish guy's wet dream.Three sliders made with Challah (nice!), deliciously tender brisket (nice!), crispy latke (double nice!), and an onion ring (chaching!).All served with natural cut fries and some brown gravy.The only way this would have been better is if it was served up by a half-naked Natalie Portman (you have to keep health codes in mind).Can't wait to get back to Phoenix and go to Chompie's again!
4	I've been here for various meals of the day and I've definitely enjoyed them all.  I wanted corned beef for breakfast but not with hash since I wanted to try their latkes.  It's great to have it by itself instead of being mixed with the hash.  They make great sandwiches as well and they give you plenty so you won't go away hungry.  Service is great and you won't notice the wait.  I spent more time looking over their expansive menu than waiting for the food.  Can't forget to have a real boiled bagel and you can definitely taste the quality in all that they do!
3	This place is a hit or a miss... I have occasionally had great food when I went here, while other times I have been disgusted.Their bagels are quite delicious.  They apply a lot of cream cheese, so if you are counting calories, then make sure you have them put the cream cheese on the side.I have had both the Regular Sliders and the Southwestern Sliders, and both are delicious... Try either, depending on if you would rather your meat have gravy or barbecue sauce, respectively.I would stay away from their coffee.  Something just does not taste right in it.  That, and they do not provide fresh creamers.  All in all, this is a decent place, with tons of options.  Stop on in if you're nearby, but do not drive out of your way for this one.
4	Yeah, this place is pretty good.We live in Glendale (shut it, we know) and the food is definitely worth the drive to Tempe.  While I am sure this spot was always popular due to the food and location in the heart of ASU, its cameo on Man vs. Food has done nothing if made Chompie's a must visit for out-of-towners.  Have no fear, as the food does not disappoint, ESPECIALLY the sliders.  I cannot say enough about how good those stupid mini-sandwiches are.  They receive top billing and completely deserve it.This is a deli and bakery in the truest sense of the word.   There are several menu options, but sandwiches and baked goods are the stars here.  Come hungry because Chompie's does not know the meaning of the phrase "manageable portion."  Depending on the time, you may be forced to wait for seating, but that should reinforce the notion that you came to the right place.  To give you perspective, we came in July and gladly sat outside just so we could eat sooner, desert sun be damned.  You really cannot go wrong here, but do yourself a favor and make sure somebody in your party gets the sliders just so you can steal a bite or 9.
4	An extensive menu and a diversified bakery give this place lots to offer.  Clean atmosphere, TVs, friendly staff.  A solid choice for any time of the day.
4	The sliders are awesome and I beat the Chompies challenge!...........not really.  I say this because Tuesday is the day to head over to Chompies and eat your heart to death with all you can eat sliders.  While I didn't eat the dozen sliders and beat the challenge, I did beat the price tag by going the all can eat route.Back to the real point here, the food.  The sliders were pretty damn close to perfection.  The bread was magically soft, the brisket nicely cooked to a tender and flavorful point that melts in your mouth, the potato pancake was just awesome with a crunch creamy change of pace to the texture and the sauce just dead on, not to much that the sliders were soggy.  Like I said, just about the perfect slider. The western were good also, but stick with the original.Skip the $40 challenge, head over on Tuesday and gorge yourself to death on Chompies awesome original sliders!
5	Chompies is the best. Sliders are awesome. That's all thats to it,
5	yummy yummy. I'm going to have to take an extra hot yoga class for this. just got a everything bagel with a mile high pile of cream cheese, too much cream cheese for the bagel but I'm just gonna eat it with my finger.
5	Chompies always takes care of my members, i am happy to go. Food is always great and servings are large.
3	I have been to this Chompies many many times and it is always alright, not the best Jewish deli food, but solid. I went there this morning to pick up a couple of bagels and they were good. They have a good consistency, but I've noticed the last few times I have been there and gotten everything bagels, they don't have much in the way of toppings.... not like most everything bagels. I think this location is my least favorite as they have restricted hours and the food doesn't measure up to some of their other locations.
5	For some reason I thought this place was Just a bagel shop, boy I sure was delighted to be wrong. I've had their breakfast sliders twice now and they are delish! I cant forget to mention the homestyle potatoes & sausage gravy that come along side are a perfect compliment!
1	Had a really unpleasant dining experience tonight. I've eaten here many times and it's been fine. I write this tonight hoping that a manager will read this and take corrective action. First - I had to wait 20 minutes and when I was seated the restaurant was empty except for about 4 tables. this was before 7 pm. Second when I ordered the waiter told me they were out of pastrami. How does a deli run out of pastrami?? Especially when at least half of t)e items on the menu contain pastrami!Third mthe corned beef i got instead was so fatty and tough it was hard to eat.Fourth I had to wait half an hour after I finished eating to have my plate cleared and get a check. Fifth when I left at about 7:50 they had locked the front door and wanted me to go out into their very dark parking lot through a side door. There were several other tables still eating but they turned out the lobby lights after I left - closing time is at 8. Last the staff - while not really rude - had NO interest in the customers. They blew everything off, didn't speak except to tell me the front door was locked (one girl said it wasn't and opened it for me). They made it abundantly clear that they could care less about their work- and I am a very uncrabby easy-going diner.Oh, yeah, and the bagels I bought to bring home were hard as a rock.It will be a LONG time before I return.
5	Loved the sampler of different pickles.The decor was fun.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly, explaining to us the menu our first time there.  We had the reuben sandwich and the sliders.  Both were delicious.We didn't have any space left for dessert, but we did pick up some pastries for the drive home.
4	I grew up going to Chompie's and feel like i've had so many things from their menu but haven't even come close to trying it all -- their menu is like a novel.  Breakfast -- love their mexican options like their chilequiles, all of their bagels are amazing -- I recently tried a salt bagel with pumpkin cream cheese mmm. Lunch/dinner -- they make amazing matzah ball soup, all of their sandwiches are huge and amazing, plus they have a bunch of bread options - I love their egg salad one.  Desserts -- they have really yummy pastries like cookies, cupcakes and typical jewish ones like hamantaschen
5	I had one of the skillets, and was very impressed.  Huge portions of food, and all of it was quite good.
5	I flew out of Atlanta at 7:45 AM EST, and landed in Phoenix Sky Harbor at 10:45 MST.  At around 2:30 PM, I was sitting in Phoenix Municipal Stadium watching Fall League baseball, and I realized that the last food I ate were airplane peanuts.  In right field was an advertisement for Chompie's, and after acknowledging the hunger, it became all-consuming.  I grew cranky, and my head began to throb.  I was pleased when the game ended in seven innings due to a lack of pitchers or something, instead of disappointed at being denied a full game after coming from so far, but I was got-damn hungry, so I was out the gate and in my rental bee-lining to Chompie's.The location is extremely easy to get to on the predictable grid-like roadways of Phoenix, and there's plenty of free parking, which starts this visit on the right foot.  The interior is relatively clean, open, and welcoming to small groups or possibly families, with a good amount of seating available.  There was no wait for me on a Friday afternoon, between lunch and dinner.As much as I enjoy Man v. Food, and challenging everything that Adam Richman does, my track record isn't that great.  That being said, I was tempted to undertake the infamous slider challenge, but the truth is that I've never had the sliders before, so I didn't even know if I would like them, let alone be capable of eating five pounds of them.  So just a regular order of sliders was all I ordered.When they arrived, I was in awe.  These were no dinky Krystal/White Castle sliders that I associate with the food description slider.  They were larger, fresher, and oh so beautiful.  Before even taking the first bite, my expectations shot through the roof.And my beautiful god, did they not disappoint.  I swear I was on the cusp of tears after the first bite.  I know I was starving when I ate, but they were just genuinely fantastic.  I want to put a potato pancake on everything I eat from now on, because a combination of the tender meat and slightly crisp along the edges potato pancake made everything make sense.  The gravy only made things better.Words really can't express just how good these things were.  When I tried, some inappropriate words came out of my mouth.  Despite the fact that it was my first meal on my trip, and I was visiting for just a few days, I knew a second trip was in order.  After the three sliders, I was pretty content, so I don't think I would've been able to finish off a challenge.But I'll just swear by them regardless, and declare that the next time I'm out in Arizona, Chompie's is mandatory.
4	Day after thanksgiving me and my buddy thought we would have breakfast at Chompies. The place was crowded but we got seated right away. At first glance it looked like any other major deli, but after seeing the menu I saw that they have a different kind of selection. Wanting to try a something new I went for the famous "Original Jewish sliders" as featured on Man vs Food. They are 2 pieces of challah with latka and and brisket, topped with cheese.  It was great, and It was super filling. I don't know how he had 11 of them. I was full after 3. They are packed and rich with ingredients. My friend ordered the Spanish omelet, and he said it wasn't very good, but he finished it cause he was hungry. Overall I would have to try more stuff on the menu to really judge this place. The service was pretty good, and friendly, but a lot of the food just looks average.
3	I absolutely LOVE Chompie's.  The breakfast is incredible.  The problem at this location is the service.  It is obviously staffed by ASU students due to the proximity to the college and they seem more intent on chatting than doing their jobs.The food is great, when you actually get YOUR food and not the order of table next to you.  THREE times a server walked by my table and just dumped a plate of food in front of me,with hardly a glance at me or my companion.  Not a single time was it MY order.When I did get my order of two eggs, potatoes, bacon, and the customary bagel, it was very good.  My companion could not say as much for his grilled cheese on Challah bread.  It was greasy and mediocre.I do recommend their bakery though- take home an eclair and you will not regret it!
4	I ordered a very delicious breakfast combo consisting of whole-wheat pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon. The pancakes are unexpectedly large and the perfect thickness that I liked. Aside from the long wait time to get seated, the food was excellent and worth it. I'd probably stop by again and try their other dishes that also looked amazing.
3	Eh, this place is just okay.  My partner is from NYC and was hopeful he'd found a place that could make a pastrami sandwich like he eats at home.  He was disappointed and my veggie chili was just okay too.  Not on my list of places to return...
3	I want to love Chompie's, but every time I venture in it's simply an average experience.Average in breakfast quality and price, Chompie's is a great place to go if you're looking for brunch on the weekends. Expect a wait when you get there!While the atmosphere is comfortable and the service was average, there's not a lot that makes Chompie's super special. The eggs benedict I ordered was good but not extraordinary. The portion sizes and prices were equivalent. The service was complimentary but expected at such an established joint.Experience Chompie's at least once but don't pull in thinking you'll have the best breakfast of your life. Comfortable, easy, and average.
4	Good bagels and I'd recommend for some breakfast nosh.
1	We hadn't even gotten our chow when I decided this place was, at best, a 2. Why? Marginal service and marginal foodPROS: the bus boy was busting his hump and doing a damn good jobCONS: food was on the tail end of warm. How does this happen in a place 10% full at 0730 on a Thursday?  Service was less than pleasurable: our waitress exacerbated a sour experience by coming across like she wished she was somewhere else, far away. Anyway, she arrived about 5 mins after we were seated--it's a workday morning--I want to eat and go!    Drink order is executed and another 5 mins passes. It's coffee and a soda, not fresh squeezed kiwi juice--why 5 mins?  We finally place the order, and our server stops at 4 tables to refill water, bus table, and take an order. Hey! How about getting my order in the system? "Crispy bacon, please!" was a bridge too far; sausage links didn't even get to the warm category, as the first bite led me to question if the sole grill mark was an act of cosmetology or a malignant omen.  Come on, really?I've done Chompies 3x, all for bfast, primarily due to convenience of location to ASU. Each time the chow is no better than average, service just an okay. Today, Chompies failed me. I won't be coming back.Cheers!RS
4	Love Chompies. Takes me back ten years to life on the east coast. The Pastrami and Chicken noodle soup combo was outstanding this last visit.
4	Chompies has the best matzo balls ever! Their service is pretty awful so I don't eat in very often, but when I'm feeling under the weather there's nothing like an order of matzo ball soup to go! I think it's a bit pricey, but since there's no where else to get this stuff, I can't really complain. I get the small size soup with an extra matzo ball and the total is around $7. (I love the matzo balls but have never been a big soup fan; I like just enough soup to keep the matzo balls warm)
3	Visiting Tempe for the week, and after watching the episode of Man V Food for this place, I have been wanting to try it out. Got there and split an Original Slider dish with my brother, 3 sliders with brisket and the potato pancake (which just takes like a hashbrown, was expecting more, maybe a little more crispiness). And we also upgraded to the delicious onion straws and it came with a tasty gravy and I think also some chipotle, which I couldn't stop eating. $11.99 + $2.99 for the onion strawsTried some Hot Pastrami on Sourdough sliced bread, it was... eh. I thought I read that the pastrami was supposed to be really good but I might have read wrong or something. I guess we found out the pastrami was steamed later, so thats why the pastrami had a weird texture and not too much flavor, but oh well. Came with choice of potato salad or coleslaw. $7.99Also tried some Lovey's Oreo Cheesecake just for the hell of it. The temperature was cool, I prefer it colder. But not bad. On the menu it was $5.25, but they charged us $4.95. Also came some pickles. The service was nice and quick.All in all, decent food, sliders were the best part, great service, I probably won't be back since I'm only here for a week, but at least I can finally say I tried it.
4	I have never had sliders and matzo ball soup as tasty as Chompie's. Their normal sized portions are huge, they dish out a lot of meat, and I love the NY theme inside. It isn't mind blowing enough for me to become a regular however I'm glad my cousins took me to this place
4	Hi Chompies! You're the fantastic! Your Chorizo Con Queso is amazing and so is your bakery (rainbow cookies are bomb). I love the environment, your helpful staff, and GOOD food!
4	The food is delicious. This spot is always busy, from early morning until later afternoon. They even have a Chompie's Challenge to eat a bunch of mini sandwiches. It has a New York, Jewish deli type feel. I'd recommend it!
5	Jewish Sliders are the second best thing on the face of the planet for hangovers. The service is usually slow and not very attentive. On weekends there is a 10 minute wait at least - but the food speaks for itself. Sammi's munchy crunchy wrap in both original and buffalo is a close second of my favorites. I would always get some chocolate milk and possibly a mimosa. Bagels are obviously great and they give you pickles! Can't beat that.
3	{Actual Date of Visit: 12/21/2011}Yay, a NY inspired spot!  I came here with some friends during finals week.  It was very lively!  I needed a cranberry mimosa stat!!  It was yummy!  Bobka Crumb French Toast.  I'm a sucker for French Toast!  It was good, but just a tad bit soggy with all the toppings.  All 3 of my friends ordered the chicken and waffles due to the rave reviews.  Unfortunately, one of my friends had to send hers back because it was lukewarm.  The other one felt the chicken and waffles wasn't authentic due to the use of chicken fingers and didn't like the cheese and corn added to hers.  *Shrug* Looked good to me.  The waitress was such a sweet girl!So many choices! I'll have to come back!
4	Really good Jewish breakfast sliders, Jewish sliders, and buffalo benedict.
4	I've eaten here three times and three times I got the Jewish sliders.  You really just can't go wrong with them :)  The only downside is because it's right on ASU campus, this place is PACKED basically at all times during the weekend but it's SOOOO worth the wait.
4	Love the pickles that are placed on the table as you sit down. I had one of the best salads I have ever had here! It was loaded with goodies - avocado, tomatoes, feta cheese, chicken, and much more! I can't remember what this salad was called, but I wish I lived out here so I could get it again and again!Our food took a little longer than usual to come out, but no biggie! Everything was so darn good, I wish Chompie's was available in Chicago. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Chompie's is a Tempe staple!
5	My very first (has been several times since) was awesome.  A friend took me there.  While waiting for the check, a waitress (that didn't even take care of us) told my friend and me to please wait.  We looked at each other wondering what was going on.  She came back with an envelope.  She explained to my friend that the last time he was there, he over paid! Mind you, this was over 3 months ago (according to him) since his last visit there.  Now THAT is impressive!  Anyone that is that honest and has ethics like that, the restaurant chose a great server!!Since then, I have brought my son, mother (from out of town) and my friends there.  ALL love it! I even refer my customers who have come back telling me how awesome the experience and food was!
4	I split the jewish sliders and pastrami (as recommended by the other yelpers on this page) and was absolutely delighted!  I love the pickles at the beginning of the meal, the fried potatoes inside my silders, the heaping mounds of meat in the pastrami sandwhich, and that huge, happy bloated feeling as I waddled out the door.  All in all, great service, great food.  Come hungry, eat lots.  :)
4	This is a really great deli. It stacks up with the big name places that I have been to in NYC and Chicago. Very impressive.They have both a sit down restaurant and take out area. I actually got a bit confused by that since most of the delis I have been to everyone goes through the takeout line and then sits down if they want or takes it out. oops! Other than that little bit of confusion I had a great experience. I got a pastrami sandwich that was piled SUPER high just like you would get out east. The pastrami was cut a bit on the thinner side, but it was VERY good. I got a side of potato salad that was also pretty good but nothing to call home about. Service was very nice... I couldnt decide between the corned beef or pastrami but the girl behind the counter said to go with the pastrami. The wait was not long at all for my food. I took my to go order outside and ate on the patio since it was a beautiful night. If I am ever back in the area I will definitely be coming back, maybe for some breakfast too since they had some good looking bagels and such.
3	Chicken schnitzel was amazing. Service was slow and server didn't know the menu. Didn't know what a knish was.
5	Shortly after my plane landed we headed to Chompie's because we saw the Man vs. Food challenge. We ordered the Reuben sandwich to split and a Jewish slider.Man was it enough food. The classic reuben was delicious to say the least.Pretty sure I had the best fries I've ever had as well. The slider was very very good Please go to Chompie's.
5	Must try the jewish sliders!
2	A semi-delicious breakfast slider composed of a latke, turkey sausage patty, fried egg, and cheese on an egg roll is $3.50.A glass of orange juice is $3.99 and the refills are NOT free.What's the deal, shlameel?
1	Ordered "Rare Roast Beef" straight from the menu and it came out well done. Told my server, he came back from the kitchen and told me "we actually don't have rare roast beef." How do you call yourself a deli?
3	Had the All-American breakfast OVER HERE AT THE CHOMPINATOR. It was pretty legit but nothing special. It doesn't disappoint let's put it that way YEEAAAH! Oh and the waitress lied about the orange juice being non-concrentrated. Dollar tip!
5	Chompie's is pretty awesome. They have a great menu with mile high sandwiches! Everything I've eaten from there has been great and the service has always been awesome as well. I love all of the pastries that they have, I had been looking for some decent cannoli's in Tempe for a while when I stumbled across this place. Definitely a great place to go for a sandwich or breakfast.
2	Popped in for take-out because the brothers wanted to try Chompie's Jewish sliders.  It was all Adam Richman's fault.  But when you hear it's a fresh-baked-from-scratch mini challah roll filled with moist lean beef brisket, real Jack cheese and a homemade potato pancake (latke) with a savory brown gravy on the side, you just want to try it.  Unfortunately, it was just okay.  The matzoh ball soup wasn't bad but my black & white cookie was dry.  Pleh.  Plus service was deplorable.
1	Awful service.  Despite the restaurant being half empty we were put on a wait because our party of 5 was too big to sit.  They continued to seat 3 parties of 2, before I went to ask how long the wait would be.  I was told awhile.  Servers had time to sit and talk but couldn't possibly be bothered to help us.  We left and enjoyed the Kona Grill for lunch.
5	I love coming here for breakfast. I've ordered about 4 different items and they are all outstandingly delicious. It's usually pretty busy when I go on the weekends, but it's like a 5 minute wait to be seated- which is fine. I really love this food and this place, I highly recommend it.
2	It was not a busy night and the hostess was nowhere to be seen.  Ended up waiting for quite a bit.  The nice lady behind the deli counter sensed my annoyance and seated me.  The waiter brought a small glass of water and a tiny tray of quarter-sliced sour and half-sour pickles.  I really like the sours but not so much with the half-sours.  I ordered a full corned beef sandwich with Coney Island knish (my fave).  The waitress brought my order and I went right into the sandwich.  The corned beef left  something to be desired.  The corned beef was pretty dry so I had to drown the corned beef in mustard to make it more palatable.  The knish was overcooked and slightly burned leaving an off-putting taste, so again the mustard saved the night.The only highlight of this dinner was a seven-layer cake.  It was delicious.I was disappointed with their service and food quality.  I don't know if they had an off night.  I am a native New Yorker and have gone to Chompie's quite a few times and normally they delivered.
1	Waited on hold for someone to take my togo order for 7 minutes. Went down to pick up my 2 sandwhiches ($27) .  Both sandwhiches were missing the cole slaw side and we had to HUNT for the sauerkraut on Ruby's Reuben. This is not the first time you have meesed up my order, though it will be the last.
3	Deli and cakes were alright, but the highlight here is the sliders. Get the slider appetizer with any other meal, and it'll be worth it.
4	Oh Chompies, how I love you. I've been here several times and have never really had a bad experience. Sure, the wait is long-especially if you come here for brunch on the weekend but the wait is totally worth it. And hey! If you have a dog, this place is totally dog-friendly on the patio! :DThe portions are huge! Maybe it's just me, but every time I go I feel like I can maybe eat half of my meal-so you're definitely getting your money's worth. Some of my favorite things to order there are the bagel skins, tuna melt (rye and swiss-best evereverever), and the french toast. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here. The only qualm I have is when I come here for brunch and order a mimosa. The so-called "large" mimosa is a joke. It's a regular size drink you'd get anywhere else. Overall, a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch!
1	Bad waffles. Tasted like they were frozen then microwaved before serving.
2	Foods good or above average but you pay for it.  I didn't see any great deals or even average deals.  It  would have been better if it was warm thus brings us to the service. Both times I have been there the wait staff were in way over their heads and realy didn't seem to care.  Even the bus boys seemed lost.  BY the time we got our food it was cold and you could tell it had been sitting around for awhile. Our order was wrong from appitizer to entree to drinks and no offer for dessert even if we had wanted it.  Totally forgot  the appitizer with no kind compensation of since they messed up.  Drinks were empty most of the meal and I'm a slow drinker. That said, we did like the food.  But I won't be going out of my way to eat there again.  We drove in from the east valley  to eat there, but it's just not worth the gas.
5	We went there yesterday a I enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fantastic, because they had a tv, plus they have a lot of pictures of Man V. Food, when Adam Richman came here. The service is good, because they waited for us to order, and were very patient.   I ordered the Jewish Slider like Adam did, but I didn't take the challenge. 1 order of Jewish SIiders are 3 sliders. The sliders were awesome. The meat was tender and really juicy. The cheese didn't really make a difference, it just added a little flavor, but the bun soft and chewy, and buttery which tasted like pancakes without syrup, and it was fresh. The potato pancakes put the lid on the jar. The potato pancakes aren't just a creative idea, it was very crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. There are 3 reasons why this isn't a normal slider. Reason number one is the Potato Pancakes, reason number two is the meat isn't a patty, and grinded beef that made that slider interesting. Reason number three is that the cheese is melted. REALLY melted. I will go again, because the sliders are amazing.
3	There is so much I love about chompies. Pastries are great. Love that I can get my fox's u-bet syrup there,lots of stuff. But,even in the newer place in chandler It still feels dirty. I think the atmosphere is just too early bird special. It keeps me away more than I would like.
5	Good food for the #1 Jewish gamer in the world Tarfu to eat at
5	I went to Chompies tonight with Valley Movie Group of meetup.comThis is the first time I've ever been to Chompies and I couldn't wait to run home and tell you how AHMAZING! my sandwhich was. I ordered the Aaron's Choice which is hot corned beef and pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll.This sandwhich was huge and stuffed full of meat. I assumed I would only be able to eat half and take the rest for lunch tomorrow. That's what I thought UNTIL I sunk my teeth into that sandwhich. It was soooo goood. The meat was tender and melted in my mouth. I could not stop eating and eating. This sandwhich could solve all my problems. This sandwhich makes the world a better place to live in.I would recommend this sandwhich to ANYONE.Service was great as well.
4	Great great great. I have never been but had a chance to pop in today and check it out. it's exactly what I expected and more. Super legit NY style deli. I went with the Jewish Sliders ($11.99). they came with three good size sliders with brisket, crispy potato pancake and cheese on Chollah bread. It also came with a side, I chose the macaroni salad and was super happy with it. it also came with thi sawesome gravy that i was head over heels for. All in all, a great spot to get a killer sandwich and authentic bagels.
4	Everything is good. Get there early for breakfasts as there's always a line! Huge deli to browse while you wait. The menu is overwhelming so take your time or get some recommendations from your server. Some of my Breakfast favs:Chompies Benedict Bagel Breakfast Skins - the bagel flesh is removed and then filled w/scrambled eggs, chopped bacon, green onions, potatoes, and topped with melted cheddar cheeseBobka Crumb French Toast is AMAZING if you want sweet this is it!Corned Beef Hash -- order extra crispy if you like some crunch like I doAll very good!
2	Went here for breakfast since it was recommended. Service was very good since it was a busy morning.  I thought it was odd they service pickles with your drinks but hey I love pickles so I ate some! I ended up order french toast but the new york style. It was really fried so get ready for something greasy.  I think it wasn't what I expected so I did not enjoy it as much as I enjoyed my boyfriends bagel egg sandwich. Will try again another day.
5	Chompies has the best bagels in AZ. Period.Most places under cook their bagels, and they are too doughy- like Einstein's. Chompies bagels are unmatched and very tasty, along with their cream cheese, which comes in a ton of different flavor options.
2	I ordered the pastrami here and it was terrible. Everything about my sandwich sucked. The quality of the meat was very low, they used way to much cooking oil(on the "baked" pastrami), the pieces of bread they gave me were tiny, and the lettuce was brown! I was so disappointed. The service was nothing to brag about either. I don't think I will be returning.I've enjoyed their bagels separately and I will admit their breakfast menu looked enticing. It is a sorry excuse for a deli though. If you're looking for a sandwich I would not recommend this place.
4	I love Chompies. Their food is always good especially the latkes and the breakfast anything. They aren't very good at caramelizing onions but most of the time they get my order right.
4	Can't believe I haven't reviewed yet.  Today got the Jewish sliders, just simply great meal. Along with the chicken soup, yum,yum,yummy.  I also love they have bialys, I usually get the corned beef hash and get a bialy. Of course the side of pickles is a great compliment to the meal. Only drawback at this place, parking. Been to PV location, but Tempe is my favorite. Plus the Chompie's Rewards is an added plus.
2	Went here for Christmas Day lunch with my husband and another couple. Chompie's was featured in The AZ Republic as being one of the few restaurants open. We went at noon and there were already 15-20 people in front of us waiting for a table. Not surprised about this, so we were ready to wait.  Customers kept coming in and tables opened up but no one was getting seated. Finally someone in our party asked what was going on.  They told us that they were behind in the kitchen and not seating anyone until they got caught up.  More people kept coming in to the point where there was no standing room left. People started walking out. We asked if we could could sit down even if we knew we weren't going to get served soon.  Was told no--that's not what they do. Finally a waitress came over to seat us because we had "already made a fuss." Really!!! Is that what you tell a customer. They explained that they were short handed because of the holiday. How about staffing up when you know you are going to be slammed on a holiday???Food finally arrived. My soup was cold as we're my husband's French fries. Sandwich ok. Other couple seemed ok with their food. Overall, took almost 3 hours to get out of there.Every time someone has suggested Chompie's in the past, I cringe because of their bad service. And this was beyond bad. And the rude, frustrated staff didn't help. Buy some good Boar's Head from your local grocery store and save yourself some headaches and time and make your own sandwiches at home.
2	We visited chompies nearly every Sunday for 5 years. The food for us was really good until about 2 years ago, the quality started going down hill, I imagine it was due to the economy. We still went religiously, even though the food was hit or miss. About 4 months ago we went and I had the worst experience of my life. I ordered my usual, the eggs benny with smoked salmon... when they dish was brought out i could smell the fish, i knew it wasn't fresh. After arguing with the waitress she took it back and brought me a new one, which still smelled aweful, I took a few bites and couldn't finish it. 45 minutes later i experience the worst food poisoning of my life... I called to let them know to not use that fish, no idea if the message got to the kitchen... emailed them a complaint and never heard a word. All hope is not lost though! we found a new local breakfast place that we love, so maybe it is for the better. You will be missed Chompies....
4	I doubt I can say anything that hasn't already been written. It is a great NY style deli located in the middle of Arizona- sort of. Every time I have eaten at Chompies it has been a very good experience. I have only gone during weekdays so I never really had to wait. The service is always friendly. The sandwiches are always piled high with meat and there are a lot of options to select from. It is difficult not to figure out something that you like. It is a little pricey, that would be the only draw back, but I never left where I wasn't stuffed.
2	I took my dad to the resturant a couple months ago and the first time for him was a good experiance.  the second day we went back it was not so good experiance.  So I have waited a couple months to go back and may never go back again.  We watied forever to get our food, about 45 min, when i approached the hostess to check she said no, this nice young waiter said he would, and poof it was out.  Not to mention they were still wrapping the silverware by grabing the fork by the prongs and not the bottom part, big health violation.  When i did get my order the waitress gave me the wrong bagel and she forgot the home fries.  I am seeing a pattern that one should sit in the male waiter section because they are not bitchy.  It is sad for the waitresses, because i have been know to tip a 100% of my bill since breakfast is so reasonable.  I don't think the owners and managers that the attitude of the young ladies is so poor and that reflects badly on the resturant.  I don't think i will go back to this one for a long time.
5	By far, the best Bagels west of NY City! Many flavors bagels are usually still warm from the oven no matter what time of day I go there. Bakery goods and Deli area items are top quality too with a huge selection. Pasteries & desserts are amazingly delicious. A+++++
3	Not for the faint of heart or appetite or the New York Deli purist. We arrived late on a Sunday morning and the wait was not too long and fairly orderly. The menu at this place is huge, which I liked. While we waited, we perused the bakery case where there were a variety of delicious looking pastries. The big thing here apparently is the Jewish slider, and I had to try it because, where else am I going to get such a thing? I ordered the gravy on the side and thoroughly relished two out of the 3 velvet brisket,crisp latke, j ack cheese and gravy sandwiches on homemade challah rolls. They were quite tasty but I cannot believe anyone could eat 12 of these things to get on the wall of fame, or whatever it is. My sweetie had a fantastic bacon omelet with a jalapeno cheddar bagel. They do have salted caramel cream cheese which is just too weird for me, but BF enjoyed his  bagel with plain cream cheese and house potatoes in case there was a serious carb shortage. . Service was sweet, iced tea refills kept coming. Only problem was our server brought the check before asking if we wanted dessert....we had to grab some of the sweets to go and ,although eye appealing, the cannoli  were not the highlight of the meal. I do have a question though? How do you explain all the lovely young and thin Arizona State students ensconced in booths eating mammoth portions of food? How does that work? I could not eat here often, or they would be wheeling me out , but definitely worth a trip for the "Jewish" sliders.
3	There are a handful of places just minutes from Mill Ave that I think of when it's time for breakfast when I don't want to drive too far - Chompie's never disappoints! On rare occasions, there won't be a wait - so don't show up starving in case there is one. Love the bagels here (OBVIOUSLY) even though I just like plain with cream cheese. Great with a cup of regular coffee and omelet. I ordered hash for the first time last week. Served with lots-o-meat, but wasn't the best I've had - so I'll stick with omelets from now on.P.S. Chompie's has these ridiculously good cookies you can eat (or bring home) while waiting called Rugelach - OMG - where have they been all my life? The apple or light colored ones are the best! Now I hope there is a line every time I go just as an excuse to eat these before breakfast.
5	I love this place!!!!!!  Nothing like fresh food that's GOOD!!!I slid into home and I'm SAFE! At Chompie's
2	I have never eaten here before and I don't think I will ever come back. I arrived around 5:30 pm with my parents, my son, and my niece. Chompie's has a patio so we asked to sit outside. There were other people sitting outside as well. The hostess said, "Let me check to see if someone will serve you out there." From my experience working at restaurants with patios, if someone wants to sit outside, you seat them outside. Anyways, she came back and said, "Oh the patio is closed now." Since when do restaurants close the patio especially on a beautiful day like yesterday? I wanted to complain, but just shrugged it off. The menu is very large, but nothing looked very appetizing to me. I ordered the caesar salad and baked potato soup. The soup was okay, but the salad was not very good. It was mostly iceberg lettuce and did not have much taste at all. Not impressed at all.
5	To be completely honest, I had had a bit of a rough go as far as Scottsdale/Tempe dining had gone during my recent weekend visit for Spring Training. Fortunately, that all changed when I walked through the doors of Chompie's Deli.Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?Excellent on all fronts. Whether you're here for just a quick dessert at the bakery or for a full dining blowout with a big group (which was my case, having walked in 13 deep), Chompie's has you covered, and even our rowdy bunch was quickly accommodated by a friendly staff. Well done. Star Granted.Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?Having seen Adam Richman fail to take on the slider challenge here at Chompie's, there was no doubt in my mind that I was going sliders here. While you can get three and a side for $12 ($4 per slider), you can grab the 12-slider challenge tray for $40 ($3.33 per slider). Whichever way you go, it's totally worth it. Three sliders is more than enough for a meal and the side is the cherry on the cake. I opted for the tray with half "Jewish" and half "Western":http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LXp_5OlR7luoCdbj1HV0sg&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHgBoom baby. Fair prices. Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Wow. Honestly this was excellent. I've had sliders in the past, but nothing like the Jewish sliders here at Chompie's. The meat was great and rolls an excellent compliment, but it was the mini potato pancakes inside that really had me over the moon. They were great plain, they were great with gravy, they were great with bbq sauce, and they were great with garlic ranch, all of which were provided with very good potato-wedge style fries. This was a great experience. Dual Stars Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I absolutely would. Not only does a massive menu compliment fair prices, a great staff and brilliant desserts at the bakery, but the sliders are unlike anything I've ever experienced. Excellent. Star Granted.
4	3 stars for the food (I'm a deli snob from NY and the rye bread fell apart with the Russian dressing on it long before I could get to the 2nd half of the sandwich). However, 5 stars for my server, Aubrey, who did a PHENOMENAL job of providing outstanding customer service. GIVE THAT WOMAN A RAISE !!!
1	Service very good, front desk excellent but the Greek salad was awful, it was very oldand saggy lettuce with nothing on top other than lots of onion and little piece of "Greek cheese", then I ordered  chicken on top, they put sliced chicken deli style out of refrigerator, it was terrible, the price very expensive. First and last time I ever go there.
3	Brisket was dry and flavors were not so great
4	The menu is astounding, so many choices. Truly something for everyone - Jewish classics, Mexican items, super-healthy items, super NOT healthy items, Dr. Brown's sodas.The breads are really good as they make them themselves - I noticed the buns on the burgers and sliders are definitely better quality than the typical delivery buns other restaurants have to choose from. YUMMY hot pastrami on rye!Prices a bit high. But I will say it's a LOT of food, and easily creates another meal to go, or two of us share one!Atmosphere: Love the NY murals all over the walls, complete with subway signs. If I were from NY, I'd feel at home again.We have no complaints. Everyone has been friendly, service timely, and no problems at all.TIP: GREAT matzo ball soup, one of the best around according to my Jewish friends.
3	If you want a lot of breakfast food, without even realizing you order a lot of breakfast food, then stop by Chompies. It was a saturday morning, and the place was packed, which reminded me of a bob evans after sunday church. Word of advice, don't read the whole menu. Have an idea of what you're craving before opening the menu, and go straight to that section. Omelet, sandwich, salad, whatever. Their menu is extensively dizzying and could give you a seizure if you stare too long at it.I simply ordered some strawberry pancakes and my fiance ordered an omelet with some home fries and toast. I got a huge stack that had 3 pancakes with whipped cream, strawberries and syrup. My fiance's order was equally as big. She also ordered a napolean for dessert (at 9 am?) and it was way too sweet and a little on the stale side. I would guess Chompies is not known for their dessert section.Overall, if you want good breakfast, and a lot of it at a reasonable price, then give this place a try.
3	This was my first and last visit to Chompie's. The food was pretty good...I had the Monte Christo. Our waitress was nice and the service was good. BUT, our booth smelled like stinky feet. I kept getting whiffs of the foot funk and thought it was my imagination. I finally mentioned it to my husband and he smelled it too. Picturing all the sweaty asses that sat on that booth before me was enough for me to never, ever return. And to think, I used to hate the managers who made me wipe down the booths back in the day when I waitressed in college to support my  drinking habit.
2	Chompie's is an Arizona staple and huge with the ASU community as most of their servers, decorations and customers are either ASU students or parents of. That being said, Chompie's is known and loved by AZ natives. I'm not a native, or an ASU student, I just came here for good food and I hate to say, I wasn't particularly impressed.The place is very much diner style: casual, overly decorated and giant portions. I got a greek skillet with the traditional fried egg, potatoes, veggies and feta cheese (to actually make it "greek"). The skillet was quite large and exploding with ingredients, but there was really nothing special to the food itself. After I drowned it in hot sauce it became a little less bland, but I only managed to eat half of it before I lost interest. There really wasn't anything particularly special: the components tasted pre-made and assembled. The prices were very manageable for the size of the meal and our ASU-student-server was pretty nice. I don't doubt that this is a traditional and 'regular' spot for many people in the valley, I just wanted more out of my breakfast.
4	First time at Chompie's was today for breakfast and we were not disappointed. Great choices and  great food. The northern omelet was filled with corned beef hash and covered with melted cheddar and the granola pancakes were huge and delicious.
5	Our family of four went to Chompies following ASU graduation yesterday. The line was out the door and it was very crowded but we had agreed to wait as long as necessary as we love the food here. What impressed me most at this visit was the attitude of the staff.  Mitch was working hard trying to accommodate everyone, with and without reservations and the hostesses and servers kept their high energy positive attitudes up even when guests were vocal about their disappointment about the wait. The service at the table was perfect, as if we were the only ones there and they kept refilling my husband's complimentary pickles. I can't begin to imagine how our server managed to do everything she did with a smile.  The food is delicious, it's clean as a whistle and the staff is great. All trips to ASU include at least one trip to Chompies.
3	(Lyrics - Deep Blue Something - Breakfast at Tiffany's)I'll say, we should go to ChompiesA coffee ground to start withOr we'll start to fall asleepI'll say, Adam from Man vs. Food was hereHe did the sliders challenge and lostStill I know you just don't careAnd I said what about Breakfast at Chompies?She said I think I remember that showAnd as I recall I think, we both kind o' liked itAnd I said well that's, the one thing we've gotChompies has been serving East Coast style breakfast in the valley since 1979!  Located close to ASU Campus this place is packing with tradition and memories.  Breakfast is served throughout the day.  Pick up some fresh made pastries and bagel on your way in or out!  Last first time came I ordered he All American Breakfast -- YUMMY! Crispy bacon, warm turkey sausage, crispy hash browns, and over easy eggs. I'm a sucker for good breakfasts.  The 2nd time I came I ordered the Breakfast of Champions.  Let's just say I wasn't a champion this time around.  I finished my eggs and bacon, but man those pancakes or ginormous!  I think I ate 1/3 even though I was trying to carb load for my run that day.  Eaters be aware; the portion sizes hard HUGE!  The place itself is made like a deli shop.  I don't think much has changed since the open since it seem pretty dated.  It was fun searching for the different Broadway plays painted on the walls which brought back great memories.Our service was excellent and the waitress seems to know a lot about the large menu.  Yes, not only were the portions huge....the menu itself was HUGE!  First timers I would definitely stay with breakfast.  You can't go wrong there! - Enjoy!
4	Everything is so good.
3	My job will order catering from Chompie's a few times a year but until I saw this restaurant featured on Man Vs. Food I never thought to visit.  I've been a couple times now and I've enjoyed it both times.  The staff was friendly, the food is good and enjoy the pickles a lot!While I've had many different items from their menu when they have catered for my work I've only had the Jewish Sliders in their restaurant and I really enjoy them.  The normal serving is too much food for me so I always end up with some left overs for later.  Thankfully they still taste great after spending some time in the fridge.
4	Problem one . . . thought I knew what I was going to order before I got there (snuck a peek at there menu) . . . but the menu was just too larger for me to decide.  With that said . . . I let the person buying lunch decide for me . . . their choice for me . . . the Jewish Sliders.Problem two . . . they were so good that three didn't seem like enough while I was devouring them.  Good thing I didn't order more . . . after a long conversation catching up with my friend . . . I realized that three was just right.The food was good and hot, moist and tasty, and the pickles were just enough garlicy.  I will definately be back.Oh, why not five stars . . . the air conditiong was blasting . . . and even though it is Arizona and over a hundred degrees outside . . . it was darn right chilly inside . . . turn that thermostat up about 5 degrees . . . please.
5	I've only been here twice and I grew up in Mesa and went to ASU. wtf.had the huevos rancheros over the weekend. It was awesome! cute girls, great service. I like.
4	New York style restaurant. The decor makes you feel like you are in NY. Great food, feels fresh and made with care. People are very nice and friendly. I had a great breakfast. Would love to visit again. Its very close to ASU campus. What I loved the most was the pricing.
5	The BBQ salad is tremendous.  Love this place for breakfast and HUGE portions.  Fast paced staff always seems to be helpful enough.
2	My husband and I were out in Tempe today and stopped in to have brunch.  We frequent the Paradise Valley Chompies very often....there is absolutely no comparison.  This place needs a total rehab.  It looks dirty, the clientele there are messy, loud and obnoxious.  The waite staff is not at all knowledgeable.  Never again.
2	Way overpriced. The pastrami sandwich was good though. It had a good flavor, but I can't justify $12.99 for a sandwich and a little cup of potato salad. Now I'm not just talking about this sandwich. The rest of the menu was overpriced as well. Even the kids menu. Items on there were up to 8 or 9 dollars.Service was ok. Seems that there are better places to spend your money than here. Like fancier places...
5	Huge menu with lots and lots of choices that you normally don't see anywhere else. Sandwiches and sliders are amazing! One of my fav places.
4	Haha... So I came in here to take on the Ultimate Slider Challenge on 06/10/2013 with a group of friends and made a video compilation of the whole thing.Check it out on youtube to see the result: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzrfpQv63nkPosted: picture of the slider challenge plate (5lbs!)
4	You'd think you were in NYC. Great selection of deli favorites and more for breakfast lunch and dinner. I'm a fan of the New Yorker w/ pastrami. The best bagels in Phoenix area.
4	Wow. Stopped by while in Tempe on business and looking for a quick lunch. Am I glad I did. A very good NY style deli serving all the staples and then some. I went basic, the Ruben Combo, for $9.99.The split pea soup was yummy, I could have had a large bowl of just that, but I would call the brisket Ruben FANTASTIC. Flavorful, fresh yummyness. Also a very good slaw. Add to this the fast and friendly service and you know I will be back!
3	Had lunch here yesterday morning. There was a lot of people in due to the holiday, but it just took us a few minutes to get seated. Our server was nice and attentive. I had an internal dilemma on whether or not to have breakfast or lunch, but I decided on the cajun chicken ecstasy with fries. Our meals came out and they were huge of course. My sandwich was good, but I would have enjoyed it more if a) the bun was as big as the chicken breast or b) the chicken breast was smaller. I made a giant mess and all of the goodness fell out because it was difficult to eat. I've been here before and will be back.
4	Chompies is a go-to morning spot, especially after long nights. Friendly service, unique dishes, lots of flare... sometimes I just  want to pop in and hang out. The menu can be overwhelmingly huge, I often panic and order my usual fulfillment- the Arizona Benedict, plus a mound of chocolate chip pancakes. I go here expecting to break out a $20 bill because of my beast appetite, but it still seems that every item on the menu is heavily priced. Regardless, this is an extreme kind of place and I try to make it in whenever possible!
4	I got the classic Jewish Sliders which are apparently the go-to meal when you go to Chompies.   They were pretty darn good except the potato pancakes were a little too thick for my taste.  The roast beef unbelievably moist and tender though.  Everything in the bakery looked mouth-wateringly delicious.  I got the black and white cookie baked right on the premises and it certainly delivered.  Too bad I was only in town for a few days or else I would come back to try more things.
4	I've just found the perfect slider for me- the turkey slider! It's like a Thanksgiving meal, with white meat turkey, cranberry sauce, and turkey gravy. Every ingredient in this meal is something I love! The challah rolls are perfect, and the potato pancake adds a nice crunch to the slider. I was slightly disappointed that the jellied cranberry sauce looked and tasted like it came straight from a can, but that was a minor setback.I also tried some of the pot roast sandwich. It was a massive meal, with huge slices of meaty pot roast with good flavor. I've also tried their bakery items, which are quite good. The cookies and cakes are, for the most part, really delicious. My favorite so far is the mouse cake. I've tried other cute looking mini-cakes, like the frog cake, but the frosting on it tastes a bit strange to me, and there's not enough of the "cake" part in it to balance out the massive amount of frosting.They are also open an hour later now- very nice! (Until 9 P.M.)
4	Wow, it's been over 2 1/2 years but finally made it back over here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N.First off was a bowl of good Kreplach Soup, and then I went with the "Grilled Grandpa Ruby's Colossal Reuben Sandwich".  This big boy came with a cup of tasty Cole Slaw & a generous serving of wedge-cut French Fries.  I asked for them well done & that's how they came...  crispy on the outside, soft on the inside & delicious!  We also received a generous serving of Kosher dill spears to share.Ok, but "Colossal"??YES!  This sandwich and the lunch overall was a SERIOUS FEAST, & completely delicious!Our server Tanya B. & the rest of the staff were friendly & appreciative, & the dining room was comfortable.  The one thing holding them down a little this time was slow table service, but it's still a big "Yay!" overall for this visit.     :-))Bowl of Kreplach Soup:  $2.99.  Grandpa Ruby's Reuben:  $13.99.
4	My mother had been in South Korea for over 2 years, and when she returned to the states this weekend, all she wanted was a pastrami sandwich. So we jumped on yelp and found Chompie's. I was a little hesitant as there were some mixed reviews, but we decided to go with it, and I'm so glad we did! We both had 1/2 "Mile High" pastrami sandwiches and the pastrami was delicious and juicy. My mom had the combo with a bowl of clam chowder which was thick and delicious. I noticed people complaining about the prices, but found the 1/2 sandwich combo to be more than enough food and quite reasonable at about $10 per person. We also ordered one of the turkey sliders which was actually the highlight of the whole meal. With the gravy and cranberry and that delicious latke all on a soft challah roll. Yum! We didn't experiences the poor services that other yelpers had complained about. In fact, I often gripe about the terrible service here in the Valley and I thought our waiter was exceptional. He was attentive and personable and overall we had a great experience. We will definitely be back! And this time we will save room for some of those delectable looking desserts from the case!
3	Me and my wife went here for lunch a week ago.  I can't say much about it.  The pickles were pretty good.  I ordered a Reuben sandwich which was disappointing at best because it hardly had any thousand island dressing, hardly had any sauerkraut, and had the wrong kind of corned beef (you're looking for corned beef round on a reuben sandwich, which is the leanest cut).  All-in-all, it didn't taste that great.We ordered the German Chocolate cake to share, which was over baked and dry.However, the day before, we had went there for just strictly dessert.  My wife got a pecan chocolate pie and I got a fruit tart.  Both were delicious.  Just based on those two desserts alone, I give the place three stars and am willing to give it another shot.I just know better than to order the reuben.
3	Just OK - The food is pretty good but it is somewhat over priced in my opinion.
3	I met a group of friends for a Sunday brunch here and the food is certainly the star here. I probably would give it four stars if the service and atmosphere were better.I had Dave's Deli Benedict. It was good. The corned beef hash was cooked perfectly and I loved having latkes in place of english muffins. The hollandaise sauce was just okay and the eggs were not all the way poached. The hash and latkes definately stole the show on it. I subbed the fruit for the homefries and got a standard fruit cup filled mostly with melons. I also got a brownie for the road and enjoyed it at home later that day. It was DELICIOUS! Perfectly moist and rich. The rest of my table seemed to enjoy their food and despite a hoard of flies interupting our meal, we all ate well. I wish the service lived up to the food. I felt like our server was annoyed with our presence. She also forgot some of our drinks but we didn't remind her later. And once we asked for the check, it took another 15 minutes to get it so we could pay. I'll definatelly give the place another shot. Maybe the near end of the Sunday brunch was just bad timing.
5	very good deli - not quite like the best NY delis but for being in Tempe it's OK.
4	Chompie's is a busy busy place. A 20-minute wait for table is not unusual. Although it is not my favorite New York deli (outside NYC of course), it is not too far off. Food is generous in portion, and tastes homemade. Everyone can find something they like from the very large menu selections. The baked goods are stacked near the entrance, and you can get old bagels for cheap. The dessert counter has some inviting items, like cannolis, but those are very pricey. Overall, if I want a hearty brunch with friends and don't mind the wait, Chompie's is on my list.
5	Chompies is definitely the best breakfast spot in the ASU area. On weekends you're going to have to 20-30 minutes for a table but it is well worth it. They have a very big menu which usually leads to me spending way too much time deciding on what to order but I'm always satisfied with what I get. Their reputation speaks for itself so if you have not been yet I suggest you go soon.
2	Had dinner with visiting family last night.  At six pm only three tables in the whole restaurant.  Service was slow and not everything was delivered as ordered.  In my view was a broom leaning against a wall.  Kind of felt like they wanted to close before we even got there.
4	Monster sized servings that will keep them buying to-go boxes. The menu is packed with options, including some traditional deli favorites. The endless pickle platter placed on each table is always a favorite. As a non meat eater, there was only a single sandwich option, but they had a couple good soups to choose from.
5	I frequent this place a lot. This morning I took my Grandpa for breakfast. The food I would give 3.5 to 4 stars. Nothing spectacular but good. Its hard to mess up breakfast. The reason Im rating this place 5 stars is for the service. Chompie's is always very busy, especially today. Our server Laura though was the best. She was very nice, attentive to detail, and polite. Its hard to find service like this and considering a college town makes it that much better. A handful of great breakfast spots in tempe, but because of the service I will still make this one my go to!!!!!!
4	I went here last week for the first time for a mid week brunch and the food was great! The menu was huge, filled with endless choices. My bagel was a little on the toasty side but other than that everything was absolutely delicious!Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. However, one of the hostesses was very rude- couldn't catch her name but she was a very thin brunette. We were originally seated outside on the patio but realized soon enough that it was covered in little ants. When we asked to be reseated inside she rolled her eyes, let out a big sigh and mumbled "ya" and pointed to a table (didn't even walk us over to it!) As we ate I continued to watch her mannerisms and attitude with other customers only to find that she was very rude with them as well. She would walk much farther ahead of the guests, turning around with an annoyed glare and stance if they were not right behind her. She never once smiled. Perhaps she was having a bad day but I was still dumbfounded by her attitude and lack of customer service skills. Hopefully management takes notice because there's a lot of restaurants with great food but great customer service is what makes a place stand out from the rest.
2	Came here the other day with my girlfriends for lunch. Our server was decent not to talkative just got right to the ordering. Asked if we could have a few more minutes and he came back literally a minute later. Didn't get to look over the menu like I wanted! No big deal! I ordered the chicken tenders with fries. Something easy, wow portion size was huge!! Crispy and cooked just right! Ranch tasted bland but wasnt too bad. Food was great just wished the service was a little better. Will be back!
2	Went here for lunch. Large menu, good selection. We were a party of 4, and two of us had a very bad experience with the food, while two of us were satisfied with the food. Matzo ball soup was good, except for the large chunks of chicken bone in it. The meat on the Jewish sliders, as well as the potato pancakes on the Jewish sliders, had WAY too much salt in them.Regarding the hostess with the awful attitude that another reviewer mentioned, her name tag said her name was Sara, and her attitude with us was remarkably bad. The rest of my party got there a few minutes before I did. When I walked in, she just glared at me (no greeting, no "Welcome to Chompie's", no nothing except for the glare), so I said "I'm meeting some people here" and kept walking, her response was a snotty "whatever" as she turned her back to me. When I got to my table, the rest of my party was still talking about how rude she was to them when they arrived (we had the audacity to ask for a baby seat, and "Sara" was not at all pleased about having to get one). I noticed her crappy attitude with other people as she was seating them too, so she seems to be in need of going back to Hostess school (or being given the opportunity to be successful elsewhere, like a dentist's office where people already expect a painful visit).That said, our waitress was great: good attitude, helpful, attentive. She did a great job, and her tip reflected it.In short, I had always wondered what all the hype was with Chompie's. Half of us liked our food, so it's not all bad, and the other diners appeared to like their food, but given the bad experience I had with my food and the requirement to get past the Dread Ogre Sara before I can be granted access to the mediocre food, I'll probably stick with one of the myriad competitors in the marketplace.
1	waited for 15 minutes to be seated, another 30 and no one took our order... i got drinks but that was it... i like chompies but avoid thsi one...
4	Usually come here on sundays for breakfast/brunch, as with any other place, expect a wait on sunday morning. Always seated pretty quickly. one word, "SLIDERS" YAAAAASSSSS!!!
1	I've always enjoyed the food, been there numerous times. On the weekends (sat./Sun.) I expect a wait no matter what time, especially during the school year.But a 15 minute wait at 2PM on a Friday during the end of the semester, for one person? When there was no one at the hostess station in front of me?Forget that - walked out and not heading back any time soon unless other people insist.
4	The moms was in town this weekend and the only was to cure a tough ASU football loss was to head to Chompies on Sunday morning. We were prepared for the 30 minute wait for a table of 5, but grabbed a pastry from the front while we waited. The reviews said I had to try the sliders, so I did Jewish sliders with fries hit the spot. No room for the dessert but grabbed a pastry to go and got another for the moms for FREE for checking in. Yelp always comin in clutch for the moms!
3	Been here a couple of times and i like better the new york style sandwiches than the sliders...The sliders look better on the Man Vs Food show...
4	Sunday morning my brother and I decided to try someplace new for breakfast.  We chose Chompies.  The menu was large and took us a few minutes to decide what we wanted.  The service was quick and efficient.   I ordered a skillet and my brother ordered an omelette.  Like the menu the portion size was also large.  The food was hot and tasty.  The bagels that came with the meals could have been a meal alone.  We both left food on our plates and our bellies full.  Our water and coffee were never empty.  I will definitely put Chompies on my list of places to come back to.
5	I was visiting a friend in Tempe and we decided to go to Chompie's for breakfast. Excellent place with an amazing breakfast environment and gracious service. Great food and an overall great experience. Definitely recommend this place.
3	Ordered a New York hot pastrami sandwhich on rye bread. not even close . it was alright, but not great. there bagels are delicious tho. I guess coming from nyc makes it hard to like the pastrami here :(
1	Just got back from this location, having not eaten. The mashed potatoes were cold, as was the stuffing. The roast chicken was cold and dry. I sent it back for another try, and it was the same! I've had bad fast food chicken that was much better than this. It seems that there is no pride in what they serve here. I've had the same dish at the PV mall location, and it was always fine. To be fair, my server was friendly and helpful. But she couldn't help the poor quality of the food. The next time I'm in the area, I'll eat any place else.
5	Best Breakfast food ever!!! This place rocks! the line on the weekend can somtimes be a little long but it is defintiely worth the wait. Huge servings of food and awesome bagels for low prices. Chompies is one of my favorite breakfast places and a great place to grab some food with friends especially the morning after a night on Mill ave.
4	Chompie's has a nice atmosphere.  We went for brunch, and we ate outside. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and a side of eggs and sausage. The pancakes are huge and could be their own meal. I did not want to eat only pancakes so I ordered a side of eggs and sausage.  They don't have a meal with the flavored pancakes and eggs.  It was very good. My friend had the two eggs and a side of potato pancakes. She loved it and kept saying they have the best potato pancakes.  While I didn't try it, she is a regular and loves their potato pancakes. Our server was very friendly, and took care of us.  She could have checked on a little more, but over all it was a very good experience.
4	Very good deli, comparable to Cantor's in LA and many of the major Jewish delis in New York. If you watched man vs food he did the Jewish slider challenge, consisting of 5 pounds of food. But there is a smaller size portion on the menu that I recommend.  They have a side bar where you can order drinks and fresh-baked bagels, pretty much anything you want. You can't go wrong you can  pretty much order anything here and it will be very flavorful and large portions totally worth it.
2	Food great. Service horribly. Not enough staff to handle a small amount of customer. Had to wait forever for each step of the process. Be prepared to have to shave again during the meal
5	Read one read all reviews on this great find. Yes, it is a Jewish deli in the middle of Mesa Arizona. Yes, it has a menu comparable to a college thesis. Yes, they have a sweets to go counter. They have all of this and they have....drum roll please.......fresh salmon sliders!! Omg these aren't your run of the mill sliders. They are not pressed salmon patties. These are sliders made of fresh grilled salmon filet. So good!! The buns are so very good and soft! Oh, I meant the buns on the sliders ;) no but really, soft slightly sweet buns, cucumber, onion and tomato relish and crispity crisp potato wedges (I substituted for homemade chips) this meal was delicious, playful, teasing, original and filling. I'm sure that all of the reviews and pics are for the signature items but trust me order this!!!Besides that, the ambiance was great. Friendly staff, happening crowd and the wait looks long but not as bad as you think. To top it of, I scored a day old bag of bagels and rolls for $2.50!!! Hell yeeeah!! Parking sucks but oh well. Plenty of seating, booths and tables. Food gets to you pretty quickly and the icing on the cake is they bring you house prepared pickles. Yuuuum!Meeeeee!!! All in all this place is a must stop. Stop in and enjoy the bountiful tastes and smells!!!Can't wait to try something else but the salmon sliders were so good I probably won't. Hats off to the chef!
5	I love this place. The menu was thick with a lot of choices. No matter their class  dishes or bakery, everything was yummy.
5	Today, I had one of the best tongue sandwiches in recent memory. I am a 73 year old NYer and have had my share of tongue on rye. This was a very large, buttery wonderful looking sandwich. And honestly better than the ones I have had in the PV shopping center.Great service, nice ambience, altogether an unexpected and delightful experience.One other thing, the server asked me if wanted cheese or lettuce and tomato with the sandwich. What the!Arthur
5	My first time coming to Chompie's and couldn't have been more delighted. I had two of the Jewish sliders and the bombka crumb French toast. Both were unreal. As a spring training veteran, I have added this place to my list of stops for each year. The NY vibe with the deli in front of the restaurant is great too--grabbed some pastries on the way out!
5	Seriously you can't go wrong at Chompie's. Breakfast? Sure! Get anything!! Lunch? Why not! Make sure you are prepared to eat the mount Everest of sandwiches. Dinner? Ok! Bring it on! I always get breakfast and I am never disappointed. Stop by the bakery for some of the best lace cookies ever. Just don't go without your appetite!
5	I had the Dave's Deli Benedict and I must say it was AMAZING!  Portion size is huge!  Corned beef has was delicious!  Highly recommended!
5	Can't go wrong going to this Jewish deli! The food is great! Had the perogis and the Wendy's sandwich!  Huge! Sandwich! Had to share it with the hubs! They serve pickles instead of bread! Love that! The deli counter is so cute! We went home with a cannoli (leave the gun, take the cannoli) and an eclair that looks magical. I may have to update this after eating them later! Lol! Great atmosphere here. We will return!
2	The atmosphere in Chompie's is fun with a lot of New York poster art and the service was prompt. The food however was poor. I had a pot roast sandwich that was tough and flavorless. This area has dozens of restaurants, next time I'm in the area I'll try a different one.
2	Food took forever and arrived cold.  Hollandaise was gellatinous and tasteless.  Sawyer is rude.  Valerie is awesome.   Very pricey for such average food.  Very disappointed
2	Service sucked, bagels weren't fully cooked, no guidance walking in, no greeting.
5	Chompie's is one of my favorite places to get breakfast. The Benedict's are excellent. The menu is enormous. I've been going here  for years and have just recently started trying lunch and dinner items. The turkey sliders with matzo ball soup is a great choice. And don't forget to try the desserts. Delicious.
5	Man I miss this place...  Wonderful food breakfast, lunch or dinner..  Always went for Sunday breakfast...  Service is always fast and friendly...
3	If this was a restaurant that strictly focused on just their sliders, then I would give 5 stars easy. But there is some serious menu bloat that confuses a lot of people and worst of all Chompie's is not very good at making all of those items.I brought two of my friends who never been there and they were very overwhelmed by the menu. They knew the sliders were obviously good but they wanted to try the other options first and just have a jewish slider on the sideOne of them ordered a fried chicken plate and the other a salmon (off of the section that highlights "New York's Favorites" so you would assume as a customer that Chompie's was good at making them), and both of them were terrible. Both were overcooked and dry while the sliders were excellent, telltale signs of people in the kitchen who weren't that experience in those items at all.So yeah, as a reviewer you have to judge Chompie's as a whole. You can give 5 stars for the jewish sliders, but you might trick unintentionally trick people into coming to Chompie's and potentially have a 1 or 2 star experience. Having a bakery /restaurant combo inside is very cool and I've never seen anything like that, but the restaurant part needs to renew their menu to their strengths.Streamlining and having perhaps maybe 10 or so of their best items is much better than to have the 40 or 50 choices you see on the menu.Off-Topic: In a perfect world, I wish that Chompie's branch off into becoming a fast food burger shop and compete with the In'n'Out's and Chik-Fil-A's with their sliders. I can only dream.....
3	The menu is massive and I've ordered something different almost every time I've visited. It's mostly pretty good. The atmosphere is okay. The bakery's a nice touch. The staff looks overworked but what restaurant staff isn't? I like the sliders. Fan of the strawberry shortcake pancakes. Reuben's nice.TLDR; It's not mind-blowing but it's not bad. If you want some nice food in a brunchy setting, go Chompie's, just don't expect it to be blue meth. It's more like a bad blunt of MJ from your stoner friend. Not that I've ever done anything harder than ibuprofen.
4	This is where we always go for Mother's Day since menu, which is more like a book, can accommodate both  the youngest picky eater, and the elderly picky eater.  Even though the menu can be intimidating, it would be very far fetched to say that someone could like NOTHING on the menu.You can get anything from plain pancakes, to extravagant omelets, to a simple hotdog, to a plethora of smoked fish, to a healthy salad, to a massive burger covered in ranch dressing.  And I am not even kidding - you can have a traditional thanksgiving meal of turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce and potato, covered in cheese, and stuffed into a slider - any day of the week.I enjoy  the fact that they serve breakfast all day, coupled with the fact that there is a full bar, and ordering wine or beer or gin and tonic with  your pancakes is perfectly reasonable.The service has never been bad, but it has been slow. However, Chompies provides all-you-can-eat dill pickles that are everything you would expect from pickles at a jewish deli.  If the menu is intimidating, stick to the stuff that Chompies is known for - massive sandwiches, sliders on challah bread, and bagels.  In fact, next to the door there is a clearance rack of day old bagels, which last a long time, especially in  the freezer.  There are 12 bagels per bag, for $2.50.  At Costco, a dozen of bagels costs $5 and at the grocery store, a half a dozen bagels cost $5, so this is a great deal if you embrace carbs like us.
5	My friend took me to Chompie's on my first visit to Arizona. We split the Jewish slider challenge with two of her children and brought the leftovers home for the rest of her family! We also had Lovey's smoked salmon tapas as an appetizer. OMG.  This was definitely my favorite meal of my trip!
5	Good prices,  good food, lots of good, great desserts, fantastic service, featured on TV for their Sliders!  Don't keep driving, stop in!
5	Best corn beef in Arizona.  The menu is huge serving anything from omelets to pot roast. Huge mile high sandwiches and you can have half a sandwich or a mixture (one half corn beef the other half turkey). The wait staff at this location are usually college students who really go out of their way to make your visit a good one.  Meal are huge and come fast from the kitchen.  There is a very large bakery where you can get cookies, cakes , brownies and specialty breads. Would I come back here?  you bet I have been going to Chompie's for almost 30 years when it was a little restaurant  located on 40th street (I think) north of Shea.
4	Meat..fried potatoes...gravy. Three of my favorite things in the world and the do them all oh so well here. I typically come here for the Jewish sliders but every now and then I mix it up and get something different. But those sliders? Phenomenal. The beef is so tender it basically falls off the sandwich. The rolls the come on have the perfect amount of sweet to compliment the saltiness of the meat, cheese, and gravy. The little potato pancake they put on the sliders gives a nice crunch and compliments the flavors of the rest of the slider perfectly. Oh man and the brown gravy?It's definitely something I'd smother my food in on a daily basis if I weren't trying to watch what Im eating. All in all I am always a happy camper when I visit chompies.
4	This place was great. We had been trying to go for almost a year now but when we drive by and see the line, we tend to retreat and go elsewhere. I understand why. I love how large the selection is and the fact that they are really flexible with their menu/choices. Makes it easier for us unfortunate folks who have to eat a strict diet (damn you self image!!) We had the roasted turkey sandwich with everything on it (minus mayo) and had it on low carb-high protein bread. Amazing bread by the way. It's like "eating nothing" as my husband puts it. Only 60 something calories per slice and only 1g carb per serving! You can buy a loaf to go but it will run you about $5 a loaf, but if you go now they are running a buy 1 get 1 free deal. We also had the tomato bisque, which was rich, creamy, and delicious... Our trainer will not approve of that selection. Oh well! Extra hour of cardio should take care of that. Overall I enjoyed my experience there. Loved the music too. I'm a big fan of the oldies. Try to go after 3 pm. If you try to go on the weekend... Be ready to wait 30-40 minutes before 12:00pm. Popular Sunday after church location.
2	I was reminded this morning why I prefer the Chandler location over this one.  My breakfast (eggs & bacon with pancakes) was perfectly cooked, but was unfortunately left in the window for far too long.  By the time it got to me, everything was pretty room temperature.  The butter wouldn't even melt that well on the pancakes.  Very disappointing.
4	Great canoli, also enjoyed the jewish sliders and coffee cake. Cole slaw was mediocre.  The yelp deal for a free bagel was a nice touch!
4	So many great choices in one place. Not to mention, it's a little bit of New York in the desert. I highly recommend the pastrami and corned beef sandwich as well as their bagels and lox.
2	My wife and I stopped here to eat. We had been here before but this time the service was horrible and the regular drinks such as Pepsi and lemonade, your paying 3.00 for the drink and they want another dollar for refills. After a number of years of going there, we won't go again.
4	My family had the Brooklyner, sliders, and soup.  All the food was excellent.  A bit on the pricey side for a sandwich place but I will return since I love New York Pastrami on rye.  It was served warm like a NY deli too.
3	My family came here before our flight back Detroit. Would not seat our party of 11 until all were present. Not the cleanest of places but it is a Diner.  Kids meals don't come with a drink so add another $3 for a coke.  Wife and I had the sliders which were good.  Brother in-law asked for soup instead of fries but was an add of $3 on top of his $15 Brooklyn sandwich.  Sliders could have been served with more gravy but I didn't dare ask for more or another $3 add.The prices were on the high side ($145 for 6 adults and 5 kids),  Overall this was better than grabbing fast food before a flight.Free Bagel for Yelp check in is a nice touch!
5	Great yummy food! Fun atmosphere and a huuuge menu! Wish their hours were a bit longer, but still reasonable. Great place!
1	Sunday morning, the boyfriend and I wanted to get breakfast at our favorite spot, Chompies. I knew it was Late Sunday morning, so we didn't mind a bit of a wait after riding our bikes down and asking for a table inside. Hosts were great as always, quick to seat us. They have people that make sure you get ice water right away...Here is where I started to have a problem. Two waiters zipped around the tables behind us, in front of us, next to us. A table sat AFTER us got coffee, orders placed, etc. We waited patiently, still, not even drink orders. (Let me also say, I'm a waitress and I know servers can get busy) So we thought they didn't realize who's section we were in, the guy or the girl. We waited some more. I watched and flagged someone down, letting her know we hadn't been helped yet and just wanted some coffee. She said she'd let our waitress know. 5 minutes, she gets our food order, I asked for a cup of coffee. 5 minutes later, still no coffee. I got up and went to the front, nicely asked if we could sit somewhere else because our server might be new or too overwhelmed but I just really, really wanted a cup of coffee. They moved us, I still had to wait another 5 minutes for someone to bring a coffee cup and creamer. Here's the part that angered me.... They Still had the same waitress bring our food and bill over 20 minutes later. I really should have asked for a manager, but we love their food and I understand people can be new/make mistakes/etc.Food was good, so we left happy after the whole ordeal. What made me decide to log on and write this review was that same night, I ended up getting pretty sick, guessing it was the food. I don't think I'll be going back to Chompies anytime soon.... Which makes me sad, because I loved their Gluten Free Bagels...
4	I love the food but the servers sometimes suck and it happens only when they're not busy which is silly and annoying at the same time since they have no reason to be! But I do really really love the food! Especially their pastries
5	I went here for the 1st time today they were having a special for their anniversary buy 1 Jewish slider get one 1/2 price.  We got there right around 10:45 am and we seated really fast. Our waitress I forgot her name but she was awesome! She came and took the drink order and brought them fast. My husband had the sliders and he loved them. I had the Matzo Ball soup, not that I wouldn't have died for a slider but I just had surgery and cant eat them . I didn't even finish my soup.  Our waitress was nice enough to offer us to go containers and even gave us Ice Tea and my husband soda to go. She was very prompt and efficient. I will definately go back once I am able to actually eat and enjoy what they have to offer.
5	Great bagels and huge portions try the knish and the cookies are so authentic
5	If you haven't tried this place I must say you are missing out on a great BREAKFAST JOINT! This place is always packed, which is a good sign and worth the wait sometimes. Their menu is endless, the servers are all young college students and are super easy to get along with. As a college student myself, I must say having a restaurant that not only serves food but has fresh baked bread, deli meat and pastries daily is huge plus. I highly suggest you order the CABO SKILLET if you are looking for something with a little kick.
1	Last night my husband and I had breakfast for dinner at Chompie's in Tempe. I had a basic breakfast with a sesame seed bagel. I had butter only on bagel and noticed a strange taste. My husband tasted it and confirmed it was a moldy taste. The waitress was a trooper and tasted the other half of my bagel and promptly spit it out. She agreed it tasted moldy and got the manager. Mr manager was very sure their bagels were baked fresh daily. I just know there was no sign of mold but a very strong taste of mold. He offered me something else so I took an eclair to go but he still charged me for my meal.  My coffee was luke warm, my husbands bacon was tiny and his over medium eggs were runny. If manager had taken my breakfast off the bill I might give them another chance but he blew it with customer service. I will never go back.
3	This place isn't that bad.  Maybe I caught it on an off day or it could have been because if the rain outside but the service was so so.  It seemed that our waitress was not interested in helping us out but rather talking with a guy that I assumed was her boyfriend by the way she was hanging on him by the front door.  The food, it was good.  Not great but it was good.  This place has been made famous and I can say I have been there to try the Original Sliders.  I will go back again for them, but for take out only.  Not going to get in the way of a waitress and a guy who walked in the door.
4	Great for breakfast!  We only waited 10-15 min in the packed restaurant.  The staff was very nice and out service was great!  Loved the Buffalo Eggs Benedict- they used their bagels instead of English muffins. I tried the Chorizo omelet and it was spicy and delicious.  I would go definitely go back!!
3	I should know by now that restaurants featured on Man Vs. Food do not necessarily have the best food, but the most food. Chompie's feels like a chain restaurant with a great bakery at the front. I had the Jewish Sliders. The challah rolls were delicious, the mini potato pancakes were very good, and I liked the gravy (especially with the fries). However, the brisket was bland and lukewarm. I did not buy anything from the bakery, but I wish I had because the bread was the best part of my meal.
4	Loved it! Great sliders, after watching man vs food i wanted to come here. Don't think about doing the slider challenge because 3 sliders are filling enough. Great friendly staff as well
4	If you've ever been to Katz's, you know the value of way too  much meat piled up on good rye bread. This is at least a good try at hitting NY. They have matzo ball soup, pastrami piled high, knishes, etc. Have had breakfast items, lunch items, all good. The atmosphere is upbeat, good graphics on the walls, "almost oldies music" that my mom listened to when I was a kid. Service is good. Easy parking for Tempe. Grab some bagels or baked goods on the way out for your coworkers.
3	Pretty good. Caesar salad was pretty typical, although it did come with two large asiago breadsticks that were yummy, and was huge for only $5.99. Lou's Phoenician was good but the amount of meat was kind of absurd...  I took off more than half of it. 'double bakes bread' does not mean it is baked before served. The bread was cold. The coleslaw was the kind that is slightly sweet. Fries were bomb.com ...wedge style :) Pastries were also reallllly good.
3	My sister always tells me, "I had breakfast at Chompies." Being from California, I have no idea what Chompies is, so I decided to try this place out for dinner.  The table where we sat at was dirty. My brother-in-law had asked the bus boy to clean our table, in which he had a hard time scraping off what was on the table.  My sister took her baby wipes out and was able to get the crust off the table... Not to mention dirty menus. Cleanliness is important to me, so this brought this place a star down from what I would have originally rated it.  Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable. His name is Dylan. He recommended the chicken schnitzel... SO GLAD I GOT IT! It was a chicken breast covered in a very thin crispy batter.  The chicken breast was very moist.  It came with my choice of two sides, in which I choose the broccoli and potato pancake. The broccoli was perfectly cooked and not over cooked at all. I can also tell the broccoli was fresh and not frozen broccoli that most restaurants serve. Potato pancake was perfectly crispy in the outside and soft in the inside. I had a huge serving, but was able to finish it. =) I posted my picture if you would like to see what I had. Dylan definitely gets 5 stars for his excellent customer service.  Can't wait to try their breakfast next time.
4	Basically, right across the street from ASU in Tempe, AZ.  This is an awesome jewish style deli with delicious food and pastries.  I have heard that breakfast here is amazing but I have only been here for lunch.  The burger and slider's were fantastic and if you order a deli sandwich, it is piled HIGH with meat just as you would expect.  Great service and friendly people here.  The best deli experience you can get in this part of the world.  This place was also featured on Man Vs. Food with Adam Richman.  Great food and fun times...  I recommend!
5	Great bagels, great coffee, great service, no matter how early the service staff always has a smile.
3	Meh. The server was nice and understood we were in a hurry but everything was under whelming. Pastrami tasted more like corned beef, and I don't like corned beef. Sweet potato fries were ok but kinda bland. Not really worth the hype.
3	This review is for the gluten free folks.  I was craving a gluten free bagel & was excited to see a Jewish deli with gf bagels!!! One bite took me from excitement  to disappointment.  It was quite possibly the worst gf bagel I've ever had. Dense, dry, sweet - nothing I would want in a bagel. The frozen bagels like udi's are far superior. The low fat cream cheese was good though.  Then there was the gf chocolate rugulah. It looks like rugulah but doesn't have the right consistency. I think they try to make up for it with sugar... It was like a sugar bomb went off in my mouth.  But it wasn't horrible.  I would try the sugar cookie instead- at least that may work out
1	My Wife and I have been hearing about this place, we used to work right next door, and seen it on TV. So after 9 yrs we go and try it for breakfast. We are enjoying the food, service was great.SO WHY THE 1 RATING. A NASTY ROACH CRAWLED ACROSS MY TABLE. I was done!!!
4	Honestly the food was absolutely delicious. The only thing is upgrade for the onion strings they are far better than the fries are. The only reason I did not give it five stars was because of the service. Lack luster at best. It seems to be a bunch of college kids that really don't care about good service. I waited through one refill to even get a straw.
5	Great place to get a big and filling breakfast. Chompies is the closest thing to an authentic Jewish deli in Arizona. Huge menu selection and they serve breakfast all day. Goes without saying, but the Jewish Sliders are a must have. You won't leave here hungry because the portions are humongous. Always have great service and everyone is very friendly.
5	Delicious sliders and perfectly fried onion straws! The sliders are piled high with delicious meat and the patio seating outside is very nice. I will definitely be back to check out their bakery that seems to attract a lot of locals.
1	This afternoon,  a coworker and I went for lunch so we could eat some of the brisket sliders. We decided to sit on the patio because it was a bit busy inside and the weather was nice. When we were shown our seats, the hostess told us a waitress would be with us shortly. 30 minutes later, we left because no one showed up to our table to take our order, let alone take our drink order. What did peeve us a bit more was the fact that 3 different waitresses came out to help the table next to us with refilling drinks 5 different times in that 30 minute timeframe.Needless to say, it will be a long while before I go back to this location. It doesn't matter how busy a restaurant gets, no customer should ever be left sitting for half an hour and not be served at any point.
1	My family went to Chompies  in Tempe today for a late lunch around 3pm. There was a large party of more than 30 people in the center room, and open booths near the door. The hostess took us into the center, very noisy room, & when we asked to be seated in a booth away from the large party, she said that she couldn't because they didn't have enough wait staff to cover our table in the quieter section. We asked to speak to a manager to see if they could make an exception, & after waiting for several minutes, the hostess came back, & told us that the manager wasn't going to come out, & that the manager told her to tell us that if we didn't want to sit at the  table offered next to the large party, we could leave. Of course, we left, & will never go back. Wrecked our afternoon. P.S.  We have been to the Chompies at Chandler Mall many times, & have always had great food and service.
4	Really busy but worth the wait. Being from northeast I miss the certain goods I grew up with.  This was great for me. :-)
1	This has been our "go to" for Jewish style deli for many years. However, we've noticed a significant decline in the quality and quantity of food as well as a service. Our recent two visits are examples. The mile high beef brisket had so little meat I questioned if it was the mile high. We used to get enough fries to share but on a recent visit there were 8 fries by count. Last night when it was less than a quarter full we left after waiting more than a half hour for simple sandwiches. I've noticed that the manager who had been there many years is no longer there and hasn't been replaced. The hostess indicated it was new cooks. The waitress said there was only one person preparing food. Don't actually know the whys but the result is a decline in food value and service. But, the result is loosing our business.
5	Wow. I couldn't have better engineered our recent experience here any better than what we received. We went in around 10am and were seated. Our food and drinks were fantastic and, while pricey, represented good value. The quality and quantity were not wanting in the least. Finally, the service. My God, the service. It. Was. Amazing. The waitress knew the menu inside-out and gave some very astute recommendations. The couple points she didn't know--I ask esoteric questions on occasion; I'm curious--she promptly found answers for. We had a fantastic time and hope to produce enough income to become regulars here. Great food, great service, great experience. Thanks!
5	LA Jolla Salad is huge! Their salad dressings are great. The sliders looked great as well. They are generous with portions and the service was excellent. Extensive menu that can feed even the pickiest eaters.
2	I really wanted to really like this place.I have gone there twice during my visit here...First off, when asked what you would like to drink, if you say water, it's a bit alarming when the waitress asks (tells) you, are you sure you wouldn't like a lemon in that water?  It's cause the water they serve tastes terrible.  Seriously.Second, I'm a huge fan of Kreplach soup.  So when I saw it on their menu, I got rather excited.  That excitement didn't last for long.  The Kreplach looked like they were mass produced, all identical, not hand made.  They were skinny.  Don't bother ordering it.If you order a half sandwich, the cole slaw that comes with it, well, you need a magnifying glass to see it... really, why provide a serving in a thimble?  It's a shame, cause the cole slaw actually was good.The corned beef sandwiches were ok, they seem to get pleasure out of their size... for $13 or whatever, I expect them to be big.  They were good, not great, but good.The entrance is a dizzy array of the check in area, the register area, the take out area, and a merchandising area.  The seating area is pretty plain.All in all, if this is Tempe's definition of a wantabee Jewish deli, it has the advantage to most places away from the two coasts, but it really doesn't pass the appearance or taste test.  Better than none, I'll concede that.But disappointed, perhaps cause it bills itself as something it's not...
4	I ordered the half sandwich and soup. For the soup I got the kreplach and the sandwich salami on rye. The kreplach was very hearty. The sandwich, OMG, was piled so high with salami I had to take a bunch off just to get it in my mouth. I'm not complaining, but wow. The only issue was the bread wasn't very fresh, which Chompie's typically has the best bread.The service was decent, but the restaurant wasn't very busy. The server was fine with me, but in overhearing him talk to the table next to me he was very new and didn't know squat about the menu.
3	If this is the best "Kosher Style" deli that Phoenix has to offer, then it's good. When compared with other deli's I've rated in New York, Las Vegas and Detroit... It's Meh to poor. Pastrami was too fat, pickles too salty. Decent sized sandwich priced a little high.
4	Tasty food and quick service. The price was a little higher than I'd prefer for lunch but the portions are hearty. I really enjoyed the chicken and matzoh ball soup. The pastrami and corned beef sandwiches were also very good.
4	Very good deli sandwiches with portions that are big enough to share, but it is still hard to justify the prices. Should try at least once when visiting Mesa, AZ.
4	Known for its pastrami sandwiches. I think this place is much better than Carnegie Delicatessen. Our server, Chompie's Deli was excellent. Service was excellent. I feel that the pastrami meat here is softer and more tender than Carnegie. If you are really hungry, you can finish one order. But if you are not that hungry, it is better to share. I would definitely go back again.
1	Come for the food, stay for the wait. The server graced me with her presence just long enough to take my order and my money. No refill on my $2.49 cup of coffee. Read that again $2.49.
3	Okay. I LOVE this place but they need to seriously change the way they handle carry out orders. I'm Jewish and I found this slice of heaven after newly moving to Tempe and I couldn't have been happier. I go here all the time, hesitantly of course because I know they will screw something up. Don't worry, they always do. They're lucky their food is so good and that I love it so much. If you dine in you're fine. Enjoy!But carry-out diners beware! (This is the reason for only three stars.) It's like they need two registers at the deli. One for people placing orders and one for people picking up. Do you know how many times I have been behind families ordering food, one person ordering dozens of bagels, all while looking at my food that I can see the steam going away from getting cold. I mean it's painful. Please fix this, Chompies. Please.Maybe 50% of the time there's something wrong with my food. But it's also not fair because I'm picky and often change lots of things. Regardless, the two or three times I've said something the person at the deli has either a) not cared or offered to fix anything. b) tried fixing it herself and she did it wrong/weird because she's not the cook or c) took it back and brought me a new one!All-in-all I will continue to eat here because it's just too delicious. I am sincerely hopeful Chompie's will read this and fix their carry out issue though.
5	Wow. I couldn't have engineered our recent experience here any better than what we received. We went in around 10am and were seated. Our food and drinks were fantastic and, while pricey, represented good value. The quality and quantity were not wanting in the least. Finally, the service. My God, the service. It. Was. Amazing. The waitress knew the menu inside-out and gave some very astute recommendations. The couple points she didn't know--I ask esoteric questions on occasion; I'm curious--she promptly found answers for. We had a fantastic time and hope to produce enough income to become regulars here. Great food, great service, great experience. Thanks!EDIT: Argh, this was queued up as a "draft" for six weeks. Thanks again, Chompie's folks!
