4	Bank One is the only place I've ever been for a game where the women are dressed in skirts and heels. It's very odd. Other than that, the facilities are amazing.  There are twice as many women's bathrooms as men's bathrooms, so you avoid the line. Plus, a guy walks around with margaritas churning in this thing on his back! So cool. Seats are still cheap for the Diamondbacks cuz they aren't great, so check it out.
2	What makes this stand out is the amount of food in the stadium.  There isn't a place you can look that has no food sales in sight.  They have every type of food you want.  Although, by the looks of most people I saw in Phoenix, they don't need all that around.  The stadium was nice, but also felt kinda detached here.  There was a game on the field, but I felt like I was seperated from it.  The crowd involvement wasn't as much as even in LA.  Meh.
4	The D-Backs haven't given us much to cheer for the past couple of years, but when they do, it is great to do it at Bank One Ballpark (Chase Field now, I think). It's a natural grass park with a retractable dome, which may sound high speed, but for those of you that have been to sporting events outside in the summer, it is oh-so-necessary. I wouldn't want to be sacked with the AC bill they must have down there, but as an onlooker, it is almost too good to be true.
4	Visiting this park was a great experience for me.  We actually got to sit right behind the dugouts behind 3rd base.  There was plenty of food (I had the nachos and a hot dog - unsure of the price since they were paid for), plenty of sights (we saw a Playboy Playmate up close), and we had a foul ball come whizzing next to our heads.  Although we almost got killed by the foul ball, I wouldn't mind going back to this park.  Oh yeah, we actually got to see them close the retractable dome feature of the park.
4	Right up front - I'm not a baseball fan.  I think it's mind-numbing. Apparently so do the people at Chase Field (BOB!  It's freaking BOB!  Whatever....) because this place is laid out so you can walk around the edges like you're just shopping at the mall, and then you can just peak over at the game now and then.  I've gone twice - Once to watch my friend sing the anthem and Once because we got free tickets.  I have no idea where I sat each time, but I know there were really different places.  But the weird thing is - everything feels so completely detached from the field.  Even in the stands, you feel so far away from it all.  And I don't know if it's just the lighting, but most things feel like of "plastic", as in, not actual Rubbermaid plastic, but just a feeling of fake.  Grass is too green.  Colors are too bright.  Women are too blond.  That kind of thing.  But in the end, it was clean, safe and had some awesome strawberries to munch on during the game.  I have to give serious props to being able to eat strawberries!  But the most amazing thing is to look around, and see how many people could actually fit in this place.  It's gigantic. That in itself was more awe inspiring than the D-Backs.  And I'm guessing some of the baseball fans might even agree with me there...
5	I give this place five stars because you have to be as unAmerican as they come not to love going to a baseball game. seriously, i don't follow sports, certainly not baseball, and my atttention span lasts about 8 seconds when it's on TV... but come one, a live game in the stadium with the 7th Inning Stretch and kids running in place as video hot dogs, that'sabout as fun as it gets.Real grass, and a roof that detracts to let the sun shine in when the weather allows. If it's the dead of summer and you know the roof will be closed - bring a sweater becuase they keep this place FREEZING. You'l look like an idiot hiking from your car 10 blocks with a cardigan but i'll take that over three hours of goosebumps and teeth chattering. p.s. it will always be "BOB" to me, too.
3	I love my Diamondbacks.  With that said, I'm a little cold towards Chase Field.  The sight-lines are wonderful, the seats are comfortable, but you really do feel like you're watching baseball in a giant airplane hangar when the roof is closed.  Also, you've got the famous Arizona baseball crowd to contend with, complete with polo shirts, cell phones, late arrivals, and early exits.  At least the food is mostly awesome!
5	Funny story:I was visiting a friend in AZ and we had tickets to a Diamondback game.  It was about 110 degrees outside and I was lathering on suntan lotion.  I told my friend...I don't know how long I will last in this heat and he said, CHERI, this is Arizona, we have an indoor ballpark and it is air conditioned.  Ok, I had no idea that it had a a retractable roof and there was AC.We arrived and we had those cool outfield seats that is like a bar with bar stools hanging over the outfield.  The TGIF has tables inside the stadium where you can eat at a table and watch the game...you need reservations for that.Super cool stadium until my friend decided to smoke not once but twice and get us all kicked out of the stadium but I do not blame the stadium.They have a swimming pool in the outfield that you can rent out...REALLY COOL!
3	A nice place to watch a game... nice that it is open enough that you can keep an eye on the game while you survey your many dining alternatives.I also they let some natural sunlight and keep the place cool at the same time.Anyway I don't have a good reason to give this place one star, or five stars, hence three stars.
5	Going to Chase or BOB, as it is in all of our hearts, is always a fun time even if the DBacks aren't as good as they used to be. Sorry, just my opinion! Chase is pretty awesome stadium. There is the retractable roof, swimming pool, TGIF's, and tons of awesome places to grab a bite to eat. The stadium has a really nice open feel, and there aren't to many awful seats. There are also a lot of fun areas to hang out besides your seats and the downtown area outside the stadium is really nice as well. We definitely get to enjoy the benefits of this newer stadium so go check it out!
4	The retractable roof is awesome.  The seats are reasonably priced.  There is a pool in the outfield.  Should you find yourself with Club level seats order the food in your seats despite the crazy prices - I cheaped out and went inside to stand in line.  Missed 1.5 Innings AND they were sold out of pretzels.  WHO SELLS OUT OF PRETZELS????
3	Is that an airplane hangar or a really bad baseball stadium?While I'm a big fan of Chase Field's retractable roof, cleanliness, air conditioning and swimming pool, the stadium is lacking on aesthetic appeal.  I find it rather ugly, boxy, cavernous, characterless, and nearly always half-empty.  Wrigley Field and Dodger Stadium this ain't!Diamondbacks management is mulling the idea of removing some 10,000 seats to boost demand, since they're only getting 25,000 fans in a 50,000 seat stadium.  How about lowering ticket prices and nurturing your fanbase by keeping star players like Gonzo?   Greedy jerks.
2	I'll start off by saying I hate domed stadiums (even though its necessary here)When the roof is open, it still feels like you are inside.  +'sthe 1$ seats on gamedaythe open bar in the outfieldTGI Fridaysability to upgrade your seats for free1$ waters outside the stadia-'severything Stevey P saystoo bigalways emptyannoying snake rattle in the late innings, why so loudalthough the food is good, i like smelling the grilled onions and peppers throughout the stadium like comiskey.definitely lacks in atmosphereWent to the redsox game on saturday and the disease known as red sox fans outnumbered 2 to 1.  There were more people at Cooperstown and Jackson's wearing YANKEES hats than dback hats
3	Was in Phoenix last month for a work thing...one of the team building activities was to haul our asses to Chase Field to catch a game.Really cavernous place with TONS of food options.  It's like being in a mall food court with better selections.  Massive stadium but looked really really empty.  I heard grumblings about ticket prices being the reason for Phoenix not showing up to support its team.Not sure why there is a pool on the ground floor.Also, every floor employee seemed to be a retiree, god bless em.  Nothing like a cranky old person yelling at me this is not where I sit.
2	Hey, did you know they play baseball here?  Because it's kind of hard to tell sometimes.  I'm all for new stadiums and amenities and every kind of food you can imagine but I am also for watching baseball.  I feel as if the game is secondary here and the "stadium" (I use that term loosely...its much more like an arena...) is heavily geared towards children.  I did not enjoy the cut away on the big screen to the roaming reporters and "cheerleaders" during the game, I would have preferred to see baseball highlights or trivia or something.  The huge screens going around the "stadium" are very distracting.  I really felt as if I was at a minor league game rather than a major league one.   West Coast baseball sure is a funny thing....what's up with having the home team dugout on the third base line?  I also don't quite get why the mascot is a cat that looks like Mr. Mistoffelees from Cats.  I thought the team was named after a rattlesnake.  I did enjoy the fact that you can get liquor in the stadium and the little cup holder thingys on the backs of the seats.  The night we went it was "Bingo Night" which meant we were given little bingo cards which was entertaining.  Of course the cards we had had ridiculous situations on them like a strikeout on a passed ball and pretty much every single play a third baseman could be involved in.  (Oddly enough it was missing a 1-2-3 double play which we DID see...)  Of course it led us to cheer for things like a balk and a hit batter instead of the actual game.  The capacity of Fenway is 38,000 and they sell out every single game, the capacity of Chase Field is 49,000 and they could only muster about 37,000 in attendance, the bulk of which was Cubs fans.  I mean, the D-Backs are in first place! The place should be packed with fans. I'll take my old decrepit Fenway Park any day of the week, where baseball is the focal point and the atmosphere is electric.
3	Pay attention. Don't get a Diamond Dog. That's not where it's at. Look behind you at one of the little beer stands. See it? And to the left of most of them is a boutique hot dog stand. They're about two dollars more, but what you get is so worth it. You go stand in the hot dog line and have a friend go stand in the beer line. They seem to move at the same pace. With tip, they're the same price.I ordered an Italian hot dog with grilled onions, grilled peppers and marinara. It was so good.
4	great ballpark...huge! no obstructed views.  lots of food selections and very kid friendly (make ur way out to left field or get a large group and get the swimming pool in CF) when they open up the roof it takes like 3mins and with the AC pumping throughout the game it was a comfortable 77degrees inside (with the roof open!) while it was 99degrees outside.  yo the 3rd deck is steep.
3	Yes, another out-of-towner giving this stadium a so-so review.  Another reviewer hit the nail on the spot when she said it was like going to a Minor League stadium.  Do you guys know that the D-Backs are in first place?! Support your team!!  I recently went to a Dodgers/Diamondbacks game there, and while there were plenty of Dodger fans (LA transplants, old Arizonians who rooted for LA since there was no closer team before the Dbacks, and road trippers such as myself), the Dback fans are pretty quiet.  And seriously, take Gonzo back.  Please.  It will please ALL of us!  The signs with a little heart around his name, with the whole "anybody anytime" slogan really made me feel like I was a teeny at a *NSYNC concert again.  That being said, the park itself is clean and spacious.  Parking was a breeze, food choices were abundant, I met my favorite Dodger, and my friend caught a homerun ball (which they immediately take, and apparently have it signed and UPS'ed to you).  So this is a generally favorable review.  Oh, and we were there for "fan-D-monium", with giveways.  What were the prizes, you ask?  I kid you not - A free year's worth of Pest Control....and 1000 square feet of Sod.  SOD!!  If I had won, I would've donated it to that spot in left field where the grass was no longer green.  What's up with that?!
4	I was transplant here from Asia in '99. When i came here i did not know much about baseball other than a game that was typically played in US and very few countries in Asia. Slowly but surely the Arizona Diamondbacks lure me into the game till i became a dedicated follower of the game and the team. Diamondback is a rather young team in comparison to other teams in the league. However, look at what they have achieved through the years of ups and downs. I was with them when DBacks were the World Champion and i was there when they were the worst team in the league. There were days when i pulled my hair in frustration looking at the game that they fell terribly. I'm not here to criticize the team, but look at what they have achieved lately. Young team, vibrant, new faces, and new team package... To be honest, i have only been to 2 ballpark and Chase field is one of them. I have been to the AT&T Park(San Francisco) and here in Chase field. Both have it's distinct structure and panoramic view from the seats, field and the environment. Chase field.. I actually love the stadium even though it's not the stereotypical "traditional" baseball park or stadium. I felt that the field was designed more to facilitate the fans, than to represent a dynamic baseball field.Price of food and drinks there were typically high as similar to other baseball field around the nation. There's plenty of choices, food for all fans; child, parent, families and drunks. Me myself would prefer to just grab a bottle of water from outside the ballpark and a bag of sunflower seed from nearby gas station. The ballpark was exceptionally clean and plenty amenities around that can facilitate everyone. The only complain that i have was when i was leaving the park, fans on level 3 have only access through the escalator or the stairs to get out of the park. Imagine a few thousands people trying to cramp onto 2 escalator  Recently i went to watch the first game of the NLCS 2007, it's a disappointing series for the DBack. I was there before the gates were open. I was strolling around outside the field entertaining my thoughts and feeding my minds with the playoff atmosphere. My seat was located on the 3rd Section slightly left at the home base. I actually love the seat because i could see clearly of the entire field and watch the entire the warm up for the game. Right before the game starts the roof open, which could be one of the most dramatic scene in the field. The roof slowly (quite fast for a roof that huge) open, accompany by orchestrate music and slowly rays of the setting sun shining through the clear sky. It's an amazing scenery. Furthermore i was surprised how cool the field was with the air-conditioning blowing throughout the stadium, but we need it anyway especially during the hot days of summers.
3	My visits here were when this place was still referred to as The BOB.  I saw a couple of games here in 1999 and saw my Dodgers here in 2003.    And yes, when the roof is closed, it feels as if you're watching baseball under an airplane hangar.  This yard does have a nice baseball feature in the lower councourse, known as Fox DiamondTown.  From foul pole to foul pole, a baseball timeline is displayed featuring fun facts just about any historic moments in baseball, as well as a fact of just about any team as well.  So, if you are a D-Rays fan, chances are, you will probably see something of mention for your team too.  ( I'm guessing the inaugural season of 1998, the same year the D-Backs became major league ) .   The fans, well, they may not come out in droves, and there were plenty of Dodgers fans to be seen here, as expected.  However, for those who have based on D-Back support, one theory as to why the D-Backs don't garner the support that they should, aside from the tired " transplants " excuse, is that Spring Training has been played in Arizona for many years prior to the D-Backs inception so because of that, many of the locals have kept their loyalties  to the teams who held and currently still hold their ST and farm teams within the surrounding areas.  Of course, that's something you'd have to hear from a local because the media sure won't tell you that.  Getting a ticket to a game here is really simple.  You can even purchase a $1 ticket on the day of the game and pretty much wander around for some better seats.  However, I do take away points for those hideous advertising panels above the outfielders.  Where in Houston you have the sliding glass that gives the fans a nice view of the skyline, here at Chase, the ad panels just give this a rather cheesy look.  Also, the pool, yes, it's a great idea, but why not give the real fans a chance to use the pool as well, instead of just for party rentals.  Or at least have one for the normal joe in us.  Talk about elitists !!!!
2	Okay, you fans that go to D'Backs games? You're godawful. You are the most humorless, bland, and unexcitable group of people I have ever seen outside of Dodger Stadium!That said, I went to a game in July of 2001. Your team was in FIRST PLACE! i saw Big Unit pitch. and you were hard pressed to be HALF full. By the way, for the love of god, decide what your name is. The best was when Randy Johnson came up to bat, I would just start yelling "UNIT! CHICKS DIG THE LONGBALL!" and the two middle-aged men in front of me laughing uncontrollably. Everyone else? Annoyed. And my best friend turning to me, saying, "Dude, these people look like they want to kick your ass."But hey, we didn't leave empty handed. I mean, what was that stupid promotion you guys did? Where if your pitchers hit a certain strikeout total, everyone there got a voucher for a free fountain drink at Circle K? Yeah, there's no Mark Cuban owning that park, that's for sure. Way to screw up an otherwise beautiful park.Oh, and if you can't sell out an NLCS game? You really should just become a Triple-A affiliate of the Dodgers. That's just depressing.
3	It's not Fenway, Wrigley, or Yankee Stadium, nor was it the first retractable dome stadium, or one to serve higher grade food. However Chase field is a decent place to see a game. It's clean and has nice seating, and good food and beer selections. Parking is easy peazy and tickets are reasonable. I do agree the D'back fans are pretty boring, and overall any game you attend will have a good portion of people rooting for the away team. I do like baseball, so I may be a bit biased. I even enjoyed a game at McAfee Statdium in Oakland, so maybe I am not the best stadium reviewer ;)
4	What's with some of the hate for The BOB?  By far and away, the biggest problem with this stadium is that it's about 150 times better to watch baseball outdoors than indoors, but more often than not the roof is closed here.  While this is disappointing, anyone who has spent a summer in Phoenix knows that outdoor baseball in the summer, even at night, would be a disaster of epic proportions.  It is just too damned hot.You can find parking for as little as $3 here, seats aren't that expensive, there is ample opportunity to behave like a glutton here with the many food options, and the DBacks have been trotting out a scrappy, enjoyable team that is on the rise.  This place gets docked one star for the roof being closed most of the time, and also for the organization's falling out with Jerry Colangelo, one of the true gentlemen in sports and the only person who could have brought a pro baseball team to Arizona.
2	If you've contracted some kind of horrible respiratory disease that can only be mitigated by high temperatures and arid climates, I guess I'm happy that you can watch live major league baseball. Other than that, I have a hard time thinking of nice things to say about the AZ Diamondbacks' home venue. Not sure which  I find most annoying, the southwestern teal motif, or the fans who seem to be more interested in the A/C unit that cools the place than the quality of baseball that's being played in it. Check this one off the list. AZ is for Spring Training baseball.
4	Hey, its difficult to find anything particularly wrong with this stadium, which is especially remarkable coming from an obstinate sports fan who intends to hate before he loves.  Immediate impressions of the stadium are that it is very well-designed and constructed with fan comfort in mind.  Chase nails this aspect solidly.  The concourse are rife with eating and drinking options.  You literally cannot walk 10 steps without tasty, delicious stadium food beckoning your fat ass to indulge; polish dogs, ice cream, 24 oz. bottled beer; Peter fucking Piper Pizza (Mmmmmm!).  The concourse also opens up brilliantly into the field of play, and one can go take a break from the seats but still have the ability to watch the action on the field.  Very important feature, particularly with baseball where sitting down can become monotonous.  The actual field of play is marvelously constructed, with modern and classic designs colliding.  The dirt path from the mound to the plate is a throwback to the 30s, while the pool in the outfield adds a very unique and "Arizona" touch.  Pretty damn cool.  The classic clockface in centerfield is beautiful, and the grade of the stands are perfect for the noise to reflect off the metal structure.  Now that its under new management, they are opening the roof much more, which is a HUGE plus.  Many fans have been complaining about the lack of open air since the stadium opened.So two things that I don't like about the stadium, one ornamental, the other functional.  First, the hokey, 90s-esque mosaic on the outfield slats.  Jesus.  How about an update?  Its just looks so fucking bad, its almost embarrassing, and has prevented the outside of this architectural masterpiece from aging with grace.  How about HUUUGE pictures of current players, or true windows to let the light in and perhaps a view of the distant skyline?  This would require, of course, for PHX to actually knock down the Garage Mahal and actually build an outfield skyline.This leads me to problem #2, the aforementioned "Garage Mahal", the most deplorable, atrocious boner yet for our mentally-ill city planners and officials.  What a total fucking waste to build the most useless and overly enormous parking garage that ultimately discourages people from walking through downtown before and after the game, restricted the potential for bars and restaurants to be placed there instead (fuck, they didn't even give the option for ground level retail), and mostly sits at 1% capacity on non-baseball-days.  That would be 284 days of uselessness.  Though this isn't the D-backs fault, it is a result of stadium proximity, so as a penalty, combined with those silly mosaics, it loses a star and red pigment.Overall, however, Chase field is the tits and will eventually be a MLB classic.
4	My favorite time of year is here!  Baseball Season!So its no Yankee Stadium...But I have to admit Chase Field is very nice!  Unreal to me that in the second game of the season.....it is not even close to being a sold out game. (not surprising since the playoff games last year against the Rockies weren't sold out!)  We went to the second game of the season in Chase field and sat behind home plate.  For starters, they completely redid the Club Lounge area by I assume removing a few Luxury box suites...but the biggest addition to Chase Field is there brand new state of the art HD screen.  The first in any stadium, the picture is CRYSTAL clear.  So no matter where anyone sits in the stadium they are able to have a great shot of their favorite player (Conner J - please take care of your eyebrows!!!  Your adorable!) They have also renovated the Clubhouse Box lounge....Bigger bar, more flat screens....Glad the dome was off last night...It was a great night for a game.All the best of luck to Doug Davis on Thursday.  My thoughts and prayers are with you....Get better soon!
3	I feel bad for this park. Its nice. Really nice. The only problem is its in Phoenix where it is hot like heck. That means the roof is always closed. And with the roof closed, it almost feels like you are watching baseball inside of an auditorium.
3	The stadium formerly known as 'The BOB' (Bank One Ballpark) changed its name after Bank One was acquired and the new owner had a man crush on Phillies 2B Chase Utley.It would actually be more fitting if they swapped sponsors with the Phoenix Suns' US Airways Center as this baseball stadium feels like being in an airplane hangar thanks to the retractable roof.  Unlike most roofs, it is flat versus being dome-shaped.  While domes already feel wrong, the fact the roof isn't even dome-shaped makes it worse.  The biggest downside to the flat roof (which would seemingly be more efficient for opening/closing) is that the whole stadium needs to be built at the same height all around where the best stadiums have a high backdrop behind home plate and down the lines but provide open views in the outfield (e.g., AT&T Park in SF, PNC Park in Pittsburgh, Wrigley Field in Chicago).  The huge scoreboard in centerfield is pretty cool but the black backdrops in RF and LF are claustrophobia-inducing eyesores.One might feel compelled to wonder why there's a need for a dome since it rarely rains in AZ.  The reason for the dome, however, is b/c the summer temperatures reach a level that meteorologists and climatologists term "hot as balls".  With the dome on, though, I'm sure it's comfortable as they can cool it with AC and the many swings and misses from DiamondHacks like Mark Reynolds and Chris B (Krispie) Young.  The inside of the stadium is build similar to most modern stadiums with an open concourse throughout that allows you to watch the game on your way to the concessions or restroom.The outfield fences are virtually symmetrical at 330' down the lines, 375' in the gaps and 410' in centerfield.  CF has a high, confusing black wall with a yellow line dictating what is fair or foul.  RF and LF are normal in height.  The stadium is considered to be a 'hitter's park' but this is probably more due to the climate than the fence distances  (baseballs travel in heat).The food offerings are just okay.  There is BBQ but it didn't look as good as Boog's in Baltimore, Orlando Cepeda's in SF, or Randy Jones' in SD.  This could be because the BBQ isn't served out in the open over flames or because no ex-player runs it.  My suggestion - launch a Randy Johnson's Surly BBQ Mullet Pit behind the outfield stands.  I went with an Italian Sausage sandwich from the Hungry Hill Sangwich cart.  Despite it hailing from sausage-lovin' Chicago, I didn't think it was so good - had no real spice to it.  They also had Polish Sausage and Italian Beef at the cart.  Enjoyed Gordon Biersch garlic fries later in the game.  They have a FatBurger there.  Good beer selection available throughout the place.If there is one thing the park is known for, it's the pool and hot tub behind the RF fence.  I only saw one kid in teh pool the day I went and no one was in the hot tub.  This may have something to do with the sign that reads "No lifeguard on duty.  Swim and have non-consentual sex with Diamondback bullpen members at your own peril".  Not very family friendly if you ask me.  Located in downtown Phoenix, there are some decent drinking and eating options nearby including a renowned pizzeria (Pizzeria Bianco).    If I lived in the area, I'd totally see a few games a year.  But if you're dutifully trying to catch games in the most memorable ballparks, it's okay to leave this one off.
4	It's nice and pretty, but it ain't no Wrigley.   I am confused about the roof, on two different occasions when the outside temps were getting up there the roof was open?  Why not AC, this is Arizona, you know the valley of the SUN.  All kind of foods to eat, most of them aren't typical baseball fodder, sushi, iced coffees at a game?  I stick to the beer food group as a matter of principle when I go.
4	First, I must state that I am not a baseball fan.  I love playing &/or watching most sports (e.g., NCAA football & NFL, NBA, UFC, pro-boxing, volleyball, pro-tennis, world cup soccer, and occasionally will watch pro-golf) but baseball has been one of those sports I can only enjoy when I'm actually at a game.  So, when my cousins (who are HUGE baseball fans) asked if I wanted to go to the Season Opener for the Dbacks, I naturally agreed, especially since I had never been to Chase Field and wanted to check it out.  I worried about parking b/c having lived/attended many sporting events in LA, parking was always a nightmare in terms of traffic & cost.  (If I went to a USC football game, I usually ended up paying $25 to park on my own campus!)  However, I arrived about an hour before the game started and was able to park about 5-6 short blocks away on a side street--FOR FREE.  We meet up and as we walk into this mammoth place, I am amazed at how brand-spanking new everything appeared for being 10 yrs old.  (I was recently in the Cardinals new stadium but all the concrete and redzone lighting made it seem a lot older than a few years).  There seemed to be a variety of food & drink options available and although there were about 50K people there I didn't feel claustrophobic walking around before/during/after the game.There were a few irritating moments during my visions of grandeur: 1.  I paid $8 for a large miller lite--which was about 20 or 24 oz. and 2.  The BRAND NEW plasma movie sized screen only showed replays.  Now, I KNOW I was there and to watch the action on the field but it would've been nice to have that option, especially since we were sitting in the nose bleed section off the first base line.  Getting to our seats was simple but the climb up/down those steps was a little scary.  I'm not afraid of heights but it seemed pretty damn steep.Overall, though I had a fantastic time!!!!!  The weather was perfect, as the game started at 6:30 and with the roof open it wasn't ridiculously hot.  There were fireworks.  The D-backs hit a few homers & crushed the Dodgers.  And...I got to spend quality time with my family ; )  I would definitely go again.
5	Went to a ballgame here last night, and unfortunately the Diamondbacks lost to the Mets  :(  We got there early and had a few drinks at the Tee Pee lounge just south of the ballpark (which saved us mega-bucks over the extortion level prices inside - $10 beers?).The venue is fantastic, parking is a breeze, getting in and out of the stadium is effortless, the view from our dugout seats was spectacular, the building itself is an architectural wonder - this was one well planned ballpark.
3	Chase Field is nice. There is nothing overly special or memorable about it other than it is easy to get to and parking is a breeze.I've been to five games at Chase Field in the past year and I am still amazed on how easy it is to get to the stadium and park. I always get off the I-10 at 7th Avenue which perhaps helps. We've parked in parking garages three or four blocks from the stadium for $5! That is crazy cheap. This past Saturday, we parked at a meter...for free! Most cities would have covered the meters forcing you to park in a $15 garage. Even when we came for NLDS Game #1 in October, we parked in a garage easily for $8. Traffic after the game is never a problem either...I think it's because fans start leaving in the 7th inning.The wide concourses are nice and allow foot traffic to flow smoothly. The bathrooms are large with plenty of stalls and I have never once waited in a line. Most stadiums you are guaranteed to miss at least a half inning if not more when you make the crucial decision to use the restroom...not at Chase Field. I don't think I've missed more than one batter. The concession lines move quickly and there are lots of options. Prices are your average ballpark prices.  One of my grips about Chase Field is that there is nothing overly special about the food or beer selection...sure you can get sushi, but that isn't special. At Camden Yards there is Boog Powell's BBQ; PNC Park in Pittsburgh has Primanti Brothers and Yuengling; etc.  I've sat in a variety of locations (bleachers twice; first base side twice and third base side once) and every seat offers a great view. Chase Field has a small stadium feel so I always feel right on top of the action.I don't get the fans though. People show up really late (like fourth inning) and leave in the seventh. Is this is an Arizona thing because I noticed the same thing at ASU football games this past fall (people show up in the second quarter and leave by the third). I will say for the NLDS game we were at, the Dbacks fans were loud and the atmosphere was electric. I just wish that sentiment would carry throughout the year. I mean, the Dbacks are good this season. It's a shame they aren't getting more fans to the games to cheer them on!Oh and the roof...don't get me started on that! Just once I want to go to a game where the roof is open. I understand it gets hot here but on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon in late April/early May, it would just be nice to have the roof open. Baseball is meant to be played outdoors, but that's just me.3 stars for an average baseball park. Not the worst I have been to but not the best.
1	Only reason for 1 star is 'cause I got arrested here for underaged drinking years ago.I blame the Diamondbacks, for no legitimate reason.
4	I really liked Chase Field!  Went this weekend to watch the Dbacks/Tigers game during my first visit to Phoenix.  We went to a 5pm Saturday game on a hot day, and the roof was open.  I was a little worried that we would sweat our Midwestern asses off, but it was great!  The concourses were all AC'ed and the seating area was quite comfortable.  This park looks a lot like Miller Park in Milwaukee.Many food and booze choices which allowed me to get stuffed and buzzed...excellent!  All the people around us were nice (even though we were decked out in Tigers gear), but I also noticed that most of them didn't show up until after the 3rd inning and were gone by the 7th.  Kind of weird considering most people drive in from the burbs, and they weren't going to party at the bars outside the stadium (which were sadly pretty empty after the game).
4	One of the nicest baseball stadium I visited so far. It is air-conditioned and you have the ability to walk around the whole stadium. If it's really hot the roof closes, and they even have a swimming pool! Before the game we went to TGIF, to get something to grub and to watch the batting practices. TGIF is actually in the stadium, and during the game you can still come and eat while enjoying the game at the same time. However there will be a line.On a site note I came her opening game Diamond Backs - Dodgers, the opening show was spectacular; Fireworks, Jets flying over right after the National Hymn it was a great experience!The Diamondback fans are kinda boring compare to the some of the other fans within the MLB. But overall it is a really nice place to see some good baseball and it is right in the middle of the city so around the stadium are a lot of things to do.
4	I think this place gets a bad rap. Sure, it might not have the same charm as Wrigley Field, but the seats are comfortable, the weather will never ruin the game, they use real grass on the field, and the layout is just designed so much better than any old ballpark. You never have to walk very far for a hot dog or a toilet.Also, let's not kid ourselves about the Suns. In the last 10 years, the Diamondbacks have been the local major sports team with the best chance of winning a championship in any given year.
4	Amazing place.  Really cool and what a great time!  Ok, the A's lost but aside from that it is an amazing park.  The seats are well laid out, the visibility is fantastic,  the space to walk about was very good, and parking was well done.  The screen is amazing and the overall experience was perfect.  Ok, for the not so good.  The beer and food was just ok - the selection was really limited.  Other places I have been keep people from walking to seats while the pitch is on, but not here - and man it seemed like all people did was get up and down.  So the game quality was a bit tarnished from that.  But what a great place.  Even if having Air on while watching a game is - well a bit odd. One more thing - we ordered tickets online and somehow got the wrong day - so when we showed up - they worked to accommodate us and got great seats to replace our tickets, no problems.  That would never happen at home! Enjoy!
3	Not very impressed.Let me start of with the concession stands...."Do you have any seltzer water?"  "Uhhh...I am closed up.  But the dude across the way can get you some."So I walk to the "dude" with no teeth.  "Do you have any seltzer water?""I have soda water""great, that will work.""What are you going to do with it?"  "huh?" "Are you doing to drink it?  "What?"  "Well, are you going to use it to get a stain out?  If so then you will get it for free."  "Fine, I am getting a stain out."  "You just lied to me...that will be a $1.50"  "You are such a shiester!"  He ignored me and helped somebody else.Walk back to other guy.  "He is being really funny with giving me some seltzer water..."  "No problem...here you go."So back to the stadium....it was nice.  I was sweating bullets the whole time there.  It was hard to see the ball with the lights.  (Though since I was wearing sunglasses because of my Lasik maybe didn't help.)  Bathrooms were kind of clean.  I prefer Comerica Park or Wrigley Field...something that gives me more of a baseball feel.  Yes I know it is a bazillion degrees outside...they couldn't open the dome...which didn't make a difference to me since I was hot as hell with the dome closed.
5	First of all I admit, I'm not a big baseball fan.  I'm originally from North Dakota - i.e. no professional sports, er...no sports at all, unless you think ice fishing is a sport - so I wasn't raised in a household that watched baseball.  Luckily for me, I moved out of North Dakota and ventured to Massachusetts and fell in love with a gal from Boston.  Yes, I married a Red Sox fan.  Marie does not go overboard, but she definitely was raised seeing the Green Monster of Fenway a few times a year.  So I have learned a bit about baseball from her. Yeah, I'm a real man.On Monday, June 30, I received a game ticket from my sister for a Diamondback's game.  They were playing against the Milwaukee Brewer's.  The ticket was from her bosses season seats and I was meeting my brother-in-law and nephew at the game.  Our seats were in section G, row J.  Now I don't know baseball, but I know good seats and these were great seats.  Privileged as we were, we had waiter service for our beer and food ($57 including tip for 2 big beers, two hot dogs, and 3 large sodas).  The hot dog was nothing special but it was fun eating it 9 rows from the game.  The Diamondbacks won 6-3 and I was able to see all the action up close and personal.It was exciting. The stadium was wonderful.  Phoenix should be proud of having such a fine building for its baseball team.  It was fun watching the people getting into the game.  The ushers were friendly and helpful.  I spent my whole life in the arts.  Now I see how the other half lives and it was fun.  Soon, I'll check out the game from the cheaper seats.  I'm sure it will be as much fun.Here is the game's play by play: http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/playbyplay?gameId=280630129
1	Encountered the rudest and most unprofessional employee here at this venue EVER...what tha f*** ???Not even the nice ones could make up for it.  We had great seats, right behind Home team Dugout.  Even the fellow fans in the seats around us were great....but this one employee was so completely off the chart lame, I'm going to fault this whole establishment for her suckiness.
3	"If you built it, he will come."He, of course, was Commissioner Bud Selig. And it was  Bank One Ballpark. Like many sports executives at the time, Selig was enamored with using public money to support a battery of gleaming new stadia from coast to coast. And nowhere was the argument for better facilities stronger  than in cities without a ballpark to begin with. Ten years later Chase Field stands almost as a relic of this bygone era, as strange as it sounds. Looming over Phoenix's downtown, Chase Field is a contrasts starkly with the state's many spring training grounds. Hardly cut from the downtown cornfield however, the stadium sits at the eastern edge of the city's resurgent downtown. But you'll hardly notice this at first because the main entrance is from the west. Ticket in hand, you'll undoubtedly be searched gently for contraband and then welcomed inside. (Sealed bottled water is a must.) Just be prepared to walk. While there's an eastern entrance it's almost inaccessible from parking lots to the south. Moreover, if you are sitting on the upper level, be sure to take the massive escalators right inside the entrance. Once indoors, the only way to go up is the stairs or ramps....unless of course you are old or disabled...only then can you line up to use the elevators.No matter where you are headed, you'll likely end up in a seat of decent size with a cup holder and a decent sightline. But if you elect to sit above row five or so on the upper level, don't be suprised to get a free case of vertigo as well. (It also is much drier and hotter up here, as you might expect.) Sit nearer the ground and you'll actually get a more occluded view because the rows aren't as steep.At some point you'll inevitable leave your seat for a bit, and this is when you'll start to wonder about this place. Sure, the bathrooms are plentiful and clean and the concourses wide. But don't try to visit that pool you see on TV, it's actually a suite rented out for $6500 a game. Don't wait around expecting much local color either. While Coldstone and Garcia's are represented here, you'd be better off going to the FBR Open to eat local food. After all, Chase's most renown treat are garlic fries available from Gordon Biersch, a Tennessee conglomerate originally from the Bay Area. You'll also see no mention of the state's network of spring training parks, or anything else of even faux cultural value that would confuse the place with say, Camden Yards.Lastly, there's the issue of price. While baseball has long prided itself as being the most economical of sports to attend, somebody had to pay for the strike in 1994, and it's you. After all, many of Chase's upper seats lie vacant game after game, a testament to the project's ambition during the height of the Steriods Era. Now, however, the game's moguls focus on the high end customer, charging exorbitant prices to get closer and closer to the action at home plate. The stadium reflects this trend, but is hardly the sport's worst offender. As mentioned by others, parking is usually between $5-$10 and bleacher seats cost as much as the upper level. Inexplicably though, the team charges $5 more for so called "premium games" (i.e. teams from certain media markets who are perceived to spend more at the ballpark). Only thing is, the $5 premium applies whether the ticket is normally $20 or $200...calling into question just what economic logic is behind it.Chase Field is a fine facility...for Houston. But in a state with as rich a baseball history as Arizona, you'd kind of expect more. Before long though, "the BOB" will begin to show it's age and the city might get a second chance.
4	Very nice baseball stadium! Very modern and convienent. Went to see the D-backs vs the Cubs 7/22, and found the experience very fun! Ate the usual garlic fries with Gordan Bierch Marzen, very tasty. They had a good variety of food options from usual ballpark food to Panda Express, sushi, and mexican take out. The crowd was very fun and had the pleasure of meeting some very cool AZ folks!
5	Baseball should not be played in a dome.  But then again this is Arizona and it's ridiculously hot outside. That being said Chase field was handed down from the baseball gods to Phoenix and it has not disappointed one bit.I've sat all around this stadium and there is not one bad seat to be had..... Even at the top in the nose bleed section.  You have the kid zone which looks fun for the kids (about 15 years too old for that) and Fridays Front Row (lots of fun for adults!) It is very kid friendly from the music to the mascot to the activities between innings.  The fans are some of the greatest in the league and very friendly.   Beware the team store though. You could go broke there will all the cool things to buy.Now for what I rate best. The food is surprisingly good for a ballpark.  Besides the old school hot dog-soda-cracker jacks combo's, there is decent Mexican food, Peter Piper Pizza, Fatburger (my favorite,) Panda Express, and Cold Stone Ice Cream.  Booze prices are inflated naturally since you have no choice, but it's a small price to pay.All in all, I've pushed aside my belief that baseball should not be played indoors and now enjoy visiting this fine establishment.
3	VENUE PROS:   It's not the very best of the new parks, but Chase is still more clean, comfortable and convenient than any of the venerated east coast ballyards.  Decentralized parking is easy and inexpensive by MLB standards and there are several nearby bars, incl Alice Cooperstown and a Hard Rock. Inside Chase, plenty of bathrooms, ticket windows and concessions; a homemade tamale stand near the LF foulpole may evolve into Chase's first  "signature" staple.   The wide lower concourse is circular, so anyone can grab a fifth inning ice cream and circumscribe the field  - to appreciate the game and stadium architecture from every conceivable angle. Check out the Arizona murals in the rotunda and Friday nite fireworks -  both very cool. All the seats have good sightlines and they've installed a state of the art scoreboard. VENUE CONS:   Aside from the necessary Sonoran evil of indoor baseball, the cons really have less to to do with the stadium itself than with the atmosphere inside, which is a function of several front office blunders. First, attendance is down considerably from the 1998-2004 Colangelo era, despite wild metro growth and last year's NLCS appearance. Locals have rejected the uniquely regressive pricing model of the new front office, featuring MLB's highest % single game differentials. That wont gain sympathy from Yankees fans, who often pay more in real terms (albeit for much higher demand tickets), but the local reality is that Kendrick and Moorad suppressed single game sales in MLB's lowest per capita income catchment area since they deposed Colangelo.     Others were alienated by the abrupt and willful destruction of the original Diamondbacks brand, ingloriously purple as it was.  To many, Sedona Red feels like a self aggrandizing bastard to Arizona's groundbreaking indigenous MLB franchise.  Our cool estrangement isnt aimed at current players, many of whom were virtually cost free prospects inherited from the previous regime, but schadenfreude targeted at the new owners is alive and well in the desert - and more understandable once one endures the inane dog and pony show put on by these pious profiteers.   The stadium experience has deteriorated from a baseball focused entertainment to a breathtakingly brazen corporate onslaught aimed at the consumer...er....I mean "fan". It's not just ballpark signage - that was always there and even Ebbet's Field had tons of ads. And I'm certainly not suggesting Colangelo was above trying to sell merchandise. But these impudent clowns have miked a painfully shrill pair of "in game hosts" to the stadium PA during each game, shrieking about the most vacuous stuff you can imagine - literally every half inning - screaming about Aquafina water, or breathlessly sharing "awesome" deals on $15 T shirts at the Team Shop, flanked by a full squad of cheesy cheerleaders. You have to sit through nine innings of this to truly appreciate how insulting and out of place this rehearsed cacophony feels.    Between 1998-2004, Chase Field was a reasonably priced and reasonably full place, to enjoy great (and in the case of 2004, far from great) baseball. It could very easily be that again, if the self described front office "Deam Team"  would rethink their organizational contempt for ordinary Phoenicians and actually cater to them -a la Arte Moreno's  Angels - instead of pretending to cater to them by pushing an overpriced and unwelcome promotional blitz down everyone's throat.
4	What an awesome stadium, this place is so cool. There is a retractable roof on this joint- so when it gets so hot (Read 110 F) they can shield the crowd from the scorching sun/rain/occasional monsoon. I was lucky enough to enjoy the D-backs game from a suite- and I couldn't have asked for a better time. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and comfortable. Next time I am in Phoenix, I will have to visit Chase Field again.
5	As a huge baseball fan, and huge fan of baseball parks in general I've been licking my chops of having the chance to visit Chase Field. Coming from New York in which our ballparks are pretty much on their last legs - I couldn't wait to see a ballpark built in my life time. Chase Field which was built for the 1998 season, is probably one of the best ballparks I've seen a game at.It is located in the downtown Phoenix, roughly two blocks away from US Airways Arena. How they situated this ballpark was pretty clever - a bar for pre-game festivities across from the ballpark in a plaza, which is across from that is the parking garage.For those who don't know Chase Field is a retractable roof stadium, depending on what the weather is like - they'll either keep it open and let the air flow in, or keep it closed and pump the AC. From the outside in the distance, the stadium looks like an airplane hanger. That just gives you a feeling on how massive this ballpark is.The atmosphere and layout of the park itself is one of the best. I walked in through the rotunda entrance and immediately saw the field. I'm not used to seeing the field so quickly, as I've only been to stadiums in which you cannot see the field from the concourse. You can walk around the stadium and not miss a pitch.Chase Field gave me the feeling of a shopping mall's food court. There is food everywhere, chain restaurants and ballpark staples all encompassing the stadium's concourse. This is a huge perk because you don't have to walk far in order to get what you crave. There is a Panda Express, TGIFriday's and a Fatburger located within the ballpark, so you have plenty of choices to eat during the game.I purchased field tickets for $35 which gives you a great seat for a great price, it is a breath of fresh air coming out of NYC and seeing a game from the field for less than $50. Concession prices are good as well, I fed myself with a sausage and a beer for less than $13. I find that pretty good for a newer ballpark in this day in age of inflated concession prices. I usually pay near $20 at my home ballpark (Shea Stadium) when I'm hungry.  Coming from New York, I know what a baseball games atmosphere is supposed to be like. Maybe I'm not used to it, but the fans here didn't seem to be paying attention to the game that much especially during a pitcher's duel. The game was won in the bottom of the 10th, with a walk-off home-run. I guess that is what happens when you model your stadium after a shopping mall, people tend to forget about the main reason why they are there.As of August 08: Chase Field Ranks #1 of the 5 ballparks I've seen.
3	I have to lead off this review by saying the last MLB game I attended was at Fenway.  If you've been, you know what I'm talkin' about.That being said, it's hard not to like Chase Field.  So I'm in between.  I don't like it but I don't not like it.  It's OK.  None of the seats are bad and the place is a palace.  Opulent.  So much so that it feels wrong to old school baseball fans like me.  When you come across the bridge from the Chase Field parking garage and enter the stadium it feels like you've entered an office building.  Huh?Maybe that's why Chase Field lacks the tension and energy of many other ballparks.  What tone do you want to set for your fans?  That this place rocks and oozes history?  Sorry, Fenway has that locked-up.  That we just had the carpet cleaned and check out my new big screen TV but keep it down, my grandad is sleeping upstairs?  That's closer to the feeling at Chase Field.And no offense Phoenix fans, maybe it's a west coast thing.  They could not keep a wave going and every cheer the announcer or the ring of bazillion dot boards tried to get going self-extinguished in 10 seconds or less.  Sad.
4	My illustrious "baseball" career began with t-ball. There I was, stranded out in no hitsville right field waving to my parents. Well I'll be doll garned a fly ball is coming my way. My parents waving turned to them pointing earnestly at something behind me. What in the heck were they pointing at I thought? Turns out it was the ball rolling towards the fence just recently hit. I retrieved that ball, with shame, and threw it to the 2nd baseman, and managed to wave once again to my folks in the stands. That said, I love stadiums. I love the feeling you get entering an arena with thousands of people all in one place to have a good time. That's the energy I like and feel in most stadiums. Chase was no different. I love how the field is so open from all points in the concourse. For a domed stadium, it indeed feels very open. View was great from the 1st baseline. And the food choices were fantastic. Now the fans. Seriously. You'd think we were at a Xanax festival. And I love seeing the father and son teams. Very nostalgic. And indeed it was my dad's birthday, so I was struck by that and it brought back so many amazing and loving memories. But jeez.. We must have been in the "I don't talk to me kid during the game" section. These were very serious fathers. Or overly medicated.Can't wait to go back. Take me out to the...oh, never mind, I'll spare you.
3	I haven't been to any East Coast stadiums since I was little, but having been to Dodgers Stadium many times in middle school and been to 5-6 games at the Oakland Coliseum when we lived in the Bay Area, I know a thing or two about what makes a stadium a well-worn, much-loved home for baseball fans. Chase Field is definitely not that kind of place. Why? Well, for starters, it's relatively new. It's a gorgeous and well-maintained work of urban architecture, but it does feel a bit manufactured and lacks a bit of character. The other reason is that the fans just don't care that much. Now, I'm not a die-hard baseball fan, even though I do enjoy the experience of attending games, but it's just not as much fun when you go to a stadium and find that everyone around you is just not that into it. Maybe this will change as Phoenix continues to grow and diversify and the D-backs fan base develops, but for now, Chase Field is just not as exciting as the other stadiums I've been to. One thing I must say in its favor, though - their $5 hot dog is literally the best I've ever had. It was slightly charred and had great flavor. Forget the sushi (which, oddly enough, is served by Panda Express) and the crappy Mexican and stick to the time-tested classic dog. You won't regret it.
3	First off, I'm not a baseball fan.  It's a sport whose arcane rituals and kabuki-like play are alien to my football-addled self.  But when offered a free 10th row seat, even I'm not dumb enough to turn that down.  So, okay, the The D-backs were playing the Reds in a huge snooze-a-thon, but it beat sitting in the airport waiting for my redeye.But I'm here to Yelp the stadium which, on first blush, is pretty cool.  Large, clean, roofed (which apparently angers baseball purists, but since I'm more of a baseball nihilist who also cares more about getting heat stroke, I actually appreciate it.I can't say more about the sightlines and the view since we lucked into killer seats.  I mean, OUR view was good, but I can't say anything about the nosebleeds.  What I can write about is 1) the food and 2) the fans.First, the food.  I was pretty impressed by the concessions selection, but keep in mind that's as compared to the veritable desert (pun intended) of food options at Turner Field.  OK, Turner Field has lots of FOOD, but few options.  Fatburger?  Panda Express?  That BBQ place?  Kudos to you, Chase Field, if even the choices weren't all that good objectively speaking.  I ended up getting a brat with kraut from the ubiquitous sausage guys next to the beer carts.  The beer, by the way, is the same cringe-inducing price as venues here in Atlanta.The fans?  Again, I'm comparing you all to the allegedly lame Braves fans.  (I say "allegedly" because I'm going off what my baseball-crazed friends who've visited other stadiums say.  Now with my own two eyes, yes, Braves fans are uber-lame when compared to football fans.)   So compared to Braves fans?  Just as lame.  (And yes, I realize this was the Reds vs. 'Backs, so reality may be just a little skewed.)  Now I happen to be sitting next to a hardcore D-Backs fan who lamented to me the fan apathy. He yelled at the appropriate moments and even encouraged my unallied self to get into it in favor of the D-backs.  He even explained the flag lady in the upper decks to me, who kind of creeped me out at first, but I later gave a grudging respect to. (Not to mention, with the Popeye-like forearms that broad must have, she'd probably beat my ass.)He also explained to me your incongruous mascot choice of a Bobcat.  Really?  A bobcat?  I thought your mascot was a SNAKE.  "Well, you see," he patiently explained to me, "back when it was Bank One Ballpark, our stadium was nicknamed The Bob.  So we ended up with a Bobcat.  Unfortunately it's now Chase field and they kept the Bobcat so now it makes no sense and is just fucking retarded."Ah, all clear!  Thanks, Random D-backs Fan sitting next to me. (And dude, even though the girl you were with was "just a friend," you need to cowboy up and get with her.  I sensed something going on.)Anyway, five stars to that one dude, but three stars to the overall stadium.  That includes your famous pool too.
4	I think this is possibly the best ballpark in baseball.  I will only give it a 4 rating because the Red Sox dont play here but other than that it is perfect.Got a ticket on left field line, field level for 30 bucks.  Nice and air conditioned.  Really easy to see the action. Comfortable seating.  Cheap parking outside ($5).  Im used to the east coast like Fenway and Yankee stadium where I can expect to spend way too much.I wish the D-Back fans were a little more into the games, but the longer this ticket is in town who knows? things might change.
2	As a true baseball fan, I can really say that this stadium is awful. Baseball is about baseball... it's not about big plasma TVs, chain restaurants (Peter Piper Pizza, Coldstone, Panda Express, etc, etc), and signs that tell you when you need to cheer for your team. A real stadium is full of fans that are actually watching the game and not reading a newspaper or sitting in the "knitting" section during the special game that gives participants a bag of knitting supplies. Everything at this ballpark is about endorsements, vendors, gift shop sales, and manufacturing the most about of revenue for the least coin. I still go to games for the love of baseball, but since living in AZ, I've come to enjoy real baseball during spring training 100x more than the actual baseball season.
4	Went to Chase field this baseball season to see the DBacks vs the Padres. Great pitching matchup of Jake Peavy vs Brandon Webb. Well the game turned out to be high-scoring as it was home run galore so that was fun. We had amazing seats as a friend of mine got a hook up with the team and so we scored seats right behind the AZ dugout first row! We were able to put our drinks and food right on the dugout roof! The players were all about 10 feet away from us when they stood up or walked onto the field. We ate food behind home plate in the little sports bar they have down there. The service was good but everything was very pricey (to be expected at any sporting event). I dd love the selection of the food and drink choices at the park though. It would be nice if they had a Dunkin Donuts coffee stand but I keep forgetting that I am on the west coast! Overall a great time and great place to watch a game.
2	It really pains me to give this stadium 2 stars.  A place that once welcomed me with open arms as an 11 year old girl 11 years ago has painfully tossed me aside in favor of pandering to the new 11 year olds.  I used to be valued and loved here.  I was given gifts and great deals at the concessions.  Funny thing is, I never paid for my ticket back then.  Things have changed.  Unfortunately, they have changed for the worse.  My husband and I actually got engaged here, that's how much I used to love it here.  No, it wasn't on the Jumbotron, my now husband was lied to.  He was told that he would get his proposal to me on the big screen and even a special video to document.  Shortly before then, they canceled on him, crushing his dream of making my dream come true.  Instead, I was treated to a much more intimate, beautiful and heartfelt proposal.  It still happened at Chase Field, but no thanks to the organization.  This is just one of many letdowns from this place.After we were married, we attended the games as proud season ticket holders.  It was exciting to watch this young team climb up the playoff ladder and make a good run for the series.  Unfortunately it was quite painful along the way.  We were introduced to the idiots known as Mike and Vanessa.  They add nothing more to the game other than making it an embarrassing spectacle in the world of baseball.  Then we met the Rallybacks, nothing more than glorified Hooter's girls wearing baseball apparel.  They couldn't name you one player on the team.  Sad.One day they gave away margarita glasses to the adult crowd.  Not wanting to ignore the children who get special kid's only giveaways at every game, they made them special kids tumblers glasses.  They were way cooler and I asked to exchange my adult glass for the kids glass.  I was very rudely declined by the power hungry ticket taker.  I always felt that as a season ticket holder, I should be entitled to ALL of the giveaways, after all, I was giving a ton of money to this team.  That was out of the question.Finally, we discontinued our season tickets.  We did this out of disgust at the way we were treated by this organization.  Our baseball buddy had injured her leg quite badly during the season and suffered a good amount every time she walked the stairs down to our seats.  We sat her on the end so she wouldn't have to be cramped or get up (we were in a very short row of 7 seats and we took up 3).  Unfortunately the other people in our row did not share the same concern for her and constantly shoved past her when they could have disturbed their own party instead.  This caused a great deal of verbal assaults on us, one even resulting in a threat of violence.  We reported this to the security and were completely ignored.  The best the team could do was move us to the opposite side of the stadium and put us in worse seats.There are  few good things about this place.  Derrick Hall is one of them.  He immediately responded to every one of my emails, even the one where I asked if I could have the old Jeff Salazar posters since he was no longer part of the team.  I never did get those.  I appreciated his apology when I told him about the whole "seat debacle" but he couldn't offer me what I felt I deserved.  That's okay, because he has a whole stadium to worry about.  I still think that he is a good and decent guy with a great love for baseball.  I think he will do great with this team.  Unfortunately, that's where the praise ends.I'm sorry, but I may not be back here.  It's like a bad breakup for me because I had such a long, loving relationship with this place despite all the bad food and the bad times.  There were lots of good times here too.  Sadly, the good is grossly outweighed by the bad.  I will miss it, but I think a swift sever is the best and only way to go.
5	There's a pool for private parties, a retractable roof (Heat & AC), fireworks, bars and restaurants. Places for this kids to play, a decent amount of souvenir shops and vendors roaming around. The seating was well planned, and the ticket prices aren't ridiculous; what more can you ask for?!
5	You know it's true, DBacks fans aren't the same as Red Sox fans, Yankees or Dodger fans, so if you're looking for a roudy, drunken, sports experience, don't go here.  But if you appreciate baseball, and enjoy watching the game in a comfortable facility with over 40,000 of your closest friends, then this is the place for you.Chase Field is the only MLB park that boasts a swimming pool out in left field, and the Diamond Vision is the largest Television in all of the ballparks (although KC is planning on one upping their screen this year.)  For a truly fun experience, go down to the park on an off day and take a tour.  For about 6 bucks, you'll get an hour and a half of behind the scenes fun, including your own opportunity to sit in the DBacks Dugout.   It's a fun family experience.  So don't be a ballpark snob, come out to Chase Field and support the Arizona Diamondbacks.  Our hometown team!
4	I have been to Chase Field before on several different occasions for baseball games.  I've probably gone to more baseball games in the 4 years that I have lived here, then probably in all my years in Detroit.  No one out ranks my Tigers, but my Diamondbacks are a decent team to watch.I like this stadium.  Its modern and cool.  Retractable roof and walls that open.  Very modern and clean.  They have ample bathrooms, but the stalls themselves are tiny as heck, which I did not like.  I am not a large person, but found the stalls to be rather claustrophobic.I also like that the light rail stops right in front of this place too.  this means I dont have to park and pay an outrageous amount of $$ to leave my car in the hot sun.I will say this.  This is the first time that I have sat in the upper deck.  (3rd level.)  I usually sit in the lower level. I was scared at one point because the barriers between you and falling down all that way were minimal. I could easily see myself or someone whos had one beer to many toppling over those rails.  Scary!I really did enjoy my experience here, and will obviously be returning for more games!
3	So Chase field you get 3 stars.Here's the problem(s) I have with the venue or CONS so to speak.1. Cash Only almost EVERYWHERE, for a stadium named after a bank, don't you think someone would have taken finacial practice into better concern, perhaps CHASE just wants to sucker you more by making you pay their ATM fees if your not a member which I see as "Greedy Fat Cat" practices. 2. No real options in regards to "regular" ball park food, the Brats are a joke and at 6 bucks a pop, they don't even offer peppers and onions, strange that it shows it in the menu picture. Other than that it's just another typical "let's capitalize all we can" with your typical crap chains (Fridays, Panda Express, etc) which I find pretty disgusting.  3. The "Value" beer stands..... Okay, when is a beer a "value" at 4 dollars, I mean  seriously, being that I just paid 6 bucks for a brat that's pretty pathetic I'd at least like the decency of having a good size beer to help wash down the piss boiled frank I just overpaid the crap out of for. To sum it up, the value beer is tiny and the only one worth buying IMO is the 9 dollar 24 ouncer or even better, the 10.50 Corona, HA.Here's the PROS.1. Damn good deal on seating prices, we sat in section 140 (lower level outfield) for 15 bucks a person, Not too shabby! 2. The stadium is rather beautiful, for a stadium that is. 3. There's a pool in the outfield, cool idea 4. Parking is rather cheap (12 bucks) and has never seemed to be an issue.5. Traffic control before and after games is surprisingly smooth Overall 3 stars, I just think they need more originality instead of what "Joe Sixpack" wants while charging him Paris Hilton prices.
5	I was very amazed by this place. Came to town thinking big deal, watching a game in a dome. Boy was I wrong, besides low prices for parking, game tickets and food. Stadium is beautifully and a fun place to watch a game. I recommend you to schedule a tour before the game, especially if you have kids! Too bad the local fans do not support their team. There were only 24,000 at the game, maybe 12,000 were angels fans. I will come back again!!
4	I like Chase, I liked it better as BOB but that is because BOB just sounds cool. You have to admire a place that can cool the air from 110 to a nice 75 degrees. The building is cool, nothing special to me. Ir seems to lack character compared to the old Detroit stadium (my only other comp) but AZ is not know for our culture right. (where can i get a good fish taco?) The food is fine, the bathrooms are fine, the parking is fine. Just do not eat at SLIDERS, go anywhere else.
4	I don't really have anything bad to say about Chase. I had free tickets, $10 to park in the shade in a secure parking garage, brought my own peanuts since I had them, purchased a large drink and a small hot dog $7. Not a bad way to spend a Sunday.
4	I love this baseball park. Last year I was a season ticket holder and before that I had come to baseball games pretty consistently, even by myself a few times. But this field is great, not just for baseball. I have seen two motor cross events there and a monster truck thing. It doesn't matter where you sit, you can see, hear and enjoy yourself! Of course...I have to admit the lower level seats behind home plate are AWESOME! The firework show they put on after some Friday night games is pretty fun, about a month ago they had a Michael Jackson tribute fireworks show and that was great! This is a great park to just go and enjoy an event with family, friends, or alone :D I've witnessed a few fan fights, I've seen some amazing plays, and of course I always have a great time!!
4	Other than my work, I did manage to find enough time to attend a Arizona Diamondback's game who is hosting my San Francisco Giants as a road team. When I was there on (9/21), it was the final home game for the Diamondbacks. All in all, my first time in Phoenix and obviously my first time to watch a baseball game at Chase Field was a most memorable one. In terms of Baseball parks, I've seen games at AT&T, McAfee Coliseum in Oakland and Anaheim Stadium (Game-7 of the World Series in 2002), and every Major League ballparks has unique features. Chase Field has a retractable roof that closes on hot weather days and opens on cooler nights. With the rare cool Phoenix weather, I actually saw the roof opens with the stadium playing Darth Vader's entrance theme as the roof opens. Behind the right-field bleachers, there is a hot-tub for people lounging around the poolside partying and watch their home-team plays. Then beyond the tall centerfield wall is a bright High-definition Scoreboard to watch the player's bio and other entertainment. And next to the huge colorful scoreboard, there are all the achievements with banners induced by the Diamondbacks including a banner winning the 2001 World Series.   With the Diamondback baseball team doing poorly in 2009, getting tickets were not a problem. I purchased a $31.00 seat at the Club-level in the "All-you-can-eat" section. Only available until the seventh inning, you get unlimited hot-dogs, sodas, bottled water, chips, popcorn and bagged shelled peanuts. This section is definitely perfect for anybody to train if you want to compete with Joey Chestnut or Takeru Kobayashi. Being in Phoenix for only an hour after my 2.5 hours flight from Portland prior to game time at 7:10pm, this was my dinner. My ticket stub: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YgVC9NdMji-VV05w7-E1DQ?select=MIuIlJa4H7Adct-_ay7Ovw And for dining, there is a TGIF restaurant on the Club-Level only available for ticket-holders with Club-level seats. Around the ballpark there are food vendors such as Panda Express, Fat Burger, Gordon Bierch, Dannon Ice Cream and Frozen Yogurt in which I got for $5.50 for a mountain-size softee similiar to McDonalds in a small snack-size Diamondback's helmet. After I finished the fro-yo and washed the helmet, it is mine to take home and put on the head of my Joe Cool doll.My Fro-yo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YgVC9NdMji-VV05w7-E1DQ?select=cjDbjtFMm1lghBc7ZehWOgI sat the entire nine-inning and watch my Giants beat the Diamondback. Afterwards, the Giants congratulate each other for a victory for their final game in Arizona for 2009. A game and visit I'll never forget.
4	I basically love this place. Easy in, easy out by car and light rail. The beer prices went down, you can see from any seat in the house, it's always clean, and almost everyone that works there has a nice, pleasant personality.Two recommendations: - They need to check tickets. Nothing pisses me off more than when they allow everyone who paid $7 for nose bleeds to infiltrate the first level. Yes, they are empty seats, but the nose bleeders didn't pay to sit there. There are ushers at every section. They should check tickets.- Get rid of Mike(?) and Vanessa. They are painful to watch and lend nothing to the experience. I don't know one fan who enjoys watching them. It looks like Chase Field just threw two ASU interns in front of the jumbotron camera.
3	Yeah two stars (read all) my first game here was against the Cubs, Cubs won. Good thing I'm a cubs fan. I used to live in Tempe and would come to the ball park when I could and catch a game. I never really liked the ball park, it seemed like a movie theater, being a cubs fan and having been to Wrigley, chase field Back then Bank one ball park was kind of a joke to me. Then I move back to the midwest. Now that I've been to a few other ball parks I realized that Chase field is a cookie cutter ball park, it's the same as Minute maid (astros) without the train and the same as Miller park (brewers) with out the yellow slide for Bernie. The good things about Chase field. I was there when the diamondbacks won game 7 and the world series! It was a fun time but people in Tempe mostly Asu students started a riot on mill ave witch was pretty fun. Although I didn't like the fact that a guy kicked a cops knee in. I came back out for a visit (friends wedding). when it was playoff time Chicago Cubs vs Arizona, I had some alright seats, would have never got seats like that for that price in Chicago! The other thing that bothers me about my last visit to Chase Field Game 2 of the playoffs against the cubs was there was some dork behind me trying to talk trash, which would have been fine but he didn't know half the players on the field (I'm being nice, I think he knew two players) or anything about baseball! That was the thing that bothered me about Phoenix in general that people only come out when there team was winning, If I only had a team in my city (Cedar Rapids, Ia) I'd be there every game! Please make this a better place by actually being a fan! If your going to talk trash then know more then two people on your team! and a little about baseball. if you don't know that much then just watch and learn the game!
5	Well with baseball season  fast approaching i find it only fitting to start writing some reviews of my favorite MLB parks over the next few weeks. Since i live here in Arizona now i will start with Chase Field which i visited last June when i was out here on vacation. The D-Backs were playing the San Francisco giants and when i walked into the stadium it felt like i was walking into a brand new carpeted home...with all the amenities included. It was also a comfortable enough night to leave the roof open...which is great because that is the way baseball should be played anyway. That being said i totally understand the need for the enclosed stadium out here...due to the blistering heat of course (LOL).However it was a great night again to see the game so i am glad the roof was open. I sat out in right center field near the pool out there...that's right the Swimming pool folks. There is a nice restaurant and Bar out there and you can sit out right by the pool and enjoy the game. The stadium was extremely clean...the vendors were very friendly....and the sight lines are great to watch a baseball game. Even the planes flying in and out from sky harbor airport were nice to see flying over the stadium every 20 min or so.The ticket prices and food prices were good compared to other parks i have been too...so i had no complaint about that. The parking is another issue though because i parked in the neighborhood but you have to be careful parking down there because the signs and meters can be confusing. My suggestion is to park in the garage...or a couple blocks over from the stadium and walk and i can guarantee you and your car will be fine.The outdoor vendors and restaurants leading to the stadium could be better...but again they are very friendly and there are always specials for the games and people just hanging out having a good time. I have been to 16 MLB stadiums and this one is definitely in my top 10..i look forward to going to a few games this summer to enjoy some baseball. If your ever in phoenix and want to go to a fan friendly stadium and of course love baseball...because you don't have to like the D-Backs(i don't...LOL) to go, then you should pay Chase Field a visit. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	I've been to Chase several times and it's a nice park.  Last night however I sat in the Club reserved level.  The seats are nice but you are never in them.  I was at the Club level bar and then the Arizona Baseball Club area.  They are a lot of fun and add to a unique baseball experience.  Great food and a great selection of alcohol.  I don't think I can ever go back to "normal" seats again.
3	What's with the swimming pool in the outfield? This is baseball people not Mall of America. Why would you pay that much money for tickets to a ball game and decide to spend it goofing off in a pool. I could think of better ways to spend my money. I will admit the selection of drinks, beers, and food was pretty good and I walked the entire park and it was entertaining. Growing up on Sheffield St. 6 blocks away from Wrigley Field might have some reason why I only gave it 3 stars but it's not a mall or is it?
4	Very clean ballpark.  Plenty of Vendors.  Cheap tickets.  Decent seats (some are so far away, looks like you are watching GIJoe sized baseball players run around).  I'll go back in a heartbeat to watch my cubbies!  This place needs to sell more tickets though... only downfall was how empty it was.
4	Honestly I cannot say I got the full treatment of Chase field.  Faraway seats, and I honestly was a bit sleepy, and it was an exhibition game, so it had only about 20,000 fans.I will say it is a beautiful field, has a nice jewel-box stadium feel to it.  When the roof and some walls are open, there is a nice view of the mountains.  Workers were friendly, except the guy who spotted we were a section too close.All in all, its a great place to watch a game.  I will no doubt go back when I am back an Arizona.
3	Considering this is a recently built stadium, it seriously lacks character.  I paid 220 for a ticket behind homeplate and it was fun!  I got to check out the stadium's radar gun and jive with some of the scouts who were taking stats for whatever purpose.The stadium itself makes for a poorer experience compared to other ballparks (I've been to 14 of 30 as of this writing).  It's like Dodger Stadium or Miller Park - very large and "anti-intimate".  This is what true baseball fans abhor in their ballparks.  The neighborhood surrounding Chase Field contains many bars and is clean and new.  Petco Park has a better scene though (This might be unfair because Petco Park and Wrigley Field are among the best ballpark neighborhoods.  In fact, most ballparks have dumpy neighborhoods - US Cellular, Minute Maid Park, Miller Park, Comerica Park).Don't ever visit Chase Field if you're a baseball nut and just want to see the ballpark.  It will disappoint you.
4	Been here many times always for a Dbacks game. I really like the stadium itself, I've never had a bad view of the game even when getting the cheap sets. As usual the food is stupidly expensive but its what people have come to expect as part of the experience. The fans add to the luster or in this case, the lack of luster of the stadium. The Dbacks fans seem sedated, the only ones cheering are the opposition team's fans,which come out in droves and have always outnumbered dbacks fans. It doesn;t have the electricity of a Wrigley field or a Busch stadium, but its still a good place to go to watch a ball game...especially if you cheer for the other team!
4	Cheap tickets, beautiful stadium, pool inside the stadium and cheap value menu foods!They aren't my hometown team, but since I live here now for the moment, I do enjoy coming here for ball games. We've been three times now (seasoner opener, sf giants (go lincecum!),  and justin upton bobblehead giveaway day) and it's been fun =)It's just funny when people chant "D-Backs" because the muffle of the crowd makes them sound like "D-Bags" =)
5	I been to many stadiums and this is one of my favorites. I attended a game against the Atlanta Braves and it was a great experience.Food prices are typical for any MLB stadium but get the combo meals and it seems cheaper. The bigger the beer the cheaper it seems. There really isn't a bad seat inside the entire place. Get there early enough and you can go down tot he bleachers during batting practice to catch a homerun hit. The staff is very friendly and talkative.If I lived in Arizona I would get season tickets. The merchandise pricing is pretty cheap too compared to most stadiums. $23 for a hat compared to $41 at Dodgers Stadium.
4	Solid stadium.  We caught 2 games here against the Cardinals.  We went on my actual birthday which was sweet.  The Cardinals won 5-2, my wife got me a birthday surprise by announcing my birthday on the jumbo tron, and there were Friday night fireworks.  A perfect night!The stadium is easy to get to, parking was cheap ($7 bucks right across the street from the stadium), prices were fair for a ballpark and the fans were mellow.  I guess they have been named the family friendliest ballpark in the majors and I can see why.  Ushers were nice and helpful etc.They had the roof open on my birthday.  Its amazing how that works.  Like 15 minutes before the game they decided to open it up.  Its awesome just watching it open and then seeing the night sky above.  Quite a site to see.  It opens super fast too. Overall a super nice stadium and one of the best ones I have been to.  I could see myself picking up some kind of season ticket plan if I lived out in AZ.
4	I'm not a baseball fan. I don't dislike the sport, I just don't know it. My little boy, on the other hand, thinks he's the best sports player in the world -at any sport- and therefore loves baseball. He'd gotten a little Diamondbacks pocket schedule at a local pizza place and got excited that the Yankees (his T-ball team's namesake) was going to play right after his birthday. We offered and he chose tickets to D-Backs vs. Yankees in lieu of a party. I went onto the website to look at the various pricing packages. After I fainted and came-to again from reading the pricing for the package with the pool, I called the stadium. I figured they'd be able to help me better with packages, pricing, discounts, etc. That wasn't the case. The guy was pretty unhelpful basically repeating what I had just told him. Most all the tickets were sold out, so all we could get were nosebleed seats (literally as it turned out. My son got a nosebleed towards the end of the game). Again, not being baseball savvy, I appreciate that this stadium has like 10 million places to look around at and shop. You know who would be at the pool if price were not a factor? Me. You know who goes looking through all the various shops and appreciates all the choices? Me. Sorry if I'm making the experience less authentic. It was very easy to find our seats even though we were wwaaaayyyyy up there. We were also able to see the game quite well. I know some people hate all the cutesy things they do like the songs and the cheering, but I (and I'm sure people that are like me) really like that stuff. The game would be sooooooo looooooong otherwise. My son had a great time and that's what we were there for. It was his first time watching a major league game and the excitement showed on his face. I have to say that at one time a vendor passed by and someone in the row in front of us bought a cotton candy. They passed down the money and the vendor threw it at her. My son's eyes lit up and he told me to try to catch the next cotton candy the guy tossed out. Um, maybe we should take him more often.
4	Chase Field may be the most technologically-advanced stadium in the major leagues.  A a 136-feet-by-46-feet high definition LED board wraps around the stands, offering dynamic video visuals when players come up to bat and fascinating computer graphics between innings or when trying to get fans to clap or get into the game.  And the park has a sound system to match.Maybe the most impressive aspect of Chase Field is the architecture and engineering.  The main problem faced by the stadium's designers is that Phoenix is hot.  Hotter than hot.  So how do you make a stadium comfortable and cool when its 120 degrees F outside?  You could just design an indoor park like the Metrodome in Minnesota, but baseball indoors is awful.  Instead, the stadium uses a massive retractable roof.  The roof remains closed during sweltering days until the sun goes down.  Then in just 5 minutes, the roof retracts and billboards along the stadium wall open allowing the evening part of the game to be played in the open air.  It's an impressive thing to watch and fascinating to consider what engineers and architects can do now.There's plenty of other charming touches, including a swimming pool just above center field.  All in all, it's a solid place to catch a game.
4	Ok, I have to be honest. I wanted to give this place 3 stars. It's a nice enough stadium to see a ballgame- but it's pretty cavernous. The stairs are really steep in the upper deck- and for a relatively new ballpark, it has a lot of nosebleeds. The inside is clean enough, but I got the distinct feeling I was in a mall. There isn't a lot of signage to direct you to your seat if you go inside in the wrong area. Permanent-looking beer stands that don't take credit cards, and don't have a sign saying so until you try and pay. Also, the surrounding neighborhood is surprisingly bland and boring, with little post game imbibing possible. Whatever. I went August 7th- driving from San Diego to Phoenix on a whim. Got to the box office just as the game was starting, only to find out that the game was sold out, and the only tickets left were $130 seats. EEK! So as my boyfriend and I were standing there trying to figure out what to do, and all seemed lost, the ticket takers called us over and gave us tickets that some dude had dropped off. That's what earns this place a 4th star. My Padres lost, but I had a blast!
4	This stadium will always remain affectionately know as the "BOB" in my mind.  It is a nice new stadium, conveniently located in downtown Phoenix..... easy for out of town guests to walk to/from downtown hotels or cheap cab ride away.Stadium has that cool feel inside, retractable roof is a nice touch so you can keep cool during the summer but still have real grass on the field.  The dirt path from home plate to the pitcher's mound is a cool old school touch, and everyone loves to dream about watching the game from the famous hot tub in center field (maybe some day).Enjoy the shaved ice and strawberries in cream (served in a nachos type tray - instead of nacho cheese, they have the whipped cream).Nice misters around the stadium... and cool bars just outside.Decor is cool inside.... be sure to walk around the stadium to see all vantage points.
5	I love Chase Field! The retractable roof is amazing, just wished they had Coke products.
4	I've been to about half a dozen Major League stadiums in my life and Chase Field is far and away my favorite. Naturally I'm biased since I'm a true Arizonan and have been a fan of the Diamondbacks ever since the announcement that we were getting a team in the state. I've been to Chase Field for numerous baseball games, political rallies, religious events and concerts and I've sat everywhere from the very top row to right behind the dugout and I must say there is not a bad seat in the house. I've been to the playgrounds behind center field and on the upper level and I've been cut off at the bar under the seats behind home plate (not my proudest moment) so overall I have a pretty good feel for this park.Sure concessions can be pricey and the face value on really good tickets can be expensive but if you know what you are doing, the whole trip can be a good value. Buy your water and peanuts from the vendors on the street and take them inside with you , but remember not to open them before you enter.For tickets, scalping is legal if they are across the street from the plaza, so check the scalpers and feel free to shop around. When the D-Backs aren't playing well (like this year) you should be able to get a pair of tickets for less than the face value of one. Heck, even in 2001 when they won the World Series you could almost always get tickets at face value or even a slight discount.The ballpark has a wide variety of concessions and even offers a value menu of food items for just $1.50.When its 110-degrees outside and you want a few hours out of the heat there's no better alternative than visiting Chase Field and remember to root root root for the D-Backs, because if they don't win it's a shame.
4	Chase Field has that uber potential for good times that I find completely dazzling.  I love the way the it stands out downtown a great big building of  sportastic fun waiting to be partaken of.   The building itself is quite smart looking. Big and bold but not flash or obnoxious.  I was really please with set up and ease of getting to seats and concessions with very little difficulty. I even like the big bathroom signs nothing like a giant beacon of here -I -am -ness to show off the lady's room.  They have the word WOMAN  in about 6 feet size on the wall. Neat. Snacks are traditional and yummy, hot dogs, popcorn , kettle corn , ice cream and beer...but here is where they lose a star....I am deeply saddened to say ..they serve Diet Pepsi ...nasty stuff . If only they had decided to be winners with Diet Coke.  Enuf said.
4	I have been to many ballparks in my day, and I really like this one. Granted its not my favorite by any means (Fenway and AT&T are) but it does the job. Here's what I like about it:Transportation/Parking- It is right off of the lightrail. If you live any where near a lightrail station this is definitely the easiest way to get there. It gets a little cramped on the ride back but it beats game day traffic getting away from the stadium.Food- Like the park in Oakland, this park has some sweet deals on food. Oakland does $1 hot dog days on Wednesday. Chase Field on the other hand has deals on food EVERY day. $1.50 hot dogs, corn dogs, small popcorns, milk, and small sodas. They also have $4 beers. I can handle that.Heat- Arizona heat can be really uncomfortable. Chase Field has a retractable roof that goes over the stadium. Problem solved. This does take a little bit away from the ballpark feel, but I'd rather be comfortable, especially when its 110 degrees outside like today.Tickets- There are always tickets available and from what I have seen they are pretty affordable. I didn't purchase tickets for today's game so I don't know this for a fact but I assume its the case.Crowds- Like I mentioned previously not many people come to the games here. This means short lines for food and beers and being able to walk around the stadium without being trampled.All in all it is a nice, clean place to watch a ball game without spending a whole lot of money.
4	I totally enjoyed my visit to this ball park. Parking was easy ~ have you been to a Chicago baseball game? The park was clean, the people were friendly, and there were no lines for the ladies room. With the roof closed, a necessity on this particular evening, it did feel dark. However, that did not have a negative impact on my review. It appears that there is not a bad seat to be had. Have you thought about having known people lead the 7th inning stretch singing?Ironically, the very first beer vendor that came our way happened to have grown up in the same small suburb of Chicago that I did.  What a riot.
4	Where else can you swim in the pool, eat at Friday's, eat all you can eat hotdogs AND watch a baseball game?  This place is a riot. I thought people were kidding when they said there was an all you can eat section, nope there is..totally hilarious.  Tons of actual food choices, lots of vendors running around - many very flirtatious, plenty of clean bathrooms, parking is easy and cheap and finding it is easy - you totally can't miss this one.Being from Chicago, I grew up knowing going to a game of any kind meant braving the weather- heat, sun, snow, rain, sleet, wind, etc. NOT here...just close the roof and turn on the a/c and you are just as comfy as at home. Seems a bit odd to me, but hey I can adapt!The only bad thing I can say about the place, like any other stadium..seats smaller than an airplane...Come on now, I don't want to know the people next to me THAT well!!
4	Picture Arizona on a warm summer evening. Over at Chase Field, the roof keeps the heat out and the AC in, a batter hits the ball out of the park, the smell of burgers, dogs and fries lingers in the stands and fans cheer on their favorite players while they enjoy a nice cold beer. When I look at Chase Field -- a beautiful state of the art ballpark -- I expect to see the stands completely full. At times they are, but the majority of the time they could use many more warm bodies to keep the seats company.  What better way to spend a day or evening than by visiting a baseball stadium equipped with a roof to keep the heat out, nonstop discounts and deals for baseball fans, a restaurant overlooking the field, family-fun activities, solid baseball "dining" and a professional baseball team playing right in front of your eyes. So why at the seats empty? Who knows. I know it's not the stadium itself, so maybe a World Series would help. :) I like Chase Field because it's spacious, clean and filled with amenities for whatever type of experience you're looking for. Whether it be rowdy times at a private pool, a family fun activity center in left field, TGI Friday's front row where you can watch the game while you dine, dugout seats with all the food and drink you can imagine or club level seats with your own server,  Chase Field appeals to all audiences and I always have a different positive experience every time I visit. Chase Field is a gorgeous stadium and one that deserves much more love then they get. Parking is seamless, entry is fast and efficient, the staff is friendly and the amenities are nice. The fro yo addict in me loves the TCBY stations. The fat kid in me loves everything else they serve from chicken tenders to the burgers. So if I'm ever looking for something fun to do during the baseball season, I also think about Chase Field because it's a great way to escape from the heat and enjoy some entertainment in a state of the art park.
3	It's a baseball stadium with a pool and TGI Fridays ... other than that ... it's a baseball stadium.
4	i don't watch much baseball but found chase field a.great place to do it.  i flew into phoenix from the san francisco bay area for a business trip, and my coworker arranged for us to watch our san francisco giants bash the diamondbacks.  i don't hate the d.backs.  i think i heard that i look like some player of theirs but don't know who.  the stadium is very clean with spacious seats and friendly concession workers.  i guess some arizonians are friendlier than some san franciscans, eh?  this stadiums has plenty of amenities and parking, and i had a great time watching our tim lincecum.  it's very easy to order food and bier from your seats.
4	Chase field would be my 5th baseball stadium that I've been too. My boyfriend and I are big baseball fans and we try to visit the local team when we go travel. I wouldn't normally visit Phoenix, AZ but it was my BF's point of destination from his military duties. The stadium is located right in downtown and walking distance from our hotel (Hyatt). Right when I stepped outside from our hotel, the heat hit me like a ton of bricks! There was no point of taking a shower because I was already drenched in sweat! ick! As I opened the doors to the stadium, a cool breeze wrapped around me, like a hug from my mom when I'm sick. OMG THEY HAVE AC and a retractable roof! What a freaken relief! Now I think ALL stadiums should have one! LoLSo besides the awesome AC, It seemed like Chase field has an awesome section of your typical stadium food. Hot dogs, Pizza and of course, my favorite the garlic fries. The garlic fries I got that day was delicious! I don't know if it's normally that good here, but wow. My fries were crunchy on the outside and soft inside with a right amount of garlic and Parmesan cheese. I highly recommend getting some.(I'm a garlic fries freak)
3	At last count, I've been to 26 major league ballparks.  I put Chase Field squarely in the middle.  Decent amenities but not much on personality.Check out Fenway and Wrigley for that old-time feel.  Best of the new ballparks are PNC and ATT.
5	This was my first visit to Chase Field.  Unfortunately, we were in the Press Suite over home plate, which has ruined my desire to ever go again as a commoner.Now I like baseball to an extent.  At one time, I was a die-hard Dodgers fanatic.  In fact, I can still almost name every player circa 1982.  But now, I get a little bored after the first few innings.  That's where the Press Suite comes in.  I can get up, walk around, sit on a couch, mosey up to the buffet, order a drink, choose something from the dessert cart, or watch the game.  My only little complaint is there was a "glass" partition along one side of the viewing area, and it would be nice if they washed it once in a while.But other than that, 5-star experience!
4	So I didn't discover baseball until the Diamondbacks.  Growing up I had the Santa Barbara Dodgers and their dilapidated stands and watching the MLB on TV was like watching grass grow.  Over the last several years I have attended several games and have enjoyed every one.  Well maybe not so much the ones we have lost :-)  I have taken several people new to the park and/or baseball and made the walk around the concourse.  It is always a fun upbeat place to go.  I bring my own water but most often buy a beer and a Diamondbacks dog to get me through the first innings.  A couple of times I have gotten to enjoy the fireworks launched from the parking garage across the street which are very intense for their duration.I have never been to another MLB park and I am sure some others have more history but to me this is a first class venue to watch Major League Baseball and I look forward to many more visits.  Every interaction I have had with the staff has been first rate.
4	This past summer i attended the stadium and have to say it is really nice, the roof retracts and that was pretty cool to see and experience, the staff is really nice and the facility is very clean. A/C was freaking awesome since PHX heat is a bit too much to handle on some days, at least my time while in Phx.Seating in my section was a bit weird, seats were in a angle and sorta tight, i am sure there may be other areas much more comfortable, but time will only tell since i am sure this will not be my last time i attend this ballpark... Go Dodgers!
3	"If you build it, they will come" - but maybe not to Chase Field, well... unless the team is winning of course. But even then, they will only come depending on the food options and free promotions available to them on that particular day.  Alright Diamondbacks Nation... well maybe not nation, maybe Diamondbacks fans? Nope, there aren't enough of you for that title either. What about supporters? Maybe groupies? Well whatever you're called, where are you? You've got one gorgeous baseball field and a World Series title, yet this stadium sits lifelessly in the Arizona desert. It's sad actually. Chase Field is gorgeous, and dare I say... breathtaking. Stretching far and wide across the Phoenix skyline, Chase Field stands tall among the buildings that call downtown Phoenix home. This technological work of art brought baseball to the desert, and that's quite a feat. Even some of baseballs greatest players, like The Big Unit for example, have called it home. Sparkling clean and strategically situated for easy access and parking, Chase Field calls out to "D-Backs fans" - begging them to venture though its towering gated entrance to seek sanctuary within its cool climate controlled atmosphere. All of the vendors, ushers and ballpark staff at this stadium are also welcoming, helpful and friendly. There isn't a bad seat at Chase Field. The view is virtually perfect from every angle. Yet the seats remain fan-less.  I do understand part of the reason why fans don't flock to Chase Field. An empty stadium is a common transplant state/expansion team symptom, like the desolate Tropicana Field for example. Most people in Arizona probably aren't even "D-Backs fans". I get that. I'm not one. But even I pay more attention to the action at Chase Field and have more admiration of its beauty than a majority of those "D-Backs fans." It is as if "D-Backs fans" are confused, and they think Chase Field is an indoor shopping mall - because in between the shopping, the food, the activities, the awful emcee that talks in between innings, the dancing and the trivia games, none of the "D-Backs fans" seem to have time to watch baseball.  So "D-Backs fans" - you need to up your appreciation level for the game. It's the roar of the crowd that brings a stadium to life. Team pride is what makes or breaks a ballpark's atmosphere. And when you are talking on your phone through an entire at bat, standing up right in the middle of a crucial pitch to get more ballpark chow or allowing your children to turn empty seats into their own personal jungle gym or hide and go seek game, why even come to the stadium? Go to the mall or visit a park for that matter. Regardless of whether you're in first place or last place, this is your team in your city. It's not enjoyable to see such beauty go to waste. So stop swimming in your indoor ballpark pool (I still can't believe how tacky that pool looks in the outfield), worry about what ice cream extravaganza you are going to stuff your face with later, and let's watch some baseball!  It's called game time "D-Backs fans", not play time.
4	Chase Field (Bank One Ballpark) is a nice place. I don't go to a lot of games, I do when I get free tickets or the Dodgers are in town...Go Blue! It has everyting that one needs in a ballpark. I like the fact that the roof can open and close. Stop and get the Peanut/Water Special outside the park...it is a good deal. All the seats seem to be good seats, and getting in and out of downtown is not a problem. Enjoy!
3	08/17/10I've been here twice already- both times were "Employee Appreciation" events.  I like to watch a handful of sports, but baseball, and I know I risk alienating some of you by saying this, is one of those games which catching the highlights is enough for me.  So, suffice it to say, my coming back here for the second time was definitely all about checking out what great eats there are to be found at Chase Field.After walking completely around the stadium, I decided I'd stop at Fatburger.  [Last year, we were given a voucher for a free hotdog (up to $5) and a drink.  We weren't allowed to substitute for another item.  This year, we were given a $10 coupon good to use at most stands, AND we could add our own cash to supplement the coupon for more-expensive items.  Woohoo!)  Fatburger patties, if I recall correctly, are never frozen.  The burger looked great when I finally received my order 10 minutes or so later.  The thick-cut fries were very, very good!  These were served w/out any salt, so make sure to pick up a few packets.  (Now, I believe using less salt is better than adding too much, bec. I can always add more salt to something, but I can't correct over-seasoned food, but these needed a little sprinkling after coming out of the fryer...  I mean, thanks to the Food Network, we all know that's when salt sticks best!)  Other than that, loved the perfect crispiness on the outside and the fluffiness on the inside.  Fatburger even included a coupon for a BOGO deal (buy one get one), but mine expired before I had a chance to return.  I wouldn't hesitate to choose Fatburger again at next year's "Employee Appreciation" event!
3	I totally understand why you need a domed stadium, especially as I walked the 2 blocks from my hotel to the ballpark in what seemed like heat from the end of days, but couldn't you pick out a better design than airplane hanger.I visited Chase Field, back in 06 when the Padres clinched the division on the last weekend of the season in PHX. Now I understand that when a fan comes from an opposing city you give him a hard time, but you dont have to be total assholes about it. People were literally looking at me in disgust for wearing my jersey (I've done this in LA with no problems) . I figured people must really take their baseball seriously here, no they don't, I think they were jealous that when I went home the next day I could actually go outside and enjoy the weather, not stay inside and be miserable.The ballpark its self inside lacks the feel of a ballpark. Obviously the roof is totally strange to me but I was thankful for it. It felt like I was in an office building when I was in the corridors.The food here is amazing, they have basically whatever you want. Its actually decently priced for ballpark food and its pretty good. Thumbs up on that.The seats are really nice and comfortable, just don't sit in the upper deck if you have a fear of heights (even if you dont vertigo will set in as the incline is STEEP).Its a fun place to go and watch a game, hopefully I can go back and watch in without the roof on.
4	I was here off business hours a couple of weeks ago while they were preparing the field for dirt bike racing. I was installing seats.Every so often the racers would come out to test the track as the busy bulldozers completed another section of the track. All of the guys working with me would stop what we were doing when we heard their engines hummingand buzzing for a moment or ten, to feel the tingling torrents of testosterone as the cycles flew through the air. This stadium is impressive in stature and heralds an easy 4 stars, even from me a non sports fan!
5	I've been to this ball park several times over the years and I'm impressed at how well it's keeping up.  I'm always impressed how clean it is, we were most recently out for Fan Fest '11 and again everyone was friendly and the place was spotless.  The only annoyance this time, and I know this is temporary was some construction, they are gearing up for the All Star Game. I just hope it's done by opening day.I'd also love to mention for people looking to head out to a game, the price point for food is very reasonable.  Also there is something for everyone, I was really worried about vegetarian options when out last summer and had a FANTASTIC veggie burro from Macayo's.  And I know that several other vendors also offer vegetarian options.
3	Been to this place twice now, just getting around to reviewing it now.Not a bad park, although given how summer weather is in Arizona, I seriously can't imagine when the retractable roof comes into play (it was 110 on both days that we were here).  The design is unremarkable, although obviously, the pool was a nice touch (though I'm pretty sure that no normal person is ever going to be able to take a dip).
4	This a great stadium to take the kids. The team sucks, but at least you have a comfy place to watch a crappy team. Just like every stadium, the food, drinks, beer, souvenirs, etc... i overpriced. However, ticket prices are usually reasonable. I normally sit in the bleachers (where the all fun is) and it cost's me $10. I buy a big bottle of water and I'm set for the day.The kids area in the upperdeck is legit. My 6 year old tends to get bored half way through the game (I don't blame him - refer to my earlier comment about the team), so I'll take him upstairs and let him go at it. Sometimes the team mascot, Dexter, is up there playing with the kids, which is a cool experience, too. Fun fact: To cool Chase Field, they spend $2,000,000 on air conditioning. That's right $2 million!
5	Maybe I'm biased because I love baseball, but I think Chase Field is pretty great.  If you're not buying the high dollar tickets behind the Diamondbacks' dugout, I recommend the front row (I believe it's actually Row 12) of the left field bleachers.  There's a good comradery among the fans, the wave usually gets started from here, and I like the view of home plate.Unlike around a lot of other major stadiums, there's plenty of parking to choose from around Chase Field, and it usually costs between $12 and $15.  NOTE: If you go to a game with fireworks afterward, they shoot the fireworks off the top floor of the garage to the immediate north of the stadium.  So, if you park in that garage, sit and enjoy the fireworks, because they shut down the entire block around the parking garage out of precaution and won't let anyone into the garage until 5 - 10 minutes after the fireworks have ended.
4	Went there for two games back to back days. The first was a night game and they had the roof open. The temp. inside was great and made for a real enjoyable evening. During the game was able to watch a 747 fly overhead, very surreal. During the day game they had the roof closed to keep the AZ sun and heat out. I personally thought it was a little warm inside even though they announced it was about 74 degrees, not sure if that was accurate or not. I know AZ spend loads of money on the AC, but I wasn't impressed.Overall the place is nice and all the amenities are very close by. I had sections 112 and 109 and both offered great views of the field and visitors bullpen. The service at the concession stands is great and the lines move by pretty quickly. Still not the #1 stadium in the MLB.
5	Chase field is an amazing place to catch a baseball game or other event. It's climate controlled so it's always comfortable, the seats are nice, and the grounds crew keeps it clean. Of course when you get 50,000+ people into a building it will get a little messy as the event goes on, but they are constantly cleaning it up. The vendors are all pleasant, speak English, and offer assistance when ever needed. In light of recent events in L.A. I can say without a doubt that I have never felt unsafe at Chase Field either, regardless of what teams are playing or who I'm rooting for. While Downtown you'll see many police officers making sure everyone behaves themselves as well as security inside the stadium. If you have the ability to watch your event in one of the many suites I highly recommend it as they come fully stocked with beer, wine, really delicious food, and a flat screen TV. If not I always enjoy the Front Row at TGIFridays. They also have plenty of cheap seats that still give a great view of the field. Now that the light rail has a stop just a block away from the field, 3rd St. & Washington I think, I can't recall the last time I drove to Downtown Phoenix. I recommend parking at one of the many light rail park and ride locations and purchasing a $3.50 pass. This pass will last you all day, and you can ride as often as you'd like. If you do drive parking is easy as there are tons of parking garages located around the field and in Downtown Phoenix. You'll be looking at a price of $10-$20, and of course, the closer you are the more expensive the parking.
2	I cannot state how much I hate Chase Field.  I grew up in Boston, and I went to a real stadium, Fenway Park.  That place will knock your socks off.  When I describe Chase Field to people, I say it's a mall with a baseball field in the middle of it.  There's no aura there, it has no personality, and it's usually empty, unless a popular team like Boston, or New York is in town.  For the life of me I do not understand why they have a damn pool there.  That has nothing to do with baseball.  It gets two stars simply since when I need my baseball fix, Chase is available.  Do yourselves a favor and just go to spring training games.  They're more fun, and cheaper.
4	I love this ballpark.  Definitely one of my favorites....here's why:+ Parking is easy.  We usually park in the parking garage in the back of the stadium and walk across the bridge directly into the ballpark.  It's an easy in/out.+ Dynamic roof.  The roof opens/closes depending on the weather.  When it gets too hot or when the weather is bad, the roof closes.  When the weather is awesome, like my last visit the other day, it remains open so you can enjoy it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YgVC9NdMji-VV05w7-E1DQ?select=HpwJuEW2hcJjpCERi4db6g+ The Food is pretty good.  Footlong Bratwurst, Popcorn, Chicken Fingers & Fries are some of my favs.  Even though I'm overpaying for it, the quality of the food is very good....better than most I've had.+ Seats are comfortable and have a great view of the field.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YgVC9NdMji-VV05w7-E1DQ?select=qRWimTF4uTaiWYUuP_RepQ+ Food servers take your order @ your seats and deliver food & drink to you.  I love this service!Overall, it's a great baseball experience.  I can't wait to go to the next game.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YgVC9NdMji-VV05w7-E1DQ?select=6aoR5VG-gg4R_UdqHJUrfgReturn Factor - 100%
4	***Chase Field feels quite intimate because the stadium is not that big and it is enclosed with a retractable roof to provide a comfortable temperature; the stadium has a nice design and there is a value menu at the concession stands to make it an easier and more reasonably priced entertainment option for families***Chase Field is the first enclosed baseball stadium I've ever visited.  Chase Field actually has a retractable roof (they only close it for rainy days or when it gets really hot).  I was expecting it to be quite dark, but there was a surprising amount of light in the stadium.  There are a lot of large open windows that really make it feel like you are not watching a game indoors.  That's a big plus here, but there are definitely others.The inside of the stadium has a really good design.  Good use of color and decoration (especially a large jumbo screen in center field that is quite imposing).  The stadium (even though it is seemingly big) feels quite intimate.  The design is not as good as AT&T Park in San Francisco, but it is still strong.The stadium has a few unique elements.  There is a Friday's bar that allows you to eat and watch the game (kind of reminds me of the Staples Center's restaurant).  There is also a pool and hot tub that you can rent out that sits in right field (with a good view of the game).The stadium is quite comfortable.  Seating is comfortable and they give you enough legroom.  The aisles to the seats are wide enough as well.  Plus, they provide a lot of space around the concessions so that it does not feel jam packed or claustrophobic when getting food or going to the restroom.Concessions are decent.  They have chains you can find in California like Mrs. Field's Cookies, Fatburger, Panda Express, and Cold Stone Creamery.  They also have more regionalized Arizona chains like Macayo's for reasonably priced Mexican food and NY Streets for pizza. We tried several stands and the food was serviceable at all of them.  With stadium food, I think you are just looking to have food that isn't cold, been sitting around or nasty.  All the food we had here was served at the appropriate temperature, tasted okay and didn't make me sick (or feel gross).The concessions are also reasonably priced.  There are definitely a few overpriced items, but there are a lot of options here that are less than what you would pay at most stadiums.  They even have a value menu that allows you get hot dogs, corn dogs or popcorn for $1.50 each.We were staying at a hotel in Downtown Phoenix so getting in and out of the park was easy, but it seemed to me that Downtown Phoenix was not that busy of a place.  So while some ballparks can be a pain getting out of, I don't think Chase Field would be one of them.The stadium does not really have any negatives.  The crowd was pretty quiet (definitely not as loud as the crowds in Los Angeles and San Francisco or even San Diego).  I would imagine though if the stadium was packed (and it was a playoff game or something), the atmosphere (with the enclosed stadium) would be lively and loud.Chase Field is a good stadium and definitely one to visit if you are in the area.  I liked it more than Cincinnati's new stadium and it is pretty comparable to Petco Park in San Diego and AT&T Park in San Francisco.In terms of parking, I am not sure how much the nearby structures and lots cost (since we walked to the game).
5	What a great ball park!!!!Watching a baseball game under the lights with the roof open in early / mid spring in Arizona, doesn't get much better than this.My party was spoiled as we were given a suite over looking left field (??)so we had really good seats, and clean toilets!There are a ton of typical ball sports eateries at chase field, hot dog vendors, pretzel and beer vendors, pizza, etc...If you're in the PHX area and are looking for something to do definitely check out Chase Field.
4	Overall a pretty nice stadium. The TGIF overlooking the field is a pretty cool concept and of course the pool. Got to love as well that they can close/open the roof. So even if it is torturing hot outside, you can still be cool and watch the game.Other than that, all your ordinary ballpark favorites can be found of course.These days for two beers and a snack its more expensive to go to a game then to the strip club...so consider maybe tossing a few beers back at one of the spots close to the stadium before the game..
5	Baseball is a summer sport. It shouldn't be played in weather that is Africa hot. Ladies and Gentlemen, it was nearly Africa hot the other night on my first visit to Chase Field. Ok, I might be exaggerating. It was close to 95 degrees outside. As we walked up to the park, I was a little worried about spending the next few hours in the evening heat. I was told this park had a roof and air conditioning system, but this was an open roof game, so I thought I would have to suffer in the heat.As soon as we walked into the park, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the air conditioning was blasting, and it was a balmy 75ish degrees. THANK YOU CHASE FIELD.We had a chance to walk around the park a little bit. The food options seemed interesting. A gluten-free stand. Panda Express (eww), a sushi stand BY Panda Express (double eww). CrackerJacks and a liter of water cost us nearly $10. Such is life at the ballpark I suppose.I've been to many ballparks: Fenway, Safeco, Jacobs, Angel Stadium, Dodger Stadium, Petco. Some of these parks are old, some are new. This one has it's own unique charm. Yes, it's newer, but it's nice.
3	Beautiful stadium, especially at night. Try the Arizona Club in the second deck, right field...your game ticket gets you a seat over looking the field. $34.95/ gets you a terrific buffet, served on white linen tablecloth with all the trimmings.
5	Definitely one of the best parks in the league. Every time I walk into the park I'm overwhelmed with happiness. I reccomend going to a game on a Friday, there are fireworks after those games. Definitely go with friends for a better experience. For food, I recommend streets of new York individual pizzas. $7 for pep or cheese, $8 for supreme. Awesome pizza for a ballpark. Can't wait to go back.
4	Chase Field recently announced that they have a new menu of food and during a recent trip to a Dbacks game, I was able to try it out and definitely give my stamp of approval! They still have the typical ballpark dogs and ballpark food but they have "gourmet" twists to the options. I went with one of the gourmet dogs and enjoyed every bite. I also had a frozen yogurt and the fro yo fanatic in me was very happy! Chase Field is such a great summertime option and one with AC. I will be taking advantage of this many times this summer and especially for the All Star game in July!
4	Very impressive venue.  Note that this review comes from a casual admirer of baseball:  Chase Field is cool!  the stadium is located right in downtown Phoenix with great public transit service.  Once you are inside you have great access to everywhere it seems.  I am accustomed to LA where you are restricted to your level and can't move around much.  Chase allows you to walk completely around the base level which gets you great views of all of the action.  The lower level is also where most of the food selections reside, take your time scoping out your favorite ballpark dog and beer while taking in the game.Another great feature of Chase Field with its proximity to downtown is the choices surrounding the stadium before and after the game, you defiantly can make a great trip out of a game here.
4	I've been to a few sporting venues during my time, including baseball parks, and Chase Field is pretty cool!  The ballpark is located in downtown PHX with a few bars directly outside the park.  In case you didn't know, Chase has a retractable roof and it opens when it's not too hot and when its closed, the temperature inside is perfect even as it hits 100 degrees outside.  I came here on two occasions, in the evening and afternoon, and the stadium is well kept, the food is decent and as you would expect at any other sporting venue, but the Coolest thing that got me were the seats.  where all seats are pointed at home plate and you don't have to keep turning your head to watch the action.  There's also a Fridays section where you can order food and watch the action from above. You can rent a booth, bleacher seats, or even sit inside the bar and watch the game and they also give you a a 50% food credit as well if you sit in particular areas.  I walked inside the stadium a bit and all the views, giant HD scoreboard, and architecture were great.  I sat behind the bullpen in the 100's and it was perfect.  It's a beautiful stadium and as a baseball fan, Chase Field is a definite must-see and I wouldn't hesitate to go back again... preferably if the Angels go to play the D'backs!
5	Great place to see agame and easy to get using the light rail
5	Chase Field really is my favorite stadium in AZ. I shall always refer to it as "The Bob", though this shows my age quite a bit. The stadium is clean, modern, has a diverse selection of food/drinks, and (yep) air conditioned at times. I feel this is one of the few things Arizona has really done well in terms of sports. They updated the team uniforms, entire stadium, logo, etc a while back and then updated the stadium to match. The bricks, flawless lawn, retractable roof, large size and friendly staff make it tough to say anything bad about it. Now....WHERE ARE THE PATRONS/FANS? There were about 18,000 on a Friday night, which a staff member told me was "a great turnout". Wow, because the place felt a bit like a ghost town. There were so many empty seats that I felt as if we were 6 hours early for the game or something. I understand a huge percentage of people that live in AZ have come from other states and tend to follow those particular teams. However, this was just sad. Perhaps management/owners ought to consider some more family specials, charity tickets, or groupons to fill this great stadium up and build a stronger fan base... after all, the Diamondbacks are fighting for 1st place in the division at this time!
5	air conditioned stadium!!!!!enough said
4	We went last night to see the D-backs and the White Sox play. We were on the first baseline. We had a variety of snacks and had a great time watching the game! This was the first time I have ever been here. Positive: they had TONS of food choices, the beer was not too expensive for a ballpark ($4), there are so many seats that when you get your tickets you are bound to get a great location to see the games, all the people were super nice that worked there, there is AIR CONDITIONING!!! (that was so exciting for me because I didnt really want to sit in 110 weather!)Negative: wish the seating had more leg room, but they cant really change that now can they :) Things to know: Dont get your food items from the people walking the stands, you more than likely can get a cheaper item from a food vendor up on the concourse.
5	Awh the home of my Beloved Dbacks! I am a huge fan of this baseball club and have been since day 1! There has never been a time where I have gone to a baseball game and had a bad time or a bad experience!Chase Field has so many options for food, beverages and merchandise! It is a very clean facility and all the staff are very friendly. They have many areas as well that are kid friendly and are very involved with making sure your kids are safe and have a blast. Also there is not a bad seat in the house, I have sat pretty much in all areas of the field but I must say my favorite places to sit have to be by the bullpens and the 3rd baseline.Just a little secret too... sometimes it may be worth your while to not buy tickets online, rather go to the box office right before the game starts or after the first inning because sometimes they have very generous discount ticket offers you cannot refuse. (ex. my friend and I went to the opening game and got $150 tickets 4 rows up from the field by the dbacks dugout for $25... not to mention we also had our own server and access to the private secluded bar underneath the stadium that only people in our section had access too)GO DBACKS!!!
5	Bank One Ballpark, as I have known it, was quite simply the best Major League baseball stadium I had been to when I saw good old Randy Johnson pitch a complete game shutout back during he D'backs' Championship year of 2001.It was just perfect timing how the Arizona Diamondbacks had a homestand while I was in town, and that the best of all pitchers was on the mound in the game my ex and I were able to make it out to.From beginning to end, I was simply amazed at the facility.  From the retractable roof, to the air conditioning, to the strawberries and cream that we had, I could not stop raving at how state of the art this field was.The scoreboard was immense and was then the largest LCD screen in the world.  The pool in the outfield was neat too.When in PHX in the hot summer, definitely try to catch a game here at the BoB, now known as Chase Field.
4	love the atmosphere of dbacks games, the many food choices, and friday fireworks. glad they made a macayos upstairs on the 3rd level. the music and announcer has been overly loud this season. we can hear you. geez. you lose a star for lack of awareness of how loud it is in there. adopt a pet.
4	I like Chase, though with the roof closed, it has a bit of a warehouse feel to me.  But with the roof open, and the clever way the outfield walls swing open, it really feels close to a conventional outdoor stadium, and that's a good thing.  Free wireless now, which I think is a recent thing, and it actually seems to work (unlike Jiffy Pop stadium in Glendale, where you're lucky to lock onto a signal for more than 30 seconds).  Decent grub selection (far better than Jiffy Pop, which is horrendous IMHO).  Take the train and avoid the parking cost and hassles.  Go DBacks!  (unless the Giants are in town!).
5	Love this stadium! I've only been to stadiums along the west coast but out of all them, Chase Field is my favorite. The temperature is perfect, the seats are comfortable, parking is easy & inexpensive, and most importantly, the food options are way more varied than most stadiums. There's chinese, mexican, pizza, gluten free options, salad (whoa not normal stadium food), ice cream, dessert treats, and all the regular stadium food. Prices are pretty comparable to other stadiums, however there is a value menu that has $1.50 food options & $4 beers. The $4  beers are a ripoff though cause it's only 8 oz and a normal $9 draft beer is 24 oz...do the math. There are a good number of sports bars that are walking distance from the stadium, and Sliders is right next to the stadium with a big outdoor beer garden.
5	This review is for 07/16/2011. It looks like I have entered enemy territory once again. Last time it was at Angel Stadium, now I have entered the home of the Arizona Diamondbacks, but the one thing I love about the enemy is their home base called, Chase Field. I arrived to area around 4:15pm. It is the most majestic way of having multiple arenas in one spot. This should be a lesson for the next Los Angeles type city. I am not sure if Chase Field has their own parking, but there are plenty of parking spots in all directions. You can pay from $5 to $15 for parking spots. I found one just across the street for $9. There were a lot of Dodger Fans and glad I didn't feel like I was alone. Chase Field is AMAZING!! The exterior felt like it was some haven from sort of nuclear holocaust. The entrance was fast and easy. If you don't have a bag, you can enter through a faster line and get your ticket scanned fast. Once you walk in, you can see the beautiful field. This was a perfect spot to hold the All-Star 2011 Game. Seats in the 100 Sections were quite long. I was seat at Section 134 Row 29 Seat 1. It was one long section and there was a lot of foot traffic. That somewhat ruined the experience. It was like the 405 Carmageddon followed me. As for food/drinks, unlike Angels and Dodgers, there were a lot of staff selling food from rice krispies to beer in a bottle. I went to one of the food stands and just got myself a large bottle of water ($6) and Craker Jacks ($2.75). I would have gotten beer, but I have been drinking most of the day. :) One thing I did notice Chase Field did somewhat lack was the sound. The sound was mainly at the Chase Field screen. I would like to know what it would sound like if the sound exploded through the stadium. With the roof closed, it was 78 degrees with outside being 108. I work in the construction industry and kudos to the air conditioning company who was able to get the air circulated for this big space. I would like to have seen the roof open, but the air would take awhile to cool.Chase Field was amazing!! I know Seattle Mariners' Safeco Field is the next quest for my baseball visit. I still got SF Giants' AT&T Park, San Diego's PetCo Park, and Oakland A's O.co Coliseum. I am having fun despite Dodgers losing every time I go to a game. Oh well, its America's National Past-Time. Glad to be making my journey of visiting MLB Teams' stadiums.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
5	Went to 2 games in the last two days, sat in two different spots, both lower level, both wins and both excellent!  Having been to quite a few games in past seasons I knew what to expect, but it seems that every year they improve upon the experience. This season, for the All-Star game, they added a canopy on the west side of the stadium for those either hanging out at Sliders or just waiting to get into the ballpark early to take in some BP.  It's a subtle feature, and yes, it was necessitated for those out-of-towners waiting for god knows how long to get into the mid-summer classic, but a great addition nonetheless (Haven't seen the north gate area, so if they added one there as well, kudos!).They've also added a new craft beer to the standalone beer carts, an unfiltered Arizona brewed ale called "Fretzy's."  At $10.50 a pop for 24oz. it ain't cheap, but it's fairly tasty.  Other than that the food seems pretty similar to what it had been in previous seasons.  I may have seen a new yogurt place in there but I'm usually not about the food... Good team, a new decent beer and a place to hide yourself from the unrelenting AZ sun, talk about a hole in one (Golf reference!)!
5	$1.50 value menu is unheard of in pro sports. The $4 beer was fantastic. The video board is large, the ac is cold, the staff is friendly, and the in game entertainment is great. One of the better ballparks in MLB.
4	This is a great ballpark, if you live in Phoenix you really need to go to a game here, it's great family fun.  The whole promotion team does a great job at keeping people engaged, from the ketchup, relish, mustard race to the stretches!  I love it --- take me out to the ball game!
4	Hard to blame the stadium for all of the sucky games I have seen here (excepting when the Mets are in town).This really is a nice ball park. Its also great that there are almost always cheap seats, and they have a damn good view. I have sat in the lower level and the upper level, never the 200s. I like the local businesses that have popped up in here. They are the worst of the local chains and corporate places but...whatever.Craft beer bombers (22oz) are only a dollar more than corn and rice beer! (Miller Lite and Bud Light respectively). That is way too expensive, but nice in relative terms. I am happy to spend an extra dollar to get an American owned beer (not owned by Europe like Budweiser) that is made with barley (see above mentioned rice and corn statement).Its awesome that there is no smoking in the stadium any more. The old smoking area sucked! Going outside the entire stadium is way better, and more fun talking to the other smokers about the game when its not on a TV right there!Sometimes the bathrooms are way overzealous, like when the Brewers play and there are 70 urinals for me and one other guy to choose from. If you like baseball, go to BOB er...Chase field. Yell at D-bagster (Baxter the BOBcat to me and always will be!) Boo the D-bax, at some point it always seems to happen. Hopefully cheer when they do well, even if you are there to see the other team (as most of us are when we visit Chase field) it is always polite and appreciated to root for the home team, good baseball is good baseball, no matter who your team is!
4	Chase Field is amazing!  I have been there a couple of times and each time I find something new to explore or eat!  The people there are friendly and the game wasnt too bad either!
4	Awesome times!!
3	Chase Field is the home to the Arizona Diamondbacks (or Dbacks, I should say).  It's a rather nice field, with a good amount of seats and multiple levels.  Located in the heart of Phoenix, this stadium became famous when it was first built.  Having a moving roof to let the sun in (or keep the rain out) was something unheard of at the time.  It is still a thing of wonders.I've only been to a few games here, but each time that I have come, I find that the experience is good.  It usually does not completely fill up (it's pretty easy to find seats together if you are going in a group), and it makes for a great family getaway.I would not exactly suggest that you plan on eating a full meal here... Prices are expensive, and the quality of food is not that good.  I would recommend that you eat outside of the stadium, and save room for a few drinks when you get inside.If you have lived here for 10 years, or if you are just passing through, make sure to stop on by and see the magnificent edifice for itself.
5	I love baseball. I love this stadium.  Enough Said
5	This Is what every domed ball park should strive to be. Nuff said.
4	I remember seeing baseball here many years ago and asking "why enclose baseball in Arizona?"  The locals assured me the heat was the issue v rain. Chase is unique in that they have a swimming pool in the stands just about Center field which can be rented for a combo game and swimming party. I have sat all over the place in this ballpark and the Park always exceeds expectations. Great place to enjoy a ballgame!
4	Best place to catch some baseballs!  I haven't been attending many games this year but this place never disappoints.  I am glad that Chase is offering healthier food items.  I do love to have a turkey burger and a beer a the game.
4	This Ball Park is pretty cool with the modern moving roof and a pool.  Who knew you could go for a swim at catch a live baseball game all at the same time.  No budlight lime though.  wah wah
4	Good experience at today's game. (NYM@ARI). Got tickets from Stubhub in Section 122 for $35. Seats like that at Angel Stadium would probably cost at least $50. Aside from being stuck next to a kid who wouldn't sit still and watch the game, there was absolutely nothing to complain about. Food prices are very reasonable, and the employees are nice too. The D'backs aren't so bad either. I'm an Indians fan with no interest in either team but I still enjoyed the game today. Gotta check it out if you're a baseball fan.
4	There is a Leinenkugel beer stand on the east side of the first floor heading toward Fatburger! SO so so excited to discover that! They only take cash though!
4	Great ballpark. Air conditioned baseball!  The times I've attended a game, the roof has been closed. I'd love to see it actually opening or closing. The ballpark is in downtown Phoenix, surrounded by restaurants, parking and the light rail. The park itself has several fan shops selling Diamondbacks gear, and more food/beer stalls than you can count. I remember there used to be a pool near center field but I didn't see it on this trip. A TGIFriday's is near the mail entrance as well. Some other restaurants line the main "drag" in front of the entrances. The ticket sales area needs to have some mist-blowers and/or fans cooling off the folks standing in line for tickets.
5	Such a beautiful stadium, built to take advantage of beautiful AZ  summer nights, but protect you from vicious summer afternoons. Easy to get in and out, good food (for a stadium), friendly staff. The AZ fans are pretty lame though, and they don't like you to root noisily; the god thing is that the old folks head back to the nursing home by 9 pm and it begins to kosen up.
5	Chase Field Stadium has popped my MLB cherry!This was my first MLB game ever going to in my 25 years of life.  D-backs VS Padres. As soon as you pull onto the street in front of the stadium it's huge with a very well kept exterior curb appeal.  When you enter the glass doors a burst of cold air invites you in and the aroma of popcorn and hot dogs begins to make your stomach rumble.   The seats with fold down chairs are a bit cramped so if you have space issues I highly recommend the metal benches.   This is a very family friendly place to take the kiddies, I saw children from infant and up having a great time.  The stadium is so unique with the dome so in our lovely summer Arizona heat it takes you away from where you are to a giant inside park.  Swimming pool included!  Give it a try we only live once! :)
4	This trip we rented an area over centerfield to have a conference for about 250. We got in the ballpark in the early AM with the intent to stay for the game as we had a separate suite for this. It drizzled a bit, so the roof was open for much of the day, though temperatures we over 100. Walking around an empty ballpark makes you appreciate the size of Chase. Groundskeepers moved and massaged dirt all day as their #1 DBacks appear to be playoff bound. Who would have thought?The catering service was excellent and finally at game time we enjoyed watching the DBacks come from behind to beat the Padres. The suites above centerfield have poor visibility because of the size of the ball park. Enjoyable, but get me the box seats else I can't watch baseball from the nosebleed area.
5	Awesome stadium love the atmosphere here and also that you can sit outside of friday's and see the game back in 2007 i caught the game winning ball when the played tampa bay i was on the jumbo tron it was sweet and the staff quickly approached to make sure i was ok and if i wanted my ball signed by the player who hit it which was Chris Young i have and will return again for games here
4	Well it looks like a big airplane hanger but what is inside is incredible. I always have a good time at the ball park.  The food prices have improved over the years but the $1.50 hot dogs leave a lot to be desired. I'll stick with the $5.25 Diamonddogs.  One of my favorite memories is of a game I took my daughter to, who was 3 at the time. She wanted to walk all over the park. Johnson was pitching in his last season with the DBacks. We never stayed in our seats. We saw Baxter, climbed all of the stairs and had a great time.  She is almost 9 now and sits on my lap during the game. We usually walk around at some point and she talks me into getting a mini bat or a hat and we have a great time. Thanks for the memories "BOB," I mean Case Field. Many more to come.
5	Love it here
4	Very cool place... I've sat all over in this ballpark... from the picnic pavilion to the TGI Fridays (which is really cool by the way) to the box seats, to the nose bleeds and to the front row along 3rd base and 1st base.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  The picnic pavilion is a little far away from the action, so make sure you wear your glasses so you can see down to home plate. 8-)Love the roof when it's open and when it's closed.  When they open it, it's all this special music and stuff... pretty cool really.
5	I am so a Diamondback fan now! Just moved down here and went to the game to get tickets. Walked up to the ticket booth and asked if they have a military discount... they did. We got amazing seats right by the home plate for only $25 a piece. Recommend walking around before you settle on what you want to eat and drink they have a pretty awesome selection of food and booze, everything is kind of expensive... but it is cheaper than a Cardinals game. We almost got hit by a foul ball, we saw the freak in action, and a grand slam! Plus there were 2 drunk guys a couple rows back who kept things fun with their various crowd pleasing chants. We were so impressed we are thinking about getting tickets for next year.
5	I'm not a Diamondbacks fan, but I'm definitely a Chase Field fan.  I came here for the first time in September.  The ballpark is beautiful and is very bright and modern.  I was probably most impressed by the enormous high definition scoreboard out in center field.  The graphics were awesome on there!  I also thought that it was cool that they have a lot of interactive things going on in between innings to keep fans entertained.The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and the fans here seem to be really well behaved based on my observation.  Although people were into the game, I didn't see anything crazy going on in the stands.I happened to be here on fireworks night so I got to see the roof open up.  Very swift process.  They don't mess around and make you wait here...the fireworks will start as soon as they get the roof open.Parking was rather convenient and there seemed to be no shortage of spaces in the parking structure across the street.
4	A very nice, modern ball park.  Ive been here for ball games, and Ive never had a bad seat.  The Diamond Club (I think thats what its called!) is a cool place to hang out if you need more distraction than just a baseball game.See if you can find the Sonoran Club!  If you do, you wont regret it!
4	I'm not a baseball fan, but even I can appreciate the excitement of a live game.  I've attended a few games, as well as experiencing the mother of all holiday parties at Chase, and I've been pleased every time.The facilities are clean, the AC is cool and the food and drink selection is perfect.  Bonus for Chase being mere minutes from home!
3	To me, this is Miller Park without the warmth and personality. Tickets are expensive - especially for a team that hasn't fared too well the past couple years. Seats are comfortable and the AC is a necessity for most of the season. The big pool in the outfield is OK, I guess.Access to downtown is excellent and there is a lot of parking nearby. Often some youth activities offered in and around the ballpark. I am giving this park a 3 star rating because this park is closer to the parks I ranked as three stars than it is the 4 star parks.
4	I have 48 check in's at Chase....It's way past time for a review.I find it difficult to compare all major league ballparks, so I tend to separate them in to 3 major categories (historic, mutli-use, and new). Chase Field would definitely fall into the new category along with others like Petco, Miller Park, Progressive, etc., so I'm going to judge the field through that lens.Building (Atmosphere): 3.5/5 stars - The ballpark is typically empty, which is very disappointing since I'd like to see the Dbacks be as successful as they can (aside from the 7 games a year they play the Cubs). The crowd will occasionally get behind the team, but on a typical weeknight, it can be pretty quiet in there. I've been to playoff games, which are much more lively than a regular season game. But overall, it's about as quiet as a library. I have an appreciation for games like this, but it's not a regular MLB ballpark setting.Building (Physical): 4.5/5 stars - The building is a very impressive structure and the sightlines are great. I've sat all over the ballpark, and never felt ripped off for a ticket price. Air conditioning, retractable roof, giant Jumbotron, activities to keep the kids busy, and plenty of other entertainment; the Dbacks have thought of it all. One thing to keep in mind though, the ballpark is a MUCH BETTER experience when the roof is open. Baseball was meant to be played outside.FOOD: 4/5 stars - There's plenty of food options (pizza, hot dogs, ice cream, burgers, even Chinese), but I'll just recommend the best places. Make sure to visit the tamale stand down the 3rd base line - it's in a cart on the inside of the concourse - and the specialty hot dog location - outside of the concourse, 3rd base line - for something quick. If you want a sit down pre-game meal, there's a buffet underneath the stands behind homeplate (approx. $27.00 - I think) that is VERY good.Value: 5/5 stars - Keep in mind, this is a value ONLY for a MLB ballpark. It is still an expensive afternoon for a family. However, ticket prices and food prices are relatively reasonable. I recommend bleacher seats for the best value on tickets. The Dbacks are offering a $19.00 deal for a ticket, 2 sodas, and a hot dog. Food-wise once you're in the ballpark, the best value options are Panda Express in RF and the value deals at the concession stands.Service/Organizational: 5/5 stars - A few years ago (pre-Derrick Hall) I would have given the Dbacks a 1/5 rating on this. Now, they've become a first-class organization. Every employee I come in contact with has been pleasant and helpful. Obviously, you see ushers and vendors more than anyone, but the front office is also great. The Dbacks are gaining national attention for being the best organization in sports, and they are very deserving of this honor.Overall, if you get an opportunity to attend a game at Chase Field, DO IT! It's a great ballpark and an enjoyable and memorable event!
4	As an Oakland Athletics fan, it is insanely frustration to see a such a beautiful stadium for a team that has only been in the league since 1998 and with only 1 World Series tittle to its name. Still, inside and out, it is a great park for baseball and in an amazing location right off the freeway and with a train stop in front of it. Looking forward to coming back this season for a live game.
3	The stadium itself is very well maintained.  I believe there's a pool or hot tub in the ballpark.Selection of food was sub par and the food itself was to put it bluntly...gross.Food is average ballpark prices.Maybe this is a little bias since I'm a Giant's fan, but I did not like how my home team was not introduced properly at the ballpark.  No matter the circumstance at AT&T park we always introduce the lineup of the opposing team.  Way to keep it classy Arizona...not.
4	I've been here for a couple of games and considering I'm not a huge baseball fan, I've always had a good experience. There really isn't a bad spot in the house (we took advantage of a Groupon deal and were impressed with the value last night), the staff in the stands and at the concessions were super friendly, and everything was really clean. Of course everything is expensive, which is to be expected, but I guess that's part of the experience.
4	A great baseball park! I've been to many stadiums across this great land of ours and Chase Field is one of the best. There is not a bad seat in the house. I have yet to find a single person who works here to be unfriendly or impolite--whether it's the beer guy, the hotdog vendor, the ticket taker, the ushers, it doesn't matter. Everybody who works here is polite, friendly, and courteous. I've been coming here since it was Bank One Ballpark and I have always had a good experience. The one downside to Chase Field is that the food is EXPENSIVE. Expect to shell out a small fortune for food. The other downside is that they allow Dodger and Giants fans to come to the stadium. Most of those Dodger fans are obnoxious, rude, and ridiculous. And the Giants fans are whiny babies. But that's not Chase Field's fault. ;)
4	Review # 300... Might as well start it with a BANG! A friend of mine called me on Friday night and asked me if I wanted to go to a baseball game as he had free tickets, in a suite, that was inclusive. SCORE! I mean to think, I am don't even like baseball but what the heck, why not I mean  free food and drinks, oh yea I am in!We arrived and parking was a breeze. I mean yea it was $12 to park in the garage, but it was right next to Chase Field and we did have free tickets. So we go to will call to pick up the tickets, stand in line and walk on in. This is where it gets slightly confusing. The suite was Legends E and for some reason, no one knew exactly where it was. They knew it was upstairs but not sure where. So after walking upstairs and seemingly walking in circles for a minute, we finally found a staff member who knew where we were talking about and pointed us in the right direction. OMG the suite was huge! There were sections for you to sit down outside as well as inside to watch the game. The food buffet was plentiful with some of the largest (and yummiest) hot dogs I have ever seen. Oh and the kicker ( besides the open bar) was that they even had an ice cream bar. What the hell? #team greedy was in full effect that night lol.  So we grab some hot dogs and drinks and park ourselves in some seats to watch the game. Now I know what goes on during those commercial breaks. Between the kiss cam, in which someone got engaged, to the the funny little games they play. Very cool and quite comical.  I do feel as though I may have jinxed the Diamondbacks as they lost and lost badly to the Braves that night, but all in I had a very good time. Even for someone who doesn't watch/like baseball. Oh will I go back? Sure and it doesn't even need to be in a suite!
4	A truly beautiful ball park!  It is always a comfortable temperature, convenient downtown location and reasonable ticket prices.  I was invited to watch Wednesday's game at one of the suites and was very impressed with the suite and the food that was served...not bad for catering at a ballpark!Check out the pool when you are there too...pretty cool!
5	Love this field! The roof...the fans...the game!
5	This stadium was amazing. the experience was great and the people were friendly. I cant wait to go back for another game
5	What's really awesome with Chase Field??? You can bring as much beverage and food as you want. See.. in life, you have options... either you spend  on overpriced water and food; or you buy some from the lady by the intersection outside the ballpark, and save some for your pocket...My boyfriend plays for a minor league team, hence he gets free complimentary tickets to any Major league game of his choice. We got really high seats "even though"... the ballpark wasn't packed at all.. so that kinda sucked.The ballpark was amazingly beautiful.... It's actually better than AT& T park, where i belong. It's well maintained...the grass is greener.. HOWEVER, there's less food concessions. Ps: if you are a foreigner, make sure you bring your passport to be able to buy alcohol at the park. My boyfriend only had his Canadian DL... and i had to do all the beer buying for him. ALSO::::::: i came here in the month of May and the stadium's roof was open. It was soooooo HOT! dress comfortably.
4	We came here to watch the D-backs vs Dodgers and had a great time.  The facility is great with a lot of choices for food and very clean.  I've been to quite a few ball parks and this one is top notch.  We were very fortunate to sit behind home plate, six rows back and the waitress we had (Jenny) was very efficient.  My wife ordered a Cold Stone ice cream in a cup and the nuts seemed stale but Jenny came to the rescue and took care of it.  I would highly recommend the frozen lemonade; cool and refreshing.  The one thing that doesn't change about ball parks is the $10 sixteen ounce beer but I guess it comes with the territory!
5	Go Diamondbacks! I've been coming to this stadium since their inaugural game back in 1998! I still sport my purple and teal hat to the games... I just can't get down with the Sedona Red. We had season tickets for the first three or four seasons and I remember when they won the World Series, my family nearly died with excitement. What a great year!Even though I hadn't been to a game in quite a few years, the stadium hasn't changed much. Sure it isn't Bank One Ballpark anymore, but the people working here are just as friendly as ever. Be prepared to shell out some cash for in stadium food and beer, but that's pretty standard at this point. If you're surprised to spend $7 on a hotdog, then you're too broke to go to a game. It's just the way it is. One of the things I love about this stadium is the retractable roof. This past game we were lucky enough to have nice weather so they opened that sucker right up. Try to listen for the awesome music they play when it's opening. Very epic. Baseball is still the All American thing to do and everyone should go to a game at least once in their life. Make it a dbacks game! BEAT LA!
4	Chase Field is a great venue to catch a baseball game.  It's very walkable.  Compared to Chicago, parking is cheap, and the concessions are very reasonable.  Best of all you can actually afford to buy tickets.  In other words, you can afford to take your family to a baseball game without spending the equivalent of a month's rent in the process.It's clean, modern, and well-lit.  It's great with the roof open or closed.  And you can hang out in a freaking pool and watch a baseball game!  Plenty of concession stands and bathrooms mean you won't be wandering aimlessly.After several visits, I can honestly say I've never not had a good time.
4	During my first visit to watch the Diamondbacks get their butts handed to them by the Colorado Rockies I was impressed by the sheer level of cleanliness I saw when I first walked in. My dad and I got there early so the dome was still closed as it was still a decent 97 degrees outside. Getting to sit behind the visitors dugout was not too shabby either (thanks StubHub). The stadium is a big circle so your could walk around and not have to double back to get to where you started and no matter where you turned you could find concession stands everywhere so you were never to far away from grubbing. Right before the game went underway the dome slowly opened and that was the defining moment when I truly realized I liked the Chase Field. When the evening sky gazed upon the field the temp was just right to get into even for a losing game and so the night was saved. Thanks for the fun evening Chase Field!
4	I love having a ballpark right smack dab in the middle of downtown. It's accessible be foot from work and you can also take the light rail to their front door.It's a great place to watch a ball game:air conditioned until it's cool enough to open the roof. They have a decent selection of concessions and drinks and there always seems to be some sort of venue close by. The HD Scoreboard is awesome. I 've never had to sit in the high seats so I can't promise that there's no bad seat in the house.  Just a nice modern venue to take in a game.You really don't have to even enjoy baseball to have a good time here in my opinion.
4	I cant believe this ball park opened its doors 12yrs ago, it still has the feel of a brand new ball park. Ive sat at a few different sections but I have to say my favorite area are the LF bleacher seats. The bleachers are the best, the tickets there are cheap and you can stretch out!! Also when the roof is open, the LF gets the shade when the sun is out.The DBacks are running a great special right now, for $19 you get a bleacher seat ticket & a voucher for a free hot dog & soda. You can beat that!!GO DBACKS!!!
5	Go D'Backs! My only beef is many food and drink venues are cash only, which is weird when even farmers markets are swiping debit cards on iPhones.
4	Always a great place to see a game. I've had seats in the high rows of the 300 sections. And the mid range rows of the 130 sections. My fav. Was last year row one in the bleachers in left field. Really fun seats. The facility is always clean, the staff always nice. They offer me lemonade just like grandma made, how can that be a bad thing?  I live how easy the ballpark is to access from the light rail. Too bad I left tonights game before the d-backs walk off hime run... ohh well I had fun.
5	Man, I love baseball. Sometimes going to a game can get expensive so I stick to the value menu. A buck fifty for a hot dog? I'll take five please.Kettle corn, pretzels, nachos, and frozen yogurt helmet sundaes. At Chase Field they've got it all but bring some cash because a lot of the vendors are prehistoric and don't take plastic.During the 4th inning, I always head to the upper deck to get an autograph from the D-Backs mascot, Baxter. They say it's just for kids but he doesn't seem to mind.
4	Nice looking park - just came back from them beating the Cubs ( love it sitting with Cubbie fans, the whine is soooo . . . Nasal )Splurged and did the Club seating.  Since all the fair weather fans came out for bobble head night . . . paid the premium $ 156 per tix . . . Sorry, just way to expensive.  In most baseball parks these tickets would include free food / beverages and parking etc . . . not here.  What gives ? . . . I wish the diamond backs good luck on getting a strong following willing to fork over those numbers ( I do since I am working on going to every stadium ).  One or two losing seasons and poof . . . all gone fans.
4	I was once given a "good gamed" by Baxter! I felt a bit awkward about it until about my third beer and then It was all good!  so glad we have Chase Field here.
4	Love our ballpark....the screen clearer and more amazing this season. The team is this year can be quite frustrating but I am a die hard fan.They have a lot of young talent and will improve.  They offer a good variety of restaurants and have enough bathrooms so we don't have to wait in long lines. The staff is friendly and helpful.Great entertainment for reasonable price!
4	Just went to the Friday night game vs Cubs.  We tried a new section-Friday's Front Row inside the restaurant in the outfield.  I was impressed.  We sat in the front row pretty much over the left outfield and you could see in the bullpen also which was kind of cool.  There is a waitress for the section and she did a great job.  Tickets were $20 per which I thought was nice.  You can also get served alcohol throughout the whole game if you are the kind of person that gets anxiety about the whole last call thing in the 7th.
4	Chase Field was stop #22 on my families mlb park tour, I found the park to be quite good and the fact that the roof closes on hot, desert days is a huge plus!Parking seems to be super cheap around the ball park, I paid $5 to park about 2 blocks away.I purchased $30 seats on stubhub that were in the 1st row of section 132, seems like a great deal.  The action was close and foul balls were hit in our area all game.  The players also signed many autographs before the game in our section.The kids play area is very well done.  Batting cages, whiffle ball park and jungle gym areas were all included in the price of admission.Chase offers all of the expected ballpark food items, the best offering in the park are the tamales from ReyGloria's tamale stand in left field.  Very tasty!All in all, a solid ball park that is a good place to take in a game. The park was rather empty on a Monday night but I can imagine that Chase Field is a raucous environment when filled to capacity!
3	Nice stadium.  Very clean but odd watching in a dome since the roof was closed when we were there (end of June and about 112 degrees outside). Food was only OK in my opinion, but there was a good variety.
3	Overall, a GREAT time.  I'm behind with my reviews, but when something irks me, i make it a point to review same day.  While I'd love to give Chase 5 stars, (I took 1 1/2 away because this one is big), I can't for one big reason...  Their lack of assistance for disabled people.  Not all of us use wheel chairs.  This is a HUGE pet peeve I have.  They shouldn't call attention to the fact that I don't look handicapped, so why do I need assistance.  Yes, I live in the Desert, and I have a sun allergy.  I wasn't asking to "cut" in line, but being with my 7 year old, it's not like I could have him hold our space in line with 10,000 other people.  Another person shared her story with me, and had the same issue with their ignorance.  She asked if I was planning on citing the ADA and reporting them. I can't believe the run around I received "go here, talk to this person, go to window 2, you're not on a list..." down to "These people have been waiting all day, you just can't walk up and try to cut the line"!!!! Really?  It is illegal for them to ask what my disability is.  I showed them my medications, and only because they were calling me out and were doing it in front of a few hundred people waiting in line.  They should at least have a waiting area with benches to accommodate those of us with disabilities.  Please don't judge the illness' you can't see.  My kids didn't ask for a parent with an issue, why should they be penalized if I were to stay home 24/7? They retweet your #tweets / #pictures before and during the game on the mega tron. That was a fun way to kill the time before the game starts. We sat in the "all you can eat" seats.  A great option if you have kids.  There is a small fee added on per ticket, but the savings were more than worth it. Hot dogs, soda, bottled water, popcorn, peanuts in the shell, and chips.  Make sure you stock up before the 7th inning, that's when they pull the food and drinks.  We got our "Nacho Libre'" masks, good fun for the boy.  They offer complimentary sign making services, lots of easy to find restrooms. Overall, we had a great time and will be back. Maybe even buying Season tickets. The down side, the migraine that has already kicked in and will last for the next 24-48 hours.  Worth it for a night out with my son.
5	State of the art ballpark! Cool & comfortable inside seats are not cramped in. My team lost but we felt like guests in the stadium! Just an awesome visit! Looking forward to the next visit!
5	Chase Field is an excellent ballpark venue and the perfect place to go to escape the summer heat.  The surrounding area is very inviting and all about the dbacks, it makes it very easy to get in the spirit of baseball. In my opnion, nearly every seat in the house is a good seat.  You are likely to be cool, have a good view, and be enveloped in the baseball spirit.  The main concourse has a large variety of food selection, from your typical game day staples to panda express, macayo's mexican kitchen, and cold stone creamery.  The upper concourse also has vareity just not as much.Overall any experience at Chase Field is likely to be a great one!
5	I will only go here for Giants games! None the less its a one of a kind stadium I hear there is a pool I will hunt for it next time. The light rail drops you in front, yay!  Plus there is parking all around downtown phx at an affordable $5 or $10, way cheaper than the a normal busy city like sf!  The dome closes when its hot, AMERICAS only in door field, yay!! U-S-A! pretty cool, i have yet to experience a closed dome game.
4	Yay!  I'm a fan of the ballpark, not the D-Backs, Go Dodgers!  With that said, sorry everyone, I am a transplant and although AZ is now my home I can not stop cheering for my home teams.  Chase, Bank One, whatever you want to call it is a wonderful field.  The temperature is always right, the beer is always cold, and the concessions are pleasing.  I love this ballpark.  Even cheering for the visiting team I have always felt comfortable here.
4	Chase Field is a great place to watch a game! I was amazed at the amount of food options; everything from Panda Express to Fatburger to TGI Fridays to hot dogs to gluten free options. I got a free soda for swiping my ID as a designated driver. I've never seen that at a ballpark/arena before but thought it was a great idea!Very clean, comfortable temperature, great food options!
5	Chase field provided a fantastic background for filming footage and stunning photographs. Everyone should take time to take in a game or just go down for one of there tours.
5	I had a great time watching the DBacks pummel those lowly Rockies last night! First time visitor to the region and I watched the game alone. Met 3 great groups of people and we chatted and high fived throughout the game. Not only a great, friendly crowd, but 4 dollar regular beers and 1.50 value dogs... As a fan from Toronto, I was shocked into a near comatose state. Wow!
5	Very nice facility that is well kept.  Can't wait to see a game with the roof open.  My only complaint would be that I wish they had more vegan friendly options. For instance, I attempted to get Subway but found the subs to be pre-made, which wouldn't work for me.
2	What the hell? I just stood in line for 15 minutes for the value food items, got 2 hot dogs & a popcorn. $1.50 each. This adds up to $4.50. Somehow I got charged $7.50. I had started eating my popcorn while I was waiting for the girl to fetch my hot dogs and I thought maybe she had given me the larger size. But the person behind me got the same size. So wtf?? Anyway, I wasn't given a receipt so I didn't have any way of knowing what I was charged for. I was tired of waiting and wanted to go watch the game. Except even now I'm writing a review instead of watching the diamondbacks get their ass beat. Whatever. Too late. I'm just pissed. Screw you Chase Field.
5	I absolutely loved this field. Has an indoor playground for kids and toddlers and on days when the weather is up to 106 degrees they close it up and put the AC on. And the scoreboard is like if your in a video game. LOVE IT.
5	This place has a pool!!! Best indoor stadium I've seen. But the Giants are still a better team.
4	pretty awesome stadium.....this coming from a Giants fan.  Another great venue to walk around a check out the local talent.......and Az., I give it to you hands down!!  Your brand of hotties is up there with any other place that claims they have the most tens (10)'s walking around.......blonde ones, brunette ones, reheaded ones and even a couple with purple.  My buddy and I were shocked......and friendly too.Took in opening night this year and by the time the game and the after party drinks stopped flow'n we managed to take 5 or 6 of your locals out to dinner across the street at the Hard Rock.    way to go AZ!!!
4	Ive sat in several different sections here, and there really isnt a bad view. We usually opt for visitors bull pen seats. Cheap, close to a variety of foods (TCBY!), entertaining, and you could even catch a fly ball.Beware the steepness of the upper deck.Chase Field, or the BOB as we still call it, is a very family friendly park. Cant beat a live ball game w/ AC in the summer!
4	When trying to come up with a review for Chase Field I kept thinking of one word:  cozy.The "indoor" venue is carpeted on the concourses and has a living room feel to it.  And the field is real grass.  Very cozy.Depending on the weather the roof could be open or closed.  Pretty cool.  Especially cozy when closed.One large, multi use scoreboard is directly in center field, and information is mostly posted there.  Several B/S/O mini boards are located throughout the stadium on the 200 level facade.  Cozy enough.A large selection of food concessions are located on the main concourse.  Typical ballpark fare.  There is a TGI Fridays in left field which is kinda cool.  Watch the game from the 200 level while chomping on Friday's fries.  Yeah, cozy again.So, IMOHO, Chase Field has my vote for the coziest ballpark in MLB.
5	Took the family to the 9/16 game vs. the Giants. As a transplanted Californian I couldn't resist when my Giants came to town. Unfortunately the Giants lost but I wont let it affect my review... This ballpark is awesome. Not AT&T Park awesome but really close. We got there early to explore the stadium before the game and discovered the Fridays restaurant with in stadium seating. Very cool. Even cooler, some D'backs were on field working out and Trevor Cahill tossed us a ball on their way back in. Awesome. The stadium feels really easy to navigate. Concession lines weren't very long. Plenty of restrooms around. Everything you need. Our seats were right on the corner of the visitor bullpen. Not a bad view of the Giants getting slaughtered.  The most important thing, as a fan of the visiting team I received nothing but some good natured ribbing. My family and I felt very welcomed. I can't wait for the Giants to come back to town.
5	Go dbacks
4	With all those stadiums in the south and southwest, I always wondered why they needed domes since the weather is generally so nice. Once you see a matinee game during the summer, you become thankful for those domes. Chase Field is a really nice stadium with a neat retractable roof. Comfortable inside without a bad seat in the house. Higher up, great views of the surrounding area. Neat scoreboards. Good food options. Unfortunately, when I went, the fan base wasn't so large. In fact, they were playing the Red Sox and it almost felt like a Red Sox home game. (Granted, I've seen a lot of Red Sox games away from Fenway and they must be the most well-traveled fans.) Can't complain. But I will say this. Man when it's warm out, the dome's a life-saver!
4	Have you ever had a bobcat wipe it's ass on your Barry Bonds jersey, while it's still on your back, then sprinkle crumbled up peanuts all over your head, encouraging the entire left-field stands to stand up, applaud, and roar as they point and laugh at you? I have. Over the years, Bastard (Baxter) the Bobcat and I have developed quite the relationship. In fact, if it wasn't for my undying love for pussy, I would have clobbered this cat years ago. The-Bobcat-chosen-to-represent-a-team-whose-official-mascot-is-a-snake aside, this park has it's ups and downs. Instead of telling you war stories of my past experiences at Chase Field, I've decided to break down the pros and cons in a list format. :::::Pros:::::1. Location - Centrally located in downtown Phoenix, it's difficult to beat the location of Chase Field. But I'm a sucker for downtown areas. 2. MILFS - Looking as if they are headed for Old Town Scottsdale, opposed to a baseball game, these bitches may not have the slightest idea about the sport, but they do a damn good job of providing me something to look at while walking to and from my seat.3. Retractable roof - This assures an excellent temperature while watching the Dimondbacks  finish in third place in the NL West. 4. Me - Anytime you are lucky enough to catch me at the game is a plus. :::::Cons:::::1. Fans - These are hands down the WORST fans in professional sports. Not only are these fans clueless, but they are shallow as a puddle of piss. Every time I go to a game, I have to double check the schedule to make sure it wasn't an away game. I guess I just expect a professional franchise to draw more than seventeen fans a game. And that's in April. 2. Baxter the Bobcat - Fuck him. 3. Concessions - It's a shame that I have to take out a loan every time I want to go to a game and get my drink on. But soaring concession prices aren't exclusive to Chase Field, I'm not foolish. However, the food at Chase Field is absolute horse shit. I'm old school, so I'm straight with a hot dog and some chicken strips, but I'm as good as fucked if I want anything less barbaric. 4. My buddy's leg tattoo - Yeah that's right, a leg tattoo. Nine times out of ten, if I'm at a D-Backs game, my buddy Hunt is with me. And ten times out of ten, my buddy Hunt is beyond shit-faced. So here I am, a Giants fan, walking around with a belligerent motherfucker with an Arizona Dimondbacks tattoo on his calf muscle, spilling beer on everybody within a 200ft radius, and shouting "YOU FUCKING SUCK DICK BITCH" to Eric Byrnes (back then) in front of every little child in the left field bleachers. 5. Luis Gonzalez - We get it, you love Luis Gonzalez. He had one good year. And that was due SOLELY to steroid use. Which happens to be the same reason you fans loathe Barry Bonds. Hypocrites. 6. Baxter the Bobcat - Yeah I know I already said it, but Fuck him again. I'm sure I am leaving out tons of very crucial information, but hey, this works. Overall, it is a great park in an even better city. Although I now live in the Bay, and get to frequent a REAL ballpark (ATT Park), I really miss hitting up Chase with my buddy Hunt. I even miss him shouting "FUUUUUUCK YOUUUUUU" directly into my ear, at the top of his lungs, following a go-ahead homer by the D-Backs.
5	My first ballgame!!! Saw the D-backs play the Cubs.
3	Just went to the field for Supercross this past weekend! It seemed like there were more vendors than usual, which was nice because lines were not long at all. The staff was very friendly and things moved smoothly. Usually at events like this lines are long, everything is crowded and it's a mad house. There were enough people to cover the gates to get in, so you got in and out quick. There was enough security guards walking around just in case help was needed, everything was nice and clean, definitely had a lot of fun! The only down side is food and drinks are pricey, but you kind of have to expect that at events like this! $10 for a beer and $6+ for some nachos! In the end it was nice that the lines were short; seats were great and saw an awesome show!
4	I like chase field.  There are a ton of food choices, it's a nice central location in the valley and there are plenty of good seats.  I wish the neighborhood was nicer or they'd build more around it, but it's okay.
5	Chase Field is home during the baseball season.The Diamondbacks really know how to take care of their fans... admission is inexpensive & there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I've had seats behind home plate and way up at the very top of the upper level.  Either way, it's a great way to beat the heat in the summer thanks to the retractable roof.  My favorite place to sit is the left field bleachers.  It's a great fan experience if you're into that.  You can even look into the bullpen & watch the pitchers warm up.  Make sure to get there early for batting practice.  Great opportunity to catch baseballs. :)Don't miss the Leinenkugel beer stand near left field.  Ask them to mix you a Honey Bear.  Half Berry Weiss, Half Honey Weiss.  It's delicious.Find a Macayo's & order their nachos... a little pricey but they use a white cheese, beer & chicken...  & load them up!  Usually feeds a group of us.  Well worth it.I'm obsessed with this field.  You should be too.
3	Let's do this quick and dirtyPros:Concessions galoreAmple parking$4 beers!!!! Good views for baseballCons:Expensive parkingLack of food options near the parkNot exactly a pretty ballparkChase Field is a concrete band box. Is that bad? Ummmm.... it's not great. That being said, as far as baseball goes, there's definitely worse. Is it close to AT&T park? Absolutely not. Is it closer to Chavez Ravine than Petco? Unfortunately, but I will definitely go to Chase again and I won't be upset.
5	A beautiful field in the make of all the modern stadiums that have been built recently.  My brother and I came out to Phoenix to watch the World Baseball Classic, this weekend.  I have been to every baseball stadium in California, and besides ATT Park (San Francisco) and Petco Park (San Diego), Chase stadium is right behind them.  Can't bring drinks but you can bring food into the stadium.  PRO's*Downtown: Love stadiums in downtown, where you can just stumble to the bars right after the game.*Scoreboard: B-I-G, bright scoreboard.  Nicest one that I have seen, it's just freaking awesome. Wish Petco had one that big.*Value Deals: Buying $1.50 sodas, corn dogs, and hot dogs. And $4 12oz beers.  That's a deal right there.*Retractable Roof: Nice to be able to comfortably watch a game while it rains outside.  This was a first for me.CON's*Mascot: I thought they are supposed to be snakes, not bobcats? Sounds like an identity problem to me.Not many bad things with this stadium in my opinion. Maybe one too many ads, but which stadium is not these days? This is a great stadium to watch a game at.  While I will say that its still a tick behind Petco and ATT, and that's not bad at all.
5	Awesome facility!! Staff is always friendly and top notch. Food is great!! Love the layout for watching games. I just cant sit on the upper deck makes me nausea.
4	pretty nice ballpark. Had a pool in right field and it had a retractable roof. THe crowd was at no time into the game despite having the home team win and hit 5 homeruns.
4	My review hasn't/won't change much from last time.  Chase Field is pretty damn awesome.  Everyone is friendly, the parking, the layout, concession prices etc are all fairly priced.  I only have one bad thing to say..............The Upper Deck sucks!!!!!  We were in Section 311 on opening night.  Section 311 and the whole upper deck is horrible.  We were in row 25.  Know what you need when you are in Section 311 row 25?  You need some Gatorade, an energy bar, an oxygen tank and a box of Kleenex for your bloody nose.  Listen.....I'm a large man and I'm out of shape.  Even if I was in shape I would have had trouble getting up there.  The stairs pretty much go straight up.  Its super steep!  If you get nausea or dizzy spells,  I would avoid the upper deck at all costs.  25 rows up doesn't seem like much but once I got to like row 19, I could hear myself breathing heavy.  Old ladies were stopping midway up to catch their breath.  Even little kids who have shitloads of energy were not fond of climbing those stairs.  There were probably 20 more rows above us too!  I couldn't imagine scaling those stairs up to the top top rows.  Check this out too...they have concession guys up in these sections lugging huge boxes of stuff.  If you purchase something off of them and don't tip them at least a buck, you are a cheap bastard who should fall down the stairs ;-).  They work their ass off all night.....at least give them something! Section 205 at tonights (Tuesday) game was much better.  No hiking stairs at all.  Plus the Cardinals won ;-).  I am driving back to SD in the morning a happy man.
5	Chase Field is a great ballpark.  As an avid baseball fan it has almost everything one could ask for when going to a game.  Great ticket prices and an ample variation of food and beer selections really make this place special.  Go Dbacks!
4	Chase field is a decent ballpark. I like going here to see baseball games (obviously), and most of the seats are good. The food selection is not great and is overpriced, as is pretty par for baseball fields everywhere, but if you are in Phoenix....you really don't have any other choice. I suggest eating at one of the many restaurant near the field or getting a hotdog from a vendor outside of the park before you go in to save money and to eat something a bit tastier. Also, you can bring sealed water bottles into the park, so I suggest doing that. It is cool that many Friday nights they have a fireworks display, so props for that. Go D Backs!
3	Awesome ballpark but the reason I gave this place 3 stars was because the food options were terrible.  I mean, I can get Subway and Macayos anytime.  What I wanted was some good "baseball food" and they did not have it where I was sitting.  Oh and $11 for a beer is a tad ridiculous, we are not in Vegas!
4	Great ballpark. My sister and I had seats on the second level, with the enclosed area, bars and eateries. Great view. With a game time outside temp of 99, I was convinced they'd keep the roof closed. I'm glad they didn't. Right before the teams took the field, they opened the roof and made it a whole presentation which was cool. They pulled it off perfectly since it never got that hot inside. It doesn't have as many gimmicks as other parks but that's a good thing. I enjoy baseball, and enjoyed the experience.
5	Looking forward to Memorial Day Weekend at Chase Field.  Best ballpark in the West !Go D-Backs !
5	Everybody expects to have a great time at a baseball game and Chase Field does not disappoint. 4.5 stars all the way...bumped it up for reasons you will read below.Parking is easy, and relatively cheap. Like another yelper said, if you can find meter parking, you can park for free (after 5pm and on weekends I believe...but some spots on the weekend are covered for permit parking only). If you don't care to drive around on the hunt for an open meter, there are a lot of $5 lots within an easy walking distance.The box office usually has enough windows open, so if you are waiting you won't wait for long. Employees are friendly and helpful. If you get there more than two hours before game time, expect to stand in a line to get into the ballpark, especially if there is a sweet giveaway.The inside is spacious, and laid out in a way that even at it's most crowded, it's not too claustrophobic. The team shops are easy to move around in as well. On the third level is where the kids pay area is located. That gets a little packed and hard to maneuver since there seems to be an unusually high number of cell-phone talking, middle of the walkway standing, not paying attention to what's going on, patrons. While you're up in the kids area, make sure to sign up for the Kids Club and check in to every game the kiddos come to on the little kiosks. Here they will get prizes for every game attended. You can also sign your kids up for the "No Chew Crew" (they will promise not to chew or use tobacco) and get a punch card for free kids admission to every Sunday home game. (Redeemable at the box office on the day of the game).The food selection is pretty good and there are "value items" at the regular baseball-fare stands. (I don't remember what the food venue is called). My only gripe is that "premium" beer is $11 and if it's draft, you can only get it large. I don't drink crap so I'm not interested in the $4 drafts that some of the smaller beer stands advertise. It's $11 or nothing...so I opted for nothing this last visit and that's why I docked Chase Field .5 stars.All in all, a visit to Chase Field is a great time. Bring the kids, let them play, pack a lunch if you like (yes, you can bring in outside food), and enjoy the day, or evening. They no longer play the intro in the big screen of the baseball bouncing through Arizona and ending up in the rattlesnake's mouth (I LOVED that!), but I promise that you won't be disappointed.Side note: If you download the MLB "At the Ballpark" app you can check in while you are there. The 50th person to check in gets upgraded seats. I don't remember where they are located but I believe there are 4 of them and they are really good. You can also order food from the app but we didn't try it. PLAY BALL!
4	I have such mixed feelings about this place.  I love to come here to watch a ball game and enjoy the company of good friends and meeting new fans.  Everyone is always helpful in finding your seat, especially if you are like me and get lost.  The stadium offers tons of entertainment between innings. I have been here several times and can't remember a bad seat in the house.  It's always fun to try and catch a fly ball or a giveaway from the team mascot.  The part about this place that I don't like is the outrageously over priced food and beverages. You definitely want to eat before you go.  It would be nice to have a few more bike racks too. Despite the minor inconveniences this is still a great place to spend an afternoon. If your lucky the dime will be closed and it gives you a chance to beat the heat for a few hours.
4	I love this ballpark!  I love being able to take the light rail from tempe all the way up to the stadium and not have to worry about paying for parking or drinking and driving.  The location is nestled right in the heart of downtown and is easily accessible.  The only think I think the ballpark still needs to work on is food.  I tried one of the new gourmet hotdogs and was incredibly underwhelmed.
2	Literally a clone of Miller Park in Milwaukee, from the layout, big screen in dead center field, retractable roof, and Fridays Front Row in left field. It truly is a mirror image with better weather...but little atmosphere, fewer beer options, no sausage races, and worst of all, since it is in the heart of downtown Phoenix, no place to tailgate!
5	I love this ballpark as I have been coming to see the Dbacks ever since their first season. But it will always be BOB in my book!! Whatever the name it's still a great stadium and they have improved great lately on the type of foods hou can order. Great place no matter where you are sitting at to watch the game! 5 stars!
1	Took my daughter to her first pro baseball game. Before the game, I put my 9 month old daughter on my shoulders in the picnic area (not blocking anyone's view) to see the field better. The employee in-charge of the area stated I needed to take her off my shoulders because it's "dangerous". I kindly informed him to mind his own business, but he insisted if I don't remove her from my shoulders I would be escorted out. Therefore, after two innings, the entire family left the game. Not very family friendly!
2	I actually wanted to give it one star, but I'll give it two for, well, not really sure... maybe because I'm comparing it to AT&T Park, so Chase is really up against it.The sight-lines are fine, and the pool looks/ seems like a nice spot. Food options pretty much sucked. Got the garlic fries there, and, well, it's not fair to their vendor at Chase, but they were just so-so. Beer selection was kind of lacking. Not many vendors accepted credit cards, so you better go loaded with cash.If you're a fan of the visiting team, there are, literally, NO options to buy any of your teams' gear. At AT&T, they would at least have a few hats and other options for the visiting team (not so myopic as AZ, apparently). It appears they might have some kind of light rail to get to the games, but not that apparent and available in a pretty small area. The neighborhood itself was not exactly the best. We had to drive past a Circle K on the way back to the 10, and there were about 300 people milling outside on Friday night... looked like a riot was about to break out.Oh yeah, they apparently closed the roof a little late on Friday, so it was still like 88 degrees and really humid (not the dry heat like outside). Everyone (fans and players looked uncomfortable... might explain the deuchiness of the Dback fans on Friday... wow!).I wouldn't go to a game there again. I'd rather stay poolside, have a drink and catch the game on TV.
2	First off, I have to say that I have been extremely spoiled by AT&T Park. The atmosphere, the food, the activities for the kids, the surrounding plethera of restaurants....But, I digress.Had great seats along the left field line - was surprised how inexpensive the seats and parking were (Again - S.F. here)...thought the venue was cool at first - wasn't able to see where the pool was though until the fifth inning. TIP - do not sit anywhere past third base if you want to feel any sort of comfort. The air conditioning units stop right about the end of third base - so the left field and out fields are a sauna. Not a great place to see a game once the early season is underway.Scoreboard was confusing - venue does not show replays of anything as they happen, there are no other scoreboards that I could find to see balls/strikes/OPS, batting average, etc -  the food choices are mediocre - when I asked locals if there was anything beside basic ball park fare - they said that there really isn't anything and if anyone wants anything more you basically have to go to TGIFridays on the Audi Level. I must say, the Audi Level is the place to be - but unless you get there early by the bar/lounge? You can only watch it on TV. Pretty much defeats the purpose of even going there.Would I go to Chase Field again? Maybe at the very beginning of the season. I definitely do not think it is a place to be during the summer time....If you want to road trip? Go to Petco in San Diego or Coors Field in Denver before venturing here
5	Chase Field is a great place to catch a DBacks game.  Almost every seat has a great view, as all the seats are slanted toward home plate.  I do have a problem with the food prices, mainly the crazy overpriced beer, but I know it's a LOT more expensive at other ballparks, so I accept it.  I do like that you can bring in your own water bottles and peanuts and stuff.  Go Diamondbacks!!
4	The stadium has all of the amenities of most ballparks.  The parking is good since you can get free spaces just a few blocks south of the stadium.  Club level prices are reasonable.  The video board is it's best feature as it's one of the largest, if not the largest in MLB.
4	The best part about Chase Field is that nobody goes to the games. They average about 17K midweek and this opens up alot of options for smart people. There are scalpers (can we call them that if they are selling below face value?) galore outside hawking $5 and $10 tickets. Once you get that done, you can pretty much sit wherever you want. The ushers are old and usually have their backs turned and down we go into those "expensive" seats. They have $4 beer, so open your eyes and stop complaining about high beer prices. The food here is a a joke, nothing exciting, just standard crap, unless you find your way into the lower club levels where a great high priced buffet resides. The AC was cranking tonite and if you pay for parking at this stadium, check your head. Chase has boatloads of free spots in the neighborhoods and you just need to find them or ask me.
5	One of the fan friendliest ballparks in the country, Chase Field offers many amenities for the baseball fan to see, do, and enjoy. One big attraction for first-time visitors is the pool in right field. I have taken in games from the area around the pool, but never actually inside there. There's not a bad seat in the house. Alongside the pool area, the only other place I've yet to see a game from is that brick area suite right behind home plate...the one you can see people sitting in on tv when they show the player up to bat. Another big attraction is the retractable roof. In early spring and summer, the roof is open for night games unless the weather is bad. Once it begins to get hot in June, the roof is closed.In 2000 when I first moved here, I was an usher at this ballpark and I made it a challenge to run up the 3rd level stairs to the very top each day before a game. The players saw me do it and would cheer me on. I was in really good shape then and didn't have the knee problem I have all these years later, but I tell you what. The view from the last step at the very top looking down is quite something, but word of warning: you must not be afraid of heights like I am. I could look for a split second and then I'd have to head back down the stairs because I would get dizzy real easy up there.Drawbacks to this park? The food and beverages are a little pricey, so my advice is to  grab a bite to eat before you go to the game. You can find great deals on bottled water, peanuts, and kettle corn outside the park, so that's one cheap alternative and you can take those inside with you. The Diamondbacks Team Shop is well-stocked full of awesome souvenirs and goodies, but again, a lot of items are overpriced. Just something to take note of. They do have some good deals during some homestands so when they do,, that's the time to take advantage and buy your gear.
4	I've been to so many games here. A lot of great memories here!I would have to agree with the notion that it is one of the most fan-friendly ballparks. They have a very large kid's clubhouse, a ballpark staff who greets you and always has a smile on their face, and they now have a fitness center inside the ballpark! The ticket costs are still among the lowest in MLB baseball, which is surprising taken that their utuilty bill must be through the roof! (No pun intended) My only criticism is the food situation. I enjoy the fact they allow you to bring food inside the ballpark. That being said, I had trouble even getting a very small cup of water for free. They have a Subway and Panda Express inside the park (which I like because it provides a healthier alternative), but the prices are unbelievably high. You can't even order what you want at at Subway! Some of the food service staff fan be rude. Aside from that, Chase Field is a great venue to being your family and/or friends to watch a baseball game. Maybe once in my life I'll be able to watch s game at the park's swimming pool
5	I went to Chase Field to watch the Dbacks play my favorite team- The Cincinnatti Reds. This was a father's day present for my Dad. Upon arrival to our seats, my dad had a piece of paper taped on his seat stating he had been selected at random and won a souvieneer. The item was a just a hat, but we were so excited he won something! I loved the fact that this stadium is indoors since the outside temp is 90 degrees at 10pm. The game itself was good- Dbacks won I believe. We couldn't stay for the whole game because certain innings lasted A LONG time and my parents have dogs to take care of. There were plenty of choices regarding food and drinks. Our section had a very fun Lemonade guy. He kept shouting "Lemonade Lemonade.. like Grandma made." We kept cracking jokes about how our grandma didn't make lemonade. All in all I had a blast with my family at this facility!
4	Being from the humid city of Cincinnati I can appreciate the fact that the ceiling closes here.  I'm serious!  The stadium is clean and has your typical stands for food/beer/ice cream, but the roof is what makes it!  Love coming here for games, always a blast and tons of nearby restaurants and bars to end the night on a great note!
4	Meow. I saw my home-team, the Reds, play against the Diamondbacks. We got spanked. No bueno. The experience is always fun though.
4	My first Dbacks game at Chase Field was amazing!This was my first experience at the indoor ballpark and at a Diamond Backs (Dbacks) baseball game. Much like any arena, everything is overpriced, especially the parking. I am sad to say that we should have done some research as far as the parking goes. Parking ranges from $10 in the garage to as high as $40 in a near by lot. Unfortunately we did not see the value parking until we started walking in from the $25 dollar lot. That extra $15 dollars could have bought us nachos with a side of jalapenos, value hot dog, and a value pretzel with a side of nacho cheese.The indoor amenities were really nice, plenty of AC and lighting. They have a nice gym, sandlot for the kids, and fun little games at every inning. There is even a park side pool you can enjoy the game at for a higher priced ticket. I enjoyed the game and the atmosphere especially when my ticket was free!Our section 102, won a free Circle K hot dog at one of the inning activities. I don't understand the Dbacks mascot which should be a rattle snake, but instead they have "Baxter" the bobcat. I guess a rattle snake is not as cute and cuddly as a bobcat.Recommendation: Do some research and map out the $10 parking garage, eat from the value menu, bring your own water. Enjoy the AC, Go Dbacks!
5	This is an awesome stadium it's very clean they have a good variety of food and its inside defiantly a good way to beat the AZ heat!
4	We catch at least 2 D-backs games a year. This is a great place for a baseball game in the valley. The roof is closed when the weather gets hot and the temp is a cool 77 degrees inside for the game. There are lots of food and team shops on the concourses.    Parking is conveniently located across the street. There is a skyway that crosses over and leads to the upper level entrance. I will continue to look forward to seeing games here.
5	Go DBacks!!!
4	Love this place! Go D-backs!!!
3	Oh, BOB. Oh, I am sorry Chase.....No no no....its BOB. Yep. Sorry transplants, its BOB. Oh and the team that plays here 81 days out of the year, they used to wear purple and green.....and OH, was it glorious....just like when this place first opened. With that said, lets hit a home run and talk about BOB-er...Chase Field.~What to Do~Watching baseball comes to mind :-D They hold some events sparsely throughout the year, so lets look at this place objectively with this in mind. ~The Good~There are some highlights. The one thing that comes to mind is that a good 70% of seats here at chase are close enough to the game that you do not have to squint. They did an awesome job, the design is in line with most new stadiums, giving the fan the closest possible experience to the field. For children, they have a village-like are in the upper left side of the stadium for them to run around at. There of course is the pool, but I have yet to step foot there, the bulk of Arizonan's for that matter have never swam their. They have a number of vendor locations and you are never far away from a bathroom, which is very nice. Finally, before the bad, I must say that parking around the stadium is extremely cheap, and many many free spots are free if you are frugal like me...DO NOT fall prey to huge prices, when you simply can walk 5-10 minutes for free.~The Bad~Well, why do we give this hulk in central Phoenix 3 stars? I mean, you are born and raised here, you should appreciate it! Well, let me say, when you have been to IMO the mecca of sports stadiums, Camden Yards (home of my beloved Orioles), you have a different view on all other stadiums. First, the stadium is simply here to service games, there really is no extracurricular activities available in the stadium. You go to the game, sit down, then get up and leave. They used to have a sports exhibit in Center field, that closed down. So, there really is no extra-special experience. The stadium design itself, although impressive, reminds you of a steel entrapment. The roof opening is cool, yes, but other stadiums worldwide have it too, it is no longer exclusive to us. There are no beautiful views, its completely enclosed. This makes the stadium just average. It is mechanically a sound strong stadium, without any specific factor which gives it pizazz. ~The Down Low~I am born and raised here. I grew up with the stadium. She will be here for many years, she's been built amazingly well. Issue is, there really is no exciting factor about the stadium. No views like Camden Yards, no extra-special old-time feel like Camden Yards...No extra curricular activities to peruse like Camden Yards....You get the point. We are stuck with an average stadium that serves its purpose. It doesn't detract from the game, is suitable for its specified purpose, and is a sound park to watch a game. If you are in town, go to a game, it will be fun....but do not expect to be wowed if you have been to one of the classic parks country-wide.
3	Ok - My family and i spend our time going to ballparks - so I loved the atmosphere and our seats (cheap seats) were awesome - while I appreciate their effort at the value menu - beware if you branch out ... This is the first ballpark I had to pay extra for cheese on my nacho chips. Seriously? Other items where the same way - ranks high as a cool park but low with food - ball fans BEWARE!
3	It's new, so it looks nice and it's cheap.  But that's about it.  Kinda like all the houses in Arizona.Parking a block away is $10 (on a Friday).  Beer is $4 for bud/budlight/coorslight, 14 oz.  $1.50 popcorn (~XL cup), $1.50 hot dog (ikea size).  So that's good.  Bring cash as all the portable concessions are cash only (all the $4 beer).  22oz beers are $11.  Exiting after the game was quick, not really any traffic.  After the third inning they didn't check tickets, so if you're planning to sneak around to better seats, it seems pretty easy.The temperature was borderline uncomfortably warm.  I get that it's 108 outside, but still.  We did a lap around the main concourse an hour before the game and were back in our seats in 20 minutes.  There's not really anything to do/look at.  There are a few restaurants/bars a block or two west of the park if you want to pregame.The fans are pretty nice, so you won't get shanked like in LA or be judged for not taking public transit like in SF. So that's good.
4	I love Chase Field.  I always have a good time here... There's ample parking (though it costs a few bucks) nearby and the light rails stops right out front for those who can take advantage.  You can't go wrong with almost any seat in the house for a ball game. The staff here is always friendly, though a few are over-zealous with checking tickets.  There are many, many food and beverage stands inside the park, with a variety that is sure to please your pickiest eaters.  I love that they have a Leinenkugel beer stand!  New this season in the park is the "Value Item". You can get cheap snacks, $4 beers and $1.50 sodas at many of the concession stands. Also new this season is a gluten-free stand that offers hot dogs, nachos and some other healthy versions of ball park faves.   =)  My personal favorite snack at the park is Cactus Corn. The smell of cinnamon almonds and kettle corn is so darned enticing, I can't resist getting something from here almost every visit.  Cactus Corn is a cash only stand, as are quite a few in the park, so be prepared with bills... or don't and the line will be shorter for me!!
4	From an out-of-towner away team's fan perspective, I was very impressed by Chase Field: everything from the ease to park, to the wonderfully air-conditioned club area with the food courts, to how courteous everyone was to an away fan, it was a great experience!The seats themselves offer terrific views, and the field is in pristine condition, and its cool to see the roof open up for a night game!  Not cool, however, is watching your team lose after Yu Darvish strikes out 14, not cool!
4	I often comment that Phoenix only has pro sports teams so all the transplants can go see their hometown teams come play here once a year. I also comment that, while not all Dodger fans are violent criminals, all violent criminals are Dodger fans. Both statements are accurate.The stadium, which I refuse to refer by the title name of a bailed out bank, is new and, while I appreciate older stadiums and outdoor arenas, the fact of the matter is that I want to be comfortable if I am going to a baseball game. Could it be better, absolutely. Is it a generic ballpark with faux bricks and highlights mainly regarding the history of 'the game'? Yes. But, hey, it is what it is. Ball games are expensive and that's what you get when you go.I like that it is off the rail, the stadium is well-laid out, and the climate is controlled. I just wish they would put some local restaurants in place of their generic concession stands. The food is just horrible and that would be a huge upgrade for them. But so would another World Series title.
5	Our staduim is great! I've sat in $200 seats and in $10 seats, and both in the last month. No matter where you are the view is great. The fans are great too. Go D-BACKS!BOO MATT WILLIAMS... BOOOOOO!!!!!!The a-hole wouldn't sign my baseball card when I was a little kid and shrugged my off like the a-hole he is. F-ing jerk. I'll never forgive you!Gotta love watching a game in the ac, rooting for the d-backs (and booing Matt Williams).
5	This is an amazing ballpark. If you're looking for wheelchair accessible seats, check out sections 108, 145 and 127. Great views.
5	No complaints here! Really nice field, great options for the kids, lots of drinks to choose from, food selection was outstanding, even surprisingly cheap for a stadium! The retractable roof is great too, as they can ensure that you are comfortable for the duration of a Snakes game! Hope to return.
4	Love this ball park! Top Quality easy to park and get in and out.
5	It's a great stadium for walking around and I love how the view is from any seat. The only minor complaint is how small the crowd was and the steepness of a climb it is if someone wanted to sit in the true nosebleeds. There's decent value in food prices as well.
5	Best MLB stadiums in the entire U.S. with retractable roof.  Great seating too.  Love the AYCE (All You Can Eat) sections for all the soft drinks, water, pop corns and hot dogs, can't beat the price.  Go D-Backs!
5	My first ever MLB game! I'm actually not a baseball fan, but this was great!Huge parking lot next to the stadium for $12, which is average. And we got wicked seats for $18. Right up from first base. They have a pool you can hang out in too. That would have been fun!Great game, Diamondbacks won. And if hey score 6+ runs the entire town gets free tacos from Taco Bell the next day. The stadium is wonderful, tons of bathrooms, retractable roof (which was great as there was a huge sand storm) and lots of of food and beverage options.
4	How do you review a stadium? I don't know, but it's a decent stadium as they go. The upper "nose bleeds" are cheaper, but awful, and so high up and not for the unbalanced to walk up and down. The best seating is on the first level for obvious reasons. It looks like a generic new stadium, a clone of Minute Maid Park in Houston. But hey, it houses a baseball team and there's lots of fun. For fans who get obnoxious, there is an anonymous number you can text to report their seat. AWESOME!!!!
3	***Seeing a baseball game indoors is what makes Chase Field unique and worth a visit; the actual stadium, food and amenities are like some of the more boring new stadiums like Nationals Park and Turner Field***Chase Field was the first indoor baseball stadium I ever visited.  Watching a baseball game indoors definitely has a unique feel.  The stadium sounds different and everything feels closer too.  A lot of these indoor stadiums utilize big windows that provide an inside-but-outside feel that is probably far from what many think they would get with indoor stadiums given the more closed-in stadiums that a lot of people are familiar with like the Astrodome.An indoor baseball stadium is definitely unique and worth a visit though my second experience did not feel as special as my first visit here.  Part of it was just that the uniqueness of being at an indoor stadium kind of wore off.  Another part was that I visited Minute Maid Park after that first trip to Chase Field and Minute Maid Park goes one better than Chase Field by combining the uniqueness of an indoor stadium with a great look that is inspired by the history of Houston.Chase Field has an okay look but just not a special one. There are a few nice touches here and there like the pool in the outfield.  Seating is comfortable too. I felt it was occasionally difficult to track the ball when fly balls were hit.In terms of food, the noticeable advantage of Chase Field is the presence of a value menu.  The value menu features hot dogs, corn dogs, popcorn, soft drinks, and beer (a lot of the items are $1.50 each).  The value can be misleading though.  If you just want to get a taste of something like popcorn, it is a decent deal, but portion sizes for most of these items tend to be small.One of the surprising things about the food at Chase Field is the lack of local (or at the very least) regional food, which so many of the new baseball stadiums feature.  Most of the food at Chase Field is from national (or large) chains like Fatburger, Panda Express, Friday's, and Cold Stone Creamery.Chase Field is not a big stadium so there are not a lot of things to do within the stadium, but it is a nice enough and interesting enough stadium to walk around and explore before the game.Chase Field is a good but not great baseball stadium.  What makes it most interesting is the fact that it is indoors.  In terms of the stadium itself, the food and the things to do, it is more similar to the okay but not that interesting new baseball stadiums like Nationals Park and Turner Field than the great new, attractive and fun stadiums like PNC Park, Busch Stadium and Great American Ballpark.Parking around Chase Field is okay.  Parking rates are not particularly cheap, but you can get close to the stadium and it is not that difficult to get out after the game.
5	Time to update my review...all of the same attributes as my old review apply, but I'm bumping it up one Star, here's why:+ The field level seats (lettered section) are awesome.  They're larger, wider, and the aisles are big...very comfortable.+ If you sit in the letter section, you have food service where you can order food & drink and they take it out to you...yeah!+ Since my last review, I've caught a foul ball thrown to me from the Dbacks dugout, way cool...fulfilled a childhood dream.+ This stadium is just so much more comfortable than others I've been at.Can't wait to get back to a Dbacks game!Return Factor - 100%
1	At game time with the roof closed it was announced that it was 105 outside and 77 inside. Then the roof opened and the side panels opened. Guess what?  It warmed up.  Even the local fans could not figure this one out.
4	This is a great indoor stadium, but the prices have always been ridiculous.  Beers, hotdogs, ice cream, all of it.  However, so is any sporting event these days, and for any stadium i've ever been to, I would say Chase Field is definitely one of the more comfortable.
5	I love Chase Field. It is one of the more family friendly stadiums out there unless we are playing the Dodgers that is. I've been to many games and every seat I've sat in here is good unless you come to a 5pm game and sit along 1st baseline. In that case you better bring some sunglasses for a few innings. Tickets are pretty cheap and there are many food options even for people who are trying to eat for cheap. Parking is a pretty goal deal as well and it is pretty easy to find parking up close. The best bang for your buck seats are along first baseline on the second level a little bit past first base. Just make sure you go to the 7pm games. On the weekdays usually every month there are good promotions such as bobbleheads which is pretty cool. I always had a good time here.
4	I got to see my Reds play here and it's a really interesting park. The seats are very good, the sightlines are great, and there are a lot of family-friendly touches that make the park appealing to folks with kids. The concession lines were brutal, but not any worse than anywhere else. It's not too hard to get in and out.The thing that made my experience less than awesome was the amount of grit in the stadium. It's like the place was built to accumulate grit. I know that Phoenix is in the desert and there's always going to be some grit in the air, but this place was just gritty to an extreme.
2	This park is an eye sore inside and out.  I know it's difficult to have an outdoor park in the middle of an Arizona summer, but at least give the fans a beautiful indoor ball park.  You also need to sit in good seats to enjoy the game.  I've had the luxury of sitting in good seats here, but the whole set up is very confusing.  The games they play between innings are very dumb--except for the Bighead Race (I always root for the Big Unit because he looks funny).Anyway, Chase Field looks ugly when they decide to open the roof and tilt the sponsorship tiles.  Now it looks even worse.The worst part about this ball park--the lack of ATM machines throughout the ball park, and the people who consciously cut in front of you at the concession booths.  What tools!  It reminds me of why I would bother bringing my own food and cash to AT&T Park when I lived in SF.  The escalators here are a joke because people don't know how to walk around here!  People almost got themselves killed on those when I went to the park.I still really like how well air-conditioned this park is.
5	I've been fortunate to attend two seasons of DBacks games since moving to Phoenix. Coming from New York the change is breathtakingly different. There is no such thing as a bad seat! Or a pricey one!The attendants are friendly and eager to help you to your seats. There are copious amounts of places to find beer. There's Happy Hour for goodness sake! Good stuff!PARKINGI find it h-i-l-a-r-i-o-u-s you can park in a parking garage for $12. TWELVE BUCKS. If that's not up to your liking, there are ample street lots in the area for ten bucks, just be prepared to walk a bit. Be sure to bring CASH!FOODThere is a diversity of food options in house. You can opt to have food delivered to your seats, depending on where you're seated. Alternatively, you can place an order ahead and save yourself the wait time of a longish line.That being said, feel free to explore the immediate vicinity for some amazing pre-game specials. The Phoenix community goes out of their way to make everyone feel welcome!BATHROOMSThere are plenty of them. They're clean! I love you DBacks for this very reason. 'nuff said.(Also, I appreciate the Montero bobblehead very much. I DID take it out of the box tho!)If you're a season ticket holder (or are friends with one!) the DBacks have an awesome sleepover event. No joke! For a nominal ticket fee you can pack a sleeping bag and camp on the field! Swim in the pool! And watch an away game on the big screen. NEAT!Nice stadium!
4	Great baseball experience!!
3	Like many baseball fans, closed roof stadiums feel strange.  They make the field feel unnaturally small.  However, I'm certainly not gonna argue with the comfortable mid-70s temperate inside, especially in the middle of summer.  I will say that intimate feel to the stadium does work to the advantage of visitors here because Chase was designed as a indoor baseball stadium.  Unlike places like the Metrodome, you feel much closer to the action as a tradeoff for that weirdness.The food options okay.  There's the Fridays in center left and all the concourses have an assortment of stands selling standard ballpark fare and some franchise fast food.  I have yet to find any must-try food items.  However, the food isn't too pricey (for a major league ballpark), so definitely a plus there.Like other sports arenas in the Phoenix area, Chase Field has that kind of anonymous 90s mall feel to it (read: very, very beige).  The main concourse is a swath of concrete and sedona red paint and banners.  The staff here is very friendly, as are the fellow Dbacks fans.  (Really, the only bad times at Chase is when the Dodgers and ashamedly my fellow Giants fans invade.  Thanks for giving California fans a reputation for being assholes, folks)Tickets to Dbacks games have tended to be pretty affordable throughout the year, so they provide a great value.  Seats are comfortable.  Views throughout the park are great.  I've also never had a problem bringing some small snacks or a backpack.  Parking nearby is pretty cheap - there are usually lots in walking distance for $5 - and the Valley Metro drops you off and picks you up just a block or two away.  A place to watch some quality baseball, eat some nachos, and get out of the scorching Arizona summer sun for about $20-30 a person?  Seems petty to criticize too much.
5	Dbacks vs. Dodgers game earlier this year. This is for the out of towners. The heat in Arizona is no joke, it is so hot! Dry heat. However this stadium has the lovely luxory of being both indoor/outdoor with air conditioning. It's a beautiful stadium, extremely clean, concessions are cheap compared to most MLB Stadiums, the employees were all equally friendly. We sat in really amazing seats, field box seats which were really cool. However there was this wierd older cougar-like lady sitting right next to me who made all sorts of weird comments, and wouldn't shut up about knowing the baseball players. Very annoying when someone else interferes with your experience. If you want to check out the stadium entirely, pay the ten bucks for the tour. They take you around the whole stadium and you get to go to VIP areas, you see the baseball players and sometimes they stop and give autographs, you get to go in the dugouts, it's truly worth the price and a nice experience.Parking: buy it online save $5 bucks.
4	Always a lot of fun! It's a little spendy, though, so bring some money. Also, bring cash. The only places worth parking are going to charge you and they only take cash!
4	Cool Ballpark. Seen several games here. Even better when my Dodgers are in town to rock the place. Dodger Blue!
4	It was a hot Sunday afternoon in downtown Phoenix. Really, we drove one part of town and it was deserted.  Then we got closer to Chase Field and we found people all over the place! This was the only thing going on in town and that is a DiamondBacks baseball game. So we decided to join the party. Coincidently the Dodgers were in town to play here and were L.A. people, I'm not a Dodgers fan, but I am a fan of the game. Ticket rates here that day were cheap we got seats at high mid-level tier near the foul pole. The seating angles got us a good view of the diamond and back field. The concession corridors is almost similar to Angels Stadium. We did enjoy the game here with our beers and garlic fries. The garlic fries they sell here were greasy and garlicky! It didn't matter because they were very tasty. The swimming pool on right center field is pretty cool. The only thing I find awkward is watching a baseball game indoors, when there is a fly ball it kinda throws off tracking the ball flight a little bit because of the lighting. Overall nice ballpark. I know Phoenix weather is high temperatures and watching a game indoors does help due it's stadium's retractable roof. By the way the Dodgers won that game.
5	Beautiful stadium from the outside.  The blocks surrounding Chase are easy to maneuver.  The baseball experience is one to always remember.
3	Either eat before you come or bring your own. This ballpark still doesn't have good food. I can't wait until they have decent food like other ballparks around the league.
5	Opening Day 2014!  You can feel the excitement in the air!  Love coming out to support my D-Backs!  I wish we had gotten opening day t-shirts like years past but oh well!  Let's do this D-Backs!
5	I really love Chase Field and I attended opening day this year with my wife and three month old. I've been to Chase Field many times before but it's my first time yelping it.I was really impressed when I first arrived to the field the staff was friendly and even told me to go to guest services in section 128 on the main concourse, so my daughter could get a "my first D-Back game" certificate signed by Baxter the bobcat. I thought that was a nice souvenir.Once we got into the game the facilities looked very clean and maintained, which was expected on opening day. Staff was helpful in getting me and my family to our seats. I don't think that there is a bad seat in the whole ballpark to include or seats, which were in section 318 (nose bleeds).D-Back fans are pretty laid back much like me, so everyone was friendly and talkative. The two tickets I bought for the game were $48, but that included a voucher for two hotdogs and two sodas. Apparently this offer is available for every home game.Inevitably my daughter needed to be changed mid game and I was pleasantly surprised to find that Chase Field offers family restrooms that were very clean.The experience I had opening day was awesome and I would definitely be back for many years to come.Go DBACKS!
1	I love baseball.  And I love visiting baseball stadiums.  This is the worst baseball stadium I've ever visited.  It was a beautiful 85 degree day today and they had the roof closed.  Is feels like a giant airplane hanger.  So.  Boring.
5	Great field. I love the value deals.  They offer $4 beers and $1.50 food items.  Plus, no matter how hot the desert heat gets, the whole place is air conditioned.  I came in my Dodgers gear and everyone was very friendly, despite the fact that we swept the DBacks.  They have a great area for children.  My wife took our son during the game and he loved it.  Also, the kids got to run the bases after the game.  Overall, it was a great experience. I will definitely be coming back.  Thank you AZ.
4	Awesome stadium that can be converted from an outdoor stadium to an indoor one with AC (only in Arizona!).  Diverse choices of food for the games that are decent. Can never leave a game without getting a traditional hot dog.Always check it out when the mets are in town to play :)
5	I love baseball.  I love this field!  I've been to a good number of ball parks, but none have excelled in so many areas:  overall appearance, convenience, friendliness of ALL staff, good (& fairly affordable) food!We were visiting from San Francisco Bay Area and were really impressed.  Parking was easy & cheap! Restaurants were plentiful! We even received free bottled waters & popcorn from Hard Rock Cafe on the way there that we were able to bring in! (Thanks HRC!) For the cost of our tickets, we got a terrific game at a beautiful venue, zombie night entertainment & fireworks! Way to go Dbacks!  Love it!
3	Nice field and you have to like the fact that they have a pool in the stadium.  Unfortunately when the dome is closed you kind of feel like you are watching a baseball game in a mall.  I still like the feel of being at a ballpark over this but it is phoenix after all.
4	Enjoyed a fantastic evening in a private suite at Chase Field. The food was unexpectedly amazing. I knew the suite was expensive so you should get something decent. It was on par with a fine restaurant in terms of presentation, quality and service. We had exotic fruit, prime rib, fine wine etc. The food was served in silver chaffing dishes. The furniture was high quality upholstery and we had a private restroom. Definitely the way to watch the game.
5	I love this ballpark.  Nestled in downtown Phoenix.  US Airway arena across the street.  The rail runs past it.  The area is very clean and alive, especially on game day.  Parking is not hard to find and is pretty reasonable.  My favorite lot is about 1 block away and costs $7 to park in.  The lot is fenced in and secure.  Getting out after the game is easy.  The streets are blocked off and the police guide you fairly effortlessly through downtown.  The park itself is awesome.  My favorite spot is the RF bleachers.  Just something about that area we love.  Plus you can buy tickets that include a dog and a drink for $25 after all fees and stuff.  I try and sit as close to the field as we can.  Tonight we sat up at Friday's Front Row on the balcony.  I prefer to sit in the crowd.  The game is more involving and the people are way more entertaining.   The vendors are usually pretty good and will make small talk or tell some jokes.   They opened the roof tonight and it was quite enjoyable.  Their were fireworks after the game too.  I recommend catching a game here if you get the chance.  The DBacks are not playing well so far this year, and are even worse at home for some reason.
5	We love this ballpark. It's conveniently located in downtown Phoenix close to the freeways. The retractable roof is a great feature of this park. No matter the weather, it's always comfortable inside!
3	The skinnyThis park is great and when u familiarize yourself with the rules it can be a great time for all, first most people still can't believe that you can bring your own food home cooked and packaged correctly as well as any major restaurant I usually stop by and pick up some food before I go to save on money but when I don't they have great selection of food a bit overpriced but to each his own. The staff consists of older people that check ur tickets and check you to your seats some are nice and some are rude such is life I'm there for the game not to mingle. I have sat pretty much everywhere at this park including the suites and all areas even nosebleeds give a decent view. There is also a guy who sells bottle water and other snacks for kids and adults right by the 7th st I would recommend I have left during game when I wanted some peanuts and walking outside saved me 5$ so more than worth the travel time. If you don't have tickets I recommend speaking with the gentleman outside as they have reasonably prices tickets if your not afraid of haggling (I'm haggle the horrible) The bad They open up the roof during day games sometimes and it's a nightmare especially where I like to sit even a 80 degree day in the sun can feel like 100. I also don't like the fact that you can't bring in your own drinks other than water even if it is sealed, but that's been in place since I was a young lad so I'm not to mad about it. Hope this helps.
3	Oversized ballpark for a team in the desert. Had the DBat $25 dog and my friends lived it, i thought it wasn't so.great but i think i got a bad batch. We bought $5 tix and sat 20 rows up behind fittest base. GO REDS
5	The most fan friendly team in baseball. Very easy to make a cheap game here. 1.50 hotdogs, corn dogs, pop, and popcorn. 5 dollar college nights a few times a year. And they always have a way to get some free swag! I back we back the Dbacks
5	There is nothing like cheering for the home team and the Arizona Diamondbacks have a home here at Chase field. The re-tractable roof is amazing. They're able to cool it and make it extremely comfortable even on a very hot day. There are some local food options inside the park as well. I think the Diamondbacks do about the best in the MLB of fan appreciation.
5	It is another season and the value beers are still $4, so anytime the cheap prices on beer don't get raised, that is worthy of a celebration. The sightlines are mostly good from all parts of the park and anytime you can get entry into a Major League game for five bucks is great. (see the guy on his bike at 7th and Lincoln). Usually park for free, but paid $4 this time - too hot too walk far to save only that amount. Go during the week as only 15K showed up to see the Brewers and those five buck seats turned into field level seats real easily.
5	Never happier than here. Pure bliss. Great ticket prices, great food prices, great food choices. Fun for kids. Open for batting practice. Best team! Go DBacks!
5	This has to be one of the best ballparks ever. I love that it is air conditioned and that they will open the roof and still air condition the place. There isn't a bad seat in the house and there are tons of dining options. Try the 18inch corndog and fries if you have a group of people. Certain seats qualify for a $1.00 add on which gets you a medium drink and hot dog or subway sub. This is a great deal as a hot dog and a soda is $7 alone. Parking is super and close, cheap and really easy to get in and out of.
4	I've been to 19 major league parks and this is up there, just not a full five rating. It is Phoenix, so I guess it can't be helped, but I for sure enjoy the games a lot more when the roof is open. It takes a little away from the game when you're sitting inside.As a dad, I love what it has to offer for kids! The Sandlot is always a part of our visits, and ways to get the kids in for free.No major league parks are cheap but I think this and Anaheim are two of the more affordable venues in the big leagues. Good and beer choices are ok but I like it when the local economy is supported by bringing their products in.The staffers and the cops are all pretty nice. I do think a person should be able to move up a few rows by the end of a game if no one is using the seats. That's a rule that gets enforced a little too often here.I am a lover of the game and this is a pretty decent place to watch it happen...especially if the roof is open and I have a Camelback IPA in my hand , and the Dbacks are winning!
3	My family and I were flying in to Phoenix to visit the Grand Canyon for the week. I'm an avid sports fan, so coming from South florida we realized the Marlins were going to be in town. Without a doubt we decided to make some time to catch an afternoon game. Chase field is one of the newer ball parks and it is pretty nice. If I had to say that they were well known for something here, it would be their cheap draft beers and food. The hotdogs, even though they're rather small they're only a $1.50. You could easily feed the family for under $40. The one main gripe is that this place isn't spectacular. It's just a nice looking ball park with generic cheap food. All in all it was just an average ball park.
5	Holy Moly what a great venue. Open or closed this stadium is quite possibly the best I've ever been to. It should be on everyones bucket list. Tickets are a deal because the team is fairly new. It's a great thing to wrap into a trip out west. Gotta make it back for a game where the roof is open!
5	Open Air and Air Conditioned .... What a Great Stadium Grab your friends and kids and take a tour of Chase Field.  You won't regret it.  Other than the groundskeepers and your tour guide, you will have the field to yourselves.  It's so much fun and it's reasonably priced. Adults are just 7 dollars and kids are only 3.Chase Field is definitely unique with its  dbTV, large video scoreboards, and my favorite the  retractable roof to keep us baseball fans comfortable during the heat of the summer.   The pool in right field, numerous restaurants, including Friday's Front Row sets Chase field above the rest.So take a tour and see what Chase has to offer.
5	Kenneth always takes the time to look out for your business as well as an encourager for your success
5	I think this place is great. We'll jump on the light rail, head down for a game, and it's all relatively painless. The ball park is always nice and clean and you can get some pretty good deals on tickets. The whole family loves going and we are certainly not avid baseball fans.I don't think anybody could go wrong coming to a game and checking it out.
4	200 section is on the carpeted concourse.  Love that!!  Do not buy drinks at the Audi lounge.  Order from your seat - you'll save a few bucks.  Bathrooms are clean and air is comfortable.  Parking is a breeze - a lot of lots to choose from close to the stadium and range from $5 - 10.  We paid $7 and walked into the stadium about a block away.  Love this stadium and will return MANY times!!
5	The staff was super friendly & polite. Paul at the concessions remembered me and my friend and our orders. He also remembered the guys behind us. Great bartender and makes you feel welcome at the ball park. Prices are a little steep for beers. It's $11.50 for the larger bottles. They do offer $4 value beer but it's a light beer in a smaller cup. I prefer a higher gravity so it was nice to have a local Camelback IPA available. Not losing a star because of beer prices. It's to be expected at any ball park.
5	Great night out for the entire family!
5	Fantastic venue for a game - especially as a visiting team fan.Dbacks are our National League team now!
4	Reserve the pool area for 35 guests early in the year. The catering was excellent.
4	Great place to catch a game. Stay cool in the summer when the roof is closed and the A/C is on. Also, some of the most reasonable concession prices in baseball--it's a fact, google it.
5	I've been to several major league parks around the U.S. and really like this one cause it's well-laid out & clean. It's a nice design that captures the industrial era / baseball thing while incorporating modern amenities too. Food is decent cuz lots of choices but would like to see list of options (maybe on ticket or kiosk guides) & a few local small biz offerings too. Beer prices decent. Fans are laid back & cool. Best of all is staff, who are very nice in a sincere, non-corporate way.  Really enjoy games here.
5	Although I want to eventually visit all 30 MLB parks across America, I've only been to 5 including this one.  Compared to the others, I've probably seen more games here (at least recently) than any of the others except for the Big A in Anaheim years ago.My favorite thing about this stadium is the ability to walk completely around the entire playing field to see it from various angles and distances.  This is particularly attractive if you get tired of sitting in one spot for two plus hours.  It's just an interesting addition to an already fan friendly ball park.Getting to and from CF is usually pretty easy.  There is plenty of parking and the Phoenix PD does an excellent job of directing traffic.  Getting tickets is likewise easy, especially this season since they are in next to last place in their division.  I've been there when they've been playing well and it's exciting to be a part of the hoopla.  This past Sunday's game had the lowest attendance I've seen in the 15 plus years I've been attending games.  It was easy and inexpensive to secure tickets.  I actually paid under face value for field level seats.I also like the variety of food and drink offerings here.  You can get a cocktail or a relatively cheap beer - - - a steak or a simple hot dog.  All food is stadium priced which means it's expensive, unnecessarily so but that's the way it is.  If you want to save a buck, I suggest you purchase cold bottled water, peanuts and hot dogs outside the gates because they are all less than half of the cost inside.The stadium is located in downtown Phoenix across the street from the U.S. Airways Center where the Suns play basketball.  It's safe especially during events and there are always plenty of police and security around watching things.If you're wanting to see as many MLB parks like me and your in Arizona, this is one that is easily accessible by car or light rail (which stops right near the entrance).  It has a moveable roof which is usually closed during the hot summer days so it's very comfortable inside compared to the scorching outdoors heat.
3	Impressive facility on the inside, but the ceiling was leaking during a monsoon.
4	Went for a D-backs game and was pleased with the overall experience. The place looked pretty clean and there were some good deals for food, albeit at baseball field prices!
5	I had a great time at the diamondbacks game. The stadium was awesome the tickets were cheap and it wasn't crowded at all. They have awesome bars inside the stadium with a great view of the field and pool tables and baggo.
3	I don't care what they say.  It was plenty hot in there.I have been to exactly one game, and I was not overly impressed.  The rows of seats in the upper decks were so steep that I felt like I was going to fall forward and hit my head on the field.Walking through the hallways and rows of concession stands, the speakers are blasting advertisements so loudly that I could not hear the person next to me.The food was very inexpensive, but very overpriced.  In other words, terrible.  I'd rather pay inflated prices and get something decent to eat.The franchise is obviously struggling to pay the bills.  Low attendance, cheap give-aways, and cheesy promotions between most innings that made me feel embarrassed to be there.  It was like being at a minor league game.  The way the night went, as far as all of the distractions in the stadium, it didn't seem like anyone was actually watching the game.I felt bad for the players.
5	Came here in 2010 for a tour and game while WWE was in town for WrestleMania 26 and all I can say is WOW! This field looks amazing. Went down into the dugout during the tour and can say I am amazed at how beautiful the stadium looks.The parking here is fairly easy to find considering how big crowds can be at MLB games. Food is what you'd expect. Stadium food with the exception of steaks. I couldn't believe you could get a good steak at the ballpark here.If you're in Phoenix and want to see some MLB action Chase Field is definitely a great venue to see a game at.
5	My daughter and I went to Chase Field to watch the Diamond Backs play against the Padres.  For $102.50 each, we had prime seats with access to Audi Quatro restaurant/bar.  The entire baseball stadium is air-conditioned!  My daughter was concerned about getting sunburned, but that was not an issue as the roof completely blocked the sun.Impressively constructed.  Pick up water bottles (3 for $5) from the neighboring vendor.
5	BASEBALL= greatest sport ever invented, and chase field is the neatest stadium I've been to yet. Going to a game on a 115 degree day without keeling over is possible here with the retractable ceiling shut, and as the night gets cooler, they open it up. I got a huge (22oz?) beer here for about 12 bucks, and split the huge DBack dog with a few people, this thing is gigantic!! I think it was around 25.00 but for the size of it, I thought that was a great deal. Also got a few bags of cotton candy, and the concession guys were nice to fill up my friends water bottle:) . It's really nice inside, and will have to check out the pool suite seats next time:)
5	I love chase field and I love baseball games if its a team I enjoy watching like the dodgers ( i am a proud dodgers fan) and the giants when they come in to town.  I love the atmosphere I LOVE the kettle corn and I love garlic fries.  I have yet to try the 18in corn dog with all the bacon cheese and jalapenos.  I refuse to eat that by myself because I could see that as practically being deadly in the sense of going into a deep food a coma and or getting severe stomach issues.  I like that if you are in a pinch and don't have much to spend on food there, you can get something off the value menu for a dollar.  What I do NOT like about this place is if you sit in certain areas with a visiting teams esp the dodgers and sit in the wrong section you might be discriminated against and are told supposedly to wear something else or worse.  That is not okay for a business.  The whole point of going to a baseball game is to root for the team you are a fan of. Just because its a Dbacks stadium does not mean you have to wear Dbacks stuff or only like the Dbacks.  Arizona drives me crazy for this reason to damn prideful for no reason.
5	LOVE the business at chase field. They ushers are always so kind and sweet. There is a cash beer vendor near our seats in 304 and he is very accommodating and also hilarious. Are recently at the AZ Baseball Club and had a great time (server Derek was excellent) -- overall super impressed
5	Who doesn't love baseball?! The stadium itself is always clean, even the bathrooms, and looks inviting. The prices are relatively low for concessions compared to other stadiums. I love the option to hit the Diamond Club for free with any ticket purchase. Personally, I stick to Friday's Front Row for a great view, good food and friendly service.
5	We went to the Dbacks/Padre game on Sunday and had a great time. We had awesome seats behind home plate. The seats in that section have a lot of leg room and come with a server. Our server was very nice. Got the We Go Back cocktail and it was very very yummy. I love the Stadium. Bathrooms are clean, food is awesome and prices not bad.
4	I'm not a baseball lovin fool and I thought for sure this season I would be able to get by without seeing a game, but somehow I got suckered into attending a game. Saw the Dbacks play and kick some Padres butt, it as a great game! This was my 1st time actually at Chase field watching the game; I normally wind up at some spring training games. So I have to say I was impressed with the stadium it was hotter than hell outside, but inside it was beautifully air condition. There are tons of places to pick to eat at, I'm sure even the pickiest of eaters would find something they like, for me I was there for the hot dog and cotton candy baby! I had a great time, its hard not too when the fans are full of smiles and cheers, shoot they did the wave like 6 times in a row. It was a good time for sure! Even if you're not a baseball lovin fool, go see a game, I can guarantee you will have a fun time too!
4	We love watching Diamondbacks games here.  The facility has a roof that closes so on hot summer days the stadium can be air conditioned.All seats have a good view and the tickets range from affordable for a family to the mid one hundred range.They also have a value menu if you are right on money or a starving student.
5	Paul Simon said it best - "the cross is in the ballpark".  Inded it feels lime hallowed ground where the Diamonbacks beat the Yankees..  Always good to have a hot dog, a beer and root for the home team.  It's a terrific place for dates and families.   All American fun and it is so nice to have a local team
2	Unless you have cash you'll be drinking Budweiser, which is available at almost all concessions that take debit/credit cards. The Vendors that have better beer take cash only. Seems ridiculous to me in this day and age especially in a ball park. I can understand the vendors that serve you at your seat taking cash only but not at the counter! Also $9.75 for a 40 oz budweiser for a  team with a winning percentage for the past three season's of .465 seems way too steep.  Should be giving it away to keep fools in the seats. 1 beer and an order of chicken strips was $20.30. 4 beers was $40 for a team in the cellar. No hurry to go back. Nice venue however top knotch, you just need to take out a second mortgage to take a family of four. $272 day including the $12 parking. I'll gladly pay that for a winning team and would expect it.
1	DEAR D'acks Oganization,Very frustrated with our families' experience happening RIGHT NOW at the Chase Field.  Sitting in 206 with food service at the seats only to have yet to see our server (it is top of the 4th inning right now with about 13,000 in attendance).  So at the bottom of the 1st inning we ventured out to get food for the family.  After waiting in line for about 25 minutes we ordered about found out that about 1/3 of our order was not available - THEY WERE OUT IN THE 2nd INNING.  So we ordered what we could and waited another 30 minutes for the food to make its way out.  It did and then we found out they were out of condiments (keep in mind, this was in the club level).  In sum, by the time we got back to our seats, our food was cold and we are very unhappy.  This last weekend was supposed to be for fan appreciation and I don't feel very appreciated right now.  We love our Diamondbacks but I can't help but feel incredibly disappointed right now.  Our family has been season ticket holders and if this is what is to be expected as a fan experience,  you can count us out.
4	Hard to believe the home of the Diamondbacks has now eclipsed 15 years in existence.  In modern ballpark terms thats almost ancient.  Its still a great place to catch a ballgame and getting a seat for any game isn't hard.  Particularly during a hot brutal summer when most of the sports world is quiet, a Diamondbacks game at Chase is a great escape as they close the retractable roof and blast the air conditioning to make it feel like spring inside.  And it remains the very first domed sporting venue in the world to use real grass.  Not everything about this place is perfect, but there are certainly more positives than negatives.  A quick rundown of the good and the bad:The Good:-A retractable roof that allows for outdoor baseball during good weather and a close roof during bad weather.  Vitally important during the summer when the mercury soars.  That said a number of night games during the summer will have the roof open as the air conditioning will keep it comfortable inside even if its in the upper 80s/low 90s outside-Good views from pretty much every seat.  Each upper deck seat, outfield seat, and even restaurant seat has a near perfect view of the field so there really isn't a bad seat in the house-Plenty of concession stands on every level selling the ballpark basics (hot dogs, beer, nachos, pretzels, soda, etc.).  Sometimes the lines can get long if one or more of the concession booths sell a specialty item (Cold Stone Ice Cream, Smashburger, mexican food, etc).  But overall there's a good variety to choose from throughout the ballpark-There are actually some relatively affordable single game ticket options.  In fact most of the upper deck and lower outfield seats are $25/person or less.  Compared with other ballparks, thats pretty cheap for those same seats.The Bad:-Concession prices are (not surprisingly) outrageous.  One time a date of mine got a small salad.  Price?  $12.  Another friend of mine got a cup of local microbrew beer.  Price?  $11.  Still another of my friends got a regular Hamburger and fries from the Smashburger stand.  Price?  $11.  TGI Fridays has a restaurant in the left outfield area with standards TGI Friday's fare.  The price?  About 3 times what you'd pay at a normal Friday's.  Catch my drift?  Food prices are ludicrous.-As easy as it is to get seats, it can oftentimes feel pretty empty in there.  The TV watching experience has made it to where local baseball fans don't goto as many games as in the past, meaning Chase rarely ever sells out anymore.  Next time Chase gets an overall, they need to reduce capacity to make it feel less abandoned in there.  My suggestion?  Widen the seats and reduce the number of seats from 49,000 to 35,000.  That's in line with alot of the newer parks out there today.-The bathrooms could use some updates and be better maintained.  I can't speak for the women's restrooms, but three things about the men's rooms stand out.  No privacy walls for the urinals, not nearly enough faucets, and no air dry mechanisms.  Plus it seems the staff never maintains them to where its a disaster in there by the 6th inningOverall the D'Backs organization does a pretty good job keeping Chase in good working condition.  Its a family friendly venue with lots of areas to explore.  They do a good job updating food and entertainment options each season to stay on the cutting edge.  And its centrally located downtown and easily accessible via the light rail.  I usually goto 3 or 4 games a year here and plan to continue doing so for the foreseeable future.  Great place for a date, a family outing, or if you're just a passionate baseball fan.  And yes, you can get your peanuts and crackerjacks.
3	On my visit to Phoenix I couldnt handle the heat but I made it to the stadium.I wasnt impressed by the stadium it felt like I was watching a baseball game inside of a giant airplane hangar.For a baseball fan I was disappointed.
4	Chase Field is a pretty spectacular ballpark!I visited Chase Field for the first time last week for a non-baseball related event and have to admit I was really impressed, this is one clean ball yard. The event I attended was held in the Audi Club located on the Suite level of the park overlooking the field itself and offered magnificent views. The Full sized bar kept the crowd in high spirits throughout the evening. I was able to get down to the field itself for a brief glimpse which only made me wish that I was attending a game all the more and I cannot wait to return to Chase Field for some beer and baseballl.
5	A great place to bring people to show them sports at Phoenix. Wonderful atmosphere.
3	Always a fun place!!Service lacks at most of the food places!  It's a Athletic venue, bring extra money - everything is exspensive!25.00 cheep seats!  Yahoooooo
5	I've been to many stadiums and I have to say that Chase Field is definitely in my top 5! As a resident of downtown I know that I can rely on the Diamondbacks and Chase Field as entertainment and an escape from the blistering summer heat. You can't beat an air conditioned stadium, and trust me it is absolutely necessary here! I prefer to sit Club Level near the Audi Club. The seating is open and comfortable and there are bars, food stands, and lounges throughout the level. Typing about this is making me crave a hot dog and a beer right now! Baseball season can't come soon enough...
4	I have been to about 20 games at this park even though I don't live in Phoenix, but travel there a lot for business.  The place doesn't really have a bad seat in the house for watching baseball.  The food is pretty decent and you can find some healthy food in the place if you don't want to do the typical baseball park food.  I have been there for the drubbing by the Rockies back in 2007 during the NLCS, which makes the park a better place to be in.  I highly recommend that you go to a game at this place even if the Diamondbacks are not that good.I also did a baseball tour back in September of 2014 and I highly recommend it as you learn a lot about the park.  The price is like $10 a ticket.
5	I love this ballpark up to date and beautiful and the best MLB park I've ever been to.
