5	I just experienced a wonderful meal at this establishment. I would say there was a mid-century modern flair to the establishment, with an extremely classy twist. Our server was a gentleman by the name of Eric Baily, and I use the term gentleman loosely...kidding of course, as this man had a great sense of humor, and would truly appreciate a joke as such. He was amazingly attentive.  Our table was also assisted by many other staff members throughout the meal, who were also very helpful and attentive. Everyone was definitely friendly, and seemed excited about the restaurant and what they had to offer. We also spoke with a bar manager for a bit, Luciana, I may have spelt that wrong :(. She had a radiant personality.  They offer a great cocktail and wine list. We tried a key lime martini...yum, and they had Duckhorn Decoy by the glass, for a respectable price...so I had to try it. The bar is beautiful, several stories in height, layered with a beautiful collage of bottles. There was a great open air feel to the restaurant, yet it still maintained a  wonderful level of intimacy. Then of course comes the food, solid, simple, and of high quality. Judging from my one experience...that seems to be what they are going for. We had a chilled lobster cocktail and oysters on the half shell for starters. Seriously...amazing oysters...I am in the middle of the desert....eating amazing oysters. The lobster was also great. For our mains we had a steak that came out on a 400 degree plate, hot as can be....I know because I touched it, even after I was warned not to ;P Perfect med rare...perfect med rare for sure. My lady had a crab cake dish... a little ballsy to order such a thing coming from living outside of Maryland for some time. Yet...it was much success...top notch fresh crab meat. I guess you gotta thank modern times and next day air, cause everything we tried was super fresh and very tasty. Again, dishes were very simplistic...but with fresh flavors such as that, you'd only be doing an injustice by masking it with complex levels of flavors.
5	Mastro's Ocean Club is a gem that you cannot miss next time you're on the Strip.  Located in the newly designed City Center, just look for the beautifully designed "tree house", which hangs high above the ultra chic boutiques in Crystals that only the richest of the rich can actually shop in.  Be sure to request a table inside the tree house...it's where all the cool kids sit. Mastro's is not cheap, but then again, nothing in Vegas is.  In any case, it's worth every penny because the food is outstanding.  I started off with a very rich and tasty New England Clam Chowder.  For my entree, I went with the porcini mushroom crusted sea bass with fried spinach.  It was light but delicious!! Perfect for lunch.  For the side dish, what else but the lobster mashed potatoes! I'm not talking about lobster flavored mashed potatoes.  No, no, not at Mastro's.  I'm talking about over a pound of lobster mixed in the mashed potatoes.  It was soooo good and was big enough that all four of us could enjoy it with plenty to spare.  Although we were happily stuffed, our waiter brought out their signature butter cake with fresh whipped cream on the side for dessert; with his compliments (a very nice touch, which only further highlighted the tremendous service that we had during our entire meal). I highly recommend getting this dessert no matter how full you are. We all loved it.I should note that the cocktails were also great.  Make sure you get one of their signature martinis, which comes with dry ice on the bottom of the glass that makes the drink bubble and emit smoke.  Pretty cool. Although I was able to get a table for four for lunch on a Saturday with ease through OpenTable, that won't last long because the restaurant only opened up 2 weeks ago and the buzz is still building.  Soon, Mastro's will one of the hottest tables in Vegas so get in while you can.
5	This place is phenomenal.Breathtaking when you walk in... just like then 1st time i walked in to XS the nightclub. Absolutely breathtaking.I had the bone in filet mignon. It was cooked perfectly!!! but honestly it really needs sauce. not the type of steak you can eat by itself. maybe next time ill try ribeye. But with sauce its good.SEAFOOD TOWER WAS INCREDIBLE!!!! Lobster Cocktail & Oysters were great. They use blue point oysters.Lobster Mash was good.For Dessert, the CHOCOLATE PUDDING CAKE WAS THE BEST!!!! Very similar to a Chocolate Lava Cake. Outstanding.I love this place. Its so beautiful and it really represents living the good life!!! Service is great. They have like 5 people waiting on your table, bread person, server, drink person. everything. Great great service.Seating was quick. Probably because City Center is new. I am enjoying it though & i am not looking forward to when this place gets packed. LOVE IT!!! GOTTA TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE EXCLUSIVITY WHILE IT LASTS!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Got to freeload a meal at Mastro's last week. Been to all the Mastro's restaurants except the thousand oaks location so i'm very familiar with their food. a little surprised by the bar area - kinda small felt a little claustrophobic . Asked for a michelob ultra - sorry , we ran out ...on a tuesday ?!?!? the restaurant is cool looking but i don't need our waiter to babble on about who designed it, how much was spent, blah blah blah Let's focus on the food. Started with the seafood tower - solid . Of course, the pretzel bread - still my fav pretzel bread though CUT gives Mastro's a run for the $$$. I went for the meat - Bone in rib eye, some creamed spinach and asparagus. Of course, my fav, the blue cheese/oil oil and garlic sauce for the steak ( pic ) ...decent but not to the level of the mastro's in B. Hills and Costa Mesa . The rib eye was also average - the talk about the plate being 400 degrees when it's brought to you - i think they needed to add the 400 degrees to the broiler - i ordered medium but it was rare. more bothersome, it didn't have that nice outer sear bordering on crunch - it was too soft ! flavor was decent. Some nice pinot noir wines - even though the host gave me the wine list to order, i showed restraint - a Laetitia from Paso Robles and a forgotten Oregon - both under $90 each
5	Delicious! We came for "Linner" and I just wish I was hungrier! At Morel's in the Palazzo, we met the most amazing waiter and totally chatted it up with him. He let us know that he also works at Mastro's Ocean Club so we also had to go visit him there...This restaurant is gorgeous to look at and basically looks like a tree house with the Crystal's shopping area of City Center. It's gorgeous!We started with amazing cappuccinos in the bar area since our favorite waiter, Dion, was not quite ready yet. I noticed that a cocktail that one girl in the bar was drinking was "smoking"... I think they put dry ice in it for effect!When we were seated for lunch, we ordered the fried onion strings as an appetizer and the escargot. The bread including "pretzel bread" was a great appetizer too. The onion string serving size was HUGE and could have fed about 8 people. The escargot were in amazing sauce that I dipped my bread into afterward! Then, I ordered the Cobb salad that came with a generous serving of huge prawns; it was delicious! He had the sea bass with the light bread crumb preparation and it was also amazing! We also shared the house mashed potatoes that included scallions, bacon, etc mixed in and were rich and delicious. What a fabulous late lunch/early dinner on the way to the airport! It was tough to leave Vegas after an amazing meal like that though!
5	Amazing! Incredible treehouse setting, stupendous service and great food. Las Vegas has a new jewel high atop the rather dull Crystals shopping center at the dreary City Center. I can't tell you how wonderful the entire experience dining at Mastro's is--it's magical. Go, enjoy and bring your camera and appetite.
4	The food here is pricey, but well worth it. The sides are served family style so you may only need two or three for the whole table. The steaks are perfectly cooked and the cuts of meat are the best of quality.This particular location offers a cool area to sit in if you are fortunate enough to be seated there. It is a pod-like structure that is in the middle of the hotel atrium. It feels very cool and adds to the experience.If you are looking to go big, this is a great place to do it!
5	Hooray pretzel bread!Great steaks and sides, can't go wrong with Mastro's.
5	In less than 3 months, Mastros is already one of the very best steak and seafood restaurants in Las Vegas.A truly gorgeous architectural creation. Don't eat in the bar area; eat in the main room. They call it the "Treehouse"; I call it the UFO (seems more suitable to the Nevada location!)I had the 22 oz bone-in ribeye; charred outside; warm and red inside. Quite deliciious. (Envy's bone-in ribeye is a touch more juicy and succulent however.)The sides: String fries excellent; mac and cheese addictive; mastros mashed potatoes very tasty.Service is friendly and attentive.Wine list is very good, but not mind-blowing.I'd go there soon if I were you, because it won't be long before getting a table will be as challenging as getting super-bowl tickets.A close-to-perfect experience. I just wish they had a local's discount to encourage mid-week action.
5	Great food and service. It was exactly what I expected. We enjoy the Beverly Hills location and wanted to enjoy the same in Vegas. The food was great and service was flawless!
4	Let me preface by saying we're here for the architecture. As such, it's a 5 star "Treehouse" experience in a magnificently creative space. I felt like we were dining in a modern interpretation of a Jack and the Beanstalk tree house above Superman's Fortress of Solitude. Enough imagery, onward to the food review.The sea bass was amazing, the cod was very good; but the blackened halibuts were overdone (even the one we had specified medium rare). We also had crab cakes, a lobster bisque, and a salad - all done very well. Sides of creamed spinach and mushrooms were also on cue.As such,  we made no mention of the less than perfect preparation of the halibut. Yet, a dessert arrived at the conclusion of our dinners, compliments of the house, as if the chef could read our minds. Maybe this is the real Superman's Fortress of Solitude!
4	Went there with the girlfriend before Ka. Got the clam chowder to share, she got the maine lobster (mkt price) and I got the round eye steak. We each got a martini. Clam chowder was ok, we had better at the Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. Maine lobster was a bit overpriced but very fresh. 5 waiters came to take out the shell! Girlfriend was amazedRound eye steak was very  generous. Well cooked, and the outside was pretty crispy despite asking for medium rare. Inside was soft and moist as expected.Got the cream spinach on the side.Martinis were very strong and plentiful. Water melon martini was very good. We definitely started to speak more loudly and laughing for no reason after a few full glasses. Atmosphere overall feels very open, live music is excellent. Waiters were attentive and professional without feeling overwhelmingly present. Girlfriend had a great time so it deserves the 4 stars. Overall, a great experience though a tad pricey, especially the lobster.
4	This is the kind of over the top dining that I like to treat myself to once in a while. Gorgeous white tablecloth service, servers in white sportscoats, beautiful bar. I wish I could have spent 3 hours drinking my way through the meal and probably will allow myself that much time next visit. I had the 12oz bone in filet, it was excellent. Our table ordered the gnocchi & crab as a side dish. Delicious even for $26.  It's a tiny bit awkward that it's in the middle of a massive shopping mall, for this kind of evening I wish I could just put on a nice dress and heels, take a cab and have a doorman open the restaurant door for me instead of trekking through a gi-normous mall up and down escalators to get there. However they make up for it with a cool bar and outstanding service.
5	My new favorite steak and seafood house in Las Vegas. Went again last night and had a magnifcent experience!The manager, Scott, is a terrific guy.Our server, Sylvia, was charming and attentive.And the food...How about a 32 oz bone-in ribeye!! OMG!(I'm just getting out of the hospital now...had my blood cleaned.)It was worth it.That's why Crestor was invented.
5	Wow, what a great dining experience! It was my boyfriends 21st birthday weekend and I wanted to treat him to something special, and special it was. We were seated in the "Treehouse" and our server Lionell was the best, he gave us great recommendations and he was very attentive. We shared an order of the tempura shrimp for an appetizer, I had the twin lobster tails, my boyfriend had the new york strip and we shared a side of the creamed spinach. Wow, wow, wow is all I can say. They also brought out a huge slice of chocolate cake after dinner for my boyfriend, something he wasn't expecting, it was a nice surprise and we both really enjoyed it. The whole experience was great. We will definitely be back, no doubts about that.
4	A couple of weeks ago I went to dinner by myelf at Mastro's Ocean Club, the wooden donut shaped eatery located in the middle of the new Crystal's shopping mall at City Center. It was tempting to fill up on the bread basket filled with pretzel and rye bread sticks, Parmesan crackers, and teardrop sourdough boules, but I restrained myself and saved room for a half order of the Spicy Mambo Salad ($7.99) and the Sauteed Shrimp appetizer ($18.95). Everything at Mastro's is fairly expensive, so these dishes were a great way to test their quality without spending a ton. The Spicy Mambo Salad was essentially a Caesar salad with horseradish in the dressing, and being a huge fan of horseradish, I very much enjoyed it. I always ask for light dressing (or dressing on the side) in less expensive restaurants because more expensive restaurants generally know how to dress a salad properly, and Mastro's was no exception. If anything, the salad bordered on verge of being under-dressed, so if you are a fan of heavy salad dressing, I would ask for extra. The sauteed shrimp were nothing less than wonderful, and hit the spot for my seafood craving. The huge shrimp were cooked just right and served over a broth that tasted like a lobster bisque reduction rich with butter. The cheesy garlic bread croutons absorbed this liquid on one end, but remained crunchy at the other, providing some textural contrast. It was fun to dip all the different kinds of bread from the basket in the sauce as well to see how they each paired differently. Overall it was a really successful dish, and because the shrimp were so plump and the sauce so rich, it was certainly enough for my entree. One item that I might have tried as a side had I been with someone, however, was the lobster mashed potatoes - they looked fantastic. I wasn't too disheartened by not getting them, as I still had a terrific meal that was plenty filling.I wanted to order their signature butter cake dessert, but because it was $14 and I was full by that point, I decided to pass. I'm sure it's enough for two to three people so maybe next time I go and I'm not by myself I'll splurge and get it.
3	Yes I know I am the only person on here to give them 3 stars but please hear me out for my reasoning behind all this. On Saturday, I had made reservations for a party of two at 730PM. When he arrived at 720PM, it was not really busy nor was it a ghost town in there. The hostess stand said it would be a moment as they got our table ready and for us to take a seat at the bar, enjoy a cocktail or two and they will get us. During our 30 minute wait (yes maybe they were short staffed, not ready yet etc.... which I am ok with) they sat multiple tables of walk-in's and a few reservations of small 2-4 tops. (I know this because a few sat at the bar whom we spoke to and others I over heard when I stood by the hostess stand to wait to check on my table. Off to a bad start..... Anyway, we had a nice table overlooking the garden down stairs in the back of the restaurant. All the back-waiters were very prompt and professional with regards to keeping the water glasses full, serving the bread, clearing the table from the right and serving from the left etc... (After working in this industry for years, I get picky about this crap at high end restaurants) The server was pretty on the ball and friendly but a little to relaxed with us. (Yes we are young and eating at a high end restaurant, I am ok with that)On to the food, below is a list of what we ordered and what I thought about it: Calamari App: Lightly breaded with light seasoning. Dipping sauce complimented it very well. Fillet Mignon: Very tender and medium rare is more of rare. But it is better to under cook the steak then burn the hell out of it. VERY TENDER, cut with your fork status. Sea Bass: Parmesan crusted.... a little on the very fishy side for my taste which overcame the rest of the flavorsCream of Spinach: Very creamy and just was not my style. Girlfriend liked it though.Sea salt/vinegar fries: These shoestring cut fries were epic! Yes.... of everything I ate, I was most impressed by the large basket of $10 fries. Warm Butter Cake: Once again.... this was the main reason we went here for my birthday and because the other half loves this dessert more than she loves me. :)Multiple layer chocolate birthday cake: Now to be honest, this was what saved Mastro's from getting the dreadful 2-star rating from me. In my reservation, I had noted "birthday" but no one had seemed to see it. Hell, we even ordered desert and were half way finished with it before they brought out the cake. Personally, did someone at the hostess stand go oops! We need to send a birthday cake over to Table XX immediately even though they already are half way through their dessert? But to be honest, they did and it truly made my otherwise mediocre dining experience in to a pleasant one. Overall Mastros.... maybe I set my expectations to high and I understand, you have only been open for a few months now so maybe all the bugs are still getting worked out. In the words of my girlfriend, it was not as good as the Crystal Cove, CA location yet on par with the one in Costa Mesa, CA. Sounds like I have to try all this again at the Crystal Cove location and compare! Granted.... thanks for the last minute birthday cake. It was nice to see those little comments on Open Table actually mean something.
5	I was on a trip to Vegas on a shopping trip with my mother and my husband demanded that we went to this restaurant.  My mom loved that the restaurant was in a tree-house. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. We both had the petite fillet, cook amazingly to both our liking. We also had the lobster mashed potatoes (amazing as well). unfortunately, we didn't have room for desert, but it a reason to go back! I even got a phone call the next day asking about my experience which makes me feel valued.
5	Went to Mastro's before a show. Scott was our server and was excellent. Had a full dozen oyster's on the half shell which were just out of the ocean fresh and delicious! I ordered Sea Bass blackened and it was melt in your mouth perfect! The lobster mashed were delish as was the house dessert, Warm Butter Cake, served with loads of fresh homemade whipped cream! Servings are large and we all had leftovers. Loved sitting in the treehouse. We do have a few suggestions: The entrance is so boring and the piano is shoved way back in a back corner that you would never notice it. How about putting the piano up front somewhere? Such a wonderful restaurant needs a a better first impression. Also, we had called and asked for a 7:30 reservation and were told it was not available but 8:30 was. That was too late for us to make our show, so reservationist suggested 7. We arrived and were seated at 7 and the restaurant was no more than half full until past 8 pm!! So why couldn't we have come at 7:30 as we first asked? I mentioned this to a manager who approached our table mid-meal  and he said, "Well, sometimes things change." HUH??? Terrible response. Nevertheless, we loved our dinner and the service was fabulous. We can't wait to go back. We're already saving up!
5	We went to Mastro's for my friend's birthday dinner.  We were all impressed with the staff - they were very friendly and accommodating (we were 30 minutes late for our reservation).  Our waiter was attentive and made sure we all had our drinks and that the food was to our liking.  Speaking of the food, we loved EVERYTHING!  A few of us ordered steaks (that were cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth!!)  Some ordered fish and they raved about their dishes.  We shared a variety of sides including asparagus (steamed and sauteed), lobster mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and king crab gnocchi (which was out of this world!!!!!)   Bottom line, it's definitely worth a visit.  We will be going back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Truly enjoyed all aspects of dining here. The dungeness crab was excellent, and our steaks were cooked perfectly. I could probably do without the 400 degree plate. It's Vegas, I really didn't need anything to make the evening warmer. The service was attentive, and the wine selection was nice.  I will definitely stop in at the new location Chicago to sample more of their appetizers and fish selections.
5	Excellent Came here with a party of 30 so I got to sample everything. We reserved their private dining room and it was fantastic. Service was great, the room was perfect because we could be as loud as we wanted, and the food stole the show. Must have....... would be their seafood platter. It's a 3 tier platter that comes with dry ice giving that smoky, cloudy look. It came with oysters, shrimp, king crab legs, and lobster over a bed of shaved ice. The bone in rib eye, bone in Kansas city, and bone in fillet were all perfectly cooked and seasoned. Do not get the fish here. The sea bass was a little overcooked and dry. Then again, why the hell would you order fish at a steakhouse? Lobster mashed potatoes was great but not when this cost more than the entrees. I was told that this dish was featured in Entourage and a few other magazines. We celebrated 8 birthdays so the staff gave us 8 individual desserts which was very nice of them. Their butter cake was to die for. My God that was good. Their bread pudding and apple crisp were also very delicious.
5	I have been to the Mastro's in Los Angeles and when I saw the Ocean Club at the City Center in Las Vegas - I have to say I was a bit taken a back. Do not get me wrong reader - here is this amazing bird's nest modern structure that looks like it should be in a museum somewhere....nested in a MALL. Given the shops were all upscale. But still, a MALL to say the least. It had that new mall smell that you'll just never get out of your clothes. It left me wondering what the restaurant and atmosphere would be like during dinner service. Well, I didn't have to wonder. My group had planned a bachelorette dinner for the lucky bride to be. Staff - These people are pros. Seriously, every person works together like a well oiled machine. We had a group of nine girls, which is not easy but I'm sure they see that pretty often. It is Vegas. And the service was fantastic. Our waiter and the whole wait staff was really great and accommodating. Our reservations were at 745pm and we had to be out of there by 915pm to catch our ride. They were so mindful of that the whole time, but also didn't take away from the experience. The meal - What can I say about the food that has not already been said? Pretty much nothing - so I'll just reinforce what my fellow yelpers have been saying the whole time - it's amazing. I ordered the salmon and one of the other girls ordered a fillet and we shared both plates. Both cooked perfectly. For sides - Lobster mashed potatoes, regular mashed potatoes and asparagus. All delicious. The whole experience was wonderful. And I had serious reservations about what this was going to entail when I walked in. But Mastro's did not disappoint. I enjoyed stepping back and being able to compare my experience in LA to Vegas. And although each restaurant had their similarities whether it be with the menu or just how the staff serves you, both restaurants still had a their own uniqueness which made each experience stand out.
5	Came here a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend and had absolutely the best seafood I have had in a long time.  We started off with a couple cosmos which are my favorite at the Ocean Club because they seem to be never ending and they use dry ice to keep it exceptionally cold!  For our entree we chose the seafood tower (see pic) which was amazing and a ton of food!  After that we could not eat anything more except desert and our waitress Shauna told us the Butter Cake could not be beat and she was right.  I would definitely recommend  Mastro's Ocean Club for a fine dining experience... the service is spectacular, the food is spectacular and the restaurant is very cool.
4	the steak i had was terrific.  but the best part was seeing mike tyson there.  i sent him a chocolate cake with the help of my waitress who was super friendly and accommodating.   there was a live piano player playing great tunes the whole time.
5	Was there while in Las Vegas for business. My hosts were contractors on the project and we maybe got a little extra pampering. There were 7 of us. Food is incredible. We didn't order appetizers, but a couple of us did have salads. The entrees around the table were steaks, swordfish, and seared tuna. We shared the stellar mashed potatoes, along with creamed corn and broccoli. For desert, they just left us the desert tray. We couldn't finish it! Service is second to none. Everything you would expect.
5	WOW I was pretty impressed with this place and I've done my share of dining in Vegas. The decor was modern and in the middle had this treehouse area where there are more tables. That night, they happened to have the treehouse rented out so there was live music playing which got a bit annoying since it was loud. That was my main complaint. On to the food. We started with the seafood tower and I wasn't even hungry going into this dinner but I gobbled everything up. It had jumbo shrimp cocktail, kunumoto oysters, crab claws, lobster, and king crab legs, the works. It was presented with dry ice. They served it with cocktail sauce, this mustard sauce and atomic horseradish, when you mix all 3 it was a pretty good sauce that way too. I was pretty full so I opted to get a salad and I chose the iceberg salad. Now I have to say i always get dressings on the side but this dressing was a red wine vinaigrette but it was creamy looking. The waitress said it was emulsified but there was no cream in it. It was the BEST salad dressing I have ever had! I think i wanted to dip every lettuce in a spoonful of dressing, that's how much I liked it.  It just had this tangy taste (from the red wine) but a smooth creamy texture but it had no creme. YUM!I tried my bf's steak and he had the rib eye and it was delicious, melt in your mouth meat. Our favorite steak houses in Vegas are Michael's (Southpoint) and Cut (Palazzo) but I think Mastro's takes the cake on this. We had so many sides, potato's au gratin, snow peas, yam fries, mac and cheese but I heard the gnocci here was delicious from the rest of our party although I was too stuffed to try. But the best part of dinner was the dessert! We had the warm butter cake, it tasted like a mix of pound cake and maybe cheesecake but it is served with vanilla ice cream and had a creamy inside, and sugar flakes line the cake to give it texture. Oh and it comes with homemade whip cream! I think that was better than the ice cream, I wanted to eat gobs of it. This is definitely a favorite now although the seafood tower is VERY pricey, it was probably half of the price of the meal, and we were with a party of 10. n
3	I'm not sure if it was me expecting too much because all my other mastro's experiences in california were Uh-Ma-Zing, but this experience at Mastro's in Las Vegas was very much so a disappointment.  I'm with Brad T, only 3 stars.... =(1.  Kunomoto oysters were ordered off menu and pretty fresh and tasty, but I've had better.2.  By the time we finished our oysters, which was only a few minutes because we eat fast, we started our COLD crab cakes.  I don't know about other people's experiences, but we've always had our crab cakes kind of toasty.  Though it was crab-a-licious, I was put off by the temperature.3.  Our 22 oz bone-in ribeye was cooked rare plus and it was delicious!  The extra sear with clarified butter is fantastic.  However, I was not pleased with the amount of connective tissue in my half of the steak.  I felt like I was prepping my own meal by having to cut through all that chewy stuff!4.  Here's the moment of utmost disappointment.  I was thinking about my fluffy, warm and tasty butter cake all night long, and it was a butter cake fail.  It was not warm and fluffy as I remember.  It was actually almost grainy and almost cold on the outside, save the inside was warm but almost soggy.  The wonderful airy whipped cream was actually heavy and too sweet.Conclusion:  For being open for 6 months, should I expect it to be where its other Mastro counterparts are in amazing-ness, or should I expect it to be working out its kinks and be amazing 6 more months down the line?  Regardless of kinks or not, I'm a sad puppy because other than the yummy steak mixed with connective tissue bits, everything else was just average compared to my other Mastro's experiences.  Mastro's did not rise to the occasion to it's reputation.  Will I go back?  For the love of butter cake, I will after more time has passed for this particular establishment.[side note: If you do try this particular Mastro's, do asked to be sit in the nice atrium with the mollusk looking wooden structure and not right outside of it.  I think you will get better service.  It seems as if the table we were sitting at is a "blind spot".  The servers liked to walk over an peer over the railing next to you and chat about the stores and patrons below as if you weren't there.]
4	The hottie and I headed to Mastro's Ocean Club on a weekend trip to Vegas.  A friend of mine has been pumping up Mastro's to me for years.  I ordered the bone in rib eye.... my favorite!  I would say that its not as good as Del Frisco's but still very good.  The hottie got the sea bass which was excellent.  We started off with fried calamari which was nothing special.  For sides we got creamed spinach which was pretty good and gorgonzola mac n cheese which was not good.  I'm not a big fan of gorgonzola from the start so it wasn't a surprise that I did not like it that much.  But the hottie is a big fan of gorgonzola and even she said it wasn't good.  We loved the tree house look and its a first class place.  We even saw Pete Rose there with a...... ahem companion.  Overall thumbs up!
4	I've dined at many a Mastro's, and I must admit: this location hooked me (and my rumbling stomach) + a pal for lunch because I found it architecturally intriguing. The staff in the front of the house were still very wet behind the ears. I was asked, "Is there any special occasion that you're celebrating? Anniversary, birthday...?" I replied that I am a living kidney donor and I celebrate that every day. My response didn't even register with the hostess and there wasn't any acknowledgment at all. *shrug* People have birthdays every year; it's not that often you have the privilege of donating a kidney. Just saying. I'm a sucker for waitstaff in white jackets; there's something very genteel about it that I absolutely adore, though the ambiance was a bit odd - the skylights above took away some of the mystery and glamour that one might otherwise enjoy over dinner. All the better to admire the lines and the strange view that our perch afforded us. Couldn't help but wonder: because the "pod" is not enclosed by walls, but mesmerizing woodwork that undulates and is breathtakingly organic... do shoppers at the nearby boutiques get distracted by the smells of the kitchen? "Yes, I'd like this limited edition Dior - hold up a minute - I need me a steak! " Surf, turf and couture - pinch me, please, and pass the pretzel bread, I'm wearing a silk shift with an empire waist - Carbonanza!!! The pretzel bread is otherworldly. I ignored the other varieties in the very generous bread basket, and asked for more pretzel bread, which was delivered warm, fluffy and perfectly salted. A healthy slathering of room-temperature butter didn't hurt, either. Even though I don't eat wheat, I was no match for the PB, and just surrendered to each bite of pillowy bliss. My virgin strawberry martini was not as tasty as the high octane version (yes, I had a sippie and was glad I did) and was just too sweet for my palate - but I had to wash all that PRETZEL BREAD down with something, right? Another quirk: there was a phantom lounge singer, who was, to be honest, not good at all... it was almost comical. It took me a while to figure out that it wasn't tongue-in-cheek lounge-lizardy - the dude was actually that schmaltzy. He was playing and singing live... but from an indeterminate location - I think it was behind the blue curtain - but it was just so odd, we kept laughing about it. My crab cocktail was okay... it was fresh and bright, but the last 1/3rd was frozen, because of the ice bath in which it sat. To their credit, when I pointed that out, a fresh one was brought out. The salads were nice. Nothing that knocked my Paul Smith espadrilles off, but I was very pleased that the greens were not drowning in dressing. Nice, simple, tasty. I plan to go again, but will make a reservation for dinner; lighting makes a difference, but then again... Pretzel Bread tastes good at any hour! BELIEVE.
5	LOVE, love, love this restaurant!  What a treat and a perfect way to end an already awesome Vegas trip.  This restaurant is located within the new City Center mall and was ultra convenient to get to from the Aria Hotel.  We started the night by sitting at the live Piano Bar in the lounge and ordering Pomegranate Martini's on dry ice.  The Martini's bubbled from the dry ice.  It was very cool and they were oh so good.As far as the food goes... the meat is so tender and cooked to perfection.  My husband and I split an 18 oz. Bone-In Steak and it was more than we could possibly eat.  The steak was gigantic.  It was also really nice that they cut it for us and brought it out on two plates.  With 4 people we ordered 3 separate side dishes and it was way too much food.  One side will feed 3 - 4 people easily, but they are all so good you have to try more than one. By the time the chocolate birthday cake was served we were all so full that we had one bite and that was all but it was really good too.The servers were really good and the atmosphere was perfect.  The tree house was really neat.This is a definite must try.  Oh and I almost forgot... We shared the Lobster Bisque to start and it was the best ever.  We also really enjoyed the different breads in the basket.  I think the waitress said that the Pretzels come from Germany.  If you want an amazing dinner you have to try this place.
5	Love this restaurant! We had a wonderful experience there. Top-notch service and great food. Came here last week with my sister and my bf. We made reservation for 7:30 but we were about 15 mins late. The staff were really nice and didn't make us wait for our seats. We were seated almost immediately. Right when we were seated, the server asked us if we cared for any drinks and offered us a warm towel to wipe our hands with. He also explained EVERYTHING on the menu which I thought was awesome. My sister and I ordered two cocktails ($18/each for the cocktails) and we shared the salmon as a main course. For appetizer we had the escargot and oysters on the half shell. My bf ordered the filet mignon ($50+) but it was really tender and cooked to perfection. We also had the lobster mashed potatoes which I thought was great. The bill came out to be over $250 but I think it was well worth it for the great food, atmosphere and service.I would suggest requesting for a seat inside the birdnest because every table is separated with a glass so it's very unique.
2	First off, location, location, location.  While it has the name, with this spot inside a shopping mall, you know something else make up for it.  Unfortunately with the rather loud "Billy Joel wannabe" pianist playing all night, and the shoppers strolling by looking at your dining selection, this place does not rate as well as it should.  While the service was outstanding, the quality was mediocre when comparing it to other similar, better located, places in Vegas.  Price hurts a little too...guess the uberMall rents are high so the costs need to be passed along to the diners.Since service is one half of a successful dining experience, this is what saved it from garnering a single star.If you are looking for convenience and staying at Aria or Vdara, you could try this place....or you could walk a little further to other higher end dining experiences.
5	Went in expecting a decent experience in vegas......came out with wonderful reviews and I could not have asked for more. So let's not be generic and give detailed reviews. To start. I can not give a better, more glowing review for our server, Valerie Bynan. Notice please that I listed her name because she made a great meal amazing. Wonderful advice without being pushy, delightful enthusiasm and just in general a wonderful person. I had the scallops and the ahi tarte...both delish and cooked to perfection. The scallops were cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. My complements to the chef. We heard the butter cake was great and let me say.....try it. Simple. Amazing. Savory. I loved every bite! I give five stars and I am very picky, detail oriented and do not give five stars easily!
5	I am glad I tried this great restaurant out.  The restaurant is located in the Aria City center in a mall called the Crystals.  It is located on the second floor that looks like a wooden Aladdin lamp.  The ambiance was great.  It was comfortable, cozy, and had live music.  The food was pretty awesome.  I ordered the cowboy ribeye cut bone in steak.  It's the second largest steak on the menu.  It is probably by far the best cut of steak I've had.  It was tender, soft, and juicy.  The potatoes au gratin was alright.  Next time I am going to try the lobster mashed potatoes.  The bread they serve is pretty impressive.  You actually get a bread basket full of different assortment of bread.  There is pretzel bread, wheat, white, bread sticks, and others that I can't recall right now.  Tasted like it was freshly baked that day.The service is the reason why I gave this place 5 stars instead of 4.  Our server was outstanding.  He was pretty knowledgeable about the food.  Helped me make up my mind on what I want right away.  Didn't give me too much info where it would confuse me (it doesn't take much to confuse me).  He checked up on us every now and then to see how we were doing on our meal.  He asked if we wanted to order dessert.  We declined because we were stuffed like a turkey at a thanksgiving dinner.  So we politely asked for the bill.  So our server brought us back a raspberry sorbet with our bill.  It was on the house and and he said he couldn't let us go without having dessert to complete our wonderful meal.  How cool was that!? I am not a sorbet fan, but I still take a few bites cause I'm a fatass.I recommend to go and enjoy the food, but I will return because of the service.
4	My dessert and drink experience was definitely worth five stars, but I can't give five stars without tasting the dinner menu. The butter cake dessert filled with cream cheese is out of this world. Three of us shared it.The Fountain of Youth is the drink to get--if you're considering that or the Raspberry Flirtini. Service was amazing. Prices are high. Drinks are around $17 each.
5	The name Mastro's is known to a lot of people for their steaks already.  We happened to be in Vegas for our anniversary, so we decided to have dinner there as our celebration.Because this place is located at the City Center right in the middle of the mall, so it doesn't carry the same kind of "exclusiveness" as the one in Costa Mesa or B Hill.  Dress code is also easier, only required hotel casual, so shorts and tees are welcome.Just as mentioned by most, the staff are extremely polite and friendly, that was a great start already.  We got seated fairly quickly and our waiter brought us the wine / cocktail list quickly.  I asked for the Mastro's Mojito cocktail, which is rum with lime and mint.  It's not very strong and I like it a lot.We were aware of the portion at Mastro's, and since my wife is pregnant she can't eat too much.  So I asked the waiter if it's OK for us to split the steak and allow us to try more other dishes.  They were very understanding and said absolutely no problem at all.For appetizer, we went ahead and ordered the sauteed scallops.  We were both very very impressed with the dish.  Three gigantic scallops, all prepared and seared to perfection, and the sauce was awesome together with the bread.  It was very rich and good.We also ordered the lobster bisque, and they went ahead and split the soup between two bowls for us, that was very nice.  The waiter also came and helped us split the scallop appetizer on our dish, that's great service.  We also tried the pretzel bread together with the soup, they all paired together very well!!!!!!My wife particularly loved the lobster bisque.  She commented that a lot of times the lobster bisque she has is way too salty, but the one we had was just right.  Very smooth and rich in lobster flavor, but it doesn't get overpowered by the saltiness.For steak, we ordered the bone-in 18oz filet and we asked them to split a small portion for my wife (medium well).  Mine was cooked medium rare.  It was simply fabulous.  Meat was very tender and juicy, and even my wife's portion, though cooked medium well, was still very tender.  And I have to say one of the most important thing they did right was resting the steak well before serving.  Most of the time when I eat steak, by the end it was juice all over the dish.  But not this time, all the juice was retained inside, that was awesome.We also got the lobster mashed potato as side dish.  It's good, a lot of lobster as stated by others, though I agree with my wife, while it's good, for $36 bucks, it's basically lobster mixed with mashed potato.  It doesn't have that "specialness" in some sense.Since it was our anniversary, they gave us a big chocolate cake.  It was BIG, and it tasted really good too!At the end of the day, we were impressed with the dinner.  It's not cheap by any means, but for special occasions, the quality and quantity of food?  I think it's worth it.  Although part of me still wonder how the experience would differ if we were to go to the one at Costa Mesa.
5	If you're short on time and/or simply not a big fan of the written word, let me start this review with all you really need to know about Mastro's: BUTTER. CAKE.  That's it.  5 stars for the best cake I've ever had.Ok, now on to the merely trifling details.I made a reservation several weeks in advance as my boyfriend and I were headed to Vegas on Labor Day weekend for his birthday.  I requested a table in the "tree house" (I called it the birdcage or something equally gauche) and noted the occasion.We arrived and were told they were preparing "one of the best tables" in the birdcage--that we could sit at the bar for a few minutes or be seated promptly at another table.  Obviously we hit the bar which, it bears noting, is visually interesting with a HUGE inventory of top shelf liquors stacked all the way to the ceiling.I had the Mastro's Martini--Belvedere vodka with handstuffed blue cheese olives.  Sweet jesus.  Hands down, best martini I've ever had.  Three days later, I'm still thinking about those olives.Didn't even finish my drink before the hostess, a sweet, bubbly thing, took us to our table.  Situated on the perimeter of the birdcage, it was a great table.  Yes, it's a mall, so our view included Louis Vuitton and a hoard of assholes who had just evidently exited the Elvis show but, whatever.  It's Vegas.  Plus, I liked the change-up from the normal casino venue which meant I got non-smoky air for a full 3 hours.Our meal, start to finish, was fabulous, perhaps only outdone by the impeccably rendered service.  A special shout out goes to our main server, Matt, whose plesant demeanor, attentive service and knowledge of the menu (and wine list) were truly something special.We started with a custom seafood tower.  Wanting to save room for the steak, we went modest with 3 shrimp (HUGE), an order of Dungeness crab cocktail (the best cold crab I've ever had) and 1/2 dozen Kumamoto oysters.  The dry ice effect and caper berry garnish were nice touches but the star of the tower was the hand grated horseradish.  When was the last time you noticed and RAVED about horseradish?  Yeah, that's what I thought.  I will never buy the jarred stuff again.Moving on to the main attraction: I went with the 12 oz bone in-filet and boyfriend got the Kansas City.  We both preferred mine as it offered a better combination of buttery tenderness and intense meaty flavor.  He would do the ribeye if he had to do it over again but he was by no means dissatisfied with his steak.For sides we selected snap beas, glossed in simple butter, creamed corn ,which mercifully left large kernels of corn intact, and an order of the matchstick fries (sans vinegar).Two TINY complaints:(1) Upon seating, we received the "Reserve Wine List" which the BF deemed VERY high priced--not a single bottle under $100.  A few things we could buy for $150 at the store were priced at $900 and up.  1000% = excessive mark-up.  Nevertheless, he picked a nice bottle of red that he thought was reasonable.  When the menu came, about 10 minutes later, the left hand side had an enormous list of wines of the style and prices ($100-200) you'd expect at a standard steakhouse.  Would have been nice to have seen that list when we were ordering.  Might have been an isolated timing thing but worth pointing out.(2) Our first order of fries came out and were basically salt sticks.  And I LOVE me some salt.  I could barely eat these.  The manager came by and I made a casual comment about them.  He said he'd have the kitchen do a fresh batch but would leave us the salt bombs until the new batch was ready.  VERY nice touch, in my opinion.  Because of course we kept eating them.  Second batch was perfectly seasoned and the manager seemed to recognize that the kitchen can get a little heavy handed with them.These two missteps in no way took away from how much we enjoyed our experience at Mastro's.Last but NOT least (since it already got a plug at the outset of this review), Mastro's blew us away with the complimentary butter cake--served on a personalized plate ("Happy Birthday Rob!").  I've since seen some recipes for this cake and I'm really sorry I did.  I could hear my arteries clogging as I ate this, but man it was worth it.  One of those items where you take a bite, laugh at the insane delectability, take another bite, and chuckle some more.  For me, there is no better mark of good food than laughter. I found the prices high, but totally on par for what I expected in Vegas.  And, in fact, to the dollar, the amount we spent on Nobu the night before (with cocktails but no wine).We'll definitely be coming back here.  And will hopefully be seated in Matt's section.Oh, and the table next to us (3 couples) spent most of the evening talking about bra sizes and dirty Sanchezes.  Can't beat that for entertainment.
3	I LOVE Mastros in So CA and Scottsdale and was very excited when this place opened, however, the location and ambiance (treehouse in the mall?) of the new LV Mastros is a little strange and does not compare to other locations.  I will not return because of this.Seafood tower, pretzel bread, gorgonzola mac n cheese and bone in rib eye are all wonderful choices.
4	Mastro's Ocean Club is smack dab in the middle of the Aria City Center mall. Because of  this, the ambiance and setting is not as upscale as the one in Beverly Hills. This place has more of a casual setting to it but most people will dress in their casual Friday attire.The food was great.. very similar to the food at Beverly Hill location but because of the Ocean Club name, they have more fresh seafood at this location.. I still think that Mastro's excels in steak so unless you don't eat beef, why would you order anything else?Also, I recommend that you make reservations to this place. When I went, they were not busy (they had like 6 parties dining), they insisted that they were. Make sure you specifically ask to dine in the Treehouse. This is the middle part of the restaurant that overlooks the mall. Anywhere else, and you end up close to the piano, and the piano's volume can get overwhelming.All in all, Mastro's in Vegas is a good steakhouse. But because of it's prices, I expected it to be a little more on the personal and upscale level. but the fact that it's in the mall makes it seem like they are a more casual restaurant with high prices. I personally prefer the Mastro's in Beverly Hills. If you are a local to Vegas, definitely give this place a try. All of you that did the 4 hour commute to Vegas, drive back and go to the one on Canan in the 90210.
4	Came here with a couple friends.  We were sat in the modern tree house which over looked the crystals mall, I would definitely ask to be sat there.  Everyone was hungry so we got right down to business, Crabcakes, Oysters Rockefeller and seared ahi tuna to start followed by the 22oz bone in ribeye for myself with creamed spinach and sweet potato fries.   Apps were flavorful,  Steak was cooked perfectly Midrare and the sides dishes were great .  Service was impeccable as expected. Overall great dinning experience, wasn't the best steak I've had but definitely worth trying even though technically this restaurants prime focus is seafood.
5	Amazing food, drinks, service, and atmosphere.  Make sure to get the lobster mashed potatoes and request to sit in the "tree house"!
5	My boyfriend and I came here with his parents and the first point I'll make to get your attention is that our bill came out $450. Now that i've got your attention.Service: One word excellent. I'd like to start off by saying that I came here for my 21st birthday and you know how usually you'll mention it to restaurants in hopes of getting something free and they'll come out with some weak bite sized dessert. My boyfriend's parents were the one who mentioned it and I quickly got a happy birthday and I expected nothing of it after. But for dessert I actually got a full on, very generous portion of a piece of chocolate cake (with raspberries!). It had come while I was in the bathroom so I wasn't expecting the waiter to relight it again but he actually did! The waiters were very nice, they made jokes and conversation (not just about food but where we were from, etc) They really knew their stuff, like not just knew what the specials were but they were very knowledgeable about their menu.Food: For starters we ordered escargot, chilled seafood, and crabcakes. The escargot was probably the disappointment of the evening. I've had much better elsewhere. There was just no taste or not a great taste. It wasn't gross or anything but I've just basically tasted better marinated or sauced escargot. For the chilled seafood, you're allowed to pick however many pieces you want and what seafood you want on it. It came in this platter that had dry ice in it. The shrimp were so plump and juicy. The crab was the best part though. I don't even know how to describe it but my boyfriend and I were fighting for the last pieces, just popping them into our mouths one by one. -Rack of Lamb: So juicy! It was probably the best lamb I've ever had. The taste was there, it was perfectly cooked. Dessert: We ordered their signature cake and it was very unique. I don't think I"ve ever tasted anything like it but I wasn't raving about it as much as the rest of my table were. It tasted like butterscotch or toffee angel/sponge cake. I couldn't really put my foot on what it was, it was just so different. Bathroom: This is actually the first bathroom I've been to where it had a bathroom attendant who handed you towels. They had tampons and other amenities on the counter. She opened and closed the door for me. It's too bad I didn't have my wallet to tip her but she was very nice. View: Where we were seated, you could basically look out into the mall and people watch. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back to this chain, maybe for an anniversary.
4	I would rate this more of a 3.5.  For starters, the decor and architecture of this restaurant is absolutely breathtaking.  Based in the center of a classy mall, the treehouse area has a unique and interesting view of everything around you.  We went around 9, so no one was really shopping and the mall was pretty bare. I felt like I was in a different world!  For a Monday night the restaurant was hardly crowded and we were seated immediately at a table of our choice.  The complimentary bread was interesting, although there were several pieces that were extremely hard to bite into, I enjoyed the soft pretzel-like bread the most.  For drinks we tried the lemon drop and the cantaloupe martini.  Both very awesome, and the cool thing is that they come with the martini shaker, so you end up getting two drinks really.  I enjoyed both drinks, the cantaloupe one tasted like sweet cantaloupe but strong enough to get you buzzed.  As for the lemon drop, it was soooo cool - they put some kinda sizzling dry ice or something in it so it looked like a volcano when it came out.  I sat there in awe for like 2 minutes just staring at the smoke come out of my drink! Then sipped on it and got buzzed 10 min after hahahhaha.  As for the entree, we ordered the rib eye medium rare, macaroni and cheese, and creamed corn.  I'm sad to say but I wasn't too impressed with the rib eye.  I felt like it was cooked in fire too high - the bone was completely charred.  Even though the inside was medium rare, the outside had bad burnt areas all around it.  And since we shared a plate, they brought out another plate for me, but it was soooo hot that when we put food on it, the oil kept splattering on me!!!  I mean granted it was a nice gesture, but I did not like how bits of oil kept splattering on my nice dress!  So anyhow, despite the slight disappointment in the steak, the macaroni and creamed corn TOTALLY made up for it.  The macaroni came out in a sizzling pan where the cheese would not stop ooozing when you tried to take a spoon full of it off....just the way I like it!!! I couldn't stop eating the side items that I probably would have rather eaten those as my meal rather than the steak itself!Anyhowl, I dont know if I'd come back for the steak, but I definitely appreciated the view, side items, and drinks.  Our bill came out to be $110 for 2 drinks, 2 side items, and 1 rib eye.  It was what we were expecting for a steakhouse at this caliber so not surprised.  I rounded up on the rating only because between the two of us, we shared the leftover mac and cheese and creamed corn the next day and still were satisfied :)
5	We had our first company dinner here and it was absolutely amazing!!!! We got a private room for a party of about 25-30 people. The food the service the ambiance was incredible!! I wish we got the room in the funky looking boat thingy but eh i ain't complaining. We had selected menus from the choices we voted on as a company. The food came out promptly and it looked like something out of a magazine. The food was amazing. The side dishes were incredible as well (: They catered to our every needs no matter how silly it was hahah ^^
5	My wife and I celebrated her recent birthday here on Monday evening 10/25/10 and enjoyed and amazing dinner that far exceeded our highest expectations. This new outpost of Mastros is romantic and elegant with all of the true hallmarks of five star dining. We have previously been to Mastros in Beverly Hills and I much preferred this location as food and service were flawless as we've come to expect with the added touch of refinement and class that Mastro Beverly Hills seems to lack with the Nightclub atmosphere and Hollywood infused scene. The Food:Appetizer:Seared Sea Scallops -  Perfectly seared and prepared in a Garlic cream sauce. Accompanied by 2 Garlic Toasted Bread Crisps. Delicous.Entrees:Petite Filet (Medium) - Hers - Simple but perfect. Mastro's signature entree and they do it to perfectionRack Of Lamb (Medium Rare) - Mine -  I love Lamb above all other meats and this is one of the best I can ever remember having. Bold but not gamey it flavor.(Jiraffe in Santa Monica is a close 2nd.)Sides:Sauteed Mushrooms w/ Onions  - Sweet & earthy. The perfect compliment to tender Filet & Lamb when combined with Mastro's Fries. Sea Salt Shoestring Fries (No Vinegar) - Crisp and salty which just the right amount of texture.Dessert - Chocolate Birthday Cake - Brought out complimetary. Nothing special but a nice birthday gesture. Warm Butter Cake Ala Mode - You simply HAVE to get this! No meal at Mastro's would be complete without it. My wife talked about this for days before our meal and reminisced about it for days after. It's simply the best enormous warm, buttery sugar cookie you've ever had paired with the smoothest vanilla bean ice cream you can imagine. I have to say we left very impressed with our Mastro's Las Vegas experience. It definitely raises Mastro's to our favorite special occasion restaurant from now on (Just not the Beverly Hills location.)With food, service and atmosphere this wonderful you just can't go wrong. Next up for us is Mastros in Thousand Oaks.
4	Had a reservation for 3 for a business dinner (friends really).  Arrived on time but still waited in the bar for 30 minutes for a table.  OK though, had a cocktail and caught up.  The double lobster tail, and bone in filets were what we ordered, along with starter salads.  The quality of the ingredients was very good, the service was great, and the location is nothing to sneeze at.  Great bread too.  We were in the restaurant right by the entry to something called the birds nest I think.  Very open restaurant right by Aria in the CityCenter.  Great place with a big bill but that is expected.  The wine list is a bit out of hand.  I never mind spending good money on a great wine list, which it was, but the median price point was over the top.  I go to many nice business dinners so I have an idea what wines should go for and these were ridiculous in some cases.I will tell you that for the first time ever a restaurant manager called me the day after and left a message to make sure we enjoyed our dinner and that we would be back.  Nice touch since nobody every does that.  Mastros's is good everywhere and this location is no different.
5	This was by far the best meal and dining experience we had in Las Vegas. Daniel our waiter and the rest of the staff were very helpful, attentive, accommodating and professional. I highly recommend Mastro's  to anyone looking for an excellent meal and dining experience.
5	Best steak I ever had...juicy succulent and Delicious!
4	The ambiance was pretty rad. It's not you're usual dimly lit steakhouse. It's right in the middle of Crystal and very bright. I liked the modern decor and the live music was a nice touch. The service was great. The bathroom attendant made me feel like I was a a club. My bone-in filet (12ox) was tasty, but I personally miss the crisp edges and extra butter on the Ruth Chris' steak. The Mastro side dishes though, definitely beat Ruth Chris'. I loved the Truffled Gnocchi, Lobster Mash Potatoes, Sweet Potato Fries, and Oysters Rockefeller. My highlight of the night was the butter cake! Yummy!
5	Had an absolutely fantastic dinner at Mastro's the other day. Our server, Shauna, was more than helpful in helping us navigate the great menu. We started off with the seared Ahi Tuna, which was super fresh and delicious, followed by a great caesar salad. For the main course I had a fantastic filet cooked to perfection. But the best was the sides. Our table shared the Gorgonzola mac & cheese, sweet potato fries, and sauteed broccoli. They were all fantastic, but the mac & cheese was TO DIE FOR.Shauna said the warm butter cake was not to be missed and she wasn't kidding. I'm surprised my arteries survived that cake after everything we'd already eaten, but it was worth risking it. :)
4	My friend treated me to dinner here for my birthday, and it was fabulous. I would've rated it as five stars, but I had a couple things that bothered me. First, we had a reservation, and came about 15 minutes early so we could grab a drink at the bar first. We checked in, but were not seated until about 20 minutes past our reservation. Not a big fan of having to wait that long past the reservation time. Second, I'm not a big fan of the dress code. It's supposed to be fine dining, and it is a beautiful restaurant. But, the fact that you see customers simply wearing t-shirts and jeans kind of ruins the whole thing. Other than that - all was dandy. Service was impeccable, but I would hope so considering the amount you pay to eat there. Food wise - we got oysters as appetizers. They were very fresh and tasted great. The clam chowder we ordered was decent, but nothing to rave about. I've had plenty of other clam chowders that easily beat the one at Mastro's. The steaks we ordered were cooked to perfection, and were complimented well by the sauteed mushrooms. Since it was my birthday - they did give us free chocolate cake, which was nice. Very light, fluffy, & moist. BUT, we did also order the warm butter cake, which I think most would agree is a must. Man, the chocolate cake was nothing in comparison. Overall, great place. Would definitely go back again, when I have the money to spare. And on a completely random note - they do serve Chilean Sea Bass at this establishment, which surprised me. This fish is known to be highly over fished and is on Seafood Watch's list of fish to avoid. Just thought I'd let you know.
4	We were excited to dine at this acclaimed restaurant. My husband ordered the garlic mashed potatos, the filet and clam chowder soup.The soup was superb, the finest he has ever tasted, the steak was tender and quite tasty, the mashed potaoes too were great. However the potatos were extremely salty. Good but salty. So be aware. I ordered the chopped salad, sauted spinach and twin lobster tails.  Salad was very good, lobster tails were wonderful too. Spinach was very good but had way too tuch garlic for my taste. Our server and all of the staff were extreemly attentive and provided  excellent service which made the dinner even more enjoyable.  Upon leaving we mentioned that the potatos were oversalted and only received a comment "we know" thanks for the feedback.  We would go back to dine here again but not order the potatos.
5	This is our 1st time at any of the Mastro's restaurants.  We have family & friends in the Vegas area who recommended & accompanied this as a truly upscale & 4-to-5 star dining experience.  They were correct!  Upon being seated practically in the center of their 60 ft teak or mahogany simulated Treehouse, we asked the very crisply uniformed Captain to recommend the appetizers.  He had us create our own "Seafood Tower" and we chose crab claws, shrimp, oysters & calamari... delish!  The Lobster Bisque, Clam Chowder & Iceberg Wedge were next.  The five of us then shared a Filet, Chilean Sea Bass, Atlantic Salmon & Scallops with Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  Our Captain went over and above as he assisted us in choose the appropriate wine to pair with our culinary choices.Now.. we would come back for all of this goodness, but the Mastro's Butter Cake is one of a kind and is worth the whole meal or just to drop in for dessert after shopping.  Needless to say & in keeping with my "positively outrageously" great dining recommendations, you have to enjoy Mastro's if you're in Vegas!
5	Great ambiance and amazing service!  Not to mention the food is just fabulous.  We started with tuna tartare which was good but nothing spectacular.  But then for the main entree I got the bone-in filet with a side of Mastro's mashed potatoes.  The meat was perfectly cooked to medium rare and the flavor was melt-in-your-mouth delicioso.  Even the simple mashed potatoes was creamy and savory.  It sure is a splurge but I highly recommend it if you are in Vegas and want to pamper your tastebuds.
5	Little late on this review, but didn't want to miss out on saying how wonderful this beautiful new restaurant is. Service was impeccable. Seafood tower was delicious and our steaks were perfectly prepared. Not a sea bass eater, but was told it was one of the tastiest. A don't miss Vegas experience.
5	My my my...what a treat it was to eat here. From start to finish, the food tasted superb, and service was impeccable. FOOD HIGHLIGHTS* Bread basket: Served steamy and warm with Mastro's fresh salted butter. Pretzel bread and cheesy, cracker-like breadsticks were my favorites.* Truffle-lobster gnocchi appetizer special: The chewiest, richest gnocchi I've tried, with tender lobster meat and drizzled with truffle oil.* Bone-in filet steak, medium rare: Soft, tender beef, topped with clarified butter and a pinch of herbs. Served on a 400 degree plate, so it stays nice and toasty throughout your meal!* Butter cake: Devastatingly moist, melty, slightly salty, and of course, buttery, with a crisp crust, a scoop of French vanilla ice cream, and whole plate of freshly whipped cream. Not overrated in any sense of the word.I'm going to stop writing now because I'll drool all over my work laptop keyboard otherwise...
5	So this is the 4th Mastro's I have been to and I can't even count the number of times I have been to a Mastro's. YET they never fail to prevail! I took my mother and 2 sisters here on a Friday night when we were in Vegas. I have never been to this one, but have been to the Ocean Club in Scottsdale, City Hall in Scottsdale and the one in Beverly Hills. We got seated in the "treehouse" which is the big wooden circle that everyone takes pictures of when they are in Crystal. We ordered a nice bottle of wine and my sister and I split the beefsteak tomato & mozz appetizer (I always get this when I am here) it is great because they split the order into two plates. My mother and older sister split the Ocean Club Salad and my mother could not stop talking about how great it was! I will admit we are all Canadian so we are not used to the amazing portions of food they serve in America! It is great!!! I ordered my usual *massive* Chopped salad with avocados and no meat/dressing on the side - it is my fav salad ever! Younger sister ordered the petite filet 8oz which she loved and actually finished. Older sister ordered something different - Ahi Tuna Sashimi 10oz, she was only able to finish half of it (I will add a picture soon b/c it is an unusual plate to order at Mastro's) she said it was really tasty just a huge portion. My mother ordered the Atlantic Salmon Filet 12oz, again very big but very good!!! Of course we have to order sides! My fav - sauteed mushrooms, steamed asparagus, and my sister's favourite Gorgonzola mac'n'cheese. Overall Mastro's the my #1 fav restaurant and this new location in the City Center is just as great as any other Mastro's :)
4	Who wouldn't love a restaurant that's positioned right next to Tiffany's??  Seriously.......I went for a company dinner so cannot attest to the price (although based on other Yelpers, the cost is quite steep!)  Started with a lovely bread basket with a wide variety of different breads, including "pretzel bread" which is quite similar to Joe's Stone Crab bread.  The bruschetta appetizer came next which was VERY oniony, but it's a good thing I'm a big fan of onions because I absolutely loved it.  Caesar salad was just so-so.Then the main course....I got the mahi mahi in this fancy butter sauce which was excellent, but not as good as my husband's salmon (I almost stole his plate it WAS THAT GOOD).  The fish portions were very large and filling.  Sides for the table included creamy mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.  The spinach was a little salty for my taste, but not grainy at all.Dessert was cheesecake with whipped cream and berries which was creamy and decadent...A+ even though I was completely full I ate the whole thing.Would I return to Mastros?  Absolutely.  Wonderful ambience and GREAT salmon.....after all it is an "ocean club" so the fish has to be good right?  Cheers!
4	Actually 4.5, but not a choice here.So good! They know steak. The ahi tuna plate was delicious as well. Mac and cheese was sinful. I also had the Ceasar salad, mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes and butter cake for dessert. Everything was great, but the steak, ahi and mac and cheese were phenomenal. The place is cool. We sat in the tree dome looking section. It's also nice to have Tiffany's and Louis V. right next door.Our table was up against another seating booth which I didn't like. I don't like strangers so close to me, especially when I'm eating. Don't want to listen to them and I'm sure they don't want to listen to me. Service was decent, but they were busy.
4	We stopped by at Mastro's for our Valentines Day Dinner last night.  When we arrived we were sat inside their Treehouse.....a fairly unique dining experience.  The Treehouse is their main dining area which is shaped like a Treehouse that overlooks the center of the Crystals' Mall.For starters, we ordered their stone crabs abd lobser bisque.....both were very average.   The bisque was watery....not very thick and rich.For our entrees, we had the sea bass and rack of lamb....both very flavorful and super tasty.  For sides, we had their creamed corn and lobster truffled gnocci....both were extremely, extremely rich (too much cream and truffled cheese).....but very flavorful.For desert, we had their famous butter pound cake with ice cream and chocolate starwberrries......the cake was very average......I can get more flavorful pound cake at Safeway...the chocolate strawberries were good, but nothing spectacular.The service was average at best.   Overall, the food was good, not great. One extra star for the cool treehouse dining experience.
4	The lobster mashed potatoes is absolutely delish!  We came here on a Wednesday night and there was live music which was pretty cool.  We ordered Kumomoto oysters and the scallops for appetizers and share the bone-in filet and the mashed potatoes.  Everything was delish and our server was super attentive.  Will definitely go back.
5	I had to make sure i made a visit to the Mastros in City Center this past weekend. Ive been to vegas 2 times since this location has opened and havent found time to make it over, so it was a must. Arrived and was greeted kindly as always. Was seated within 5 minutes of our reservation and they sat me in the Treehouse with a booth as requested. I really enjoyed dining in the treehouse area. It didnt provide the same, dark, old school lounge feel that the Costa Mesa provides, but I enjoyed it anyways. The service was excellent as always. Out server, Brandon i believe, was very attentive, professional and personable. The food was as good as ever. Started off with the ahi appetizer. Followed that up with the wedge salad, which is one of my favorites. Then the 12oz filet with brussel sprouts and mushrooms. And then finished off the night with buttercake. Lets just say i slept well that night. Mastros has yet to let me down.
3	I'm not feeling up for a lengthy review so I'll keep it brief. For two of us, without wine and dessert (the later was comp'd by our Mandarin Oriental Concierge) our tab was $230 + tip. I can say without hesitation having dined all over the world, and eaten at the best steak houses in NYC, Chicago, Palm Springs and LA, this was NOT a $230 meal. At best it was worth $120. Food= Our seafood appetizers were delicious - oysters and shrimp. For dinner we ate fillets, lobster, au gratin potatoes, and creamed spinach. The meat was good, lobster decent, and sides very disappointing. Usually this is what makes a Steak house memorable -not here.  The warm "pretzel bread" and butter cake dessert were by far the most memorable portions of the meal.Atmosphere = you're eating in a mall - albeit a beautifully designed mall with every luxury brand in the book, it's still a mall. Within the tree house where we dined, you watch mall walkers beneath you. Ouch.Service= Very good, attentive, but not $230 good. Overall 3 stars. For all of us Zagat's goons, I'd go with Food=21, Decor=23, Service=23.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. Although it's basically a restaurant located in the middle of a shopping mall (albeit an upscale mall), it is a very pleasurable dining experience. The food here is incredible. The lemon drops are fantastic and entertaining as they are served smoking and bubbling. Excellent wines on the wine list. The filet here is magnificent. The truffle lobster gnocchi is out of this world. The side dishes are excellent and feed about four or five people. The warm butter cake is spectacular and is served with a huge bowl of some of the best whipped cream we have tasted. Unfortunately, one of the people in our party ordered the crab cakes and was disappointed with them as she thought they were over seasoned and almost tasted as though they were seasoned with poultry seasoning. The last time we ate at Mastro's Ocean the service was tad bit better, but compared to the poor service that we've been receiving lately, the service was outstanding. Did I mention the live pianist? Some of the people in our party thought they were listening to some recorded Billy Joel music and were surprised when they found out that it was actually a young man playing the piano.
5	Best of the Best! Outstanding service and food. Worth every dime! The seafood tower, grilled Chilean bass and best martinis. Chef Wayne Schumaker is outstanding.
2	Eh. This place could have been better. The service was freaking SLOW, I was starting to get impatient.  What made this place great was the guy who played piano and sang live while we had dinner.  He was really good, my friends requested to sing 2 songs for us.The bread were hard and our steaks were not that special, I've had better.  Really disappointed.All in all, i expected better from this restaurant...
5	Obviously Mastro's is really expensive but it's very much worth it. This is in Vegas so my friends and I didn't have time for dinner so we decided to go to the bar and have some appetizers.Chopped SaladCalamariLobster Mashed PotatoesThe chocolate covered strawberries are ridiculously good.We ended up back at the bar the following night to do it all again. I wish I could remember both bartender's names but I can't. They were both great.If you don't mind paying for great food the this is the place to go.
5	I love love love the Chilean Sea Bass at Mastro's! Delicious! Mastro's maes my top 5 favorite restaurants list for sure!Service was excellent. Entertainment (guy on the keyboard & a singer) at the bar was a nice touch, but we were right next to them, and it was a bit too loud. Sittng further away woulda been better, but it was okay.Complimentary bread & butter: yummy! Boyfriend loved the pretzel bread.Crab CakeS: yes, they give you 2 crab cakes. Lol! Hate when resataurants only give you 1 and charge you an arm and a leg. This is not the case here. They were big, chunky and delicious! Great for sharing with 4 people.CHILEAN SEA BASS: really...need I say more? Like butter!Petite Fillet: melt in your mouth good!Warm butter cake served with ice cream and whipped cream: another must.
5	Excellent food, great service. Our food came out piping hot and perfectly cooked. The restaurant was busy (saturday night) but the service was not lacking. What made it even better was that my friend Rick paid with his winnings from gambling. No complaints here...
4	When in Vegas, you gotta do it right and Mastro's is well...doing it right.Mastro's Ocean Club is owned by the same very popular chain steakhouses but focuses more on a seafood selection. It's located right in the Crystals shopping center in City Center. I came here with a group of 9 and we were able to be seated in the treehouse (ballin!). Food was great. I had the bone in ribeye and but also nibbled on a chilean sea bass as well. Both were delicious. The sides rocked as well with the wasabi mashed potatoes being my favorite. Overall a great dining experience, highly recommend!
3	Mastro's Beverly Hills is my favorite steakhouse in LA, so I was eager to check out the Vegas branch. While there are obviously similarities, here are the differences:1. There's a separate room inside what's called the Treehouse, but it looks more like a giant wooden stomach. Which is appropriate. I'd strongly recommend getting seated there and not because of the view (The "breathtaking" scenery consists of every high-end luxury goods store on this planet. Then again, I know people who enjoy staring at $5000 handbags from a distance.). It's because the other half of the restaurant looked packed as hell. I wouldn't be surprised if the diners were eating their neighbors steaks by accident. 2. There's more fish on the menu - hence the name - although there was no noticeable difference shellfish selection-wise. Sadly, Billy Ocean wasn't singing at the piano. Mastro's, you screwed up on a golden opportunity here.3. The bar's wall o' liquor is an impressive monument to chronic liver failure. Then again, this is a city where it's legal to walk down the street slurping Everclear out of a foot-long Eiffel Tower. 4. Steak's great. But not comparable to the Beverly Hills branch.
5	My wife and I can be fussy with restaurants, but Mastro's was so perfect on a recent Vegas visit, that we cancelled plans at another restaurant the following night and did Mastro's all over again...with equally perfect results.Steaks were delicious, tender, and done to perfection. The sides are overly generous and delicious (recommend the Sweet Potato fries). Salads very fresh and tasty. But don't leave without having the butter cake dessert. That was the happiest my tastebuds have been in a long, long time.Our waiter Mario was sensational. Bright, friendly, and efficient.And the setting is as fun and charming as others here describe it.
5	Before heading out for a night of partying at XS, my buddy and I found ourselves wandering around the Cosmopolitan looking for a good restaurant to try.  While the rest of our friends were grabbing dinner at the literal hole-in-the-wall pizza counter upstairs, we wanted to take advantage of the opportunity of trying something a little more unique.  Well, that is, assuming we could find somewhere that didn't have a crowd; each of our first few tries were met with wait times of 45 mins or longer.  Hoping for better luck at the mall at City Center next door, we eventually worked our way over to Mastro's Ocean Club to check things out there.  Greeted by a friendly hostess and the opportunity for immediate seating, our search came to an end.  Score for table seating by the bar!For a while now, I've heard a number of good things about Mastro's from friends in LA.  From the service to the food, they've all mentioned how great their experiences were.  At the end of my meal, I could certainly see what they mean.  After perusing through the menu of seafood and steaks, I ended up going with the grilled Chilean Sea Bass with a side order of the Garlic Mashed Potatoes for my friend and I to split (rather, I wanted it for myself, but needed to "share" it to justify getting it).  Now, I know...ordering a fish dish on my first ever trip to Mastro's is pretty counter-intuitive considering their reputation as a steakhouse.  However, given that it's one of their two Ocean Club spots, I figured that maybe I should give the seafood a shot since I don't know if it'll be as readily offered at their pure steakhouse spots.When our orders were brought to our table, I have to admit that it wasn't stunning at first glance.  Although the cut was larger than I had anticipated (which is never a bad thing), there wasn't much in terms of frills and dressing.  Since everything is a la carte, you literally get just the fish on the plate, with half a lemon on the side of seasoning.  Despite how lonely it may have looked though, there's no questioning the quality.  Although Chilean sea bass is generally more forgiving when it comes to cooking because of its fatty nature, this one was done perfectly regardless.  The meat was soft and tender, and it was moist throughout.  Flavor-wise, you couldn't ask for much more - modest seasoning to it, with a great buttery and velvety sort of flavor from the fish.  Excellent.As for our sides, the Garlic Mashed was pretty good.  I liked the consistency (thick, but not gloppy or too thin), and the flavor wasn't too potent.  While I would generally prefer a stronger punch to it, it worked well to not overpower the sea bass.  In addition, my friend also slipped in an order of the skinny fries, and let me tell you - a "basket" of fries here really is a basket of fries.  The order was this huge mound of fried potato goodness, and even after chipping away at it throughout our meal, there was still plenty left for our other friend to snack on when he joined us.  Oh, and I can't forget to mention their bread basket either - all served hot and soft with salted butter.  All of the ones I tried were good, but my favorite was the toast-like bread with cheese...so good.As for the rest of the experience, everything else was spot on.  Our server Sarah was awesome - really attentive, friendly, and pretty damn cute.  Now, I'm sure that last part MIGHT have had something to do with it, but seriously, really cute.  While it's kind of odd that it's located in a mall, I really liked the vibe of the place.  The main dining area is on a sort of a semi-open balcony (check out the pictures...quite a distinctive look), while they have a piano and singer by the bar.  While the music can make conversations a little tough, it's no worse than if you were sitting with a large group. While I do somewhat regret not having ordered beef instead of fish, I have no complaints about what I had either (plus, was still under that damn zero/reduced beef pledge).  That said, I know I'll be back to try more of their menu anyways (saw several tables with the seafood tower), as well as to get a table in their "tree house" section.  Great ambiance for a date as well, and while not a cheap meal, it's certainly worth the price.  But then, that could just be my waitress-induced bias doing the talking too..
5	One of my favorite restaurant's in Las Vegas.  Everything here is pretty much perfect.  Top notch food, service and a great atmosphere. Mastro's is an excellent choice after a show or for a special occasion.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Surprised my wife with a trip to Vegas for our anniversary.  Stayed at Palazzo and have eaten at Craftsteak, Cut, Delmonico, and being from Chicago, we know our way around our Beef (Nine, Gene and Georgetti's, Gibsons, Chicago Chop House, Keefers, Kinzie...).  Considered return to Cut, booked and unbooked Carnevino and Prime before settling on Mastro's because of our evening plans (Mandarin Oriental for drinks) and because we've wanted to try the newbie here in Chicago.  Request, and wait for if necessary, the tree house dining.  Mike R (ASK FOR HIM, HE'S THAT GOOD) did an excellent job with the pacing of our meal.  He knew it was our anniversary and he made sure to congratulate us several times, chat us up without being intrusive, and sincerely took an interest in making our experience pleasurable.Wife had the bone in Filet (12 oz) and I had the bone in Rib eye...plate, ordered the au gratin potatos to share (our server Mike R recommended one side to share due to the size) and the meal was worth every single of the five stars we are giving this place.    For our anniversary, they treated us to their signature butter cake.  We were stuffed but did our due dilligence....very tasty, very good, and if you actually save room for it, worth ordering. Upon reflection, this was a perfect destination to celebrate an anniversary.  Live music was noticable, but not intrusive, the tree house, particularly when the sun went down, created a very romantic atmosphere.  Have read complaints about the setting (basically in the middle of the mall) but I don't share those complaints.  Yes, you are in a mall, albeit a mall the average person can walk through but not afford to shop in, but you hardly notice the people honestly.  Saw many people enjoying either bottles of wine (like us...oh, and yes the list has some mark up and bottles you would have to mortgage your home to afford, but also some very reasonably priced, well worth the mark up bottles to be enjoyed ... ) or their signature cocktails which were generous pours and will be on "the list" next time we visit.  But I have to come back to Mkie R, he was a throwback, a restaurant professional who knows the food, knows the wine list, knows the importance of making your feel as though he is there only to make your experience memorable.  I am not kidding, REQUEST him when you visit, you will write me and thank me profusely if you do.  We return to Vegas in September...will definitely drop by for drinks and desert at minimum.
5	This was a 5 star anniversary dinner for us!  Amazing!Location:  You cannot beat dining in a "tree house" in the Crystals Mall.  Very cool!  I loved the live music that I could hear from the lower levels of the mall.Service:  Mike R was our server.  He was completely patient and totally helpful.  He gave us a taste of two different wines when we were trying to decide on a bottle.  He was great with any questions we had.  Great guy and a huge asset to the restaurant.Food:  The bread basket was amazing and beautifully presented.  Wish I could have tried everything without filling up before dinner!   Beef carpaccio, bone in filet, ribeye (bone in), au gratin potaotes, and compliementary butter cake (for our anniversary!).  I loved every bite of our meal.  The food was superb.Drink:  As mentioned, Mike R let us sample the wines, and we selected the Earthquake, which he stated was from a boutique winery.  Huge thumbs up!!!!!  Next visit will include one of the cool looking cocktails!This was a great, great meal!  Mastos hit everything on the mark, and have two satisfied customers who can't wait to return!
5	Been here several times.  Best restaurant in the Aria area.  Inside the shopping mall but atomsphere, presentaiton, service, and food are excellent.  Seafood and steak are excellent there.  Will always come here.  A bit pricey...but you're in Vegas and you're going to pay when you go to a restaurant near the Strip.  Since you're going to pay...might as well have the food, service and atmosphere worth it's value. All THREE is 5 stars here.
4	Solid American, good steaks, but really, this place shines for dessert. Namely the Butter Cake.It weighs seemingly 8 lbs. Two people would be hard pressed to finish it, especially if you just ate a huge steak.Pricey dinner, but large portions and good food.  Great service, fantastic location if you sit in the "tree house".  Live music often and usually very crowded.
5	DELICIOUS!! The bread basket was warm and fresh out of the oven. I'm not a huge steak person so I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass. It was cooked perfectly. I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries. The mac & cheese was good and the lobster mashed potato was amazing!!! Not only was the food good but the location and being in a treehouse was fun. Service was top notch and I'll definitely come back for more.
2	I had made reservations to celebrate my mother-in-laws birthday. We wanted it to be special and seeing 4.5 stars in Yelp, I figured I was sure to impress. They did accommodate my request to sit in the tree house section of the restaurant, which I appreciated. Unfortunately, that's about all that went right for the evening. Our server was very aloof and completely inattentive. It felt as though we were bothering her by our existance.We brought our drinks from the bar and were met by our server fairly promptly. After the perfunctory "welcome to Mastros" which seemed a strain for her to do, we didn't see our server for at least 20 Min's before she came back to check on us & take our order. She was very indifferent to our even being there, so much so, that I made the comment to my wife, that she was probably having a bad day. Here's where the fun begins. After receiving our salads which were very good, the fire alarm in the entire mall and restaurant started going off. So here we are with bright lights flashing all around us and the blaring wooooop......wooooop of the alarm is drowning out the piano player while everyone of the staff is walking around as if nothing is going on. We are all looking at ourselves and asking each other, is this for real? should we be evacuating? What if there is a fire? Finally after a FULL 10 minutes of this, I ask another server passing by what was going on. She politely said "ohhh it's probably just a door someone opened" and went on her merry way". When our dinner arrived, our server never said a word about the incessant fire alarm blaring for the last 30 Min's. Not an "I'm sorry about this" or "don't worry there is no emergency", or we are working on shutting it off. No....Nothing at all. She just dropped off our food not to be seen again until I asked for the check. It was very bizarre Now about the food. We all had some type of fish. Which was mostly good. I thought my dusted halibut was very bland. I only ate half of my serving even though I was rather Hungary. The Gorgonzola mac & cheese was very good. The asparagus was decent. All told we finished up and even canceled the birthday desert  I reserved, because we couldn't stand the fire alarm any longer. The only thing our server said was, " ohh your leaving,? yeah I guess the fire alarm is a bit annoying. Which is kind of like saying, " yeah Vegas a bit warm in the summer". All told, the food was 3.5 stars and the service was 1 star. At least I impressed my mother-in-law with the Jersey Boys show right before dinner. Now that was 5 Stars!
5	Truly a study of excess starting with the "tree house" in the middle of the Crystals Mall.  The excellent food is also a study of excess especially if you are not a huge eater!  Starting with the Escargot, served in the shell swimming in butter and garlic with a wonderful assortment of breads on the side.  Best I have had in a long time.  The entree of Ahi Tuna Sashimi was huge (10 oz.) and perfectly cooked (virtually uncooked!) was a real treat.  The scallops were also more than generous, perfectly seared and served in a wonderful creamy sauce with toast points.  We decided to splurge and went for the $37 lobster mashed potatoes and were not disappointed, only bad part is this really would be too much for a table of four instead of 2 but we managed to eat all the lobster anyway.  Service was flawless.  As you might imagine the bill was part of the excess, cocktails, wine, shared app, entrees with side and a shared desert came to about $260 but it was fun!
5	Perfect first experience at Mastro's! Went there to celebrate our anniversary and they really did make it feel like a special occasion. We were seated in the treehouse - beautiful and romantic, great date spot. Really unique cocktail list -definitely not the usual boring drinks. I tried the blueberry martini, didn't really care for the taste since I prefer sweet drinks, but it was strong and something different. Cocktails were a little pricey at about $18 each, but you pay for the ambiance. Started w escargot, I've never had it served in the shell before. Very pretty and delish - served w clarified butter and garlic. Great selection of yummy breads too. We shared the 18oz bone in Kansas city strip w twin lobster tails (1 butter poached, 1 vanilla tempura fried). Sides - twice baked potato and brussel sprouts w bacon. Steak was cooked perfectly medium, tender, juicy and flavorful. They knew we were sharing so everything was split for us. Poached lobster was good, cooked perfectly. The tempura lobster... mmm I'm not a huge fan. It was good, but a LOT of batter and I didn't really get even a hint of vanilla. Glad we decided to try it both ways. Twice baked potato was good, but I've had better. They didn't bring it out till about 10min after the rest of the food because the chef didn't like how the first one looked, so he made a new one. They took it off the bill w out us asking. Nice that the chef has attn to detail vs just cranking out the orders. Brussel sprouts used to be fried w pancetta but they recently changed the menu, so no more pancetta. They did accommodate by doing it w bacon instead, but not really the same - thin sliced bacon just can't compare to chunks of pancetta.We got the butter cake comp since it was an anniversary. Super cute of them to do a candle. The cake is enough for 3 or 4 to share, served w vanilla ice cream and a huge bowl of fresh whipped cream. So bad, but soooo good! Service was excellent, our server Mike was friendly and knowledgeable. The rest of the wait staff were great too. I checked out our neighbors food, I'm looking forward to trying the seabass, seared tuna, or crab salad next time. In the end there's not a huge difference w steak joints - they generally serve the same cuts, appetizers and sides. But Mastro's stands apart with its service and intimate classy ambiance.
5	Quite simply the best fish I have ever had, as for my wife also the best fish she has ever had.  I had the Swordfish blackened, my wife had a fresh seasonal filet of Wild Caught Salmon seasoned with their special house blend.  Both were outstanding and some of the largest fish filets we have ever seen, but yet still cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Also had amazing sides of asparagus and scalloped potatoes.  Service was great and I would recommend that anyone should try it at least once.  Prices are high, but side dishes are served family style, so at least you will get full unlike some of those trendy-trash places that give you a fish nugget with a red sauce on it and call it gourmet.  Go there and eat fish.
5	Great restaurant!I've never been to an Ocean Club, and everyone in my party loved this one.Something different, their martini's are actually 2 martini's in one order for around $19, you keep your shaker which gives you the second. My staple is dirty with Chopin and blue cheese olives. Theirs was excellent!All of the food was good, but much much bigger portions then expected - strange to me for this type of restaurant.Didn't get desert, but the drinks and food was great. Everyone got something different and everyone love their dish.Great place!
1	I made a reservation for a business dinner through Open Table on Sunday June 5th for 8:30pm. At 7:35pm I received a call that they had technical difficulties in the kitchen and that they were only able to serve cold appetizers, salads and desserts. So we opted to go to a different restaurant(which was quite a task).Hence my surprise when I got an e-mail from Open Table a day later that informed me that Mastro's reported me as a "no show".You inform me 55 minutes before my reservation time that you are unable to fulfill my request and then have the nerve to report me as a "no show"?Needless to say that I won't come back and will take my business elsewhere in the future.
1	I AINT NO UPPER CLASS. I don't go out and spend $100 on dinner everyday. With that said.. I don't appreciate my waiter giving me attitude just because I don't know half of his fancy schmancy expensive food vocabulary.We got there last Friday at around 730 PM. The waiter went over the menu with us and began taking order. We didn't know what kind of cooking style we want on the fish. When we asked him questions, instead of him answering patiently, he decided to just give us THE LOOK and say "i just went over all the cooking style with you.."BLAH..The food was salty and whatever.. I don't understand why he's giving me attitude if I still have to pay him tip.I'm gonna save that money for a nice purse next time.
5	I love this place !! This was practically the highlight of my trip to Vegas . They give you a variety of bread but their bread didn't really impress me . The oysters were alright but didn't really impress me either . I had the bone-in filet mignon which was absolutely heavenly !! It was so yummy and literally melted in my mouth !! Their filet mignon is perfect ... the best I ever had !! The cream of corn made the perfect side . It was very delicious . They also carry white muscat wine which was good . It came out to be about $100 per person with the muscat wine including tip but it was totally worth it . I will definitely be back here again the next time I am in Vegas !
5	I ate here during my trip to Vegas in December. It was a great experience.Service from beginning to end was excellent. Waiter was very nice and even scooped some food into my plate when the plate was getting emtpy lol. There was also a guy playing the piano and singing so that was nice too.I ordered the filet mignon steak and I have to admit, it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. I'm from New Orleans and I have tried all the top steakhouses here like Mortons and Dickie Brennan's but Mastro's tops them both. Meat was tender and was full of flavor. Pricewise, it is pretty expensive but that is to be expected. Steak was about 55 bucks, sides were about 15 for me. G/f ordered a mixed drink that turned out to be 17 bucks. Total bill for 2 people was around 140.I highly recommend this place if you want a classy place to eat in Vegas
5	This place is a little expensive, but worth it.  Nice ambience with live music.  I enjoyed the scallops - locals recommend this place for seafood - and the asparagus.  They are the best scallops I have ever eaten!  The service is also great with attractive waitresses as a bonus ;-)
2	LOUD! We were first seated in the dining room right next to the piano/singer in the bar. I had to ask twice to be moved to somewhere more quiet because I could not be heard over the singer. Fortunately we were seated shortly away from the bar, but the noise level was still very high. I would not return no matter how good the food just because of the noise level.The food. We split a Caesar salad, which was OK but too salty and over dressed. We had to ask for some bread. My wife loved her scallops. My swordfish was very thick and looked delicious. It, however, was a little over cooked, and fairly bland. It did not have that grilled flavor I love on fish. The waiter recommended the lobster mashed potatoes ($38), so we got that and the green beans with slivered almonds. If you do not absolutely love lobster, take the $10 baked potato instead. I do not like my veggies over cooked, but the beans were way under done. After dinner decaf coffee was just OK and served in a large cup, but we not offer a refill until we were ready to leave. Key Lime Pie was a large slice, but I've had much better.
5	hey this place aint too shabby.   Yea its located inside city center aka the shopping mall.  Yea the noise outside the restaurant can get loud what do you expect from a restaurant literally located in the center of the mall?anywho heres the review----highlight of the night has to be the awesome lounge singer.  He did a standout job as we were waiting for our table to be seated.Kindly took our request for Rick Astley "Never Gonna Give You Up"AKA 'Rick Roll'd'   Did a fantastic job.For that the restaurant gets the full 5 star it deserves.Oh the food?  it was good I had a rack of lamb that was outstanding!  Besides that the lounge singer stole the show! BOoooo yah!
3	I was more into the live entertainment than the food.  Bone in ribeye was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Sides were just aiight - mac and cheese, creamed spinach, clam chowder, salad, mashed potatoes, sauteed asparagus, sauteed mushrooms.  Eating in a mall just doesn't feel as nice although we did see Tyson Chandler from the Mavs.  I'd come back to try their seafood.
4	To me just the architecture of the place alone is magnificent. First time I visited the City Center I was blown away by this very spectacular  structure. When I found out there is a restaurant inside I knew I have to try it.On one of my visits to Sin City I was lucky enough to experience the remarkable dinning from above. We shared the Chopped salad. Yeah, you are thinking "out of the colorful selection, really?" But it was marvelous. So flavorful and fresh. And then Rack of lamb medium rare followed. Ahhhh,,,,, it came on super hot plate the whole rack in one piece. We cut through the meat which was on rare side and finish cooking it on the hot plate. The result  flavor of the dish was beyond extraordinary. Best rack of lamb ever.Atmosphere great, music decent, waiters nice and well knowledge  of menu and wine.
5	As a newer Yelper, this is only my second review and beyond deserved.  On our most recent trip to Las Vegas last weekend, my boyfriend and I ended up unexpectedly at Mastro's Ocean Club in Crystals inside City Center for the first time.  We go to Vegas quite a bit (about once every 2 months or so) and have passed by this place quite a few times.  The interestingly constructed architecture of the main dining area has been quite the source of amusement to us in the past... it resembles something like the shell of a wooden submarine that has exit chutes above and below it to spit you out into Crystals when you are done with your meal (btw, this is a joke.  You do not get ejected from your seat.  It is only my strange sense of humor that comes up with this stuff).  My imaginative uses for the architecture aside, the design/layout is nice; it makes you feel as if the restaurant is floating in the middle of Crystals with a very open and airy feel.As we were walking through Crystals on our way back to our hotel room at Aria from a long day of shopping, we decided to make an impromptu stop at the ejection submarine and see if there was any chance they would take us as walk-ins on a busy Friday night.  With it being such an upscale spot, I was sure we would either be turned away without a reservation or asked to wait for a ridiculous amount of time.  Au contraire!  They offered us immediate seating in the bar/lounge area or a few minute wait for the main dining room.  Since we felt a bit underdressed for the location, we opted for the bar/lounge area and were glad we did.  We had the perfect seat right next to the piano player and fiery red-headed chanteuse, who was pleasantly entertaining. We were promptly greeted by our amazing server, Sara.  The only reason I know her name is because I made sure to ask her for it when we were leaving as I knew I wanted to review this place.  Sara was so attentive, knowledgeable about menu, friendly, and always two steps ahead of us -  really as perfect as a server can get.  All of her recommendations were great as well.I had the swordfish (I hadnt met my mercury quota for the month yet) and my boyfriend had the bone-in Ribeye.  We shared the most delicious side dish - the Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi.  My swordfish paired very well with gnocchi and it was the perfect combo of light and creamy.  However, my boyfriend's Ribeye wasnt anything stellar.  It wasnt as flavorful as a most quality Ribeyes should be.  It's on our do-not-order-again list.  This is an "Ocean Club" though so maybe that was his error for ordering one of the few non-seafood options.  Now,  for the absolute BEST part of the meal.... THE MOST HEAVENLY DESSERT EVER - Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake.  Even if the rest of the meal and service had been horrible, which it was far from, I would have given this place 5 stars just for this dessert!  I dreamt about this cake the rest of our stay in Vegas and cant wait to go back again on our next trip just to have it.  This creation alone makes Mastro's Ocean Club one of my top 5 all-time favorite restaurants.  I would happily get ejected from this sea-faring vessel any time! ;)Sorry for the ridiculously long review, but I had so much to comment on and didnt know where to shorten it.
4	This place does steak right. Also been to the one in the valley and just perfection
5	Mastro's was recommended by a co-worker who went to one of the locations in CA and absolutely loved it. I made reservations for a group of friends and I, and despite some initial resistance from my fellow Yelper Lauren M., we all had a fabulous time and were more than happy with our decision to come here!Our server, Lionel, was amazing the whole evening. He was friendly, helpful, and attentive. He recommended we get a customized seafood tower, and everyone in the group was very impressed.We were also impressed with our meals. I got the bone-in filet, and two of my friends split the tomahawk special. My other friends got fish. My filet melted in my mouth and was cooked perfectly. I don't typically get filet when I go to a steakhouse, but I was so happy with my meal! We also got the very popular lobster mashed potatoes for a side, and it was delicious. Lionel brought us out some of the warm butter cake for dessert, and it was amazing! You could definitely smell the butter as soon as he put it down on the table. You must try it if you come to Mastro's!The setting is a little weird, as you are essentially in the middle of a mall. Honestly, the food was so good that I could have been sitting literally anywhere and enjoyed this meal!
4	Thanks to the Mad Hattrix's mouth-watering review of the pretzel bread, Mastro's became my top choice of the perfect Vegas steakhouse to celebrate my steak-loving boyfriend's birthday.Knowing that the restaurant is located in Crystals--a shopping arcade (mall is far too down-market to describe this place) featuring Tiffany, Cartier, and LV--I had a feeling this would be an expensive celebration, and it was, but well worth it.Our table in the treehouse wasn't ready when we arrived, so we sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I thought I was prepared for Vegas prices, but I was wrong. Martinis that cost $18?! But when in Rome ...As our bartender raised the shaker to pour the martini into the oversize martini glass, I noticed that the cocktail shaker itself was about one and half times the size of your regular shaker. That's right, we got about three generous martinis out of that one shaker. Unfortunately, we'd each ordered a martini, which is why the rest of my review will be a bit vague.This Mastro's features a variety of seafood, and you can create your own seafood tower appetizer, even if it's only for one. We passed on a seafood appetizer and ordered a very good Caesar salad, followed by a bone-in rib eye for him and a bone-in filet mignon for me. Our waitress also sold us on the lobster mashed potatoes--1 1/4 pounds of lobster chunks folded into buttery mashies--so we enjoyed some seafood too.Between the monster martini and the addictive pretzel bread (soft with a slightly chewy exterior, sprinkled with salt), I had a hard time saving room for the entree and ended up taking half of it home. But it was one of the best filets I've ever had. Although I love the tenderness of filet mignon, I typically prefer the flavor of a rib eye. Both were excellent, even as leftovers.The restaurant provided a complimentary slice of chocolate cake to mark the occasion. And although it would have been nice if they'd given us their famous butter cake, which they'd talked up, it didn't really matter because I was too full to have even one bite.I guess I'll just have to go back for more pretzel bread and that butter cake. But next time, I'll definitely share a martini--and maybe remember a few more details.
4	Terrific steak, the lobster mashed potatoes were great. The best part was the butter cake dessert. You must try it....amazing. I would give it five stars if it had better ambiance....it's in the middle of a mall.
5	Heard about Mastro's for a long time and finally had a chance to try it in Vegas.This location is insides the Crystals @ Citycenter.  If you go to this location make sure to request to sit in the tree house (it's the giant wooden structure you see in the pictures), it's much more interesting then just sitting in the regular dining room.The service was impeccable; water was always full, the plates and crumbs were constantly being cleared and the waiter was friendly.Me and my wife shared the double cut porter house.  This thing was REALLY good, and was probably the best steak i've ever had at the time.  We were not even hungry and we ate half of it.   Took the rest to go and the next day i just straight up ate the leftovers straight out of the box (no fridge or microwave in the hotel room).
1	I'm shocked this place is averaging as high as it is. I ate there for the second time last night and the meal is best defined as overpriced mediocrity. The oysters were good, steak ok, desert a waste of calories.  I was there there the 1st time as part of a hosted corporate event and the food was bad. I hoped if eating at a table vs private room it would be better. Wrong!  Save your money and eat elsewhere... Preferably not in City Center though as all of those restaurants seem to be overrated.
5	This Mastro's is better than the one in LA. All 3 of us couldn't believe how good it was. The sauteed mushrooms are out of this world. I had the 12oz filet (not the on the bone filet) and it was amazing. I don't like bone-on filets personally. I know i'm the only one. It was great. Its in the mall at the aria/crystals/whatever the fuck its called place, but its a pretty upscale mall with lots of swanky shit goin on - so don't stress, its not mall food-ish at all.
5	All of their locations are great. They have the best steaks west of Chicago, hands down. You pay alot but get your money's worth. Great side dishes & service. You MUST try profiteroles & or cherry cobbler. Enjoy this a great restaurant.
5	Outstanding...and I live at the ocean and love steak!Not my first "surf and turf" experience, heck, not my first of the week but probably the BEST I've ever had.  We went with the live lobster table side shelled by Tanya and the bone in fillet.  Lobster cooked to perfection (not over cooked) and steak was so tender it cut with a fork.  Drinks and sides were also wonderful...house special lemon drop, crab and truffle gnocchi, twice baked potato and mushrooms.  WOW!High end Vegas at its best.  Shops with million dollar dresses in the window surround and live "Vegas style entertainment" abounds.  Definitely highly recommended (and the ONLY five star review I've even written on Yelp!).**((edit: ok at the time the only fiver I had given...found you need to do fives sometimes to bring up the average from the unwashed...sorry to be misleading in anyway ';-))
4	Landed in Vegas and went on a mad hunt for a place to eat with the boyfriend. Wandered into Aria and found this swanky little place. Went to see if they had any tables open. About a 30 minute wait so we decided to do open seating at the bar. We ordered the mussels for appetizer, scallops for the main dish (for me) and steak for the mr. The mussels and the scallops were a little too salty for me, but the texture of the scallops was cooked perfectly. I also felt like I was eating the same thing with my main dish because the scallops came on slices of bread which was the same type of bread that was served to us for appetizer. The portion was quite generous though. The bf and I were trying to guess how many I'd get. I thought maybe 2 big pieces, and he thought maybe 3 moderately sized pieces. The dish came with 5 moderately sized pieces. The boyfriend's 12oz filet, however, was on a whole different level, and I couldn't stop eating his food. Juicy, tender, not overcooked (he got medium rare). It was the best steak the both of us have ever had. Seriously, TRY THE STEAK!
5	Best steak I've ever had. I had the Bone in filet cooked medium rare and it was so tender it just dissolved in my mouth. I also shared the lobster mashed potatoes and it was probably the best mashed potatoes i've ever had as well. It was super creamy and the lobster was cooked perfectly.I came here w/ a group of 20 other guys for my friends bachelor party and we were given a private room w/ a tv so we could watch some football. Boys night out w/ steak, wine, and football? Cant beat that. The Bachelor kept saying this was way too fancy and it was all too much when he walked in the room. But one of our waiters told us "This place is fancy...but you can act ghetto if you want. just relax and have a good time."We had an excellent experience w/ even better food. This place is legit.
4	Overall, I really enjoyed my meal but be prepared for a different ambiance! The restaurant is literally in the middle of the mall, with the tables pretty much out in the open. Not a huge deal, but definitely not ideal. I had the mambo salad (spicy caesar salad with no croutons), 8 oz. Petite filet and cheese cake for dessert. The filet was perfectly prepared, served on a burning hot plate that sizzled and continued to cook the sides of creamed corn, spinach and garlic mashed potatoes. Our table also shared the steamed mussels appetizer, which was excellent! Highly recommended!
4	Let's begin with, this location is in the middle of a mall.. which alot of other reviewers have brought up i know - but it's the main reason for 4 stars instead of 5. It does get a bit loud and the view is of a shopping mall.. a high-end shopping mall, but still. Not my ideal view for a such an awesome spot. It is what it is though!The room itself is very nice, lots of seating, lively atmosphere, great looking staff. I have been a couple of times now and the service is always great when I have gone and the food spectacular. I have ben to Ocean Club a couple of times, but this most recent visit was a dinner of 'Dungeoness Crab Cocktail', 'Ribeye' and '10 oz Ahi Sashimi' . We shared everything with a side of sauteed spinach .. and a few martinis. :) I loved was the personal style serving from the individual pans that the food items were seemingly prepared in. The service staff has always been very pleasant and makes the experience very comfortable. The Ahi was fantastic with a really beautiful presentation laid out on a long plate with a finish of a really tasty sauce. The ribeye was prepared expertly, perfect medium rare with still  a beautiful grill flavor. The spinach was .. spinach, sauteed.. but was excellent nonetheless! haha.. I was having such a great time and enjoying the vibe of the place overall. There was a piano player in the corner of the room playing standards and old-school vegas tunes.. Sinatra and the like. It gave a beautiful feel to an elegant style dinner. My friends and I aren't the most refined diners, but we know how to have a good time, and Maestro's made us feel welcome within that setting.Now don't get me wrong... this ain't your downtown steakhouse with a $4.99 steak special.. you WILL drop a pretty penny to have some seriously tasty grub.. but I do believe it's worth it.  At over $150 a head when we dined there last, it was worth the money but definitely be ready for a big bill. It's nearly unavoidable. Have a great time, and happy eating!
5	Good quality, well prepared classic food.  The staff is excellent and went out of their way to ensure a great experience, despite having no reservation and probably expecting a small tip due to light orders.Despite being packed the entire time we were there, and when we were leaving, we had everyone's full attention during our experience, and wanted for nothing.Bottom line:  It's expensive, but the experience is commensurate with the cost, and despite it being LV and having a sterile and yuppie look, there's a lot of warmth there.
3	Went here last week and was a bit disappointed about the location.. it was like eating in a food court. Granted we did sit in the tree house but that was only after requesting we move our table and make it clear when the reservation was made that it was a "very special night" upon which we were stuck in the very back corner...gee thanks guys! I would like to say the Seafood Tower was incredible, although I would prefer the food on there chilled and not frozen, that was not so great. Steak was epic which boosted the rating to 3 stars. Overall, not where I would go again while in Vegas, I will leave Mastros for those who do it best in California.
3	What drew me here was the treehouse! I've never dined in one in the middle of a mall so we figured why not? I like to people watch too. We went here a couple months ago so my complete recollection is foggy. The features that stick out are the ambiance really. The food was good but nothing that made me say wow, i need to come back and eat this again. I had the miso cod and escargot.  Both good but not memorable. What was memorable was the ambiance. It was romantic yet there were large groups around that worked well too. There was a piano man right next to the bar area that took requests all night. We even stayed and hung out bar side because he was so good! When dining make sure to request to sit IN the treehouse, if not there's not too much of a wow factor in your experience.
4	Insane collection of meat and seafood. I guess you can find stuff to nibble on here, but why? Epic portions of well prepared seafood and meat. A wagyu bone-in rib-eye doesn't come by very often. Holy jeez what a fantastic steak! I actually could not stop eating it. With the surf accompaniment of a grilled lobster tail - I was like in food Valhalla! And although they claim the restaurant in in a tree-house in the middle of a money mall, the caliber of the food let me overlook the pretentious vibe for the most part! Not for the penny-pincher!!!
5	Couldn't stop eating...steak, calamari, scallops, lobster mashed potatoes, spinach, butter cake!!  Impeccable service, nice views of crystals, and awesome leftovers:)
5	This review is for the warm butter cake!!!A friend of mine found out I was in Vegas for my birthday and all he said was make sure you go to Mastro's Ocean Club for the warm butter cake. I was like ok...I'll try it.  He was like no, you better try it.So, I was on a hunt to try this warm butter cake.  To my surprise, my hotel is literally across the street from the place. We get to the place at 11:30pm and the hostess tells us we're closed and we're bummed.  Bummed because we're scheduled to leave tomorrow and wouldn't have the chance to try it.  We begged to just sit at the bar and see if they would let us order dessert. She said sure...YAY :)Got to the bar, looked at the menu and the bartender said you have to try our signature dessert dish and we said ok but we're here for one thing and he said the warm butter cake and we were like YES!!!!!When it came out it was sooo beautiful.  To cute to cut!!! The cuteness didn't last long.  We took our first bite and OMG...decadence!!!! It was mouth watering. It was fabulous. It was soooooooo sweet and so good.  i could feel my sugar levels going up but I didn't care :)Gotta try it!!!
5	I love Mastro's. My groomsmen took me here for a part of my bachelors party. Had the New York Strip steak medium rare. It was cooked for perfection. No need for A1 steaksauce because you only put that on a crappy steak. This place does not have a crappy steak at all. The steak cut real nice, it was juicy, tender and flavorful. The sides were awesome too. The cream corn was very delicious. It was creamy and the corn did not taste like something out of a can. Also had the shoe string onion strips and they went well with the steak and sides. If you have to splurge on a steak, this is a place to do it at!!!
4	The boyfriend decided to make a dinner reservation here for my birthday. He had to keep adding people to our reservation but they were accommodating and allowed our changes.The place is located in the middle of Crystals, the shopping center at City Center. We arrived on time for our reservation but they did not have our table ready so we grabbed some drinks at the bar. There was live piano playing and singing so it was a pleasant wait.Dinner was good and the service was good.I got the bone-in rib-eye and it was good. It was tender, juicy and flavorful.Sides:Creamed CornCreamed SpinachGarlic Mashed PotatoesSauteed MushroomsAll the sides were delicious. It's family style so the servers will initially go around and ask if you want a serving and will serve you.It was an amazing birthday dinner and I would come back here if I ever get the chance.
5	Since I had a good experience at the Mastro's Steakhouse in OC, I decided to try this Mastro's Ocean Club in Las Vegas and let me tell you, I had an even better experience.  It's probably due to the fact that I LOVE SEAFOOD!!!I was tempted to get an appetizer tower but there were other things on the  menu that I wanted to try that were actually served hot so we opted out of the tower.  Instead we ordered the following:*Seared Ahi Tuna - (just as good as the first time I had it in OC)*Sauteed Sea Scallops - 3 pieces of jumbo scallops with three pieces of bread, in a rich creamy sauce.  AMAZING!!!  I just found out I'm moderately allergic to scallops but I love jumbo scallops so it doesn't stop me from trying them anyways. SOO YUMMY.* Chilled Alaskan King Crab Claws - came out served is a cool bowl with dry ice.  Loved it.  Way A lot more tasty than shrimp cocktail or lobster option.  This was definitely more than filling but it didn't stop me from ordering a Chilean Sea Bass for my entree since my favorite fish are chilean sea bass or cod anything.  I'm use to ordering these type of fishes miso style but since it wasn't an option, I decided to order it pan seared.  It came out nice fluffy and buttery.  I ordered it cooked medium.  I really liked the consistency of the fish and how it was cooked but wouldn't have minded some type of sauce to give that extra umph.To be honest, I couldn't enjoy it as much because I was so stuffed!  I really wanted to try the infamous warm butter cake but I guess I'm just going to have to wait it out until the next time.  I will definitely come back :)
5	A culinary delight!  Started off with the beefsteak tomato and mozzarella salad.  Chose the salmon blackened for dinner and shared a mountain of sweet potato fries and the cream corn.  For desert I ordered the butter cake which topped the meal off perfectly!  The Mastro's Martini is a must have if you like martinis.  Don't be scared off by the $19.00 price...they bring the shaker out and it fills the glass three times!  Superior service.  A great evening out!
4	A snobby Canadian boy took me to the Mastro's Ocean Club. The conversation didn't go that well and he was as full of himself as he could be. Luckily, the delicious food and wine made up for the sour date.We started with the oysters (Blue Points I think). They were fresh and delicious. We then shared the seared scallops and bone-in fillet mignon as our main dishes. The scallops were cooked perfectly. They were a bit creamy for my taste but overall a solid dish. The bone-in fillet mignon, omg, was soooo good, probably the best steak I've had in the US. The meat was tender yet full of flavor. I was in heaven and couldn't care much less about whatever Mr. Snobby was barking about. Oh and we shared crab gnocchi as the side dish (with a price tag of $30, a bit steep for a side dish.) I also had a glass of Pinot Noir (ZD '09) to go with the steak - the wine didn't have enough body, but it went very well with the meat. I knocked off one star because they served the scallops and the steak at the same time in the same plate, which I really didn't like. I would prefer having them separately. The scallops should have come first and then the steak as two individual courses. This way I could have really taken my time to taste each dish. Overall, I really liked this restaurant. As for my date, I found out he wasn't all that annoying anyways. He was kinda cute and was quite thoughtful when I wasn't feeling well at the end of the meal. I may come back to the Mastro's next time I am in Vegas. Will I go out with Mr. Snobby again? I think so.
1	Worst dining experience of my life. Came with the family for my son's 21st birthday. Reservation was at 10:00. Main course didn't come out until 2 1/2 hours later. Service was horrible. Food was barely mediocre. I wouldn't recommend this abomination of a restaurant to anyone. I am usually pretty easygoing. I can't even remember the last time I even complained about a meal. Our reservation was at 10:00pm.  We sat in the bar and had drinks until our table was ready at 10:30. We sat down and our server took our drink order while we looked over the menus. The drinks came in short order and then the fun began. We ordered several appetizers, salads and our main courses. The appetizers included tuna so our server told us that he would bring those first since they came out quickly and he wanted them to be fresh for us. They did come out first. About a half hour later. An hour into our meal we were still waiting for our salads. Our server was off working the cash register. I couldn't get his attention so I got up and went over and asked when our salads would arrive. He looked at me like I had two heads and said he didn't know we wanted them out so quickly after our appetizers. Mind you we were now over an hour into our meal and had long since eaten the appetizers which were so so. They finally showed up a half hour later. I got up again and asked to speak to the general manager. The server told me it was all his fault but I insisted on speaking to the person in charge. Eventually someone came up who introduced himself as the assistant manager. He apologized profusely, told us that section of the dining room was running slow and what could he do to help. I said please send out our meals. He looked at me quizically and asked if I really wanted my food to come out right away since we still seemed to be into our salads. I said yes just bring the food. He said right away. A half hour later our meals had not yet arrived. I found our server and told him that most of us had lost out appetites since we were so upset with the service. We wanted to cancel our food. All except the birthday boy who still wanted his steak dinner. It finally came out. He had ordered it medium. It was charred nicely on the outside but when he cut into it, it was so raw I swear I saw the slab of meat start to squirm. We had to send it back. It came back and was cooked to the right temperature. My son took a bite and said it was OK. Some tried a bite and agreed it was very mediocre. He finished and we left. The impression we left with was that they thought we made far too much of our service. In fact we had assumed that the reason the assistant manager came over was that the general manager was not working that night. Not true. She was the woman with the walkie talkie hovering about in the background we later found out. She never once came over and and seemed to have no interest in trying to help us out. Please people, if you have any compassion, boycott Mastros. HORRIBLE!!!
5	My husband and I went to Mastros after it was highly recommended by my boss, and listening to Mark & Brian from KLOS go on and on how great this place is.  Well, they were not joking.  Had an absolutely fabulous dinner,  We both ordered the Bone in Fillet, melted in my mouth, this was the most Delicious steak I have ever had.  Ordered the side of cream corn, which we shared, excellent once again.  The ending was the best, as it was our anniversary, Michael our waiter( he was awesome!) brought us Mastros signature butter cake, to die for!!  The service was suburb, from the hostess who sat us, to our awesome waiter.  We will definitely be back (soon I hope!)
5	Everything here was spectacular from beginning to end. I went here for dinner on a Friday evening. The restaurant itself is located inside of Crystals in an open area of the shopping center. Despite the open area, the atmosphere was still very nice and the live music really added to it.My Experience:Starters-The bread was pretty good-The Shrimp Cocktail was delicious and the horseradish was spicy!Main Course & Sides-I ordered the Filet, and having dined at another steakhouse earlier in the week, I must say, the filet here was incredible. This was probably one of the best filets I have ever had!-The sides were just as amazing. We had the mac and cheese, green beans with almonds, mashed potatoes, and creamed corn. I would recommend all of them as there wasn't one I did not like.Dessert-I'm not a huge sweets guy, but I was told that I HAD to try the Butter Cake even though we were already stuffed. It definitely lived up to the hype as a MUST TRY dessert!Overall, I had a great dining experience here. Our waiter was awesome and we never felt rushed. I would HIGHLY recommend trying this place next time you are in Vegas!
5	I gotta go 5 stars. The spicy horseradish that comes with the shrimp cocktail is the best I have ever had. Simply incredible! Everything here is very very good. It is probly the most expensive place on the strip though, make sure you save your pennies! LOL. Also try the crab cake, you won't regret it!
5	Great food and great service.  I've never had a bad meal!
4	This place is still a 4 to 4 1/2.  Pricey but great food and service.  The steaks, lobster tail, and sea bass were all worthwhile.  They have a nice bar that you can grab a drink at before dinner and the music they play live is nice.  Typically, standards.  Leave room for dessert.
4	My husband and I are huge mastro's fans! We have dined frequently at the Beverly Hills location and thought it would be a perfect date night on our last trip to Vegas to experience their Ocean Club. The location of this restaurant is in the crystals shopping center which is a little bit of a disappointment.  We dined in the tree house which was beautiful but the view of people shopping and the mall did take away from the ambiance, thus the four stars. I am a sweet wine type of girl and had the moscato, which was so smooth and sweet.   For an appetizer we ordered the scallops which were cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. For our entree my husband ordered the chicken and I ordered the bone-in rib eye.  The Ocean club is the sea food version of their traditionally restaurant but offers many of their beef variations.  Most of the appetizers are seafood options but they offer their regular sides with additional seafood options. The mac n cheese and garlic mashed potatoes were great as always.
3	Decor was very nice, cool tree house in the mall.   Service lacked as it was very slow and took a long time to get the bill...Portions were HUGE,  wish we knew that before ordering because no one finished their meal and what a waste since we were out of town.  I hope the bus boy ate my wifes left over chicken.  It was a whole chicken it looked like!!  But it was sure good...My wife did not like the live music nor the singer, she looked good, but really did not sound good.  Plus they ruined a classic REM song. Overall ok and a bit over the top, would I go back?  no...
5	Second time to eat here, almost exactly one year apart from each other--both times for a bachelor party.  We actually had the same waiter both times.  This place is fantastic.  We had a seafood tower for the appetizer with all kinds of incredibly fresh items (dungeness crab, two types of oysters, lobster, shrimp, snow crab, etc.).  You can get that made to fit a particular price point per person.  The scallops were incredible.  The wine selection is great.  Highly, highly recommend.
4	Mastro's Ocean Club is one of the high end dining places that has opened up in the last year or so at Crystals which is part of City Place.Technically speaking Mastro's is a chain, though it doesn't carry the chain vibe.  The locations of the handful of Mastro's that exist live in high end cities like Scottsdale, AZ, Beverly Hills, CA and Chicago, IL.  This location in Las Vegas was tagged with the words "Ocean Club" to show off the fact that not only do they have steak but a large selection of seafood too.Steak is what Mastro's have built themselves up as and if you are thinking about dining here I would suggest the steak.  They are famous for firing their meats in an oven that burns hotter than 1100 degrees F.  I ordered the bone in ribeye that I split with my friend.  We did the usual recommendation of medium rare and in my opinion it came out perfect, though it was too bloody for her and she sent hers back to be cooked more.  Of course Mastro's is a la carte and buyer beware the sides are HUGE.  One side order can be spit by 3 people.  We ordered the grilled brussel sprouts and they brought them out piping hot still in the skillet and put the skillet on the table.  Wine selection is wonderful.  Though the food is pricey the wine prices are affordable with decent bottles for only $27 though they go way up in price.Dessert was a chef's creation at this Mastro's in Vegas (executive chef Wayne Schumaker) which is the signature warm butter cake.  This is a large piece of butter cake that has a sugar crust that is baked hot along with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a pile of homemade whipped cream.  OMG ridiculous good but again could be shared with like, 5 people.  The only major downside to Mastro's is the music.  They have a live piano bar that you think would play soft, classy music like jazz or piano but instead you get very loud, karaoke type performances by an older man and woman (ages 60+) who use an iPad connected to the piano to sing modern and past day pop music such as Pink, Katy Perry, and even Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks".  If Mastro's would lose the cheesy, loud, awful music they would go to 5 stars.  Bring headphones and enjoy a nice dinner.
5	Yeah yeah, this place is great (ribeye, lobster mashed potatoes, truffle crab gnocchi, butter cake). Comparing CRAFTSTEAK??Service: Waaaaaaay better at Mastro's. Craftsteak reminds me of being on a Caribbean cruise, and that's NOT a good thing.Food: Larger portions and better execution at Mastro's. Craftsteak seemed oversalted on its steaks and lacking on everything else.Ambiance: *see Service comments :)
4	One of my favorite steakhouses. The only part missing for me in regard to this location is atmosphere. The two Arizona locations and the Beverly Hills location have an intimate atmosphere. I find this open air mall location distracting.
4	I will preface this review with the fact that family was in town and this dinner was free!We had reservations for Saturday Night  at 8:30 pm for a group of 7. I am always leery of a restaurant that is in the middle of a mall. I don't care how fancy the mall is, I think mall food every time I dine at one. Mastro's my friends is no Mall Food Place.The Service was top notch, we had a waiter and 2 bussers, while I'm sure they had different tables, they were always there when we needed them. It was like they were our dedicated staff.The meal was top notch, starting with the amazing bread basket, continuing through the entrees, the family style sides, and ending up with an amazing dessert (which they comped to the table).The Bread basket was a good start, it had Pretzel Bread, olive bread, a Parmesan crisp, and few other breads. The sides were amazing, they are served family style in surprisingly large portions. We had Creamed Corn (some of the best I've ever had), Creamed Spinach, Lobster Mashed Potatoes, King Crab Gnocchi, and Mushrooms. We also had a few salads to pass around the table, 2 Caesars (one regular and one spicy), Tomato and Onion, and Tomato and Mozzarella. A seafood tower and crab cakes were also ordered, I'm not much of a seafood guy but everyone else loved it. They entrees were pretty stellar as well, I was splitting the 33oz Wagyu Tomahawk cut with my uncle, but since he was too full from the salads and sides, I had to man up and eat the whole thing myself (the things I have to do). This was one of the best pieces of Cow I've had in my life (and I've had A LOT of cow). It was cooked just a touch under medium rare (perfect IMO), the marbling in the meat was insane, and it came out on a scorching hot plate. I don't know how they cooked it but it was perfect. Table mates also got the Seabass, A Filet, and a few other meats, I was very impressed with the size of their portions, most places would serve about 4oz of fish, but their filets were about 12oz servings.After dinner, they brought out a Warm Butter Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream for the table, it was a great end to the meal, and comping it was a nice touch!I have no clue what the meal ran, but it was amazing. My only complaint is that their bar area isn't the best, if they're going to make you wait 10-20 mins for your table they need more room in the bar. They did however have a great piano player and singer who played a variety from christmas carols to current hits which only added to the amazing meal.Will I be back, hopefully, especially if someone else is picking up the tab!
5	I came here for a nice dinner with a special person, and I absolutely loved it. First of all, the xmas decorations in the mall were amazing. Set the mood very well for our dinner. We checked in with the hostess, and the hostess who walked us to our seats was very friendly. We sat next to the live band, a lady singer and a guy pianist/singer. They played really good music ranging from older American pop songs to older R&B songs with their own twist. I couldn't help but to quietly sing along during dinner. We ordered the following:1. lobster mashed potatoes - this was the best mashed potatoes I've had in my life. They really don't skimp on the lobster meat either you would find huge chunks, and it was like digging for treasure! The meat was also cooked just right, and it was really fresh. If you go to this restaurant, this side dish is a must get if you like lobster. 2. Sauteed Asparagus - pretty standard just got this dish to get some veggies. 3. Petite Filet Mignon - usually I like more flavorful cuts like ribeyes, and I don't really like filet mignons because they are lean. However this steak was so tender and cooked just right. I enjoyed it a lot. It was just the right portion, 8 oz, since I wasn't too hungry.3. Sea Scallops - I had a small bite, the scallop was cooked just right, medium rare, and the meat was so sweet!!Definitely recommend to come here on a special occasion, or if you won from gambling!
5	Loved the dungeness crab appetizer, crab and truffle gnocchi, and lobster mashed potatoes. The steaks were good but not better than other high end steakhouses but the sides and appetizers were amazing.
1	Food Poisoning!!! It was my birthday dinner no less. We had heard good things about this City place seafood restaurant so we gave it a try. I ordered the breaded Chilean Seabass. First, my fish didn't taste right and was on the cold side. I sent it back and they cooked it a little bit more and brought back the same fish but it still tasted wrong so I asked them to take it away. I only had 4 or 5 bites total and thankfully no more b/c I can't imagine how sick I would have been if I had eaten the whole thing or even half! I asked my husband to taste it before I sent it back and his stomach felt unsettled all night but he didn't get sick like me! The "took off" my seabass but when we got the bill my they charged us for the fish special of the evening ($57). My fish was supposed to be $47 and my husband ordered the blackened red snapper ($44 I think). I felt so bad by the end of dinner I didn't even get to have a birthday desert.Their crab claws were overly salty (appetizer) but good sized. The lobster mashed potatoes were good and my husbands fish was seasoned well and didn't get him sick. Save the overpriced meal and associated stomach ache and go somewhere else.
5	I came here for my friend's 30th birthday dinner. It was delicious. Seafood was obviously delicious, but what really surprised me was that their sides were also great. This restaurant served me the best gnocchi I have ever eaten. Just for that wonderful surprise, I give this place 5 stars.
5	What is not to like about this fine dining establishment located in Crystals found at the heart of the City Center.Supurb steaks......Lobster mashed potatoes........Super sushi rolls...Excellent seafod.....An extensive wine list Buttercake with real whipped cream for dessert ...... oh yeahhhhhhThe location is very unique, in that you can sit out on a terrace in an art deco treehouse and under some beautiful chandeliers.The service is very good, the wait staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.We had an enjoyable evening topped off by a table visit from Lucianna, the manager.We were recommended to enjoy "Earthquake" an excellent Cabernet Sauvignonfrom the Lodi vineyards, California.I would pass that recommendation on to you - if you are enjoying the fine steaks....... It is an absolutely supurb wine selection.At first I was sceptical of the Lobster mashed potatoes, but the dish is a real treat.... and the portion is so huge that it can be shared by all at the table.A totally unique sidedish... containing an amazing amount of lobster Don't miss dining here....I think this is one of the finest dining experiences you can enjoy while in Las Vegas.I can not wait to return.
1	I sent an email thru the Mastro website to let them know I got food poisoning at one of their restaurants. No response from them yet. I guess the restaurant doesn't care about their customers...
5	Just Great!  Mastro's Ocean Club is a must STEAK HOUSE (we weren't there for the Ocean fare), inside this shopping venue.
3	Stopped in to Mastro's Ocean Club recently on a work related dinner.  We got to sit under the Tree House that overlooks the Crystals Shopping Center.After waiting about 15 minutes to be seated, we started with the Seafood Tower because nothing says over the top LV dining like a seafood tower.  On this tower were jumbo shrimp, a variety of crab legs, and some oysters.  Served on the side were a traditional cocktail sauce, their atomic horseradish, and a mustard sauce.  I was a little too liberal with the horseradish sauce and can confirm that the "atomic" description is accurate.For my main, I went with the Ribeye steak and the table ordered a variety of sides: lobster mac and cheese, creamed spinach, gnocchi, asparagus, and au gratin potatoes.  Unfortunately, the highlight of my meal were a few of the sides.  I really enjoyed the lobster mac and cheese, the gnocchi, and creamed spinach, all of which were excellent.  But my steak left a little to be desired.  It was flavorfull, but the piece of meat simply had too much gristle.  I appreciate a bit of fat on my steak, but this piece of meat had just a bit too much on and I had to cut around quite a bit of my meal.  Based on the other reviews, it sounds like my experience may have been out of the ordinary, but from my experience, there are better places to try in LV.
5	I have now had two amazing meals here and can't wait to return.  The steaks, lobster mashed potatoes, and that brown butter cake are the must orders for me.  Sitting in the tree house is quite nice and I love hearing the live music from the bar.  The service is excellent as well.  I love being greeted by the friendly woman at the front.  (It's a pet peeve of mine when nice places put bitchy girls at the front who act like they are bothered that you showed up - ugh.)  The front people are so friendly, even on super busy nights.  All around - this is a really top notch place.
1	I've been to the Beverly HIlls location and it is my favorite steak joint. The service was awesome here but the food was very disappointing. Portions were way smaller and the quality was not the same. Very disappointing when I was hyping it up to my family. I will not be back.
4	Mmmmmmm!  Best steakhouse in Las Vegas and there are a lot of them.  Everything was PERFECT at our meal.  Very pricey, but worth it.
1	Not impressed!
5	Out in Las Vegas for a week and this restaurant is my new favorite on the strip. We were late for our reservation and the hostess was very nice and very accomadating. The fish and seafood were some of the best I have had. I have seen on the food network how the desert flies in the best seafood, but this restaurant really proved it. to top it off the restaurant called the next day and made sure everything was great. 5 stars for this place and can't wait to go back.
5	As yummy as it gets! We came to this restaurant based on reviews and we love trying all the great restaurants when we are in Vegas. Wow Mastro's did not disappoint! The lobster mashed potatoes were delightful and my filet was cooked to perfection. There was a fun band playing when we went which really added to the ambiance. It was pricey but so worth it! Oh and our waitress was truly the best! Oh and the buttercake for dessert was soooo good the real whipped cream was to die for =)
5	Five stars all the way :) My boyfriend and I came here for our one month anniversary, and it was an incredible dining experience. He ordered the Filet, and I ordered to Chilean sea bass. Both were cooked to perfection. We got the gorgonzola mac and cheese, and the salt and vinegar fries. The mac and cheese was EXTREMELY cheesy, so order it only if you love cheese. Our server was fantastic, and gave us a FREE buttercake topped with ice cream for our anniversary! TIPS- Get the lemon drop! It was delicious, and so worth it because there is enough for two full glasses. - If with a small party, ask the server if he can make the sides half sizes. i had no idea they could do that, but our server did it for us. (And we still had leftovers!) - Sit in the reehouse
5	18 oz bone-in filet was the best and priciest piece of steak I had so far.  Lobster mashed potatoes were good.  The portion was huge.  It can probably feed 3 to 4 people.
4	Was lucky enough to go here two nights in a row during CES. It was awesome. The steaks are high quality and cooked perfectly. The sides were all very good. The seafood tower is a fun thing to order with the dry ice making a cool effect at the table. On the 2nd night we hd a group of 15 and they put us in a private room which was nice. If you need to make a large reservation ask for Carly... she was very helpful!
5	My girlfriend and I took a whole week vacation off to visit the West coast. It was our first time trip to visit Las Vegas, and the entire experience was amazing and unforgettable. Amid the many alluring performing shows, the endless eyes-dazing slot machines, and the gigantic resorts were some of the most fantastic restaurants that Vegas could offer. We first passed by OC while exploring the riches on the famed Strip. It was located within the beautiful Crystal. Upon seeing it, both of us were intrigued by the outstanding artistry presented by the original designer. The structure's frames were made out of steel and covered with fine, deep red wood. Between the frames were giant crystal clear glasses that allowed a perfect view from both within and out. However, the most salient and attracting feature was that the entire structure was slanted. My words would be lacking and limited for the description, but just imagine an hourglass tilted like a forward-slash sign. Bemused by its charm, we booked a table on a Monday night and dressed in proper attires, girlfriend in a beautiful orange-red dress.We arrived around 10pm after seeing the fantastic Le Reve at Wynn. Being Monday night, the restaurant had only a few tables occupied. We were given a table near the crystal glasses, which allowed an excellent view for the outside. Our waitress of the night was very friendly and polite. As she went slowly on explaining the menu she also told us that the structure was called "The Tree", its name inspired by the tiny leaves spurting out of the joints of the steel frames. From the menu, we picked "Dungeness Crab Cocktail" and "Vanilla Batter Shrimp" for appetizers, a "Fillet of Arctic Char Oreganate" with "Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi" as entree and side dish. The crab cocktail came in a special tall glass container filled with mist giving dry ice. Each large lumps of crab meat was tender and fresh with the saltiness and sweetness of the ocean. The vanilla fried shrimps were gigantic in size, each crispy on the outside and tender within, a must try for shrimp lovers. The arctic char was perfect, cooked to medium-rare the way I loved. It was a huge fillet more than enough for the two of us to share. The Oreganate style was foreign to me, but the combination of butter, spices, and bread crumbs had made a wonderful sauce suited well with the fish. The gnocchi was huge in portion, baked in large hot skillet and filled with delicious cheese and crab meat. The mix of crab meat, cheese, and truffle gave the dish an unique and saliva dripping aroma. However, due to the large portion, over-stuffing this huge amount of cheese, crab meat and gnocchi is not recommended. You would need to trust me on this, as the first 5 bites would have you mouthwatering for more, but double that you would start having the too-much-cream-stuck-in-your-stomach feeling, and beyond that would be just too much to handle.  Alas, at the end, gf and I had to pick out the delicious crab meat along with the truffle to eat and wasted a large amount of the gnocchi.Regrettably, since we were on a tight schedule for a night club to visit, we skipped the desserts - What a shame! Dinning at Ocean Club was such a wonderful experience. My gf and I enjoyed every minute from beginning to end. Yes, it was a very expensive place, but so was everything else in Vegas and every penny spend was well worth it. So by chance if you ever stop by Vegas, be sure to checkout this amazing restaurant.
5	We had dinner one night at Mastro's, and what a great choice!  I can honestly say everyone on staff made our dining experience a complete delight.For dinner I got the chopped salad, gulf red snapper, and the twice baked potato.  In addition, our server also brought some warm, fresh bread out to the table.  Everything was SO GOOD.  Truly, the fish was so fresh I would not be surprised if it had been caught that very same day.  The seasoning on all the food was perfect, and I didn't have to add salt, pepper or anything.  Truly tantalizing.  The portions were also large.  The potato was definitely big enough to split with at least one other person.To top off my experience, someone from the restaurant actually called me the next day to ask how our experience was!  That was a first for me, and I was majorly impressed.  The next time I go back to Vegas, we will definitely be stopping in at Mastro's again.
3	We made reservations for 7:30 pm for a return visit for our annual visit Vegas.  Last year our service was so over the top, the food so good, and the unique ambiance made it a great meal. It was still a great, er good meal. We arrived at 7:20 for our party of seven reservations. Both cabs got lost. We were seated at 8:30. The management seemed unable to deal with people camping at the table. We suggested they offer to buy them a drink at the bar l get them off their butts and get out!!  Once we were seated, we had the wonderful seafood tower. Our wait staff was good, not great (like last year). Examples is very pedestrian descriptions of the specials or main dishes. Our waiter went through the list rote. Our meals were deliverd together, but several times we had to ask for water, the bus staff made comments and interrupted conversations with their removal of plates. I think bus boys should not participate in table conversation, unless asked. My bone-in strip steak, ordered charred medium rare was neither, and NOBODY askede if I was satisfied with the steak, which surprised me.  My steak wasn't charred and it was rare.  I know, some people say medium rare and really want medium. I know the difference. I like 120 to 130 degrees max. My steak was rare or actually cool and uncooked in the middle. I'm in the food business and actually run a meat wholesaler. My steak was just so-so, it had some tough parts and the undercooked aspect make me leave at least 30% of the meat on the plate. The gnocchi and the lobster potatoes are worth the trip. I'm not sure how to avoid the hour wait for a table, but it was frustrating. Last year it was a 5 star meal, but due to average service, the long wait, my steak being undercooked and average quality, it was a 3 star night, and it was over $1,000.  Ouch.
5	Mastro's is always fantasitc, highly recommend their seafood salad that they have under appetizers, it's beyond excellent. The dining experience never ceases to amaze...
5	I am usually a four star reviewer.  If the food is good and the server is attentive, that is good enough for me.5 Stars are for the rare occasions both the food and server are over the top good.  Mastro was both.  First Mastro is in the middle of the almost new City Center construction project and mausoleum for the lost profits of Dubai and the MGM Group.  It is a really nice place filled with shops people can no longer afford.Mastro from the outside looks like a brown tree house in this glitzy cloud.  It is a really beautiful build out with a long and a two dining areas, one in the tree house and one outside said house.It is a traditional steakhouse with tons of cuts of cow cooked to your liking and ubiquitous sides:  4 different types of spuds, veggies, etc.  I do not eat steak, but most of these places will have one chicken dish and really decent seafood.I ordered the salad, scallops and split the sweet potato fries.  The salad was huge and could have/should have been the meal, especially after the  box of 6 kinds of different breads.  The scallops really excelled with a Parmesan flavoring, but the hit was my friends Arctic Char, which was perfect....and I mean perfectWhere is there fish that good in a desert?The waiter was excellent and goaded us into dessert.  We asked him about the Praline Vs House Special Batter Cake.  He said try one as they were his favorite.  He would let us try the other.  Both were phenomenal....As is this place....Really great food and total culinary experience
5	Mastro's Ocean Club located in Crystals at CityCenter is absolutely the best place restaurant with the best service on the latest Vegas business trip. In fact, I was more impressed with the non-swanky mall location than its Orange County siblings.The Mall is incredibly quiet and the piano acoustics are phenomenal, making dinner at the bar or at a quiet table a very nice experience. Victor is a great bartender and the service is wonderful. As with all Mastro's, the wine list is incredible and goes on and on. Tonight was a Darioush Cabernet starter night as I pondered this wonderful menu, trying to stay light and healthy, amongst some decadent alternatives. Eventually, I decided on a starter of Jalapeno Tuna Sashimi which is ahi tunasliced sashimi style, topped with fresh squeezed key lime juice, thinly sliced jalapenos, and ponzu chili sauce. This is light despite looking like a lot of chili sauce. Next, a salad of beefsteak tomato and onion with balsamic was a refreshing without being super oldtime steakhouse heavy! For an entree, I ordered another small plate: The lobster cocktail which is 1.25 pounds (including shells). Now after eating all of this, I have slowed down and am just enjoying my wine when a couple of friends show up and we decide to end the evening with the crab claws which are excellent.What an incredible meal, great services, great music and very relaxing.
5	Went to Ocean club for dinner on our last nite in Las Vegas-had been there before and loved it. Well, this time it was even better than we remembered!  Almost as soon as you sit down, the waiter brings an amazing bread basket with the prize being the hot pretzel bread.  We split the bacon wedge blue cheese salad and my wife had the big eye tuna rare. It was a huge portion of incredible, slightly seared sashimi. I ordered the New York medium and it was perfect medium with no grizzle or fat.  It comes on a plate that is 400 degrees with clarified butter on the bottom. I can honestly say it was one of the best steaks I've ever eaten. Sure its $50 bucks, but I've had lots of crappy 50 dollar steaks in my life and this was worth every penny.  We ordered the side dish that the waiter suggested.-home made gnocchi with either lobster or crap meat and gorgonzola cheese. Maybe the best 29 dollars I've ever spent!  We had a great bottle of merlot and unfortunately, couldn't finish all of  the food so we passed on the amazing selection of desserts but will leave room for one next time. And no, I'm not related to the owners!  Just had a fabulous meal and want to share our experience!!
5	I am going to make this review short and to the point.  You should come here.  The food and drinks are superb, the wait staff are very friendly and attentive and the restaurant is amazing.  Worth the money for sure.Get on it people.
4	Delicious! I started with Conundrum Mixed White from Cali, then had the Chilean Sea Bass Ponzu (FREAKING AMAZING) and the Jalepeno Tuna Shashimi... Both are amazing appetizers. I then ordered the Sea Scallops and the side of brown butter Brussel Sprouts... I've never had a side as good as THOSE BRUSSEL SPROUTS! Addicting. I was dreaming about them last night! The Scallops are in a butter sauce that I could drink! Thankfully they serve the dish with bread to soak up some of the amazing sauce! PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and visit this restaurant! The staff is amazing!
5	Every dinner I have had at Mastro's Ocean Club has been delish!! I am heading there tonight and can't wait to have some of my faves.... Tuna tar tar, Chilean sea bass and the brussel sprouts!!! Mmmmmm. Can't beat having live entertainment as well. Managers and service is the best here. See you soon!
4	My first thought when seated was, "It's a good thing all of these world class stores aren't doing any business because it sure takes the edge off a high-dining experience along the mall food court railing". Our table felt like a satellite location for a sparkling contemporary version of daddy's classic steak house. And we weren't even seated in the satellite (you'll get it if you visit). It just seemed surreal for a "room" with such distinguishing attributes. I won't hold that against them, much.It was just my son and I that visited to celebrate his 21st. Matt was our dining guide and he was fun. Not like, "let's have a Vegas night!", fun. Just that he carried his demeanor well and kept his smile on. He was very, very consistent in that his presentation to each of the three tables nearby was identical, and specific. He was meticulous to ensure accuracy and satisfaction.We were completely impressed by the young lady and gentleman entertaining the room. We later learned that it was their first night at Mastro's. Their acoustics in that challenging environment are absolute perfection and their talents are superior.  We went light on the openers which were supplemented by an abundant variety of stellar bread choices. My son is All-American in his need for a Calamari appetizer. It was the best we'd ever had, and maybe will. I had the Ocean Club Salad and, again, maybe the best complete salad I've ever enjoyed. My son ordered the Bone-In KC Strip a little less than medium and he dubbed it The Crown Jewel of his steak experiences. He couldn't finish it and he finishes everything. I asked for the Bone-In Ribeye. Matt helped me herd descriptives into a perfectly cooked finish. I'm still thinking it's the fact that I live in Colorado, where even onions and garlic sometimes have difficulty offering flavor, but if it's possible to have too much natural flavor in a steak, it happened. I'm taking accountability on that one, because it's not Mastro's fault I live at high altitude. This was a huge steak and I hardly dented it. We sided up a strong contender for best garlic mashed, which we carried out more of than we ate. So we get this this lovely shopping bag, consistent with the elevated neighborhood, to carry our midnight snack down the strip with. I have so many reasons to go 5 star all over this place and fractions of thoughts about why I wouldn't. Those fractions, the bulk of which are carried by the food court railing ambiance, add up to one. And I won't insult Matt because I liked him.When I return in May, I might just take the other half of the family because I can't go wrong on this one.
5	This is my current pick for the #1 best place for a business dinner in town (assuming cost is no object). There's a nice variety of steaks and seafood, and the ambiance is quiet and fantastic. It's not too trendy or loud, and the food is classic and well prepared. The tree house area is especially nice. We tried a bit of everything, and all of it was fantastic. The cold seafood tower appetizer was fantastic (the stone crab claws were the stand out!). For our entrees most of us got seafood and were all pleased! I loved my arctic char, although it was HUGE - stupid HUGE. Honestly it seemed like 16-20 ounces of freaking fish on my plate. With all the other yummy food floating around I could barely polish off a quarter of my fish. If I was dining with my husband, this is definitely a dish we could share. The best side with the crab and black truffle gnocchi... OMG.. best gnocchi of my life ! The lobster mashed potatoes were pretty incredible as well. So the butter cake did live up to the hype! Moist, rich, delicious. Four of us split this and felt like there was more than enough to go around. Even if you don't think you have room for dessert - this cake is good enough to warrant making yourself sick !I can't say I tried any meat, but for seafood I really loved this place. Great service, and great food.
5	Yay - I've always wanted to eat in the Tree restaurant inside City Center! :DUnfortunately, we were not actually seated inside the tree, but tis okay! Our group of 5 (3 other girls were too drunk to make it, but anyhows), was seated near the door. Hint - if you are seated along the wall, make sure you sit in the booth with the white plush walls. Awesome to lean your head against!Our waitstaff was superb, although I was a bit sad when they didn't offer any comp things for our meals taking so long! Womp. Also, our table was super dim, we could barely see each other.As a party of 5 girls (and our first and only meal of the day), we had:* Seafood tower w/ oysters, claws, jumbo shrimp, crab. Uhhmaaayyyzing. Get this. Pick whatever you want. I'd go without the oysters as they clocked in about $5/each and were not mind blowing. DEFINITELY get the jumbo shrimp - they were huge and already peeled! There are few things better than that in the world.* Alaskan king crab black truffle gnocci. UMMMM I am OBSESSED w. this dish. So buttery, so creamy, so YUMMY! I could not stop gobbling this ish up. * Lobster Mashed Potatoes - nomnomnom! Had huge chunks of fresh luscious lobster nestled within the creamy mashed potatoes. Fan! * The special 32oz kobe steak, cooked medium rare. This was perfection. $98 worth of absolute perfection. The steak was a perfect pink and melted in my mouth. The leftovers even tasted amazing. * Chilean Sea Bass, blackened per our waiter's recco. Unfortunately, I didn't love this dish....so i don't really have much to say about it. I think it had more to do with the way it was prepared (I generally don't have my fish blackened) than the fish itself - but not impressed.Two girls split a bottle of red vino for just $33 - surprisingly priced at such a nice resto.At the end, our bill came out to just about $100 pp. Pricey - definitely, but I think it's worth it! Make sure to request a tree house table!Oh - at the end of the meal, our waiter gave us to-go sippy cups for the rest of our vino! He also jokingly asked if my drunkie friend would also like a cup of agua to go ;) puuahaha
5	Hands down one of the best steaks I've ever had.  I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the food and how good the waitstaff was.  They even comped us some deserts and a portion of our meal due to a couple of the guys being former military.  If you're looking for a good steak, this place is for you.
4	I was introduced to Mastro's by a friend of mine.  He had nothing but good things to say about it, so last year, we gave it a shot. Mastro's is the perfect hybrid of really good seafood and classic steakhouse.  When you walk in the first thing you smell is the juicy steaks coming out of the kitchen. This was our second time here and I'm not going to lie, I was a little worried that it wouldn't be as good as I remembered. Lucky for us, it was just as good. I remembered that they had a nice wine list and they still do. Gramercy Guy was able to get Darioush (one of our favorite Napa wineries) by the glass, which is really hard to find. While our waiter was walking us through the menu, some specials, and suggestions, I zeroed in on a salad called, the Spicy Mambo, which is a take on a Caesar salad, without croutons but has horseradish and blue cheese crumbles. It was really tasty and I'm looking forward to going home and adjusting my Caesar dressing recipe with some fresh horseradish. A secret menu item is the Mastro's Mash. It used to be on the menu but has recently come off, if you ask, they will make it for you. It's like a loaded baked potato but mashed. We also got sauteed spinach, don't forget your greens.The design of Mastro's is really amazing, they have what they call a 'tree house', a wooden structure that has two levels. The bottom is the Crystal's information desk and the top level is the Mastro's tree house. When we booked our reservation, we requested a table in the tree house. Once you step inside, the atmosphere totally changes, the band (which is really good) gets muffled and it's very relaxing and feels almost private (there are about a dozen tables).My advice for anyone going to Mastro's...share...the portions are huge and unless you have a place to store your left overs, it will all go to waste. Also, the pretzel rolls in the bread basket are amazing. To see pictures and read more, go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/mastros-ocean-club-las-vegas.html
5	The bomb- awesome- just like the Beverly Hills place.Not only is the food amazing- but they actually used alcoholin there drinks  (unlike many places in Vegas)We went on a Thursday night- and the eye candy of "available"women waiting for clients was mind boggling.  All the senses my senses were tickled at dinner.
5	Great service, great steaks. Felt like i was dining in a ufo pod of some kind. Mastro's definitely operates at 10 out of 10 level
5	Oysters Rockefeller, Escargot, Ahi Tuna tar tar... and lobster mashed potatoes with CHILEAN SEA BASS (oh, how I loved you!). This is a perfect menu. The place is beautiful, food is amazing, service is impeccable - this is Mastro's. GO.
1	We were celebrating my wife's birthday and decided that we would go out for a nice dinner.  After a couple of our first choices were not available, we did get a reservation at Mastro's.  I can see why they had availability on a Saturday night.The night started out really well.  The live music in the lounge was very good, and our server in the bar recommended a fantastic Riesling.Once we were seated, our server recommended a couple of salads.  I had a spinach/bacon salad.  Nothing special, but ended up being the star of the meal. For the main course, I decided to try the vanilla batter twin lobster tails, because I read that it was a specialty of the chef.  I should have known something was up when the server also said I could get the tails baked or steamed, or a combination of those options.  I chose steamed and the vanilla batter.  The steamed tail was just fine, as expected.  The battered tail tasted like something from Long John Silvers.  It was so salty, and greasy, it ruined what should have been a great dinner.  We also ordered a twice baked potato to share.  This should be a very safe and tough to screw up dish.  They managed to do so.  My wife and I both commented that we get better twice baked potatoes from the grocery store, and we certainly prepare them better.  These must have been sitting out for a while, and were probably over cooked to begin with.  They were so dry, we could not finish it.We had two waiters for the evening, and we never saw them.  I'm sure they saw our meal and did not want to check in with us.  No refills on our water, much less filling our wine glasses.  I did see the manager at another table, but she did not stop by to see us about our meal.The star of the meal if there was one, was the portion size of the ahi tuna sashimi.  It was reasonably priced, but loaded with seeds, so bad that it was a chore to wade through them.
3	I found Mastro's on Yelp and didn't realize that it was the cool restaurant that looked like it was encased in a cocoon (now known as The Treehouse) when I shopped at the city center a couple of trips back.  I made reservations that day via Yelp and although we waited for about 15 minutes for our 9pm reservations, we were lucky enough to be seated in the Treehouse.  Very cool!  I had the lobster bisque for a starter and the bowl was HUGE!  It filled me up quite a bit and from the mid point on, I wished I had it to share but managed to drink it all.  It was a bit rich so I was kind of done with it before I finished it off but didn't want to waste any of it so I was a trooper and drank it to the last drop.  Chilean sea bass seemed to be the popular recommendation so that's what I ordered for my entree and that was definitely delicious.  It's a good thing I didn't order any sides because those two dishes totally filled me up!Great place to try and would recommend at least going there once.  It is a bit pricey but I think worth the experience. Next time I go back, I'd like to go back with a whole bunch of people to get their seafood tower.  The table next to us ordered that and it looked really cool.  If not for the food, just to take a picture to post online.  Haha!
4	Overall, this is a solid choice for an evening of fine dining. But there are a few annoyances keeping it from being 5 star.We walked in with no reservations but it was early and we were sat immediately. We were escorted to a table outside the bird nest, which wouldn't be a big deal if they were not playing the most awful fine dining lounge music ever. After requesting a new table there was some initial resistance but eventually they sat us in the birds nest which thankfully has traditional dining background tunes. - 1 starThe service was quick and friendly though we ordered way too much food. I don't feel we were properly warned about the portion sizes of the side items. There was easily more than a pound of food left uneaten. But what we did eat was good enough to avoid losing another star. Simply put it was all around delicious. Judging by what we had, the dishes I watched go past me, and the reaction of the other diners... close your eyes and pick anything you want... it will be great.In summery, great food, good service, $$$-$$$$, but- Unless you want to bring earplugs to dinner, be sure to get a table in the birds nest!
2	I regret not going back to Jean George's Prime restaurant. I wouldn't  go back to Mastro's if you paid me. To be fair it wasn't because the service was bad because it was very good. Props to our waiter Troy.If you're a steak-snob you're going to weep for the cow who gave his life to the second rate chef who doesn't know how to season a cut of meat. I ordered the 18oz bone-in filet which is a glorious piece of meat. It was the first time in my life I didn't finish a steak.If you're like most people you'll have ONE, maybe TWO, nights to eat out in Vegas. If you're  considering going to Masto's, that means you're likely considering other high-end restaurants like Prime, Cut, Craftsteak etc. Regardless where you go, you're going to spend $90-$150 a person so wouldn't you be disappointed if you weren't blown away?!Go to Prime.
5	GREAT steak!Had the bone-in ribeye... delicious. Minimal sides as the Vegas "eating tour" had me full, but definitely couldn't miss the dessert (chocolate cake, crumb cake and whipped cream). A must-do next time you are in Las Vegas!
5	Went here for my wedding dinner 4/6/2012. We were early so we sat at the bar. Had some really cool drinks thanks to bartender Amy. Very accommodating restaurant. Food delicious. Especially the dessert which we were too full to eat. But we did anyway! Delicious. Make it a point to go there, you won't regret it.
5	My first visit to a Mastro's was this past weekend and they didn't disappoint.  My girlfriend and I had the bone-in ribeye (x2) and the lobster mashed potatoes.  The steak? Cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Nice buttery taste to it even though it doesn't come out in a plate of butter (like that other steakhouse.. heehee).  The lobster mashed potatoes?  Heaven on a dish.  It is definitely a must order the next time I go to a Mastro's.
3	I liked this place, but I think it's more for the atmosphere than the food.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good - it just didn't quite live up to what I was expecting.  We ordered the seafood tower and everything was delicious.  For my entree, I ordered the petite filet.  While good, it definitely could have been seasoned more and was a bit overcooked.  Honestly, I think Kevin Rathbun Steak has ruined  every other steak restaurant for me - nothing will ever to compare to the steak I had there.  As a side, we ordered the gorgonzola mac and cheese, which had far more mac than cheese unfortunately.  I could barely taste the gorgonzola at all, and given it's strong flavor, there had to be practically none in there.Drinks were top notch and the service was excellent.  We sat in the treehouse, which was very cool, but the food just didn't do it for me.  Unfortunately, it just didn't live up to my lofty expectations.
2	The bad - made reservations at 9, didn't get seated until 10, paying $15 for a drink, it better be a damn good drink. Far from it. We are in Vegas there are plenty of options at here, so for not being in a club, i didn't want to pay $15 for a bad drinkI split the special - waygu steak bone in, it was a huge piece of meat, but for a $100 i truly didn't see why this was such an expensive piece of meat The good - the manger did come over due to us waiting an hour before we got seated and she brought over some Beef Carpaccio which was some of the best i have ever had.The Ok - Lobster Mashed Potatoes, sounded better then they tasted.I wouldn't recommend this place and i will not be coming back.
5	Great food, music, service and atmosphere.
5	So far, it's the best ribeye steak I've ever had.  Very juicy and tasty.  Can't go wrong with this dish.
5	I was here on a business dinner.Didn't have any drinks so I can't comment on that.The hostess was this beautiful brunette, I'd say around 21.Got seated without any issues and our server was a guy in his 30's.He was funny, quick and sarcastic. Can't recall his name but he had some facial hair and we tipped him well.I went with a rib-eye and the wasabi mashed potatoes. Excellent.
5	I come here everytime I visit Vegas. I usually share the Porterhouse, which is amazing - Tender and a top quality cut cooked to perfection.Top it off with the Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi and Lobster mashed potatoes, it's definitely worth the visit. Yes it is pricey, but it's as good as it gets!Book ahead and ask to be seated in the Treehouse!
4	Mastro's where to begin. Located in the Crystals mall just outside the main entrance to Aria, sister restaurant to Scottsdale & Beverly hills' location. we embarked on night one in Vegas.  So let's start with the drinks at the Piano bar a very nice opening where a piano man and gorgeous singer belt out a few tunes prior to dinner where we were seated in the Tree house so to speak.  Bright open and airy we were treated service wise very nicely.  8 Tonight and waiters and staff were brisk and efficient.  The standard push for bottled water well you get the drill. A High end steak house and fish place that needs no preamble.Great Start bread basket with Pretzel breads and such excellent! I'll run it down.  Shrimp cocktail is a highlight with the dry ice making the fog come off the shrimp it's an eye catcher.  Asked for horseradish on the side oh boy the hottest dam thing I've ever consumed. one drop in the sauce made my dry stuffed nose wince and my head was cleared like a nitrate ammonia pack from my football days. Yea baby it was good! A lobster cocktail was also equally outstanding.  Multiple salads were also ordered and shared from a Chopped house salad, a Cesar salad and beefsteak tomatoes & Mozzerella.  Skip the last one. Entrees: 7 Steaks one piece of fish.Every single steak was absolutely delicious From the bone in filet to the strip to the bone in KC Strip there were outstanding. One was cooked or shall I say undercooked and the handled it not only by fixing the dish but removing it from the bill.  The Hawaiian big eyed Tuna was horrible only way to describe it. Sorry but another get this out of here moments. Sides: All very generous in size and easily splittable among the group 4 sides way too much for 8 people.Lobster Mashed potatoes a die for moment outstandingSauteed mushrooms yummyGorgonzola Mac & cheese another to die for momentCreamed spinach excellent.All and all a fine dining experience with the drawback of a couple of 1 undercooked steak and one bad entree both removed from Bill make this a nice experience.
4	Came here for a business meeting and my boss told me to try their martinis. I am not, what-so-ever, a martini drinker but, I cannot rave enough about their Dragonberry martini.Off the bat, I was thrown off by the jalapeno in the drink but, I think that's what made the drink different, special, and delicious for me.It had that extra kick with alllllll that alcohol.
4	Great Spot! Been to the one in AZ and this was just as good. Great service, great food! The bar area has a great look and the light entertainment was enjoyable. Will consider going back next time in Vegas!
5	A great experience from beginning to end. Excellent customer service, fantastic food, great wine and exceptional company! Highly recommend Mastro's.Biggest highlight was the rack of lamb, extraordinary!
5	This time I had a plan: share a martini and save room for the warm butter cake!Since our server, Leonard, kindly allowed me to split a martini with my friend, I actually remember my second visit to Mastro's in its entirety: from the amazingly addictive pretzel rolls, to the heirloom tomato and Campagna burrata salad, to the filet mignon (served with Bearnaise sauce, upon request), to the lobster mashed potatoes--and, finally, the famed warm butter cake.This cake, alone, is worth 5 stars! The warm butter cake portion was more than enough for the three of us, served with a drizzle of berry coulis, sliced strawberries, a scoop of vanilla ice cream melting on top, and, in a separate bowl, enough whipped cream to frost a double-layer cake.My first spoonful filled my mouth with warm brown sugar-sweet goodness, with the cake texture somewhere between a Genoise and a pound cake. The cake was wonderful on its own but we couldn't help but top our tastes with the whipped cream. We were so full from our meals (most likely due to that extra order of pretzel rolls) that, sadly, we couldn't quite finish the warm butter cake.I plan to return for an all-carb meal next time: pretzel rolls and warm butter cake!
5	What can I say, I'm a baller...I LOVE Mastro's.  They do it right.  Top quality service, top quality drinks, top quality food.  For the first time I had the oysters here, and they were ... AWESOME.We walked in, no-reservation, found a table in the bar area, watched the Lakers lose to OKC (yes!) and had another swank experience.  The huge wooden design thing-thing dining area that opens up/sits over the mall provides for a great atmosphere also.. (ref pic)The place is all that.
5	How can anyone not love this place?  Amidst Yelp's Spring Break festivities and other dining excursions we had in Vegas, the dining experience at MOC was one of the most memorable.  From the amazing "eighth wonder of the world" tree house we were sitting in, to a generous martini offering, to excellent overall service....it was beyond a five star experience. And I haven't even scratched the surface yet.   With all the eating going on in Vegas, I could have been very content with just their fresh pretzel rolls and a fantastic Campagna Burrata salad.  But I couldn't resist and......order more pretzel rolls.  They were just too addicting....try their Brussel Sprouts.  Lightly salted to perfection....taste the Lobster Mashed Potatoes.  One order can feed an army.  ...sample their Petite Filet.  Medium rare truly melted in my mouth....and savor the Seared Sea Scallops.  Cooked just right with an orgasmic garlic butter sauce. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GI-CAiZ_Gg3h21PwrANB4Q?select=krtNnXcIArthzdx-FQ1_RA#MwXtyVuKcCbgmgFiZySLuQ)Just when I thought it was over, I was reminded of their infamous Warm Butter Cake for dessert.  So I had to be a teamplayer and try a little.  It was heavenly.  No matter how full we were, dinner was not complete without indulging in this popular dessert...and the accompanying gigantic bowl of whip cream. I discovered that 10 spoonfuls is "just a little taste" when it comes to this cake topped with vanilla ice cream and sliced strawberries. Ay! Their mysterious live piano artist kept us entertained and added a nice touch to the ambiance of not only the restaurant, but around all of Crystals mall. This will not be the last time I dine here, that's for sure. Even though we were running late to a Yelp event, it was well worth it!
5	Found ourselves back in Vegas for the weekend. So, made the Mastro's reservation and as always happy we did.We are long time diners at Mastro's in Scottsdale and Beverly Hills, so we know their far quite well.One of the best, or the best steakhouse in Vegas. Always consistent in quality and service. Great atmosphere, crowd, food, and service. The wine list if pretty vast and many good selection, The staff is always very attentive, and there at just the right times. The food is always top shelf and prepared well.I have had the same meal for 17 years, Bone in filet, asparagus steamed, and Mac/cheese. All were terrific.We will always see Mastro's as leading the pack of steakhouse, been to many others and never as happy. Worth the money.Tip: request the tree house tables, but only after spending 30 or so minutes in the bar soaking up the fun crowd.
2	I do not get the great reviews this place is getting. Main course was awful. The restaurants in Orange County & LA are so much better then this.I was there Friday May 4th with a group of 20 people. I thought it would be amazing since it is Mastro's after all. It was the opposite. Good service, but food was so so. My twin lobsters were so over cooked. It was tough & crunchy. I ate half of one & gave up. Felt bad not to eat it, but it was awful. I eat lobster all of the time & it's supposed to melt in your mouth. That was not the case here. The rest of my group ordered filet mignon & they were all complaining as well. Over cooked & chewy is what I was told. The shrimp cocktail was fine. The oysters were ok. The asparagus wasn't good. The cremed corn was good. The alaskan king crab black truffle gnocchi was excellent. The creme brulee was great. But, I would never go there again. Unless you are in the wooden dome seating area it fells like you're just eating at the food court in the mall. Not what I expected. Save your money please & go to STK in the Cosmo or Joe's at Caesars. The lobster is to die for.
4	Good, straight forward fish house / steakhouse.  Best of all, you get to dine in a contemporary "pod" in the middle of Crystals (they call it a tree house, either way its cool).  Unfortunately, because of it's mall location, it doesn't feel like a special occasion, destination restaurant rather  "I'm hungry after all YOUR shopping, oh look, a restaurant, let's eat".With the exception of a few starters and a hand full of mains, you get exactly what the menu says, unadorned. No special sauces, no veg.  Just fish or beef on a plate.  Portions are large.  Unless you're hungry, pass on the starters.  They are traditional (raw bar, seafood cocktails).  You can get them anywhere.  Fish is expertly cooked to order.  The thick cut fillet of pan roasted Chilean sea bass and salmon are excellent.  Cooked medium with no sign of albumin (white substance that comes out of fish if the cooking temperature is too high).  Both were moist and naturally oily, exuding their naked fish flavors.  Good quality prime steaks.  Decent aging.  Good selection of bone in cuts.   Sadly, nothing sets them apart from other quality steakhouses in Vegas.  The bone in fillet is tender, mildly flavored.  No complaints.  For sides, its gotta be the rich and incredibly flavorful, king crab and truffle dressed gnocchi or the lobster mashed potatoes.  Chunks of lobster enveloped in a buttery mash that explodes with lobster flavor.  I could eat either an a main and be happy!  Solid wine list.  Vegas resort pricing.Sometimes "a kiss is just a kiss..."  and that's fine by me.
5	Fabulous food and service.  Expensive, but worth every penny.  Great lobster tails and bisque.  Order meals to share as portions are huge.  We will return.
5	This meal was FANTASTIC!      We started with the calamari, it was so fresh with a spice on it and the sauce was tasty. The bread was fresh and I just love a good piece of bread yum! My husband had a salad and he enjoyed it greatly.For the main course I ordered Chilean Sea Bass, OMG! prepared just right. My fish just melted in my mouth. I forgot what my husband ordered but he was completely statisfied. We ordered the Gnocchi and the sauteed broccoli as our sides, loved the Gnocchi and the broccoli was good. I cannot recall if we had desert, but if we did I'm sure it was great. As far as ambiance goes, the place was nice and they had live music going thoughout dinner and we enjoyed it.
3	I heard so many good things about this restaurant. I finally treid it, expecting too much.. I was a bit dissapointed. Service was horrible.. You would think for a nice place it would be pristine. They served my mash potatoes on my plate like it was PRISON FOOD and served the rest of my party the same way. The food was ok not that amazing. I had the Salmon with mash and maccaroni, kinda pricey for the service you get. The food quantity was alot i must admit but it did not WOW me as much. I woudlnt reccomend this place, but if you like to try new restaurants like myself i would check it off my list.
3	Top three talked about phrases for this place from Yelp:1) Lobster Mashed Potatoes (already tried in LA)2) tree house (sounds interesting, I'll take two!)3) Chilean Sea Bass (since it's the ocean club I will definitely try this)Okay just kidding I didn't really order the tree house. It was pretty cool to be seated there because I saw this the last time I was walking around here and had no idea it was for Mastro's. For such a nice restaurant I really expect the sea bass to be of top notch but it sadly was not. We split some sides of scalloped potatoes (everyone thought these were gross and overly salty), sauteed spinach, mushrooms, and mac & cheese. The sides are nice but none of that really matters if the main entree doesn't hit the spot.My friend order the special "tomahawk" steak which is a massive piece of meat on a gimongous bone, making it look like a tomahawk - pretty awesome!
5	Great service, amazing food, and awesome live jazz band. It's a great restaurant. Love the architecture of this place. I had the Burrata salad, Ocean Club Crab Cakes, Chopped Salad, Chilean Sea Bass, and Filet Steak. My favorites were tomato & mozzarella and the chilean sea bass. Very good quality.
4	We were able to sit in the treehouse which got us off on the right foot. Our waiter was in command...a table full of ladies...so we appreciated it. Troy made great wine and dinner recommendations.  By the end of the meal we were calling him "Christian Grey." The bread basket had a nice assortment but I ended up with the pretzel bread based on another Yelp review. I ordered the salmon - blackened, lobster mashed and sauteed spinach. Salmon...close to perfection...mashed potatoes good but lobster was a little chewy. $40 mashed potatoes...wow...they were good, but not THAT good. I will admit that the side portions are definitely big enough to share (we had a table of 4). Overall the food was fresh and flavorful and the service was icing on the cake. Troy/Christian brought us out  the butter cake....SLAP YO MOMMA good!!! It looked dangerous just sitting there on the plate, but after one taste...OMG. We had to exert an insane amount of discipline not to finish it as I am sure it has about 2,000 calories.Looking forward to trying the Mastro's in Chicago.
4	Seems like I've been on a steak kick recently, which makes me realize that my stomach and wallet are inversely proportional. After visiting Gordon Ramsay and Old Homestead recently my gut has increased exponentially while my wallet is shrinking dramatically. Mastros, of course, had the same effect.Our party of four dined family-style and sampled the following:A dozen oysters (Kusshi and Bluepoint). All were delicious but, personally, I prefer the smaller Kusshi.The ahi tuna tartare was beautifully presented in a cylindrical stack with, perhaps, too much avocado, but contained plenty of fresh tuna and a variety of textures and flavors. Ocean Club crab cake. There was very little filler, nice big chunks of lump meat, and a perfectly balanced tartar sauce.The scallops were too rich and buttery and was drowning in sauce. The accompanying toast was deliciously crisp and cheesy.The 22 oz bone-in ribeye, cooked medium-rare, was tender and had a decent amount of fat, as was to be expected. A solid steak, but not as mind-blowing as the beef from the top steakhouses around town.Alaskan king crab black truffle gnocchi. A little dense with a rich, cheesey truffle flavor. Pieces of crab were scarce, but there were plenty of gnocchi for the four of us to share.Alaskan king crab legs. 5 large legs, slightly warm, with clarified butter and lemon. Each yielded plenty of tender meat.That was plenty of food for all of us, but we couldn't leave without trying their infamous warm butter cake. It was large enough for each of us to get a few bites. It came with a ridiculously large side of fresh whipped cream. I was expecting the cake to have a very moist texture, but instead it was a bit more firm with a slightly crispy exterior. The flavor was as sweet and buttery as you would expect. As delicious as it was, it's not something that my arteries and heart can take too frequently.Mastors is pricey, but not as pricey as other steak or seafood houses along the Strip. The atmosphere isn't the greatest either. It is located in the center of a shopping mall, afterall. There's no dim, mood lighting. Just the bright florescent  lights of the mall. The tree house thing looked cool, so request that if you have the chance. We sat just outside of it and it had all the appeal of eating at a food court.There was also live entertainment in the lounge area when we dined. I had to do a double-take because the girl performing looked like Aubrey O'Day. I didn't stick around long enough to see if she had the voice or attitude to match.I'm not sure how this Mastros compares to the ones in California that people rave about, but relative to Vegas steakhouses it's a solid option. It's a step below the top ones in town, but is great for seafood and, of course, the butter cake.
5	40th Bday dinner for my girl and what can I say....Mastro's didn't disappoint. Once again our food/service was awesome, ambience great and drinks were too good! * Try the dream berry martini if you like strawberries.*  Try the Mambo salad. It is a Cesar salad with horseradish in the dressing so it has a spicy kick. Have them serve it with shrimp for something really delicious.* Lobster mash is good and sinful. Don't let it get cold
5	Yummie!  This place was great. There was 9 of us for dinner for a friend's birthday, our table was ready and waiting for us when we arrived, they allowed us to decorate the table, the service was awesome, their menu includes steak & seafood so everyone could order whatever they wanted.  The restaurant was very busy I must say and every table had cocktails on it, both are good signs for me.They have tons of steaks to choose from, lamb, vanilla fried lobster, scallops, and tons of fish. My only confusion came from how the fish was actually prepared b/c there wasn't really on the menu explaining how you can get your fish cooked. After asking the waitress, she explained the 5 fish preparations.Here's what we ate:1) Sashimi tower -white fish, Tuna, lobster rolls all very good [see pix]2) Heirloom tomatoes and burrata salad-very tasty and tons to share3) Escargot-my favorite very very good [see pix]4) Creamed Corn-typically not a fan but I did enjoy this very much5) Brussels Sprouts-eh they are good for you6) Mac n blue cheese-yes for sure7) Halibut Oreganata - almost $50, but was a huge piece of fish, definitely could share this8) the fried lobster was another one of my favorites9) tuna tostadas again very good [see pix]I wanted to try the crab cake but didn't have any room left. We had more leftovers in bags then arms to carry them on.Other notable notes: waiters were exceptional with their service of our table, my glass of Veuve was never empty and the waiter was calling me by name the whole time :).Our bill was over a grand after everything was said and done. So it's on the pricer side.
4	We were 10 min. late for our reservation seated 50 minutes after that, but.....They took excellent care of us.  Can't praise their managers, our server, and entire staff enough!  Food was outsanding!
5	I have had the chance to visit Mastro's Ocean Club twice and both times were equally wonderful. Everything from the wait staff, ambiance and the food are all beyond amazing. Their service is probably as good as it gets. The hostesses are all very friendly in their greetings when you arrive. The wait staff is very attentive. I felt like I never had to flag someone down, there was always someone readily available. The energy in the restaurant is very nice. There was live music being played on a piano which helped to set the tone. The restaurant itself is set up in a modern tree house space located inside of the Crystal's shopping center. There is nice colorful lighting that helps set off the dark woods of the tree house and white table cloths of Mastro's.The food though is the real star of the show. I had the 12oz filet and it was phenomenal. It was cooked exactly the way I like it. Perfectly seasoned. The other member of my party had the bone in rib eye which was just massive. The sides we ordered were more than enough to share. The side portions are a meal in themselves. Their mac & cheese is a must have! So are their sea salt & vinegar fries. If possible, save room for dessert. Their signature butter cake is by far one of the best desserts that I have ever had on the Las Vegas strip. I was lucky enough to receive a complimentary cake from the manager, so if I could, they would get an extra bonus star just for that.All in all, Mastro's is a definite must visit. It's great for special occasions or even business dinners. It will become one of your new standards for what you expect in a restaurant.
5	Two vegetarians walk into a steakhouse and walk out thinking, "That was the best meal I've had in Vegas!!" So what happened?After spending the day hiking in Utah and then driving 4 hours back to Vegas, we were tired, disheveled, and hungry. It was our last night in Vegas. My dad had raved about Mastro's mac n' cheese for years. So we decided to have some for dinner! I admit, I was a little worried that we wouldn't be treated well, being that we were not ordering high priced steaks or seafood. That was definitely NOT the case. We had extremely attentive, first class service the entire time. We decided to eat in the bar so we wouldn't take a table away from steak lovers, and since we were more casual. There was live music, which was loud but not impossible to talk over. Our waitress was just awesome. She explained to us that the portions of the sides were huge and we definitely could share. We appreciated this since we didn't need leftover food. We ordered mac n' cheese, asparagus, and drinks. I had the paloma, a grapefruity drink. It was good! Not overly sweet. My friend loved her berry lemonade. Bread was brought out and was very fancy! There were different kinds of rolls, crackers, breadsticks, and pretzel sticks. Very yummy! Our meals came out and WOW... the sides were huge! Our waitress served us everything... and whenever we finished, she came to refill our plates. Very classy! We ordered pomegranate martinis on the way through our meal and again... WOW. They were amazing! Order one! They come in a shaker, and are poured table side. There is enough for more than one. The waitress came over and refilled our glasses as needed too. We finished every single bite of the mac n' cheese and asparagus. And were full. Too full for dessert. The meal was $100! I can only imagine what it would be with steaks. But it was $100 worth it. This would be the first place I'd come back to eat at in Vegas!
5	Mastro's in las Vegas is wonderful.  Ate there for ten year anniversary.  Service is wonderful.  Food is delicious.  Warm butter cake for dessert(on the house for special occasion) will make you jump back flips.  Lobster mash is incredible. Steaks were fab.  Waiter mike r, was great.  Go and enjoy.
4	This was out second trip to a Mastros steakhouse and it would be hard to top the experience in Scottsdale. The food was excellent and the service was attentive and friendly. The waiter had just a little trouble pouring the wine, but other than that he did an outstanding job and was very efficient. I prefer a darker feel to a steakhouse and with the Ocean club being in the mall that was hard to achieve. Overall I would definitely go again. Bone in rib eye was a little undercooked but excellent. And the butter cake dessert off the hook good.
5	Oh boy, where do I start?I made reservations for my fiance here last Saturday night :) It was his birthday, and so I wanted to take him out. We were in Vegas celebrating, and seeing that this place had high ratings, I took him here to try it out. The restaurant itself is inside a mall, and though we didn't get seated in the treehouse looking part, it was still a pleasant visit. It was our first time dining at ANY Mastro's restaurant, and definitely won't be our last! We got a waiter named Tim (Timothy), and he has got to be one of the best waiters we've ever had. He was very informative and was extremely nice. He showed us the different menus and helped us choose. I decided on the chilean sea bass. It was sooo good! The flavor was on point, and it was a perfect portion size. My fiance ordered the filet for himself, and his was overcooked, but they knew right away after he received it. Dan asked him if he wanted to switch it for a new one, but he said it was fine, and ate it anyways. He liked the flavor and was genuinely fine with it and didn't think it was really a big deal. We also ordered calamari as an appetizer, and a side of sweet potato fries. (Which was family sized, for sharing.. but we didn't know!) The calamari was awesome. We ended up only being able to eat about 10 fries out of that giant pile.. lol. We were too full! A different waiter served us sprite and ended up spilling it all over my fiance's shoulder.. yikes. They did help him clean it up though. In the end, my fiance got a warm butter cake as his birthday gift :D yay! It was so delicious, we ate it all.. despite the fact that we were super full! We were also given complementary wine for the steak being overcooked and for the sprite spill. Now THAT's excellent customer service, and if Vegas wasn't so far, I'd come back more often. I'll miss this place :( Hope the one in Newport is just as professional! But I know if we were in Vegas visiting, this spot will be one of the first places I'd go to eat at. Thanks for the wonderful experience Mastro's! :) Stay gold.
5	I did not get to enjoy my meal as much as I wish... =( but I know for a fact that the food was really good..Me & my girl friend (Amy L) made reservations for 6PM on a Saturday. After dragging ourselves over here from Vdara, we finally made it on time. It was an absolute drag because we were awake for 30+ hours & we felt really crappy from all the "beverages" we consumed... basically we felt like utter sh** and couldn't enjoy our meals =(Located in the City Center, the restaurant is pretty much in the very center of the building. Service was good but a bit slow. I love the assortment of bread, my favorite is the crunchy cheesey-garlicky one =)Here's what we ordered:Lobster Bisque - comes in a huge bowl, tastes very very VERYY rich, not too many pieces of lobster but still pretty deliciousSeared Sea Scallops - I've had this before at Mastro's in Beverly Hills, same thing, still delicious, comes with 3 scallops & yummy cheese/garlic bread. Scallops from Mastro's comes in 2nd place after Providence's :P Bone-in Filet - cooked medium. Comes on a sizzling plate, very good rich flavors and good texture. I was only able to eat 2-3 bites. I did eat the leftovers the next morning & it was still pretty tasty. Chilean Sea Bass - blacken cajun flavored, I think.. It was pretty damn good, texture is very similar to scallops.King Crab Gnocchi - big enough to be an entree on it's own, holy sh*t, I don't know how this thing can just be a side dish lol it's meant to be shared amongst 4+ people.. I thought it was pretty yummy, I love cheese and king crab meat... but this is super duper heavy, I probably would not order this again...Garlic Spinach - tasty but a bit too garlicky for me, it was so infused with garlic that it tasted a bit bitter to me..I am so sad that we were so full that I didn't get to try to butter cake, AGAIN! =( We didn't have much of an appetite at all, plus I think we ordered a little too much lol... we were stuffed after having a few bites of our appetizers.  Service was good, our waiter was a bit slow though. Our water glasses were never empty (thank goodness, we must have drank a total of 13 glasses each..)Restrooms are located on the second floor, kind of a hassle to look for. Bad idea to go when you're intoxicated..Lesson learned: do not attempt fine dining after a night of debauchery....excellent restaurant & food! Must try the butter cake one day.... =(
2	Decent food, but when I eat at a restaurant in this price range, I expect exceptional. The scallop appetizer was perfect, but for being known as a 'steakhouse', both myself and my guest were extremely disappointed. I asked for medium rare, but was handed a steak with absolutely zero pink. Essentially it was like chewing dry rubber. The wedge salad I ordered seemed on par with one I'd eaten at a family chain restaurant (think Chili's or Red Robin). They did fill my drink to the brim of the glass, which was a plus. Overall, I'd rather go to one of the many other steak choices Vegas has to offer.
5	I had the crabcakes, ahi tuna, seared scallops, gnocci with truffles, spinach, chilean sea bass (I like this fish for future reference), and creme brulee with homemade whipped cream (best whipped cream ever).  WOW.  It sounds like so much food now - no wonder i was hurting!!!!  Don't worry though - the pain is gone.
4	To summarize the menu: lobster mashed potatoes and warm butter cake. Whatever else you get doesn't really matter.
4	Visited for lunch last year.  Food quality is fantastic.  Great cocktail menu.  Would definitely try dinner when I have the chance.  Service was great, but restaurant was not busy when I was there.  The Beef Carpaccio as a starter is wicked!!  Big wine list also!!
5	In short, our meal was absolutely phenomenal-- perhaps one of the best we've ever had in Vegas. With every element of the meal nearly flawless, I could not keep marveling over each little detail of our experience. Yelp here has Mastro's at a 4.5+ average on 250+ reviews..this is no fluke! We came here for my mom's birthday dinner and my expectations were MORE than exceeded.We were promptly seated for our 9:30 reservation within the "Tree House," as the hostess called it; it had a very loft feel to it yet was very quaint had a warm, welcoming atmosphere. I'll definitely ask to be sat in this area again. As we passed by the bar area, we were greeted by spectacular live music, consisting of a woman singing accompanied by a fantastic piano player (who also added in some vocals). Big plus for this. After immediately seating us, the hostess hurried to bring us black napkins to avoid the lint of white napkins attaching itself to our dark clothing. We didn't even ask. Nice touch. Rob, our waiter, and the rest of the waitstaff that took care of our table were nothing but spectacular. I was a bit worried at first as my water glass remained empty for a good 15 minutes, but this was the sole flaw of the entire evening (and a minor one at that). Rob was extremely congenial, professional, yet very personable and extremely accommodating of our wishes. We like to split things a lot when we go out to dinner so that we get our own little smorgasbord of items to try...and a smorgasbord we got! Not only this, but the chefs made sure to split nearly everything that came to the table (even the bone-in steak we ordered!) Now, where do I even begin...--Vanilla Battered Shrimp: Caution: Oxymoron... MASSIVE shrimp. The biggest shrimp I've seen in recent memory. The batter wasn't really too vanilla-tasting in my opinion, but this was a delicious starter regardless. Three to an order! --Burrata & Heirloom Tomato Salad: Mmm, burrata cheese is one of my favorites! Yes, this was a typical salad, but the tomatoes were so fresh and the balsamic reduction was so tasty. We asked for a little bit more of this said reduction and they brought out an entire cup of it..whoops.--Clam Chowder: Hands down the best I've ever had. Not overly thick and creamy, yet perfect proportions of ingredients. Piping hot when it arrived which I really appreciate with soups. --Mac & Cheese: Ugh my mouth just waters at the thought of this. Served in a skillet, the mac and cheese was perfect consistency: it wasn't drowning in sauce but it wasn't just a bowl of plain noodles with an ounce of cheese mixed in...perfect proportions (once again). On top was a layer of melted cheese that was just fantastic...I think that there were four cheeses or so just in this topper! --Bone-in Filet Mignon: I really don't like throwing out the "best I've ever had" card very often. Because, honestly, how many things can take that title? Well, this definitely takes the "best filet I've ever had" title. Join the club, clam chowder. It had the taste of a NY Strip, but was tender as a filet should be. And, to top it off, it is served on a 400 degree hot plate. I like my steak kept hot and this obviously got the job done. --Warm Butter Cake: Okay, now this piece of heaven really takes the cake (ha, horrible pun intended). My mom and sister are suckers for butter cake (who isn't..?) and we figured what better time to order it than for a birthday? Out comes this large, circular cake and a BEHEMOTH side of whipped cream. Really. View my picture to see how much there was. Think of a frozen skillet just bombarded with thick, heavy whipped cream. Fantastic dessert. And what's even better? Rob comped this $16 dessert with the simple message of "happy birthday, we're so happy you came in to dine with us tonight." Winnnnnnn.From now on, every time I'm asked for a restaurant recommendation, Mastro's will be the first word to escape my mouth. I cannot wait to go there again next time I've got a few bucks to blow.
5	Manager Dan was kind enough to ensure my second experience here was memorable. Everything was great. From the service (Our server was Tim) , to the food, there is not one thing I can say that was not excellent. We ordered the scallops again, which were as good, if not better than the first time. The clam chowder and chop salad were tasty. The biggest difference was how the steaks were prepared. My bone in ribeye was perfect. Each bite was tender and juicy, make sure to order the Mac n cheese side dish.I would definitely recommend this place. Thanks, Dan!
5	Just like the one in Bev Hills...needs no further explanation, everything is yum and oh that butter cake ending=happy ending
5	Love this place - usually go to the Ocean Club in Newport Coast.Seafood tower was received and eaten.  Fantastic.  Love the dry ice steaming down the table.Dinner - split the wagyu tomahawk chop.  It was huge, but delicious.Dessert - butter cake...don't bother with anything else.
5	Saving the best for last, and it does get better (hence the 5 stars!)After booking a reservation here on OpenTable, I arrived on the date of my reservation to be UNgreeted (I'm using it, English fanatics!) by the *two* associates in the front.  Both were busy with other, more important things I suppose.But then, finally, attention was given.  They couldn't locate my reservation, and then finally found it to let me know it was the next night, not the night I arrived.  I was noticeably upset, as I had even received an email from OpenTable to confirm my reservation.  (I guess it was an OpenTable error somehow though... and have since had other OT issues).Fortunately, they were accommodating in squeezing me and my boyfriend in on a busy Friday night. We got a great spot even - but then I suppose not many seats at this small restaurant wouldn't have a nice "view".   You're in a bird cage overlooking all of the shoppers!Throughout the entire meal, attention was not lacking.  You're pretty much pampered here, and every.single.associate is ON IT.  Are you about to take a picture of your group? Not without assistance from a waiter.  Had more than a few sips of water?  It'll be refilled practically instantaneously.So, the service once seated was impeccable. Drinks - very reasonable for vegas, and they do it right. No dilution here.Food:Complimentary Bread:  Well, I had already known just how good their pretzel bread was from former visits in the O.C., and while the Las Vegas pretzel bread was slightly harder, it was still delicious.Mushrooms:  Infused with something magical.  Seriously, savored every single bite of these. Hands down, the greatest mushrooms that have ever met my taste buds.Mac & Cheese:  Ridiculously cheesy.  Cheese with pasta, with more cheese, with a blanket of cheese melted on top of it.  And surprisingly good as a left over too.  Steak:  Filet Mignon.... no sauce needed, no seasoning needed.  The cut of meat was flawless and perfectly tender.  Dessert:  I did say I was saving the best for last, and this was it.  Butter cake, all the way. Moist cake accompanied with vanilla ice cream... sounds traditional but they've got a recipe that will leave every bite ending with Oohs and Aaahs.  The house-made whipped cream came in a massive pile, and then some.
5	Vegas.  I.  Hate.  You.  We'' make up soon.  Right now?  I.  Hate.  You.Mastro's Ocean Club?  I love you.  No, really.  I actually LOVE you.  So Vegas...  Why do I hate you?  I'll list the ways first.  -McCarron's Baggage Claim is vomit bad.  -Getting a Bungalow at Wet Republic is the most awesome idea ever.  The pain I felt the following day made me want to kick babies.-Losing my ATM card and having $2900 in attempted cash advances happen.-Losing a lot of money at Single Deck Black Jack on Thursday night.  You suck Caesar's dealers.So Vegas....  Why do I still want to make up?  I'll list the ways now.-The Bungalow at Wet Republic.  Oh to be young and dumb again.  Act like ballers and drink our faces off like money didn't matter and Donald Trump was my bitch.-Taking the last $150 in cash I had due to losing said ATM and making 3 Card Poker my bitch for 8 hours after Wet Republic.  Baller status achieved again.-Caesar's upgrading our room to a suite after we collectively lost tons of money.  Then won double that back.-Finally, Mastro'sYou see?  We were out there for a Bachelor Party.  Not just ANY Bachelor Party.  A Bachelor Party of Epic Proportions.  The kind you and your buddies talk about for decades.  Fourteen guys hell bent on reliving college memories from over a decade prior.  Fourteen guys that wanted to go out, make Vegas our bitch, and have the best time ever.  Almost all of this was achieved.  Except for the making Vegas our bitch part.  Vegas pimp slapped us all.  Hold me Vegas.  Mastro's capped the trip off.  We decided to take the Bachelor to a great meal.  Mastro's rolled out the red carpet.  Complete with private room with a view.  No dancing girls.  Otherwise, it would've been a 6-star performance.  Still, overall, one of the Top 5 meals of my life.  Including my hometown Atlanta, NYC, Chicago, LA, and elsewhere?  So what did I eat?  I know you're dying to know.  I had the Dungeness Crab Cocktail to start.  So they do this Dry Ice thing to add to the presentation.  It's cool and all.  I don't really need that stuff though.  The crab itself though?  Slap my mama good.  I remember one of my buddy's trying to grab a piece of grab and me trying to stab his hand with my fork.  Back off my crab homey or get a stump back.  The next thing ordered was the Bone In Ribeye.  If I'm going to eat at a very nice place, I'm probably getting a slab of red meat at some point.  This didn't disappoint either.  Literally melting in my mouth while having a perfect combination of seasoning and outer char.  My buddy asked this time and I still tried to stab his hand.  I'm not normally selfish about food I order, but when it tastes this good and all you got was Salmon and Creamed Spinach, you're simply not allowed to offer that for trade.  Idiot.  I am not kidding about this place though.  It really was that good.  I can't remember our server's name.  He was pretty good though.  Made sure to bring the bachelor some free stuff too.  Not too shabby.  It's probably an amazing place to bring a lady too.  Get the dungeness crab.  I'll be back.  Vegas.  Hold me.
4	Review for Restaurant Week Fall 2012 menu only:I went to Mastros tonight for the first time and I convinced my wife to try Restaurant Week, too!  We were very pleased with the meal.We got a nice bread basket with several types of bread.  I really liked the pretzel rolls with salt.  There were five choices in the basket.Course 1:  We each got a salad--my wife's was a Caesar and mine was their spicy mambo salad.  They were both the same greens but my dressing was made with some wasabi, hence the spicy.  Both salads had a good amount of freshly grated cheese on them and they were very tasty.Course 2:  I ordered the Scottish salmon and Andrea got the 8 ounce filet cooked medium.  I had several preparations from which to choose for the salmon and I chose the blackened option.  The salmon was delicious.  The filet was very good, too.  With their Restaurant Week menu, diners can choose two sides.  We each ordered garlic mashed potatoes.  My wife ordered the creamed spinach and I got the creamed corn.  The sides were huge.  Since we each ordered the mashed potatoes, we got a regular portion which is their standard size for sides.  The corn and spinach were smaller versions.  All three were very good.  I needed salt, but then anything needs salt.  Samantha started us out by giving each of us some of the sides so we each could try everything.Course 3:  For dessert, Andrea got the chocolate layer cake and I got the Key lime pie.  ALong with the desserts, we were brought a large bowl of freshly made whopped cream--lightly sweetened.  The chocolate cake was huge.  My Key lime pie was more a normal size.  Both were outstanding!!We ate in the Tree House overlooking the shops at Crystals.  Service was superb!  Our server, Samantha, was excellent.  The staff cleared tables promptly, cleaned the table cloth between (not that I'm a slob or anything), our iced teas were refilled often, and the pace of the meal was perfect!  I am so glad Mastros participated in Restaurant Week.  It gave me a chance to try it and I will be back.  What a fantastic start to RW Fall 2012.
5	It's restaurant week in Vegas. Saw Mastro's was participating.  Great deal for $50 per person.  I recommend the Mambo salad.  Really unique ask about it. Enjoyed the 8ounce filet, it was perfect! Mine and my wife's. Med rare!  I usually order bone in steaks for the extra flavor, but wow this really had a lot of flavor and didn't taste over seasoned. I we be back and can hardly wait until the newest location opens in Palm Desert Ca. In November!   Keep up the good work. You are tops in my book!!!!!
4	Great steaks, fantastic pretzel bread, the freshest fish (my wife swears by the crab cocktail appetizer) and of course the out of this world butter cake. What a fantastic meal up in the "birds nest" at City Center.  Still prefer the Newport Beach location but when in Vegas . . .
4	Great atmosphere and great service. Their basket of assorted breads are wonderful. The steam mussels were great and flavorful. The escargots didn't have enough flavor in them. The lobster & gnocchi was great and was one of my favorite dish. If you are planning to eat here please call for RSVP because you don't want to wait in a long line.
5	I have been here once, I have not one thing to complain about! The food was delicious, hot, and cooked well. Servers were so friendly, and willing to explain everything on the menu. everything is so over priced, but the atmosphere and amazing, its inside the Aria Hotel, cant complain would go back!
5	i felt like someone importanttttttttttt their service is amazing and the food... melts in your mouth like butter.
5	On my third trip to Vegas, my main priority was not to get sht-face wasted and it was not to shop until I dropped, but rather it was to eat in a treehouse. And that I did! I was sooo excited to try Mastro's (Mah-stro's or May-stro's?) after hearing ridiculously good things about this place. I made reservations online, and called ahead to request a seat in the treehouse. Service is impeccable here! Everyone was super nice and friendly. We started with the lemon drop dry ice martini and it was possibly the coolest (pun intended) alcoholic drink I've ever had! The dry ice fizzles over the top and there is a mini tornado in your martini glass!! It tasted great as well! Perfect blend of sweet and tart - with, of course, a kick of alcohol!To eat, I ordered the filet mignon and we split truffle gnocchi, lobster mashed potatoes and sugar snap peas as sides. My steak was perfectly cooked, silky and tender. The gnocchi and mashed potatoes took it over the top to glutton overload. Those dishes are soooo richhhh and decadent and creammmyyy. Yum. I definitely think I gained 10 pounds that night. Bad for your waistline, bad for your wallet, but great for your taste buds!
5	My first time dining at this particular Mastro's and they did not disappoint. It was restaurant week but our group went and ordered our own stuff anyways. Yeah, this's place is that good hahhaFood Tried: Pretzel Bread - like a soft, warm, perfectly salted pretzel. Lobster Mash - delishMushrooms - I love these tasty mushroomsSpinach - not a big fan of spinach but Mastro's does it right 12 oz bone in filet - cooked just right. Med rare and awesomeService: Great. Attentive and courteous. My friend couldn't finish his 22oz rib eye and asked to take the rest to go. They accidentally tossed it but went out of their way to make up for it. Our group was dressed casually and I can imagine some lesser establishments not giving us this type of great service based just on this alone.
5	Having been to another branch of Mastro's in Beverly Hills, my boyfriend sought to surprise me by making a reservation in this location for my 21st birthday because he was confident that it wouldn't disappoint and he was completely right. Just like the one in Beverly Hills, this place had outstanding service! Honestly, it has better service than the one in Beverly Hills. Our server, Tanya, was amazing. She kinda resembles Chelsea Lately but way prettier.. anyways she was very accommodating even though she was busy with other tables. I was impressed by her. Since it was my birthday, we got a complimentary dessert of my choice and I chose the warm butter cake. It is so delicious. We got escargot for an appetizer following our main course which was a rack of lamb with a side of creamed spinach along with a sushi tower which consisted of hamachi sashimi and clear lobster roll. Every single thing we ordered was simply delightful and at times, I wish I can go to Vegas just to eat at this specific location of Mastro's. Because it's Vegas, it is a little more crowded but the ambiance still reflects an elegant and classy environment. Thank you Mastro's Ocean Club for making my birthday memorable :)
5	I felt like we were eating in a spaceship with the extrordinary architectural design of this restaurant. Once the food started to come, you completely forgot about everything else except the STEAK.  The tomahawk steak is a gigantic rib eye with the RIB still attached and it is HUGE!  I split it with someone and still only could eat half of my half.  But that half...oh my! Tender, tasty and cooked perfectly.  The sides were decadent with the lobster mashed potatoes and the ever yummy mac and cheese.  My favorite side?  brussel sprouts! Amazing, just try them.  And for dessert, even though we couldn't eat anymore, the butter cake. Unbelievable.
5	I admit I had my reservations dining in the middle of a mall, albeit a nice one, dining in the treehouse room felt intimate and classy.  In the grand scheme of steakhouses, I'd rate the food a solid 4, perhaps a 5, but the attention to detail by the staff, fantastic cocktails, wonderful ambiance, and late hours helped Mastro's earn a 5th star in its belt.I was a bit peeved that we had to wait almost 30 minutes for our table at the bar, but the generous cocktail pours helped soothe the senses.  Plus, we were late to our reservation by an hour and a half so I had to throw them a bone (haha!).  We arrived around 10:30pm and were surprised to find a happening bar scene and a 75% full dining room.  We left past 1am, but the staff was gracious and didn't try to rush us out even when we were the second to last table in the restaurant.The food was delicious.  We may have over ordered on the appetizers, but we hadn't eaten in 12 hours so we figured we would indulge a bit.  Very fresh oysters with all the fixings with lemon halves that were wrapped in cheesecloth and speared onto a fork.  Great detail.  Smoked salmon plate was also good.  The fried calamari was ok - good, but certainly have had better.  My bone-in rib-eye was great.  Cooked a little past medium rare, but still tasted wonderful - a nice char on the outside, lightly salted crust.  The side dishes were also good, in particular the mac and cheese, but get it while it's still warm.  At the end of our meal, our coffee order came out a bit lukewarm, but it was close to closing time so I gave them a pass.  In honor of the groom, the staff also brought out a dessert with the words "Don't do it!" written in chocolate on the borders of the plate.  Again, great attention to detail.I really think this is where Mastro's shines.  The details.  We were asked whether we wanted a black napkin versus a white one to minimize lint getting onto dark pants when we sat down.  I just received a phone call today asking whether we enjoyed our experience and to visit again.  I might have had a better steak elsewhere (not by much), but it's a real pleasure to dine somewhere that focuses on the little details that elevate a dining experience into a fine dining experience.  Bravo Mastro's - I will be back.
2	Was a bit dissapointed on the quality of the steak and sides... Seafood was good though. Specialty cocktails sounded better than it tasted. Butter cake was pretty good but not something that will bring me back here again.
5	I'm a fan of the Mastro's steakhouse in Costa Mesa, but this was my first visit to an Ocean Club location.  My expectations where pretty high, although I must admit I was not particularly thrilled with the location deep inside Crystals.  However, from start to finish, this was really a first-rate experience.Service and food were top-notch.  I even had a follow-up call from the GM the next morning to make sure everything was to our satisfaction (which it most certainly was).  I was particularly impressed when, after ordering a bottle of wine which they initially indicated was out-of-stock, the sommelier was able to hunt a bottle down for us. It was this type of service and their overall attention to detail that really impressed me.  Normally, I stay at Wynncore, so if I had not been staying at Aria on this particular trip, I am not sure I would have made the trip up here.  Now that I've experience the Ocean Club first-hand, I won't hesitate to book a return visit.
5	Very cool decor and excellent service.  We just finished eating elsewhere before we found this hidden gem and were completely bummed we didn't find it sooner.  So we sat at the bar and had a nice glass of malbec - a very generous glass of wine - with a very friendly bartender, Melissa.  She explained the menu to us in great detail and told us exactly what we should order the next time we visited.
5	Lobster mashed potatoes, seafood tower, bone-in filet, 5 star service, presentation, be sure to get a spot in the "treehouse" section. Take a good look at menu prices beforehand though;)
4	I went there to check out the venue for a private dinner.  The waitress was attentive and cordial.  The manager really turned my head because he called me after the meal with our small party.  What attentiveness!  The seafood tower was great as was the fish.  The steak delish~~~
5	top notch servicegreat portions at good prices for the qualityactually called afterwards to ask about the service and satisfactionfree buttercake for your birthday!
3	It's not that we had a bad experience at Mastro's. But for what we paid I was expecting a bit more. The bread basket was good, but not dazzling. The tomato and mozzarella salad we shared wasn't memorable. In fact, for burratta mozzarella it wasn't good at all. I thoroughly enjoyed my bone-in filet which made up for the salad. The side of mashed potatoes was decent but not outstanding, same goes for the side of peas we shared. Mostly we went because the location was conveniently close to the Aria, where we stayed, and because after seeing the tree house on a previous visit to Vegas I desperately wanted to eat there. Being in the tree house wasn't the best experience. It's loud, since you are in the middle of the Crystal's mall. All in all, it was decent but overpriced in my opinion. I probably won't be returning to this Mastro's location.
4	This is a really fun night out - the steak is served on a sizzle plate in a beautiful pool of butter. The last time I came the cocktails come with a shaker with maybe 2 refills in it (whaaa). And the piano player is crooning Jason Mraz songs, and the service is bright and sunny. You're sitting in a little wood bauble in the middle of a high end shopping mall and it's one of those "only in Las Vegas" sort of things.
5	A type of restaurant for very special occasions and/or company expensed dinners. A 5-star experience from the service, attention & of course, the bone-in rib eye.
5	It's the little things....1. Providing dark napkins for those with dark clothing and white napkins for those with light clothing so customers can stay oh-so visibly lint-free.2. The hostess pulling out your chair to seat you because your date clearly forgot that it was his job.3. The server's extensive knowledge of the menu! She made it sound better than the menu itself. It's always nice when people convincingly show that they know what they're selling. Makes me have more faith in the restaurant.4. Although it was inside a shopping center, you could easily overlook it due to the dimly lit dining space and romantic ambiance.5. Calling you within days to make sure you had a great experience.6. Servers scooping serving size portions onto your plate, so you won't have to, because eating is so damn labor intensive.7. OH AND THE FOOD:- Bone-in filet was cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth. Order it rare or medium rare.- ORDER THE GNOCCHI. DO IT. Your tastebuds will thank you.Two bone-in filets, a side of roasted brussel sprouts, and the gnocchi ran about $180 with tax and tip.
5	Was here for a private party and am very grateful to the hosts for treating us all to the experience. In a luxury mall on the strip. Be sure to window shop on ur way to the restaurant. Amazing service. Excellent wines. A filet cooked to med rare perfection & so generous in its proportions i couldn't believe my eyes. Very interesting architectural statement in the main dining room. And at least two sculpture groupings in the mall worth a look.
3	I wanted this to knock my socks off, but it fell short.  Mostly due to the service, partly due to the strange atmosphere and the fact that they were 40 minutes late seating us when we had reservations and arrived early for them.First, the bar.  There is a beautiful bar, great drink list, nice bartenders, piano and lounge singer... all setting up for a relaxing setting, right?  Nope, the lounge singer, with piano accompaniment, sang songs by Katy Perry and Rhianna, and songs like "Call Me Maybe".  WTF?  It was just so weird! We had 8:30 reservations, arrived around 8:20, and didn't get a table around 9:10.  That's just bad planning on their part, I believe.Now, the service was the worst part of our meal. The menu is very simple, with no explanations of any of the items.  You would rely on your server to elaborate on preparations, etc, when the menu contains none.  This was where the meal went off the tracks.  There was just a list of all the available entrees (lots of different fish, etc), and our server showed up and said, "are you guys ready?".  I said something like, "we're unsure of the preparations available for each fish"... and he said something like, "oh, we can do blackened... you know... whatever......".  SERIOUSLY?  That's it?  So guess what I ordered... Blackened halibut!  I didn't know how else to order!  Even the salads, the one we ordered was the spicy mambo salad, had no explanation.  What the hell is a spicy mambo salad?  I don't know, so thank god we liked it.  It was like a spicy caesar salad and was very good.  My halibut was delicious, my husband's tuna was great.  Portions are RIDICULOUSLY HUGE.  I wouldn't suggest 2 side dishes for 2 people, just choose one and share it.  We had so much food left over, it was depressing to leave it all to be thrown away, but it's Vegas!  We're not gonna pack leftovers around all night!  After we ordered, the server at the table next to us went through the available preparations with his table, and after hearing them, I would have definitely liked to try several of them.  I was very disappointed by our server.All in all, the food is delicious, but good food is not hard to find in Vegas.  The service is a big part of making a great meal, and this was lackluster.  Not sure I would return or recommend this restaurant, with all the great options in this town.
3	I really don't get what the hype is. My husband went here with his friends on his bachelor party and said it was sooo good so he had to take me. I don't know if when I went, I just got the wrong thing or what, but I got the ribeye steak and it was just average. It was not as good as some of the steak I've had in the past and it was very heavy. I have heard the bone in filet mignon is very good but have not been able to try it yet. The sides are okay as well. It's a very roudy restaurant and the ambience is not that great because it kind of floats atop a shopping area. It was not as good as everyone had been raving about.
5	Been to two Mastro's: Costa Mesa and Vegas. Both amazing food, but Vegas is in a treehouse -- AWESOME! I've always wanted to dine in a treehouse!Mastro's is my favorite steakhouse. Mastro's Ocean Club was by far THE most expensive dinner I've EVER had (almost a grand including tips for two), but it was so @#$%^&!%$#! good! What we ordered:- Cosmo with dry ice- Mastro's Signature Seafood Tower with caviar* and lobster cocktail- Escargot with puff pastry- Tomahawk (bone-in ribeye)- Lobster mashed potatoes- Dessert? I'll pass. I just want my steak and lobster mash!!* Seafood tower with caviar was the main item that drove up the bill. (i think it was 200-300 just for that). It's definitely feasible to have a more affordable dinner at Mastro's.Writing this review makes me wanna go back to Vegas and order the tomahawk again. oh. my. gosh. sooooo amazing!!Seafood tower: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GI-CAiZ_Gg3h21PwrANB4Q?select=oPEzJjzR1ULqM-CN83Ifrg#dtVcN9PnhWnehy8bq6XLFw
5	Thank you so much for an unbelievable dinner. This place really stands out in terms of food service. You guys rock thank you! Had dinner at del friscos the night before and it sucked.
4	Had another dinner at Mastro's Ocean Club. Did the usual Place for our Vegas weekend. As always a great time.While the hostess needed a little help (trying to seat us with another party), she still was great and had a sense of humor about the situation. I would limit the amount of guests that eat at the bar, takes up a lot of room that could be used by those waiting for tables or socializing.We start at the bar and people watch a little, fun crowd and nice vibe to start the night. Bar tenders are very nice and welcoming to Mastros with genuine friendliness. Then dine in the Tree House.Dinner as always was great, but steaks a tad under done per our request. Service is always top notch and prompt with requests. Mastros always has well trained staff, it what we enjoy about their places. Chocolate Sin cake is the best, love this stuff.Left very happy, and thanked by management on the way out.
5	Drooling to return!!!Wow...wow...and I mean wow! Far beyond any expectations! Since we were here for a birthday celebration we decided to go all out and order close to everything -can't finish? no prob, mini fridge in hotel room was waiting :) ...and every single dish was pure perfection. The lobster mash was humongous and delish with lots of lobster pieces, meats were tender, fish buttery, service sublime (checked on us without disturbing & smiled when serving), ended with desert to die for. DO NOT skip the warm butter cake, unless you're diabetic or out of your mind. A rare find of friendly attentive service and food that's worth every dollar! Bravo! I'll be sending everyone I know. Seriously can't wait to return!ps,You can't miss this place. Swing by if only for a peak at the unusual design. Center of the Crystals shopping center in a spiral treehouse looking architecture.
5	I LOVE Mastro's in Beverly Hills so I did not expect this one to meet the same high standard but boy was I wrong!  The service here was excellent!  We had a large party and they accommodated us with ease and the food was delectable!  Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas now.
5	Absolutely amazing food and service! I had the swordfish, green beans with almonds, and delicious mushrooms!
5	Everything was absolutely perfect. Service, food, atmosphere. Love, love, loved it.My MIL always says that the first sign of a really fancy restaurant is that if you request a black napkin (to avoid the white lint on your clothes of course), they don't bat an eye and bring you one immediately. Well, at Mastro's, we didn't even have to ask - as we sat down our white napkins were removed and black ones were draped across our laps. Superb start.Our waiter was both professional and friendly - we really enjoyed the service here.The food was excellent, and too much of it of course! We wanted to try so many things that there was no way we could really eat it all. And, they brought out a complimentary, decadent desert for my 30th birthday to end the night.We drank and ate our way to belly bulging bliss...ready for club XS after this!
5	The food is great & the portions are generous.  I had the tuna tartare & the twice baked potato & my boyfriend had the filet & sweet potato fries.  This place never disappoints!  I always look forward to eating here & the one back home in LA.
5	Fav steakhouse chain. Lobster mash a must. Any steak with bone-in a must. Top notch service. Located inside mall. Less stuffy then other locations.
4	Quite an exquisite appearance; I'm impressed! I came here on a short weekend trip with my hubby and was told that their steak is delicious from hearsay. So of course being the steak lovers that we are, we had to try this place out! We ordered two crab cakes, a steak entree for myself, fish fillet for the hubby & lobster mashed potatoes for our side entree to share. The crab cake appetizer was packed with ample crab meat; though I did feel that it lacked a bit in flavor. There was a side of greens topped with avocado which I didn't think complimented the crab cakes very well. The 22oz steak was DELICIOUS and yep, you bet I finished all 22oz of it! NOT! This hunk of meat was humongous and of course I shared it with my hubby! It was cooked to perfection at medium rare; nice and tender! Served sizzling hot on a scorching plate; I devoured every bite of my steak! My hubby's halibut was very good; soft and tender with a nice creamy sauce mixture. The lobster mashed potatoes was good. It was also super creamy with a hint of garlic. They weren't too generous with the lobster meat but  I wasn't expecting much beforehand.Service here was definitely not up to par. Considering I had made reservations at 8:30pm TWO WEEKS prior to our arrival, I was hoping that we'd at least have to wait for ehh, maybe a good 10 minutes. NOPE. We were running a bit late that night and I called the restaurant at 8:15 to inform them that we were on our way and the lady confirmed that our table will be waiting. We get there around 5 minutes pass our reservation time (not as late as we thought after all!) and the lady tells us that it's actually going to be another 50 minute wait!? WHAT?! Though she did apologize that they were behind schedule, apart of me was just a wee bit frustrated. She should have at least have the decency to let us know ahead of time when I phoned in so we didn't have to rush over! Well nonetheless, we went to the sushi restaurant next door and surpassed time at the bar. The treehouse architecture of this restaurant is out of the ordinary and quite astounding! Built inside the Crystal mall - it has a unique structure to it. Entrance is accessible through the second floor; the restaurant is built from the 1st ground floor up.  All in all, my hubby and I had a very scrumptious and fulfilling dinner together! I would highly recommend for all steak-lovers to be sure to check this place out if they're ever in Vegas! :)
4	Need to blow off that easy money you just took from the casinos and treat yourself to a neat dinner in a unique spot which calls out for attention the moment you walk into Aria?Enter Mastro's, the ever popular chain of steaks that knows just how to let you indulge and live it large on a nice meal.  And as for pricing, it's actually pretty fair as you get a ton of great service, and most importantly, great food.  The steak would be the only thing I get to be a snob about.  For instance, the meat was a little tough and although they've caramelized it, I can't but imagine thinking of how similar it tastes to Ruth's Cris.  But luckily, the other sides gave it supreme justice.I got the bone in rib eye, at medium rare, so it should have been tender, but somehow wasn't.  The flavor was just buttery and I just wish there was more.  Just to make things interesting, I turf'd it up with combination of jumbo shrimp scampi.  The amazing garlic sweltering sauce which had a parmesean bread crisp  reside next to made all the difference in the meal as the big shrimps were engulfed with flavor from the buttery garlic sauce.  For sides, we shared the following:-Roasted Brussel Sprouts - pretty basic, but satisfying-Cream of Spinach - so damn heavy and big its a good thing we only limited ourselves to 2 sides only on top of our surfs.Overall, I enjoyed my meal, but would I come back?  Probably not, or to any of the other locations for that matter at the time being.
5	We've wanted to have dinner here for a while, the structure of this restaurant is really cool.  We got to sit in the treehouse, which was really cool.  However i found the music to be a bit loud, but that may be because they had a full house, and therefore the music had to be loud to overcome the conversations?  Our waiter was awesome, i cannot remember his name...he told us about the 32oz Australian Waygu tomahawk chop, and he had us hooked.  Thank you fellow yelpers for telling me that the portions here were huge.  So we decided to skip appetizers and go straight to the beef.  Oh boy was there a lot of beef.  The sides were also awesome, mac and cheese and mushrooms, they split our tomahawk and everything so that we didn't have to do it.  Our waiter recommended the butter cake, oh my goodness...it is a whole lot of cake, and it was so yummy...so glad we skipped the appetizers or we never would have finished this dessert.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in Vegas!
5	This is the second Mastro's location that I have gone to. I've been to the one in Thousand Oaks, CA a few times and thought I would give this location a try. It is located in the Crystals shopping plaza that is next to the Aria hotel. This place is really nice and you feel a little bit underdressed if you aren't in your Sunday best. I made reservations ahead of time but the place didn't looked too packed for a Saturday night. We had a nice table an attentive waiter. We got our drinks pretty quickly and the martinis were strong.  There was some live music being heard from the lounge area near the bar area which had a nice touch to it. I still went with the meat selection even though this was the Ocean Club. My boyfriend and I both had petite which is served on a searing hot plate. The meat continues to cook on the plate and just easily cuts like butter. The steak just melts in your mouth as the seasoning of the meat and light butter from the plate meet in your mouth, I call it Meaty Symphonic Harmony. We also ordered the sweet potato fries as a side. This is no mere small side dish but a mound of fries is delivered. Each fry is seasoned with an almost tempura like batter on the outside that leaves you craving more and more. I was stuffed after the filet and the fries and the yummy bread basket they bring you (with warm pretzel bread and other goodies). Dessert is something that just can't be missed and I suggest the sinful delight of the signature Warm Butter Cake and whipped cream. The butter cake is rich and heavy with deliciousness and the whipped cream is no ordinary whipped cream. It almost has the consistency of ice cream as it hits your palate. This is my treat for the year, it is expensive so be warned but it is also a high class meal. I highly recommend it.
4	Went to Maestros as part of a regional get together with colleagues.  The ambiance was great, and the food was excellent.  By far my favorite part was the sea food tower, build it anyway you like, everything on there was so fresh I could hear waves crashing.  My steak was cooked exactly how I like it, and the wine flight pairing made for a nice compliment.  Only down side was because our party was somewhat large, and there was at least one other large party service was a little sparse and at one point we waited 15 min for someone to come around.  This is the only reason Maestros gets a 4 out of 5 in my book, however I will return as the food was just that good.
5	Restaurant is built like a tree house in the middle of the shopping area in the Aria casino.   Very cool concept and views over looking the casino.  The hostess was very nice and recommended a table for us right by the window in the tree house.  The waiter was very polite and super friendly. Besides recommending some of the meals, he had some personal conversations with us and it turned out that he is not too far from where I live.   Now to the important part..... For appetizer we had escargot, which was really good.  For main entree we ordered a lobster special that was recommended by the waiter and the lamb chops.  Both entrees were very tasty and made just right.  Some of the best meals ive ever had.  For dessert we ordered cherry pie which was really good, but very large, we had maybe a 3rd between the 2 of us.  If you get dessert, i recommend you split it. As a matter of fact, both entrees were very generous sizes and we couldn't finish it all.I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone. The food, the service and the atmosphere are fantastic.
5	Came here for cocktails after dinner at a company event.  Although I never tried the food here, I have to give this place 5 stars (would give it more if I could) for one reason: the bartenter Victor.  Victor isn't just one of the finest mixologists whose creations I have had the joy of imbibing.....he is truly an artist.  I tried the Boulevardier (which was the most well-balanced Boulevardier I have ever tried - it was actually a little bit mind-blowing.  I am good friends with one of L.A.'s top bartenders and he says the Boulevardier is one of the trickiest drinks to balance) and something called the "Faux-jito" which was also amazing.  I asked Victor to make me one of his original inventions, and I sadly forget the name of the drink, but it was a unique and sensational libation as well.  Next time I visit Las Vegas, I hope to find Victor again and enjoy the best cocktails in Las Vegas!
5	I had made reservations here for my wife's birthday and when we got there the place was crowded.  The hostesses explained the wait, and offered for us to have a drink in the lounge until our table was ready.  They kept checking in on us until we were ready to be seated.  We started with two cups of coffee and the Dungeness Crab Cocktail.  The crab came out on a cup of dry ice that was smoking and was a very good presentation, as well as being extremely tasty.For dinner my wife had the 8oz. Petite Filet and I had the Chilean Sea Bass.  The waiter, Piotr, explained that the sides are served family style and that we should share a couple.  We chose the Lobster Mashed Potatoes and the Steamed Broccoli.  My wife, when asked how she wanted her meat cooked, asked for it to be medium, Piotr explained that medium would still have some pink in the center, and sensing the way that she likes hers cooked, recommended medium plus.  When it came out it was cooked perfectly, and was the most tender steak that she has ever had.  My Sea Bass was cooked so it had a nice, crispy shell of the outside, but was milky and soft on the inside.  The Lobster Mashed Potatoes has spoiled me, now I find it hard to not expect that kind of perfection from all other potatoes.After dinner they brought out a complimentary Chocolate Sin Cake for us to share with a birthday message written in sauce on the plate.  Overall, this was an amazing meal at an amazing restaurant, and I would highly recommend this to anyone.  The prices are high, but you will get what you pay for.  My only regret is not being able to try the Warm Butter Cake everyone raves about, but I guess that means I have to go here again next time.
5	Mastro's is amazing. I had the best steak here (even though this restaurant heavily features seafood). We had an early reservation because we had an 8:30 show to go to. We were seated immediately and i think they gave us white or black napkins, which they placed across our laps for us, based on what color we were wearing. And that was just a hint of the level of service to come. We had a very attentive server, but someone in a suit, his supervisor (?) was also constantly checking on us. My water glass was never empty, a standard I use to base a restaurant's level of service. I had gotten up once to use the restroom and accidentally dropped my napkin. As I was leaning over to pick it up, our server appeared out of nowhere and immediately insisted that he would do it. When i came back a fresh napkin was folded at my seat. When the sides came, someone immediately offered to serve them to us. I was surprised no one offered to cut my steak...lol. The restaurant quickly filled up, but from the time that we were seated until we left, never once did the superb service lapse.Ok onto the food: There were a few different types of bread and i think I like most of them. They refilled our bread basket, but I wish they didn't lol because I ate way too much bread. I ordered a berry flavored cocktail and it came in a martini glass, but they also set down a shaker cup by my glass, and to my delight, there was enough to fill my glass a second time! =D We ordered the steamed mussels appetizer and they were delicious, so fresh, not fishy at all. Just delicious. I could have inhaled an entire order myself. Everyone ordered the ribeye and it was perfect. So, so good. We were trying to be kinda healthy so we got sauteed mushrooms and spinach and creamed corn as sides. But afterwards I wish we had gotten the mac & cheese and the truffle gnocchi. Everything was so delicious and the portions were pretty big. I ate about a third of my ribeye and we didn't even finish all of the sides. Luckily our hotel room had a fridge so we could take the leftovers. It was definitely pricey, but for the amazing service and food, I think it was well worth it. I would definitely go back or at least go to one of the SoCal locations. Mastro's is the standard by which I compare all steakhouses and other fine dining establishments to.
4	It's certainly spendy, and there seems to be some debate here among the reviews on if the food is worth it, but the service and location certainly are.We ate here around Christmas.  As mentioned, the service was phenomenal.  On the advice of my waiter, I ordered a bone-in ribeye, my date ordered the chilean sea bass.  As a side we had the lobstered mash potatoes.My server Robert was outstanding.  It's the first time I've had a waiter observe my steak after I started eating, confirm that it wasn't cooked as ordered, and offer to send it back for another, without me saying a thing.2 days later I received a phone call from the restaurant thanking us for the visit.  That just doesn't happen anymore.
3	At first glace, the menu, the photos on their website and on yelp all seemed very appealing; how could you not choose to come here after being exposed to all that? I was able to easily booked reservations with Mastro's OC the same day (on a Sunday) through yelp/open table.After sealing the deal on this place, I had somewhat high expectations of what my experience and food was going to be like. Mastro's is located on the second floor of City Center and is surrounded by the endless amount of high end stores (Prada, Gucci, Jimmy Choo etc. etc.) so these visual cues added to my high expectations. My date and I were comfortably seated along their edge where we were able to gaze out into the nicely, holiday decorated city center as well as watch 90% of the people window shop...guess it's too expensive and not the right time of year to treat yourself to these classy brands?Anyway, to get down to it, I was cool with the service and location but the food was OK; it wasn't to my liking and it wasn't to my disliking either.My date ordered the bone in ribeye medium rare and it came to our table sizzling hot, at the right temperature (or so we thought) until he got down to the middle. It was not warm but not cold either...just this weird temperature that didn't seem right. At least we were able to get that replaced ASAP. I decided to go with 2 lobster tails--I had one regularly prepared and one vanilla battered. I should have just  had it reguarly prepared because the battered one wasn't really anything special; I didn't even taste the vanilla...or perhaps there might have been a hint of it that my taste buds were unable to pick up on. And the sides...geez, it was expensive and nothing extraordinary! I felt like I could have chosen the potatoes and mushrooms out myself and made the garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed mushrooms myself. Actually, I think I could actually do Mastro's up in these items (not saying I'm some kind of professional chef or anything like that, just emphasizing that these items were nothing impressive). So after 2 ice teas, the 2 entrees and 2 sides the bill came up to about $160 without tip. I can't say the price and food quality ratio was appropriate, though again, the service was top notch. Oh and their artisan breads were delicious as well. I will also say I appreciated the follow up call they did with me the next day; I never had that happen and I thought that was nice of them to do. I guess I might come back here again but purchase something else that might tickle my fancy.
4	4 stars: Yay! I'm a fan.When I called to make reservations a few weeks in advance, I had asked to be seated inside the "tree house" and they were able to accomodate this request. Mastro's is a steakhouse chain that is better than most. If your school of thought is that Ruth's Chris is the pinnacle of chain steak in America, then you will be pleasantly surprised to have broadened your horizons.  What I like about Mastro's is that the dining experience is very consistent regardless of the location you choose to frequent.This particular Mastro's is inside a shopping mall. A very nice shopping mall, but still a shopping mall. It's slightly off-putting, but does not affect the food or the service. If you wish to eat at a "proper" steakhouse, with burnished leather, dark wood furnishings, and Laguioles then perhaps Mastro's is not the spot for you.If you're not too snobbish about your surroundings, I think this is a solid steakhouse in Vegas that doesn't require you to traipse through a casino to get to it.The food is consistent with any other Mastro's so I won't dwell too much on it. Stick with what you know. The lobster mash, the crab and truffle gnocchi, biggest ribeye you can split with someone, or porterhouse if they insist on a tenderloin or filet.  The butter cake is worth every last calorie, so please be sure to save room for it at the conclusion of your meal.
5	Have you ever been called a day later from a restaurant you ate at the night before? Yeah, me neither- until I ate at Maestro's Ocean Room.  It was like a one night stand you want to call you again. Real classy joint. The whole family went to Vegas for Christmas. Since we are Jews, we decided to forego the stereotypical Chinese food and step it up a bit.  We were looking for a nice steakhouse and we were torn between Craft Steak or Maestros- Since we were staying at Vdara, Maestro's was closer.  Thank goodness- hands down best steak I've ever had. Even my picky eater girls loved it. I had the filet- melted in my mouth like butter.  We ordered the mussels, crab claws, bone marrow, salmon, broccoli, sweet potato fries, spinach- I don't normally eat seafood but I was so stuffed and satisfied when I left- I'll let you make the one night stand joke this time. EAT HERE.
5	One of the best dining experiences I've had in Vegas in a long time. Located in Crystals shopping center in Aria, great views from the restaurant if your seated in the right place. Decided to try this restaurant for my husband's bday after a friend's recommendation. I ordered the sea bass and my husband ordered the 20 oz rib eye! The BEST steak and sea bass we've ever had at any restaurant in Vegas.  The waiter was excellent! He knew we were sharing and decided to split both items for us ahead of time. He made an excellent recommendation on how the sea bass should be prepared (blackened) and plated our sides when our food came so we barely lifted finger :P And since they knew we were celebrating my husband's birthday he got a free chocolate birthday cake :) Will definitely be coming back here again! Excellent food, excellent service!
5	my fiance and i enjoyed a new years eve dinner here.great food as usual -- we usually frequent the mastros ocean club in newport beach.service is unparalled, food is incredible, always a wonderful time here!
5	My fiance, Shanyce and I  went to Mastros during our vacation around Christmas time and had a wonderful experience.  We eat at the Palm Desert  Mastros often and had to try out the Vegas location. Our server, Sam, made our experience even better. We had a great time.
5	This was just an amazing meal.  Wish we could have been seated in the large wood sculpture portion, but a great meal none the less.  Thanks!Oh and thanks for the call the next day.  That was a 4 star to 5 star conversion
4	I think Mastro's has good food, but the food itself is not worth the price.  You are really paying extra in exchange for the privilege of eating your dinner inside of a giant, 3-D artist's rendition of a tree house.  It's still pretty good though.  I got the big bone-in fillet, creamed spinach, and club house salad.  The house salad has shrimps and crab in it.  It's quite good.  The warm butter cake is OK.  I thought the grain was coarse and the flavor was just "yellow".  I dunno, it's just not as good as everyone keeps saying.  But I still gave it four stars for the architecture.
5	Best steak I've ever had, bone in filet. Service is great. Setting odd but it works. Prepare to spend.  You have to try the butter cake for dessert. It's a legend.
5	I don't want to repeat what everyone else has said. It really is a fantastic meal. Especially if you're out celebrating something special or romantic. The artistic treehouse canopy is lovely to sit under. The service is phenomenal and thoughtful (when I said I was already getting full after my appetizer, the waiter offered to make my scallops entree an appetizer portion). The gorgonzola mac n cheese is out of this world. The brussel sprouts are excellent. The scallops amazing. The oysters rockefeller were the best I've ever tasted. The Chilean Sea bass also was the best I've ever tasted (my bf had that... I tasted it). Then the warm butter cake... Cuh-ray-zee!!! So unbelievably good. My eyes went all googly and I nearly floated away. And the portions are generous so unless you're like us and were just curious to try many different things, don't order too much. It will be enough.
4	I recently had dinner there with few friends. Food was amazing, service was great. It is pricey. The only "slight" negative is that we did no realize that NOT all the tables are inside the tree-house looking structure. We asked to be moved there but they were not very open to it, saying it will be an hour wait or so.
3	One christmas evening, my wife and I decided that we should have a very nice fine dining experience. So I took her to Mastros after we make a quick reservation over the phone. We were seated promptly after our  arrival and our server shows up and greeted us right away. Now, Mastros was supposed to be one of the best steakhouses in Vegas. During my visit however they fall very short.I ordered their special of the day which is some huge t bone steak which is very very salty and I have to send them back. So I ordered a rack of lamb instead which comes out very bland with no taste at all. Unfortunately, two wrong dish doesnt make the next one going to be right. So I scrap whatever I want to eat. My wife however enjoy her selection, which is an atlantic salmon. If its not because of the courtesy of the manager who comes in and nicely come through and give us a dessert after that horrible meal, I would not even give them the three stars. Hopefully the next time around, they come through for me.
5	This is a fabulous restaurant in the Crystals mall at the City Center development.  It's part of the Mastro's chain, which I was familiar with before my visit from their store in Beverly Hills.  Despite the intimidating size of the City Center complex, if you park in the Crystals valet, getting in and out is really pretty easy.  The restaurant is everything you would expect from an eatery at this price point and more.  The service is immaculate and attentive. (I particularly like the flourish that comes with the simultaneous presentation of all of the table's entrees.)  Also, the manager came over and checked on us to make sure everything was perfect as well.  This restaurant has the steaks that you would expect from the Mastro's name but its primarily focus is seafood. (Thus the "Ocean Club" moniker.)  The quality and preparation are top notch.  In terms of the facility itself, part of the dining area sits in a stylized banyan tree. (Really.)  It certainly makes a statement and is definitely where the cool kids want to sit.  Finally, while it will shave months off of your life, you absolutely must have the butter cake desert - I lack the vocabulary to describe how utterly scrumptious this myocardial infarction inducing item is.
5	I had an all out wonderful experience at the Masto's Ocean Club. The service, food and environment was amazing! I would definitely give it a...Thumbs Up!
5	While in Vegas for a friend's birthday, we decided to have a nice dinner and settled on steak. After reading about Mastro's, I made a reservation, and we were seated in the large wooden structure thing. Screw it, I'm just gonna go straight to the steak.When our waiter mentioned that their special was an A5 grade 33oz. wagyu tomahawk, I was sold. It's basically a thick cut, bone-in ribeye, and I knew I was in for something special just by looking at it. The first thing that immediately caught my attention was the rim - it was HUMUNGADUNGA. Normally, the rim just encircles the outer edge of about half the eye, but this rim was almost the same size as the eye! Why is this such a big deal? Of all the steak cuts, the rim of the ribeye is the absolute BEST tasting piece in the entire beef carcass. I always separate it from the rest of the ribeye so I can save it for last. The muscle fibers in the rim are very loosely bound, and marbling of ribeyes is second to none. What this means is that you have a piece of meat that's super tender (just as tender as a filet), super juicy, and super flavorful, which perfectly describes the wagyu tomahawk. Each bite was a blast of rich and savory goodness. The juices coat your mouth in a sheen of happiness. There truly is nothing to criticize. The only thing I could wish for is that they serve just the rim as its own cut of steak.The next time you're in Vegas, forget the crappy frozen king crab legs at the buffets, and treat yourself to something really worth the trip and big bucks.
5	Quite pricey but you honestly get what you pay for and more here. One of my favorite places to eat on special occasions. I went here first with my girlfriend for an anniversary and also with my family for New Years. I recommend their fish since they are known for their seafood here. The service is top notch and be sure to tell them if you came for an anniversary since they usually hook you up with some sort of dessert! If you like alcohol with your meal I definitely recommend their lemon drops. It was so amazing I asked the waiter how they make it and they told me they soak their vodka with lemons for a long period of time to get the flavor. It tastes so delicious I could barely tell there was any alcohol in it but I felt it hit me after a glass. One of the best drinks I have ever tried. Be sure to make a reservation as well. I never had too much trouble making one and they did seat me earlier since we got there 20 minutes early but it always seems quite packed. This restaurant would definitely make my top 5 of the best restaurants I have gone to in terms of service and food quality.
4	Liked it the first time so I made reservation to dine there 2nd time around.  Top notch qualify.  Steaks were great, seafoods were great, banana bread beer was awsome.  Chocolate dessert is to die for.
5	very good!
4	good service and delicious food
5	First time at Mastro's and loved it!One appetizer, One bottle of Wine, Two Steaks, Two Sides, Dessert, and Tip =  $300. We got the most expensive appetizer and one side was the most expensive, so you can make your adjustments. But look to spend $250 for two people. Loved our waiter and they treated us very well.
5	Ohmigosh! A true cut above the rest. From the moment that we walked in, the ambiance, the food, the staff -- everything has been perfectly designed to compliment the decor of this place. Two thumbs up... If I had more than two thumbs, they'd be up as well. Highly recommended.
5	This is as good as it gets. Three of us went to Mastro's after deciding on seafood and reading the reviews on Yelp. Everything was top notch, including the attentive service, the gorgeous presentation of the food, and the portions. Some of my favorites included the crab cocktail (with an abundance of crab meat), served over a bowl with dry ice, lobster bisque (creamy and with actual meat), and the black truffle crab gnocchi. I had that night's special, which was a fantastic John Dory with a chardonnay lemon sauce. Some of the other "little touches" to make the experience better? The server actually served side dishes on our plates for us, and we received a follow up phone call a couple of days later to ensure our satisfaction. Very classy!Expect a hit to your wallet: Three of us walked out of there at $600, though we did splurge on Grey Goose martinis (shaken table side), wine and lobster. I can assure you it's well worth it!
5	Make no mistake, This place is AWESOME.  The service was excellent, the menu has lots of unique offerings (The lobster mashed potatoes are unreal).  Everything was flavorful and prepared perfectly.  I had a bone-in Ribeye.  It was seasoned well and cooked to perfection.  It was not the best steak I have ever eaten, but it was up there.  The drinks are aggressively poured (for what they cost, they certainly should be). Dessert was equally impressive and the attentiveness of the wait staff was some of the best I have ever seen.  The dining experience as a whole was in my top 5.  I very strongly recommend this place if you are seeking a top notch dinner in las vegas.  That said, be forewarned that it is also in the top 3 most expensive dinners I have ever had.  The entrees are not really that exorbitant, but when you tie in a side like lobster mashed potatoes for $40 and multiple alcoholic beverages, it gets expensive in a hurry.  Although expensive, the entire experience makes it worth every penny.
3	Pricey but very good, we had fish, I would go back to try the steaks.
4	This will always be my favorite place to eat & eill continue to be but, When I asked about the steak sauces and got a full description at the tail end or beginning I feel the waiter should've used the words, " At an additional cost or for a fee".  He said nothing.  So when I saw the $5 which is nothing really but I was annoyed.  In my profession I am require to tell clients everything I know.  The asparigus I chose said "Sauteed".  Which means to mean with butter and so it was but also with garlic.  Un-smiley face, I was hoping to kiss my date after words not after that little secret they brought to my plate. I forgot how far away the table was I missed my date he was so far away.  Ha Ha.....The food was delicious as always and I will be a fan.  I just didn't like all of the things I felt I could've been told & was not. Oh, well next time I will be prepared for surprises that's all.
5	Top shelf restaurant.  The BESTI am a regular at the Chicago Mastro's.  I love it.  The Vegas version is an Ocean Club.  Everything here is top quality. Bone in Ribeye,  Bone in Filet,  brussel sprouts, Scalloped Potatoes.  Butter cake dessert.  The usual Mastro's fantastic food.  PLUS seafood.  We ordered the twin lobster tails.  Cooked to perfection!  Not an easy thing to do.  Lobster usually is a little tough or well done.  This came out perfectly and cooked very slowly on the hot plate but never got over cooked.  Excellent service as usual.  Mastro's Ocean Club is located in the center of a mall.  That sounds horrible doesn't it?  But its not.  First off its a high end mall.  We requested to sit  in the Tree House, which is a modern type open style room that hangs out over the mall.  It was very comfortable.  A live band was playing in the lounge so being in the Birdhouse was a nice distance to hear the music and feel the energy but still be able to conversate(sic) with the people at your table.  Bottom Line-  Burt Loves This Place!!!!!!
4	A good friend of ours suggested Mastro's when we asked for a recommendation for a seafood on the Strip. So I made a reservation online for that night at 7pm on the Mastro's website. What I didn't know was that I had somehow clicked on the Chicago location. Luckily I was walking around the Crystals shopping center that afternoon and went to check out the venue and was chatting with one of the hostesses who offered to check on our reservation to confirm it .. good thing she did and we fixed my error. They were pretty booked that night but were able to squeeze us in. :) The service was pretty much top-notch from start to finish, hostesses, servers, and bussers,  all were very attentive and knowledgeable as well as being friendly and personable. Loved that they dish out our sides for us .. that's a really nice touch. The food, we had a variety of items which were all delicious but at the top of our favorites were the Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi and the Signature Lobster Mashed Potatoes. Both are must haves to accompany any steak or seafood dish. We had the bone-in Filet which was melt-in-your-mouth delicious as well as the pan seared Chilean Sea Bass which my dining companions said was spectacularly prepared and seasoned. Dessert was over the top .. we had three .. Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake, the Cherry Crisp, and the Profiteroles. The first two were topped with Vanilla Bean Gelato. Both were to die for. I had read lots about the Warm Butter Cake and it was everything I had expected and more :) .. and surprisingly I also loved the Cherry Crisp .. I am not huge on Cherry anything but the flavor had just the right amount of sweetness and was not overpowering and the Crisp part is a crumbly granola like topping which is an nice balance with the Gelato and fruitiness of the dish. It's something I would definitely order again! My only complaint is that the server didn't warn us about the size of the Beef Carpaccio appetizer. Mom and I each ordered our own, and when they came out .. they were absolutely gigantic and even though we had a party of 5 we were unable to finish both. Being in the service industry myself, I would have definitely warned my guests about the size of the Carpaccio dish and suggested something else to order with it. All in all it was a fabulous dinner, the restaurant, even though it is in a busy mall .. has a nice ambiance, and we will absolutely be back.
4	Great food. I am not rich so I would not come here if it weren't for a gift card I received from the Vdara hotel. It's your typical over the top priced steak house. The service was great as you would expect. My meal was delicious. However, for the price I would probably go to outback instead. Sure this place was waaaay better but $173 for two people to eat a steak and vegetables?  Out of my league.
5	We had six in our party and had a great experience.  Great live piano player, cool ambiance, 5 star quality food, reasonable wine list, and nice staff.  I love this restaurant.The only possible knock is the dining room, although sleek and modern with an amazing architectural tree house in the middle, is in the mall.  Even though this mall has the highest of high end shops, it still feels a bit like your eating in a mall. No biggee for me, just something to consider.Food:Steak 5 stars - ribeye was an excellent cut and perfectly preparedSalad 5 stars - really simple but well doneWine list and our selection - 5 star - great bottle at reasonable priceDesert - butter cake?  10 stars - best desert I have ever had - our group talked about it the rest of the trip Service:Polite, professional and well trained.  What you get in a AAA five diamond restaurant.  Mastros should be proud.  This is even more rare than great food.Ambiance: The piano player, ultra modern dining area and spacious layout make this a great place for a business meeting, special occasion or date night.  Overall - awesome ++ Love it!
4	OverAll food was pretty good I felt the ribeye should had more flavor but everything else was awesome I wouldn't mind going back
4	vanilla batter shrimp appetizer - good but i was expecting more than 3 shrimp for $20bone in ribeye - good, i thought Barrymore ribeye was clearly better (and cheaper)lobster tail - best lobster I've had, really goodbroccoli side dish - this is just steamed broccoli, nothing special.  Unless you are obsessed with broccoli I suggest spending your $10 and a different side.  Looking at other reviews it looks like I should have ordered the lobster mashed potatoes and warm butter cake  instead of the shrimp and broccoli.Also while this is clearly a classy place, its also an open view restaurant where you are exposed to people walking by in the surrounding mall and there is not much space between you and other diners.  This gives off a somewhat casual flair to this place for guests expecting a more intimate and special occasion.
2	Forget about reservation, still waiting after 40 mins past my reserved time. Very rude hostess kept lying about our table will be ready soon, manager was nice enough to offer free drinks for waiting. Then after almost 1 hour of waiting we were finally seated, but now more waiting for our waiter to help us and after that 1 hour of waiting for food.  My friend ordered medium and the steak came out well done, again the manager offers free dessert for their mistake.  Our reservation was 7:30 and we were there until almost 11, the whole time I felt like one of my ex girlfriend (always bitching).  Horrible experience even with the free drinks and dessert.
5	I died, went heavenward, then came back and ate more butter cake & its accompanying cloud of fresh whipped cream. This place is exceptional. Clean, chilled Belvedere martini. Spicy Mambo salad (chilled chopped romaine hearts with grated parmesan; a horseradishy/wasabied Caesar of sorts) to start & bone-in 22 oz ribeye for my beauhunk & seabass for me. Ambiance is stellar. A terrific experience from start to finish. Thank you Mastro's!
5	Definitely one of the best meals I have had in a long time.  Everything at Mastro's is great-- from the service to the ambiance to the food, the whole evening was really enjoyable.  I don't even usually like shrimp cocktail, but it is really exceptional at Mastro's.  The jumbo shrimp is delicious and the over the top "smoking" presentation is pretty amazing.  The steak is obviously great, but I could have eaten just sides all night.  The creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, and roasted Brussels sprouts were all delicious.Since I was there with a big group we also sampled several desserts.  I know a steak meal can be filling, but try to save room.  Highlights included the chocolate pudding cake and the key lime pie.A great restaurant for a special occasion.
4	Very nice steak and seafood restaurant with impeccable service. Our waitress Sam was wonderful and did a great job selecting a wine for us.I had a bone-in ribeye and my wife had  a baked sole dish. We shared lobster mashed potatoes, (awesome) and green beans (meh) with the couple with us and it was plenty for all of us. Had one of the best desserts I have ever had, butter cake... freaking awesome. Yellow cake based with butter and cream cheese and god knows what else. I promise it is better than it sounds. Comes with a big scoop of ice cream and fruit. Way more than one person could (or certainly SHOULD) eat, so share!Great upscale dining experience in a beautiful, unique architectural setting.
4	warm butter cake!it is warmand full of butterand oh so sweet.what more can i say?thank you to the hostess for seating us without a reservation.  if you are just coming for the dessert let the hostess know so that they don't turn you away
3	Mastro's Ocean Club Las Vegas - I think we just had a bad night!  I didn't think it was all that... Good but not oh my gosh good. What really made it bad was our waiter.  When you spend a lot of money at a restaurant you expect great service and our waiter stood around talking and laughing with other waiters and barely paid any attention to us.  Our drinks were empty multiple times for long periods of time.  Took him forever to take our order and acted like he worked at a dinner instead of an upscale restaurant.  I'm sure if we had a different server I would feel better about spending hundreds of dollars on our meal but we got what we got and unfortunately I have to base my experience on that.
5	You get what you pay for here.  Very happy :)
4	I had the scallops and they were super delicious!
4	Since we were in Vegas, we had to go and dine at Mastro's our usual.This place is always nice, and the best steakhouse on the strip by far. The fine details like thin wine glass, the table clothes, and the silverwear are a just nicer than other steakhouses and just feel more upscale. Odd saying that, but once you dine here you will feel it.Staff always seems well trained and very organized. Food was great, and we got our usual desert....... chocolate sin cake. It's great. Also fun people watching.Again, an great time in this place Sat night and will return next trip.
3	3.5 stars- definitely better than 3 stars, but not quite 4.This restaurant is location in the middle of Crystals on the Strip.  From the outside looking in, the restaurant is inside a neat sculptured "treehouse". It sort of made me feel like if would be cool to eat in there, but sitting on the inside of the treehouse looking out I feel a little disappointed, because I felt like I was eating in an "upscale" food court with views of retail stores, such as  LV, Jimmy Choo, and Zegna.  Not exactly, the scene I expected  from an expensive restaurant, however on the other side there was a piano bar.However, service was impeccable, except we were only told the beef carpaccio was out when we ordering rather than beforehand.  In a rush we picked tuna tartare as our appetizer, husband ordered mac & cheese, we shared the chopped salad,  king crab legs and sea bass.  We ordered a bottle of Schramberg Blanc de Blanc for $70. Given it is about $27 in retail that markup isn't terrible, beside by the glass ranged from $15 to $30. The wine list is comprehensive.I am kind of bored with tuna tartare, but it was definitely above average and the portion size of the appetizer is the size of a meal.  It is presented like a tower with the base made of crushed fried wontons, then avocado almost like guacamole, then the seasoned tuna.  The mac & cheese was a huge portion that could feed 4 people on its own or 6 side servings.  I just had to have a bite, it was creamy, cheesy and tangy all the same time; I like the addition of gorgonzola, which still remained subtle.   Definitely an adult upscale mac & cheese. Chopped salad was solid and I like how we were told the ingredients and asked if we wanted to omit anything.The King Crab comes warm when it is an entree and that was a bit unexpected, but tasted sweet and drowned in the drawn butter....ooooh, so good. I was surprised how meaty the 1 lb of legs were...easily filling up one person.  I love Chilean Sea Bass prepared any way, but I it was pan-fried to perfection.  The outside crusty and the inside soft and buttery. the seasoning was just salt.  The serving size is probably 8 oz, which is ample and justifies the price.No room for dessert, but a slice of  chocolate layer cake with schlag (whipped cream) was on the house since it was my birthday.  Very generous.Overall, pretty good, but again I couldn't get past the view which cheapened the ambiance. We left with enough food for another dinner so that was good too.Don't know why it is called "beach club".  The environment doesn't in any way demonstrate a "beach club".  That may be a good thing, though.Will I go again? Probably not, I think Joe's Seafood (NOT the Crab Shack) has a better ambiance and food, except the fish here is better.
5	Everything is excellent. Can't wait to go back
5	AMAZING as always :)Came for my Daddy's 60th birthday dinner while in Vegas for the weekend. Mastro's never fails to disappoint. Table for 6 in the treehouse, in the round white booths. Service was excellent like usual. The only thing was that they messed up on the peppercorn on my fiance new york strip. I know it's the ocean club but all the Mastro's are usually consistent. Can't take away a star for that b/c everything else was amazing. The server even brought complimentary THREE DESSERTs for the table for my dad's birthday. Usually they bring the slice of chocolate cake or the butter cake, but they presented a massive plate with those two and eclairs! AMAZING but prob a good 5000 calories. Love Mastro's and will def be back to this location next time we're in Vegas. Thanks for making my father's dinner a memorable one!
5	My party came here to celebrate a milestone birthday and we all agreed that everything was top-notch.  Located in the Crystals shopping complex, Mastro's cuts an imposing figure from its perch over and above the mall.  Most of my party ordered seafood and all of it was delicious.  My salmon fillet was perfect and made me feel full and fabulous (thanks, omega-3's!).  All of the side dishes (brussels sprouts, asparagus, etc.) were served by the wait staff and everyone's glasses were kept full.  Mastro's gifted my birthday celebrating friend with a free dessert (butter cake) -- this dessert is worth another visit!  Yum.  Wait staff were also patient with another friend's toddler, who insisted on wandering about and mingling with the singers (dinner music) of the evening.  Thanks for a lovely evening, Mastro's!
4	Mastro's is a very good steak and seafood restaurant in the Crystal's shopping mall next to Aria on the second floor. It's best to make reservations ahead of time or you wait. Service was prompt and courteous. I enjoyed a delicate Malbec (it doesn't give me migraine headaches like other wines do). My husband and I split a Wedge salad that was perfectly mixed with blue cheese, cheddar cheese, bacon and onions. My husband really enjoyed the bone-in ribeye and I couldn't finish the delicious Artic Char I was served. The double baked potato was gargantuan and awesomely scrumptious, but the best part was ordering creme brulee' and to be served a giant wallop of real whipped cream bigger than the dessert portion!  Simply delightful.
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 6 months semi-anniversary and we certainly had a great time! The only down side is it burnt a hole in our wallet. But it is a special occasion and we both think it is worth it. I made a reservation on line at open table and I mentioned our occasion. When we were at the hostess stand, we were greeted by our last name which really surprised me. We waited for about 2 min before we got seated in the tree house, just like how I requested in my reservation. Our server came right away to take our drink orders and also gave us some recommendations. We decided to go with the Surf and Turf they have which comes with a 3 pound Maine Lobster and steak of our choice. One thing about the meal here is that it does not come with any sides. You only get what you order. If you want to have mashed potatos or onion rings, you do have to order them seperately which again raises the cost. The food came fairly fast after we ordered and the busser divided the meal for us right by the table. The lobster tasted great so did the steak! The server was telling us that they have a live fishtank in the back and all the lobsters they have came in daily directly from Maine! You can't get anything fresher than that in Vegas! The steak is flavorful and juicy. My boyfriend said it could be more tender. As for the side, we ordered Scalloped potatoes and Corossal Onion Rings. We both like the potatoes it was yummy but not too impressed by the Onion Rings, for some reason it tastes a bit soft. Upon we were finishing up our meal, so stuffed at that point, our server actually surprised us with a complimentary desert for our celebration! What a nice gesture! So definitely put in the occasion if you are celebrating anything at Mastro's! The environment is elegant and classy with live performance. It is expensive but you definitely get what you pay for. We return on our next special occasion.
5	Hearing about my preivous  dining experience. Masto's General Manager Dan Boyer, invited me back to dine in on a regular night and me and my wife take the opportunity and did. Our server Amanda was very sharp and very attentive to details.My steak was cook to perfection and my wife seabass's were melt in your mouth goodness. Great attentive staff, absolutely great customer service. A top of the class experience if you ask me.Stop by at Mastros Ocean Club, its not just a restaurant, it want you to be part of their club or family.
5	Love Mastros!Pricey but worth it!The Shrimp cocktail is amazing
4	Drinks and dessert with with the girls during a Vegas trip. The warm butter cake with fresh fruit was so delicious, melt in your mouth amazing! and the fresh strawberries went together perfectly with it. The fresh whipped cream  that came with it was HUGE like a mountain of whipped cream...way too much we only used like two spoon-fulls.
5	This place is amazing!. The steak here is cooked at a ridiculously hot temperature and makes it taste better than anything in life. I got the 12 oz bone in filet and was not let down by the taste and quality of it. My family got the Chilean sea bass blackened and it is by far the best seabass I have ever had. The sides come out really hot in their own pans and we had the mac n cheese and green beans which were delicious. They have a great wine selection but the butter dessert cake really topped it off with the scoop of ice cream on top you just can't get enough of it. I can't wait to come back here next year because its something I look forward to that much. Service is awesome and Lionel is the best waiter who knows his stuff.
4	Stopped by for an anniversary dinner before watching Le Reve. Since it was Monday after Easter, it was easy to make a same day reservation for 5:30 pm. The place was pretty quiet then and around 6:30, more people started to come by so we definitely beat the dinner rush. Got a nice seat in the treehouse, with a view overlooking the Dior store downstairs.Since we didn't want to be food comatose for our show later, we ordered just the petite filet, the regular filet, and a side of scalloped potatoes. I also ordered Coke, but beware that it's by the aluminum bottle and not with unlimited refills. The scalloped potatoes were rich and delicious, but the cheese was too much halfway through the side order. The meat was very tender and cooked to perfection. The medium was medium and the medium rare was just as it should be. Since it was our anniversary, they also brought by a complimentary slice of rich chocolate cake topped with raspberries and whipped cream. Overall a fantastic meal!
4	Cool location inside a wooden sculpture... that is inside a high-end boutique mall.... in the middle of City Center.... on the Las Vegas Strip.... in the middle of the desert...  Should I continue? Anyway, the truffle gnocchi was tops in my book with shavings of truffle visible in the sauce. Our server was super friendly and we enjoyed the pretzel bread... Its VERY new trendy classy fancy Vegas.
5	My husband ordered the New York steak. The steak was excellent. We really enjoyed the dinner and will be back.
2	Definitely not impressed. Read several reviews online before deciding that this would be where my husband and I would have dinner on our last night in Vegas. The only good things about my experience were the bread basket and the scallops appetizer. I had a petite filet and was not impressed. I ate maybe half of it. I would have thought that when our server saw that I had stopped eating that he would have asked if everything is ok. I did not want to complain so I didn't say anything and that is where I messed up. A manager stopped by and asked how everything was and that was after maybe 1-2 bites before I realized exactly how poor my steak was. I always order a filet when I go out for a nice meal and now I am wishing that I had just ordered the appetizer instead of wasting money on eating half of a meal. I am now back in my hotel room trying to figure out if I should try to go somewhere else to salvage my night and have something to eat. I will add that my husband had the ahi tuna sashimi and it was a very large portion and he enjoyed his meal. We ordered the garlic mashed potatoes and didn't even finish half of them, they were definitely nothing spectacular. There are way better dining options, so be careful what you order and if you don't like it then say something, unlike myself who is now out $125 for a mediocre dinner.
5	great food, service and environment. Cant wait to go again!!!
4	The service here is amazing - probably the best I've experienced.  The attention to detail was ridiculous.  All of the wait staff was very friendly and attentive and worked together seamlessly to make our experience as pleasant as possible.They had a moderate sized wine list with a good selection of reasonably priced bottles as well as several by the glass options.  No complaints there.For our entree, I ordered the bone in ribeye and my wife got a filet.  This was probably my first experience at a high end restaurant where the steaks were wet aged.  My impression was unfortunately mixed.  The steaks were definitely supremely tender but they lacked that meaty punch that good dry aged steaks usually have.  Overall they tasted like a really tender version of a supermarket steak - not bad but definitely below expectations.We got the warm butter cake for dessert which was very good.  It's big enough for 2-3 people to share though you won't want to share it.Anyway, aside from the somewhat disappointing steaks, this was an amazing meal and experience.  We'll certainly be back next time we're in town.
5	Outstanding! We had planned to eat at Sage at Aria, but ran too late so  Mastros was a happy last minute accident. Even though our waitress was in training, the service was great, the food and ambience was excellent. Had lamb chops and twin lobster tails, brussel sprouts & scalloped potatoes....all cooked and seasoned perfectly. The piano bar singers were very good and not C+  cheesy like most Vegas entertainment. Dinner was very expensive, but excellent.
4	Great menu.  Great variety and reasonable prices for Vegas.  My wife and I ate hear after getting in late and they were open - thats a +.  Plenty of terrific service, happy people and great food.  Its that simple, this is a clean, friendly top quality restaurant at reasonable prices in Vegas - who could ask for more?
5	My girlfriend and I fell in love with this place for several reasons.  The staff, the atmosphere, and the food combined to bring us back the next night as well  We were able to make reservations through Yelp and OpenTable but we arrived early each night and sat in the first come, first serve bar area.  The piano entertainment was first class. Our server, Racqel, was always timely, willing to meet our every request, and helpful in navigating the menu to ensure we got the most of the food choices we desired with the least amount of waste.  Her name escapes me now but there was a corporate employee there the second night who recognized us from the night before.  She not only bought our first round of drinks but when we were leaving insisted we try their "Butter Cake" so much so that she ended up giving it to us.  Very good stuff. I can't imagine anyone not feeling good upon receipt of this restaurant "regular" type of treatment on a 3 day, 2 night trip.  Sheri and I can't wait to return to town and visit the place again!  I highly recommend any of the filets, shriimp cocktail, king crab, lobster mashed potatoes, lobster bisque, gorgonzola mac and cheese, and the red snapper.  They will split any plate they have, upon request.
5	Let me start from the beginning here. I was searching for a good date spot for me and my gf. I have dined at most of the finer restaurants in Vegas. But I wanted to try something new and by far, this was the best reviewed spot. Only thing that turned me off was that it was in the middle of a mall. NOT AN ISSUE. I requested the 'Tree House' and that is where we were sat. Once in there I completely forgot I was in a mall...it was romantic and beautiful. Our server greeted us and asked if we've ever diner here before....we both responded "NO". We were then treated to a 5 minute explanation of their entire menu. Based on other reviews...we started with the shrimp cocktail and I suggest you do the same. Very unique and brilliant presentation. My gf had the Fillet of Arctic Char "Oreganata"..we both LOVED it. I had the Bone In Rib-Eye. Cooked perfectly. Delicious. For sides we chose the mac-n-cheese(not bad, but kinda bland to what I've had at comparable restaurants) and the brussel sprouts...fantastic. We had no room for dessert. Cocktails were good....coming from a guy in that business. As we left, EVERYONE thanked us for coming...from busser to manager. That was impressive. I even woke up the next morning to a voicemail from them thanking me for me business and hoping that me and my 'beautiful' gf had a great time; and that they hope to see us again. ONLY complaint..and this is being picky: when our bread was dropped off(with multiple choices), it was just thrown down with no explanation as to what was what. But this is a must go!
5	Wow. Everything about this place was fantastic. The service was great. We arrived earlier than our reservations and were seated promptly. As soon as we arrived, our waiter approached us and greeted us. He went over the menu and brought us complimentary bread and drinks. Checked on us several times and had some great recommendations. The service size was huge. I had the Cajun Alaskan Halibut - Yum! So fantastic! Others had steaks, too big but way too delicious. We were celebrating a birthday -- and we got huge complimentary dessert -- oh and the dessert came with like even bigger portion of whipped cream! lol We were too full for the dessert but appreciated the gesture. I would love to go back and visit or at least wish we had this restaurant where we live! Highly recommended.
4	I wanted to try Mastro's for two reasons: (1) If possible, I would gorge myself to death on seafood; and (2) I wanted to eat in the weird looking treehouse in Crystals.I got both (except for death...unless....).The ambiance of this place is weird, to say the least.  A few tables are enclosed in a traditional restaurant space with, you know, walls.  The rest are inside the "treehouse," a very cool, wood-slated structure dangling in the middle of Crystals.Although very cool looking, it's VERY LOUD.  In between the awwfffulll live music (really, they need to stop that) and the echo of everyone's conversations (no walls = no muffling of noise), it's almost difficult to have a conversation.  I would say this is not a romantic spot to eat.  There were also lots of middle-aged dudes in jeans.  Like, packs of them.  Very weird.FOODAs we were in a "small plate" mood, we went crazy on the appetizers as follows:Sauteed Sea Scallops ($22)- Three medium-sized scallops, three slices of parmesan toast, diced tomatoes and cream sauce.  Unfortunately, the scallops were a tad overcooked and chewy. I'd probably pass on scallops next time.Beef Bone Marrow (around $18) - two huge bones and baguette toast.   Delicious, decadent and full of flavor.  We gobbled it all up.Seared Ahi Tuna encrusted in sesame seeds and served with julienned carrots ($22).  Overall, it lacked flavor although perfectly cooked. Wedge salad - ($12) Big portion and very good.  I liked that they didn't cover the iceberg in dressing and instead left it on the bottom of the plate, surrounding the salad.  This allowed the diner to control how much dressing on each bite.  The dressing was a tad watery, the way I like it. Well executed.  But, it's a salad, so......Then we got a half and half side of the following (they give you a half portion of each to let you try everything ($38):King Crab Black Truffle Gnocci - Salty, rich and so delicious.  Lots of king crab chunks. My favorite thing I tried.Lobster Cheese Mashed Potatoes -Although rich, it wasn't that flavorful. Mostly salty, not complex. I did love the enormous pieces of lobster, though. I have to add they were really generous with the wine pour ($12 for a glass of Shiraz).Overall, good service and big portions.  It's a bit pricey but they serve up some tasty food.  Definitely come here if you're 40 and have a penchant for denim.  This is your mecca.
5	I love Mastro's!  We went for our first anniversary dinner after having gone on our honeymoon last year. The food was so amazing we had to come back.  We were greeted at our table with 2 glasses of champagne to celebrate. We spilt the most delicious wedge salad and it was good. Last year we had apps and the lobster mashed potatoes as a side. Those were so good they'll make you wanna slap your momma!  We were so full I am embarrassed to say we didn't even finish our steaks. This year we switched to Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese...epic!  I had the bone-in ribeye and my wife ordered the 12oz filet mignon.  Both were the finest steaks we've ever had. You will never appreciate any other steak after that. Mastros ruined steak for me, talk about melt in your mouth. Our server Mark was phenomenal and super attentive. A really nice guy. For desert they brought out the warm butter cake...wonderful!  Mastros is the only place I would eat in my life if I had the choice. Thank you  for a wonderful first anniversary dinner. GO THERE!!!!
5	Went to Mastro's with friends for a belated birthday celebration. Well worth the wait. Opened with salad and calamari and our waiter, Craig, recommended a nice wine. The main event made my night: bone-in filet, cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. I suggest this as a place to visit with friends. You can find more intimate spots for a date, but it's perfect for enjoying an upscale dinner with a group.
5	The best steakhouse dining experience we've ever had.  Attentive server and perfect food.
5	Everything done to perfection. On one visit, my swordfish was grilled deliciously and was a perfect compliment to the crab gnocchi.On a subsequent visit, I had the crab cakes appetizer for an entree and was not disappointed. The portion size was generous. I also tried to small Caesar salad which I liked very much.Of course, the pretzel bread and buttercake are amazing! Service was very friendly and warm. I will be back again!
3	No doubt a popular venue as judged by our wait even after we had a reservation. Ate my usual bone in filet and was utterly disappointed. In fact I was underwhelmed by every dish that came out.  I guess I should have gotten the seafood?
4	We chose our usual as we were back in town.As always a great time and enjoyed the night.The Con's:* The bathrooms kill me. Have to walk up stairs to the second floor. Not easy when you have had a few.* Again, we got there early and decided to wait at the bar and enjoy the night. Only issue is they let all the bar seats go to diners at the bar, Thus no one waiting and enjoying the evening can sit for a glass of wine. The Pro's:* Great hostess staff, very nice gals.* Waiter and staff are great, Robert made sure we had everything we needed and check in at the right times. They have a very well trained staff, and support waiters, they always seem to be right there when you need something.* Food is always top notch.  By far the best consistently good quality we have ever had at a steak house. (and we have been to them all). The are always right now with any special requests and its perfect.* Wife really enjoyed the baked halibut special.* They created our desert per my wife's request and it was perfect.  We are always excited to dine here. The best steak house on the strip by far. Many other known names, but few can make the whole experience as nice as Mastro's.
5	I've been here twice and my second experience was even better than the first.  My hubby and I came here to celebrate our anniversary and we were so glad we did.  We were greeted by the sweetest hostess as soon as we arrived, and she asked if we were here for a special occasion.  I let her know that it was our anniversary, and word traveled fast since our waiter greeted us with a congratulations.  I ordered the petite filet (8oz) and a side of Brussels sprouts, and my husband ordered the Bone-In Filet (12oz) and the Gorgonzola mac & cheese.  My steak was so tender that I could cut it with a butter knife and it practically melted in my mouth.  My husband is a steak connoisseur and he said that it was the best steak that he's ever had.  The Brussels sprouts were buttery and pan seared to perfection, and the mac & cheese was rich and heavy.  I'm not a fan of blue cheese at all but the Gorgonzola was really mild (I guess they use 4 kinds of cheeses).  Although we didn't even have room for dessert, our waiter brought us a nice piece of chocolate cake with "Happy Anniversary" on the plate.  Along with this came a giant serving of their homemade  whip cream.  I somehow found room in my belly and managed to scarf down 1/2 of it.  A really nice gesture that went a long way.  The service was fantastic.  Even if we looked in the waiter/servers' direction they would come over to see if we needed anything.  The only thing odd about this location is that it is in the Crystal Cove mall, so the ambiance isn't what I'm used to with this kind of food.  At least we were surrounded by high end shops like Jimmy Choo.  The bathrooms are also upstairs which are kind of a bummer.  We didn't mind at all though, we were on cloud 9 with everything else about the place.
5	Had an excellent evening out with friends at mastro's.   This is my second time here and both times it's been above my expectations.  It's got a somewhat more casual feel than a lot of the fancier places, which I like.  One of the better steaks I've had in Vegas for sure.
5	From the friendliest hosts at the front desk to the Amazing food, service & live music. WOW!!! OUTSTANDING!
5	I LOVE Mastro's Ocean Club...the food is amazing...add their Lobster Bisque to your bucket list!!!!!!!!!!!! The service impeccable, and they now carry my favorite vodka, Ocean Vodka from Maui!  Who could ask for more???
5	been a few times and the vanilla crusted twin lobster tails are still amazingalso some of the best seared ahi I have ever hadgreat location inside crystals in the city centerlook for the giant wood shaped tree house hovering in the air....thats it!!!
4	I will keep this short and simple. Service - awesome. Everyone, and I mean everyone, is so nice and attentive! Dining area- we requested to be seated in the wooden weavy basket area. Love the layout. This is a nice place if you wanted to do a business dinner! (We were just a party of two though)Appetizer- Dungeness crab cocktail. Okay. I am spoiled by Seattle's seafood so I have high expectations. Yes. The crab is good. Cold and refreshing. However for $25 dollars I rather have tried something else as I can get much more up north. However it was good. Steak- bone in filet was their signature so that's the one we chose. I think they cooked it exactly the way we wanted. Medium rare. It was tender and it was good, but not melt in your mouth fantastic. It was overshadowed by (dun dun dun) the fish!!! Seafood- Chilean sea bass. I got it the "arreganato" way. I probably butchered the word too. Holy crap this was amazing. It melted in your mouth and left you wondering where the heck it went so you just kept going back for more. Sides: thanks to the yelper who gave the advice to get half the amt of gnocchi. Omg this is soooo good. The truffle oil just perfected it. Best gnocchi ever!!Lobster mashed potatoes was a huge portion (had to take it to go!) I am not really a mashed potato or lobster fan but my bf is and he really liked it so definitely try one of these sides. Didnt have room for dessert but we really wanted to try the butter cake. Lame. Next time! Overall a good experience but expect to cough up some serious $$$. Try the fish!!!
5	Loved the live lounge music, the extensive bar menu and of course the food. At first I thought the location was awkward until I sat down.  The lounge act was a sexy male/female duo who played the piano and had a swanky voice. (Most are not this pleasing to the eye.) The appetizers we tasted were incredible, especially the calamari and grilled asparagus. I loved the flair our bartender used and hope he did not mind our flaky decision making skills. Can not wait to go back for a full meal.
2	We've been to mastro's 20 times at least and we went last week and everything tasted flat.  It is usually great and the service was great as usual, but the salad, steak and sides were just off.  They were just purchased by landry's and seems like every place they buy goes down hill.  I would try Jean Georges if you want a good steak at city center.
5	Excellent ,  fun and friendly!. Nice tuna.  Superb entertainment .  Piano and singer.
4	Came here for a friend's birthday celebration and the prices justified as much.  We gave our buddy a lot of crap for not being specific about tap water and we ended up with a fee of $20 for flat water.  Oh well.  I'll take the story any day.This is definitely a white table cloth establishment.  It's not super stuffy, but this isn't the place to roll in wearing shorts and a t-shirt.  The restaurant is beautifully designed and if you can, try to sit in the "pod" where you get a view of the mall interior and everyone walking around.Food was excellent.  We shared the shrimp cocktail and the vanilla battered shrimp for appetizers, and to this day, I still remember that vanilla battered shrimp.  Probably one of the best appetizers I have had.  My main course was the chilean sea bass.  The serving size was enormous and it brought off into perfect flakes during consumption.For the side dishes we had the asparagus and scalloped potatoes.  Highly recommend either but their selection has a lot to offer.Service was attentive as expected and best of all got to use a little bit of Polish.
2	After living in Vegas for about a year, this is easily the most disappointing high end meal I've had.  I'd give the food a 4/5 but the service was probably a 1/5.ServiceThe first disappointment was waiting.  We had a reservation and even so I can understand waiting by the bar for a few minutes.  However, we wanted far more than a few minutes.  Our "leader" went up to the front to inquire and they said on someone will be by shortly to seat you.  That didn't happen so we had to check back again and someone gave us the apology of "oh, I'm sorry I thought they came and got you."Maybe a miscommunication, but certainly something that could be excused.  However, things didn't get better from there.  It seems like about 10 minutes from when we seated until we even got drink menus, then another 10-15 before the drinks arrive.  Easily 15 minutes before bread arrived at the table.  It just felt like everything was so slow.  After the first round of drinks came our waitress or waitresses seemingly disappeared.  I mean when you have a table of 10 people ordering rounds of $15 cocktails or better you'd figure service would be fast.  I think they easily missed out on  at least 1 extra round due to the slow service.If you look at the prices at Mastro's and compare it to other places across town, you would expect to have a waiter or waitress that knows the menu back and forth and can describe all of the stars.  We got none of that.  I would say our service was at the level of an average chain restaurant.  You aren't adding any value when you ask about menu items and the waitress just lists 3 things that are "good".  We asked how the steaks come and the reply was something like "what do you mean"?  I mean are they seasoned, sauced, dry aged?  There is no explanation on the menu or listing of sauces or accompaniments for the steaks...."oh yeah, they are seasoned and broiled"....thanks.This was followed up with no description or explanation of any sides.  During the meal we couldn't even locate the waitresses and people were still anxious to get more drinks.I will say that the food was good.  The steak was unique in the regard it was so warm when it came out.  Usually food has somewhat cooled but their steak still had a sizzle and was warm for the first few bites, pretty good.  The asparagus was nothing special.  The lobster mashed potatoes were good but at $40 can be steep for a side dish.  Crab gnocchi was good, but I'm not crazy about gnocchi so I'm not an expert.  The problem in Vegas is that you can find a place equal to Mastro's food wise with probably lower prices so suffering through bad service can be a deal breaker.Needless to say, nobody ordered dessert or drinks after dinner.  With so many other options in town for steak I probably wouldn't come back for that.  I will say I tried the ahi tuna sashimi which seemed great for under $40.  I didn't try it but the swordfish looked the same.  I would come back if I was in the mood for seafood but would be nervous about the service, maybe with a smaller party and a better table things would be better.
4	I really wish I could give this place 5 stars because the food was very good and it is in a convenient location.  I would definitely recommend coming here, but our party made reservations well in advance and we still had to wait over an hour for our table to open up.  We weren't apologized to and everything seemed a bit frantic. Our party had an eventful day in Vegas, so we had a lot to talk about in our extended wait, but it still shouldn't happen to people that made reservations. Upside: BUTTER CAKE
5	Went to celebrate our anniversary.  Although pricey, the terrific food and service are worth the extra bucks.  Shared a large filet, 2 orders of lobster tails, and sides among four people.  Everything was delicious.  Portions are large, so it's easy to do something like this (which also cut the cost a bit).  When in Vegas, this is definitely a must-go for a great eating experience.  Joe, our server, was great fun and very attentive.  Everyone at the restaurant has a friendly NOT snooty attitude that is delightful to find in such an outstanding restaurant.
4	Excellent service, lobster mash was delicious. Everything else was also........buttercake.
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! The seafood selection is great. Def save room for the butter cake.
4	Great Filet Mignon. Asked medium rare but received it medium but still very juicy and tender.  Double baked loaded baked potato was huge and amazing.  Great for dates but was actually there with a bachelor party of 10 men and worked out great.  Very pricey but when in Rome..
5	Server: LR (or Langford) was outstanding.  Chef John and his staff cooked the best meal I have EVER had!!!  The two helpers, Jonathan and Fernando, were like ninjas...they came out of nowhere to refill our wine glass or to pick up crumbs or give clean plates/utensils...LR did this also!  Hostesses greeted us with smiles and kindness.  General Manager, Jacob, you have a great group working for and with you.  Thank you all for making our anniversary very memorable.
5	Huge portions and great service. You can also bring your own wine.  Pricey but worth it! I had two additional meals due to the leftovers and cake;)
5	Whenever we dine here, my tummy and my brain thank me..After a disappointing dinner at the RM Seafood last sunday../for my hubby s B-day/, we decided to visit our friend..Mastro at Crystals ...I called to make a reservation and was greeted by Sarah which was super nice and helpful.My husband and i were wearing shorts and that was not a problem for the restaurant's attire.We started with a bottle of Pinot Noir and of course the bread basket. For appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail /all clean,deveined properly/ and the steamed mussels..let me tell ya..the shrimps are super jumbo..i took 4bites out of one shrimp..the mussels are delicious  with that tasty wine reduction ..actually just that by itself is an entree .For entree we shared the seared scallops and a steak with a side of fries.. The portions are perfect ..but we got full after the steamed mussels so had to take the rest 'to go' ...Also, if u have a special occasion, make sure u tell them ahead as they will get u a super nice piece of cake for u.. ON THE HOUSE.All this deliciousness didn't cost more than $180 .. Thank u for another pleasant experience Mastro's ..see you soon!
5	We came here on a Monday evening for a pharmaceutical lecture. We got escorted to the 2nd floor where we had our own private room. I had the grilled salmon and grilled chicken with mash potatoes, spinach, and sweet snap peas, cheesecake with fruit on the side and coffee and of course some some chardonnay to wash it all down. - Great service! Can't complain when you have 5 waiters giving you food all at the same time and always refilling my wine glass...hiccup! lol- Salmon was very flaky! crispy on the outside and soft body texture inside. And I can say that for the chicken as well! It was delicious. Rich seasoning!- The sides could have been better, but I didn't think it taste like PRISON FOOD! haha. That's a bit harsh. - The cheesecake was superb! So smooth and creamy. I highly recommend a slice!- The men's bathroom looks like a women's bathroom! You have your own room. - Can't speak for a dinner for 2 at this location, but great venue for a formal event.
5	Ordered the australian ragu, lobster mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, creamy spinach, brussel sprouts, and vanilla baked lobster. All extremely delicious and great service. The australian ragout is 33 oz, I shared with a friend and it was more than enough. Another friend got the new york ragout which is also delicious but very, and i mean VERY fatty but just as tender and juicy. Depending on your taste, I preferred the australian ragout.
5	Unbelieveable experience! Went there with a group of 8 and sat in the treehouse. The food was fantastic but it was the service that made the night. Our server knew the menu inside and out and made recommendations that everyone enjoyed. She even knew all the preparations inside and out. Some had seafood while others enjoyed the signature steaks Mastros is known for. Also the cocktails were great. If you have a group and are looking for an A+ experience while in Vegas this is a great choice.
2	Wow, what a huge disappointment!  I have always heard good things about this chain, including this location in Vegas.  This is a high-end (very pricey) steak joint, so you expect (a) a REALLY good steak and (b) prompt efficient service.  Ocean Club failed on both counts during our recent dinner.  Had we not been pressed for time, I definitely would have had a candid (blunt) discussion with the manager regarding our disappointment.  Our party of 12 was promptly seated and we had two waiters to handle the large party.  Failure #1 - drink orders were taken from the ladies and those came out quickly (within 5-10 minutes); they didn't take drink orders from the guys for another 5-10 minutes and we waited a good 15 minutes before they came out.  They messed up on two of the drink orders (stuff that shouldn't have been a mistake).Failure #2 - they screwed up on one of the steak orders (ordered rib-eye - I was sitting right next to him, so I knew that is what he ordered), they apologized profusely and said they would expedite the correct steak.  10 minutes later guess what comes out?  The WRONG steak again!  Fortunately most of the guys got larger steaks, so we shared so that our friend wouldn't be left eating alone.Failure #3 - I had ordered my steak medium rare, but it came out much closer to medium-well.  For a high-end steakhouse, this should never happen - steaks should come out consistent / match what the customer ordered.The only positive note was the side dishes were all very good.  Other reviews are consistent on the rave reviews of the sides.Given how much we spent on dinner, it was a massive disappointment.  8/31 Update - after posting my review, I did get a personal call from the GM of the restaurant.  He was very apologetic and I believe he was sincere in soliciting my feedback to ensure the risk of this happening to other patrons is minimized.  As a gesture of good faith, he did offer a gift card for use at any Mastro's location.  To be honest, had this call not happened, I would have never set foot in this restaurant chain again.  But, because of this gesture, we did go to the Beverly Hills location and had an AMAZING meal (I'll post a separate review for that location).
5	BEST SEA BASS IN MY LIFE.  The portion was much bigger than I was expecting, and because I ordered it medium rare, the fish was cooked just right!  Everyone at our 8-person table had either the sea bass, rib-eye, or bone-in filet, and everyone's dish was delicious.  Would definitely come back here!!!
5	And we can't stopAnd we won't stopCan't you see it's we who own the night?Can't you see it's we who 'bout that life at...MASTRO'S OCEAN CLUB! - Miley Cyrus (we can't stop)I made reservations here the day of as I wanted to watch a cirque show but didn't know if we wanted to watch the earlier or the later showing. No problems here, as Mastro's was very accommodating. When I came to check in, they were already aware that I had a two hour window before the show and made sure I'd be good to go. Off to a great start!Seeing as I didn't eat any steak earlier in the trip, I had to get one here. It was super tasty and although a little closer to medium than medium rare, turned out to be just as fantastic. The chilean sea bass, which many yelpers have gotten, is excellent pan seared and a good sized portion as well. We also ordered sides of the lobster mashed potatoes and a half order of the Alaskan crab black truffle gnocchi. Both were served table side and both had huge chunks of lobster and king crab, respectively.With about half an hour to go, our waitress knew about our showtime as well and brought us out the signature butter cake, which is a must order here. You're in Vegas; this thing is crazy buttery but oh man, you have to try it. If I'm staying at the Aria again next time, I would order this dessert to go to take back to the room.Huge thumbs up for excellent service and the live music was fun and we got on our way on time. With a very cool atmosphere and location, I want to thank Mastro's for a memorable meal, I approve!
3	This place is a tree house.. no really, it is!  Their main dining area is called the tree house; quite cute actually.  But regarding the experience:Food:4 starsService: 1 starPrice:2 startAverage:2.5 star.. but I rounded up because my meal was courtesy of MGM... thanks casino host!I was seated by the hostess.. then I waited.. and waited... and waited.. for menus.  After making continuous eye contact with the wait staff, displaying my need for service, I was ignored.  Then maybe after 10 mins, I received a menu, but still had to ask for water.  Shocking, as this is supposed to be a nicer restaurant.. You would think with these prices, would come service.  Also, during our dinner, I had numerous times where I was looking an empty champagne glass.. and no I'm not a fast drinker... If you are going to place the bottle in a ice bucket stand on the other side of the table, please be mindful of when to fill my glass... I know this may sound snobby, but i have no problem pouring my own glass.. however, I believe they should keep a close eye, especially since there was plenty of staff just standing around.The mussels were probably one of the best I've had! This was a nice surprise, as most steamed mussels are quite standard with white wine, garlic and parsley.  But this had some sort of light and creamy sun-dried tomato sauce! it was thin enough to compliment these under the sea delights, but hearty enough to dip with bread!  The crab cake was also divine!  Definitely no fillers here.. instead, a cake-shaped form of literally pure crab!  The Chilean sea bass was prepared really great, especially for a white fish!Overall, I would definitely check this place out, ESPECIALLY if you have a food/bev comp through MGM hotels.  However, I still prefer Sage over this place.  The service really stood out to me, and it was HORRIBLE!Dear waitstaff.- please be kind to your customers, especially in the city of where splurge-worthy tips are common!  And to the tall, 60 year old server with some salt and pepper action going on ontop of that head.. stop winking at ladies.. you're creeping people out!!
5	My friend & I started with a bottle of Marquis de la Tour non-vintage Champagne. We ordered the Mastro's Signature Seafood Tower of shrimps, lobster, Alaskan King crab legs, Alaskan Red King crab claws, and Kusshi oysters. The shrimps were plump & juicy, as was the lobster. The crab was sweet & succulent. The oyster were very fresh. On the side were cocktail sauce, mustard, and our favourite, atomic horseradish, where a little goes a long way! In addition to the seafood tower, we had the Alaskan King crab black truffle gnocchi. As it approached our table, the smell of the black truffles was very evident. Atop the gnocchi was a parmesan & bread crumb topping, which was baked until golden brown. We added a few lemon drop martinis, which were pour table side. It steamed as the liquid touched the ice. The service was amazing. The waiter was super friendly, and the water boys were attentive. I never saw the bottom of my glass. The ambiance was very delightful. It just made the meal even better. We loved every element of this meal!
5	What is there to say about Mastro's Ocean Club that has not already been said? It's funny . . . we live in Scottsdale, home of the original Mastro's and Mastro's Ocean Club, and yet, this is where we decided to dine in Las Vegas. Having never been to Mastro's Ocean Club in Scottsdale, but knowing friends far and wide have been so delighted there, we thought on our vacation, we should give the sister restaurant a try! We are so glad we did!The space itself is very unique in design. We were seated in the "Tree House". It is quite a spectacle from inside as well as outside as the wood towers from the lower level of the Crystals shopping center to the very top with a rounded platform area, that kind of resembles an open wooden spaceship, within which is the dining room seating. It is very light and airy. There is plenty of room between tables and despite some of other reviewers complaints that the music is loud, we had no problem with it, even on a Friday night.Our waiter (I think his name is Robert) was one of the best servers we have ever had, in just about any restaurant in which we have dined. He was knowledgeable, friendly, didn't hover, and was not pushy at all. He gave us time to order, time in between courses, time to finish the humongous plates of food.  The rest of the waitstaff was also attentive. Having sat outside at the pool all day, my husband was parched, and I think he drank at least eight glasses of water . . . he never had to wait for the glass to be refilled! When I couldn't finish a course, the attendant asked if he could wrap the remaining up to go. I didn't have to flag anyone down.The food was top notch, bar none!  We started with the ahi tuna tartare. It was a massive appetizer of tiny cubed ahi piled above avocado and what I believe were panko chips. Fresh, flavorful and enough for a table of four (not two) to share! Not knowing how large the portion was going to be, we also ordered an Ocean Club Salad to split - fabulous! And, huge! It had chopped egg, onion, shrimp, lobster, blue cheese . . . you could eat one as a meal. At that point, I issued a proclamation to my husband, aside from our main entrees, we could only order ONE side. Hubby ordered the bone-in rib eye . . . a hunka hunka burnin' love of meat, perfectly seasoned, perfectly seared to medium rare. Bliss for my hubby who gets no red meat at home!  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass Oreganata . . . melted in my mouth . . . and, it too was a giant piece of fish! I couldn't even finish it. The twice baked potato was delish, even luke warm, as we couldn't even finish it during our meal, but instead had it as a midnight snack back in our hotel room!  One other note . . . and this was pure genius. I couldn't finish my wine. If I put anything more into my stomach, I think I would have exploded! Our waiter said on the way out, take my drink to the hostess and she will give it to me to go. Apparently, the hostess can do this, but the waiter can't. Thinking I am going to get my wine in a plastic cup . . . the hostess actually poured it into another wine glass and told me to keep it! Without a doubt, this was the best meal we had in Vegas over this three-day holiday. And despite what some would say is a hefty price tag, I beg to differ. The quality of the service and food were spot on. We had dinner at two other similarly priced restaurants and left feeling robbed. Not so at Mastro's Ocean Club. I think I have finally convinced my husband to make the Scottsdale Mastro's Ocean Club on our regular rotation for fine dining . . . I hope it lives up to the Las Vegas outlet!
5	Incredible food and even more amazing service! Number one experience this trip to Vegas!
1	One of the worst steakhouse I've ever ate at.. Dirty dishes and knives to begin with. Had 3 of my friends order medium rare and it came out brown.. Told the manager, he had the chef to start a new order, and it came out again well done.. I was speechless. How do you mess up the order twice??? For a steakhouse this is pathetic. If your cooks can't cook steaks .. Please consider a new profession..
5	We sat in the bar area   Had a couple martinis and Kumomoto oysters and (super huge) shrimp cocktail.  Everything was wonderful!  The service here is absolutely fantastic!
5	22oz Ribeye is outstanding!Warm butter cake is the perfect desert!
4	Party of 8 on a Tuesday night.Interesting set up - there is a part of the restaurant that looks like a large wooden hornet's nest.  Not sure what that's all about.  Service was impeccable from the hostess to the main server to his assistants.  Everything was prompt, polite and timed well.  We were not rushed out even though we were one of the last parties to leave. Food:I ordered the Gorgonzola Mac and Cheese $12 and the Rack of Lamb $48.  The mac and cheese was a little disappointing - very little flavor and it was dry,  very dry.  I had read that this was a great side dish so I was sad when it wasn't very palatable.  The portion is huge - consider sharing it if you do.  It easily fed our entire table.  I asked for the Rack of Lamb medium rare and it came out closer to medium.  Regardless, the flavor was very smooth, not gamey.  The outside was a little too charred, but the rest of it was quite good.  It came with mint jelly, which was very tasty.  We also had a Heirloom Tomato and Burrata salad $12 which was a very generous portion - the tomatoes were sweet and juicy.  The table got the Seafood Tower (have no idea how much that was but it was worth it).  This was friggin amazing.  Honestly.  There were Kumamoto oysters, fresh dungeness crab, snow crab legs, humongous shrimp, great big lobster claws.  All fresh and tender meat.  It didn't require sauce.  None of it was briny or sandy.  So delicious and whatever we paid, I don't care.  It was unbelievable. Other people in our party got the Arctic Char "oreganato" style, bone-in filet, seared scallops and halibut.  Every dish was served with mushrooms, asparagus, green beans and creamed corn (this had to have crack in it b/c creamed corn never tasted so good.)  NO ONE had a single complaint and EVERYONE finished what they ordered.  By this time, we're all about to pass out from food coma, but we insisted on the BUTTER CAKE.  If you come here, no matter what you order, you MUST save room for this signature dessert.  I can't even describe it but it is amazing.  It comes out warm, w/ freshly made whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.   MUST.  MUST.  MUST have.  Overall, great experience.  Cost us a total of $1400 for 7 people.  You do the math.
1	Really bad experience, here. Was hoping for an awesome night for my 50th birthday. Based on reviews, I chose Mastro's. Wish i hadn't. Filet came out well done, sent it back, came out raw in the middle. A fine restaurant that can't cook a filet to medium rare should just close its doors. On top of that, my wife and son's NY strips tasted like liver. Not sure how they achieved that. The manager was very apologetic and tore up the check, but I still can't recommend this place.
5	EXCELLENT service. OUTSTANDING FOOD. We try to come every time we are in town.My favorite restaurant in Vegas. Even beats the Ocean Club in Newport Beach CA. They give you the right amount of service at the table, checking on you timely but without interrupting or being overbearing. When the set up the table, I saw the manager readjusting to make sure the setting was perfect, they even put a light on the wine and water glasses to make sure they are perfectly clean! Everyone is super polite, you are rushed but not left unattended either. They have nailed it! We really appreciated it.Food is delicious. From the bread, to the crab cocktail, to the steak, lobster mashed potatoes and last but not least the butter cake. All to die for. You really get what you pay for here! And it's worth it! Thank you!
3	I am a fan for sure.  The service and food is top notch, but my main problem with Mastos in Las Vegas is location.  The location (which is a huge factor with fine dining) is in the center of a high end indoor mall and it's loud.  Mastros can not control ambiance and echoing noise from the mall including the 80s hair band music that was playing throughout the mall.  I have been to Mastros in New Port and I should say the mood is very different there because they can control it.  So all in all.  Food Great...Service Great....Location Not Great.
4	Pretty much everything positive has been said about this Mastro's location in Las Vegas. Sit in the "Tree house" if you can. It's a cool atmosphere.Great service, excellent quality, and well-mixed drinks. Just be sure to try the brussel sprouts. Wow.
5	This past weekend was my second time at Mastro's and this time I was in charge of planning for 16 hungry guys in a bachelor party.  The original number we 12, and I called 3 days before and had no problems getting a table.  By Saturday night, the number had ballooned to 16.  I was nervous about calling to change the reservation, but Mastro's called first and offered a private room which made it even easier to up the number to 16.  Many thanks to the Hostesses at Mastro's for being so easy to work with.  The service is here is friendly and confident, they know what they are doing.The food continues to carry that confident theme.  Big, bold, and flavorful, the steaks here are serious...no sides to cover them up.  They are served to you "naked" with nothing else on the plate.  Sides can be ordered for the table and the sides pretty much all delicious.  Back to the steaks...Charred and flavorful on the outside, juicy and savory on the inside.  My mouth waters just thinking about it.
5	My husband has been spoiling me rotten for the last days of my 30s. We had the pleasure of coming here Monday night. We were greeted my the beautiful Jasmine who told me she had the same exact birthday as me ( only she was 1993 and I was 1973) but we were so giddy about it. Once we were seated our server Allen was one of the most attentive servers I've ever had. He was so polite and knowledgable, he knew every detail about the menu and made sure the food was to our liking. I got the lobster bisque, and the scallops. My husband got the fresh oysters, and seared tuna. Everything was perfect! Then they came with my chocolate cake with fresh cream. I cried, it was magical! I hope I don't have to wait another ten years to come back. What an experience!
5	My favorite place to dine in Las Vegas!(1) Service - I forgot his name but awesome, awesome server! Best service ever. He was hot too! Drools! 5 stars for amazing service and seating me with a hot server.(2) Seafood Tower - massive shrimp, king crab, lobster, three types of oysters, and massive mouth jizzy. (3) Bone-In Ribeye - mouth jizz... must get! 5 stars(4) Lobster Mash Potato - one of my favorite dishes. Drenched in BUTTER... yum! 5 stars(5) Asparagus - well cooked! 5 stars!(6) Bone Marrow - 5 stars!(7) Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi - 5 stars(8) Birthday Chocolate Cake - I got this for free... so sweet of them... but it wasn't my birthday... I think they gave it to the wrong person.(9) Coffee - a little weak... I wanted a strong one... so I can get ready for the clubbb... yeahhhhh... woots!OVERALL** Yup! That was all for 2 people... haha! I eat a lot! Massive bill... but worth every of my penny!
4	Beautiful restaurant that catches your eye. The staff was really nice and knowledgeable. The food is pricey but it's located inside of Crystals so that's to be expected. The beef carpaccio was delicious, the oysters were fresh and my mom ordered the sea bass which was perfectly cooked and tasty. I told them that it was my mother's birthday and they brought out a cake with a candle for her on the house. Great surprise. Great staff, great food and overall great experience! A must to check out.
2	1.) The wait staff was inattentive. 2.) Sommelier (via waitress) brought out the wrong bottle of wine.3.) Lamb was medium well when asked for medium rare.4.) Swordfish was raw and under seasoned.Front and back of the house need help.
3	Decent seafood in an odd location. You are in the middle of a mall. Most of the times I've eaten in a mall has been at a food court. This isn't a food court, its a high end seafood place that costs a good chunk. The seafood tower was excellent except for the peanut sized oysters. My salad was very good. My tuna entree was on a par with Outback Steakhouse. Not enough going on here to make me want to go back. Even if you got to sit in the alien mothership, it wouldn't calm the odd feeling you get here.Flat to slightly upturned face.
5	Definitely one of my favorite spots for dinner. The lobster mashed potatoes are a must! Make reservations and take your date for a nice dinner. Definitely a quiet romantic spot for a dinner for two. They have a singer and piano player that make this place even more enjoyable.
4	Great service, good food. Place stays busy so set reservations and enjoy.
4	Another place I have been to several times and never had gotten around to writing a review .Service is generally excellent here. The meat is always good buuuuut well the sides in my opinion leave a little to be desired. One flawed menu item is the vanilla battered lobster tails. Like a frigging lobster funnel cake. A light tempura type batter would be a better choice, it was the first time I have not finished a lobster tail. Ah well, lesson learned.
5	Had a great anniversary dinner here over the weekend. The service was top notch, thank you Alan and all staff. The food was amazing. We had a 8oz filet, bone in filet, lobster mash, and mac-n-cheese sides. The meal was amazing. The food was delicious and rich, I was hungry but there was no way I could even put a dent in the sides. We ordered two specialty cocktails. The strawberry mule was one of the best drinks I've had in a long time. Thank you Mastro's for making our anniversary extra special. I hope to be back soon.
5	Honestly, one of the best meals I've ever had.  A great location, an amazing experience, and possibly the best waitstaff I've ever encountered.  Everything was perfect and I could not have enjoyed my time at Mastro's more.
4	We've eaten at the Mastro's in Chicago before and we were looking forward to a great steak. The low down for the Mastro's in Vegas is below:A) Service: Superb. Our waiter was fantastic. Best overall service in a restaurant we've had in a long time.B)  Atmosphere:  OK. We sat "outside" so that we had a view of the mall. The atmosphere here is really not conducive to a great experience. You feel like you are eating in a mall food court. They should really try to find a better location with better ambiance. C) Food. Really good ( almost) There were 4 of us and we all ordered some variation of a fillet. Mine came out perfect, but my wife ordered hers medium rare and it came out close to well done. We were having such a good time with our friends that she didn't want to spoil the scene and return the steak. Otherwise everything was great including the shaker that they bring to your table with your cocktail, so that you actually can 2 glasses of booze for $18 rather than one. Overall, another great steakhouse in Vegas. Probably won't come back. Not because it was poor, but just because there are so many other places to explore in this restaurant town.
4	I decided on this place for my boyfriends birthday because he loves steak and I love seafood. He tried to convince me to go somewhere cheaper but I wouldnt allow it. At first I was not a fan of our server- took about 15 minutes to get menu's and an introduction. I think he heard me bitching about it because after that he went out of his way to attend to us. He was an odd fellow but he was trying very hard. I am a sucker for expensive glasses of wine and love it when a restaurant offers such- The server gave a very on point description of the wine I ordered. For entree I had the sea bass and my boyfriend had steak- something with a bone in it- I guess the rib eye? Im not sure about that as I dont eat beef...I was loving my sea bass until my darling mentioned that his steak was extremely salty...and in that moment I noticed that mine was also extremely salty...and I LOVE salt. The sea bass was cooked to perfection and was so flaky and delicious with just the perfect amount of crust on the outside. But- it was almost too salty to eat. My boyfriend said the same thing about the steak- that it was perfectly cooked and a great piece of meat but too salty to really enjoy. Overall the meal cost me an arm and at least 2 legs...Service B+, Wine A+, Entree C, Bread A+, Price for what you get C+.
5	Came in here for dinner and all i can say is WoW. First, the service is outstanding. Second the Petite Filet was so well prepared you did not even need a knife. The flavor was amazing, as were the sides we order. You definitely get what you pay for here..worth every penny
5	Husband and I were in Vegas for a few days and we had dinner at Mastro's on our first night.  I originally booked the table for 7:30 p.m. but as we were running late, I called and asked that our time be pushed back to 8 p.m. and the lady said it should be fine.  We got there at 8 promptly and were seated at the first table by the entrance.  It has its pros & cons.  It's good in that we were sort of in our own corner but bad in that there was a lot of traffic, people walking by and the table next to us was quite loud.  Nevertheless, we enjoyed our dinner tremendously, both the food and the service.  Our server was Rob and we really want to thank him here again for his excellent and professional service.  I hope he will read this review, but if not, I hope other diners will ask for Rob as he is really awesome.  He is very sincere and does just enough to make you feel welcomed and taken care of.  The food was really awesome.  We ordered lobster cocktail, a 33 oz Australian Kobe steak to share and a side of sauteed mushrooms and a bottle of Tomey.  Everything was delicious.  We were on a bit of tight schedule as we have a show to watch at 10 p.m.  at the Mirage and Rob did everything he could to get us of out there in time for the show.  Thank you so much Rob for a wonderful dinner experience!
5	Every single time we go to Las Vegas, we make sure to make reservation with Mastro's right after hotel reservation... I love to eat at bird cage... Service is EXCELLENT!!!  They do everything possible to make me feel welcome all the time.
5	I think it is actually called the "tree house", but I kept calling it the birds nest. Whatever it was, it was cool!! Now, keep in mind, this was a business dinner that I was at, so anything goes when it comes to ordering!! As far as what I had, I started with the chopped salad. Delish! For dinner I got the petite filet special. This was different than the regular petite filet, because it came with the most delicious king crab leg meat as well in a yummy butter sauce. I honestly could only eat half of the steak, this was just too much food all around. For sides, we got the mushrooms, creamed corn, creamed spinach, sweet potato fries, and scalloped potatoes. holy bananas these were all so good.Then we finished with the butter cake!! Which is gigantic, way to big for two people. We all got some of it (there were six of us), but keep in mind we were stuffed at this point! The noise level was reasonable in this restaurant, so it was perfect for a dinner with colleagues.
5	Can't get enough of mastros, service makes u feel at home and the food is unreal, I would recommend hitting one of these up in the city closest to you
5	I have been here 2 times in the last year  the staff is freely and very attentive. This time we got to sit in the Bird house which is really cool.  The first time was great had the Herb Roasted Chicken*24oz, Lobster Bisque Soup & Heirloom Tomato & Burrata, Creamed Spinach, Creamed Corn, Grilled Asparagus but the best part was the dessert that Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake is by far the best dessert you will every taste.  So on our second visit we wanted to see if they could repeat it.  Again we got the Herb Roasted Chicken*24oz - it really is very good and enough for two to share.  We got the Blue Cheese wedge and the  for the sides this time we stuck to the same creamed spinach, creamed corn but added the onion rings )which are fantastic) and the grilled Brussels Sprouts(i have to admit these were not bitter at all.)  then came the end that Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake was even better then I remembered its so gooey it melts in your mouth, you have to have it warm because we have stopped by just got the cake to go and it was server cold s not the same.  I recommend to anyone weather you live in Vegas or visiting try this place you will not be disappointed.
3	the  appetizer, salad and desert were great but I had the worst halibut and my wife had tasteless steak which was over cooked ( she asked for medium well )  , will not dine in Mastro's Ocean Club ,  over priced and not worth the time
5	I don't say this much.  OMG, this place is amazing.  I was in Vegas with friends, and my buddy said i should try this place out  and i would love it.  i was skeptic at best..We had a group of 8 and we decided to do family style and order apps.  We ordered the bone marrow, escargot, scallops, and calamari  The bone marrow was okay in my opinion, but everyone loved it on my table.  I would have like some more accompaniment to enhance the flavors.  There was plenty of marrow, bread and  micro greens, and fine sea salt flakes.  It was very rich and flavor, but i had better.  it is still worth it.The scallops were perfectly pan seared, and it came with a pleasant herb-y butter sauce.  Each bite was amazing and when you are done with the scallops.  The sauce was great for  bread  dipping.The escargot was good.  it came with the standard butter, garlic and shallots.  There is probably a few other herbs in there, but we ate them too fast to really look..  The friend calamari was good and came with two sauce, tartar, and i think a remoulade.  After having the other items, i wasn't too impressed.  This would be a great dish, if it was somewhere else. But we are talking about Mastro's.The OMG moment was a  bone in petite filet we ordered.  When i first saw it, i was very disappointed when i saw the waiter cut it,  It look raw.  I was thinking how can a place like this, don't know the difference between medium rare and raw.  Boy was i wrong.  The table decide we should try it and not waste it, because we all thought the same thing.  But when i bit into it, it was the most wonderful steak i had in recent memory.  It has a full of flavor, it was season to perfection.  Every bite, i wanted another one.   In the end, i would have fought off the table for the bone.  Lucky for me, no one wanted it.  I love the acidic marinade they used for the steak.  I guess it is a balsamic vinegar marinade.  Man, i want to go back so badly.Anyway, i don't think i can top anything else in this review.  I have to say the signature pound cake was good, but you must really have a sweet tooth.  Waiters and bus people were amazing and entertaining.  they are here to give you the best experience they can.    so please tip well.The decor is amazing, just go look at the pictures online.  Now i just want to go to any Mastro's and have that steak again.
4	Gosh this structure sure is beautiful in the middle of the mall at ARIA.  I was in Las Vegas on a double date with my neighbor and his girlfriend for my partner's birthday.  At the tail end of our trip we had reservations for Mastro's Ocean Club.  It was pretty grand, let me tell you.The service is simply superior.  You're not going to get a higher class feeling, especially for being inside a mall.We had the lobster mashed potatoes and onion rings for the table (the onion rings were AMAZING), and we each ordered a different drink (personally, I ordered Dragon Fire, which was tequila with all sorts of sweets and a jalapeno topping).  Our main meals were all impressive in their own ways.  I ordered the lamb, which was simple and delicious.  My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon, which was cooked to his perfection and would've rated this place 5 starts.  My neighbor ordered the ribeye, and was displeased with the outcome.  My neighbor ordered medium rare for his ribeye, and my partner ordered medium-well for his filet mignon (because he will NEVER eat bloody meat), and my neighbor's ribeye was much more well cooked than the filet mignon.  My neighbor's experience was lackluster, but TRUST ME, had my neighbor said something to the server immediately it would've been fixed ASAP.  My neighbor didn't want to make a big deal, so he just said something at the end of the meal that it was okay, and he ate it, but he wasn't happy with it because of how well it was done.  The server was very apologetic and took the ribeye off our bill.  His girlfriend had the mussels, and she thought they were good but wasn't floored by the textxure.Mastro's was great, but this is definitely one of the restaurants I go to once because I don't want to have another meal while watching ostentatious women picking out what they want at Balenciaga across the way with a perfect view.  It was annoying.
1	Super disappointed tonight to not eat here.  Had reservations at 8:15 and they were backed up - told us it would be 15-20 minutes.  Checked back a couple of times and the hostess was a bit aloof.  I assume it was because there were numerous people waiting for their reservations.  Checked back at 8:45 to be told that best case was another 20 minutes....not sure the point in reservations if you don't get to keep them.  Sure the food is good but we left to find something else.
5	It looks like it's all been said before, so I'll keep this short (as much as I can manage) and sweet.  Impressive digs: the sculptural treehouse dining room is a gem.  The bar is impressive (a two story shelf of bottles).  The service is absolutely top notch: when we arrived for our 8:30 pm reservations, the hosts apologized but there was going to be a twenty minute delay.  We weren't bothered at all by the wait, but we were still given glasses of complimentary champagne--and we were treated to the restaurant's signature Warm Butter Cake for dessert.  I have absolutely no complaints about the delay in getting seated.  Mastro's handled a difficult situation appropriately, and in my opinion, went above and beyond for myself and the other guests that were also seated late.My boyfriend and I went all out for dinner and ordered the seared ahi appetizer as well as the Hamachi with Fried Onions.  Please, oh please make sure you get this.  I've never seen anything like it before.  The perfectly fried onions melt on your tongue like butter, and the hamachi was perfect.  What an amazing combination.We ordered the Bone-In 12 Oz Filet and the 22 Oz Rack of Lamb with a side of Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese and Roasted Brussels Sprouts. The proteins were cooked perfectly and were absolutely delicious, but the stand out dish on the table was the flippin' amazing Mac & Cheese.  We talked about it at the restaurant, as we were leaving the restaurant, while we were next door at the Aria casino, on our flight home, and ever since we've been back home.  They are out of this world.  We were so sad that we weren't able to take home the leftovers.Dessert: what hasn't been said about the Warm Butter Cake already?  Just get it already.This place is spendy--and totally worth every penny.
4	It's everything you could want / expect in fine dining (aka expensive) restaurant.Can't really say much else that hasn't already been previously addressed. We dined here tonight for my mom's early birthday celebration. My sister and I split a 20 oz bone in rib eye and my mom had grilled pacific swordfish. We also ordered sides of steamed broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes. Since it was her birthday, she got a free warm butter cake with a personal touch! The food was good - although there was a wee bit of over-charred areas on the steak and the butter cake was also a bit too sweet (maybe my taste buds are too sensitive now).Overall it was a good dining experience. Would I come back..? Maybe after I've experienced other fine dining places.
2	I've always said that you can judge a restaurant by it's bread as an indication of it's food. The bread basket at this particular Mastro's was a bad omen in itself. I've better had better escargot's at a Vietnamese restaurant in Little Saigon. My Chilean Seabass was a tragedy, usually my favorite fish. It had to be the oil or butter that they pan seared it in that tastes like gasoline and left me nauseated. It was the fist time I left Chilean Seabass half eaten.The shoe string fries was mostly fried in the same horrific lard. Even ketchup couldn't salvage the flavor.The mushrooms were good but my nausea keep me for enjoying them. The 18 oz bone in filet was had no character what so ever. Such a disappointment compared to other Mastro's that we dined at.I've had good steaks at good restaurants. This place isn't it.
3	I'm being critical here. The Mastros in Costa Mesa, Ca, is my favorite steak house anywhere. The Mastros Ocean Club in Laguna Beach has an awesome coastal location. This Mastros is in a mall. Enough said.
5	We live in LV, and eat all the time at the high end strip restaurants.  This is probably the easiest 5 star rating I have ever given.  Everything was fantastic, and I went in with very high expectations.  A friend recommended, and said it was one of the best steaks in LV.  I was not disappointed. Steak had terrific flavor, and melted in your mouth.  Drinks, appetizers, main courses, sides, and desserts - all were simply fantastic.  We also loved the atmosphere, and our waiter was excellent.  We will certainly return.
4	the service of course is great. We had the 12 oz bone-in filet (in the $50's range) and the 10oz filet ($48). if you like your steak tasting soft like butter it's best to order it medium rare. It comes in a 200 degree plate so it'll continue to cook the steak. for sides, we had the lobster mashed potato ($39)-it was delicious, it was a bit salty for me  but my party liked it. cream spinach-bland- i think i had better at Lawry's Gorgonzola mac and cheese-best eat it while it's hot, once it's cold it's really bland. the sides are generous, we order one of each  and it was more than enough for my party of 6.  We did have some appetizers prior.   the basket of bread of abundant- prezel bread, garlic Parmesan bread, olive bread and some other stuff.
5	Celebrated my birthday with 4 ladies this evening. It has been my experience at other restaurants that waiters do their best to ignore serving women because they expect a lousy gratuity. Not here; the service was excellent by Robert and our food delicious. Our steaks arrived perfectly cooked, hot and juicy.  The butter cake is not to be missed! In the last couple of months I have eaten at Maestro's Beverly Hills, Palm Springs and now Las Vegas. You can't go wrong!
5	You can do a lot of interesting things in Vegas.  I had no idea fine dining in a funky abstract treehouse was one of them.  Mastro's is quite the experience -- from the structure itself, to the wondrous items and their presentations, to the exceptional and classy staff.  You salivate as you picture-perfect dishes being carried by.  The seafood tower is a spectacle - double tiered dish with dry ice smoke surrounding it.  I have no idea how the waitstaff can carry that giant concoction.  It came to the table and shocked us at first sight.  The shrimp were the size of my fist, the crab legs were monstrous, and everything was overwhelming.  If you can eat after that appetizer, then hats off to you!  As luck would have it, I was crazy hungry, so I went for the 22 oz Bone-in Ribeye.  It came out on a plate sizzling at 400 degrees.  Perfection!  Medium rare to the T.  That was the second best Ribeye I've ever had (first being V&A).  I wanted to pick up the bone and start gnawing.  Someone else got the Halibut cheek which also looked very unique and delicious.  I really wanted to order it.  Alas, as a Texan, Ribeyes speak to my heart (on so many levels?)  This is definitely one of classiest places that I've been to.  What an upscale Vegas experience.
5	This place is the best for fish.Get the tuna, and get it raw, or close to it.Lobster mashed potatoes are superb, probably has a whole lobster in an order. At almost $40, it's not a cheap side, but worth it and more than enough to share with a few people.Service is always great.Mastro's is obviously not cheap, but if I'm going to spend that much for dinner, this is the only place I know that still consistently over-delivers at that price.
4	We called for reservations a few hours prior to our requested time & were delightfully accommodated. There were 4 of us & we ordered the following to sharekids:Appetizer: Seafood tower (amazing)Escargot (I can't comment because I don't eat it, but the others agreed that it went well with the puff pastry it was served with)Main Courses:Tomahawk Wagyu Steak, Scallops & Lobster (all very delicious)We were so stuffed, we couldn't even look at the dessert menu. Service: could've been better. Our waiter seemed to be occupied with a larger party & when he would walk by our table, I noticed he didn't look our way to check on whether or not we needed anything. We nearly had to flag him down every time as he passed us quickly. Large table, small table, which ever it may be...needs equal amount if attention. Especially if you don't want your tip to start decreasing. The minus 1 star is for their lack of service & their water selection (still or sparkling). Some are OK with tap & it wasn't at least offered.
2	Decided to have a nice dinner with my husband and everyone recommended to come here.  We were both really excited and wanted to a enjoy a nice dinner even knowing that it would be pricey.  The server was very nice and a great salesman.  He knew exactly to recommend the most expensive items on the menu.The bread basket is amazing!!!I think the drinks are WAY too expensive especially with the Vodka that they offer, $18 for a martini with SKY vodka is ridiculous!Ordered:18 oz Bone in Filet Mignon - MediumLobster mashed potatoesMushroomsand Truffle FriesNote - side orders are really big and are family style.Results:Our steak even with the bone did not look 18 oz (not even close) our steak came rare, we sent parts of it back to cook just for a couple of more seconds and got it back totally well done and gross.  The Lobster mashed potatoes were ok and NOT worth $39 as you barely tasted the lobster and all you tasted were massive amounts of butter.  I would have been happy with garlic mash.  The mushrooms were amazing and probably the tastiest item we ordered.  The really expensive fries were soggy and didn't have much flavor at all.The manager was nice enough to not charge us for the overly cooked steak but it was quite disappointing to go to specialty restaurant where they don't know how to cook their meat the right way.   Even after they took off the meat the bill came out to $140 and it was totally not worth it.  Very disappointed in our experience here.
4	I just can't say that I am a fan of this famous steakhouse, but hubby is definitely a fan of their steak, so still 4 stars, the service was over the top, the restaurant is classy and beautiful. Decided to have anniversary dinner there, we asked to be seated at one of those window tables in the tree house, our host managed to get us one, very nice of her. Started off with bottle of French champagne, loved it, the bread basket was so delicious, just too much for 2 people, it could easily feed up to 5 people seriously! The hard part was to order, the entire meat section is out, that's pretty much all of the items on the menu. Saw seafood and sushi choices, a bit relieved really, glad I am usually a Pesce at nice restaurants, otherwise I would have nothing to order except salads or some sides, that would be miserable at a nice restaurant, wouldn't it ? Our server introduced lots of things, we decided to do chilled seafood platter first, a little bit of everything on the platter: The presentation of the platter was amazing, smokes came out of the prawns container, so beautiful and appetizing. The Kumamoto oysters were so good, the lobster claw meat was fairly tender. But the other things in there were bad, the crab & lobster meats were so hard and chewy, the prawns were even harder. They were hard to cut, even harder to swallow, we didn't finish them, so wasteful... The horseradish and cocktail sauces were so good, added nice flavors to chilled seafood. Clam chowder soup with garlic bread: our server was so nice to split the soup for us, even though we didn't ask so, the soup was still huge after splitting, too bad I didn't want any soup, so I just gave it to hubby, kinda felt bad for our server's thoughtful gesture. Lobster roll: had it as my entree, it was bad, really? The rice was thick, the stuffing was not that flavorful, I didn't like the cream sauce came with it, I had one and half pieces, and stopped eating. 12 oz bone in filet in medium rare: the plate was 400 degrees hot! Perfectly cooked to medium rare, the steak melted in hubby's mouth right away, he said it tasted amazing! Absolutely loved every single bite of it! Mushroom side: I love mushrooms so much, but those mushrooms were flavorless, they were just not that good. I had one bite, that's it. So, either my taste buds were numbed from too much drinking? Or Mastro's is really just for steak lovers? My food was just bad... I didn't even eat that much, just sat there , sip on my champagne, and tried very hard not to fall asleep in the middle of a dinner date.... They gave us anniversary chocolate cake with a lit candle, so beautiful, and a huge plate of whipped cream too. The cake was so good, both of us loved it, so yummy! I had a 20 -yr -old tawny ($27) to go with it, it was amazing. It's a famous steakhouse, of course it's pricey. Reserved wine list starts at $100 a bottle, up to 10 thousand. Tab was $350 for two. To be honest, I didn't like my food, dinner experience was good, I was just too sleepy to really enjoy it. Their restroom located upstairs next to private dining room, the elevator to upstairs was claustrophobic. And I don't think this place is good for dinner date, food is too much for two people, impossible to finish everything. The restaurant is too bright, not intimate at all. But it's great for family, group dining, or steak lovers!
5	We did not eat this time around.  We just stopped in for some late night drinks.  The setting is great.  The bar is a cool place.  Our bartender was knowledgable, friendly and attentive.  She also did a great job mixing our drinks.  I ordered a caipirinha.  There are many places that somehow manage to screw them up, but she nailed it.  We will have to return to eat at some point.
3	We usually eat here when we're in town.  Overall Mastro's is a very good restaurant but this time the service was lacking and the scallops were way under cooked.
5	It's tough to find a more elegant place with better food than this. From the incredible service and attention to detail to the wonderful selection of meats and seafood.We started with several appetizers, all that were amazing. The steak I ordered was prepared to perfection and the sides were impecable. The lamb dish was the best I have ever eaten and everything was perfect. It's hard to leave room for desert but you absolutely have to because the deserts are as incredible as the meals.
5	Mastro's is absolutely by far the best fine dining you will find in the US. I have been to all locations except for Chicago. (Yes, I will get there someday.) It is expensive but worth every penny. The crab cakes are crazy delicious. Lobster mashed potatoes. Yeah, you read that correctly. The filet melts in my mouth. The chocolate covered strawberries are amazing even when ordered in the dead of winter! I'm heading there in a few weeks for my 40th birthday followed by Thunder from Down Under. Ahhh, what a fabulous evening that shall be.
4	First off, the service was outstanding. As per my request, they were able to save us a table inside the tree house near the edge, so we had a nice view of the architecture around us. Our server Sam managed to be attentive and informative without being too intrusive and asking us how the food was every few seconds, which I thoroughly appreciated. Usually I don't talk about the bread basket, but this one was pretty good. The bread was warm and soft, but waay too much for two people. On to the main courses: the rack of lamb was tender, juicy, and perfectly medium rare..kind of wish there was a bit more seasoning though. The bone-in ribeye was just as tender and more to my liking, although the outside seemed pretty charred...After we were done with the mains, we barely had any room left for dessert, but I kept reading reviews for the warm butter cake, so we ordered it to share. The cake came with a HUGE helping of whipped cream on the side and a big scoop of ice cream on top...naturally, we couldn't finish it and asked to have it wrapped up. The cake was moist and the layer of crunch outside from the caramelized sugar was great, but overall, it was too sweet. =(  We definitely made a good choice coming here. The food and service was all really good. Will definitely try to come back again next time we're in town.
5	There's really nothing negative to say about this place. The petite filet was amazing, it was cooked to perfection. The sides were delicious. We had the cream of corn, sauteed spinach, mac & cheese and mushrooms. Service was great and the atmosphere was lovely. I'm just disappointed I wasn't able to try everything on the menu but the next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely return.
5	This place was amazing! Everything I tried was awesome, service was the best. Out of everything I tried the escargot impressed me the most. I would defiantly be coming back here!
5	Still one of our favorite places to eat...not as good as the Newport Beach location but better than most everything in Vegas! Love the attitudes of the staff and food is always excellent!
4	Food is awesome but very pricey. This time I had the ribeye, so good and we all shared sides but what one this that was memorable is the Butter Cake, I'm not much into sweets but this is orgasmic...lol, if you have room, it's a must have. The comb of the salty, sweet, cold and hot...
5	service was great, food was excellent and plentiful. Bring your appetite. mushrooms and of course their signature lobster mash was amazing
5	Delicious food and great looking restaurant. Servers were extremely attentive and friendly. Overall, great restaurant. Would definitely go again for a special occasion.
5	I had by far the best dining experience of my life here! Truffle gnocchi and the wagyu steak are the way to go! Also the dessert martinis are killer! Beautiful restaurant and exceptional service. I will go back!
5	In a place where restaurant service is generally lacking (Las Vegas), Mastro's hits the ball out of the park!  This is top notch service (white & black napkin service, hot hand towel service between courses, sides served onto your dish at the table, crumbing, etc.).  Notables not to miss: the crab cocktail - TRUST ME.  OMG...already shelled WHOLE pieces of crab - and so many!!!  The cocktails are awesome - do not be scared by the $15-20 prices each, you get about 2.5 martini glasses full, since they leave the cocktail shaker with (a lot) more in there.  We also had the escargot, which was a little (too) salty, even for this dish but still good and they made for a unique appetizer.  We had 3 different types of oysters, which were also good, but that is not really a refection on this restaurant since a raw oyster is a raw oyster...but they were very cold and served on a platter with dry ice, and accompanied by three different sauces, which was neat.  We shared the bone-in prime ribeye as an entree.  It was good, but Flemings is better, in our opinion.  Maybe we got a weird cut?  The dessert they brought out (complimentary) for my husband's birthday was the butter cake with ice cream.  It was excellent - my husband took that home and ate it in bed, like a heathen!  He even woke up and had some more the next day!!!  For a side, we had the lobster mashed potatoes... they were good and we are both glad we got them, but they were not worth $36, nor was there 1.5 pounds of lobster, as advertised.  That was a bit of a bummer, but we are still glad we got them once - still a tasty treat!  Nothing was bad or even just OK - it was all good and points were extremely excellent - The real stand outs were the crab cocktail, the service, and the alcoholic cocktails - these were far and above other nice restaurants!  We are so thrilled to have found this place (via a birthday gift for my husband from a friend) and are very much looking forward to coming back and trying some of the other yummy options on the menu!Tips: ask to sit in the bird's nest.  You can share a steak and a few appetizers and have PLENTY.  we took our whole dessert and some of our steak home and we are both big eaters.  ORDER THE CRAB COCKTAIL!
4	Comfy bar tables, and almost every entree was excellent...The Filet was perfect, one of the best pieces of meat I have ever had, 5*+ but the NY Strip was average at best. All the sides were excellent and service was great too. Overall a great experience and I will be back for sure.
5	Went here on a recommendation from a friend who is a regular.... went with my sister for her birthday.  Now you know the place is great when its part of a basket / bird nest sculpture...On a serious note, the food was out of this world. I had the bone-in filet mignon, medium - one of the best filets I've EVER had...and I've had a lot of filets.  I can't remember all the sides I had, but they all were great as well. The sides are served "family style" so you can share with one or two people at a time.Service was at part overall. The hostesses were very accommodating with reservations (might be because it was a Monday). We did have to flag down our server once or twice...and usually I ding a restaurant for having to do that...but the food was so great this place gets a pass.Oh, and I think we were the youngest patrons the entire time. Could've been a fluke...again, was a Monday night.  Definitely would come again!
3	Great service. We were sat quickly with no reservation. Got seated with water service and bread expeditiously. And our server even ran to the bartender to cancel our drink order after he realized we were going to dine with a Morton's Giftcard, which obviously, Mastro's does not accept. Oooops. Our bad. Our cool server didn't make us feel any more stupid than we already did for being in the wrong restaurant. He even walked us half way towards the right one. If he's an example of the service at Mastro's, we may just come back.
5	5/5 starsService: 5/5 starsSides: 4.5/5 starsDessert 4/5 starsI will do an update after our event in January. Wow! Carly and Brandon were super accommodating and friendly! 5 stars just for their service. I flew into Vegas for a day to do some menu tastings for an event in January, and they were super nice.Sides:Creamed of corn: 5/5: Dangerously creamy and delicious!Mac and Cheese: 4/5: Not a fan of mac and cheese personally, but this was deliciousSnap sugar peas: 5/5 So fresh--crunchy!Brussels Sprouts: 5/5: Ah, made to perfection--Brussels sprouts is starting to become one of my favorite veggies if done correctly. DessertsButter Cake: 4/5: It was good, but not GREAT. I guess I am more of a chocolate decadent dessert person.Yes, this was food ALL FOR ONE PERSON! Thank you for a great time! Can't wait to dine here in January! Right after this menu tasting, I headed straight to dinner #2!
4	We wanted to try a fancy steakhouse on our trip to vegas and Mastro's did not disappoint.  the rodeo was in town that weekend and we saw lots of happy looking cowboy types (i assume they know good beef). i had the smallest filet and it was perfectly cooked! the meat was delicious. the rub on the outside i felt was the tiniest bit too salty but i can live with that. the mac n cheese was so rich. i got the half sized portion but ended up taking half of it home. it was still delicious days later.we also had a healthy side of broccoli was steamed nicely. can't complain about that. the one thing that did sort of bother me was that the cokes were served in tiny 8 oz bottles. at 4 bucks a pop the refills can add up. if i had known this i would have gotten an iced tea instead. so i'll dock a star for that.this place is pricey and i'd return but only if i was ok with spending special occasion amounts of money.
4	We dined at Mastro's at the suggestion of my client.  It's an interesting location in the Crystal shopping center right off the strip.  The food was very good as was the service.  But it's spendy!  $18 glass of Glenlivet 12, $14 for Soli and Tonic.  And a word of advise, don't open the wine menu if you are faint of heart.  With that said, if you just crushed it at the tables and you got some money to spend - have fun!
5	I came here for Thanksgiving day dinner and I was really surprised.  I've always been a fan of Mastro's, especially the Beverly Hills location but I hadn't been to their Ocean Club before.  I decided to go with seafood since that seemed to be their specialty and I was really impressed.  The blue point oysters were extremely fresh and for the main course I ordered the scallops which were huge and cooked to perfection. For dessert I ordered Mastro's signature butter cake which is always good.Our waiter was very entertaining and the service was beyond exceptional.  The washroom attendant was very cheerful despite having to be in there on Thanksgiving day. Thanks for the wonderful meal I will be returning very soon!
5	Been here a few times now and I swear it gets better and better! Ribeye with a side of Lobster? There are no words!! Enjoy...
5	I've never ever thought in my life that I would find a perfect restaurant, but I guess I was proved wrong when I dined at Mastro's. The service was absolutely amazing; the waiters practically catered to our every whim and made sure that our time at Mastro's was warm and inviting. The appetizers were delicious. The escargot was average but the steamed mussels were very good. I ordered the petite fillet cooked to medium. My parents ordered their special of the night: the Australian wagyu. Let me just say the steaks were absolutely amazing. Definitely 5 star status; both of the steaks were flavorful and tender. The juices from the meat blended incredibly well with the spices. These were probably some of the best steaks I've eaten and I've eaten at a ton of places. The lobster mashed potatoes and the Alaskan king crab black truffle gnocchi was just so delicious and filled with epic flavors, I give my kindest remarks to the chef. The meal was too amazing. We were too stuffed for any dessert but the next time, I'll be sure to try something off of their dessert menu. This restaurant was way above expectation: service was extraordinary, food was delicious, amazing presentation and ambiance. Absolutely perfect! I love Mastro's and will be sure to visit again.
5	You can never go wrong with Mastro's. It is the perfect place for a special occasion. We went to this location to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. The bread basket is filled with goodness. The ahi tuna tar tar was excellent. We both ordered the steak and it was delicious! Mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus were Good too. After dinner, they even included a slice of chocolate cake on the house for my boyfriend. Amazing! I highly recommend this place.
5	Amazing restaurant! We had oysters Rockefeller and bone marrow for appetizer. Both were superb! Ribeye and rack of lamb for main course were absolutely delicious. The atmosphere was very inviting. The only draw back was the location in the mall. Will come back here every time  were in Vegas.
5	Great staff and great location!
5	There are three steakhouses in the country that are in a class by themselves.  The III Forks chain, Jean George (Aria/Vegas), and the Mastro's chain. The warm pretzel rolls, gigantic but perfectly ripe salads, perfect meat, and amazing desserts make this an absolute can't lose.
5	This place was AMAZING! Came here with my fiance for our Thanksgiving dinner. We had the sea bass HIGHLY recommend and the ahi crusted tuna. Loved the location and the table we sat at which was in the wooden structure. Service and staff were friendly and great!
5	Great service , tasty food and perfect location . ALTHOGUH it's expensive but believe it worth it . Ihave tried flowery flavor fish as a main dish and it's just great .. also the appetizers are yummy I have got crab mix and tomato cheese salad .. if u r a big fan of pinacolada u haven't drink a heavenly one if u r not in thia place.
5	Wow!  Beautiful setting, great service, and the food was excellent.  Absolutely one of THE BEST meals to be had on the Vegas strip.  We recommend:  the lobster mashed potatoes, gorgonzola mac-n-cheese, pacific swordfish, and the lamb.  The filet was amazing, also.
4	We went to Mastro's on a Sunday early evening for dinner.  There were maybe three to four other tables occupied but other than that there was plenty of good seating available.  Speaking of seating, I found the set up a little off-putting...we were seated at a two person table that butted directly against the back of a circular seating arrangement, which just so happened to contain 3-4 lovely active young children on this day.  Somehow your ability to enjoy a nice meal is a bit inhibited with a 5 year old staring at you from 1.5 feet away.  Perhaps it was our fault for not requesting one of the 50 odd other empty tables.As other yelpsters have stated it is also a bit weird to be enjoying a $$$$ meal with Miley Cyrus cranking in the background due to the open seating overlooking/hearing the mall like Crystal Shops.  Enough nit picking though, on to the food!Our server was very attentive and started us out promptly with ice water and tea.  Micro demerit for including a lemon in my iced tea after asking to hold the lemon, but no big deal.  Huge stars go out to the staff for keeping the beverages brimming full, a frequent problem for such an iced tea addict as myself.  The bread service came with enough to feed a small army.  Mini-loaves of sourdough, pretzel, bruschetta, and French.  We ordered the Calamari ($15).  There was plenty for the two of us, lightly breaded and including a lemon side and a dipping sauce very similar to the Outback sauce you get with bloomin onions.  Taking the "go big or go home" philosophy I decided to order the twin lobster tails ($69) AND 22 oz Ribeye ($55) for my entree.  My girlfriend ordered the sea bass ($50) and we split a side of lobster mashed potatoes ($38).  The steak was wonderfully charred, cooked medium.   The server was nice enough to "de-shell" the lobster tails.  The lobster was perfectly cooked and delicious with melted butter.  The sea bass was also excellent.  I let my date enjoy the majority of the potatoes as they were a bit soupy due to the sauce but the small portion I had did taste good.  We got the butter cake to go, not sure on the price, it came complete with detailed instructions on how to best prepare it from our server.  Final bill with tip $325.
5	Seafood tower! That is all
5	Absolutely awesome food. From the attentive service, tasty drinks, fresh seafood to the butter cake for dessert, everything was really good.  Swordfish perfectly done. Salmon was delicious also. Will definitely go back. Worth the cost.
1	***UPDATE***After posting the following review, I was contacted via Yelp by a person calling herself "Kate G.". Kate stated, "I would like to get your phone number so that our corporate side can look into this and discuss." I asked Kate G. who she was & she stated she was Landry's Social Media Coordinator. Why didn't you tell me that in your first e-mail? Ummm, I don't hand out my phone number to random internet contacts!Why on earth would I give my phone number to Kate? Does she think I want to be bothered my her or Corporate? I can't be bought off with a gift certificate from Landry's. I will never eat there again. I filed a complaint with the Southern Nevada Health District!!! So, listen up Kate G., you can NOT have any of my personal information. May I suggest you introduce yourself before asking for someone's phone number. BTW, I still have nightmares over what happened to me! I got so ill after eating here I thought I would die. Never again! I had a steak, loaded potato, green beans & one glass of wine. I'll have PTSD whenever I think of that night.
5	Always a good experience at this place.I hope my hubby surprises me this year again and we end up at Mastro's having strawberries and that home made cream
5	I didn't believe it when I heard the Ribeye was hard to finish.From my experience, fine dining is hard to get full. This was not the case here. I was warned about the size of the steak and from the menu it was 22oz! That's ridiculous! Even if the bone was about 5oz, that's still a whopping 17oz!All the servers here are exceptionally knowledgeable and professional. I felt like I was not treated as a kid eating at the adults' table. We all shared a portion of the lobster mashed potatoes and by far they are the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. I would highly recommend trying this dish.For my main entree, I ordered the 22oz Ribeye cooked medium rare. Although next time I would probably get rare+, I thought the medium rare was still delicious. The steak was massive and amazingly flavored. By the end of the meal I felt overwhelmed and defeated. I have never been conquered by how much steak there was until Mastro's.My brain kept telling me to eat more but my stomach fought against this decision.Overall, Mastro's was a great experience. The steak here, so far, is only second to the Kobe beef I had in Japan. I would definitely come back for seconds.
5	I've only been to one steakhouse before this and I wasn't too impressed, but I decided to give this place a shot since our friends were really excited for some fine dining in Vegas. Our group of eight was seated at a round table underneath the massive open-air structure. The lobster mashed potatoes were so buttery and delicious. This was a table favorite and it was devoured in minutes. I honestly think the garlic mashed potatoes would have probably tasted just as good and would have been much cheaper. The 22oz bone-in ribeye was enormous. My friends and I were joking how maybe half the steak would just be bone, but it turns out we were sorely wrong .The bone was maybe 4-5 ounces and the rest of it was delicious, flavorful meat. I opted for medium rare, my friend opted for rare, and I think most of the table preferred the medium rare since it had more flavor although the rare meat was more tender. It really depends on your steak preferences.The dessert was butter cake. The first couple bites I thought were way to sweet, but that's why it came with a side of heavy whip cream. Top the dessert with the whip cream and it really tones down the sweetness.The things that stood out the most was the ambiance and quality of food.
5	From start to finish, our experience with Mastro's was wonderful. Ruben and I brought his cousin, Daisy here during one of her Vegas trips. Since there was a little bit of a wait for a table, we decided to hang out at the bar. The whole space feels large with the open-air setting in The Crystals. The beautiful decor and low lighting creates an elegant atmosphere. The bar was pleasant and we enjoyed our beverages, including a couple crafted cocktails. We didn't even have the opportunity to finish our drinks by the time our table was ready! We were seated near the edge of the restaurant (near the "Treehouse"), so we had a view of the shops and open area with half our seating as a booth and the other half, chairs. It was really nice and very comfortable.We started with Fried Calamari, served with fresh lemon (in a mesh, love it) and aioli. The breading appeared thicker than I normally like, but the squid was fresh and it was tasty. Ruben and I shared the Filet Mignon, medium rare, and Mastro's Crusted Salmon. The three of us shared the side dishes: Creamed Corn, Potatoes Au Gratin, Gorgonzola Macaroni & Cheese, and Steamed Broccoli. The steak was prepared perfectly and scrumptiously tender, the salmon was so flavorful, and the sides were all delicious.Everything about our meal was enjoyable. The prices are similar to those of high end steakhouses, but the portions were generous. We were able to take home a lot of food! To round everything out, the service was impeccable. It is one of our favorite steakhouses and favorite recommendations.
4	Meat!  What else is there?Oh, and the mushrooms weren't too shabby.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in las vegas..the staff is perfect and managers are the best
5	We came here after leaving another restaurant before eating due to poor service and we are SO happy that we made the switch!My husband and I came on a busy Thanksgiving evening and they squeezed  us in with no problem. From the get go, the service was amazing! Amazing food. It's expensive but worth every dime. Highly recommend.
5	I made reservations for dinner on a Thursday evening and my hotel was nearby so I was able to walk here. I heart the decor of the tree house dinning which we were seated at. See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-las-vegas?select=VeYIzprrIievG0x5eYXb7Q#VeYIzprrIievG0x5eYXb7Q This Mastro's has three levels dinning areas and tree house is on the second floor with views of the Crystal mall.  Ordered a a bottle of Napa Cabernet Sauvignon after the yummy bread basket arrived. Followed with the iceberg wedge salad which contained smoked maple bacon and chunks of blue cheese - refreshing and so yummy. For the main entree I opted for the 22 oz bone in rib eye - cooked medium rare and a side of the Alaskan King crab black truffle gnocchi. As with every Mastro's I've dined at, the food and service were impeccable. If you're a fish eater check out the Chilean sea bass here, it was incredibly fresh and delicious. We ended the meal with the chocolate sin cake which was moist and a perfect ending to conclude the meal. Even though Mastro's was bought out last year, the quality and service in my opinion are at the top tier of the industry. BTW, have a beverage in the bar before or after dinner for some interesting people watching.Thank you to the entire staff at the Las Vegas Mastro's for an awesome dinning experience!
4	Well, since we were in LV we visited our usual place for a Sat night dinner. Glad we did as it is always top notch.The Con's:* The bathrooms are up stairs. A real bummer when your all cocktailed up and have to navigate carpeted stairs. There is an elevator, but you kind of feel odd waiting for an elevator to go up one floor.The Pro's:* Staff is always top notch, from the hostess, to the bus guys, all are great and seem to have been trained very well. Anyone can help you with anything. Never do you hear "I will tell your waiter". They just get things done and do it well.* Food I always top notch. Never had a better steak on the strip. * Great vibe and crowd. Upscale and nice looking crowd. No torn jeans and camo here. It's nice seeing folks get cleaned up and dressed for dinner.I will keep this review short as I have already reviewed them several times and don't want to repeat comments. If you have not tried this place, you should. Top notch for sure.
5	Oh my goodness!!! I'm so full I may need to be rolled back to my hotel... We were told to share food so we did, thank God. We started with a bottle of Chateu St Michell Chardonnay. We had a wedge salad and I'm pretty sure I've never tasted tomatoes like that before, they were so flavorful. Then split a New York Strip steak, delish, cooked perfectly, I could only eat 1/4. Paired it with a twice baked potato that could have been a meal of it's own. To finish it off we had their famous warm butter cake, holy cow! It's like nothing you have ever tasted before, it's a must!!!
5	Awesome steak, awesome service!!!
5	Top 5 in the city.. This place has it covered from great selections on the menu to great food to great service. The staff is on point. Definitely get the seafood tower and the king crab gnocchi.
5	Was brought here on my birthday and I was blown away. From decor, to food, to service... Everything was top notch. I had the blackened salmon, which was perfect. All my guests also enjoyed their meals, and we had a great time. Will definately be back.
5	Everything about this place is amazing.. The food was on point and we couldn't have asked for better service. Try your absolute hardest to save room for the butter cake I could only fit one bite but it was so worth it. Try this place, you won't be disappointed.
4	this was my first time trying mastro's and I'm glad it was in vegas.  and let me tell you, everything here was expensive.  I probably won't be coming back but I'm glad I finally got to try it.lobster mashed potatoes - it was actually pretty good!  the lobster taste and the mashed potatoes really mixed in well together.  I've heard that this dish wasn't as good in the costa mesa onebone-in-filet - very tender and very good!bone-in-kc strip - i loved iti loved everything that was bone in.  I didn't get to try the bone-in-ribeye because it was too bigwe also got a side of asparagus which is like $10 (not worth it).  although it was good, it tasted like I can cook this at home for so much cheaper, and it would taste the same.  nothing special at all
5	Excellent food, great atmosphere, great wine list... What can I say, I love this place.
5	Fantastic seafood restaurant expensive but worth it !i will be back .
5	I fell in love with Mastro's in B.H. about six years ago. So, naturally when asked to make dinner reservations for an important business dinner, I didn't hesitate. Everything was wonderful. The ambiance was beautifully unique. The food was as amazing, as i'd always known it to be. We had a nice mix of Filet,  Seafood tower, Rib eye, and a delicious butter cake for dessert. They also have one of my favorite pinot noirs on their menu. Summerland. And it's not too pricey! Love, Love, Love MASTRO'S. And, when it comes to customer service both this one and Bev Hills location have that down pat.
5	My husband and I had a wonderful time at Mastro's. The food was excellent, nice ambiance, drinks were great, and the warm butter cake is ridiculous. We came back the next day to have the warm butter cake one more time before our flight home. The medium well petite filet was moist because our waiter offered to butterfly it, the bake potato was delicious, as well as the asparagus. The Blufeld Riesling was so smooth. It was a nice compliment to our meal. I saw people complaining about this Mastro's being in a mall. It is located in a mall but it is a high end shopping mall connected to Aria where other nice restaurants are located. I found the shape of the restaurant to be cool and it has a nice ambiance.
5	The meal may have taken 3+ hours (we had a large group and were in no rush, but still) but man, was it fantastic.The group started with the smoked salmon, fried calamari, and some shrimp dish (i'm allergic so I don't remember what it was exactly). The smoked salmon was delicious. Not anything special necessarily, but it sure was delicious. The fried calamari was cooked perfectly and came with such a delicious sauce, a superb aioli as opposed to the more traditional tomato sauce.One thing the group really appreciated was that Mastro's agreed to specially make a burger for one individual who didn't want to eat steak. Of course, the individual got sick, but we were so appreciative of their willingness to accommodate us that we asked to have the burger brought out and we all shared it - cut it up into sliders. They were melt-in-your-mouth incredible. For a classy steakhouse, Mastro's sure makes an incredible burger.I had the Chilean Sea Bass for my entree, most everyone else had steaks. Boy am I glad I went with the Sea Bass though, I was already feeling a bit full from the appetizers and then the sides on top sure was a lot of food. The fish was cooked perfectly, seasoned excellently. Flaky and fairly light actually, it was a good sized helping as well. Would definitely get again.For sides the table all raved about the Lobster Mashed Potatoes, but I'm allergic, so I couldn't eat it. Which was fine by me because the Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese was heavenly. And the portion of the side was enormous. Honestly, I could've had the mac and cheese side as my entire meal and gone home happy.Food was great, service was as good as expected, just a wonderful meal overall. Would go back again in a heart beat.
5	Every time i hear Mastros i always crave for everything in this restaurant. Servers are amazing! Some of the hostess' are amazingly nice some of them are okay.. everything is good in this restaurant.. i always order Bone in rib eye (YUM!), Lobster mashed potatoes and Lobster bisque. just an FYI, if you're gonna have a huge party with you the side dishes is good for 4 people! which is really great :)
5	I'm no stranger to Mastro's.  I have spent many a special occasion at the one in Costa Mesa.  This is now my local Mastro's for the time being, so my boyfriend and I decided to have a nice Valentine's Day dinner at Crystals.All-in-all, as with the other Mastro's, the food and service are top-notch.  Our waiter was attentive, friendly, and patient; other waiters provided the same level of attention to us even though they weren't assigned to our table.  Like always, we shared a 22oz ribeye, and a side order of Alaskan king crab gnocchi with black truffle.  We grabbed a second order to-go because we love that dish that much.  For Valentine's Day, we also got a complimentary order of Mastro's signature warm butter cake, which is incredibly sweet and rich.  Love it.My only complaint is the atmosphere of this location.  The main dining room is located in an open-air treehouse structure inside the Crystals mall.  Although for Valentine's Day we were seated in one of the private dining rooms upstairs, I would imagine the atmosphere between the two is similar.  I dig the dimly lit, quiet, romantic ambience of the Costa Mesa steakhouse.  Since this location is in a mall and (mostly) open-air, you get ... a mall atmosphere.  Which is okay, but not optimal.  There also seemed to be a lot of very loud, drunk people at the restaurant, but I figure they're everywhere on the strip on a Friday night.
5	If you want classy, high end, and delicious food.. go to Mastro's! My husband and I LOVE Mastro's. The crab cakes (appetizer) and butter cakes (dessert) are to die for! The atmosphere is very inviting and romantic, and the servings are VERY generous. I was full after eating just bread, my appetizer, and side salad! Lol Our most recent visit was on Valentine's day evening. We were seated in the private dining area upstairs and were very pleased with the service. Our waiter was extremely friendly and informative if we had any questions regarding anything on the menu. The hostesses were VERY welcoming and easy to talk to over the phone when making reservations. Our most recent visit was fantastic! They even gave us a butter cake "on the house" as a thank you for visiting them on Valentine's Day (Score!). We had a wonderful experience and overall, the food, atmosphere, service, experience, etc, was all top notch! Highly recommended. The ONLY thing I had a problem with, was halfway through our meal, we noticed there were so many servers and waiters, some of them stood around and walked around aimlessly (WITHIN the private dining area, instead of out in the hall) because, well... I don't know.. maybe they just couldn't find anything to do because there were so many of them? It made me a bit uncomfortable as I felt I was being watched or stared at. I'm sure this was due to the fact that Valentine's day was a busy one for them, so I'm sure it's not normal. But, still..
5	Absolutely amazing! Excellent service from the time I called to make a reservation (because open table didn't show availability for the time I wanted) to the hostess to the wait staff. We ordered the filet and it was cooked to perfection! The garlic mashed potatoes and spinach were generous and the butter cake lived up to expectations. We will definitely be back
4	We've been to the maestros in Newport beach and Beverly hills a few times each. They are both better than the one next to aria that we ate at tonight. The bread was delicious, the crab appetizer was also fantastic. We got the escargot and it was actually terrible. It wasn't hot and the snails didn't taste good at all. I was very disappointed, because usually its one of my favorite things to order at other fine dining restaurants. My husband ordered lamb chops and they were very good. I got the prawn special. Each prawn was 8oz. Don't order this dish. Prawns aren't suppose to be that big. They tasted like bottom feeders. Our friends got the filet and the tuna, both were very good. Service was good.  Dessert was good. They brought us the butter cake for our anniversary. It was delicious. Overall it was good and management was great!!!!
2	Nice ambiance but the rib eye was overly seasoned. The brussel sprouts where not oven roasted but burnt. The lobster bisque was excellent but the mac n cheese was dry and not saucy. The only good thing was the two bottles of wine we drank.
5	I have eaten at this location more times than I can remember.  I adore the gorgeous setting in Crystals, part of City Center in Vegas and  I love sitting at the opulent marble bar and enjoying a glass of wine.  The bartenders on this particular night were a little busy so we were not getting the service we usually would expect, but it was still good.  We ordered oysters for the appetizer.  As always, fresh and delicious!  The seafood here is consistently fresh and perfectly prepared. I have never had the steak, but people rave about that as well.  Mastros, you never let me down.  Next time I am home, I shall visit you.
4	As soon as I walked in the adorable blonde at the front desk was so sweet and welcoming. I sat at the bar to wait for the rest of my girls to arrive. While there my bartender ( Randy I believe his name was) was so nice and made my time sitting alone and waiting much more enjoyable. Our server Trista was awesome. She talked to us like friend not some table she was waiting on. She was very knowledgable and playful. Just a complete delight. The food is a little pricy but for the amount of food,great service and beautiful atmosphere you get it was worth it. I'm obsessed with the cran gnocchi ! It was one of our girls birthdays and she sent out the butter cake. Very sweet of her and yummmmmmm!
4	The place is really cool.  Although it opens up to an enclosed high end retail, they do an excellent job of making the place very interesting. We did that surf and turf for 2 and it was delicious!
4	Service: 5/5 (From beginning of planning the event to attending the event)Food: 4/5Ambiance: 3.5/5 Private rooms can use some more decor/personal touches; IMHO, it was pretty plainWe had a party of 32 ppl, and we opted for the private room upstairs.I worked with Carly and Brandon to set up this event. Everything went as planned--overall flawless experience. Ordered:Starter--Family Style:1) Lobster Roll--4/5: My favorite2) Seared Ahi Tuna: 3.5/53) Mini Crab Cake-3/5Entree:22oz Bone in Ribeye--Delicious! 4/5Chilean Sea Bass: 4/512oz Bone in Filet: 3/5Dessert: YUM!Creme Brulee: 4/5Butter Cake: 4/5Cheesecake: 3/5
5	One of the best seafood restaurants we've been to. Definitely a must go if you are in a city the serve. King Crab legs a must get. Dungeness crab cocktail that was all large chunks, nothing shredded. Lobster bisque was outstanding with actual pieces of lobster in it.
5	Excellent place to entertain clients.  This was not my first time at Mastro's and they never disappoint.  The Wagu beef was the best I've ever had.  EVERYTHING wasa absolutely delicious, and the staff is as professional as they come.  Unfortunately for me, after this visit, I fell ill.  I have no reason to believe it was because of Mastro's, but when they called to follow up on my dining experience, I told them, in the event others had also had issues.  They assured me they had not been aware of issues, but would talk to their chef, just in case.  They followed up with two more phone calls that rang true of genuine concern.  I live in the Chicagoland area and had no idea they had a restaurant in Chicago as well - if not for their phone calls, I may not know for a long time.  Class act, all the way around.
5	The Red Dragonfire drink is oh sooooo delicious.  A smooth martini with a hint of spice. Also try the butter cake. This cake literally melts in your mouth.
5	If I could give this place a million stars, I would. This is by far my favorite restaurant of all time. You must try the Gorgonzola Mac n cheese, creamed corn and of course, the Butter Cake. I would eat here every day if I could!! It always our go to spot for holidays, birthdays and anniversaries! YUMMY! A must try!!
4	I really like Mastro's.  The service is excellent! They are attentive without being snobby and cold.  And you don't get pressured to order more food and bottle of wine.  (I personally think that Cut has the cold, snobby vibe that I'm referring to)Highly recommend the whole dining experience, but I also love going to grab a glass of wine at the bar.  The bar has an open feeling that is very comfortable, but with an intimate vibe.Food is good.  Nicely prepared and cooked to perfection.  Nothing crazy on the menu or super unique so its an easy crowd pleaser.  Price is on target as well for their quality of food. They don't push you to buy bottles of wine or spend a ton of money.  The servers are just there to give you what you ask for.  I never felt pressured to get more food and spend a ton. By the way, if you're local they have a free dessert!  They're so generous with the portion size and its so delicious.  This definitely helps when I'm deciding where to go.We love our restaurants that support their locals!
5	I spend the majority of the month in Vegas. There are some good spots to dine at, but none compare to Mastro's. It's beautiful decor, great staff, timeless menu, and perfect good keep me coming back. The sea food tower not only has a wonderful presentation, but it is some of the freshest seafood I have found in the west. The steaks are superb and will not disappoint. The bar is beautiful and the drinks are outstanding. I would definitely start with a fresh sea food tower and end with the butter cake.
3	Check your steak. They taste great but always takes 2 shots to get it right. Always overcooked or raw. Awesome when they finally get it right.
4	The food is spectacular and the butter cake is perhaps the greatest dessert I will ever have. The price is consistent with the food quality. I had the Chilean sea bass and mac and cheese w lobster cocktail as a n appetizer and the presentation alone was worth the price. Also their drinks are spectacular feel free to try all the concoctions as they are all spectacular. However the service does falter a bit. They waiters and waitresses come off as a bit snobby and at times seem to be bothered by talking to the guests. Again its not that the service is bad its just that for a restaurant of their caliber there is better. Also because of the design of the restaurant it does get a bit loud.
4	Great steaks cooked perfectly to temp and the seasoning was spot on.Bone In Rib Eye - see aboveKing Crab leg - fresh , can't really screw this up if it's freshOysters - same review as the crab legsGnochi with King Crab & Truffle - delicious side dishGreat wine selection and atmosphere.  I would give a more in depth review but a little too hungover, my palate was not firing on all cylinders.  But I do remember it tasted really good.
2	I've been to Mastro's in Chicago and I had a wonderful dining experience and that is what made me look forward to the dinner in Vegas.Let me start off by saying that the food was excellent. We all went there hungry and were stuffed when we left. We were, however, extremely disappointed by the service we received. It took away from the whole experience. It was about 15 minutes after we were seated to get a waiter to us for a drink order. The restaurant was not even that busy, which made it more frustrating. It took another 20 minutes or so after we got our drinks to put in our food orders, even though we told our server we were ready to order when he brought our drinks.  A number of the party has been in the service industry and that may have made us extra critical of the evening. Our actual meals came out quicker than it took to get them to our waiter. Then when we were super full and ready for our check, we had to flag down someone who was not even our server to get it because our server had been out of sight since he brought our food. For what I paid for my meal, I was extremely disappointed by the service. I will say that my steak was cooked to perfection and our sides were exquisite. It's a shame that that was overshadowed by the service we received.
5	I think this is the best restaurant on the strip.  Fish is awesome and the steaks are just as good.  Service is outstanding also.  It costs a mint, but it may actually be worth the money.  I would not recomend the seafood tower unless that is your entree.  It is big and the portions on the regular entrees are generous.
5	Food was delicious. I ordered a kansas city steak (bone in) rib eye. Ordered lobster mac &cheese, scallop mash potatoes, creamed spinach for sides.  For a group of 6, one side dish only feeds a lot of people.The service is superb, server always checked on us, got dessert complimentary since it was all of our first time there. We got lucky that night.I would definitely return. I've visited the Mastros in Beverly hills, California location and it is also good food, service in vegas was even better though.
5	I've been to this place maybe about 3 times, and one of its sister locations in Costa Mesa about 3 times as well. Both restaurants exude that high end feeling and you will leave feeling... well feeling awesome that you spent 50 bucks on a slab of meat. But that's not all.If you make an Open Table reservation they will always call you the day of to confirm and remind you that you are going to attend. One of the times I've been to this Mastro's Ocean Club and they were fully committed, and suggested to look for a seat at the bar area, and then one of the waitress or hostesses asked if I would mind eating on the piano (they had live music that time) which I found it hilarious, a $1k+ grand piano with me eating on it. Regardless I told her I would wait for a party at the bar to be seated but that was another time. You're going to pay at least $70+ per person but the food along with the service makes it all worth it. Every time I go to Mastro's, the waiters/waitresses are always so nice, helpful, professional, and willing to answer any and all questions you may have about the menu. If you haven't been there before they will let you know the vastness of the menu and how they operate as a steakhouse/ocean club.My reccemondations as far as Mastro's Ocean Club in Las Vegas?Bone-in FilletBone-in Ribeye (although the Filet wins my money by a mile)Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle GnocchiLobster Mashed PotatoesGarlic Mashed PotatoesOcean Club SaladAnd their Raw Oysters - wherever it is from because it is super freshIf you go in on a special occasion like a birthday or a graduation, most of the time they'll give you a slice of chocolate cake as dessert and the most kick ass whipped cream you would have ever had the chance to have. Yes it is just that good.Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I do. After writing this review, I'm just vying to go back.
4	I went to Mastro's for a business dinner for the first time earlier this month, and definitely plan on going back again if the opportunity arises.The staff, from the hostess to our waiter, were very friendly, and our waiter was very knowledgable on the menu, chef preparation recommendations and specials. He also didn't hover too much, which is appreciated. Our table started with calamari and an order of one of the day's selected oysters. The calamari was incredibly tender, the oysters were excellent too - the delicate cucumber flavor was exactly as described by our waiter.For our main course, I had the arctic char oreganata (prepared with seasoned breadcrumbs) and my companions had the special wagyu and Chilean sea bass. For sides, we split the gorgonzola mac & cheese, sauteed asparagus and creamed corn. I'm deducted one star for the slightly underseasoned sides and for the ridiculously large portion sizes. My arctic char, while delicious, was enough for three meals (no, seriously, it was a pound of fish), and the sides were also much larger than you would expect at a restaurant in this price range, which can significantly limit the variety of sides you can try if you're dining in a party of 5 or less.
2	For starters I really wanted to give this place a great review because the food was good, but after receiving my bill I just can't do it.Our total bill came up to $243.23. That's not my complaint. My complaint is that we left a cash tip and when we saw the charge on the card, it was for $291.88. I'm glad I kept my receipt.This prompted a call from me to the restaurant today to find out why there was an additional $47.00 charged to my card without disclosing it to me. The manager told me that the company they use AUTOMATICALLY adds a 20% gratuity to the bill. This was not disclosed to us by the waitress. It was not disclosed on our receipt. In fact, when I called, he said they receive that complaint at least 5 times a day, as if that's the normal order of business. FIX IT if people are complaining. You have no right to charge them an additional 20% without disclosing this BEFORE  they eat.Tips are VOLUNTARY, not mandatory unless disclosed. I leave my tips in cash and I always cross out the tip line on the receipt.  The money isn't the issue,its the principle that they have no right to take my money without my permission. That is basically theft. So now, I have to wait 2-3 business days for the additional $47 to be refunded to my card, which means I won't see my money until Tuesday or Wednesday, since we ate there Friday night. Other than this absurd experience with my bill, here is a review on the food.1) The customer service is great except for not disclosing that I'll be charged an additional 20% even if you leave a cash tip.2) The  crab cakes were good, but both my wife and I had a small piece of shell. Nothing worth complaining about.3) My wife had the blackened ribeye. It was delicious.4) I had rack of lamb. it was delicious.5) Twice baked potato was good.6) Gorgonzola mac & cheese was good.7) Clam chowder was good.8) Calamari was just OK.9) The complimentary bread was mostly hard except for the pretzels. I don't mind a mix of breads, but when the majority are hard, its just not for us. Overall, the food was good, but we will not be going back until the change they policy of charging people an additional 20% without their knowledge.If you eat here PAY CASH.
5	Awesome Restaurant. Order the special dry ice Lemon Drop and Cosmopolitan Martini's. They are definitely not for the unobtrusive. The iceberg wedge salad, crab cake and Lobster Mashed Potatoes are great and my husband enjoyed his swordfish but the piece de resistance is the Butter Cake with fresh whipped cream. The service was impeccable and friendly. This was such a pleasant experience that we want to try the Mastro's in Beverly Hills, Chicago and AZ as well.
5	The food was absolutely amazing. Everything was seasoned just right, and it was served nice 'n hot on that 400-degree plate. If you like cocktails, I highly recommend the dream berry. And if you really want a party in your mouth, top your meal off with their delectable butter cake. You won't be disappointed.
5	Food was amazing! The portions are huge so my friends and I ordered some steaks, a few sides like the lobster mashed potatoes and mac and cheese and we shared them. We still had food left over. Can't wait to go back!
5	A perfect meal in Vegas! Although the wait was over an hour long, we immediately found a table in the bar which turned out to be more intimate than any of the tables in the dining room. Service was prompt; the waitress delightful and extremely knowledgeable. This was literally the best meal I have ever shared with my boyfriend of nearly a year. Each item was split and served on two plates in perfect presentation: the heirloom tomato salad, the blackened halibut. The brussel sprouts and lobster mash potatoes were of plenty proportions - and the mash had the most perfect creamy flavor with an abundance of lobster. The variety of breads were served warm with soften tabs of butter. Ever staff person was attentive. The drinks, a pomegranate martini and cucumber cooler, were a homerun. I've never tasted something better in my life. If I had the room, I know the butter cake would kick butt of any cake I ever ate (I'm going back today to make sure). And the coffee served at the end of the meal was the testament that the entire meal was EPIC. Thank you Mastro!
5	Best Mastros I have been to
2	I've been fascinated by this "tree house" for the longest. This was my first time visiting Mastro's and I had long heard of the famous warm butter cake, so I was excited to come for a pharm. rep dinner, get to learn and try a new place. We made our selections from a pre-set menu.My first course I went with the Caeser Salad, this was pretty standard except for the bits of anchovie throughout, which is my favorite kind of Caeser. For my entree I chose the 8oz filet. I asked for it to be prepared medium. What came out was between rare and tartare. Since we were in a small private dining room for the lecture, I didn't feel comfortable sending my steak back, it would be disruptive, and I didn't want to interupt the lecturer. I ended up giving it to my friend to take home to her dogs.The family style shared sides weren't impressive either. Mashed potatoes had no flavor, and the sugar snap peas as well. Only one I liked was the creamed spinach. Dessert we had a choice between chocolate sin cake and cheesecake. I went with the chocolate cake, it came with a side of homemade whipped cream which I thought was better than the cake itself. Pretty disappointing meal all together. I would come back for a second try, just not in a hurry to do so. I definitely enjoyed the lecture more than dinner.
5	! I've been here a number of times, and to the sister restaurants in Phoenix and have yet to be disappointed. Go ahead and order yourself the Butter Cake... Also give the Hennessey Sidecar and the Roasted Brussels Sprouts a try!
4	I've been to this location before and as always, they are on point with their customer service. It's always great to see them work together as a unit and are attentive to the guests. The glasses are never empty, offering of seconds on drinks and breads are consistent. The waiters are very knowledgeable of their products. They know exactly how the meals are prepared and the taste of each item on their menu. They also offer great advices on how to maximize the flavor and food experience. The side dishes are large enough for a party of 4 and the main course itself are large enough to satisfy your hunger.I have to be honest, the last time I was here, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and I was underwhelmed by the preparation. With that said, I wanted to give another fish another try since they are after all, the "Ocean Club". I  ordered their feature of the day, the halibut which comes 3 ways: pan seared, cajun/creole rub, or breaded. With the suggestion from the waiter, I chose to go through the pan seared route. It was a good size fish, served with tartar sauce on the side. The fish was prepared nicely. It was flaky and juicy. However, again I was underwhelmed with the flavor. In my opinion, it was bland and flat. The tartar sauce didn't do anything as far as offering another dimension on flavor. My friend ordered the lamb chop and he was not impressed either. It was prepared well, pink in the middle and tender but he said he was expecting more flavors.The other friend ordered a tomahawk steak and it was big! He said it was good and flavorful. From the look of it, the meat was prepared well also. Perfectly pink in the middle throughout. He said it was good but had better. My bestie ordered a wedge salad (of all the great options...she gets a salad!). She said it wasn't impressive. Just another wedge. Although she did mentioned that she liked their blue cheese crumbles. The lobster bisque was very rich in flavor and had a lot of lobster chunks. I love a good lobster bisque...but the cream was a bit too rich. I wouldn't have been able to finish one by myself due to its richness, good thing it was split in half.  The lobster mashed potatoes were full of flavors and is extremely rich in butter and cream. It was served onto our plates by the host. The sugar snap peas were very tasty and had the perfect crunch and bite to it. The fries were just fries. We were all too full to order a big dessert, I really wanted to order their butter cake but couldn't bring myself to do it so we ordered the creme brulee. It was served with a big bowl of homemade whipped cream and was a good compliment to the dessert. The brulee was sweet and the cream was not which balanced out the flavors nicely.Overall, it is a great experience but I don't know if I can justify eating the fish here.
5	Five stars! Amazing food. The customer service is awesome. Our waiter was very helpful explaining the menu and helping us make our choices. Portions are large and perfect for sharing. You can also order half orders of pretty much everything.
3	Was there for a casual dinner, it was good but not great. The service at times was annoying, especially when they fill your water glass up every 10 seconds. The food was adequate but not spectacular. If you want a spectacular Mastros experience I would suggest going to the Mastro's in Beverly Hills, CA. It is above and beyond anything you'll experience in Las Vegas. I would go back to the Las Vegas location but only after some serious thought and consideration of some of the other steak houses in Vegas.
5	Best Steakhouse hands down! Lobster Bisque and the Lobster mashed potatoes are a few to name the best ever! Filets to die for! Always a treat! Love you Mastros!
5	This shall be short because Mastro's is just plain awesome.Lobster Tails = DelectableCreamed Spinach = DelishScalloped Potatoes = RICH! Very yummy cheeses in the dishAhi Tuna = Yum! Chocolate Cake = Da BombCorkage Fee - $35.Service = IMPECCABLEThis is our go-to place whenever we're in Vegas for an expensive dinner. The boyfriend goes here when he's in Scottsdale for business dinners. It's just fantastic.  A pretty penny, but amazing.
5	MY ALL TIME FAVORITE RESTAURANT ON THE STRIP!  I bring my parents every year for their birthday & I go on my birthday as well!  The food is PHENOMENAL  & the service is even better!  The dungeness Crab Cocktail is AMAZING!  Oh & their Chilean Sea Bass is literally the BEST I've EVER had....if you get it pan seared, it literally just MELTS in your mouth!  Oh & their warm butter cake....simply to DIE for!  I can never praise thi
5	There is nothing bad I can say about this place and my experience there. I could complain that it was too expensive, but I knew that going in. The steak was fantastic and the sides as well. The service was great. The waiter gave us great recommendations and shared a few jokes that I am sure he uses all the time. He also provide us with a good wine pairing. I was lucky enough to have someone else pay for the bill so all the better.One thing I would say is that if you want a romantic dinner, this may not be the spot. The restaurant is in the Crystal Mall in City Center, and this place is pretty dead. I guess it will depend on the vibe you are after. I went for a buddy's impromptu wedding, so it was just 4 of us. Definitely one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.
5	This place time and time again will always be the best. It is the restaurant that I use to compare all other dining experiences I have. The Creme de la Creme!
5	This is one of the best restaurants on the strip.  The wait staff is outstanding, the food is terrific and overall they give the impression that they care about everything.  There were five of us having dinner and everyone thought the restaurant was outstanding and most of all memorable.
5	Phenomenal Atlantic char served orreganato (sp?) lobster mashed potatoes are killer and it's a great place for a date! Very expensive, but the offer an option to order half of anything on the menu, making the prices more affordable
5	Omg. Warm butter cake = better than most anything I can think of, yes including THAT thing! One serving feeds 3-4 easily. The steak was perfect as was the salmon. The twice baked potato was very good. Service like no other. Even an oops was handled with grace and gentle self-deprecating humor that made it charming instead of annoying. I had heard "it's in the middle of a mall" which is technically true, but I found the atmosphere lovely and private, so I would disagree with that criticism. Worth every penny of the splurge.
5	Nothing less than the best! Each and every time we have dined @ Mastros we have been treated impeccably! Sam is by far my favorite waitress! She took care of us with attention to detail compared to none. The steaks are perfect and the warm butter cake is a must have on each visit! Fit for a queen!
4	***Short version of this review***Mastro's is the Cheesecake Factory of fine dining.--------------------------------------------------------***Long version of this review***I dropped by Mastro's in the Crystals mall for a quick dinner before a night on the town.  I'd heard of the Mastro's chain before, especially their swanky steakhouses in Orange County and LA, but this was my first time hearing of their seafood restaurant.  It seemed like the perfect opportunity to lose my Mastro's virginity without being subjected to massive slabs of red meat.First thing's first -- Mastro's is enormous, and it's absolutely stunning.  In terms of architectural design, this place is a feast for the eyes.  The interior of the restaurant is bold and stunning.  Much of the dining room is suspended over the rest of the mall in a giant wooden "treehouse".  I sat at the bar, which was a veritable mountain of mirrors and glass.  Just being at Mastro's feels glamorous.After being seated, I ordered a glass of the "Grace Lane" Riesling (which was fabulous) and was promptly offered a complementary breadbasket, filled with pretzel bread, toasted baguette, and various other goodies.  I noticed that most of the plates being carted around the restaurants were pretty large, so I decided to build a dinner out of two different appetizers.  I opted for the sauteed sea scallops and the ahi tuna tostada.Needless to say, two appetizers were more than enough food, since these so-called "appetizers" were really entree portions.  The sea scallops included 3 giant scallops, soaking in a rich and buttery sauce and served alongside huge slabs of cheesy baguette.  The ahi tuna tostada was actually 3 separate tostadas, each loaded to the hilt with big-eye tuna, avocado, and ponzu chili sauce.Of the two dishes, I preferred the scallops, which were simply prepared and oh so silky and indulgent.  The ahi tuna tostada was less enjoyable, since the tuna was served warm and had a slightly mealy consistency.  Service was efficient, formal, and bland -- fairly typical for a chain restaurant, but especially a Vegas chain restaurant.  All in all, I'd really glad I had the chance to experience Mastro's for the first time.  The behemoth portions, straightforward food, and stiff service felt like Cheesecake Factory -- not a bad place per se, but not somewhere that I'd visit on the reg, either.
4	Better food than most upscale restaurants, good service weird location and set up. I prefer to go to the Mastro's in L.A.
5	Everything from the bread basket to my appetizer to my steak to dessert to service was outstanding at Mastro's!!  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Okay, if I had to pick one thing... I would say if you're looking for a "romantic" dinner date setting, I would probably say this is NOT the place.  It's in the middle of a mall.  But, romance is what you create so to me, if the food is good and service is great, that's really what counts!  Our server was awesome.  He made great recommendations, was attentive, was kind, was not annoying in the sense that he was trying to recommend only the most expensive things.  He was honest about what was good and not just based on price.  The steaks were cooked to perfection and they are huge!!!  You can seriously share a steak.  Like really.  The sides were amazing and also huge.  I mean seriously... Truffle Gnocchi!?!?  Holy hell!  And Lobster Mash?!!!  Yes please!  And you need to save room for the butter cake. You just have to.  It was so good.  I mean like really good.  I don't know what else to say, it really was that good!
5	One of the best meals that I have had in a long time.  Looking forward to repeating.  $300 for 2 for dinner.
4	Excellent service from start to finish!  Wife's crab cocktail and filet were perfect.  I was a little disappointed in my bone in New York.  Meat had a large vein of gristle  running through the  middle into the bone.  Martini was larger than average!!
4	In the mall at Aria lies a bird house made of wood that serves great steak. We came here with a reservation made on Open Table for a pre-show dinner for a birthday. It's pricey but the steaks are worth it. I read the sides are massive, they were decent. Enough for 2 people in my opinion. I had the bone-in filet and it was delicious. My partner had a grilled fish and it was fresh and tasty. The sauteed spinach was full of garlicky goodness and the asparagus was cooked to perfection. The big bread basket had lots of choices and the chocolate cake was great. The service was impeccable and our waiter was very knowledgable. The only downfall is the location. It's so odd to be at a high-end restaurant in a mall, even if it is a very high-end mall.
1	We frequent Ocean's Scottsdale and it is always an excellent experience, great food, wonderful atmosphere. We thought Ocean's Las Vegas...Shouldn't we expect the same? The doorway leading to the restaurant is warm and welcoming and the staff are truly professional and friendly.  We thought memorable anniversary!  It is when you walk into the open-space leading into the shopping mall that you feel like you are in a crazy, expensive food court. Actually, MUCH noisier than a food court. Cavernous and noisy!  We needed to shout at each other so we ate mostly in silence.  Some areas are undercover and possibly they were less noisy.  We do not mind paying top dollar for an aged steak cooked to perfection or an excellent martini... and, the food here was excellent however we rated this lowest of low for ambience. Noise level? Think NASCAR
4	Tried Mastro's for the first time on Saturday while staying in Vegas. Made a reservation on Yelp (super convenient and easy) for 5:15pm. Ended up coming 15 mins late because of traffic but was still seated right away after we arrived. If you do plan on coming here, leave about 30-40 mins (depends on traffic also) early since you do have to park/valet then walk into Crystals Mall located at Aria.Appetizer - Tried the calamari and I would have to say that I have had better. The calamari was reallllllly chewy. Some might prefer that but it was not to my liking. The only reason why it was enjoyable was the creamy sauce that came with it. I could eat the sauce by itself. It was THAT delicious. As a high-end restaurant, I was expecting better calamari, but Flemings and Ruth Chris both win on that dish.Entree - Bone-in Filet and Bone-in Ribeye. The Filet was amazing! It was tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked. I usually get filet without the bone but decided to try something different and it did not do me wrong. The bone-in ribeye was good but not as good as the filet. It was soft in the center but the outside was too blacken for my taste. It was over-charred and slightly burnt in corners. Probably wouldn't get that again.Sides- Lobster mashed potatoes.... WOW! Such a genius idea. $39 side... so you will expect something amazing and it was! So flavorful with lobster pieces in each bite. I will definitely get this again. Cream corn - nothing that stands out from other cream corn that I have tried before. Though, I could tell that they cut it from fresh corn, rather than using canned corn - which was a plus. Complimentary bread - variety... probably 4-5 different types.Service - from a 1-10, I'd give about 7.5. Server wasn't as personable. 1 appetizer, 2 sides and 2 steaks came out to be $188.
4	The service at Mastros was phenomenal. The food was amazing as well, the Sea Bass was some of the best fish I have ever had in my life, the filet was great and the sides were delicious as well. Food and service was definitely 5 stars, the reason I gave it 4 is because of the Mojito that I ordered. It was on the cocktail menu, and they have a full bar so I expected it to be good. It was really watery and frankly not very tasty. Expected more from the bar, but would definitely go back.
1	To whom it may concern,This is the worst dinning experience my wife and I have ever endured!  The evening was a special anniversary that was a complete let down with service, atmosphere and quality of dishes. From BAD placement, to RUDE servers and in the middle a very apologetic manager offering to move us from the table which was next to the buss boy/server station, where they made comments about the dinning guests and used foul language. To start the evening, we where staying at THE HOTEL and I had called ahead for reservations and informed the receptionist that it was a special occasion.On arriving  the young lady/Maitre d asked if it was a special evening and after answering YES she states she has a very special table for us! She then placed us next to the servers station when the restaurant was empty. The waiter came to our table and was RUDE, the food was HORRIBLE/ SUB PAR , we had the halibut special and the whole evening was one we will try to forget. We live in Paradise Valley, Az. and have been to the Mastro's  and Ocean Club here. I WARN everyone this Las Vegas restaurant is nothing like the others STAY AWAY. SPEND your money somewhere else. So SAD !!
5	we did not have a reservation but they were able to get us 2 seats atthe bar.  The barstaff provided great service in addition to makinglots of drinks.  Busy Friday night.The food was excellent and very large portions, we were able to orderhalf portions since we were a party of 2.The meal was a good value given the portions and quality.Also the restaurant had a very dramatic location.
4	Everything is always done perfect at Maestro's. The food, wine selection and a dessert with its own twitter site.The only weird thing about this one is it's in the middle of a mall with very expensive stores. Steak place in the mall....hmmmmOther than that, they are always spot-on with the best food and service.If you never have been to one, you can't truly say you are a foodie. Warm butter cake!!!
5	had dinner here last nite w/ my wife.Best swordfish i ever had.Perfectly done.Spectacular shrimp cocktail. flourless chocolate dessert was incredible.My wife had chilean sea bass. To die for.service was amazing! If u want a great dining experience come here!
3	I was back to Vegas with my work team. First time at Mastro's Ocean Club, a restaurant in the middle of Crystal Mall. We booked dinner reservation for 9:45 pm for 6 on Sunday May/18/14 after the Show. I arrived 7 mins early, but our table was not ready and we were seated 10:10 pm (empty table needs to set up for 6). Our waiter was very tentative and recommend us the seafood platter.The Alaskan Red King Crab Claws & the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktails were awesome. My Rack of Lamb was cooked medium rare as I requested on a super Hot Plate. Perfect!. The rest of the food and side dishes were great. The only less desirable thing was by the time we got our main course it was 11:40 pm at night. For sure it was a bit pricey, our bill came to $1200 USD for 6 of us.Overall, it was a good experience.Maybe we will try again an earlier dinner time when we have a chance again.
1	I gave this restaurant 1 star because at least the service was good, but the food was horrible. First we got the escargot as an appetizer. Parts of the escargot was cold and tasted like dirt. It was obviously frozen and not cleaned well. Just to let you know this is not our first time eating escargot, it's one of our favorite dishes, so we've had it plenty of times. As for the entrees we got the swordfish, which was extremely dry and tasteless. We also got the seabass, which was over cooked and the filet steak which was over chard. It was very disgusting! Very disappointed in the food.  How can we tell our server that all of the food that came out was disgusting. We didn't want to make a scene so we just ate what we could, paid and left. Our first and last time ever going there. The price that you pay for the food, it was definitely not worth it. We've had 100 times better. Mastro definitely topped the list for the worst expensive restaurant in Vegas. Definitely will not be returning. Great service but horrible food. Don't waste your time and money.
3	If you like lots of Food on your plate you'll like mastro's, if you like a sensible way of serving food you won't enjoy it that much. The filet was superb, as well as the chicken but the sides where for a group of four each and not presented in a way you would expect in a restaurant like that...though they tasted good. Waitress was very attentive...
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas if not the best! Had the wagyu Australian rib eye med rare. Great steak. Always great service also. Definitely check out mastros at aria if you have not. A++
3	we came here for my fiances birthday bc he loves the mastros back at home in Beverly Hills. I'll have to say it's not comparable. the service was excellent. as always. however their steaks we're just not up to par. I ordered the filet mignon, medium, and it came out well done. I wanted to say something to our waiter but I didn't want to ruin the vibe celebrating my fiances birthday. everyone else in my party thought their steaks were just okay as well. they had the bone in rib eye. we also ordered the cream of corn and fries. the cream of corn just... didn't taste good so I don't recommend getting that. the fries were typical and not so bad.I don't think I'll be coming here anymore when I come to Vegas. I'll just stick to buffets.
3	Ate here recently when we were in Vegas.  I was so excited because reviews were great.  Service was very good, food was very good.  Filets were good, but I guess I expected outstanding.  And of course, it's in a mall.  I would recommend someone try this place, but I'll try something else next time.
4	Exceptional service! I had the swordfish and it was very good.I found it funny that the waiter kept on looking to my grandpa to pay the bill ect. When i was paying.   *NOTE to Mastro's*  Don't under estimate a 25 year old.  Perhaps Place the check in the Middle?  Never just assume.
4	Ok. I have walked by this place a dozen times in the Crystal Shoppes and always just thought it was a mall restaurant. Surprises in Vegas keep on coming. I checked on Yelp and it was rated pretty high at 4.5 with 589 reviews. The final selling point was that it is open until 1 am which makes sense in Vegas. It is a pain to make it to a show and have dinner finished by 10 pm. A lot of the supposed higher end restaurants could do a lot better job on their hours in Vegas. Mastros does and so it got our reservation. We had a great dinner, the sea food tower was stacked and very well done. Everyone enjoyed their meals, the steaks and fish meals were great and not a complaint was raised at the table. The wine was recommended and reasonable. Not to mention very well paired to the meal. Thanks to Dion (our waiter), for a really enjoyable evening. He made the night work for everyone, even though it started off a little shaky. A bit more attention by the host staff when dropping people in the bar to wait on their table would have earned 5 stars. However, we would go back in a heartbeat.
5	I brought clients here on a Thursday evening for dinner around 800 pm. I recommend reservations since  the place gets busy. My clients who arrived from Denver around a year ago and never experienced Mastro's previously so I knew they were in for a treat.We started off with drinks at the table  once we were  seated and were brought the awesome bread basket -  I indulged in the pretzel bread yum! We ordered a few appetizers - scallops, crab cakes and ordered our starter salads. I opted for just the 1/2 salad of the iceberg wedge - it's plenty large and so yummy. For my main entree I went for he rack of lamb and we shared several twice cooked potatoes and cream spinach. Everything was spectacular and the service was stellar! My lamb was cooked to perfection and  my clients were impressed as I expected. The only con was nobody had room for buttercake!I received a telephone call from Mastrro's the following day thanking me for my business which again is so out of the box. I'm happy to see even with the change of ownership that nothing has changed here!
4	Shady rolled in to Mastro's to commence his epic 8 night assault on Vegas on a sunday evening 8.30. Housed in the Crystals Mall(one word of caution-if u come to Crystals with a special someone plan on dropping a few k$-its 5th ave on steriods). Seated in the neat tree house, Shady and Co. started with some seared Ahi tuna, well presented and delicious. Shady and lucky guest split the bone in ribeye and the crusted Halibut special and side of roasted sprouts. The steak and brussel sprouts were spot on. The Halibut was a touch disappointing, undercooked in spots and with no real oomph in the flavor. The dessert had to be the signature warm butter cake. Big enough for 8, Shady and friend got 1/3 through and called it quits. The creme fraiche was outstanding and the cake as good as advertised. But why so huge? Service was very good, and the vibe very enjoyable. Shady always have reservations ordering fish in Las Vegas, and next time will stick with what Shady thinks is their forte-the meats. 3.5 stars.
5	A couple buddies and I decided to come out and try out the Vegas Mastros after a long day of playing tables. Got seating right away without having to make an appointment,  and service was very professional.  After we received our steak it was hands down the best we ever had and would come out for dinner again on our next visit.
5	BEST RESTAURANT I'VE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF DINING AT! HANDS DOWN! The people at Mastros truly get it! Service service & more service. My wife & I ate here on our honeymoon & while he food was great, the service was amazing!!!FOOD: My wife had the sea bass which was incredible. Buttery, delicate, flaky, delectable & flavorful. I had the incredible salmon & I was floored! Not to mention the huge complimentary warm butter cake was THE BEST RESTAURANT DESSERT I'VE EVER HAD! SERVICE: We ordered the mac-n-cheese but our waiter brought out the wrong side dish. He didn't dispute it, he didn't make a face or impose a funny energy about it AT ALL! He simply said, oh we're so sorry! Keep this one & I'll bring out the correct side dish. Whattttt?!?! Where do they do that at???? Mastro's apparently! They even plate your sides onto your entree plate for you. Ultimately & even more importantly the servers & bus boys energies were warm & full of laughter & smiles. This ..... Is what service is about as my wife & I rave about this place to everyone! This inspired a HUGE TIP! SYNOPSIS: You so called Michelin rated, 4 star uppity high end restaurants could learn a hell of a lot from Mastro's. They have single handed restored my faith that fine dining doesn't have to equate to stuffy, dry, bland, pretentious uninspired service & energy. 10 stars!
5	This restaurant in a tree house was an all around great experience. The service from start to finish was top notch, our food was so good, table side prep and presentation was perfect. A true fine dining experience. Most important thing was the home made whipped cream! If it's winter time have a hot chocolate with this whip cream on it if it's summer put it on anything and everything. We ate it by itself!!!!
5	I've been a huge fan of the Ocean Club since it opened, and I always make an effort to dine here when I'm on the Strip. Top notch in every way: service, decor, ambiance, wine list, and happily- the FOOD! Highly recommended
4	I enjoyed my experience at mastros. Their cocktails are delicioussss. I had the cosmopolitan, which featured a dry ice presentation. Beautiful. It was pricey but you get the mixer and the extra contents, which is pretty much 2 cocktails for the price of one.The food was nothing short of spectacular. I ordered the ribeye and it was cooked perfectly, seasoned well and simply amazing.Their sea bass is so tender and melts in your mouth like butter! Ah! Yum!** The really nice thing about the place is their hefty portions, so at least you leave full and like you got your monies worth. It a MUST to try the Warm Butter Cake Dessert! It's worth the $16 to spend, it's a warm yellow buttery cake that's crispy on the outside, with sugar coating and warm and gooey on the inside. There's a large scoop of vanilla ice cream on top and the whole thing is finished with raspberry drizzle. It also comes with a large side of house whipped cream! The first time I dined at the restaurant, I received stellar service; this second time around I saw my server 3 times during our meal and I wasn't impressed with his serving qualities. All in all, it is definitely an experience to dine at mastros. The food speaks for itself.
5	Not that this restaurant needs anymore reviews...So, I'll keep it short and sweet.I've been to this place twice now. It's awesome. Hands down the best place for seafood I've been to in Vegas. Awesome service, love the ambiance and they have the yummiest breads.I would suggest:Lobster Mashed potatoesCrabCrab CakesBlack Truffle GnocchiChilean Sea bassIf you want a fancy dinner and you're dressed to impress, this would be a lovely place to hit up. Just make reservations :)
5	Honestly - one of the best new York strips I've had... just amazing.Martinis are easily 3 drinks and well worth the $19 price tag.The best meal I've ever had in Vegas.
5	We splurged (again) to enjoy mastro's great food and service.  This last visit was our second visit and we weren't disappointed at all.  TIP: to guarantee your spot, always make a reservation.  Las Vegas ocean club has the beautiful tree house and I even asked to sit in there.  They brought us to the bar while we waited for our table.  I was pleasantly surprised that the drinks we ordered were actually strong; usually other restaurants are stingy with their alcohol.  Maybe it was due to being in Las Vegas, but those drinks were tasty and strong.  A few minutes later we were seated inside the tree house.  The staff were very attentive to us.  We ordered ahi tuna and a filet to share. A couple of side orders of veggies, salad, crab cakes and some bread completed our meal.  I really thought that we would not have enough food but I couldn't finish it all!We promised ourselves that we would come back just for dessert- and we did return the next day! - just for the chocolate pudding cake and their cheesecake.  I LOVE their pudding cake and I am not a chocolate person!  Again, their service was outstanding. Crazy busy on a Friday or Saturday night or slow like a Sunday dinner, the staff never forgot about you.If you ever want to experience great service and food - consistently, mastro's ocean club in Las Vegas is a sure bet.
4	My husband and I have been to Mastro's twice, once for work and most recently for my birthday. 1. Service is good.  2. Caesar salad was over dressed and had too much cheese.  Gavin Degraw was also eating at the restaurant that night and shared the same feedback on the Caesar salad.  3. Steak is the reason that this rating is 4 stars instead of 5.  We have had far better steak at Craftsteak. But the side of mushrooms that you can order with the steak is sooo good!4. Butter cake was a great dessert but there chocolate cake was very dry.  Both you could share with someone else.5. The lemon drop is one of the best I have ever had.  I will order it every time I am in Vegas. The wine list is also reasonable and has a lot of good choices.
4	Atmosphere: huge plus for being inside Crystals mall. Classy, a bit on chatty side.Food: amazing!Service: he meant well, but...The snow crab claw was by far the best I've had. It's served cracked, fresh, and insanely cold with a dramatic dry ice presentation. Food and service deserves 5 stars, but here's what I want to take a point off of. Nobody warned us that portions were HUGE. We left half the food on the table, which was meant for one person. Keep in mind I am a size 0, it's not hard to guess I won't have a huge appetite.The smooth talking waiter talked us into getting the steak special, 20oz bone in for $90-100, not on menu. He said it was for ONE person. Also he suggested the lobster mashed potatoes as a side and sushi roll. The steak was good, but too big for both of us to finish. Then the server hands me the charred bone bit - actually, more like plop it in the mashed potato - and tells me to eat the meat off of it. Really? Are you expecting me to lick my fingers off after I chew off the meat with my teeth and hands like a classy lady?We opted for half portion lobster potatoes instead of a full, which was still a whole bowl of potato mash swimming in a pool of butter. Whatever happened to mixing?The half portion of sweet potato fries had so much breading that I couldn't taste the sweet potato. I'm sure there's a lot of people who drool over this type of side dish, but I was certainly not one of them.I'll give 4stars, but next time, please don't suggest ordering extra food when it's clear we can't even finish one plate. It's too good to waste!
4	Great service!I love their complimentary bread basket. It has about 4 or 5 kinds of bread in it and all of them are so good. Especially their pretzel!Their steak? Awesome. Thick, juicy and tender.Escargot....hmm not my plate. Scallop is good. Lamb chop. Best one I've ever had!!!!!! it's a must have. They also gave us a slice of chocolate cake for my sisters birthday, which was awesome. We paid around/0ver $350 for 3 people. So it is very pricey! but it's worth the great food and experience. I would totally come back!!!
5	Wow....If it wasn't a bit spendy I'd love to go here more often when in Las Vegas!Great bar staff with amazing drinks.... Although the martini's are a bit expensive, they give you the shaker w/ the leftover which makes it almost two martini's... And they are awesome...We also had a great bottle of wine from their nice selection to choose from.And the food!!! Wow, the steaks are amazing and we also had a shrimp and a crab cocktail appetizer that were to die for. Nice atmosphere - a little dressy, but it is Vegas so you can show up casual.We had several great bartenders since we sat at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed it.Great spot in central location on the strip.....
5	Some of the best food that you'll ever eat in a treehouse! The seafood and steaks are out of this world. Highly recommended!
5	Mastro's Ocean Club is one of my favorite restaurants inside of City Center!  Although the designer of this restaurant claims that it is set in a treehouse, it feels more like the dining room of a luxury cruise ship.  Their Caesar salad CANNOT be beat.  I'm a huge fan of the pretzel bread too and apparently my server noticed.  He won my heart by giving me an entire basket of it!I wish they were still open for lunch.
5	So as we walk into this place I was very skeptical to think that they would produce good food because on the outside all you see if the tree house and you kind of don't understand how to get in here but then we walked in and it finally made sense.we were celebrating our cousins birthday so there was four of us.So let's start with appetizers we had the crab cakes which here they were your typical crab cakes nothing special but still tasted petty good.Bone marrow!! I'm telling you it's the business here! They were served with mini toasted bagettes buttered on the grill and the little salad they had on the side was an awesome pairing.I would definitely order it again yummy!So the waiter recommended that we try the 33oz wagyu tomahawk ribeye and I'm glad we ordered this steak. And for 88 bucks I expected another mediocre steak but boy was I wrong. I asked the waiter when the steak came out if I needed any sauces for this steak and I was thrown off on how he immediately said no trust me eat it as is.. the most awesome steak I've had in my life so far..I was so satisfied from first bite to finish and now look to have this steak on a regular.my wife also agreed and sister and cousin felt that was a phenomenal steak! Thank you so much for the experienceOur cousin and sister had the rack of lamb and for me I'm not too much of a lamb guy but they insisted that I try it and I was amazed because normally when I eat lamb it's too gamy for me but this was an awesome prepared lamb chop so thank you for that because it totally changed my perspective on lamb.As for the sides that we enjoyed with our meal we had lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus and cream corn.they went with our meal and I will say my favorite thing was the cream corn and the recommended lobster mash felt like it was just your simple mash potatoes and gravy with lobster on top..still it was deliciousSince we were celebrating a birthday or waiter gave us the also recommended butter cake on the house which was very nice and I think the dessert is not as good as they say. but we all enjoyed it overall the steak is what I will come back for it was such a great meal.
4	Was here exactly one week ago with a group- about 10 of us, girls and guys (what was left over from a combined bachelor/bachelorette weekend). My husband and I are from Chicago and the Mastros here is my FAVORITE restaurant in the world (see review)- so I came to this one with really high expectations. First off our server, Tim, was phenomenal! So friendly, quick, and informative with every question we had. Next was the food, which was just as I expected- amazing. Husband had the bone in filet, and I did the halibut. Both delicious! I tried my girlfriends sea bass and that was awesome too. We all split a ton of apps and sides, and finished off with butter cakes for the table. Food coma heaven! The only thing lacking was the atmosphere. (Why I knocked off 1 star) we were expecting a loud, energetic "Vegas" style restaurant (much like the one back home here in Chicago) But it was very quiet, bright, and just low energy. More suitable for a quiet dinner with your significant other, not a crazy group of 8 guys and 2 girls lol. But hey maybe that's the feel this Mastros is going for, which I can totally appreciate.
3	This place is always pretty good! This location in particular is a bit odd, though. You're literally eating in the mall much like a food court (with a large bill). But hey, at least you're surrounded by designer names..ha!) The seafood tower is the way to go. The bone-in filet is NOT the best thing on the menu despite what the masses say. It's a bit chewy. My girlfriend had a regular filet and it was much better and cooked perfectly.The butter cake is terribly overrated. I always find that it's a bit dry and for lack-of-a-better thought....NOT worth the calories.
5	I have to say the best dinner we had in the week we stayed in Vegas.THe food and service were the bestHave to get a cosmo they service with dry ice, it is an experience.Waiter Paul was the best could not do enough for ushave to try the Lobster mash potatoes
5	When my husband and I visited Vegas this weekend, we both had a craving for delicious seafood.  Unfortunately for us, many of the restaurants that served seafood were primarily steakhouses.  We read a few yelp reviews for Mastro's among others and eventually made a reservation here for dinner that same night.When we arrived, we were seated inside the "tree house" that's suspended in the center of the shops.  We ordered a bottle of Shiraz, the halibut and the sea bass encrusted with their special seasoning, and macaroni and cheese.  Our water was never more than half full at any given time throughout our entire meal.  The food and wine turned out to be amazing!  Our waiter (I wish I remembered his name) was kind enough to ask if we wanted the rest, including the wine, boxed up since I had been feeling sick to finish it.  A few tips if you visit, the sides are quite large, probably enough to split with up to 4 people.  Trust your waiter/waitress.  Ours suggested the preparation we had on our fish and we were not disappointed.  And the price is a bit high but well worth it in the end.  I would definitely go back here again.
2	I want to say that I'm a frequent diner at the Mastro's in costa mesa as well as beverly hills. The service there trumps the vegas experience. Disappointing. At one point the server dropped some of the gnocchi on my lap as he was serving it onto my plate. He knew because I reacted unfavorably since I had some pretty nice pants on. Not a single apology. meh. I don't hold it against you Mastro's... you're still my 2nd favorite place to eat in orange county :D
1	My dinner companion and I had my birthday dinner at your Las Vegas location and were served by Deon. The food and service were fabulous but at the end of dinner, my dinner companion (who made the reservation) paid cash for the tip amount of 20% but paid the check with his card. Deon wrote on the check receipt an extra $100 on the tip line of the receipt and upped the bill. We have disputed this charge but this is absolutely unacceptable. We enjoyed our night and I had a great time at mastro's and would like to return but never again if this is an accepted practice.
4	Good food but pricey. Great service by the staff.
5	Great service and great Steaks!!! Never any problems!
5	Typical high-end steak place format. The location in City Center is unique, in the wooden "treehouse".Highlights were potatoes gratin, creamed corn, and grilled asparagus. The bananas foster cocktail is like a rum desert.Of course the service is upscale as expected. I have been to Mastro's locations in Orange County and here, both were consistently good.
3	Mediocre steak (for this level place). Great lobster. Unimpressive decor overlooking mall. Very good Mac & Cheese (though not best). Extra large dessert, with great whipped cream.
5	I completely regret resisting going to this place. After 3 hard vegas days, expensive food seemed like a waste, but this meal was one of the best memories of the trip. Lobster Bisque was definitely one of or the best I've ever had, my friends' macaroni and cheese was huge and delicious and the butter cake, our main reason for going here was so good, I was contemplating pulling the trigger right there just to force in a few more bites. Sitting in the treehouse in the middle of the mall made the whole experience that much more unique. There was a 2:1 diner/waiter ratio, our main guy was one of the most attentive pros I've ever had.
5	My wife and I are visiting from Austin for my birthday and wanted to have a special birthday dinner.  I checked reviews in yelp for a good steakhouse and came across this restaurant. I had not heard of it before but when I saw the very high ratings decided to give it a try. All I can say is AMAZING!  The service was excellent!  Make sure you ask for Mike. He was a excellent waiter. He took his time answering all of our questions and his service was prompt and personal. The food was super delicious.  I had the ribeye cooked hard medium. Talk about juicy and full of flavor! I'm a firm believer that a good steak does not need steak sauce and brother let me tell you absolutely no steak sauce needed. Same for my wife, she had a filet (Oscar style). I paired my steak with a grilled lobster tail. OMG, talk about good. For our sides (ala cart) we had the saute asparagus and mashed sweet potatoes. Both very flavorful.  We paired our meal with wine. I had a perfect balanced Summerland Pinot (flavor was heavier than some Pinots but not as heavy as a Cab). My wife had a Jaylor Cab (pretty sure I spelled it wrong). She loved it with the crab and steak.  By the way the crab meat was large whole chunks.  Amazing!  For dessert Mike brought me a smaller version of their butter cake. OMG, OMG!!! I'm a huge chocolate fan and very rarely do I eat anything else, but this cake was phenomenal.  You have to try it.  That's all I will say. Anyway I hope this helps. You can not go wrong with this restaurant.  Heck, we initially sat behind Shania Twain but moved because other people in her party were a little loud and we wanted a quiet dinner experience.  From what we were told, they always have celebrities visiting. Forgot to mention that we stayed at the Aria.  Which is right next to the Crystal Shops, where the restaurant is. Check them out too. Enjoy!
3	*** Word of warning: this steakhouse is located inside a mall and you will most likely have a view of a high-end store while you eat. *** Typically, I'm a huge fan of Mastro's and every time we are celebrating a special occasion, we will pay a visit to Mastro's. Unfortunately I was a little disappointed in the Vegas location. I will start with the pros. The food was sublime. It was exactly the quality of food Mastro's provides at their locations in Phoenix. I started with the Ocean Club Salad which came with fresh shrimp with blue cheese dressing, avocado and tomatoes. The salad was refreshing and delicious and filled me up! However, I wasn't done just yet. Following the salad, I ordered the crab cake and shared the lobster mac and cheese with my husband. The crab cake was made of fresh crab and was more crab than filling which was perfect. The Lobster Mac and Cheese is always a must and you can't visit Mastro's without ordering it! I also stole a bite of my husband's filet which was cooked to perfection. Yes, I did roll out of the restaurant but rolled out fat and happy from the amazing food! They cook everything to perfection and it's always a gluttonous good time. So why the three stars? Sadly, that goes to ambiance and service. The restaurant in located inside a mall. Granted, it's a very high-end mall but it's still a mall just the same. That wouldn't make a huge difference except that the restaurant has an open floor plan with an open balcony which means you are looking out into the mall while you eat. It's very light and bright and just doesn't provide for a very romantic experience. They do have a tree-like structure that you can eat in which hides the mall a little bit, but it's hard to forget that you're in a mall during your meal. Considering that it's Vegas and there are so many venues with wonderful ambiance, I would choose another restaurant next time. The customer service was also a bit disappointing. I felt like we were always trying to get our server's attention. He wasn't very attentive to us and anytime we wanted to order another drink or food, we had to hunt him down. We were going to order dessert but it took him so long to check on us that by the time he came to our table, we were just ready to go at that point. I would have liked it if the server was a bit more attentive so that we didn't have to track him down the whole meal. While the food was amazing, the ambiance and service left something to be desired and since Vegas has so many restaurants to choose from, we will choose a different restaurant during our next visit to the Strip.
5	The service and food were incredible.  This meal was worth every penny. We started with the wedge salad. My husband and I split the salad,  which I'm glad we did because it was large.  For the entree I had the big eye tuna served sushi style and it was fantastic.  We ordered the sweet potato side dish and it was heaven in a bowl.  I will eat here again the next time we are in Vegas.
5	12 ounce fillet. Bring your appetite little spend well worth it, defiantly get what you pay for. Sorry no photo phone was tripping out. Sweet potato mash is a must, don't think for a minute they are healthy.
4	Mastro's to me is just another steak house. Just like Fleming's or Morton's and Ruth's Chris, Morton's offers a very classic steak restaurant. Visiting Vegas, I made a decision I shouldn't have made. Not to say that going to Matro's Ocean Club inside the Shops At Crystals was a mistake or a bad experience. I just have a dining out rule when I'm in Vegas. "If there's one in LA or OC, don't go there." Well, I broke my rule, but it was all for a birthday celebration. I figured, I probably won't be going to Mastro's anytime soon, so might as well. And the bird's nest really attracted me. I was really happy with my decision for the most part.We started things of with bread service. They offered pretzel, crouton, baguette, dinner roll, and wheat bread. The breadbasket had variety all were quite good. My favorite was the pretzel -- it was soft and airy.I had some of the Caesar salad to start. I needed some kind of greens to soak up all that meat juice. Their Caesar salad was near perfect. The dressing was nice and creamy. The addition of parmesan cheese and cracked pepper made everything better.I was ready for the main event, the 22oz bone in rib eye. The rib eye is one of my favorite cuts because of the even fat marbling and soft texture. Mine was cooked perfectly medium rare, though a bit more on the rare side. This actually caused the meat to be a bit tough. This cut did have some nice fat running through the steak. This helped with the tenderness and mouth feel of the meat. Even though this wasn't the best steak I have had, the help of the amazing sides made it all better.The real reason I came here wasn't the steak. Well it is, and it isn't. The real reason I came here was for the lobster mashed potatoes. I mean. It is Mastro's Ocean Club -- Ocean, meaning seafood is in order. This side dish was rich as can be -- full of butter. I believe the potato to butter ratio is near 1 to 1. With a whole lobster tail carefully chopped up and placed in a pool of butter, the potatoes were creamy and flavorful. The pure essence of the sea was encased in butter, and mixed with potatoes. Eating this with steak was pure bliss. The kid in me wanted to order the mac and cheese. made with gorgonzola, the flavor was very rich. Another cream heavy and dairy heavy dish, the mac and cheese was delicious. My favorite was the layer of melted cheese on top.My favorite was dessert. We were celebrating a birthday, so they gave us a chocolate birthday cake. The cake was rich in chocolate and eating just a few bites was enough for me. The best thing about this dessert was their home made whipped cream. Served on the side in a bowl, the homemade whipped cream was so dense and fluffy. The cold cream and the chocolate cake was a perfect mixture. Honestly though, the whipped cream was the best thing ever. I wanted to take it all home.Eating at Mastro's Ocean Club was a great experience. The location is a bit awkward. As you are enjoying your expensive meal inside an amazingly architectured "bird's nest," you look out and you see people shopping. That is cool and all, but you can't help but think you are inside of a mall -- Well, you are inside of a mall, and this Mastro's makes sure you know that. I couldn't help but think I was at a very glorified food court at a mall. When I eat at a nice establishment, I want to feel secluded from the world. I just didn't get the at from here. The food is great, though as far as steakhouses go in Las Vegas, you can do a lot better. I guess I can only break my rule once. Never eat at Las Vegas where you can at home.
5	This restaurant has become one of my all-time favorites! I've eaten here multiple times over the past 3 years, and that's says a great deal because the Strip has so many fine dining options. I've actually had the same waiter, Mike, a couple of times. His knowledge of the menu, and service to our table couldn't have been better. My favorite entree is the Fillet of Arctic Char Oreganata style. This is a flavorful fish like sockeye salmon or snapper, not bland or mild like grouper or cod. The portions are large at Mastro's, both the entrees and the sides, and this dish is no exception. They serve 2 fillets of fish. There must be 12 to 14oz of fish on the plate. I've ordered steak here once as well, an 8oz petite filet. Is was excellent, cooked perfectly, as one would expect at a high-end restaurant. For desert, I recommend sharing the Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake. It has an amazing smooth and warm buttery taste that intensifies as you near the cake's center. Lastly, with regard to the dining experience, the restaurant is located in the Crystals Mall, however, there is no "mall-feel" to the experience whatsoever. The wooden "tree house" dining area is an impressive sight to see, and a truly unique and beautiful open-air room to dine in.
5	Absolutely recommend Mastro's Ocean Club.  We had a wonderful experience in the tree house.  We started with an apple martini and a berry martini.  The apple martini comes out smoking, we also saw a Cosmo come out the same way.  A really cool touch!  We order an appetizer of shrimp cocktail, it come with three but since there were two of us Lionel ( our server) suggested we get four, so we did.  They were huge and very tastie.  The cocktail sauce was delicious along with some very hot horseradish, perfect balance.  We also ordered ahi tuna as an appetizer, this was amazing too.  Ordered salmon prepared blackened style and my husband order tuna Asian style with a side of asparagus.  We ordered way to much food as the portions are very generous.  We then had raspberries sorbet, which was to die for.   So, I mentioned large portions..we took home tuna, salmon and asparagus to our hotel room and ate a wonderful lunch in the room the next day.  They also boxed up the bread, which is a variety of sourdough, pretzel roll and something like a baguette.  Our lunch was just as good as our dinner.  I mentioned Lionel earlier in my post.  Well, you must request him as your server, he is personable and very professional at the same time.  Be sure to sit in the tree house.  It is expensive, but well worth the splurge!
5	The food, the service and the atmosphere were incredible. I've been coming to Mastro's since they opened and have never been disappointed. Their drinks are beyond incredible, and although they are expensive they come out in a shaker so you get a drink and a half or two drinks out of each order. Everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic, starting with the breadbasket that is brought out. Make sure you leave room for dessert because their butter cake is the most amazing dessert I've ever had!I wish I can give them more than five stars!
5	We couldn't make our initial reservation and was disappointed but when we checked in to the Aria and noticed it was located in the Crystal shops, we decided to have a late dinner after shopping. The ambiance was unique, in a good way. Our server Daniel gave us exceptional service - he was very attentive and accommodating. We ordered the Rack of Lamb, Scallops and the Gorgonzola Mac n Cheese! Everything was cooked to perfection and well seasoned aka tasty. We were not disappointed and happy we were able to experience Mastro's Ocean Club before leaving Vegas.
2	I'm kind of surprised right now. So if you read my other reviews you pretty much know that it's hard to get 5 stars, but pretty easy to get 4 stars. If you get 3 stars then there must've been something wrong. First of all I was really into going to eat here. I thought it was really nice on the inside. I had a very positive attitude without super high expectations. That's the ideal right? Well, I was here for my wife's birthday, and my sister in laws belated birthday dinner. I ordered bone in rib eye. My wife ordered bone in filet w lobster tail on the side and my sister in law ordered lamb chops. I ordered mine medium rare. It came out just under well done. My wife ordered hers medium and it came out well done. My sister ordered hers medium and it came out rare. The manager happened to come by and ask how everything was. I really want to avoid complaining at a restaurant, but my wife said his is too done, and my sisters is not done enough. I said hey it's alright we can handle it, but the manager said oh no please let me take care of this. Ok I said no problem thank you so much. So they started another steak for me and started to cook my sisters more. Ok so they brought mine back. It looked right on the outside...nice looking. Alright so it was practically raw. My sisters comes back and it looks like they threw it in the microwave. All the while it's my wife's birthday and her steak is brown. Wtf. So I cook a little around the house. Some say my steak is better than most restaurants. I usually say it's ok. Well, in this case I can say I can get the temp on the money 90% of the time without timing it. I really was kind of shocked. I won't go into the meat anymore because it really was a train wreck. The appetizers were good. Dungeness crab cocktail, and oysters on a half shell. Drinks were great. We all enjoyed. But the dinner was really one of the worst I have ever had. I am really bummed about that. I can't really rate it a 1 star because the manager was good, appetizers were good, drinks were good, but the dinner...well, never again. I almost want to bump up the 2 stars that I have given on other reviews because this review is really 1 and a half.
4	Oh yeah...awesome restaurant....delicious food, excellent service. Add this to the Vegas must visit restaurants. Btw, we had the fresh Arctic Char...enough for three people, along with the Mac n cheese side. I had the King Crab legs. Just delicious. Enjoy!
5	Really Nice View and great food. nice break from the strip when it's 9:30 at night and the temperature finally gets down to 99 degrees. lol
5	Amazing restaurant. I took my gf here for her birthday, because she loves mall food, and this restaurant is in one of the most expensive malls I've ever been to. All jokes aside, the food is excellent and the service was impeccable. I had the lamb rack; it was mouth watering and the presentation was unique.
4	The $100 up charge on the credit card was resolved through the diligent work of AMEX and it looks like the manager is the one who padded the bill after we finished dinner. So apologies go out to deon because the vitriol should be directed to the manager. Aside from that, this was one of the most perfect dinner experiences that I've had in a while in Vegas. I received an email from someone in corporate but have had no follow up after that. A gift certificate or something would have been nice because they certainly f***ed up.
5	Our first time at this Mastros.  We've been to others so expectations were high and they lived up to it!Sat in the Treehouse which is very cool.  Others complained about feeling like you are in the middle of the mall, but it didn't bother us.  Our server Leonel was attentive and very personable.  Outstanding service and he had a sense of humor!We started with the shrimp cocktail which was fantastic. Sometimes the really jumbo shrimp are chewy but these were tender and tasty.  Hubby's filet was cooked perfectly and the Mac n cheese is to die for.  I was craving some crab so I had 2 king crab claws of the appetizer menu.  Wow!Of course you can't go to Mastros without having Butter Cake.  OMG!  It's like no other.Great meal for a great date night!
5	Keep in mind this is the first steakhouse I've ever been to that was more than $50 per person so I'm easily impressed.Off the bat I felt out of place in my "los pollos hermanos" graphic t-shirt, basketball shorts, and flip flops, but they made me feel welcome anyways.The service was nuts, by the time I entered and had my plate of food, I was probably introduced to like 8 different people, all of them friendly and accomodating. They work super fast and efficient too, the lady swooped around behind me and refilled my water without me even noticing. When they brought out our food, they had a person for each plate, and put it all on our table within a few seconds. I was like daaaayuuummm sooonnnn. food was great too.
2	This is just for service - Didn't even get to try the food here!I was excited to try this place during an impromptu Vegas trip. Called for Reservations a week ahead and they called me the day off to confirm. I told them we were running 15 min late and they said it might take longer to seat us.We ended up waiting 30 minutes before we gave up and left since we had a show to get to. I don't think pushing the reservations 15 back should have made that much of a dramatic wait difference - isn't the point of a reservation is to HOLD the table for me? Whats the diff between holding it 15min in the beginning than if i took an extra 15 min to eat/sit there?  Anyways, as we were waiting at the bar, another couple had  reservation as well and they were waiting longer than we were and also getting fed up.What's weird was there was a decent amount of empty tables so it wasn't like very table was filled to capacity. Don't think I'll attempt to eat at this place, whats the point of reservations if you have to wait?
5	Delicious from beginning to end. The appetizers, the steak, the fish, the sides - all made to perfection. And the dessert, the warm butter cake, absolutely incredible. Too bad we were too full to finish it all. It's enough for 4 to 6 people, so leave some room for dessert. But don't leave without trying it. The service was wonderful too. Oh, I forgot to mention the bread! Fabulous. Just incredible all around.
5	If you are a fan of ribeye, do yourself a favor and come to Mastro's indulge and in what is the TOMAHAWK: a 33oz bone-in beast of a steak worth every penny of your winnings. This intimidating slab of wagyu beef was perfectly medium rare, well marbled, and seasoned with care despite it's size. Definitely one of the best, if not the best, steaks I have had. You can be a monster and eat it all, or even split it with someone and order a few sides. So what if Mastro's is in a mall or if the "treehouse" is a little tacky for your tastes...you'll forget after your first bite. Best mall food ever.
5	The food is absolutely wonderful. The sides are huge so don't order more than two per couple. The service is wonderful as well.
5	I live in Orange County and have always wanted to try Mastro's steakhouse but have never had the chance. A short trip to Vegas and we needed a place to dine- so Mastro's Ocean Club was the choice for the evening! When we made reservations, we asked to be seated in the treehouse- what a cool ambience! Bread basket was super yummy but pace yourself- don't want to fill up before that delicioussteak gets to your table! Orders at the table included: Mastro's salad, filet mignon, shoestring french fries, baked potato, side of mushrooms, and the sauteed asparagus. All were delicious! All 3 of us had the filet and it was perfectly cooked and DELICIOUS. Can't wait to go back! We were so full but had to have dessert so ordered the butter cake and we were not disappointed. I'm not a huge fan of cake but this was one of the best desserts I have ever had. Great service and great food!
5	Daniel was my server, AH-MAZE-ING!! Service team was incredible, each dish was delicious and cooked perfectly. I enjoyed the sea bass, tender, rich in flavor with the scalloped potatoes. A glass of Haan Point Noir and the Butter Cake with fresh whipped cream, as recommended by Daniel. I dined alone as I'm on a business trip, they were kind enough to take care of my wine and dessert, truly a nice gesture!
4	12oz. Filet was very consistent with the great reviews this venue is receiving. Bartenders are very knowledgeable and welcoming. Regardless of if it's location in a mall or a hotel, this restaurant has a big future ahead of it.
5	As always, Mastro's does not disappoint! Their food tasted just as I remembered it, AMAZING. The service we received was great! I love how attentive they are with everything! We got the Chef's special - Ribeye with Maine Lobster and let me tell you, the food was so delicious. They also comped their famous Butter Cake since it was our Anniversary. Being that we've dined at their Beverly Hills location, this place seemed a bit more casual and less romantic since it's inside a mall.
5	Staying at the Aria and a small group of us went to Mastros for dinner. No reservation so sat at high top in bar area. I had the griller red snapper which was well prepared. A couple split a filet and other had chop salad and all said great. The cocktails were friendly and plentiful with quick service. I split Mac and cheese with a buddy but we only ate half despite great flavor. A little expensive but would definately do again.
2	The table service is always excellent here; however, I ordered the scallops again and asked them to brown them well on the outside as in pan-sear them.  When they came to the table however there was no brown, they appeared baked. I sent them back yet upon return they were no "browner" just more baked and now rubbery in texture with the bread sticks on the plate that were once crisp now moist and bent ( it seemed that they just stuck the whole plate back in the oven).  Not what I expected from a restaurant of this caliber.  I left it at that - disappointed - even though I had specified from the start how I wished them prepared.  I won't be ordering the scallops here again.
5	Best dinner ever!  Amazing food. Great service and they brought me out a piece of cake for my birthday. Will definitely be back!
5	Has 7:45 reservations, arrived at 7:30 and was sat promptly. Our server Dalin was great and made sure we had everything we wanted. The rack of lamb was excellent and the lobster mash was delicious. We started with the calimari which was lightly breaded and very juicy rings. Save room for the buttercake desert. Enough for 2 and tastes great with the fresh whipped cream they serve with it. Overall, great place to eat dinner for steak and seafood. Great atmosphere and service.
5	Wow.  Our server Robert, wow.  AMAZING experience.  We got there late at 6:15pm and had a show starting at 7:30pm.  That essentially leaves an hour.  Despite the busy night, despite me being all over the place in hurry to get in and out, he did an exceptional job!  Best steak ever!!  Prepared perfectly, on the warmest (okay, hottest) plate for an additional temp if needed.  The Lobster Mashers are totally worth the $39!  But the Butter Cake, I could live off that!  Great experience!  You must ask to be sat in the "treehouse", but don't beg like me... Hahah.
4	Beautiful location in one of the high end malls in the new City Center. Little bit hard to find if you don't normally shop here. And I don't. Civil servant salary :(. But we made it and we made reservations in advance so no problems with our table. Once placed at a table I think the floormanager thought it took too long before we got menu's and drinks because after some talking in a little microphone he brought the menu's himself. And bizarre: he really, really resembles Sheldon Cooper (Big Bang Theory). And once you've seen it........Our waiter showed up explaining the menu and taking the drink orders. To be honoust, we've missed most of the information. A high speed talk with way too much information about the specials.We decided on half a portion of the salad of the day (spinach, bacon, egg, the promised blue cheese was hard to find), the lobster bisque, a Ahi Tuna Tartare and the Ribeye with bone. For sides just the sauteed mushrooms.Portions are huge, but had a few dissapointments considering the price. Although we'resure the waitress spoke off different kinds of Preparing the meat (grilled, blackend, etc.) she didn't asked we would like the meat prepared. Looking at the meat of our neigbours we asked which cooking that was. Turned out to be rare. Just a little too pink for us so we asked the meat to be cooked medium. Can tell you, what we got was definitely way beyond medium. Almost welldone. And no,we didn't send it back. I know, we should have.The mushrooms were perfectly cooked and huge. Like the portion. More than enough to satisfy four. The bisque was oke but both appetizers, the spinach salad and Ahi Tuna Tartare were flat. The salad being nothing special and the Tuna was way to cold  discover any taste at all. I also don't understand the fried things (onions?) on the bottom.Best experiences were the setting, despite the location, the services and the bread. Especially the latter was excellent. Together with a glass of white and red we've paid $163 before tip.NOTE: excuse any grammar and spelling mistakes. I'm no native speaker and keep having troubles with my Apple device that keeps trying to change the English words into proper Dutch words. Yes, you've guessed right. My first language.
3	The bread was great, and the cocktails were amazing, but that was the extent of it.  I got the scallops, and they were a bit overcooked and really greasy, and they were served on a limp, super greasy piece of what I think was supposed to be garlic bread.  Not sure.  We also got the gnocchi, which was great.  A little rich, but I think that was intentional.  Friends got fish and a sushi roll, both alright, but I expected a lot more out of a place that was charging so much.  Definitely can get better quality, especially in Vegas.
2	I realize I am an outlier with my review. The staff was very friendly and we were escorted to our table at our exact reservation time. However, the lobster in the bisque was tough and chewy. The scalloped potatoes had an imitation cheese taste. My filet was terribly salty and undercooked. I ordered medium well and it was absolutely medium rare. Near purple center. I have never complained in a restaurant and would have if our waitress had ever come back. She stopped by when food was served and I was about to cut into my steak and never returned. After a long wait I finally had the bus boy clear it and asked him to find our waitress with the check. Total bill was $250 with a bottle of wine.
3	First of all the calamari was as good as the stuff we get in Mexico and the butter cake was amazing. BUT, the ambiance wasn't that great. Too much crammed into one space in the middle of, what feels like, a mall. I wouldn't pay the prices again for the food quality. It was good and had good flavor and service was good. But it was not anything amazing. We had the crab legs, the KC ribeye, creamed spinach, and scalloped potatoes. It was good food, like I said, but I would never pay the high prices for it again.
5	I always make sure to stop by when I am in Las Vegas I come here pretty frequently the service is excellent the restaurant is very classy the waiter went out of his way to get the chef to make us a special pasta dish that they do not serve on the menu I will never forget that and am happy that I discovered this restaurant in the crystals mall I usually eat the one in Beverly Hills and this one put to shame try the lobster mashed potatoes and a bone in filet mignon they have a pretty good lemon drop martini as well
5	Had dinner here with my cousins in early August and I totally forgot to write a review. The best service in all of Vegas along with the best steak. Among the three of us we shared the New York strip, asparagus, Mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes. Also had the lemon drop martini. For dessert, the butter cake just melted in my mouth. Let's just say I was half asleep during Cirque De Solei's Zarkana show because food coma!
5	Being a Vegas local, living on the strip, I get to try amazing Vegas eats weekly. I must say by far Mastros is a step above the rest & my personal favorite restaurant on the strips.Service is top notch, as good as it gets! Some of my fav dishes are the Scallops, KC Strip, Hamachi, Petite Filet Mignon, & of course the amazing Buttercake dessert. Must try.
5	We went last night as a party of seven for a farewell dinner before I head to the middle east.  We requested the tree house and a round table and it was perfect.  The service all night was outstanding, water glasses never got less than half empty.  We all ordered apps, salad/soups, main course and dessert.  The escargot was great, very garlicky and the sauteed shrimp were excellent.  The Caesar salad was good, but you could really taste the anchovy, if you don't like anchovies, stay away.  I had a bone in filet and it was the best, most melt in your mouth steak I have ever had.  All the steaks, sea bass, scallops and lobster were great.  The only critique I have is that my father's rack of lamb was quite under done.  We should have sent it back, but he refused.  Overall, a great place for fine dining, bring your $$$$.
3	My Girlfriend had told me about this place and although it had great reviews for a steakhouse. I thought it was just okay. The service was great which was a plus, but I thought the food was just okay. Maybe we're just used to the more traditional and old-fashioned steakhouses. There didn't seem to be much of a dress code and the steak (Ribeye) was too fatty for our taste. We didn't want anything lean, but this was too fatty. The best side to me was the creamed corn and the clam chowder soup was the highlight of my dinner. I will say it was my first time having clam chowder. The ambiance was not exciting at all. (Not for an *upscale* steakhouse. I don't think I'll come back unless I'm going to try the seafood or the butter cake.
4	What a wonderful dinning experience! Everything from the hostess' and LR's outstanding service! Definitely coming back. A MUST the Seafood Tower and the Butter Cake.
3	Excellent food.  Terrible service.  Reservations were made 6 months in advance to sit in the "tree house" section.    It was a 25th anniversary celebration for my friends.  Reservations were confirmed that day by the hotel concierge.  We get to the restaurant and they tell us that they don't make reservations for specific areas of the restaurant.  That was their impression, that they are liars.  We sat down to eat and we enjoyed our appetizers and main courses.  They served our coffee but nobody ever offered us dessert.  Our waitress was nowhere to be found for 20 minutes.  We grabbed a different server and asked for our check.  He came back 10 minutes later with the manager, saying that they had a special dessert prepared for the anniversary.  I questioned why they didn't say anything as we had been waiting a while.  They said that they had a problem in the kitchen.  That still didn't answer my question, but the dessert then came out.  It was a sampling of a few of their desserts and certainly nothing special.  While the food was good, it certainly was not good enough to put up with terrible service.
2	This was the most over rated restaurant I have ever dined at.  The food was just OK. Actually the pretzel rolls were the best part of the meal.  My husband's lemon sole was over cooked and his clam chowder was just ok.  I had the tomatoes and buratta cheese.  The cheese was very good.  My lobster tails:  one baked and one in a vanilla batter were both over cooked.  We shared the Butter Cake which was good but not spectacular.  Along with this our service was horrible.  We had to ask for bread which eventually came had no butter with it.  We had a different person for each course and were totally ignored in between.  In the meantime a woman manager in a business suit and the waiter were busy fawning over the people at the next table.  Eat at Sinatra's if you want a first class meal and exceptional service.Renee P.
5	Wonderful! Ultimate 5 star experience in Vegas! We thoroughly enjoyed our experience here. We loved the appetizer tower that can be mixed and matched. Oysters were fantastic. The cocktail shrimp vanilla  We sat inside the 'space ship' or 'UFO'... Be sure to request this seating during your reservation.To begin... Cocktails: Paloma was fantastic for the tart drink lovers. Elderflower martini was better for the sweet tooth! Appetizer: Cocktail jumbo shrimp, vanilla battered shrimp & oysters... Delish! Salad: We split the iceberg Wedge, please note that in photo... It's only half. The bacon used was a sweet hickory smoked Wisconsin bacon. Amazing. Soup: Lobster Bisque. Phenomenal. Rich & Creamy. Entree: Filet. Ordered med well but the cut was too thick and it ended up well done on outside and almost rare in the middle, but it was still fantastic.Side: King Crab & Black Truffle Gnocchi- TO DIE FOR. An absolute must. Yes, I actually chose this over my standard potatoes au gratin with steak and was do glad I did.Creamed spinach was fantastic. We ended our meal with Cappuccinos.Thank you for well educated wait staff and quality service.
5	This was the best dinner I had in vegas. We got:the lobster sushi roll- really tasty and light, great appthe spring mix salad (not sure on the name)- Not great... I wouldn't get it againthe sashimi tuna-AMAZING the best tuna I have ever had, and the sesame seeds added a great flavorthe gorgonzola mac and cheese- Mac and cheese with gorgonzola... do I really need to say how tasty this was?the butter cake-super moist and sweet, good texture and flavorOverall, I love this place. We sat in the birdnest thing, great experience and view.
4	Food was amazing. The discount on this review is based on the hostess service upon check in. I wanted to have dinner with my dad for his 73rd birthday. I made a reservation for 5pm for a party of two. I showed up early at 4:20pm and hostess said she could not seat us however we can sit by the bar and have drinks and appetizers. The two hostesses asked for my name multiple times for the reservation. We sat by the bar and the bartender says only non cooked items are available for appetizers. I wish the hostess mentioned this before offering the bar side option. 5pm passes by and I see the hostess seating other parties to the tables. I went back to the reception and the same hostess asked for my name twice. She points at another host and I assume to follow her. She doesn't acknowledge or provide a greeting. I realize she is the one supposed to seat is. Maybe the host station wasn't organized or wasn't ready for the evening but I didn't appreciate the confusion and cold reception upon check in. I understand names are complicated but I must have said my generic name seven times to two different people, "Cheryl Garcia". To add additional confusion, I received an email saying I did a 'no show' for my reservation on Open Table. I'm not certain how that happened even when I checked in on Yelp as well. The server provided better service and made excellent recommendations. I have an issue with over ordering but that's because I want to taste everything. For a party of two, I ended up ordering the chowder, calamari, sides of roasted brussels sprouts, sauted asparagus, twice baked potato, sea salt & vinegar fries, and twelve oz bone in filet. The bread service was warm with an assorted selection. I enjoyed all the sides except the twice baked potato- I thought it was too salty & the chowder was slightly watered down and boring. The calamari was flavorful and crispy. The bone in filet was served sizzling on a ceramic platter and was super tender cooked to perfection. The server brought out a complimentary butter cake for my Dad's birthday. The cake was warm and rich topped with a vanilla bean ice cream and strawberries. This was very special and made the overall experience much better.
4	Very good food but I have to be hard on a place like this. You're paying top dollar for everything from environment to world class service and thus you'd expect the food to be equally top echelon, but I could nit pick my steak and the food's temperature. Sitting at the bar was not top echelon service attentiveness, just good. The chef and owner need to pay more attention to detail if they want to be seen as Las Vegas' best restaurant, which they very well could be.
5	If you are a seafood lover, be sure to make a pit stop here.  Absolutely gorgeous design, impeccably-trained staff, delicious food and excellent booze selection make this establishment a winner.  Only issues are the mall location. Also, I made a reservation yet I was made to wait in the bar for 30 minutes, yet I noticed tourists in shorts with their Forever 21 bags sitting there eating dinner, they were obvious walk-ins so I wasn't pleased about waiting.  Bathroom is a hassle, requiring an elevator or flight of stairs.  But one of the best restaurants in Vegas.  Oh if you are expecting to eat cheap here, forget about it, you're looking at about 75 per person, without drinks.
5	We celebrated our anniversary here and hands down from the time we arrived until we left everything was phenomenal the server Jonathan is very knowledgeable he told us about the menu items in detail and his suggestions were great we enjoyed every minute of our time the dessert was the bomb must have the butter cake with  vanilla ice cream!
5	Steak....great!  Seared Ahi Tuna.....great!  Ahi tosatas......great!  Brussels Sprouts....meh!  Butter Cake.....had to change my pants!!!!  Service was phenomenal!!!!!!!!!Pants.....ruined.
4	Mastros wins on all aspects FOOD, Atmosphere and incredible service. The best place to sit is in the tree house that extends in the center of the mall, never seen anything like it.  The shellfish towers are awesome, you get to pick what you want on it...ie...alacart shellfish. If you go through all meal courses it will cost you a few bucks but worth the expense.
5	Had dinner there last night. Filet was excellent and our server Piotr was outstanding. Got to try the butter cake it was fantastic
5	PERFECTION!Mary brought me to Mastro's for my Birthday dinner as part of my Birthday trip to Las Vegas in August.  Our dinner at Mastro's in Vegas, as all our dinners at every Mastro's we have ever visited was pure perfection.  The ambiance and the food, the staff, the management.... Impeccable!
2	It was either a off night, or they were training a new steak cook.  I ordered my bone in rib eye medium and at best it was medium well.  My buddy's filet tasted like liver, that really strong iron taste.  Should have ordered the fish at a place called "Ocean Club".  Or next time I will stick to Wolfgang's Cut.  So disappointing.  Service was good.  Should have sent back my steak, but I hate wasting food.
5	Great dining! Very good Service! The food is delicious, get the bon in fillet steak 18oz with string beans and almonds, and mash potatoes! Chef knows what he is doing!
5	I can be a big spender when the time is right and when you're in Vegas, the time is right.  Instead of standing in line at a buffet and stuffing yourself with mediocre food, why not go all out and get an exquisite meal at a first class restaurant?  The quality of the food here is out of this world and so are the prices so be prepared to drop $150 per person or more if you go all out.  The steaks are huge, cooked to perfection and the Seafood is fresh and soooo tasty.  The service is impeccable!
5	We were celebrating my wife's's bday, service was outstanding, we were in a bit of a rush to catch a show, and they were very accommodating. The scallops were out of this world and the ribeye was worth every penny. Only regret is not having more time to enjoy the moment.
5	One of the top 3 restaurants in Vegas! Third time coming here this year and I have never been disappointed. Service from the waitress was on point and she was very thorough with explaining the specials on the menu. The shrimp cocktail is probably the best I've ever had along with the lobster bisque.  I had the rack of lamb as my main course which was amazing. Black truffle gnocchi as a side is brilliant also. The one thing you cannot leave this restaurant without ordering is the legendary butter cake!!
5	Celebrated my father's 70th birthday dinner here along with my wife and mother.The food was excellent and the sides are HUGE.  The four of us ordered 3 sides and it was way, way, too much food.We all had fish dishes on their menu and all were superb. Be sure you order their signature dessert.  Can't remember it's name but it is heavenly. Also, ask to be seated in The Nest and be sure you make reservations...the place will be packed.  Finally, only one complaint - Their Hostess's need to LOSE the attitude!  Try looking up and making eye contact when someone walks in to check in.
4	We went with a group of six and sat in the "treehouse". Our service team took very good care of us. We started with generous martinis. The generous side dishes are perfect for sharing. I really enjoyed my seared ahi tuna. The butter cake was a great way for the group to share dessert. The prices were lower than we expected and it was a good evening for our group.
5	What's that expression that a lot of us foolhardy guys toss about as soon as we get to Vegas? "Go big, or go home"? It basically gives us a free pass to indulge in things that are extravagant, luxurious and potentially dangerous. And Mastro's fits well within this criteria: the place holds meals fit for royalty, the decor is immaculate, and it can be hazardous to your wallet's health if you are not prepared. But for those of us still reading, and certainly for those of us who have had the honor, Mastro's is a must-dine destination if you're in town.Located pretty centrally in the City Center shopping district, it's almost impossible to miss Mastro's: the opulent, wood-like "fishbowl" perched precariously at an elevation is definitely eye-catching, and I'm pretty sure I inadvertently photobombed countless tourists as they stopped to take pictures of this structure, which is actually a dining room. Before you can get to your table, you stop by a tiny hostess desk flanked by two gals who wasted no time getting us seated once we checked in with our reservation. You'll more than likely walk past an offshoot to another, more private dining room, a pretty spectacular bar and then make your way into the main dining room that is expertly laid out: whoever did the layout here did so in such a way that seating is maximized but not once does it feel crowded. And this is even more impressive when you consider the polished staff is zipping about without hesitation or collision.And let's talk about the staff, right quick: simply put, these are professionals who know their craft inside and out. Our waiter, Lionel, was the epitome of providing an exceptional customer service experience. We were -THAT- table that upfront told him we had a show to catch later that evening, and without missing a beat, he assured us he would keep us on schedule and would not let the meal be compromised. His service, along with the refills and bussing provided by other staff members, made for the best, most efficient dining experience I have seen yet in years of visiting Vegas. Add in a visit from a manager who just stopped by to chat and make sure everything was cool, and you have a place with a team that cannot be topped.But all the friendliness and attention to detail means nothing if the food is bogus, and Mastro's has this base covered, too. Oh, do they ever. My folks started with a bowl of clam chowder and a caesar salad, while I went with the lobster bisque. All three were perfect pre-show snacks for the main courses, and just typing this sentence out is making me drool with fond remembrance. Ahem. Mom went with a red snapper that was cooked to perfection and my surf-and-turf combo of a filet and lobster tail (which Lionel was gracious enough to de-shell table side like a boss) ranks among the best I've had at any place around the world. But the most surprising part was when Dad sheepishly admitted he had somehow never had sea bass before... and now that bar is set unfathomably high as his Chilean sea bass here was his favorite meal of this trip. A side of creamed corn and scalloped potatoes rounded out dinner, and wiped out my stomach. Somehow, my folks found room for Mastro's signature dessert, a butter cake that made me question how a chef can bake happiness, joy and euphoria into one pastry. It's that good (even though I had two bites and almost went into a coma with the straight gin I was drinking).I cannot say enough positive things about Mastro's. From the staff to the overall "look" of the place, and most assuredly the culinary satisfaction each plate offers, it's a place that rewards all those who stop by for a drink or a bite to eat. Take those winnings from the casino and invest them here: I promise it's a much better deal than your favorite variation of Blackjack.
5	Any trip to Mastro's is always a good one!! The food and drinks are always perfect!!
5	The lobster mash-potatoes are worth the calories. I brought in 25 with dinner at this location, I loved the free dessert for special occasions, I loved the feeling of floating in the sky great view was kind of hard to find the location but we made it, most definitely a must try over and over again
5	Just wanted to update all of you and say that the manager reached out to me and apologized for the poor experience we had there.  He informed me that they would be opening up a location in NYC and would be sending me a gift certificate to enjoy on my first visit to the new location.  I will update after that experience, but I was very happy with the response I received from the manager.  He showed that the restaurant really does care about the opinion of its customers.
2	A bit disappointed with their steak, our group had an array of steak, rib eye bone in, rib eye, filet mignon, and a salmon dish. Granted it's Mastro's ocean club, their salmon was excellent, but their steak. Egh, dry not too flavorful. Service was excellent, we sat upstairs in our own room which was lovely.  However the service did not make up for the food. Will not be returning.
4	Interesting restaurant specially the design of it. Made with still beams and wrapped with wood panels I think. It's in the middle of the crystal mall. Good steaks. It is expansive but this is Vegas. Mash potatoes were buttery and creamy the way I like. Appetizers were good. The sea bass was good but I could taste the butter which I did not like a lot. But over all good.
5	Always great food! Very good service & dessert is yummy worth the price, big portions great value and quality food!!
5	OH wow how could I forget to make a review for this place?! LONG overdue this review is for March.... I was celebrating my 21st birthday you know in LAS VEGAS duh! Hahaha, my boyfriend made reservation for my birthday dinner on a Sunday night this was last minute because we wanted to stay in Vegas longer hahaha , we usually go to the one in Orange County because we are from California. OH wow this Mastros is GORGEOUS! Make sure to ask for a seat in the bird-nest!! Food - BEST BEST BEST Lamb racks ever!!! Ugh I had it medium rare but it came out more rare but I didn't mind. Ever bite taste like butter. Boy friend has the New York Steak - This wasn't so bad, I couldn't stop thinking about how good my lamb racks were that I can't remember if this was super good or not hahaha. We had a side of Mac and Cheese too greasy, would not order this I think we prefer the Lobster Mash potatoes instead. Service was wonderful! Better service than we had in Orange County. Everyone was nice, and even the manager came to ask if everything was fine. In the end of the meal our server ask if we wanted any dessert but we were super full for any. But he still came out and surprise me with a birthday cake! He even wrote " Happy 21st birthday. " Which I think is very special to me!  THANK YOU MASTRO'S LAS VEGAS!
4	Outstanding service, quality of food with only one drawback.  It was very noisy the night that we were there and was told a holiday party was going on close to restaurant.
5	I live in Chicago and have been to many fine dining restaurants. The Mastros in Chicago is my absolute favorite place to eat. I went to Las Vegas and noticed they also had a Mastros so I naturally made sure I go. There is no way I could actually like Mastros any more than I already do right? Wrong! Mastros Ocean Club was even better than the high bar that the Chicago location set. Aside from world class food, Tanya and Juan, who waited on me, were the absolute best servers I have ever had. They know the restaurant food very well and its almost amazing how they know almost every ingredient used in every dish. They also gave me great recommendations for the rest of my time in Vegas and were just overall great servers. Not only does Mastros have some of the best quality food around, and the ambiance is second to none, but Tanya and Juan made it such a great time that I can not wait to see them again this upcoming February! No matter what you will love Mastros but if they are working, make sure you sit with Juan and Tanya for a truly exceptional dining experience!!!
4	Best tasting food ever!! The shrimp cocktail are gigantic and delicious! The Caesar salad is very good. The clam chowder is amazing... But the only complaint I have is that either the waiters or the kitchen staff make a lot of mistakes with the steaks... It's either kinda undercooked or overcooked. I asked for a medium rare plus and they gave me a rare. They comped the steak because it was their error but it was just a shame I couldn't enjoy my steak. The butter cake there is amazing!! It's a must try for all!
5	This was our first time visiting Mastro's. We've visited other steakhouses like Flemings, Mortons, Ruth Chris, etc,  and this place ranks at the top. The servers are on point the entire meal, making sure that every detail of your meal is correct.I ordered the 19 oz bone in filet and my wife ordered the petite filet. Both steaks were cooked exactly to our liking and did NOT need any seasoning at the table. They were flavorful as they were served. We ordered mac and cheese, mushrooms, and asparagus as our side dishes. The side dishes are large enough to share with your entire table so be aware.We ordered the seared ahi tuna as a starter and it was delicious. Every bit of it was finished.We ordered a few drinks with dinner and the drinks were excellent. The lemon drop I ordered was served on dry ice so the drink was smoking, entertaining presentation.The location of this restaurant is a little odd, smack dab in the middle of a shopping mall in what appears to be a large wooden bong (not sure how else to explain it).We also received a call the next morning thanking us for dining with them. It was expensive, but excellent and we didn't mind since we were celebrating our marriage.
5	Amazing food and service. Bone marrow was amazing. Be careful, your eyes maybe bigger than your stomach
4	Came here to eat dinner with a couple of out of town friends.  We were greeted nicely and led to our table.  Given menus and told about the menu options and some of the favorites.  We were also told about the side items (made in large portions meant to be family style) And about the salads (also large and meant for 2 people).  our salads came quickly and cleared as soon as we finished and the entrees and side came soon after.The service and knowledge is top notch, the food is good and the fish is flown in daily.Good food good service pricing not bad, will come back!
4	I went to a Mastro's in Chicago with my brother. I loved their butter cake so much that after seeing a show in Vegas, I took my wife to experience the greatness that is Mastro's Butter Cake. If you haven't tried it and you are on death row, this should be your final meal (for dessert). If you are not on death row or in prison, you should definitely make a trip and try it out. The rest of their food is really good as well, but we came for THE dessert. I can't describe it, except it is scrumtralecent. I envy anyone who lives within an hour of Mastro's. If you live within an hour and haven't tried it yet you should be deported... to Idaho.
2	Went here for Christmas dinner, very disappointed. Food was not good. Vanilla battered shrimp were outrageously huge (3x the size of jumbo shrimp, might want to note that on the menu) and too thick and chewy for me. I ordered my 8oz filet medium well; the waiter confirmed it would be lightly pink in the center, and it came out charred, crunchy and bone dry. Absolutely terrible.  A proper steakhouse always asks you if the steak was cooked to your liking; my waiter never asked me. My girlfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass, also overcooked, and she pushed it aside after a few bites.  This place specializes in steak and seafood?  What a joke. Any high class restaurant in Vegas blows this place away, I've eaten at almost all of them. Of all the restaurants in the $100 per person class, I'd rate Mastro's dead last. Service was good, albeit a little slow. The bright spots of our meal were the pretzel bread and chocolate pudding cake, they were delicious. Dining in the birdhouse was nice, but not worth the terrible food.
5	Thanks to a coworker's recommendation and fellow Yelpers, we had a wonderful Christmas dinner here. We requested the Tree House area and it's where you want to sit. We had a drink at the bar while waiting to be seated and Randy served up an awesome Lemon Drop martini for me and a Key Lime Pie martini for my wife. We had the grilled salmon and ahi tuna sashimi, so good. And as many before me have said here, the signature butter cake dessert is phenomenal. Finally, a comment about service. Kudos to the entire staff and management are due. We walked up to the hostesses and we were welcomed by big smiles. Then off to the table, from the bar, and the hostess carried the drinks for us. Robert, our waiter, and a host of other men with bread and water and what ever we needed made this one special dinner experience. Thank you and see you again soon.
3	Although it is called Mastro's OCEAN Club, I actually think that one may be better off getting Steak here.  I had the Sea Bass and felt as though it was pretty dry and maybe over cooked.  The appetizers / sides were all good, but the highlight for me was the dessert.  I had the vanilla cake, and it was outrageously good.  It was like a chocolate lava cake, but vanilla.  I never had anything like that before, and it was great.  If the main dish was better, Mastro's would be a 4 star meal.The prices were what one would expect.  By no means is it a cheap meal, but it was "A-OK" (for the price).  This has to be rated based on cost / enjoyment.
1	Mastros you were very disappointing. We were very excited to give this place a try because of the reviews that were given. First off the service was horrible. And keep in mind I'm not asking for you guys to bend over backwards to keep us happy, but the attitude needs a lot of improvement from the host to the server. I didn't keep that in mind for long because we were here for the food anyway and I thought the food will make up for it. We order the hamachi appetizer, which was the only decent tasting dish. We ordered the sea bass, rack of lamb and scallop. They were all just super basic dishes. It was literally just a protein with no sauce whatsoever! I could have done this at home and this would have tasted better at a local BJs. I expected much better from you guys. Then when we were about to leave I asked for a box so I could take the bread to go so that we could snack on it later. I got attitude and was asked twice am I sure I did not want to take the courses to go. There's a reason why we didn't ask for box to go and we obviously thought it was NOT good enough to take it to go, and I understand why our server gave us attitude. He thought we were wasteful, but the food sucked so just leave us alone and don't ask twice with an attitude. I would skipped this place if you're in Vegas, you can find much better places to eat around here. I understand sometimes it sucks to be working on a holiday or the weekend, but keep in mind we all work too and we spend good money to have a good meal out here too. We don't deserve any of this nasty attitude or food.
5	As always, Maestros is on point. The blue cheese Martin, lobster mashed potatoes, and the 12 oz steak, medium rare.
5	Maestros in Las Vegas is amazing!  Heather our waitress was authentic helpful and professional. She went above and beyond to be personable and kind. We had the best steak ever.  The service and the butter cake is out of this world!  Service is exceptional- a wonderful retreat in crazy Las Vegas!  Go there. You won't be disappointed.
5	I have to say, the staff was absolutely fabulous! We came to mastro's at the last minute after having a terrible experience elsewhere. We had to salvage our anniversary dinner somehow and mastro's was able to squeeze us in on a busy vegas night. Not only did they listen to our story(which is another review entirely) but made up for it tenfold. Our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list, and helped us select the perfect dinner choices. I must say the gnocchi w snow crab and truffles was exceptional, literally the best I have ever tasted. We also ordered a pair of lobster tails that were also excellent. To our surprise they comped us their signature desert w a happy anniversary message written in chocolate across the plate. Everything we tasted was outstanding.Again I have to thank the staff for a truly memorable experience. Every person from the busboys to the manager were very professional and treated us like regulars. I would give Mastro's my highest recommendation and encourage anyone to give them a try.
