5	What a wonderful surprise, especially on opening day.  Service was impeccable, atmosphere was drop-dead gorgeous, and the food was delish!  (Any restaurant that serves kale is A+ in my book!)  The turkey meatballs were sublime.  Next time, I am saving room for dessert.  Dress to impress and stay tuned to see how Vintner Grill handles its new competition!
4	Honey Salt is the newest restaurant to open in Summerlin, tucked away in the corner suite that was once occupied by Nora's Wine Bar at the NW corner of Rampart and Charleston.  Offering a menu inspired by comfort food with farm to table ingredients, as well as a seasonal cocktail menu, I can easily see this restaurant becoming a locals favorite.There are three menus that are available depending on the time of day you dine in.  Lunch is served from 11:30am - 3:00pm (http://honeysalt.com/menus/lunch-menu/), dinner is served from 5:00pm till closing (http://honeysalt.com/menus/dinner-menu/), and there is an "in-between" menu served between lunch and dinner that seems to be a scaled back offering of the lunch options.  I stopped in during lunch and dined at the bar, where I started with a Midnight Rambler: a specialty cocktail made with bourbon, bitters, honey and orange peel.  The honey added just the right amount of sweetness to balance out the drink without overpowering the bourbon; my kind of drink!For lunch I had their Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich: creamy slaw, durkees dressing, brioche roll, served with a chopped salad (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/honey-salt-las-vegas?select=lQ4mQi9Nm-ycsd6-r2kDIQ#lQ4mQi9Nm-ycsd6-r2kDIQ).  This is a very, very good chicken sandwich.  There are two pieces of chicken that are lightly breaded and very juicy, which gets complimented by pickled and mustard flavors from the other ingredients.  It's one of those dishes that is so good that I'll have to convince myself to order something else the next time I visit...A big surprise was the salad that is served with this sandwich.  Don't let the "chopped salad" description fool you, it's a salad served with cubed cheddar, edamame, carrots, radishes, avocado and I think kale.  Very good salad that came together well texturally; I would order this on its own if I wanted a lighter meal.Overall Honey Salt screams quality.  I'm pretty darn sure this review will get bumped to 5-stars after I try some more things on the menu.  Will they be successful?  Time will tell.  Or you could listen to me and eat there now, before word spreads and you're no longer able to walk in without having to wait for a table.
5	The power of yelp brought me here!I've been reading about this place on yelp for a while now even before it opened. So last night while out drinking, I was trying to decide where to eat I thought it would be a good idea to try the new restaurant everyone was talking about.The place is very nice, it has this charming feel to it decorated with antique mirrors  distressed antique chairs and waiters wearing plaid shirts giving it that casual family-friendly feeling. I can't wait to move in!For comparative purposes I ordered the backyard favorite burger, being the most common item on the  menu (and cheapest 15.00 for dinner) and let me tell you. It was the best burger I've ever had! Even better than Buchi burger and I love Buchi burger.The service was outstanding and smooth as if the place had been open for months. No need to wait for the restaurant to fix the common new restaurant problems, the place was in business the day they open! I can't wait to come back ( with my blood Alcohol level lower than .08) and try all the other items. I was told that the caramelized sea scallops are to die for, I will have to order that next time even though the price for that is about four gin and tonics.All in all this is a wonderful new restaurant and I'm glad I tried it. Thank you yelp for guiding me to this great place!   Honey Salt..... your "people love us on yelp" sticker is in the mail!
5	Our server said that the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich with creamy slaw, durkees (kinid of a honey mustard) dressing on a brioche roll was "Wow".She was right.It is so nice to have a legitimate restaurant in the corner of Chili's, P.F. Changs, and Claim Jumper.
5	My review will be the opposite of the one submitted by Godzilla.  Since I lived in Yountville for 12 years I have had lots of great meals. Honey Salt gets five stars for atmosphere, service (we had our meal at the bar which is our preference) and most of all for the food. My husband had the hamburger and said it was his best memory of a hamburger - and the French fries (or Man Fries as I think they are called) were just plain perfect - I should know - I ate half his order. I also had the tuna tartar - it was light and had no heavy oil so many restaurants add. The freshness of the fish was the taste. The poached egg on the duck confit salad warmed the dish and added richness and flavor. We passed on dessert this time but only because this was my second meal out today!  I already know I will be having the cookie plate on my return. Home run for our area and our taste buds!  Congratulations to all involved pulling off such a great experience the first few days opened speaks volumes to how wonderful this restaurant will be for years to come.UPDATE:  Been back so many times since I wrote this and the experience only gets better.  The hamburger is out of the world.
5	This place was amazing.We had some friends come from out of town this weekend so my hubby and I were set to try some new restaurants in Vegas. We heard about this new restaurant and couldn't wait to try it. We were warmly greeted at 5:30pm with smiles and handshakes and immediately seated. Our server and her helper can over with water and wine suggestions. She also went into telling us about the menu and the restaurant. I instantly became smitten with the appetizer portion of the menu....not because the main courses didn't look good but I wanted one of every appetizer.We started with the New England Fry, Yellowtail Crudo, Big Eye Tuna Tartar and Burrata...we soon added a second yellowtail....yes it is that good!We finally made the choice on our entrees...Scallops, Salmon and Chicken Curry with a couple sides of Mac and Cheese and Edamame. While everyone raved about their dishes, I can only speak to my dish, the curry! I am a huge curry fan and let me tell you the flavors and level of spice was amazingly perfect. I wish I had more room to eat more of my dinner but I wanted a little dessert too.We had some ice cream, brown bag apple pis and warm bread pudding...all I can say is I needed to be rolled out of there.....everything was delish!Our service was great as well as the atmosphere.Best of Luck.....I will be back !
5	Incredible friendly, casual environment with superb service and fantastic menu.  Our table grew in size as friends unexpectedly arrived, the staff was more than gracious and accommodating.  We sampled drinks, appetizers, entrees and even some items off the menu.  Table-wide, consensus was "Fantastic!"
4	Since I work in Food & Beverage here in Las Vegas(for over 14 years) and have opened my share of celebrity chef restaurants, I always make allowances for the "learning phase" of a new restaurant during the first month or so. Surprisingly though, my comments on what could have been better during my visit aren't about the atmosphere, service staff, or the food. All of those were just fine...and I'm sure will get even better as the restaurant matures. The only serious issue I saw...Elizabeth...If you are going to walk around checking on people's experiences (as you know a restaurant owner should!) make sure you stop and check on everyone....not just the people you already knew socially! You walked past my table (my GF and I) in the middle of the dinning room more than a dozen times without even a glance or smile to acknowledge us even existing...and yet went to every table surrounding us to say "Hi" to groups you obviously knew already! Shame on you because this is "Restaurant 101" and I know you know better!  Making new guests feel just as important as the returning ones is going to be crucial to building business levels you'll need to succeed in that spot longer than Nora's did!Chef....really enjoyed all the different presentations of quinoa! Looking forward to coming back!
2	I was less than impressed - given the background of the owners and the  expertise that this team brings to the table - I was UNDERWHELMED by the food, the design (which was nothing we havent seen before and looked like an outpost of Vintner Grill ) - and the mediocre service. So disappointing that tthey cold not come up with a more interesting menu or bring something new to the table that has not been done.  It was not horrible - I was just was hoping for a lot more.
5	Dessert! Bread pudding with a cappuccino. Perfect match.
5	Had lunch yesterday at honeysalt with my 12 year old.  Lunch menu has many wonderful things to chose from for both of us.  The steak salad was to die for.  The decor felt like one was walking into a restaurant in Santa Monica or Malibu not like a standard strip mall restaurant from vegas.  Service was great and owners were walking around checking on all the tables which really makes you feel like a VIP.  The chocolate cake and apple pie were some of best desserts I have had in Vegas.  I am still craving the rosemary flat bread.  Can't wait to go back and try dinner!
5	Honey Salt is definitely a haven for great food, with the culinary stage set in a very comfortable atmosphere.  The restaurant staff make you feel as if you're eating dinner at the home of a good friend.  I highly recommend the desserts.  Especially the ice cream.
3	Food was good! but the service was below average. Had to ask for a refill a couple times and only saw the waiter once. Ended up side tipping the runner since he basically was our waiter for the night. We went on a weekend at about 9 PM and it was pretty packed, so the hostess said we would wait for a bit, which was fine, until we realized the yuppy owner was allowing her friends to be seated without a wait. (usually this is fine, but it happened 4 or 5 times). Overall the food was good, just needs to work on customer service!
1	We went for dinner before a show and were expecting an awesome dinner. Upon arriving we were very impressed by the cute decor and how busy the restaurant was, however things went downhill very quickly. We waited at least 15 minutes before our waiter came to take or order, and judging by the speediness of the staff we placed our drink appetizer and entree orders all at once. Luckily the waitstaff in charge of water came around to fill our waters at least five times. We waited another 15 minutes before our appetizers came (missing one we ordered) and another 5 before our beverages arrived (missing one we ordered, yet again). The wine ordered came in strange "mouthwash" glasses that were hot...yes...HOT. When we notified our waiter of the missing orders he apologized and ran off yet again. Finally, nearly 45 minutes after we ordered our entrees the food finally came...and with all the built up anticipation fell completely flat. The scallops were sandy, the chicken was dryer than the saltine challenge and the bolognese and curry chicken unremarkable. Portions are tiny and served in a manner that would suggest dining at a much nicer establishment. I had high hopes for this place but it was sorely lacking in service and quality for the price. Maybe if they spent more time working on service and less time hand stamping their menus with honeysalt logos I would have enjoyed it more. Might try in three months but I would stay away for now...
4	Yum! Happy to have a new option that I don't have to schlep to The Strip for. Had dinner at HoneySalt (not sure if it's one word or two) with a friend. They have beautiful lights hung outside and a cute patio (good for spring/fall...summer/winter stay inside). They know what to highlight since the first thing you see when you walk in is the table covered in delicious pastries. They're still working a few of the bugs out, but overall everything was good. The portions are small, which gives you the opportunity to try a little bit of everything on the menu. We had the Veggies and Hummus to start, as well as the Yellowtail Crudo. Both were really tasty and great for sharing. For dinner, we split the Whole Wheat Pizza which was delicious as well, topped with lots of veggies. Lastly, we ordered a side of the kale and pepper mac n' cheese. If I can make one recommendation...do not skip this, it's so so so good.Most importantly, their cocktails and desserts are divine. Cocktails are strong, so pace yourself, which might be difficult when they taste so yummy. For dessert, we ordered the Brown Bag Apple Pie, also not to be skipped. Here's a tip, swap the vanilla ice cream on the side for the salted caramel. Delicious.
3	The evening started out pretty good.  The place was packed and we were quoted a 25 minute wait.  The bartender was nice and our wait was only ten minutes.  The place was packed in the middle of the week for dinner, so I guess this is the new hot spot in Summerlin.After waiting a while, a server delivered some bread, some basic white rolls, but didn't really explain what it was served with. It took a few tastes to figure out but, I think, that the spread was some sort of bean dip.  Not really my thing.We tried the New England Fry - calamari, Ipswich clams, and Shishito peppers.  It was ok.  The Caesar salad was amazing.  They also offered a kale option for the Caesar salad.  Not sure what that option was about - if they just added kale or substituted kale for lettuce.  It was really too noisy to get details.I tried the chicken curry and it was mostly carrots.  A lot of carrots.  The raita that came with the dish was good, but once that ran out I stopped eating.Service was odd.  Various servers kept pouring ice water into my club soda, which was annoying, especially since the house water does not taste good at all.  And my husband ordered a beer, in a bottle no less, before our entrees came.  But the beer did not arrive until after we finished our entrees.  It was comped but by then we were ready to bail.  It took a while to get a check.  Our server had tables scattered through the restaurant so our server was hard to catch.They have outdoor seating but even though the weather was nice, the tables were set, and there was a wait, no one was seated out there.  It was the same type of outdoor seating Nora's had - a stunning view of the parking lot and Banana Republic.  Maybe the servers didn't want to bother with it?  So the jury is out on the outdoor seating option.  Frankly, I didn't notice until after we left or I would have asked about it.My fault for coming to a restaurant within the first few weeks it is open.  I think I'll give it a few months and try again.  The chicken sandwich was not offered for dinner so I'll have to try lunch.
4	Honey Salt earns a solid 4 stars in my book.  What they do, they do well.  Plenty of enjoyable options to eat, an incredibly welcoming atmosphere, and an attentive wait staff are all wonderful reasons to come by Honey Salt. Some of my highlights from Honey Salt: 1. The Scallops!...actually the scallops are good, but the cauliflower puree and truffle sauce that they come on are simply delightful and elevate the dish a great deal!2. The Midnight Rambler--Bourbon/Honey/Orange/Bitters/Ginger!..It is a Bourbon-forward, balanced drink...I think it is anyway...see my note below on consistency   3. The Anaheim Pepper Mac-n-Cheese!  Why doesn't everyone use Anaheim Peppers with pasta and cheese?  They play so well together!4. The Steak Tartar!  Capers and Pickled Papaya?...um, yes please!5. The wall of mirrors won't ever get old for me.  Love the feel of that side of the room especially...and the general inviting feel of the space as a whole.The bottom line for me on 4 stars and not 5?...1. I enjoy unique/creative approaches and most of what I've tried at Honey Salt is fairly straight forward, with a subtle change here or there...I guess I was just hoping for a little more from this Farm-to-table style spot.2. Consistency...I'm hoping they iron this out.  If they don't I would drop it a star or two instantly.  I enjoyed The Midnight Rambler a great deal on my 1st visit.  On my 2nd time to Honey Salt I received an unbalanced shot of bourbon with some hints of the other ingredients.  The lesson learned here?...See Leann (sp?) at the bar for a sure bet.  Same thing happened with the Free Range Brick Oven Chicken...wonderfully moist the 1st time--dry and tough the second...I would hate to have someone else order this thinking that I liked it if was not executed perfectly!3.  There are a lot of tables in Honey Salt.  They also have a great wait staff that is on the ball and moving quickly to keep you satisfied...the overall outcome of this is like watching an ant farm while you eat.  It can be a little over stimulating.  Additionally, the tables aren't jam-packed...but they are closer than I want for a nice evening out.4.  The bar is way too small for the space.  This results in a wait that could have been easily avoided.
3	New restaurant in Boca Park. The inside looks really nice and big so it'll be an appealing sight to the eyes.You get complimentary bread & crackers with bean dip with your meal.Service is mediocre but they're friendly. Friendly and nice, but their service system lacks efficiency. It took what felt like 30mins to get our check. That is REALLY lacking and annoying. Food is definitely 4 stars as of right now.ORDERED:The Mary free range chicken, aka Grain Salad. That's a 4/5 rating :o). This originally would've been a 4 star rating but since I wanted to leave in a timely manner and couldn't, I'm docking that extra star. I mean, we told a total of two servers that we wanted our bill and that we wanted it split. After the second server came over to confirm that, it still took him awhile until he actually got our checks. What's up with that? And it's not like they were short staffed because there were a few of them running around. The 5 of us just sat there wondering when we'll get our checks.P.S. With your checks, you'll get a little guest book that a lot of people can sign (almost like a yearbook) and leave comments. It's a neat idea so thumbs up for that.Last note: whie the food was decent enough for the most part, there's really nothing that stood out that will make me want to come back. :/
3	I am teetering between a 2 and a 3 star review for Honey Salt. The food was overall enjoyable. The service was attentive in certain aspects, but the pace was truly horrific. 30 minutes before we received our first cocktails. 45 minutes before our food was able to be ordered. With our three course meal, the experience took three and a half hours. Good thing we were not on a time restraint. Normally, I wholeheartedly support the slow food culture, but I need an appetizer to come out in a timely manner to help quell the hunger. By the time the food started to roll out, we were enjoying the cocktails and each others company. Cocktails:Mos-quito- A mojito made with ginger beer. It had a bite and the right amount of herbal notes to make it a refreshing drink.Queen Bee- Sweet as honey and goes down like candy.I forget the name, but it is made with jalapeno vodka, St. Germain, and cucumber soda. Hands down, the best. Bottles of wine are also very affordable. Going to Lee's to get a bottle of Nickel and Nickel ran about the same as us ordering it at the restaurant. Appetizers:Steak Tartare- Group favorite. Even the anti-raw food committee enjoyed it. The best of all the first course dishes. With the bread, it helped to fill empty stomachs. On it's own, it is a parade for the taste buds.Yellowtail Sashimi- I am not a big fan of this fish and still found the dish palatable. The slight spice of the radish and crispy of the jicama gave new sensations to a normally disagreeable taste.HS Shrimp Cocktail- Once you have one, you have had them all. Nothing wow worthy.Paleta Iberico Ham- All the components were there. They were all pleasant, but the minus eight vinegar was not as prevalent as we were expecting. Buratta Salad- I adore buratta. Mozzarella stretched, filled with cream and more soft cheese which oozes once cut. Delicious.Margharita Pizza- Simple, classic, and not bad.Entrees:Caramelized Sea Scallops- Scallops are best when not cooked all the way through. Ours came out to the table at an odd temperature. The flavors were good, but the whole dish was cool. Do they cut their scallops in half? because the pieces looked small.Scottish Salmon- Forgettable. The pitch is more impressive than the follow through.Turkey Bolognese- Farro pasta cooked well and the blend of ingredients complemented each other well.Free Range Brick Oven Chicken- It is hard to impress with chicken, but the skin on the bird was phenomenal. It was crisp and had a crunch that would rival a kettle chip. The mac and cheese needed a kick. When paired with the sweet pepper side, it was amazing.12oz. NY Strip- By far, the best deal on the whole menu. It was tender, juicy, cooked to perfection, and cannot be beat at $28. Sides:All of them, yet the sweet peppers were the only ones that stood out on its own or when combined with something else.Desserts:Tried them all, there was nothing super impressive. The bread pudding was the strongest offering. The bourbon toffee sauce was an essential factor.  I would have been happier with just sipping on the nutcello.
5	One word for this new establishment....AMAZE!  I had several friends eat here the first week it opened and while they LOVED the food, service pretty much sucked (a waiter can't open a bottle of wine?? pretty comical) so I waited a bit  hoping the kinks would be worked out and were they ever!! Saturday night dinner rezzie for 8:30 with my girlfriends.  The place was poppin with a very good looking, professional crowd.  I was all smiles as I walked in.  The decor is gorgeous...cute chandeliers, lots of reclaimed wood, just a great atmosphere.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in by a very friendly staff.We started off with the yellowtail crudo and it was melt in your mouth delicious!  We shared the scallops, salmon, meatballs (legit), mac and cheese, and a couple bottles of shiraz.  Service was fantastic!!  Very quick and attentive.  I will definitely be back!!  So for those giving this place 2 stars...you might wanna get your tastebuds checked.
4	Honey Salt is a solid four stars and for Summerlin it deserves five stars. I've been there for four dinners and one lunch since they opened. And I have to agree with many of the other reviews that they have some service issues but they have only opened for two weeks and I'm sure they didn't expect such immediate success from day one. But more importantly the service continues to improve and I'm sure before the winter holidays, they will be resolved but regardless I'll still go because ...1. My favorite - grilled cheese and Tuscan bean soup for $13 - OMG (only available for lunch)2. Spicy Mac & Cheese - this is the best Mac and cheese I've had especially since I love everything spicy -- this is only on the dinner menu - I prefer the side of it rather than with Mary's roasted chicken because the side order has a crispy browning that I like but it is really a preference.3. Here is a list of dishes I've tried and like - curry ( although really good not something I'd order for $20 often); filet minion - very good - the waiter said it was 8 oz but it looked much smaller than that even though it shrinks after cooking, or maybe my eyes were really much larger and I could have had two of those because they were awesome; scallops were perfectly cooked; Mary's roasted chicken is my son's favorite the one from the adult menu not the children's menu; salmon is good because it's simple - but you have to like good fish for the fish sake and not all the sauces- although the quinoa that comes with it is excellent.4. I really enjoyed the My Wife's Favorite Salade with the egg - it has duck confit and it really hits the spot - although it wasn't available for lunch. I've also had the Caesars and the power salad (I can't remember if that's the name - it's quinoa and avocado). My friend thinks the Caesars is really good but I wasn't a fan because I like the stinky anchovies versus the mild ones they serve - just a difference in preference. The quinoa salad is really creamy - it was good but was way too healthy for me.5. Pizzas are good. It's got a chewy texture but not crunchy - if it could just have that crunch it would have been awesome- don't get me wrong they're great flat breads.6. I liked the iberico ham - my friend liked the shrimp cocktail but I just always think there isn't anything special with shrimp cocktail - that's just me - I guess the same could be said with the ham - but it was tasty. I keep meaning to order the New England fry but no one else at my table wants them - next time I'm picky dinner partners based on if they'll have fried food.  ; )7. Cocktails - oh yes... I've tried three different ones but my fave is the champagne with blood orange - it comes with a rind of lemon and a brown sugar cube - it's the bomb... Or is that da bomb... If I could drink more- I might have blown my dinner money just on that.8. Now for dessert - go for the apple pie. Just great. Had the salted caramel brownies but it didn't quite do it for me although everyone else at the table thought they were amazing. It was too caked for me- I'm the kind that like a bit of uncooked brownie with a flaky top and I like my caramel a bit more sticky. The pumpkin cheesecake was a disappointment - not really pumpkin tasting or whatever it is the table thought it wasn't the best. The layered cake has an amazing chocolate part of the cake - reminded me of the brownie but with a decadent ganache filling but it also came with banana cake and I'm not a fan of banana cake -- the descriptions I thought said caramelized bananas but I got it wrong -- it's a layer of banana cake and caramel. The oatmeal cranberry (I think) is good but the chocolate chip was okay. Of all the things they're good at the only gripe I have is that they're desserts could be better.But as I've said earlier Honey Salt is a five star restaurant in Summerlin and I'm so happy it is here. I'm a regular for sure.
4	A friend of mine suggested going to Honey Salt when I didn't even know what it was.  Being that this was last minute plans, no reservations were made (which I highly suggest right now as they were supper busy when we arrived).  Thankfully, two people were just leaving the bar and the hostess snagged the two seats for us.  The restaurant had a very open and well lit floor plan.  It was basically a large rectangle.  The one page menu was great.  Very concise but still had many options.  We didn't have a terrible large amount of time to dine so we decided to skip the appetizer round.  My friend ordered the free range brick oven chicken.  The chicken was good.  It wasn't dry but it was basically rotisserie chicken.  What made the dish however, was the kale & Anaheim pepper mac n' cheese.  That was delicious!  I would definitely recommend getting the mac n' cheese even by itself.  I ordered the charcuterie pizza.  The dough was very good.  Thin and crispy just the way I liked it.  The only comment that I have for the pizza was that being charcuterie was in the name, it could have used more cured meats.  I would not have minded paying an extra $2 for more meat.  The description also said fennel salad on the pizza which I did not see and I do not believe I tasted anything like fennel on the pizza that night.  I think it would have been a great addition to have the salad on the pizza after it came out of the oven and perhaps a slice or two of the cured meat on top if the salad.The service at the bar was wonderful.  Very attentive even as drink orders from the restaurant kept spilling in.  I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and would definitely return (with a reservation) to dine again and try other items on the menu.
3	Honey Salt is a newly-opened restaurant near Boca Park. I would best describe the menu as American where the food is farm-to-table inspired. I ordered the Grilled Barely Buzzed Cheddar Cheese which includes cheesy true fondue, rustic sourdough and a cup of tuscan bean soup. In short, it's a grilled cheese on sourdough with a cup of bean soup. It was still one of the best grilled cheeses I've tried. The prices are on the steep side for what you get at Honey Salt but it does tout healthier and tasty options. Since they're fairly new and probably still working out kinks in their system, service can be extremely slow at times. Nevertheless, I'll be returning to try their warm bread pudding which I hear is divine.
4	What a day for my phone to die.  No Yelp check-in, no pictures of my food or the space, but I do have a review!  My friend and I originally RSVP'ed for the UYE event, had to cancel, and then were able to go at the last minute on our own.  We arrived upon the restaurant opening at 11:30am and the first impression upon walking in is the refreshing, open area with clean, bright lines and a homey feeling, modern and old-school simultaneously.  The staff is mostly clad in flannel shirts and aprons, so there's a down South feel to the place that is comforting.  I went with the Grilled Barely Buzzed Cheddar Cheese sandwich served with Tuscan bean soup and my gal pal had the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich.  I have to say that, upon tasting her sandwich, I wish I had ordered it!  I'm not a fan of chicken sandwiches in general, but Honey Salt's is an exception--I'd highly recommend it!  My lunch was tasty, too, but hers was fantastic!  Service was attentive and friendly throughout the meal and I can safely say that I'll be back to have the fried chicken sandwich all to myself.  Honey Salt is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
4	Kim Canteenwalla is the master behind Society at the Wynn and Elizabeth Blau is a restaurant consultant. This husband and wife tag team are the creators of Honey Salt. As a former Summerlin resident and current frequenter of Boca Park & Tivoli Village, I spend a few days out of my week chilling in Summerville. Variety-wise, Honey Salt adds to the rather short list of fine dining selections on the West side of town. Vintner Grill is in short proximity to Honey Salt, and they've definitely got some competition going. The night my friend and I went it was literally at max capacity. 99% of the tables were filled and the bar was topped out. The hostesses were a little less than hospitable when we mentioned we didn't have a reservation. I know, new hot-spot faux-pas but we made plans a little last minute! They squeezed us in anyways but they didn't seem particularly happy about it. Our server however was incredibly friendly! However, I had to ask for the wine menu about 3 times until it got to me... twenty-minutes later. It took a while but the bread basket finally made it to the table. It had a moderately impressive variety of breads served with a seasoned white bean puree. It was excellent with the crispy flat bread but didn't mesh with the potato rolls. But hey! I enjoyed this healthy alternative to thousand-calorie butter.As an appetizer, we started with the beef tartare ($14). HS's interpretation is of a sweeter variety. They take filet mignon and mix it with egg yolk, pickled papaya, capers, and a thick soy sauce. You can really taste the flavors of the papaya pull through. I usually prefer a savory beef tartare but it was still pretty good.I'm going to excuse the lack of timeliness on the short period of time they've been in operation. Our server was friendly in person but he rarely came to check on us and failed to let us know our food was going to take an age-and-a-half to get to the table. I ordered the sea scallops ($28) for myself. As we observed the restaurant operation fail, we weren't expecting any of our food to be cooked very well. But surprisingly, my dish was cooked perfectly! The scallops were served alongside charred cauliflower atop a bed of vanilla bean cauliflower puree. WARNING: If you don't like truffles, be sure to tell the server! This dish is served with a heavy, and I mean heavy, serving of truffle butter. My friend is really sensitive to truffles. But while he loves scallops, the truffles ruined it for him--they were everywhere! I on the other hand love truffles so I thought it was amazing. Unfortunately, the dish was finished with a sprinkle of rock salt. But not only did they put too much on there, the rock salt didn't dissolve fully so it was a little sodium-heavy. *crunch*My friend doesn't eat red meat so he went with the the chicken ($22). Generally speaking, restaurants have a hard time impressing me with chicken. Chicken is so... lack-luster. But whatever they're doing to this chicken they better keep doing it. The skin was flavorful and crisp while the inside was moist and juicy. The anaheim pepper mac n' cheese was pretty good and it was served with some sauteed kale. One of the better chickens I've had and it wasn't even on the strip!Other than the scruffy service and sodium overload, I love everything about this restaurant. The feel of the diners, food, and decor all work together to create a luxurious but comfortable eating experience. It makes you feel high-brow while still being down-to-earth--if that's possible. I'm sure it will take a month or two to get their bearings but I have high hopes for Honey Salt!
5	Wow. That's really the thought I left with. What a refreshing restaurant that this city needs more of.Right off the bat - this place is extremely inviting. Outside they have lights hanging over the few dining tables placed in case the night weather is right. Inside, it's dim, modern, and classy - but strangely not too classy. There is a reason for this. They want you to be comfortable. This theme resonates in everything they do.The tables are prepared with their own branded napkins, folded neatly. They bring a small bread basket with a couple of dinner rolls and baked and seasoned lavash, with a bean dipping sauce. Delicious. We ordered tea which was served with high quality tea, and a little bear full of honey. Nice. Everything is served quietly with time and attention.The menu is just one page. This is a good thing. A restaurant that has specialties should stick to them without going into the generic selections (if you want the opposite - go to Cheesecake Factory or the like). Asking for recommendations revealed that every item's ingredients are well thought-out. The fish and meats are specifically chosen for their sources and raising methods. The sides have a healthy spin - quinoa and kale are in heavy use.With some difficulty, we settled on tuna tartare to start with, and their scallops and salmon for our main courses. Yeah - this is where that specialty comes in.The tuna tartare was perfect. Chopped fresh tuna, served chilled with their house flavors smothered on it just enough to add to it without overwhelming it. The light citrus taste was absolutely spot on. I could have eaten a plate full of this stuff and been in heaven. The occasional chunk of avocado was a pleasant surprise, adding to the mix of light, but complimentary flavors.The salmon was cooked in such a way to make the top and bottom as crispy as could be. The crunch from the outside leading into the tenderness on the inside was very new to me in the world of seafood. Very interesting, and very delicious. Especially with their house spread they included on the sides. I'm not sure what it  was, but it went perfectly with the salmon. The bed of quinoa and kale underneath kept to the theme of light, healthy, and delicious.Finally - the scallops. The real test. If a restaurant can serve scallops right, they're legit. They know what they're doing. Fortunately, one bite was all it took to conclude... yes. They were spot on. Melt-in-your-mouth scallops atop cauliflower mash. Delicious. Four more scallops, please. This dish stole the show.The entire experience was also accompanied by extremely friendly and attentive service. A number of waiters served us more tea and checked in on us, all of which were friendly and helpful. Portions were right, comfort was high, and smiles were created.We left impressed on all but one note - the price. It was high. You may be thinking, "for that quality, of course the price is high." Sure. But at that price point they're competing with one of my favorite upscale restaurants - Panevino. A majority of the items were well above $20. Yes, I agree, quality has a cost. But for a neighborhood restaurant it is pretty astronomical. It would prevent me from coming back more often. But a good start regardless.By the way, this is a great place for a date.
4	If Honey Salt is supposed to give people a glimpse into the culinary home life of owners Elizabeth Blau and Kim Canteenwalla (as mentioned in an article in Las Vegas Citylife) then I'm hoping they'll adopt me so I can experience that culinary excellence on a daily basis.The tuna tartar ($15; ginger, cilantro, soy, lime, crunchy quinoa) was strip-quality delicious. The burrata, rosso bruno and teardrop tomatoes salad ($15; figs, basil, blood orange balsamic, extra virgin olive oil) was tasty and fresh, as well. The portion size was plenty big to share.The wife and I split the filet ($32; potato bacon hash, roasted anaheim salsa, house steak sauce). Much cheaper than a filet on the Strip, it was a perfectly cooked filet that was as tender as expected. It was sitting on top of a crispy hash and surrounded by a wonderful sauce. The salsa that accompanied the dish gave it some bold flavors and earthy notes without taking anything away from the beefiness of the steak.Our kid had the kid's cheese pizza ($8). The chewy and airy crust was delicious. But, the elongated look typical of flatbreads made him pause and question if it was really a pizza. He's picky and suspicious like that.Desserts were excellent as well. The toffee sauce made the bread pudding ($9) a hit. It was so warm and comforting, it was like giving a big bear hug to your stomach. I'm a sucker for pumpkin cheesecake ($9; toasted butter pecan crust, salted caramel, spiced pumpkin seeds) and this sweet and creamy version didn't disappoint. The petite size of the dish was perfect for one person. The kid went with the "Grow-your-own-sundae" ($5). It's a great interactive dish for little ones with Oreo "dirt" that they get to sprinkle on to their ice cream. Gummie worms and candy rocks are included on the plate to add into the mix. A tiny bottle of chocolate sauce is also a part of the dish. It can get a bit messy, but kids will love it. Mine sure did.The low point of the meal was the service. It looked like our waiter was working another section of the restaurant and was also given our table (in the section closest to the restrooms). Unfortunately, it felt like we were an afterthought. 15 minutes to get drinks. Almost half an hour for our kid to get a lemonade. Long periods of time between courses. Slow to get additional drinks, the check, to pay for the check, etc.Elizabeth Blau did stop by to ask how we were doing and she was great. Obviously, she's a pro at this and when we mentioned our issues she listened without getting defensive and did what she could to correct the problems -- making sure our next round of drinks were promptly delivered, sending the manager over to speak with us as well, and getting the sundae for my kid. Having an owner that cares about the customer makes me hope that service issues will be corrected in the future. Our visit was the second or third week they were open, after all.I love that the place is kid-friendly but still cool enough for date nights or adults-only get togethers. Summerlin and the west side definitely needed a spot like this. There's no doubt we'll be back, unless the owners decide to take me (and my family) in. Then we'll be eating at home (their home) all the time.
4	My fellow Yelpers and coworkers have attracted my attention to Honey Salt, the husband and I have been wanting to try it since. Dinner started at 5pm so we arrived at that time, so we thought. The young but nice hostess informed us that we were 4 minutes early so we would have to wait to be seated. ummmm k. We had a drink at the ever welcoming bar (great 4 minute early service). 20 min later we re-approached the hostess who sat us, the place was still rather empty.     Bread and bean dip- divine. Ceaser- to die for. Chicken- amazing, juicy and crispy....How? Salmon- came super raw- like seared on one side for a few seconds raw, I showed the waiter (super amazing guy) I figured that is how the chef prepared the salmon. He said no, that it was raw and took it back. No worries, I sipped my wine and enjoyed the great scene. The manager brought the salmon back (over $20 plate)- same piece and seriously black- they just threw the same salmon on the grill and cooked the heck out of it, like it was some backyard barbecue! Seeing how it looked like a cat got at it I told the manager this won't do, just cancel the order.   He returned a short time later and said the chef was sorry, that he is making a new plate. The manager was so sweet I didn't want to argue, he said he just wanted me to leave happy. YAY for customer service. The second salmon was PERFECT- so yummy.     Martinis are great too- Dessert was the BEST I have ever had (pumpkin cheesecake), like a delicious cloud in your mouth good. I can see how people don't agree with the price to food ratio- we left satisfied but not overfilled, we think it was because it was healthy food. Also, one yelper wrote about the tap water, I gotta agree, it has a weird taste! Drink the wine :)   Although the night started out rocky (even the husband said "lets leave and go to Vintners") I have to say the awesome managers/waiter action in making it right said a lot, got the 4 stars, and got us to return again.
3	Yes yes Honey Salt is newYes yes it has a lot of good reviewsYes yes i had an excellent timeSo what's wrong?Well the Bang to Buck ratio is horribly tilted toward buck and not bang. I ordered the 14 dollar 'Grain Power' with free-ranged chicken and what came out didnt exactly rate up to 14 dollars. Was it good? You bet your sweet ass it was good! Some of the best tasting chicken i've had in a while. Tasted like it was raised, killed, then grilled with love instead of cold and faceless with the intent of making money.So what's wrong? Well everything was just sooooooo and I actually left still kind of hungry but not hungry enough to shell out a few more bucks for something else.Service could be improved as well. One would think when you write down the orders for a large table you make little notes of who got what right then and there instead of making everyone wait...lets be nice and round down, 10 to 15 (probably a lot longer) while you sort out the bills.
3	A new trendy place in my hood and all the hype,  I must try it!  I don't mind spending money on food, but if it is expensive it better taste good, look good, and be something I can't make myself or get somewhere else just as good. It was packed the Wednesday before Thanksgiving; making a reservation was a good idea. My husband and I both got a glass of wine at the bar, while we waited a few minutes for our table to be ready.  The wine was ordinary at extraordinary prices.  In other words, if you can get it at CVS then it is not a wine worthy of serving at $12-18 per glass.  Nonetheless, I needed a drink so I sucked it up.  Our waiter was nice and sarcastic, he told us to take note of the exceptional service that was about to unfold...meaning it was crazy and they are still trying to figure it all out.  He the apologized in advance.  Actually service was decent and flowed in a timely manner.  The food was so basic and also bland, I guess intentional to highlight the "quality" ingredients.  Even a little more salt would do wonders.  Further, the price was not in line with quality, ingredients, and/or complexity of the dishes, but the portions were sufficient.  Honey Salt made the most of it the awkward space, even creating a warm yet modern ambiance with the neutral tones. I love the various chandeliers.  The energy is bustling like a "city" restaurant, but generally a well behaved bunch of eaters...even the privileged children that dine here. Probably I won't be back, so many restaurant to try, but this sort of thing will do well in Summerlin...it is trendy.
5	Delighted to have this new option in the area. Staff was professional and attentive. The restaurant was lively, structural changes from Nora's were excellent (loved the mirrors,) and the food was prepared to perfection.  The chicken entree was outstanding.
4	I loved the atmosphere and the cocktails are great.  The food is made with fresh high end ingredients.  I will be back for dinner as that menu is the most exicting to me.
4	This was a pleasant neighborhood experience.  Very friendly staff.  Food was very good.  Very nice steak. Fish was fresh and well cooked.  The entrees are served with sides.  That was refreshing that it wasn't a la carte.  The steak was served with delicious creamed spinach and very good shoestring fries.  Overall, this was very good, bordering on excellent experience.  Nice job.  We would go back.  Prices were moderate.  The strip steak was $28 with the aforementioned sides. Much better value than the overpriced "steak houses" in and around Las Vegas.
4	Loved loved loved the decor! I know this review is supposed to be for the food & service, but I was in love with the ambiance! Very shabby chic/Pottery Barn-ish. Ok onto the food, I ordered the infamous Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich, this has been compared to Chik-Fil-A, now I've only had Chik-Fil-A once and I don't remember it being life changing or having a craving for it, but this sandwich was very comforting, and I think I liked the chopped salad it came with better! I shared my friends grilled cheese and I think I prefered her sandwich to mine (Im biased, I can eat cheese and bread ALL day ERRR day). We tried the layered chocolate cake (loved the cardamom in it) and the brown bag apple pie, my favorite! I didn't try any cocktails as they seemed a little too, I don't know the word, too much for me? The ingredients scared me. The service was great, the chef, manager, and several servers were checking on us constantly. I can't wait to go back and try the dinner menu.
5	Amazing food but croweded due to the new attraction
5	awesome food and service. Great new spot in the neighborhood. Macaroni and cheese is fantastic, scallops and tuna tartare favorites. COnt miss bread pudding and appple pie. We will be back tomorrow for lunch!
2	They open for lunch loosely around 11:30.  Gird your loins!! This restaurant is so noisy you literally can't hear your party The food was a good quality however I suspect as its new things  come off the menuPizza is to me spongy. Ordered a margherita not crisp at allBe sure to ask for your wine in a stem not the jelly jar glass they provide.  It really changes the taste of the wine.The pizza was taken off bill without asking  and we were asked by several different people if they could make something else . I told the chey no thankyou as the noise level was so uncomfortable I couldn't stand the wait.  He was visibly irritated.
4	Absolutely delicious.   I came for lunch on a Wednesday with my wife, we have been really excited to try this new restaurant since we have heard nothing but rave reviews! Well, to our satisfaction it really lived up to all the hype!   Now, I wasn't impressed because the complexity of the dish, rather the simple, fresh and deliciously put together ingredients. I ordered the "Crispy chicken sandwich" my wife decided to try the grilled cheese, which I can't remember the exact menu name. Both were amazing, I wouldn't hesitate to order the same exact meal again.  Final impression? I am very excited to have such a great new restaurant in the area. I have a feeling Honey Salt is going to be around for a long time!
5	Honey Salt had an atmosphere that is comfy, yet modern and classy at the same time. The menu  consists of comfort food with a contemporary twist. I had the Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken, and it was AMAZING! Overall, Honey Salt gets a 5 star for their food and impeccable service.
4	Finally had a chance to try the trendiest place in town to eat at. I do live on the south side so it was journey traveling all the way here just to grab a bite for lunch. I've passed Rampart Commons numerous times, but never actually shopped at any of the stores. I immediately notice that more than half the cars are luxury cars with range rovers appearing the most, welcome to Summerlin I guess? Anyway so Honey Salt is tucked in the corner, a larger sign would probably help them to be more noticeable not that they don't already have good marketing tactics. Apon walking inside from what I remember the walls are mainly composed of bricks. The restaurant is definitely trying to give off that farm vibe, but definitely modern and classy at the same time. A chandelier in a farm though? Haha, I guess that was an accent piece.  I already knew I was going to order the chicken sandwich because of what Misti and Anthony had said in their reviews. Chick Fil A on crack ay? Prior to our food arriving we received our bread and these crispy things almost like pita chips but much thinner. The bread was very similar or even identical to what Filipinos call "pan de sal," but this was a wheat version. Nothing special but the cripy things were rather good and fun to dip with into the white bean dip puree according to my friend? Our food came out pretty quick maybe 15 minutes or so? My friend raved about how good the kale salad was the last time she was here to the point she even dreamt about it. Thankfully the chicken sandwich came with a salad that had kale in it and I was looking forward to it since I've never had kale before. The chicken sandwich was rather stuffed, but that's what I expect when paying $13. The breading on the chicken was pretty good, the honey mustard was probably my favorite part. Usually there isn't enough sauce on sandwiches, but this was the prefect amount. Nice slaw inside the sandwich as well. Overall it was good, but I don't know if it's something to do back flips over if you know what I mean? The side salad was mainly composed of edamame, a little bit of kale, a lot of these seeds (I don't know what kind it was), but which was good. Maybe some type of vinaigrette would have been nice? My friend ordered the meatballs and offered me a bite and that was okay too. Our server Julie was pretty good except I felt like at one point we kind of lost her. The service was definitely better than what I expected based on the early reviews of when they first started. Lastly we ordered the chocolate cake for dessert! OMG soo good probably one of the best pieces of cake I've ever had. 3 layer cake with banana cake in the middle. I thought that was a really nice so it wouldn't be too overwhelming with the chocolate. The frosting outside the cake was light fluffy and not too overly sweet.  I think if I came here again I might just order dessert since the other options seem delicious.
5	Five stars for the service (Sergio) the food, the ambience, and overall dining experience. I will definitely be back!!! Love you guys ;)
1	Great look.  That's where the 'good' ended.  Terrible acoustics.  More attention and focus placed on plates and dishes than the food, which is overly creative and lacking of any real flavor.  Very limited and fairly average wine list.  love the brick wall and slab of red dragon granite in the kitchen, but perhaps the worst meal in Vegas this year!
5	Honey Salt had an atmosphere that is comfy, yet modern and classy at the same time. The menu  consists of comfort food with a contemporary twist. I had the Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken, and it was AMAZING! Overall, Honey Salt gets a 5 star for their food and impeccable service.
2	It's not very often any more that I'm excited to try a new burger in town, and when I do I really have to make a conscious effort to not set myself up for disappointment. Honey Salt recently opened in Summerlin, and as an overall foodie I've been very excited to try this new spot. While I didn't make it there too often, I always enjoyed Nora's that used to be in the space, both the menu and farm-to-table concept of its replacement gave me much hope. So after impatiently waiting a few weeks to let the crowds die down I finally ventured in there for dinner one night (and ran into foodie friend Splurgemonkey). Did it disappoint?The space itself doesn't look too different from what I can remember; the exposed kitchen is still on display for you to enjoy all the madness that goes on with food prep. There is a large faux brick feature wall with the Honey Salt logo, and some nice, simple decorations on the walls. The room is quite loud even not at full capacity, but at our small table for two it was cozy enough that we didn't have much of a problem. There are several menus depending on the time of day which I won't bother replicating here. The food is all regionally grown, and you can tell by the menu offerings and quality of food you receive that they pay attention to what they're putting in their dishes. I've heard many positive comments through friends and online about their meals, and really wish I could have had a bit more than the burger, but that's what I do and I was still expecting something great to come out.What did come out was one perfectly crafted burger, but had absolutely no stand out flavors whatsoever. The meat was really great quality; it was cooked perfectly to the medium rare I ordered, but had no strong beef flavor, no char flavor, no seasoning, nothing. The $1 optional egg on top added very little, as did the lettuce and tomato even though they were all of very good quality. The butter pickles were the only strong and good flavor I noticed in there. Even the bun, which had a good sweet smell to it, had almost nothing going on. This could easily become the perfect burger if it had a secret sauce or just the right additional ingredient. All the other food we had that night was so flavorful and delicious, this should have been too. My girlfriend's steak had great seasoning, and some fantastic sauces with it; why did that beef get a different treatment than this one? In fact, adding the roasted Anaheim salsa that comes with the filet or even the potato bacon hash to the burger would make it incredible, but I shouldn't have to order a side of either to make their offering better.Oddly enough, the fries were fantastic; they were cooked crispy and consistent throughout. They had great flavor and were better than a lot I've had around town considering how unassuming they looked. I was very saddened by this burger; as I said everything else we ate that night was heavily seasoned, flavorful and delicious, but this burger was so plain and frustrating. For $15 I really couldn't recommend it, that's just far too much for a Summerlin location even considering the quality of ingredients. Our entire meal, which included two cocktails, an appetizer, two main dishes and a dessert, came to $115 with tip, which I found to be way too much for an off-strip location. I usually skip dessert when I'm out so this is a bit odd, but my girlfriend skipped getting any sides with her meal which would have easily increased our total even with subtracting the cheap-ish dessert. Some of the other dinners I saw around our table looked great, although maybe a bit small in portion size given the cost. If you're looking for strictly burger advice here, I can't recommend Honey Salt at this time, and would rather send you across the street to Flemings.
1	We were looking forward to trying out Honey & Salt. We live down the street and have friends who know the owners who have said it is a great new spot. We arrived at 6 p.m. and there were about 1/3 of the tables empty. We asked if we could have a table for 4 for dessert and drinks and they said they would not seat us if we would not be eating a full dinner. The owner said if we came at 5 they "might" have seated us. Out of principle, we won't be coming back to this restaurant. As nice as it looks, the service was rude, disappointing and gave the impression that they are snooty and want only a certain type of customer. They must have enough business as a new restaurant to be turning people away when they have empty tables.
4	Very nice chic atmosphere
2	The food and wine were good. The service was horrible.  Our reservation was for 8:30 p.m. and we did not get seated until almost 9:00 p.m.  Took another half hour to receive appetizer whereby we complained to manager.  After that our service improved.
5	I think 30% of the people rating this restaurant don't understand how to use Yelp, or for that matter the internet in general. No one cares that one time you thought about going there but changed your mind because you are insecure and felt like the hostess was judging you and gave you the stink eye, or whatever other nonsense you've just made up in your head. That's not how this works fools!!! Sorry but this is not a one or two star restaurant! Don't get me wrong, this is not Joel Robuchon or Guy Savoy. What it is, is a great neighborhood restaurant that offers an elevated dining experience in an area that is desperate for something better than another Chili's or Olive Garden.  I understand for a lot of people this is considered a pricier restaurant, it is definitely comparable to "Strip prices," so I can understand that it may not be for everyone. Being someone who eats on the Strip almost everyday, I don't mind paying the slightly higher price to be in my own neighborhood and eating something comforting and delicious. I've had a really positive experience on all 3 of my visits. Through, a bit more expensive, I prefer the dinner menu over lunch. On my last visit I had the mac and cheese, which was so delicious; it has a slight spice from the green chiles and the kale provides a nice break from a sea of cheese. We shared the scallops which are similar to my favorite preparation Kim Canteenwalla used at Society; served w vanilla scented cauliflower puree (ask for extra puree!) The burrata salad was good, but needed some salt. The chicken sandwich is great, very moist, and perfectly breaded, I wish they didn't use honey mustard as it really overpowers the flavor of the chicken, but should've made their own sauce to complement it. The bread pudding is a must, but do it with the salted caramel ice cream!! The apple pie can be skipped, its a miss; heavy crust, boring flavor. Overall, this is a great gem. I would say its a solid 4 stars, but I had to up my rating to make up for all of the silliness on here!
5	This place is always packed every time I walk by.  You should definitely call ahead and make reservations if you're planning to come Friday or Saturday night.  The ambience is great.  I felt like I walked into an Anthropologie catalog.  I had the scallops that were seared to perfection and insanely sweet.  They were some of the best scallops I've head in a long time.  My husband had the seafood risotto, one of their daily specials, and love dit.  I've heard so much about their chicken sandwich that I will definitely come back for lunch and try it.
2	I had turkey meatballs and curry rice. The turkey meatballs were decent and melted in your mouth, but the curry rice was pretty plain, had very little if any spice. Probably deserves another try. Would I eat here again based on the meal and what my friends had? no.
4	The newest addition to Summerlin, Honey Salt moved into the spot where Nora's Wine Bar was located. At first look from the entrance, it already seems magical and has some sparkle. Without boring you with the details and in a nutshell, Honey Salt is a hip grandmother's kitchen. The food is comforting and filling. The staff is warm and sincere. The decor is warm and dreamy (there are real candle lights, not the fake ones).Here's what we had:  warm bread rolls, My Wife's Favorite Salad, Big Eye Tuna Tartar, Carmelized Sea Scallops, Kale & Anaheim Pepper Mac N' Cheese, Warm Bread Pudding, AND I think the star of the meal was the cute little cookies on the side that came with the pudding and our coffees. It was delicately sweet and just the right amount of softness to crumble ratio.Conclusion: Comfort food at it's best.
4	This place is very nice, and a pleasurable experience.Ambiance - A bit more upscale and modern compared to your normal residential strip mall eateries. Mood is nice for either a family get together, a date, or a romantic evening.- 5 starService -  Our service, and waitress were above par, very attentive and very, very friendly. It is exactly as it should be.  5 star.Food - We had a rather large party of over 16 people so we had the Appetizer steak tartare, meatballs, and all these were both tasty, and served just right. 4 star.Dinner - Scottish Salmon - Was okay,  NY Strip - Pretty Good, Brick oven Chicken - Yeah, that was good!  4 starSides - Asparagus, Mac N cheese, French Fries, 4 starThis is a very good American Cuisine restaurant, nice decor, ambiance and very edible food.  While not exactly mind blowing menu with the most delightfully different foods, this is some basic Americana that you cannot miss on and your friends, family and guests will enjoy this place.GK says, check it out for sure!
4	Had dinner here tonight.  Definately liked the atmosphere.  The vegetable appetizer and the Chicken Curry were great.  I will be back again soon
3	I honestly believe that the best thing about this place is its decor.  As Misti had said, it has a country, old/rustic but refreshing feel to the interior, and the place is great for first dates.  Service was great- the chef is preparing food in front of the kitchen, so you can actually see him doing work.  It's a very nice touch, bringing diners close and engaging them in their beliefs and methodology of how they work the restaurant.However.. (which is why they don't garner the extra stars), I don't believe the food is quite there yet.I make it a habit of trying steak tartar at every place I go that offers it, and maybe I'm just used to steak tartar that's made in the traditional French way, but there was something off with the tartar.My friends had scallops, which I think was the greatest thing they had going for them- they are huge, and very robust in flavor.. something that's difficult to accomplish with scallops.  I had the swordfish, and that was lame.  It takes a great deal of know-how to bring the flavor out of a fish, and it wasn't there with the swordfish.The curry was also mediocre.All in all, if you're looking to find traditional taste in your favorite, classic dishes, do NOT expect anything out of their food.  They have a much, much different take on their dishes and recipes than other restaurants (which really, is what they're going for).I guess it just wasn't there for me.
4	We had the fried mixed seafood for an app it was pretty bland and the batter was falling off and some of the clams we got were gritty. That is really the only complaint I have for the entire meal. After we had the app I had the curry Witch was delicious it came in a two layered tin with rice on top. The rice was good it had almonds in it if I remember correctly. My BF had the steak and fries it was a large portion of steak and the sauces that came with it were really tasty. I then asked the waiter if they have any nonalcoholic drinks. He took the time to ask the bartender and the bartender said he could make something up for me witch was made with apple juice mint and pear. Very good. We ended the meal with cake witch was rich and full of different layers. 100$ for two entrees one drink one app and one dessert.
4	OK, there is a lot of potential here with maybe just a few small kinks to be worked out.  The atmosphere and cocktails were good.  Definitely make a reservation if you can because it was rather busy when I first arrived for a late lunch.I started my meal with the New England Fry, which was good, but the real winner was the  Fried Chicken Sandwich.  The bun was just right and the flavors and textures of everything came together into a beautiful dish.  The chopped salad that accompanied it was woefully under-seasoned and bland.  The dessert menu was a little disappointing.  I enjoyed the McConnell's ice cream very much, but none of the other offerings were too tempting.  My friend let me try her Triple Layer Cake which looked very homemade (not meant as a big compliment) and was just OK.The biggest disappointment was the horrible decline in service as my meal progressed.  By the time we finished, the dining room had cleared out and there was quite a bit of staff cleaning up.  I tried several times to make eye contact with anyone, but was pretty much ignored.  I finally resorted to waving down a busser to ask for the check and it STILL took a while to get that settled.
4	gf and I hit Honey Salt for lunch a few days ago.  Nice looking space - not a big fan of all the mirrors on the one wall but wtf do i know about restaurant design.  I dig the openness to the kitchen.Felt a little out of place since we were in our post- work out gym clothes.  We got the sense this place is the go to lunch spot for  women shopping nearby or after having their hair and nails done.  We shared the turkey meatball pizza ($14 ) as an app.  Meatballs were very tender, nice crust - slight crunch followed by pillow center.  Overall, very tasty.gf went with the fried chicken sandwich.  I choose the burger.  The FC sammie came with a salad - very fresh, crunchy veggies.  The fried chicken was tender with   mustard-y cole slaw.  Could've used a little more seasoning but overall well prepared.  ( i believe $15)The burger also needed more salt otherwise it was PERFECT.  Juicy, juicy, juicy - great flavor.  We agreed to was a better burger than the Barrymore.  Fries decent especially since they provided a side of the tomato jam for dipping. again I believe it was $15 ) We finished with the bread pudding ( with a carmel/toffee sauce ) - excellent ( $9) and the baked alaskan ( $10) - sadly a miss.  the Meringue was great, the cake, very dry/stale, the ice cream - very good when eaten on it's own.Definitely worth trying again for dinner or brunch. Added pics of baked alaskanprobably closer to 3.5 stars to 4
4	My mother's birthday was yesterday and my stepfather decided to take us out to a place that his friend from work recommended to him. Apparently it was supposed to be pretty good, and so, we became the judge(s) of that.Walking in, it seemed to me that the place had a bit of a nice quirk to it. It felt a lot like coming in to someone else's house, but also, it felt like it had a small touch of upscale that matched the stores nearby like Ann Taylor and Banana Republic.Before I could fully admire the interior design, however, I immediately felt out of place. The hostess was dressed as if though she came from her high school Prom, the guests were in suits and dresses, and even the servers were all cleaned up rather nicely. And seeing as I came in with jeans and a chunky sweater to brave through the cold, it felt a little odd just being there. But the staff were all courteous and friendly, and they didn't give us any weird looks or silent judgments just because we were underdressed.All in all, though, the ambiance here seems to be a bit far from the same casual you would probably feel from an Applebee's or Chili's. But at the same time, aside from the attire, it's pretty easy to feel comfortable here. The lights are dimmed nicely so that it's not overbearingly bright but also not too dark so that you are still able to see, and the candle on the tables add a nice little touch. I also quite like how the kitchen is visible. Just something about being able to see food being made seems a bit more - how should I say - comforting for me.But anyway, on to the food.Backyard Favorite Burger -- I never got to try it, but according to my stepdad, it tastes very homemade - a rather fitting adjective for the place, I must say. He also mentions that it tastes very fresh and has a rather nice crunch to it, though I'm not sure if for the texture or for the flavor. Nonetheless, I trust his word on it.12 Oz. Cedar River Farm NY Strip -- Mom and I ordered it to be cooked on a medium, and it tasted better than I expected. We don't eat much so we shared it. Comes with a bowl of creamed spinach and french fries, which I felt was a tad odd to go with a steak and it seemed as if though they were just there for me. The steak was fantastically done, however, and it was seasoned and prepared very nicely. It seems I don't regret changing the order from the Filet Mignon just for the sake of having more to share.Warm Bread Pudding -- The three of us split this as a dessert to top off a rather delicious dinner. It was served nicely and warm (as the name states). The bread is laid over a delicious toffee sauce and is topped with salted whipped cream and honey. It was very satisfying, and not too sweet that I stop after two bites but definitely no ordinary bread pudding. I think this beats my mom's, actually. (Hah!)One complaint I do have with this place is the volume of their music, considering how hard it was to have a conversation with my parents and communicate with our server.Another is the fact that while our server was so friendly and attentive throughout our visit, he seemed a little forgetful, somehow. There were quite a few mistakes that I felt were odd to make. Such as giving my mom a Sprite instead of a Coke? He did end up forgetting our order for the Turkey Meatballs so we ended up canceling it which took another guy to tell him to do so. And also, he forgot that my stepdad doesn't like ketchup on his burger and that he ordered mayonnaise on the side. I'm sure it could be discussed and easily fixed, and we easily forgave him for the mess-ups because he was that nice.Overall, however, we had a wonderful experience and we've already considered on what to try on our next visit. Definitely better than I thought.
5	That chicken sandwich is no joke!!! I enjoyed this restaurant the week before Christmas with 4 others at lunch time. I had to try the chicken sandwich after reading the reviews on here of course! It came through with flying colors too. The taste was spot on, and the combination of crispy breading with crunchy cole slaw and pickles elevates it to another level. The most amazing part was the chicken itself. I don't know if it's because it's organic or what, but the chicken was so tender, juicy and full of flavor! I usually don't think of chicken as having much flavor, which is why so many sauces and breading are added, but this meat had actual mouthwatering flavor. The chopped salad that accompanied the sandwich was a very substantial side dish that could be equally successful as an entree itself. It was delectable and unique with the faintest taste of salad dressing. Chef Kim came over and introduced himself and told us about the restaurant being an inspiration of his and his wife's to expand their home entertaining. He pointed out furniture and a chandelier that came from their personal home. He also expressed their love of re-purposing furniture, and cited various items that had a previous history of serving another purpose. I absolutely loved that the bathroom walls are lined with plastic hotel cards (keys) to various destinations that the owners had traveled to. Some even had their names on them. The service was outstanding. The day I was there, the place was packed and the service still remained efficient and friendly. We all 5 left there amazed by our dining experience. I can't wait to go back, but it's going to be really hard to try something other than that chicken sandwich!
4	I would want to give this place another go before finalizing my opinion. I thought the atmosphere was very cute, country feeling. For dinner, I ordered the swordfish ($27). Honestly, I thought it was okay. Not the great as Tripple George downtown, but up there. My friend ordered a pizza. It was cooked perfectly. The service was pretty good, but the hostest seemed a bit overwhelmed at times. Would visit again.
5	I came to find out about Honey Salt through a friend that highly recommended them.  The problem was I am gluten free due to having Celiacs and my friend I was with is vegan.  Most places act like I am a problem when I say I cannot have gluten at all.  Not only was my server Rick gracious & great, so was the chef.  They made me not feel like a freak for having this.  I actually ordered straight off the menu and they made my vegan friend something she could eat too!  We had an amazing time!
4	Holy Honey Salt!This place is amazing! I had the Scottish Salmon for my entree with quinoa and fennel. Yum! Salmon was cooked to perfection which a nice crisp outside. That was the first time I've ever tried quinoa and that may be a new fav thanks to Honey Salt introducing me too it. My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Curry and unfortunately he was no too impressed with it. The sauce was thin like soup, and we are a very critical couple when it comes to curry. We've tried all types and we prefer curry with thick sauce so that was one thing I would mention if thinking of trying the curry. The flavor was good though. The Big-Eye Tuna Tartar was pretty darn delicious too. It also had quinoa, but a crunchy version. Double yum! And dessert was great too.Honey Salt was top notch and I am definitely going back to try the other delicious looking dishes that have to offer.
5	If we could only have 100 stars, this has been the most impressive of all a round place, it's has a very jet-zee atmosphere....  Holly cow!!! I ordered tuna and pork rib... Let me tell you, the tuna was seasoned and cooked to perfection, I was in heaven, the pork rib was nothing less then butter melting in your mouth and the flavor of pork... well that was out of this world! Then I ordered the bread pudding... OMG it was a dream come true...  We had the most friendliest staff (Jen) . This place has PRIDE...
4	So close to the five stars...  But just slightly lacking on the service side.  It was a Friday night and this place was PACKED!!!  Crazy busy.   We had an 8:00 reservation for five.  We all came early thinking we would meet for a drink but it was way too busy so we went across the street to Martini.  At 7:58 we rushed over to meet our reservation, EXCEPT they weren't ready for us....  Until nearly 8:30.  Sadly we left half full drinks that we could have finished if they had chosen to use the phone number they had solicited when we made the reservation.  Initially they sat us at a four top with three (not petite) gals jammed in on the sette.  They realized this and moved us to a six top, much better situation.  They also immediately poured us sparkling wine to thank us for our wait.   We received two or three glasses a piece which was needed because our server was not ready to have a table sat.  We waited about 15 minutes to order wine and he was not ready to take our appetizer orders at this point.  We finally ordered our meals at 9:15.  Now the food - Appetizers - yellow tail - amazing!!!!Iberico ham - the combination of flavors on this plate are surprising and fulfillingnew england fry - although fabulous pales in comparison to the others above.Entrees -Scallops (three of us had these) perfectly seared, cauliflower puree so yummy with the buttery flavor of the scallops.Scottish Salmon - a bit on the salty side but flavorful, fresh and just plain yummyBURRATA, ROSSO BRUNO & TEARDROP TOMATOES - delicious and freshSides -Brussel Sprouts - My personal favorite.  A bit heavy on the bacon, in fact more bacon than brussel sprouns which saddened me because they were so good.mac and Cheese - Plain and simply deliciousRoasted cauliflower - Fresh, great combo of flavorsSpinach - good but for me a bit on the salty sideDessertWe all shared the bread pudding and the salted caramel ice cream..  Perfect ending to a perfect meal.  Food was a complete pleasure.  Once the crowds thinned a bit the service was great.  They are just beyond busy at this time.  Fresh, healthy options, etc...........
4	Tonight was our second visit for dinner at Honey Salt.  What a wonderful restaurant! My wife & I had dinner there with our adult son just after it opened & tonight with her best friend. The service was much better this time. They seemed to have worked out the service issues. The place was packed again but we were seated within 20 min of res time. The burrata with tomato salad was a great started & the shaved dark chocolate really added great flavor to the salad. I had the chicken curry, very delicious, fresh, balancing spicy & slightly sweet flavors. Paired well with the Letitia Pinot Noir. Highly recommend reservations though!
4	You haven't lived until you've tried their apple pie with salted caramel ice cream. Wow! Attentive service, friendly staff and great decor. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Loved everything about this restaurant! It's a little gem that makes me feel like I'm all the way back in my beloved San Francisco. No need to boast some big name Food Network chef here (as does every well-to-do restaurant on the LV strip)... the delicious AND FRESH! (remember this is Vegas and is an off-the-strip establishment) food and absolutely beautiful/quaint/vintage decor speak volumes! Oh, if only I could make my own house look that adorable....The Tuna Tartar and Burrata/Tomato/Bitter Chocolate salad were my two favorite dishes. Nana's Chicken Curry and NY Steak were great choices too! Service was very attentive. The manager stopped by our table and personally shook our hands, also inquiring how our meal was... she was so sweet! Kudo's to Ivan our server as well!Definitely don't miss this huge winner in the desert. I can't wait to see more and more restaurants with this kind of quality and character emerge in this city.
5	We discovered this restaurant on my Yelp app after looking for a new place for lunch in the Summerlin area.  I loved the shabby chic vintage look of the place and the very friendly waiters.  This place has almost a romantic feel to it and it's a very nice change from everything else in this city.  Hubby and I ordered a couple of flat breads and the burger.  They all were delicious and we gave our best to eat slow and enjoy.  Living in North Las Vegas, I'm sad that all the nice places are so far away from us.  But we will definitely keep this place in mind for next time we make a day trip to Summerlin.
3	Went a few weeks (or was it a couple of months?) back when they had just opened. We are Bay Area transplants and the vibe of this place definitely reminded me of home/SF restaurants. We were seated promptly and were able to take in the decor of the restaurant. I think because we went so early after it opened that we didn't get to experience the best of Honey Salt. Although the food was good (had the scallops), service was lacking:1) we had a constant rotation of bussers/waiters/servers/I'm not sure what they were2) we never got any bread3) slow on refills4) long wait for food due to bad expediting and the workers seemed to be running around like chickens with their heads cut off5) they delivered the wrong food to our table a couple of timesEmployees look like they can wear any type of top they want, as long as it's plaid, so guys, don't plan on wearing plaid when bringing a date here. 3 stars for the atmosphere and food (when we got it), I would have ranked it lower, but we were in good company and giving them the benefit of the doubt that they have gotten better since. Will definitely come back soon and see how things have developed!
2	This was my third visit.  The first two were fine but was really there again because it's a new place and fun to run into people there. Unfortunately my poor experience ruined the lunch with my friends so much that we've scheduled a do over - at another place, of course. First let me say that my friends LOVED the grilled cheese and soup they ordered. I ordered the steak frites (med rare). The fries were spectacular but the steak...not so much. It is served as a big chunk rather than thinly sliced. And, I could not cut through it. I asked for a steak knife - which it should have been served with. The server stayed to watch me cut it and even offered a suggestion - try cutting it through the side (as if he's seen the struggle before). That was the ticket, except that it was Med Well :(.  The second attempt was purple red Rare. After trying to cut the third attempt, I gave up.  They boxed it for me, offered no apology and kindly put it on my bill. NOT a good experience. Our visit was spoiled by the constant waiting, serving, and NOT eating. Applebee's wouldn't have charged me for a meal I was not satisfied with and did not eat...I expected more from Honey Salt.
4	With all the hype, I had to go.  From the moment I walked in I felt more welcomed than almost any other restaurant in Las Vegas.  Two hostesses and the manager all made me feel like I was a superstar as I walked in.  My first thought was I was the only customer but the place was nearly full.  My daughter and I were seated at a table with a couch (of course the 8 year old got the couch) and the atmosphere was welcoming and lively.  Our waitress was cute as a button and very helpful about the menu.  She made some suggestions and ultimately I tried the free range chicken.   I was prepared for the dry stringy meat that made me gravitate away from chicken at many restaurants.  I don't know whether it was the free range, the cooking style, or some magic pixie dust but this was the best piece of chicken I ever ate.  The skin was crisp and the meat moist and flavorful.  The sauce was delightful.  Even the mac and cheese underneath was superb.  My daughter got the pasta with brown butter and parmesan.  Although we were a little surprised the pasta was elbow macaroni, she still loved it.  The whole wheat rolls and flatbread with a bean puree were very good as well.  For desert, my daughter had a snow cone (first time i have seen that in restaurants.  What kid doesn't love a snow cone.  I had the brown bag apple pie with vanilla ice cream.  YUM.  I WANT MORE.   Their drinks are also creative.  I only tried one martini because I was driving but next time, I will find a designated driver so I can try more.All in all this is a great addition to Summerlin.  I was a little sticker shocked at the final bill partly because they don't list the prices well for the kids menu and partly because the items are a little pricey but it is well worth it and still cheaper than most places on the strip.Go to Honey Salt! it is a great experience.
2	DO NOT SAY YES TO THE EDAMAME! IT'S NOT FREE AND THEY WILL CHARGE YOU $7 FOR IT!!!!Now returning to your regular programming.The Skinny: the lauded fried chicken sandwich lacks balance, the blueberry pancakes and layer cake are both good (3.5) Service: deceptive business practices by our waiter - NOT COOL! On top of that, the squashed seating against the wall is uncomfortable. (0) Value: expensive for what it is... factor in the sh*tty service, this place ranks about a 2 starred experience.I'm still fuming about our brunch experience at Honey Salt. We arrived and were shown to our seat promptly. Our server, Julie  asked if we wanted bottled water, we said no tap water is fine. As we were getting settled and just started looking over the menu, she came back and asked " Would you like a little bit of edamame to nibble on while you go over the menu?" My husband automatically says yes, thinking it is complimentary. As the bread basket came by, we start to realize that we were scammed by our server. $7. $7 for a crappy weird tasting edamame with orange zest and sugar on top. (In order to make it edible, I threw on some salt and pepper which made it a lot better.) It's this kind of DECEPTIVE BUSINESS practice that makes me so angry. We would have NEVER ordered edamame here to begin with. She PURPOSELY gave us the wrong impression so that she could up charge us. On our bill, we were so incensed, we actually wrote the reason why we gave her the tip we did. Hell, given this behavior, she's lucky she got anything. We hoped if we at least wrote why we gave her the tip we did, it would clue management into what she was doing to the patrons at the restaurant.The worst part is that I saw the other tables were all nibbling on $7 edamame too. How many other people were getting the same bait and switch on a dish that costs less than $1 to make? On top of that, we were seated along the tables along the wall. I sat along the bench and my foot got stuck between the table leg and the bench seat. - and I am not a big person. (I'm 5'6", wear size small and my feet are size 9.)  If we are paying at least $13 for an entree, I expect to at least to be seated comfortably - not squashed against the wall like a sardine in a can. If they would just move the tables about  2 inches away from the bench, it would instantly fix this problem.If you're talking about the food itself, it's actually kind of hit or miss.The hubs ordered the much lauded fried chicken sandwich while I opted for the blueberry pancakes. The proportion was way off on fried chicken sandwich ($13) . I don't know but for me, when I order a chicken sandwich , I want a bit of chicken, bread and condiment with every bite. The two pieces of fried chicken overwhelmed everything else in the sandwich and made it cumbersome to eat. It probably would have been better with just 1 piece of chicken and charging you $9-10 for it. The chicken itself was well-seasoned and juicy although, the coating could have a bit more crunch to it to add a little more textural complexity. The sauce was completely forgettable.The person who called this sandwich "Chick-fil-A on crack" must have been smoking some magic pipeweed with hobbits in an enchanted forest when they said that because this DOESN'T EVEN COME CLOSE. It's okay but there really no comparison.The chopped salad that came with the chicken sandwich was okay. It's actually quite a hearty salad. Cubes of carrot, edamame, greens are lightly dressed and sprinkled with some roasted  pumpkin seeds. The dressing needed a bit more acidity to brighten up the flavors of the vegetables.  I'm not so sure about the cubes of carrot with all that edamame mixed in  - it makes it difficult to eat . The thing that didn't make sense were the blocks of sharp cheddar cheese in there which detract from the freshness of the vegetables. The blueberry pancakes with lemon curd ($13) fared better. They came with plenty of blueberries scattered along the plate and served alongside a smallish dollop of lemon curd. Personally, I think there needed to be more lemon curd to sufficiently cover the pancakes. Although the pancake had a nice, fluffy interior, it missed that mild crispiness to the exterior which for me differentiates a good to a truly great pancake. The serving size is a bit pricey for $13 and I wouldn't order this again.Finally, dessert. I believe this was the best thing we ordered - their Layer cake ($9). It's a super moist chocolate cake layered with fudge, cocoa nibs and a wonderful banana cake with cardamom. Wow - it knocked our socks off. This is the kind of sophisticated dessert that is truly worth recommending. That hit of cardamom was absolutely genius!This place would have easily been a 3.5 star review in large part due to their awesome dessert. However, given the unethical practice we encountered here, it is with a heavy heart that I give this place a 2 -starred review.
5	The location and decor are already amazing.  I had the french toast and it was to die for.  Foodies will definitely love this place as I couldn't understand all of what was on the menu...My sister and dad got the grilled cheese and that was delicious as well. No wonder this place is always packed!
2	After reading numerous reviews about their Biloxi fried chicken sandwich ($13) being described as "Chick-fil-A on crack", I was definitely intrigued. I'm an avid Chick-fil-A fan, and in fact, it is probably my fave fast food chain. Unfortunately, the closest location is in LA, but whenever we are in the area, we will make it a point to stop by.I have to vehemently disagree with the other reviews on this one. When I order a fried chicken sandwich, I expect a certain amount of crispy, crunchy texture. Honey Salt's rendition is more like a grilled chicken sandwich, albeit a decent one, and lacks sufficient fried goodness. In addition, the Durkee's dressing sauce was utterly forgettable. Not only are Chick-fil-A's chicken and selection of sauces vastly superior, but it's also a much better value. Alternatively, I'd rather get the southern fried chicken sandwich at the Cheesecake Factory across the street in Boca Park. The chopped salad that it comes with was an utter disappointment as well. It consisted of radishes, edamame, carrots, kale, pumpkin seeds, cubes of sharp cheddar cheese, and mixed greens. An interesting collection, but ultimately the flavors were neither harmonious nor enjoyable.The blueberry pancakes with lemon curd ($13) had a nice, fluffy texture inside, but lacked any sort of exterior crispiness, the hallmark of a really good pancake.Dessert was the highlight. Their triple layer cake ($9) was very interesting and tasty. It consisted of dense chocolate cake layered with fudge and banana cake with cardamom and coated with buttercream frosting. Although it is a bit pricey for the portion size and it could be more moist, this is the one item we would probably order again.As for the service... let's start back at the beginning. After being seated, our server, Julie, asks us what kind of bottled water we want to drink. We decline and ask for tap water. She then asks if we would like to snack on some edamame while we peruse the menu. I'm thinking it is complimentary, ESPECIALLY since I do NOT see edamame listed ANYWHERE on the brunch menu, so we say okay. After we make our brunch selections, the bread basket comes out with some sort of bean dip. At first we are a bit confused. Is this what she meant by the edamame? Is this an edamame dip? If so, why isn't it green? BTW, the bread and lavosh was totally unremarkable. Several minutes later, we get the edamame sprinkled with some citrus zest. We end up adding some salt and pepper because it so bland. The shocker was when we get our bill and it shows we were charged $7 for edamame! We were both instantly infuriated. We wouldn't have ordered edamame to begin with and certainly not for $7! Not in the mood to argue with the server and/or manager, we tipped less than we normally would and even wrote a brief note why. We can tolerate slow, inattentive service to a certain degree, but not deception and trickery to run up the bill. As we looked around, we noted a few other tables who had said yes to the edamame as well. We found it odd that none of the other numerous Yelp reviews/tips mention the non-complimentary edamame.In summary, the food itself rates about 3 stars. Deceptive, aggressive upcharging knocks it down to a 2-star experience overall.Consider yourself warned. JUST SAY NO TO THE EDAMAME! IT'S NOT COMPLIMENTARY AND DEFINITELY NOT WORTH $7!
4	Heard all they hype, so I was very excited when a client planned a meeting here! I checked out the reviews on YELP to see what was a must try! Walked in and was immediately greeted.. Love the decor.. simple & sweet and detailed. Unique look for Vegas. Waitress was very friendly and attentive. Tried the Tuscan Bean soup. Nice with a light broth, beans and vegetables. It could have used a little salt, but overall good. I ordered the Big Eye Tuna!!!  Yum! Wasabi encrusted seared tuna.. served with a side spinach, pickled onion and orange rind salad. FRESH tasting and delicious. We passed on dessert although everything on the menu sounded fantastic!Can't wait to go back for dinner, or lunch again to check out another item on the menu! Definitely a neighborhood place to suggest to friends.
4	This place is amazing. When the worst thing about the dinner was that the NY Steak was a 9 instead of a 10, you know you have a winner.We went on Saturday for my wife's birthday. We got there, and the place was packed. The hostess kept us up to date with the status of our table. Once seated, the excitement began. One of the couples at our table split a Caesar salad, made with half kale and my wife and I split the Burrata Salad. Both salads were great. I'm still thinking about that Burrata. So, I somewhat begrudgingly ordered the Brick Oven Chicken because it came with the Macaroni and Cheese. I mean, who goes out and orders chicken? Well, it was pretty much the best chicken EVER! The yogurt-creamed spinach that came with my wife's steak was great as well.The best part, was dessert. We ordered the brown bag apple pie, triple layer cake, bread pudding and the salted caramel crunch ice cream. All were amazing. We've strongly considered going back just for dessert since we ate there. We'll definitely be back. Their brunch menu looks great too!
5	One of our new fav restaurants!!!! Amazing food, service, and ambiance! We will be going back bc too many good items to try at once. Food was wonderful and full of flavor! Bread pudding was one of the best Ive had and caramel ice cream was great!!! Heelloooo drink was yummy
3	Super stoked to have made the reservation after reading all the great reviews, however my expectations were not exactly met.  Decor: lovvved it... hommie... warm... comfyService was really slow at the beginning.  The busboy was very good about bringing us water and bread, however we waited for about fifteen minutes and there was still no server, so I had to ask the busboy for one.  All the servers in the restaurant seemed super rushed, yet none were rushing to help our table.Finally when a server did come, he too seemed rushed, and mentioned that he was just helping out the actual server for the section.  I don't think our actual server came until the end.  Either way, all the servers were pretty scarce for most of the meal.The beer list wasn't anything too special, so I settled on the cocktail: Salty Sun of a Gun.  Nice interesting bourbon based cocktail, however I normally like a stronger fuller taste.  More potent, maybe?Charcuterie Pizza was spicier than I imagined.  Interesting taste though, as was the New England Fry.  Not your typical calamari dish.  There was a definite kick.  Oh, and the lemon aioli uhhhmayyzinggg...  I was taking the bread, and even my pizza crust and drenching it in the aioli.  But the dessert, that's what took the cake - literally.  We ordered the Triple Layer Cake thinking it would be too sweet, but it was soo subtle.  In the finest sense.  All the flavors mixed together go so well together.  Final thought: Very Unexpected.
4	I am a new found fan of Honey Salt!I came here on a random Monday night and the place was packed. Great vibe, good looking crowd (albiet of the older Summerlin-mom-looking type...Vegas peeps, you know what I mean). Our table wasn't quite ready so we started with drinks at the bar. The bartender was friendly and was definitely hustling because she was the lone bartender at a full bar. They have some yummy specialty cocktails. I had the mickey...2 actually :)Our food order:-tuna tartar-iberico ham (comes as a plate with cheese and asparagus)-turkey bolognese-brick oven chickenI was so full and couldn't contemplate dessert. My favorite bite was the turkey bolognese. Very hearty and the homemade noodles (farro pasta) were perfectly al dente. Note that they were out of the scallops and the chicken curry...at 8pm. So I don't know if those dishes are truly that popular or if their supply ordering was off.Service was good and all the staff I interacted with were very nice. The tables are a little close together but I didn't mind, it made the experience reminiscent of a small NY restaurant.I will definitely be back :)
5	Back in October, Honey Salt was added to my must try list. I tried to book a table on Saturday, but reservations filled within 45 minutes. Instead, we made reservations for 6:30 Monday evening. It was so busy you'd never guess it was a Monday night, it bustled like a Saturday. And it never slowed. We were started with bread and in place of butter was white bean puree with pink peppercorn. Awesome! I had to ask what it was because I just couldn't place it. I'm not often fond of the texture of beans, but this was luxurious. The pink peppercorn added a bit of fruitiness and subtle heat. I couldn't get enough. Our server must have noticed my enthusiasm, he offered to bring more. Yes! Please! We shared a Caesar salad ($9). It was crisp, lightly dressed and delicious. Frank had the filet ($32) with potato bacon hash and I had scallops ($28) served on a bed of cauliflower puree and drizzled with truffle sauce, and we shared sides of kale and anaheim pepper mac & cheese ($7) and brussel sprouts ($7). Outstanding! Everything is so fresh and rather simple... the ingredients just shine. We pressed our luck and tried the apple pie ($9) for dessert. That, too, was scrumptious.Extreme deliciousness all around. Our bellies were full, our tastebuds were pleased and dinner came in under $100 so it didn't break the bank either. Honey Salt was so refreshing. Watch out Summerlin; this sets the bar.
3	Beautiful restaurant, with stylish decor and good lighting. They should get 5 stars for offering Farm to Table options and healthier items. However food concepts seem great but  miss the mark in flavor and appeal. I visited twice, service impeccable both times. Just before Christmas, our group had the fried chicken, scallops, a pizza, roasted cauliflower, tomato burrata & quinoa salad and the bean soup, it was all good, but not great, just seemed like something was missing from making the items taste awesome or worth the $200 bill.  I decided to go back again to give it a second chance, this time we tried the burger , caesar salad, yogurt spinach and bean soup again.  Unfortunately the medium rare burger was all rare, literally soft raw meat falling from patty on to plate. I told my mom to send it back but she has fear of doing that, so she managed to eat 70% of it, not wanting to waste the $20, but it turned her off and she does not want to return. Her french fries were incredibly salty that they literally burned/irritated the roof of our mouths and tongues, I am assuming this is just a bad batch.I enjoyed the bean soap first time but second time it was very bland, as was the yogurt creamed spinach.All of their salads were delicious and the scallops good but I think VG scallops taste better.I would recommend checking the place out as it is so pleasantly designed but not sure if the food will knock your socks off.You may enjoy just going for wine or dessert or checking out the bar if you are not willing to drop $30-50 per person.
4	A clean, bright, and happy atmosphere. I saw a pic of the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chick Sand and decided to go try. hat sandwich was DE-LICI-OUS. It comes with a yummy veggie salad. The Truffle Grilled Cheese was gooey, stretchy and one of thee best grilled cheese I've ever had. ( TRUFFLES! ) This, also, comes with a navy bean soup, which is equally yummy and paired well with the sandwich. It's great for everyone. There is a full bar and large table for groups. I will go back, for sure.
5	Beautiful place... Almost feels like I belong in some fresh cali restaurant.  I made reservations and glad I did... This place fills up even for lunch... My entree consisted of the salmon and quinoa.  Very very fresh and tasty.  I like that they have alot of healthy options to choose from.  The Blood Orange Mimosa was so good I wish the glasses were bigger though...For dessert ordered the bread pudding... Ramsey has nothing on their bread pudding...Our server was very attentive and brought out even more petite desserts for us to try.  Will be back..
5	The atmosphere of this place was great.  The staff is really warm and friendly (everyone from the hostess to the wait staff).  We immediately felt at home upon arriving for brunch.  The place was half-full, but a nice bustling crowd.  The food was incredible and the drinks were delish.  Amongst the best food we've had in Vegas.  The quality and presentation of the dishes was wonderful.  It came out in a timely manner too.  We lingered over our drinks when the meal was done, but we never felt rushed.  Can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu!
2	I honestly didn't find this place to be all that.  Don't get me wrong its a nice modern place but I can find better made items that Honey Salt offers for way cheaper price.  The only good thing that I was blown away by is their Fried Calamari.  That was a pretty legit dish.  Their biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich I believe i can get somewhere else for cheaper and made better.  We also got their Caesars Salad and that was literally 14 dollars for some salad with a touch of caesars dressing and some cheap "free range" chicken breast that was grilled.  Overall not too impressed with what they served.  And this is on a hunch but if bread was given to everyone as an opener then they most def didn't care for us.  Everyone else had bread on their tables but us, don't know if you had to order it or not.  Again, overall the place is well lit and looks great.Foodwise....id go somewhere else.  As a local i should've known better but wanted to try something new.  Now i know, i won't go back.  There are other places around town to get same food for cheaper price and same quality. Good luck.
4	Came here for dinner on a Sunday.  The place wasn't too packed, which was nice.  This is a great "occasion" restaurant that would be perfect for a date, anniversary dinner, or birthday dinner....I say "occasion" because it's got that price point that's just a step above normal/everyday restaurant, but not quite fine dining prices.  I wrestled with the prices all night because the entrees I think are fairly priced, but some of the other items like drinks and desserts, are insanely over priced.DECOR: The decor is really simple and elegant.  This place so reminds me of the places I love in Hillcrest in San Diego.  It's got a "down home farm chic" feel to it.DRINKS:  All 5 of us in our party got the Mosc-ito because we love us some ginger beer.  This drink is a cross between a Moscow Mule and a Mojito.  Very good, a bit sweet.  At $12, it is a pretty expensive cocktail.FOOD: I got the turkey bolognese ($18) and enjoyed it immensely.  Really flavorful, a perfect portion so you weren't carb stuffed, and neat looking noodles.  Two of my friends got the Brick chicken with mac and cheese ($22), and they both ate every bite.  My other two friends shared a salad and a flatbread pizza.  The salad was tiny for the $9 price tag.DESSERT: This gets its own section because the desserts here are amazing.  A little apple pie that comes in a paper bag, bread pudding, and the OH MY GOD salted caramel chocolate ice cream.  Here's my beef:  all the desserts are $9.  For a freshly baked to order pie - yes, fair.  For a bowl of homemade bread pudding - yes, fair.  But for 3 scoops of ice cream???? No, not fair.  You're telling me EACH SCOOP is $3???  It made me sad because the salted caramel chocolate ice cream was delicious, but I will probably never get it again because I refuse to spend $9 on ice cream.I have heard that the lunches are delicious, and I would like to go back to try lunch here.
5	Great they opened something new in Summerlin. Well executed and thought out.
4	When my friend said lets grab lunch at Honey Salt, I was like where? I had never heard of this place, so I read the reviews on Yelp, and so glad that we decided to try this place. A new local restaurant that has great food and atmosphere. Honey Salt is tucked away in the corner of the shopping plaza on the corner of Rampart and Charleston, as the hidden gem in the corner of the plaza. With so many different reviews of the fried chicken sandwich, I definitely had to try it as well. It is described as the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich on the menu and comes with a creamy slaww, house durkees dressing on a nicely toasted brioche roll. It comes with a lightly dressed chopped salad. Two perfectly fried pieces of chicken - what is not to like about that...besides wanting a larger portion or more of it (but that would just be gluttonous). The portion size is just right.I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner and trying out some of the other items on the menu. Honey Salt, I will return!
5	Finally a new restaurant in the Summerlin Area that looks like it's going to make it! I was getting so tired of the same old restaurants. Great food, atmosphere and service! And yes.... have the fried chicken sandwich!!
5	Great place. At the end of the night, ended up with a $55 bill for two. Very satisfying palate !Caesar salad... Steak tartare.. Shrimp cocktail and bread pudding for dessert. Nothing else to wash it down but water Caesar - it was one of the better tasting caesar sald,, close to the made in front of your face at Bellagio's prime.Tartare - excellent flavor. Great complimentary crunchy pita likr carb. Soaked up the  flavors.Prawns - were huge. Five pieces in normal with a complimentary balanced cockrail sauce, not too tangy, not too radishy.Bread Pudding - components put together. Delicatably warm, flavorful, comforting. Get a side of ice cream to go with it or extra cream.Service was mediocre, but he seemed to be new. Food came out quickly, but the server was just getting a handle on things.Decor is quaint and pleasing. Outside sitting is available. Definitely will return.
2	Very disappointed in level of service.  Seemed that knowing the owner is a plus as we watched her working the room.Food is good, but not great.  Tables are way too close together, definitely not a place for intimate dining.
4	I LOVED what they did with the place (formerly Nora's osteria) the ambiance is amazing, the food too die for. I went for brunch with some girlfriends, and got the Biloxi fried chicken sandwich ($13.00) it was delicious, the chicken was perfectly cooked, nice seasoned and super juicy, it comes with a side raw salad very good also. The service was also really good. For a Vegas brunch I must say is reasonably priced, although they could maybe add bottomless mimosas. They're al about seasonal and locally grown produce which is just a plus. All in all a great addition to the Summerlin area. Will definitely be coming back for diner.
5	I LOVED what they did with the place (formerly Nora's osteria) the ambiance is amazing, the food too die for. I went for brunch with some girlfriends, and got the Biloxi fried chicken sandwich ($13.00) it was delicious, the chicken was perfectly cooked, nice seasoned and super juicy, it comes with a side raw salad very good also. The service was also really good. For a Vegas brunch I must say is reasonably priced, although they could maybe add bottomless mimosas. They're al about seasonal and locally grown produce which is just a plus. All in all a great addition to the Summerlin area. Will definitely be coming back for diner.
4	I recently came here with my girlfriends for brunch. I wanted to get the New Englad Fry for the table, but everybody justwanted their entrees. I ordered the Biloxi fried chicken sandwich, which as super delicious and reasonably priced. You get a side salad of chopped avocado, carrots, kale in this creamy yet light dressing. Surprising mix but delicious! My table mated ordered the fritatta, salmon and grilled cheese sandwich. I didn't try any of their plates, although they looked really nice! Everyone was really pleased with their meal. For dessert I shared the bread pudding, which was very good. Our waiter also brought us out a plate of petit fours since my friend's salmon took a little longer to be prepared, which was a very nice touch.The restaurant is decorated really cool, rustic-chic. The concept looks like it was taken out of the pages of a Food and Wine photo shoot, where they go on location to a famous person's barn or vineyard and the kids are running around in Anthropologie clothes while their parents are carving up a whole pig and making cocktails. Very Little House on the Prairie meets Crate and Barrel. I will be returning to check the place out for dinner, but in my book, brunch is a really good deal. Since the restaurant makes you feel like you're outdoors with the color scheme, the midday light that comes in and reflects on the mirrors makes the restaurant feel spacious and homey.
5	Love love love it here !
5	There are a few things that will make me give five stars. The main reason being - they have some of the best pan seared scallops I've had anywhere. This is a family owned business and you can definitely tell they use fresh ingredients. Always a plus. I had heard a lot of hype about this place, but I'm usually not to keen on the "new hip" place. I hate going to newer restaurants when they're busy and just crowed with people. Of course, that's what they want :) I've had a lot of people tell me that they like places just because they're new and cool - not because of the food. So I was kind of nervous, especially because the food here is not on the cheaper side. For dinner we had - New England Fry - Clams and Calamari Caramelized Sea ScallopsGrass-fed Filet Mignon Side of their well known Kale and Anaheim pepper Mac & CheeseI will tell you, I was not disappointed with ANY of the dishes. The clams and calamari were cooked perfectly and they weren't like rubber like you find at a lot of places around town. The Scallops where amazing. The had this vanilla bean cauliflower puree and true sauce that really made the dish absolutely delightful. The mignon was cooked perfectly as asked and have a very distinguished taste. And on to my favorite - the Mac & Cheese. Never have I had kale in my mac & cheese, but my goodness...it was quite a charming surprise! It has a nice spicy cheese sauce from the peppers and it so was nice and creamy. Perfect combination!They have a really nice "homey" feeling to the restaurant. Very creative decor and they have good service. They were booked, so if you go in when it's that busy, do expect a bit of a delay. DEFINITELY make a reservation before going in for dinner. They also have a large variety of specialty drinks! I've heard amazing things about their chicken sandwich...I'm just not big on things like that for dinner. Soooo that means I'll be going back for lunch soon.
5	Of course there must be something great about a place that is wall to wall packed for lunch on a Thursday.  Lucky we had a reservation.Honey Salt is getting the full 5 STARS because not only did the food wow me, the service did too!First, it is super cute inside.  It's a little shabby chic with mismatched chairs and light colors.  The meal starts with complementary bread, crackers and hummus.  All delightful.The cocktail menu has lots of fun surprises  I ended up with an intriguing martini made up of St. Germain (gets me every time), cucumbers, and jalapeno vodka.  It was a perfect balance of sweet, floral, and spicy that left you just plain refreshed!I had the absolutely delicious fried chicken sandwich.  It was nothing short of ginormous!!  Two large fried chicken breast; super flavorful and juicy topped with a sweet mustardy sauce, slaw and pickles.  YUM-O.  It came with an extra tasty chopped salad.  No fakers here - it is an actual chopped salad. Clarification: I'm finding chopped salads trending on many menus recently and they come out as a completely normal tossed salad...um that doesn't count.  The salad at honey salt has all of the ingredients carefully small diced and properly dressed.  There is edamame, cheese, radish, kale and more.  Delicious and different!I chastised my sister for ordering something as pedestrian as the turkey meatballs for an appetizer.  Boy was I wrong! These meatballs were excellent.  they were like butter.  Unbelievably tender and scrumptious.   We took advantage of dessert as well.  We ordered the cookies.  They were large, chewy and very good.  My sister saw something she thought was a baked Alaska and inquired with out waiter.  He said no, we don't have a baked Alaska; however, we would be thrilled to make you one.  And they did!  What the heck?!  This place is great!  The servers took care of our every little need without hovering.  2 teensy weensy things: everything ran a bit slow; however, this wasn't a problem for us at all.  We were not in hurry.  Also, I found it odd that multiple dishes were garnished with orange zest.  A clever garnish for one dish but definitely not appropriate for everything.  These are just nit picks.  I can't wait to go again.  It was a very very nice dining experience.
4	I enjoyed the food.  Only complaint is that the tables are little to close to each other (wall booth tables).  Aside from that I like it!
3	Interesting menu, but it does not deliver.I went to Honey Salt for lunch twice and I do not see myself going back.  I feel bad about it too, because I was excited after reading the reviews and looking over the menu.  I also really looked forward to the cocktails, and after trying three different drinks I realized they sounded good and looked pretty, but were not that good to drink.Tried a few things:Margherita Pizza: Bland and boring.  Even the waiter tried to steer me towards ordering another pizza and I should have taken his advice.Cannellini Bean Soup: Once again a bit bland.  I make better bean soup than this at home.New England Fry: Good, but not a lot for the price.  The sauce that came with it was not good at all.Buffalo Mozzarella and Tomato Salad: Best thing I had here.Honey Salt Caesar Salad: Big disappointment, the lettuce was chopped to bits and not fresh.Grilled Cheese: Good, but greasy and small.Roasted Salmon: Weird mixture of citrus and salmon, not even remotely worth the price.The best part of the meal is the desert selection.  The caramel chunk ice cream may be the best ice cream you ever have.  I also really liked the cookie plate and bread pudding.I am hoping that over time this restaurant can live up to its buzz.  If they revamp their menu, I might give them another shot.
4	After much hype about Honey Salt, I HAD to try it out.  The fact that the name is an oxymoron in and of itself was a plus as well!There was zero wait on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, but it was still fairly busy.  I agree with others that the seating is a bit tight.  However, the decor is amazing and the fluffy pillows on the benches are so cute!The bread basket had two tasty kinds to "choose" from (I put that in quotes since I ate them both).  I ordered the Biloxi Fried Chicken since it seemed to be the thing that everyone raved about most.  I was NOT disappointed.  Not sure if I can roll with the pickle thing though... the sandwich would have been just as good without them in my opinion.  I was in love with the sauce and slaw combo on the sandwich and felt that it really pulled it all together.  The chopped salad... no words.  I loved it.Fiance opted for the Backyard Favorite Burger.  He said it was good, but really just like any other burger.  The fries were good (I know this is a fact, since I ate about half the basket myself).  He did agree that my meal was better than his.Service is where the last star was lost.  While our server was very nice, he did let drinks run dry when they should not have been.  Other than that, Honey Salt is definitely worth returning to.  I also think that its location is absolutely perfect because it fits in well with the surrounding shops.
2	This restaurant was such a let down! It is very trendy but the food is very pricey and the ambiance is terrible! The booths are so close you feel like you are dining with strangers. The interior although bright and playful is like dining in a cafeteria. The staff are impersonal and rush you through your dining experience. Save your money and eat at Vintner's Grill hands down...better food, nicer atmophere!
4	Very cute place! A bit on the pricey side for a more cafe setting but still a pretty nice place and  unique. We had a burger and it did not disappoint. I would go back if I was in the area and wanted to spend some green on a light bite.
5	Chic modern decor + fine dining at a reasonable price, I'm diggin it :)Honey Salt, what a cute name. Just had to point that outService: 5/5Our waiter was very sweet and attentive, he had to be especially for me because for the looks of it for awhile it seemed as if I was being stood up by my friends. He knew the menu like it was the back of his hand.Appetizer: 5/5big-eye tuna tartar: avocado, ginger, cilantro, soy, lime, crunchy quinoa. Super freshEntree: 4/5Mary's free range brick oven chicken: kale & anaheim pepper mac n' cheese YUM. I had to try one of their signature dishes If I really wanted to fall in love with Honey salt. Its very daring for restaurants to serve a chicken dish without the fear of cooking the chicken dry. For Honey salt, that wasn't the case, the skin was crispy and the chicken breast was succulent and juicy. The Mac n' cheese was a little too oily for my taste but it was delicious.
3	Probably would have hit a 3 star for value and service...4 star for food.  Can't do the half stars, so I gotta go with the majority here.Came here for brunch with a group of friends.  Service was ok, drinks sat empty for a bit multiple times, and the time between apps and entrees was quite extensive.  Also waiting for the bill took quite a while for some reason...figured they wanted us outta there!Prices were also somewhat high here, especially for brunch menu.  The chicken sandwich and burgers were $13, the fish apps we ordered were both around $15.  I ordered some mac and cheese off a secret kids menu, and it was $8....just mac and cheese.  I don't mind spending good money on food, and I could tell there was quality ingredients here, but when I sit back and think about it, it was not a solid "bang for your buck".On to the food!The comp bread and chips were good...came with a hummus like mix to dip.  The wheat bread rolls or whatever they were didn't do much for me, but I really liked the spice in the chips, and the hummus were a great combination!  The little guy loved these!I ordered the Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.  It was a very good sandwich that was cooked well, had juicy insides, and a nice sweet sauce.  Why the weird vegetable salad though...wish I would have asked for fries.  Yummy pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/honey-salt-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2g-avVecTAR4MNnQ6f4wGwThe little guy's mac and cheese was not on menu, but I asked about ordering him something, and this is what was recommended.  For $8, but was a decent mac and cheese...not mind blowing.  But the kicker was....that was it....Nothing else....just a side of mac and cheese.  Not really kid's menu status, especially at the cost of an entree at most other places, let alone kids menu entree :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/honey-salt-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#kdMeuxisZM_iljV3D6CcpwI got to try a little bit of the New England fry...I liked the calamari, cooked very well and the breading had great flavor to it!  But the clams were a little off for me...I like clams, but didn't like the way there were made truthfully.  Kind of "squishy" insides with a slight fishy taste.  Here's the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/honey-salt-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#RtwYnxBlRZAwpJxtdi5qzwOverall, I think this is a decent place to hit for quality food, but it just doesn't scream amazing or value to me...and I tend to look for one or the other when I dine out
4	Honey Salt brunch was amazing! I was a teeny bit reluctant to try it because there have been a few other much-hyped restaurants in town that ended up disappointing me, but Honey Salt is the exception. The food definitely lived up to the hype!What finally made me cave and try it? I saw an article on some local news site about their grilled cheese. They use Barely Buzzed cheddar which is cheddar cheese rubbed with espresso and lavender and a gooey truffle spread. I saw this sandwich and knew immediately that I had to eat it for lunch, so I made reservations for this afternoon and IT WAS AWESOME.My husband and I also shared the tuna tartare, which was super fresh and tasty and delicious. I am a sucker for any mixture of raw fish and avocado. The crisp flatbread they serve to start was very nice, too.The not-so-great: service was a liiiitle slow and my jalapeno bloody mary was TINY for a $10 drink (though tasty).Also I kind of felt like I was eating inside Anthropologie... but that is not necessarily a bad thing??We will be back for dinner FOR SURE!
3	There are a few things I really liked about this place. The whole space had a great vibe and I absolutely loved the decor. Oh, and could the name be any cuter? I had the opportunity of dining here with two of my favorite girls, Lily and Teresa. We all love food, so we get along pretty well.You start your meal with some rolls and crisps and white bean dip. Yum. We tried the CHARCUTERIE PIZZA (the cured meats and Bellweather Farm ricotta were wonderful, fennel was a little overpowering), TURKEY BOLOGNESE (this was yummy; ground turkey with organic farro pasta, that really great ricotta again, and fresh basil), and ROASTED CAULIFLOWER (major yum factor and this was just a side dish!). We also enjoyed our specially-crafted cocktails.Prices are a little steep and even though everything was delicious, all of us felt that it just warranted a shrug. We just weren't wow-ed. The menu is fun and their ingredients are inspiring, so I definitely want to try other items. That I can't say about most places I give three stars, but I'm looking for the opportunity to change my mind.
3	Salad: 3/5 StarsI ordered the Honey Salt Caesar salad, fresh lettuce and ingredients but the Caesar dressing was VERY salty IMO, sodium overload.Entree: 3/5 StarsI ordered the Filet Mignon stacked Sliders with scrambled eggs, creamed spinach, beehive cheddar. The dish only includes 2, yes TWO sliders which we're stacked pretty tall with the eggs and spinach, but very small in diameter. The steak was juicy and tender, but the flavor of sliders overall just didn't blow me away like I was expecting them to with the $18 price tag, very overpriced for what you get in my opinion. The sliders also come with a side of roasted breakfast potatoes, those were also VERY bland in my opinion. I felt like they needed some extra spice, or I was tempted to ask for....you ready for this? KETCHUP. Service: 5/5 StarsOur waiter was very attentive, even with the high flow lunch crowd and never let our drinks get low.I'm thinking I just ordered wrong, so I will return to Honey Salt and give it another try. I look forward to better experience next time around and possibly updating this entry.
3	been a couple times for dinner.  highlights:  nice space, good looking clientel, cold beer, decent service, excellent bread pudding. the not so great:  i didn't care for the flavors in the meatball appetizer, the bean soup had no flavor (i kept adding salt and pepper, but if you don't season the soup throughout the cooking process it will never have the flavor it should.  cooking the beans in pancetta and rosemary would certainly do the trick), the chicken also lacked seasoning the second time i ate it (first experience with the chicken nearly provided a foodgasm), margarita pizza was good but a little doughy.  the cookie plate dessert  was a failure but i appreciate the attempt (at least they don't have dognuts in a brown bag on the menu).
4	Excellent service and good food.  They offer unique flavor combinations- (like adding chocolate shavings to their tomato salad).  The scallops were amazing.  They have a nice dessert selection too.  The cookies were gigantic and tasty- although the chocolate-coconut-oatmeal cookie wasn't as good as it sounded on the menu.  The peanut butter and the chocolate chips were home runs though.  Great place!
4	The ambiance is great. It's a cute little place that is very chic. The waiters are dressed as farmers, with plaid shirts and jeans. I went there for brunch on Sunday. It was crowded. We waited about ten minutes for a table, which I thought wasn't not bad at all. I was torn between two choices. I didn't know if I wanted breakfast or lunch. I either wanted the blueberry pancakes or the Barely Buzzed Chedder Sandwich. Since I was more in the mood for breakfast I went with the pancakes. That means I need to go back for lunch! :) The pancakes were awesome. They were drizzled with lemon sauce which I love because blueberry and lemon flavors go so well together! The portion was just enough. I felt satisfied but not overly full. This place struck me as somewhere that is great for breakfast, lunch or brunch. I heard they are open for dinner but I think I would just stick to those three meals. I will definitely be going back here for some more breakfast (want to try the monkey bread!) and lunch for the sandwich and the desserts!
4	After reading some media hype about this new local restaurant, I invited some friends for Sunday brunch.  There were 3 of us total (not counting the wee-little one in the baby carriage!).  Overall, the restaurant is beautiful, the food was very good, and the environment is welcoming and chic.  For me, the food (and drinks) are a bit overpriced warranting a 4 stars instead of a 5.  We arrived around NOON about 30 minutes after they open and were seated right away.  As we left around 1:30, there were still some empty tables.  FOOD - My share of the bill was $47.  Whoa is right.  Here's what a $47 Sunday brunch off the Strip will get you.  For starters we shared the New England Fry.  It was yummy, but a small portion for the price.  Two bloody-orange mimosas set me back $20.  Again, overpriced for a mimosa.  I ordered the Filet Mignon stacked sliders with egg and cream spinach.  It comes with a side of roasted potatoes.  All in all, it was good - but didn't quite give me that "OH MY GEEZ" awesomeness I hoped for.  For dessert we shared the Cookie Platter, which includes 3 large warm fresh-baked cookies.  The brunch menu was a bit odd to me.  I would like to see a few more breakfast items on the menu that are not pancakes, french toast, or monkey bread.  I'm not looking for IHOP food here, but I think the chefs could be a bit more creative  with their use of other breakfast foods.  Am I glad I tried Honey Salt?  YESWill I be back to Honey Salt soon?  PROBABLY NOT (unless they announce they offer two-for-one drinks!)If I had another $50 to spend on brunch, would I do this again?  NO, I would try a different place.
5	Killer menu. One of my favorite dining experiences in Las Vegas. Our waiter spent time with us and knew every little detail about the restaurant and the menu. I'll be back...many times:)
4	Overall this new restaurant is a great new lunch spot, although it is a bit of a cougar den. The dress code seemed to require at least one bare shoulder.I loved my sandwich.  I ordered the fondue grilled cheese and navy bean soup.  Both were delicious.  I thought it was a bit overpriced at $13.  The ambiance was warm and inviting and the service was fast and friendly.  I will definitely be going back.  I'll wear more self-tanner next time, though.
4	Honey Salt meets chic with organic with their modern country decor and their menu inspired by farm fresh ingredients. I love the way they've stuck to their theme with a bright, inviting dining area and a wide view of the kitchen.My two friends and I were excited to try multiple dishes, so we decided to split each of our entrees. Their turkey bolognese and the meatball pizza were filling. Both dishes had turkey meatballs which were light and lean, but they were simply okay in my book. Also, farro pasta has a different texture than your typical pasta, so keep that in mind while ordering.My absolute favorite was the Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. Just couldn't say no to a crispy, succulent fried chicken breast accompanied with cole slaw on a toasted bun! The dressing complimented the slaw and chicken very well and brought it all together.Their service was nothing less than exceptional. Our water glasses never went empty despite how busy they were for lunch. What struck me as unique was that they included a notebook for feedback with the bill. Thought that was a cute and novel idea to get customers' opinions immediately.As much as I loved their charming interior and excellent service (rounded up to four stars for that!), there's just something lacking about its food that doesn't reel me in.
3	Food was ok? Ordered scallops, which came with mash potatoes , potatoes were cold. Someone else in party had filet which was good. Pizza was also ordered, probably the best entree . Had the Carmel salt ice cream , probably the best part of the night. Don't think I'll go back soon.
2	I have read the reviews here about Honey Salt and I think many people have forgotten what good food is supposed to taste like.  I really think people go out to dine more to "be seen" at the newest place versus actually getting a good meal.  For the prices Honey Salt is charging I truly expected much more.First off my wife ordered the Big-Eye Tuna Tartar.  She said it was average at best, but for $15 for a small app you definitely expect better.  I tried the Turkey Meatballs I had heard were amazing.  I came with 5 small meatballs in the order.  Not very good....I ate two and my wife tried one (she spit it out it was so bad) and the other two went back to the kitchen.Next we each tried the Honey Salt Caesar Salad.  Not bad, but how hard is it to make a good salad, really?For dinner my wife ordered  nana's tiffin chicken curry , she said is was a bit spicier than expected, (our server said it had very little spice) and lacked flavor.  She said she would not order it again.  I had mary's free range brick oven chicken.  In my opinion this was the best thing we ordered for the evening.  The chicken was slightly over cooked but besides that I would give it 3/5.Overall I expected Honey Salt to be much better than we experienced.  Unfortunately for us the $118 we spent for dinner for two turned out to be less enjoyable than anticipated.
2	I came here for lunch for Restaurant Week with one guest around 2pm.Verdict: Come here if you're an executive working nearby who wants a yummy soup and salad and make the disgruntled employees feel like trash (someone with their big handbag wouldn't move out of the aisle). Don't come here if you believe in genuine meals.  Ambiance: 5/5You are greeted by delicious scents and sunshine as you walk in. High ceilings and bright lighting help to set the mood. Rustic yet polished, it sets expectations for an unpretentious lunch.Service: 2/5Hostess did not smile or greet, tried to wave waiter down to order something else and even made eye contact (gave up after trying three times), and not a single "how are enjoying your meal" was given. So, I took off a star for each. Food was timely, hence two stars. Food: 2/5Their quinoa salad was amazing: Light, refreshing, and fluffy. Everything after was average or lackluster. Their burger was balanced, but the chicken was reminiscent of Jack. Thin meat, not particularly tender, no juice. Bun was good, but average for a gourmet burger. The salad might have saved the meal, but the cheese chunks were cloying. Key Lime pie was too tart: I felt the top of my nose slightly sweet. Value: 2/5To the owner's benefit, I appreciate their participation in Restaurant Week to benefit charity. That kindness is not being disputed in this review. What is being disputed, though, is if I will come back here regularly. At the price point of $30 per person, I have had friendly and attentive service, balanced flavor profiles with rare ingredients, and pleasant memories elsewhere for American upscale casual. Especially since the regular menu adds up more, this actually further decreases value. Mood and Stomach after the meal: Hmph. Total rating: 2 out of 5.
2	Turkey meatballs... Good, fineBrussels sprouts (yes, again)- seared, not cooked enough, fairly disappointing especially when you know the potential in those babiesCauliflower- ok... Mine is better, there's had been held too long, but that is the way it goes when you want roasted veggies in a restaurant.Mac and cheese- creamy and smoky, Apple pie- tons of butter, good flaky crust, needed more apple and a bigger scoop if ice cream (gotta have the right ratio of pie to ice cream)Taste of salted caramel ice cream (blech.. Bit probably good if you like that sort of thing) and cake (meh).  I started with 3 stars, bit I think I am going to change to 2. Yelp, let me do 2.5 stars!!!
4	Went to a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised with Honey Salt.  The food was somewhat experimental but very,very good.  Not what I would expect to find 'off the strip' in Vegas.  Our lunch was punctuated with moments of really great food, but with one or two little things that were slightly off.  This is a five star kinda place and I think that I will need a reservation the next time I go.   I am looking forward to eating at Honey Salt again and seeing what else they have come up with.
3	Came here for restaurant week and was highly impressed with most of the food. To start with the restaurant itself its very nice and their outdoor seating is romantic without being corny, I liked that a lot. I ordered off of the restaurant week menu and was happy with the appetizer the fried seafood (forget the official name) its actually i'd say some of the best fried calamari and mussels in the city, their seasoned perfectly and have patron peppers to accompany which was nice. I'd come back for that alone. The entree on the other hand is where they lost two stars.. I almost deducted 3 honestly. So to start I had the seared sea scallops. They looked beautiful and were plentiful 4-5 nice sized scallops. The problem arose when all of them were still grainy, and not a little grainy but A LOT grainy. I ate two whole scallops and nibbled on the remaining two and almost every bite was grainy. I know their goal is farm fresh food straight to table, I would have preferred and they cleaned my scallops a little bit longer and delayed it at the table than have grainy scallops. Dah well. For dessert we had the brown bag apple pie with the salted carmel ice cream. The ice cream was to die for, the apple pie not so much, but in their defense i'm not a big apple pie fan. I will probably try this place again but I definitely won't have the scallops!!
4	When you come in, you are blasted with the very cute and tasteful shabby chic decor. Definitely a girl place. Perfect for girlfriend lunches and girly happy hour. I went with my boyfriend and he agreed that it was pretty feminine, haha! Oh well. Restaurants are about the food so whatev.  Appetizers:-Three words. Kale. Caesar. Salad.We were completely blown away by this salad. It was coated in salty-parmesany, caesar, goodness! I would come back just for that alone! Since everyone and their momma's these days is on the Kale train, Honey Salt is smart to add it to the menu  (you can either get the Caesar Salad with kale or romaine)-Shrimp cocktail. I didn't know shrimp got that big and could taste that sweet! The cocktail sauce was pretty standard but the shrimp was yuuuummmmmm.Main Course.My boyfriend had the filet mignon (medium rare). I took a bite and it literally melted in my mouth. I'm not a huge fan of cow, but man, that was delicious!I had the chicken curry. It was okay, nothing mind blowing and I probably should have asked if they could turn the heat down a notch. I should know not to get "curry" anything unless it's at an authentic Indian restaurant. They served it in cute mini pots. One had the rice and the other had the curry. There was also something they served on the side that i THINK had mangos in it. The sweetness of the mangos really complemented the spicy flavors of the curry and added a cooling effect also. Dessert.Bread Pudding.I've never been a fan of bread pudding, but our waitress (who was super nice and attentive) recommended it and the girl KNOWS what she's talking about. It was hot, cinnamon-y, smooth, and fragrant. Plop on the vanilla ice cream and the deal is DONE. sooooo gooood!I'll definitely come back to this place but maybe not as often since they're a little on the pricey side, which is totally cool because the quality of their food is great. I see a lot of girlfriend lunches at this place in the future!
5	So good!! The service is incredible and the menu has something for everyone at really reasonable prices!
5	Still loving Honey Salt!Came here last night with my mom, who is in from Michigan.  I gave her a few choices of restaurants and websites and after seeing Honey Salt's website she chose them!  (good job, mom!)Ever since I've been coming here, I wanted to order the scallops and I did just that!1. caramelized sea scallops  $29charred caulifl ower, vanilla bean cauliflower puree, truffle sauce*GOOD GOD!  Why did I wait so long to order these?  They were cooked perfectly, had amazing flavor!  OMG!  yum!!  I would have NEVER thought that vanilla bean and truffle go together, but they are BFFs!2. mary's free range brick oven chicken  $23kale & anaheim pepper mac n' cheese, natural jus*SUPER tender chicken with great flavor.  But the mac & cheese was nothing to write home about.After about 8465158754 glasses of wine, we decided on dessert:triple layer cake $9chocolate fudge, caramel swirled vanilla cakechocolate ganache with vanilla bean caramel*Not too sweet!  Can you believe it?  Moist and delicious flavor.  Added a side of the salted caramel ice cream- yum!Our bill was $162 (must have been all that wine!) and we were there for about 3 hours.  Great waitress and great ambiance!  I can't wait to come back for those scallops again!!
5	Great food, and good organic and grass fed beef options. The decor is comfortable and you feel right at home.
4	Went here for lunch with friends and my 4 year old.  I had the fritatta (yum)  my husband had the filet sliders which he enjoyed.  My friend had the french toast which was deeelish.Great place for kids.  They brought out a cool table mat that you can color with markers.  They have the CUTEST ice cream sundae!  My son loved the "dirt in worms."  He also enjoyed his pizza.Our food took a while to come so the chef bought us all dessert!!  The apple pie in the bag and the bread pudding are AMAZING!I will definitely be back.
5	Big eye Tuna Tartar is on point! The food portions are a little small for a dude like me that likes to shovel food towards my face on certain occasions. With that being said, the night I went with my wifey and our friend, I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Joe, one of the assistant managers was off the hook and the ambience was jumping that night after a few glasses of wine. The waiters and Joe took especially good care of our table and that locked in the 5th star! Good people, good food, good wine= good occasional spot for some fine dining....
4	More like 3.5 stars for me.  Because I was not crazy about the dinner I had here, I decided to return for lunch, mainly due to the fact that the Biloxi chicken sandwich is not served at dinner and judging from the Yelp reviews, it's the dish to try.  Having visited this place twice now, I can say without hesitation that it just isn't for me.  I just haven't been wowed by anything I've had here (including that much raved about chicken sandwich).  I feel I am judging this place solely on the food and service and not the "ladies who lunch" crowd which I tried very hard to tune out.  My friend ordered the pork sandwich which was a special item.  Admittedly, this was very good.  Still, I have yet to find something that would make me come back here, but it is definitely possible I just haven't ordered the right thing.  Full Disclosure:  Any place which thinks bread and butter pickles on a hamburger is a good idea has already lost me.   On the positive side, service is always excellent and the decor and openess of the room is great , if a little loud.
5	Amazing! Had a blast. Great atmosphere. Fun bar. Try the paleta ham for app. Bartender was a blast dori! Ask for her!!! - she was great with the locals.
4	This casual, contempary joint reminds me of a place you'd find in Portland or Seattle. Verrrry, verrry hip in a modern way, but because it is nestled in a shopping center in Summerlin with a Pottery Barn, it seems to be over run with Socceer Moms and 20 somethings hipsters and urban-istas. My girlfriend and I ordered the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich since I am a Southern Girl and I am fluent in Chick-fil-a and all sorts of other deep friend deliciousness. The sandwich was on point. Juicy, crispy on the outside. The sauce was served on the side and it was this mustard-sweet concoction. There were two sweet pickle spears served on top.The service was attentive, but our server seemed a bit pretentious. Some people order water because they like water, not because we are cheap.This place served yummy, fresh food, with just a little bit of uncomfortable attitude.
4	I really loved the decor! kind of looks like my living room.  Very comfy atmosphere and our server was great as well. Shes wasn't formal but not too comfortable, perfect for my style.  We went on the off hours, so the menu was very limited, but everything we had was great. We had the market juice, excellent! Wish the glass had been just a tiny bit bigger.  The margarita pizza was absolutely delicious! Amazing crust and the apple pie of course was sooo good! I only wish the scoop of ice cream on the side was a little bigger! haha all in all a very good experience, just wanted more of it.
3	I feel Honey Salt is still trying to find its identity; both in the food and interior design department.  The dining room is too open; reminded me of a high school cafeteria...too cramped and far too loud.  I was seated along the far wall of tables with half booth, half chair.  They seriously need to remove about 5 tables from this row and space things out a bit. Diners do not like to be sitting on top of one another; there was literally 6" of space between the tables..."ummm excuse me, may I borrow your pepper?"  Not a fan...far too loud and cramped.  Call your interior designer back out and get some aesthetic acoustic panels installed; that will go a long way (trust me I know, it's part of my business).Onto the food...well, everything was so-so.  Turkey meatballs were undersized and not all that flavorful.  The salmon (ordered medium well) was nearly raw in the middle. It was a nice flavor and portion size but the cooks need to know how to prepare to a proper temperature.  The brown bag apple pie was pretty tasty...not really sure what the brown bag has to do with it but it's a unique presentation and tasted pretty good.The service:  Started out slow...the table wasn't greeted for about 10 minutes; to his credit the place was packed.  BUT, after that our server proved himself.  I believe his name was Nick and he did a fantastic job after the initial slow start.- 1 star for poor design concept and noise- 1 star for barely above average food taste at quite a premium $I will return in a month or two and hopefully some of the above noted issues will be resolved.
5	Honey SaltTaking up fellow Yelpers' recommendations, my wife and I, along with a friend, went to Honey Salt for late lunch on a week day near the end of March. We are so glad we did, as we really enjoyed our luncheon experience in this charming restaurant, which offers good food, comfortable ambience and excellent service!  After getting through its entrance door, we were cheerfully greeted by its friendly hostess. We were very pleasantly surprised by its spaciousness and its casually comfy and "pop-artishly" elegant decor, not to mention its beautiful bar with large marble counter. Around 1:30pm on a week day, the place was almost full, especially at the bar - A good sign!The free bread basket was very good. For our late lunch, we had Fried Clam/Calamari appetizer ($14) to share, which was very tasty with a seasoned light batter.- Backyard Favorite Burger ($13) cooked to order. Our friend loved it, saying that it was juicy, tasty and cooked to perfection for her. She cut a piece for me to try, and I totally agreed with her.- Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken ($13), which was good with tasty batter, but the chicken breast itself was a bit too dry for my liking. I had to ask for some honey muster to dip the chicken in (Not a bad idea, I might add!). This entree also came with a chopped salad which was very fresh.- My wife had the Steak House Salad and was impressed how tender and juicy the steak was, as well as how FRESH and delicious was the salad! My wife is critical of any food. So, when she said it was great, I believed her. Besides, she wouldn't let me be my own judge of that by offering me a piece of the steak anyway!- To top our meal off, we enjoyed sharing an apple pie in its own hot dish with a scoop of icecream on top ($9). The pie tasted heavenly, especially over a cup of coffee or tea!Throughout our meal, our waiter was very attentive; other serving staff kept our glasses of ice water and coffee cups full; cleared our finished plates at the right time - all without our asking. Wonderful! When we were leaving around 3pm, the dining room was still about half full. The friendly hostess came by to say goodbye and told us about their menu for brunch and dinner. She also showed us their small patio outside of the entrance door - which we had missed earlier. She sure did make us feel welcome. Getting out of the door, we also overheard another customer saying something to the hostess, seemingly something about their impressive restrooms? - Hmm...that's intersting! As none of our party visited the restrooms that day, I couldn't help but wondering...!We loved this place, at least for lunch, and will definitely go back to try out its dinner menu; well, also to find out what makes their restrooms so impressive? AN APPEAL TO THE MANAGEMENT:- I do so wish that Honey Salt would offer HAPPY HOURs! It has such a nice bar and a good drink menu, and yet, no Happy Hour? PLEASE!?Peterskis3, Mar 2013---
3	Great ambiance as expected from the owners reputation as restauranteurs, Sunday brunch menu, had the infamous buttermilk fried chicky samich, great brioche bun, chicken slightly dry, cole slaw good but needed more zinggg, dressing like a Dijon honey mustard. Overall a good samich but needed a bit more pizazz... And I was still hungry after so I ordered the New England fry w/ calamari, legs, and Ipswich clams (east coast full bellied sandy clams)... Some clams were a bit chewy, should be plump n tender, had blistered shishito peppers, a plus! Love those thangs!!!Full licquor bar with few drafts, Scrimshaw a plus! I was really looking forward to loving this place but value came up short,  small portions, the ideas are great, but the flavors fall a bit short... A little salt goes a long way but its in the name not the food...  The shishito peppers were the best part....C
4	Came here for lunch on a beautiful afternoon. Everything was incredible, the only drawback was that I couldn't sit outside and have cocktails, other than that, it was lovely and fresh.
5	This place rocks! My new favourite restaurant, I will be returning soon!My husband and I went for dinner. He had the chicken - which was out of this world!I had the scallops and I was blown away. The staff are super lovely. The decor is funky with a twist, it's not uptight or stuffy at all. I cannot wait to try their brunch.Totally worth it!
4	Well. The mixed reviews make sense. Great customer service (sat at the bar). Great yellowtail special. Great scallops. Solid chicken curry. Tasty booze.All in all worth the trip and tariff but they need to work on consistency of quality.
3	My friend and I had been wanting to go here for awhile now, so on Saturday we made the very long trip from the SE side of town to try it. We arrived at around 4:45 and as we walked in we were looked upon by what turned out to be the manager (petite, dark haired female) I say looked upon because she didn't smile and/or greet us in a friendly manner at all, she looked annoyed and asked if she could help us..?? Well.. We would like a table for 2, please (duh). Instead of taking the opportunity to upsell appetizers and drinks until dinner service started at 5, she matter of factly told us the dining area was not open so we could not sit in there, she pointed to the small area on the bar side and told us we would have to sit there and we would have to order of the limited menu. Much to her dismay we sat down. This is where the 3 stars come in, Erik, our waiter more than compensated for the rude greeting. He was friendly and courteous, he EVEN let us order off of the dinner menu!!! He brought us some very refreshing White Sangria, an awesome salad for my friend and I to share and made recommendations for dinner which were delish. Overall the food was great, Erik was great! Your bitchy manager should be pulled off the floor and made to wash dishes until she learns how to greet people nicely.
5	Definitely our favorite Summerlin restaurant.  Service and food is consistently good.  Elizabeth Blau is a master at developing restaurants and we're fortunate that she decided to open one in our backyard.  We've had everything on the menu and its all really good.  The filet, the New York, Nana's curry, the salmon, the burger...  Their starters and salads are perfect, as are their cocktails and desserts.  The reason we frequent this place is because they have the best kids menu in town.  Reasonably priced with good quality choices.  The kids especially love their build-your-own sundae with Oreo crumble dirt and gummy worms.  This place is always packed but service is always on point!!  The only request from a regular is that I wish they would either offer a more seasonal menu that changed more frequently.
4	Finally made it out to Honey Salt. I've heard great things and Yelp surely seems to like them. We went for lunch and my first impression was very hip decor. It looked like a restaurant you'd see as "up and coming" or "trendy". The doors were open, the patio was set, and it was a really warm atmosphere. Lots of people in the restaurant and it seemed really inviting. The food was great! I got the Grilled Octopus Nicoise. The Octopus was cooked perfectly. It wasn't chewy at all and the flavor of the dressing paired well with the Octopus. The ingredients of olives, fried egg, and potatoes were a great combination. I have never had potatoes in a salad before (aside from potato salad of course). It was surprisingly a great salad. The Fiance got the Backyard Favorite Burger. She really liked it. I tried a bite and I thought it was delicious! She added the fried egg and it paired really well. The seasoning of the burger was savory and it was cooked perfectly. From the review, you might ask why I didn't give 5 stars. My only complaint was the size of the  menu. There was a large option for salads (Market Greens) and sandwiches (In Bread We Trust). I realize I came during lunch and that menus at a nice place like this generally are smaller. I was just looking for a bit more selection.I will definitely be back for more. There were many things I still wanted to try and the dinner menu has several things that look amazing!
4	My husband and I went to this restaurant on a whim.  The food was excellent.  I had the snapper and he had the farm-raised chicken.  The food was a pleasant surprise.  The only issue we had was how dim it was in the restaurant - so much so, that the waiter gave us his flashlight to review the menu.
3	My girlfriend and I have been wanting to come here for the past couple of months due to the good reviews we saw on Yelp. I left here feeling disappointed. Everything here was average, nothing spectacular or outstanding. Service was ok, the food seemed to be slightly undercooked and had a couple of odd combinations.    First we had the New England Fry: Calamari and Clams fried in a batter with what looks like an aoili sauce. I didn't have the crispness on the batter and both were raw.   For dinner I had the snapper which was good, but they added a marinated eggplant that just seemed to throw the plate off. My girlfriend had the scallops which were also good, but seemed to need to be cooked about a minute longer. We added the garden vegetable which were green beans, snap peas and pea lentils. They added a little mint, which was pleasantly surprising, but still left me feeling like it needed to be cooked just a minute longer. (In their defense, the waitress did say that it's slightly sauteed).   All in all, it was an average meal, but this place should have $$$$ next to it as this and 1 glass of coke and a sangria costs $120 with tip! I would have been a bit happier if I had paid $60-$70.
5	We had a fresh, delicious dinner at Honey Salt. We will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
5	I came here on a Friday night for my boyfriends birthday along with friends. Great place! We were so impressed upon entering ! I didn't even have to remind the hostess that some of us had arrive, she came right to the bar and brought to our table. Our server was also super nice and attentive!!!! Food was delicious ! We ordered the New England fry which was gone within minutes. My entree was the free range chicken it was so delicious and juicy! And for the grand finale, brown bag apple pie, bread pudding and cheesecake!!! I'm not usually a fan of apple pie but this convinced me to love apple pie !! Bread pudding was delicious also but cheesecake was ok I'm not a big fan of cheesecake but the rest of my party enjoyed it !
4	Drove 10 miles to try out this Summerlin restaurant. Located in a strip mall off the strip.Nice decor, good service and really good food. The only complaint a little pricey. party of 4 with one bottle of wine, apps, entrees and two desserts and tip was $280. Will will but not as frequently because of the high prices.
3	I really wanted to love Honey Salt. As a huge (figuratively & in reality) fan of the shop local, eat local, drink local movement, Honey Salt encompassed all this as they source locally for their supplies. And it is in the perfect location as my manwhore lives in Queensridge. It could really have been our go-to non-casino place. Atmosphere was very nice, big change from the wine bar that was there. Fat people seating was decent. Sturdy armless chairs. Hip friendly.  (see below for further info on this) Food: broad selection for most everyone. Free range chicken cooked to perfection. tender steak. great sides & decent drinks. Brunch was full of interesting food. I had the Bananas Foster French toast. Delightful. Shared Turkey meatballs that had perfect caramelized onions.   Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken - just like my grammy used to make (except in Alabama)  So why only 3 stars? We went 3 times, Lunch, Dinner & Brunch. All 3 times, despite having open tables in the main area, we were seated past the bar next to the bathroom and where they put the "families with kids" - which we are one but he's 22. Normally we wouldn't care except that it is a virtual runway to the bathroom. My only reasoning on why this would happen on 3 very separate occasions is that we don't exactly fit the "hipster" image they wish to cater too. We are older (with black AMEX cards I might add) we are a racially diverse group & we are on the plumper side of plump. Service: as we were seated in the "back 40" - we had to wait. wait for drinks. wait for food. wait for our check. While the aforementioned manwhore was annoyed that they didn't remember us until I pointed out, different times, different staff, he did manage to have a few choice words with the manager on duty. It's sad because I did like the food but unless we get takeout or my son & I go alone, I'm pretty sure we wont be back.
3	I loved the atmosphere of this place, very cozy!  In my opinion the food was ok, my company enjoyed it a little more than I did.  We started off with the calamari.  it was cooked perfectly not too chewy however, it was a bit too spicy.  I had the fried chicken sandwich, to me it was more like a chicken finger sandwich.  Not mind-blowing, not even mediocre if it werent for it being on a brioche I could get this same sandwich at McDonalds.  Seriously.  For dessert we had the bread pudding.  This was AMAZING!  absolutely delicious!  The service was excellent and we saw Nicholas Cage so it wasn't terrible but just ok.
5	i love this place.i love everything about it! the food, the staff, the drinks, the decor. it is all quite lovely!Food:charred octopus- i usually hate octopus because its chewy and not pleasant to eat. but this appetizer was so good. the octopus was soft and tender and the charred parts gave it this wonderful flavor of goodness. perfect balancescallop ceviche- came in this cool little carrier almost like a wooden toolbox or something to fit in with the rustic theme of the restaurant. fresh no sand or "sea" smell just GOODNESScaramelized sea scallops- super delish. I've been on a scallop kick and these are so GOOD! just perfectly cooked on each side to brown it. YUMMMMMMMMprime rib special- they had a special the night i went for prime rib. it came out grilled which is not what I'm use to but i think i liked it even more grilled than the usual. need some sort of sauce or horseradish or something to accompany and it would have been perfect.backyard favorite burger- gotta add the egg. came with a little tin can of french fries that weren't anything special. but the burger was quite good and would def recommend for burger loversside of asparagus- nothing special. its asparagus!DRINKS: they have a good drink selection of cocktail and twist on classics. there is a drink that comes with an ice ball that is very similar to an old fashion but EVEN BETTER!! i might of had to0 many of them.  :) I might have to return just to drink these ice ball old fashion type drinks. think its called midnight rambler? would highly recommend making reservations as this place gets busy!
3	I think I lean more towards 3.75 stars. I love the decor and ambiance. Service was just ok as my husband had to chase down our server to pay. I had asked for a more private area since I had the baby with us and just in case she decided to scream her head off we wouldn't be the center of attention. We started of with the New England Fry.  Yummy seafood with just the right amount of crispy and not overcooked.  I decided to go for the Banana Foster French Toast in hopes that it wasn't too sweet. My husband got the all popular Biloxi chicken sandwich. My French toast was amazing...the cornflake crust and the thick bread with caramelized bananas soooooo good.  My tummy rumbles just thinking about it. It definitely was just the right amount of sweetness which my palate isn't too sweet. I was super excited to try the Biloxi buttermilk chicken sandwich as many people have compared it to the famous chick fil a chicken sandwiches but I was a bit disappointed. I wasn't in love with the sandwich and I didn't think it was OMG good. It was decent but I wouldn't order it again. Maybe it was just an off day but in any case I wasn't impressed. Overall service was ok for a Sunday during brunch. They weren't packed or anything like that.  This place is pricey for brunch but I would like to come back for dinner and try that. The portions are smaller so if you aren't a hungry hippo like us then you will definitely leave satisfied.
5	I LOVE this place. I've been here a few times and tried the shrimp fried rice (delicious and spicy!), the burger (loved), the kale caesar salad (small portion, but my favorite thing here), the fried chicken sandwich (crispy fried chicken, very tasty), and a few desserts, my favorite being a chocolate caramel cake. Service is great, the ambiance is very nice, and the decor is enticing. Not what you expect at a Vegas strip mall, that is for sure! The menu is short and sweet, and they have a full bar with some interesting cocktails. It is original and I hope locals flock back to this place and give it a try instead of going to their usual chain restaurant faves, all of which can be found within a 2-mile radius of Honey Salt! I am definitely coming back for more. Also, it looks like the bar area might be good for an evening drink, so I'll have to try that as well.
5	An amazing place to eat! Love this place! Great healthy food. Great service and environment. Recommended everyone to try it out!
3	There has been so much hype about this place that I could not wait to try it out with my girlfriends for dinner.The decor is adorable, very rustic chic. It's open and airy even when it got packed. One of my girlfriends and I arrived early for pre-dinner drinks at the bar. The service was a bit slow but very nice. I ordered a delicious vodka mint drink and she a strawberry prickly pear one. Mine was the better of the two by far. We were promptly seated at 7 and the waiter was quick to take our appetizer order. The table shared teh Charcuterie & Cheese platter and it was delicious if not a bit expensive at $21. The blue cheese with the honeycomb was divine and the marcona almonds were wonderful, a new favorite for sure. Service slowed at this point, while it was getting busy it was not so packed that we should have to wave down our waiter. My sister and I split the duck salad (called My Wife's favorite salad), it was delicious though the pieces of lettuce were a bit large in my opinion. We also split the waygu burger which was one of the specials. The burger was cooked perfectly and the bacon jam and egg really were a wonderful combination. The homemade chips were lovely and not too greasy. One of the girls in our party had the brick oven chicken and she was pleased with the chicken as well as the mac & cheese it was served with. By the time we were ready for dessert service had slowed considerably as the restaurant had filled up some more. It really seemed to get busy the later in the evening it got. We decided to get four different desserts and split them. The Brookie (a brownie cookie combination) was ok but I would not order it again. The triple layer cake was moist and had a really good flavor and the ganache was perfectly done. The two favorites were the apple pie in a bag which was devoured and the bread pudding. The best thing on the desserts however was the caramel salt ice cream, I wish I could have purchased a gallon to take home. I am only giving this restaurant three stars because it is so pricey for what you get. I have no problem spending money on good food and good it was but it was $30 good not $65 per person good.
4	Delicious delicious delicious and excellent service
3	This place is definitely for hipsters, which me and my boyfriend are not. It is well decorated and feels really "cool" but the food wasn't anything to rave about. One of those places that people go to just to say they've been there, I guess. I went for dinner, and the dinner menu is actually smaller than their lunch menu? I thought that was weird. All the things that I saw on yelp reviews and I actually wanted to try were not for sale at the time I went. I settled and had curry, it was alright. So they get an okay review, because everything there was okay. Nothing bad, just nothing special.Oh I lied, there was one thing that was pretty great. We paid four bucks for their self-filtered water and it was actually really amazing. LOL. I know that sounds like I totally got ripped off but the water was literally tasteless it felt so weird to drink. Quite the experience. I wouldn't go back for water, but I am glad I tried it once!
3	Plates selected:White Bean Puree with Lavosh and Honey RollsXL Sicky Bun with Baked Citrus Brioche, Honey Bourbon SauceCrunchy Nutella French Toast with Caramelized Bananas and Whipped CreamFilet Mignon Stacked Slider with Scrambled Eggs, Creamed Spinach, Beehive Cheddar, Roast Breakfast PotatoesWarm Bread Pudding with Bourbon Toffee Sauce, Honey, and Salted Whipped CreamReturning to dining after a bit of shopping our arrival at the highly touted Honey Salt for brunch was met by the expected crowd - the large, warm, and rustic dining room near full - but unexpectedly by one of the coldest hostesses I've ever encountered; enough that we nearly considered walking out until another young woman stepped in, welcomed us and assured us it would be only a short wait for a table, and subsequently seated us in the center of the dining room.  Say what you will about "first impressions," this was the sort that most certainly stuck out and probably colored the rest of the 'experience' aspect of Honey Salt - service lacking in nearly all regards as our waitress, Julie, neglected both empty glasses and dirty plates as she bustled around the room.Moving past service snafus to that which was presented on the plate I must say that things improved dramatically as soon as the bread basket arrived and focusing mostly on the sweet half of the menu crafted by Chef Esmeralda Serrano - whose work I was familiar with from her time at Tableau - every single plate that landed on our table was outstanding, particularly the Monkey Bread style sticky bun whose delicate balance of light acidity and sweet honey wowed with each bite and the thick, custard laden bread pudding whose richness found levity in a puffy cloud of whipped cream flecked with salt.  Not generally one to order savory at breakfast/brunch, it should be noted that even my friend's sliders were excellent - the beef so tender that it formed a sort of smoky stew/scramble with the fluffy eggs and cheese.Having heard similar negativity about the service at Honey Salt I should only hope they iron out these kinks sooner rather than later because much like Raku this is cuisine more than capable of competing with the best of what can be found on the strip, but in order to be worth the travel a front of house matching the skills in the kitchen will be indispensable.
1	Way overrated!! The food is overpriced for the quality. Very limited menu and they were out of the two menu items I wanted. They charge $4.00 per bottle of " filtered" water. It's very noisy in dining area and cramped, you almost have to shout to be heard at your table. The service was very good though. Oh yea, it was mothers day and the only mother at the table didn't get her drink order. Won't go back.
5	Everything was perfect from the cocktails to the food. Be sure to try one of Leann's drink creations. You will not be disappointed. I had the swordfish which was amazing! Highly recommended
2	I've dined at Honey Salt 4 times and have tried to love this place.  Really Really tried.  I live and shop in that area so its a convenient location with a beautiful decor.  I've dined at Honey Salt for lunch, after dinner drinks/dessert, and twice hit that strange part of the day between their lunch menu and their dinner menu.  Each time, the food I ordered was attractive in presentation, yet just average on taste.  However, it was consistently poor service I received that prompted this review.  Upon arriving during my last and final trip to Honey Salt, my husband and I were again seated in the narrow dining area near the bathrooms despite the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty that afternoon.  I asked the hostess if it would be possible to sit in the main dining area (for once) in order to enjoy the sunlight that could be seen through the front entrance.  She told me no and her reason was that the staff "needed to get ready for the dinner crowd."  Now, first of all, I'm not sure what made the future dinner crowd more important than current customers in front of them, but I clearly saw several staff members leaning near the kitchen window visiting and laughing loudly.   They were at ease, enjoying the lull of the afternoon.  This was not a bustling rush to prepare for dinner.  This is the only restaurant in Las Vegas that has ever denied my rare request for a seat change. I wondered what trick the two-three persons that were actually seated in the area we requested performed for such prime seating?We decided to move ourselves in order to an outside table under an umbrella.  We alerted the hostess to our decision and then waited for someone, anyone to take our drink order.  There were other diners on the outside patio as well but as their server assisted them, no mention was made to us about any impending attention.  We also noticed at this point how filthy the patio was.  Trash was piled up against the patio fence and although several servers came and went from this area, not one made any attempt to clean the area of any of the debris.  After some confusion regarding who should take our drink order, three staff members approached our table and took down our umbrella.  They said absolutely nothing to us but continued their own conversation while they worked.  We thought we were being pranked.  One of the staff members carrying the umbrella away, missed hitting my husband's head by centimeters yet made no apology or comment what so ever.  I hope that these concerns don't sound petty; poor seating, abbreviated menu selections, dirty environment, rude staff...and perhaps each could be forgiven if the food was great- or even good.  But for just "ok", I'll take my business to the Triple George Grill, Marche Bacchus, or to Vintner Grill where I can get great food AND great service. I know the owners of Honey Salt have a successful history in this industry, and in Las Vegas in particular, so I regret the experience I've had at their restaurant, as I"m sure its not the experience they have worked so hard to create.  However, they have lost a valuable local customer and I have to encourage readers to avoid Honey Salt until some significant changes are made.
5	I have only otter take food, but it has never disappointed me. Fresh, fun meals. Always god and the service is a vend beyond. I was late picking up a 100$ to-go order and the re-cooked it all for me because it had been sitting under the heat lamps too long
4	We had dinner at Honey Salt on Monday, May 13 (not our first time there). Many reviews complain about the service, but I have to say that in my many times dining there (15+), I have never had a negative experience with the service. The hostesses are incredibly nice, and often Elizabeth herself is there to greet you, usually with some kind of compliment! I've always found the waiters and bussers to be extremely helpful and friendly, whether I'm there with a huge table of 10 or just a table of 2.The decor is amazing - a HUGE improvement from the former restaurant in this space (which I actually thought had excellent food, just no atmosphere). Honey Salt is casual chic and they went to great lengths to achieve that feel: eclectic mirrors on the walls, booth seating around the perimeter, and my absolute favorite part - all of the chairs are different!The wine list is not huge, but the selections they have are great, and their specialty drinks are really really tasty. The food is the only reason I do not give this restaurant five stars. It is definitely tasty, but just not stand-out impeccable five-star quality. The curry chicken can be hit-or-miss, the steak is delicious but just not over-the-top special, and I would say the same for the appetizers. I will say that the food has been improving recently, and they have added several new items to their menu like a delicious ceviche (that is served in a really cute way, and I'm a sucker for that). My favorite thing on the menu is actually the burger, which comes with a fried egg on top!Overall I love this restaurant and absolutely plan to keep coming back!!!Update: Went for brunch last Sunday (6/2/13) and we all ordered from the brunch side of the menu. I was much more impressed with the food than the dinner menu!
4	This place is buzzing, so I needed to see what it was all about. First piece of advice, Make a Reservation, or else you could be waiting 1.5 hours on a Friday or Saturday evening. Secondly, expect to pay excess of $50 for two. The server was peculiar, ie. didn't communicate much and didn't pick up on usual cues (that we're ready to move on to dessert or the check), but it was date night, so who's rushing? I had the meatballs and ceasar salad for dinner. Both were good, but neither moved me. My beau ordered the burger and liked it. We shared the brown bag apple pie and it was damn good! The caramel ice cream paired perfectly. There are some more items I'm curious to try, so will definitely return.
4	Honey Salt is located where the old Nora's bar was. The place is nice and the food is good. I had the scallops. The prices are ok. Service was fast, very fast. That would be nice for lunch but we felt a little rushed for dinner.
5	A fellow yelper suggested this place for lunch and I had been wanting to try it so she made reservations for us. At first when I walked in I noticed they were packed so was glad a reservation was made. I was seated at a half booth half chair type of table. I never mind these but in this instance I felt cramped. It kinda seemed like a space that was left over and they decided to cram 2 more seats into a corner. If the table were larger it would have made a better difference. I just know next time to request a different table since this one seemed like the only one like it.The lunch menu was short and simple but had something for everyone. I decided to order the "Grilled Barely Buzzed Cheddar Cheese" that was accompanied by a cup of "Crushed Pea Soup w/Bacon Lardons" priced at $13. I was so pleased with it! The sandwich had such great flavor and I kept wanting more. The pea soup was simply delicious. I can't say enough about how much I liked this and I will for sure be back to order it again! The server was nice and kept checking on our drinks and how we were doing.They have daily specials and I noticed they offer a kids menu. Some places offer you a mint or root beer candy when leaving but Honey Salt had salt water taffy! There is a fun guestbook before the hostess stand you can sign. If you feel like eating at the bar you can sit there and order from the menu as well but if there are any happy hour specials I didn't see any posted but there is a TV.  There is tables and chairs outside if you are wanting to enjoy the day should the weather be pleasant.
4	This is more like a 4.5 star place.I visited Honey Salt about a month ago on a business trip to Las Vegas. I try to stay away from The Strip at all costs when I come to Vegas...this restaurant fit the bill perfectly!The restaurant is decorated in the design du jour of the 21st century...this rustic-farmhouse-chic thing...which I really enjoy! The walls are covered in exposed brick and mismatched mirrors. It makes the place feel less stuffy, but still cohesive and "farm-to-table" feeling.I ordered the caramelized sea scallops with charred cauliflower, vanilla bean cauliflower puree, and truffle sauce. IT WAS TO DIE FOR! Some of the best scallops I have had in a very long time. I also had a key lime tart for dessert...INCREDIBLE! I wish this place was closer to my DC-home.I will be back! Maybe tonight!?...I did go back tonight... I ordered the scallop ceviche, margarita pizza, and bread pudding. The ceviche had a nice texture to it; I really enjoyed the smoothness of the avocados with the scallops. The pizzas crust was perfect...crispy and airy. The bread pudding was dense and delicious!
4	Really great wait staff. Chef very accommodating for gluten-free. Loved the red snapper. Kinda in a shopping mall. We tried lots of funky micro-brews. They have quite the list. Really liked the vibe and service here.
5	Had a lovely dinner here with outstanding service and the ambiance is great!  Turkey meatball appetizer was delicious!  I had the burger which was yummy, my friends had the chicken and red snapper.  All of us raved about the food, great drinks, awesome decor and our waiter was awesome.  Great neighborhood gem and looking forward to going back!
5	I was out of breathe I was so blown away by the flavors! The decor is charming and refreshing. I loved everything about this place. Excellent service. Beautifully decorated. Extremely tasty food. The strawberry shortcake is out of this world!
2	My boyfriend and I were really excited to try Honey Salt, but ended up being very disappointed with our experience. Flat out, our food was too salty to enjoy, way too salty. We were nearly dehydrated after the meal due to the amount of salt we consumed.  The concept is okay... an upscale, local, hipster joint, but the food was just not up to par with the prices...$84 for two people and no alcohol. No thanks. We will not be going back.
2	Guess we picked the wrong day or the wrong time, dined there about 2:00 in the afternoon, the restaurant was busy but not overly so. We were seated on the side in one of the booth, chair combinations, cramped and uncomfortable.  I ordered a Bloody Mary after specifically asking our waiter about the horseradish content, to which he replied, "not too much", holy cow, it was almost undrinkable.  Food we ordered was ok, but the service was lousy, finally had to hunt someone down for refills on ice tea and water.  We were so disappointed after reading the rave reviews, won't be coming back.
5	Great food and a great atmosphere. We were visiting Vegas from the Phoenix-area and were looking for a place that was a little different. And we found it!The filet was good.  Portions may be a little small for some. If you are hungry, you may want to invest in some appetizers or sides. Or, better yet, get some dessert. We paired the triple layer chocolate cake with a scoop of the sea salt caramel ice cream, per a recommendation from our waitress. It was an excellent choice.The restaurant is a little distance from the Strip, which is good or bad depending on what you are looking for. We did run into A LOT of traffic trying to get back to the strip. Luckily we planned lots of time before our show. I definitely recommend Honey Salt for something a little different in Vegas.
3	I love the atmosphere.  It is rustic yet homey.  Elegant, yet comfy. A friend and I met for lunch and since we weren't too hungry, we both ordered salads.  She had the Caesar salad and I ordered the Big-Eye Tuna salad.  Both were quite good, but nothing special.  The service however, was very attentive and friendly.  Our water glasses were never half full.  It was quite crowded when we came for lunch on a weekday, letting me know that it is quite the popular lunch spot. There is outdoor seating, but we opted to sit inside where we were able to enjoy a nice long conversation with some lattes to conclude our meal.  I love that it is a family owned restaurant and that the menu is farm to table inspired.  It looks like I need to try the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken and their huge selection of desserts in order to truly appreciate this little Summerlin gem.  I will definitely be back.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 43/100*
5	Lovely restaurant with great ambience and romantic interior. Excellent service from the servers. They have a table in front of the kitchen where a chef makes finishing touches to the food before it goes out to the customers. Their beer is awesome. Tuna salad is delicious. I will definitely go back.
4	This place is great. Veggie pizza, Turkey Bolognese, kale Mac and cheese & the salted caramel ice cream for dessert are my go-tos. Enjoy!
5	One of the best places for date night although it is usually busy.
4	great food!! presentation was great!! very busy! the server sergio was awesome!!! he knew his stuff!! will return.
3	Very quaint spot, Cozy and modern. The food was good, I was disappointed with the portions. Our waiter said it was family style but I'm not sure what size family he meant because for a party of 3 small women, it was barely enough for us.  He was kind but not super attentive. We also had drunk all of our water and without us requesting another bottle, they brought one. Only thing is, we didn't know we were being charged for it without our consent.The brown bagged apple pie with salted caramel ice cream was superb however, as well as the white sangria.
5	This place is awesome! I am so so so so so so so happy we finally got to come here. My husband & I have been eating out a lot lately, and every place turns out to be meh, very mediocre, but this place lives up to the hype. It is FANTASTIC! We came on a Saturday & made reservations for 8. When we showed up, our couch was ready & we got to lounge while looking through the menu surrounding by their cute decor. It is very garage sale chic. We started off with the Cape Cod Fry or whatever it was called. It was delicious! Less than one month ago, I was at Disneyland and ate so much fried garbage that I vowed to never eat anything fried again but my husband really wanted this, so I succumbed and was happy we ordered it. Everything was very lightly fried (there were peppers, clams, and calamari rings) with high quality ingredients. For our entrees, I ordered "My Wife's Favorite Salad". Oh my goodness. I eat a lot of salad. Usually at least once a day, but this was my favorite salad ever. The duck confit was magnifique with that poached egg that oozed yolk all over my lightly tossed greens. I sometimes do not like fruit in my salad, but the pomegranate seeds & orange slices in this salad made it amazing. There was sweet, salty, crunchy, and indulgent (that fatty duck) which made this the perfect dish. My husband ordered the Filet which was SO tender. Oh my goodness. They gave him this steak knife that wasn't serrated so I was wondering how he was going to cut through this thing. That crappy knife cuts through this filet like butter. It tastes like butter. It melts in your mouth like butter. For $32, this steak was WELL worth it. If you're craving steak, DO NOT GO TO OUTBACK, come here instead! You get it on top of a bacon potato hash which is amazing! I wasn't a fan of their steak sauce though. It tasted like A1 with BBQ. Next time, I would ask for it on the side. We also got Mac & Cheese on the side (so yummy, cheesy, and creamy) as well as roasted cauliflower with kale (this was alright). For dessert, their baked in a brown bag apple pie with their salty caramel ice cream is a MUST. That ice cream definitely has chunks of salt in it, but is so good with the apple pie. They balance each other out perfectly, which is great, because I tend to dislike overly sweet thing. Overall, I am SO excited that we finally tried Honey Salt & we will certainly be back.Tip: Make a reservation. My in-laws showed up on a Monday night. 1 hour wait. We came a couple of Fridays ago, 1 hour wait. Just make a reservation if you know you're coming. This place is always packed because it's AMAZING!!
1	Meh. It was pretty tasteless. The tomatoes in the salad had no flavor, don't serve the salad if you can't get the ingredients. The bread tasted like frozen bake rolls and my meatball pizza, had dried out and old arugula and turkey meatballs with no seasoning. The place was so loud, was horse my the time I left from talking. I felt like the owners had contempt for the customers if they felt the food was acceptable to put there name in it and serve to guests. I was very disappointed
5	I have been here for lunch and dinner.  Dinner was great, we ordered a bunch of stuff and tried some of everything.  I loved the turkey meat pasta dish.  The calamari appetizer was also pretty great.  It is a bit pricey for dinner.  Lunch is a great way to enjoy this restaurant without such a hefty pricetag.  We had the buloxi fried chicken sandwhich and the grilled cheese sandwhich and both were amazing.
5	I love this place ! Bit on the pricey side but worth it !
2	I have gone 3 different times now, and have tried to be fair. I am just confused about the hype because I have yet to be "wowwed."  I find it frustrating that the wine menu changed, because my favorite glass is now only available by the bottle. Also, one night I went and they had specials, last week I was told no specials at the bar. Perhaps I will try the chicken sandwich that I read about if I venture here again. The burger is just a burger, nothing spectacular or original. The fish tacos on special was decent, probably the best I had here.  Last time I ordered the brick chicken but  macaroni and cheese was runny and soggy. I do however wish the best for this place.
4	Delicious!  The food is different than most places.  The service could use a little work...meaning the could be a little more attentive, but it was good overall and I'll go back.
4	I really liked the homey, busy feel of this place from the second we walked in the door. The music was just the right volume above the chatter at the tables, and everyone was dressed casually. The kitchen is open, so you can see the chefs working in the back.Beer and wine selection is great. I love IPAs, and they had several in bottles, so I got to try a new one. I tried the Roast Chicken. My date went for the special that night, which was Halibut. They were both absolutely fantastic, though we both slightly preferred the chicken. We tried the bread pudding and ice cream for dessert.....also amazing. The service was just the right amount of attention. The prices are just a tad high for the level of casual-ness. But, this caliber of food and service is rare in Vegas (had a more Cali, Chicago or NYC feel to the place), so I will probably be back!
3	I was here for late lunch, the menu is really small.... I had a fried chicken sandwich it's delicious, I just wish they have a bigger lunch menu perhaps even appetizers, the restaurant is really nice and open BUT they have to re think the banquet ceiling it doesn't go with the place
4	Upscale yet cozy. Perfect for Summerlinites.
2	It's what you'd expect in this corner of Charleston & Rampart. Homey atmosphere that gives you the feel of farm fresh to the table. Pretty decor that lets you know you are about to pay for it.Ordered the much touted Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. It was ok. Battered chicken breast with an overly generous slather of honey mustard atop cole slaw. Served alongside a small salad of edamame, kale, cheese, carrots, radishes, seeds with a light vinaigrette. A glamorized chicken sandwich that I don't think is worth $13.00.The Tuna tartare was good, but as my daughter says, "it's pretty hard to mess up tuna tartare". A small portion and overpriced at $15.00.Service was ok. This place seems to cater to a typical pretentious Summerlin crowd. Overall, nothing special and not worth the $40 lunch bill for 2 for an app and fried chicken sandwich with one soda.Ho hum, tried it and won't be back.
4	Love this spot, food was delicious and the decor is adorable! Not many menu choices for a non seafood eater like myself.
1	Pretentious and overrated.  The staff here seem to look down their noses at diners which is comical as this restaurant is located in a strip mall and its interior looks like a barn.  The food many on this site seem to like was overpriced and less than spectacular.  I have been there for dinner and brunch, and was disappointed by the fare and service both times. The turkey meatballs, which are touted as one of their specialties,  were tasteless and hard. The pizza dough was also hard and the toppings lacked any depth of flavor.  For brunch I ordered the  hash which was hands down the  absolute worst hash I ever had the misfortune to eat.  The cook must have known it was horrible as he tried to compensate by dousing  it with an enormous amount of salt.  One could get better tasting food at the  Cheesecake Factory  right across the street  at Boca Park without the snooty attitude and for far less money.
5	My first time here and supporting the homies. I honestly can't remember what i had, but i know for a fact all the food was devoured. I do remember the steak tartare and baked scallops. I've never had tartare before so I expected it to be a phat juicy steak, wrong. However, for eating this type of dish for the first, I was impressed how good it was. The baked scallops, tho. I've never seen scallops so big and tasting so good. WOW. Straight melted in my mouth. Overall all the appetizers/dishes that came to our table were so good. I really wish I can remember! I'll be back for sure!
2	The food was fine, but pricey. Three of us and the bill was $50 with one coffee and no other drinks or appetizers. I had the HS salad: edemame, chopped carrots, radish, turkey and cheese with their very good house dressing. My sister had a Caesar salad with chicken which she said was dry and the "black garlic dressing" she swore had no garlic at all. Her husband had the Biloxi chicken sandwich which he liked.The place is cramped and noisy. I realize this is the trend, but for us retired folk who want to chat and not have to compete with the conversation at the table next to us, it wasn't comfortable.The service was good, the servers pleasant, but not outstanding. This is definitely a place for the "in crowd" and "beautiful people." If that's your bag, go for it. If you want a nice relaxed lunch where you can have a conversation, go somewhere else.
3	Wife and I went on a Saturday night.  Nice decor, interesting atmosphere, diverse crowd.  I had the swordfish and she had the scallops.  Her scallops were great, good flavor and nice portion.  Swordfish was average; small portion, one bite salty and the next few good - odd.Finished up with the apple pie and salted caramel ice cream.  The crust was underdone, very pasty/doughy; had no discernible seasoning in the filling and a couple apple seeds.  The ice cream was ok, not remarkable at all.For these type of prices I expect much more.  The coffee was really good, nice roast.
4	It was love at first sight.  As soon as I opened the doors and walked into this gorgeous space I wanted so badly to like the food... and was extremely relieved not to have been disappointed.  The place was covered with rustic bricks, great artwork, good-looking servers with matching good service.  A "boutique" restaurant with "boutique" food - a cross section between the comfort staples and froo-froo fare that does not skimp on seasoning.  The New England fry-d calamari and mussels were divine - light, crispy with a tangy/slightly spicy sauce.  The charcuterie pizza had different salami and ricotta and fennel was excellent (but I thought it could've been served without the spicy oil).  My ahi salad was almost perfect - the spinach with pickled onions were... haunting, lol, for lack of a better term.  I so want to replicate it at home.  But the seared tuna's crust I think could be improved.  Maybe a little more salt and heat to play off the already sweet bed of jicama and asparagus.  The backyard burger my husband loved, but my brother in law complained about the salt levels.  The burger platters came with your own catsup bottle.  How can you not like this place?Wish we had more time and space to try the desserts.  I swear they were calling my name on our way out.  Honey salt you are a perfect balance of the very things that tug at my palette and my personality.  I want more.
5	Amazing, outstanding, fabulous .... and much more!  We had the opportunity to eat at Honey Salt for the very first time with friends and it was fantastic.  From the very start everything was superb.  We were greeted by the general manager, Stephen Jerome, and promptly seated.  We started with sharing some of their salads and the turkey meatballs.  The food was paired with a wonderful white wine suggested by Stephen.  We then moved on to trying some of the "Family Favorites" including caramelized sea scallops (tender and delicious) and chicken curry.  We also tried a couple of specials not on the menu - a halibut served on top of corn and a steak with mushrooms and topped with salsa.  The main menus were paired with a very nice red wine recommended by the restaurant's sommelier, Joe.  We topped off our dinner by sampling three of their desserts - the brown bagged apple pie, triple strawberry shortcake and McDonnell's salted caramel chunk ice cream.  The executive chef, Joe Zanelli, came out and checked on us to ensure everything was to our liking.  All I can say is it was one of the best meals we've ever enjoyed.  I highly recommend Honey Salt.
4	Had the scallops, mixed fried seafood, the free range chicken, turkey meatballs, and mojito like drink.  Turkey meatballs was nothings outstanding, but decent.  Everything else was great though.  Atmosphere is chic.  Service is good.  Good place if u r in Summerlin area
5	Great food, very enjoyable space.  I ordered bananas foster waffles. The flavors were amazing. The orange zest on top of the whipped cream really made the dish pop. My wife had Serrano ham, very good also.  A bit pricey but the experience is really about the flavors.
5	Ate here last night for dinner for the first time, and was very happy with everything. It wasn't that busy and it was a Monday night. From what I read the place can get packed and maybe even a little too cramped, so I would suggest trying it out during the week.The turkey meatballs are very delicious.  For entree I got the chicken breast with Mac and cheese. It was really good, but the mac and cheese it came with was to die for! My boyfriend got the halibut special and a side of asparagus, and he was very pleased. Dessert we got bread pudding and added a scoop if ice cream since it only comes with whip, and we also got the night cap drink (which was very strong, but quite yummy). I was so full by the time we left I couldn't stand it, but so worth it. We were quite happy with everything we were served.Service was flawless, and atmosphere very quaint and pretty. It can get a little spendy in regards to prices. I would compare it to Yard house pricing. I wanted to try somewhere new and I am glad we did. The menu is somewhat small, but you're sure to find something you'll love.
5	I found out about honeySALT completely by accident a few months ago, and I have been wanting to try it ever since. It is tucked in the corner of the shopping plaza across from Boca Par on Rampart (the one with Williams-Sonoma & Pottery Barn), so it is easy to miss. I finally went for lunch today. First, I took it as a great sign that they were packed on a Tuesday at noon...and I was right!!I had a hard time deciding what to get because everything sounded pretty amazing. I started off with a grilled peach & ricotta salad with bing cherries, spiced pistachios, & sherry vinaigrette. It. Was. Awesome!!! I had a tough time deciding between the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich & the Backyard Favorite burger...but ultimately went with the margherita pizza. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich and loved it. With 2 iced teas our bill was $42. So, a little bit on the pricey side, but everything was delicious and the service was great!!It is nice to have a upscale option in that area since there are so many chains in that spot (Chili's, Claim Jumper, PF Chang's, etc). I can't wait to go back!! I say definitely check them out if you're in the area
5	I ate at Honey Salt for dinner Friday with a couple of friends. Thoroughly enjoyed the grilled octopus and scallop ceviche appetizers. Their octopus app was refined and balanced, very well constructed. First a base of a wonderful romesco sauce, some patatas bravas (tasted like roasted fingerling potatoes) resting on the sauce, topped with beautifully grilled octopus garnished with herbs, an oil drizzle, and a drops of a cream sauce all pull this dish together. I dare say it certainly gives the dish at Milos a run for its money. Their burger had a nice blend of meats in their custom grind, I ordered it with the fried egg of course. I enjoyed the burger, but it paled in comparison to both appetizers. The brown bag peach cobbler had a nice crumble and a good amount of cinnamon and some nutmeg which I found to very pleasing. Great service this meal from Andrew and a very good overall experience.I returned to Honey Salt just 2 days later to have Sunday brunch with my sister, brother in law, and my young nephew who were visiting from LA. We ordered the blueberry pancakes with lemon curd, corned beef hash, and biloxi fried chicken sandwich which were all quickly devoured by the 3 of us. What a great meal! Some of the best pancakes in town! Perfectly cooked, fluffy and moist with ample blueberries. The lemon curd was a perfect complement to the blueberries. Not that it needs it, for I could easily finish all the pancakes with just the lemon curd alone...but a little drizzle of the maple syrup is a nice addition to this plate. The corned beef hash is very good as well. Toasted slices of crusty bread topped with finely diced pieces of corned beef and potatoes finished with a sunny side up egg waiting to be cut so the yolk can run. The biloxi fried chicken sandwich was one of the best HOT fried chicken sandwiches I've eaten (Bunk sandwiches in Portland has a remarkable COLD fried chicken sandwich). Again exceptional service, this time from Joanne who was very pleasant and helped us with our food selection and continually made sure we had everything we needed. Will definitely be coming back for brunch SOON!!! Hopefully for the truffled grilled cheese, crab benedict, and the caramelized banana and nutella french toast!
3	Service: OkayFood: Shared the pea soup, tuna tartar, caesar salad, burger, and chicken curry. Pea soup and tuna were amazing. Caesar salad was just okay-- I'm really tired of these farm to table places putting kale in EVERYTHING. Burger was a little salty and I wasn't a fan of the curry. I had the bread pudding for dessert- another, just okay dish.Drinks: White sangria is delicious, red sangria is AWFUL. Price point is great.Will I be back? Probably not but I'm glad I tried it.
2	Went to honey salt for brunch on Sunday @ 130.  Hostess was very accommodating and sat us promptly.  The server assistant asked for our water order which was delivered.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to finally come over  and asked us if we were ready to order.  The waiter did not recommend any food or drinks.  It seems to me they might have too many tables to tend to @ one time.   I ordered the New England fry, which was good, but it was missing the shishito peppers that were described on the menu.  I understand it's a farm to table restaurant, but the servers need to inform the guests of changes in the menu.  This might have been a kitchen to server miscommunication. Who knows?The food has been fantastic on both of my visits. Service is an issue.  I don't want to wait 10 minutes for our server to receive our drinks right before our food arrives.I drive 25 minutes to get there for a 45 to 115 hr dining experience for terrible service.  I would be back for the food, but not the service.  I will miss the culinary adventure.  Good luck!
4	Great atmosphere. I love that they use "local, fresh" ingredients. I do think that their prices are high compared to the portion size. None the less, a favorite in town.
5	I love this restaurant for all of the attention to detail: decor, lighting, music, furniture, and staff.  Their food is the bonus, which is so delicious! I have dined here several times, the first time with some of the staff who work there as servers.  When I walked in for the first time I was immediately impressed by the look of the place and my excitement for tasting the menu escalated.  On that particular visit I ordered the burger.  One of the people I was with suggested that I order the burger with a fried egg, so I took his advice.  It was so delicious!  I particularly liked the little ketchup squeeze bottle that they give you with the meal.  For dessert our table enjoyed several different dishes including the apple pie in a brown bag and the salted caramel ice cream.  Everything was amazing!  Since my first visit I have been back multiple times to try different menu items + to introduce the menu and little gem to other locals. My most impressive experience was on June 1st when I brought in 15 women (Women of LV) to taste Honey Salt for the first time.  It was my mother's birthday so we also celebrated there!  I knew my mom would love this place and be very impressed with the food.  Every single person was very happy with their order and the table ordered several items including the grilled cheese, an ahi dish and several of the different salads.  No one complained about any of their dishes, and I was impressed with the delivery of the table's items.  No items were forgotten, and everyone received their meal so no one was sitting without food in front of them.  I have also taken my daughter to this restaurant (8 years old) and she still talks about it.  She wasn't very impressed with the mac n cheese "please" but she really loved the edamame option for her side and the coloring place mat she received.  To me, that's a win that she enjoyed the healthy stuff more than the junk food.  LOL!  Keep it up, Honey Salt...I'll keep bringing people if you keep being awesome!
5	There wasn't a negative here....the service was fantastic! We were served and waited on directly by the assistant GM who was attentive and accommodating. The food was great.  We each ordered something different off the menu, the frittata, the corn beef hash, the Biloxi chicken sandwich, the summer pizza and the grilled cheese- and no one had a real complaint...well...the cute yet quirky ketchup bottle didn't really function well but who cares....take the cap off and good to go! Prices are great, atmosphere is great and they source things locally as much as possible. The chefs made their rounds- who could ask for more! We did and a scoop of salted caramel ice cream showed up and made us all scream for ice cream!  They take a reservation - so make use of it!
5	The minute I walked in I was in love with the place. I love a good breakfast place so they had me at corn beef hash. But I love the fact that the foods is "fresh" and they promote the whole from the farm to the table dining experience. The place was packed for 11:30 on a Sunday but we had reservations so we were seated as soon as we got there! Our waiter turned out to be the Asst GM Joseph Cortes. He was attentive, gave excellent suggestions and recommendations and was just so lovely. But everyone there was so lovely. The decor and atmosphere is delightful. There is soooo much attention to detail...very artsy yet designer yet country flare with just enough tchotchke to make it fun and interesting....Honey Salt would be a great venue for a bridal brunch or breakfast with the girls....great food and just keep the mimosa's flowing.But let's talk about the food. Think grown up twist on all your favorites. I had the corn beef hash. Not the kind your momma makes...the better grown up version and so was the grilled cheese....if I was Rachel Ray I would have been yelling YUM-MO every time I took a bite! You can tell the ingredients are so decadent and the presentation thoughtful. I also took a bite of the frittata and summer pizza...delish!Another winnah winnah chicken dinnah for me! (shaking shaka in the air)Thank you "mark m" for the recommendation!
5	We ventured out to this great place and we weren't disappointed. The Backyard burger will become a tradition for my Vegas visits. The Biloxi chicken sandwich and steak salad are also very very good.   Service was polite and professional and though we had a trainee for our meal, everything went well. I'd recommend this place to anyone for a reasonably priced well prepared meal.
3	Everyone I know has been talking about Honey Salt, and obviously we HAD to go. Frankly I was disappointed. The menu isn't very extensive and the prices are a little high for what you get. The food was good, but not spectacular. I'm willing to give it another shot, but I'm not keeping my hopes up. Many other great places to eat in Las Vegas.
3	We went to Honey Salt the other night and had an only okay dinner, with some odd features.  We did have a reservation and were seated pretty quickly, but unfortunately in the least desirable area of the restaurant, the long skinny portion next to the bar on teh way to the restrooms.  This is an unfortunate space to begin with, but it was particularly problematic because there was a large party of about 14 near us.  This seemed to cause our waiter a lot of anxiety, which was reflected, I felt, in the service we received.  We ordered two mixed drinks to start, and then looked at the menu.  They have a four course prix fixe option, and we got that to share, plus an additional soup and salad.  Of the six items we ate, none were outstanding and several had some issues. The prix fixe comes with an amuse, a nice portion of gazpacho.  That was very solid and served in a demitasse type cup, for a nice presentation.  The next course was the salad, which was described as a bing cherry/greens salad.  At the same time, my dining companion got the creamless corn soup, a regular menu item.  The soup was very good and was a nice portion size, and came piping hot.  It had a very nice corn taste and was seasonsed well.  The salad was a disappointment.  The roasted bing cherries were a very minor element, and the overall flavor and presentation was uninteresting.  The vinagerette was barely noticeable and the greens needed it for more flavoring. Our next courses were the special Alaskan Halibut, which came with "potatos confit, red pepper sauce and a corn salsa" and the mozarella tomato salad from the regular menu, with the chocolate.  The Halibut itself was great; cooked well and flavorful.  But the companion elements severly detracted.  First, the potatos were simply discs of cooked small potatos.  They had no flavor and more importantly, they were served cold.  So there were small chunks of cold, unseasonsed potatos undelrying the halibut, which simply didn't belong there. The salsa was also cold, which I could understand better, but would have benefitted from being at least room temperature. The mozarella and tomato salad was quite good; I think the chocolate is an interesting touch but I think it could be shaved or cut more finely, to allow a better distribution in the salad. Finally, the marscapone cheesecake in a jar from the prix fixe menu was very good and a nice finish. The other problem with the meal, in additon the uneven food, was the extremely rushed pacing.  Our server kept assuring us that our next course was ocming, while we were still finishing the previous course.  It wasn't clear if he was anxious because of the large table, or there were other issues, but the pacing was way way too quick.    We were done in about an hour, which included the cocktail portion....I don't think we will be back soon.
3	Pre- sitting:  I would give the atmosphere 5 stars, but the service and food 3 stars.  Overall a cool place, but not a destination restaurant and a bit pricey.  It is hard when a new restaurant has such a big hype, because if one thing goes wrong it is a let down.  I waited at the bar for my friends to arrive- not one person offered me anything.  Asking if I wanted a water would've been a nice hospitable touch.  The hostesses are very friendly, which makes it a welcoming environment when you first walk in!  Table: We sat and I glanced over the menu and was searching desperately for some cool, home-made breakfast bakes, and some fun noshy items to share, but monkey bread was all we came up with so we started with that.  I ordered a cappuccino and unfortunately it came out luke warm and I had to return it.  The monkey bread was good, but it was drowning in butter and was missing something..a bit heavy on the bread and not enough flavor.  The server was polite, but not as on top of things as I expected reading the service reviews.  We tried the salmon, breakfast pizza and heirloom salad.  ALL the food was good, but a bit overpriced.  If this restaurant was in San Fran or LA it wouldn't stand out at all.Summary: I will definitely try this place again for dinner if I am in the area visiting a friend in Summerlin, but wouldn't go out of my way.  If I lived closer I would come in and grab a glass of wine and get an app at the bar, because as I mentioned- the atmosphere is stunning!
3	Honey Salt oh Honey salt.Upon entering the vicinity, I almost felt like I am going on a cruise ship or I was on a boat? maybe cause of all wood & mirror that they had going on around the room.  I really liked their decor but there were some parts of the place that it did not flow quite well.    I don't really know if the restaurant is trying to go for a  "down to earth" or "want to feel high-end but still have a casual feel" style. It just feels pretty off. Ratings (out of 5)Service (3.5) Been here a couple of times and the service was a hit-or-miss for me.  They all wear very casual attire, which i am not sure if I liked it, but there is that sense of personal feel when talking with the waiters because they feel really relaxed and they dont feel like they have to as professional as they should be.Food (3)I have ordered the calamari: it was greasy, bland, and not worth it at all! The portion was pretty small for the price.  I even tried squeezing some lemon over the calamari to add some taste, it did help but it was just way tooo greasy !  Next the backyard favorite burger with fries:  I did like it & it almost tasted like the burger I would get at holstein at the cosmo! The fries however was really soggy, i felt like it has been sitting out for a while :(  Atmosphere (3.7)Like I said earlier, I really liked it but it was off for some reason. But it does have that down to earth feel like im going on a cruise.  Overall, I would come back and try other items on the menu such as the "chick-fil-a" & some meat entrees. :) It's a nice restaurant and i think everyone will enjoy their time here.
5	Amazing food, great staff, great service. This may be the best place to eat in Las Vegas off the strip. Went with family from out of town. Ordered scallops, halibut, cheeseburger,  and a pasta. Everything was amazing. Comfortable atmosphere.
4	Great food and cozy atmosphere.  The wine and the lamb were both delicious.  While maintaining a more upscale feeling, the dress is casual, and the staff was very warm and friendly.
4	Overall, it's a good restaurant, it's just very limiting for my tasteI've been to Honey Salt  a few times since they've opened. And when I say limiting, I try to stay away from bread, pasta, legumes.Both times for lunch I had the steakhouse salad and absolutely loved it. For dinner, I've had the Filet Mignon and their Fried Chicken. With the Filet, I've ordered it once and then my next trip my husband ordered it. Both times it wasn't cooked to order, it seems cooking steaks might not be the cooks strong suit. We both eat our steak medium: mine came our barely cooked at all and my husbands was medium well. But the filets were good and grass-fed. The fried chicken was a special that night, and it was awesome! The only thing I didn't care for on that plate was the corn salsa - but I'm not a huge salsa fan. And the chicken is free-range. The best part about this place is the desert - the brookie is to die for! Don't order it alone though or you'll feel guilty for weeks. The brown bag pie is great, along with the salted caramel ice cream. mmmmm
4	Went for lunch and it was moderately busy. The menu isn't very deep, but the options available all sounded delicious. I got the grilled cheese and it was excellent. The only reason I would give the restaurant four stars is the waiting time. For lunch you can plan on two hours if you are proactive about asking for the check. I think the other staff knows how long things take because we had a bus boy bring by our drinks that had been prepared for ten minutes.
5	Went on for dinner at 9 pm last nite with a party of 5. We were accomadate very quickly within the packed restaraunt. Service was prompt and efficient. 3 of our party ordered the scallops wich were cooked perfectly and delicious. One chicken breast and one filet. 5 out of 5 were perfect . We happened to sit next to one of their local farmers who told us how Honey Salt supports her local farm 100%.Nice to support a 5 star restaraunt that certainly goes the extra mile. Will be back,
4	Loved! I would much rather spend my time & dining dollars on a locally owned restaurant than PF Changs!! Especially one that advocates farm-to-table dining, hard to do in the desert.  We had the New England fry app- delicious, great sauce! I had the burger, perfectly cooked, great bun, with the egg. Loved it! Great service! One suggestion- we aren't dumb on the mark- up of alcohol. If you want a strong, local base, which is what I assume you're going for in Summerlin, price your alcohol reasonably.
3	I had the curry chicken a few days ago and it was SO GOOD and couldn't wait for my guy to try this place out! Well we decided to get something to go for dinner. We decided on the oven baked chicken. When we got home the portion was so small it fit on a salad plate with room to spare. The meal was ok, chicken was great and the mac and cheese but not worth $22, sadly. I literally only had 2 small spoonfuls of Mac and cheese and it was gone:( Maybe it was just because it was to go. The biggest let down was there was NO BREAD when we got home.  Grrrrrr... my biggest guilty pleasure!!! So make sure to ask for it if you get your dinner to go home. We did get the veggies and hummus and it was SO YUMMY!  The restaurant is clean, beautifully decorated and very comfortable with its modern/ rustic/ chic vibe:)
4	Went here last week for Sunday brunch. Love the decor- reminds me of Napa. Very much enjoyed the Bloody Mary bar you order table side. Monkey bread was also good. I had the filet slider and it was too giant to pick up and eat with your hands so I had to do the knife and fork thing which took away from it a bit but flavors were tasty, especially the creamed spinach and the filet was nice quality. Good service too. And they have a kids menu! Wasn't expecting that for such a swanky type place. Although they didn't have a kids breakfast, they were accommodating in whipping up some eggs and potatoes for the youngen.  I will be back for dinner though as I would like to sample some other items.
5	Loved Honey Salt. The food was excellent, as well as the service.  Loved octopus appetizer, turkey meatballs, curried chicken and scallops. Everything was cooked to perfection.  The desserts were amazing, as well as my cappuccino made by Tulio.   This is a great restaurant not to be missed.
4	Good food, charred octopus is amazing!! The red sangria is spicy...not sure what they put in it but the white was better. Also, the 'pitcher' of sangria was really a small craft...weird. The service was friendly but slow.
5	Reservations were right on time and the food was so good! I had the chef's special 14oz NY Strip and the wife had the 8 oz filet. Both steaks were cooked PERFECT! That is hard to come by even in a lot of steak places. Of course for dessert she had the Brookie and I had the chocolate layer cake. Both were amazing as always! The bill was about $101 b4 tip w/o alcohol. A little pricy but so worth it!!!
5	Dinner was fabulous! I had the scallops and they were perfect. The salads were also amazing! Monica our server was the best. We will back.
5	My new favorite restaurant!  Great service and food. Can't go wrong with the taster menu and wine paring for dinner!
2	heard so many good things about this place so this was a big disappointmentif not for the pleasant company, night would have been a waste!went on Fri night during restaurant week, best and probably only edible part of meal was the brown bag peach pie, that is something worth coming for. other than that, the chicken was extremely overdone, accompanying broccoli not cooked at all. should never have been allowed out of kitchen.  understand that it was a busy Friday night, but should not be an excuse for food done poorly.
2	I have mixed feelings about Honey Salt. The first visit went well, the second not so much. The first visit my girlfriend and I sat at the bar since all the tables were reserved. The bar had a unique beer selection and the service by the bartender was good. I had the cheeseburger which was very good, and my girlfriend had the mac and cheese, which by the way is some of the best mac and cheese I've ever had. Overall no complaints the first visit. The second wasn't so great when I brought my parents. When we first came in it seemed the hostess didn't know where to seat us as she was arguing with a server about it. Once we sat down, no server came to our table for quite some time. As I looked around for our server I could see several servers discussing amongst themselves, pointing to our table deciding who was supposed to serve us. As the servers were trying to sort it out, luckily a busser/food runner came by and took our drink orders. When another food runner came by for my mom to pick out a hot tea flavor out of the case, she asked what flavors they had as the restaurant is dimly lit and she forgot her glasses. The food runner was taken aback and began picking up each tea bag trying to figure out which one was which. I think we went through two bed baskets and multiple reassurances from the busser that our server was on her way before our order was taken. Lack of menu knowledge was apparent when even the server didn't know how some dishes were cooked when asked. I like the food at honey salt even if I think it's a bit overpriced. Unfortunately service was lacking my last visit. Maybe third time is the charm?
4	This place reminds me of a downtown NYC eatery with the interior decor and ambiance, something you don't really see in town unless you go to one of those five star restaurants on the Strip where you pay twice as much for half as much food. Aside from the amazing decor, the food was amazing. I had the Cherry Springer cocktail, tuna tartare, and a side of the kale and Anaheim pepper mac-n-cheese. The Cherry Springer tasted like cherries with a twist of mint, very refreshing for the summertime. The tuna in the tuna tartare was really fresh and the mac-n-cheese has got to be one of the best I've ever had, so creamy and savory. Service was good and when you get the bill, each person gets a small guestbook to write their comments in! I am definitely a fan of this place and can't wait to try their other dishes!
5	Saw this place on food network! loved it! strong drinks!
4	Two visits to Honey Salt. The first was Phenomenal. The second not as good. We ordered the "favorite salad" which was a lyonnaise salad with duck confit. The first time it was amazing. Big enough for an entree for a light eater. The second time it was still good but way too salty.We also had the turkey meatballs which were wonderful and the chicken curry which was just ok. The scallops were about the best I have eaten. Carmelized on the outside and still juicy inside.Service was wonderful both times.
4	Honey Salt is a great off-Strip dining option. Be sure to make a reservation if it's a weekend evening, the restaurant was packed with locals by about 7pm.Every dish we ordered here was good: charred octopus, charcuterie & cheese, New England fry, caramelized sea scallops, Nana's Tiffin chicken curry, Colorado lamb porterhouse, mac and cheese, roasted cauliflower, triple strawberry shortcake, warm bread pudding and brookie. The food was more than enough to feed a group of 5 (we have big appetites) and we all left full and happy for about $50 each. Bonus tip: try out the honey salt exfoliating scrub in the restroom and leave with extra soft hands!
4	There was a lot of thought put into Honey Salt. The setting and presentation are meticulously executed. There is attention to detail everywhere and it is pulled off with aplomb. After reading about this place and being welcomed upon first appearance, I was looking forward to the food. The grilled octopus app was outstanding (I am loving the increasing popularity of this wonderful dish) and only had my mouth watering for the main course. Unfortunately, that main course fell short of the lofty expectations. I had the curry chicken and my date had the salmon. Both were unimaginative and mediocre. (On a side note: It shocks me how many bland curry dishes are out there. It is such a powerful spice, yet there are oodles of pedestrian examples.) I will give this place another shot, and if it were not for the excellent non-food qualities of this restaurant, I would score it lower.
1	I was really excited because this looks like a really cute place. But the service was awful. I came in and stood by the hostess stand waiting for my party, no one greeted me or came to the front. The manager? and the bartender also ignored me, even though I was 3 feet from them. When the hostess finally came, it was to tell me she would be with me in 10 mns, like I was bothering her. Then we sat at our table for 15 mns before anyone came over. Food was good, HORRIBLE service.
3	I had to complete my quest for one of the top ten burgers of Las Vegas list so I ordered the backyard burger. My burger was cooked perfectly but the tomato jam combination didn't work for me. It wasn't terrible but it didn't knock my socks off either. The meat was tasty and with different toppings, I would have probably enjoyed the burger a lot more.  I didn't like the fries and I barely finished half my fries. I had a bite of my friend's dishes and it was just underwhelming to me. I was expecting a lot more after hearing all the rave reviews. However, I like the ambiance of the place and we did see a celebrity there so that was neat. I will go a second time to try the other dishes.
4	Cali cuisine in Nevada.  Why not.  Balanced, fresh, with the appearance of being healthy.  Ladies that lunch, not burgers and beer.Note:  This review is based on multiple lunch and dinner visits (breakfast in Vegas, isn't that called lunch?)  Food, if it sounds Californian, it's good.  Skip steaks, skip chops, pass on burgers.  Simples.Standout starters include a toothsome grilled octopus atop a bed of fried potatoes topped by an earthy, nutty, peppery romesco sauce.  Excellent balance playing off the bitterness of the octopus.  The Tuna tartare, vibrant and refreshing.  Ginger, cilantro, soy and lime give it a great aroma and acidic zing, creamy avocado for richness and toasted quinoa to add welcome texture."My Wife's Favorite Salad" an excellent interpretation of the classic arugula salad with duck confit topped with earthy pine nuts, tart cherries, and a light poached egg.  Duck fat and egg yolk; the perfect dressing.For mains, the caramelized scallops are excellent.  Perfectly cooked, no little golf balls here.  The puree of cauliflower with vanilla and truffle sauce work so well to enhance the sweetness and oceanic flavor of the scallop while cloaking the dish in an earthy perfume.  My only complaint is how UGLY the presentation; a splat of pure, scallops tossed in, sauce dumped on the plate.  "Mary's free ranged brick oven chicken" over a kale and Anaheim pepper mac and cheese, very good.  Simple, well cooked chicken, moist and flavorful.  The mac and cheese rich with a good backbone of bitterness from the kale.  Complex.  Perfect foil.If there is any weakness, it's the pizzas.  They are correct but uninspired.Comfortable space with a homey feel.  Friendly off Strip service.  Even better off Strip prices.  Family friendly.  Listen.  Not a single sound of a casino.  Ahhh.
5	I was very impressed with how pretty and open the restaurant was. I really enjoyed bringing my out of town guest here for lunch. The food was BETTER than I expected. I would go here again. Especially for a special occasion or very nice lunch in the afternoon. There are other menu items I will return to try. PROS: Grilled Octopus salad             Service             AtmosphereCONS: Out of the way from my side of town.             Pricey ($55.00 for a salad, 2 iced teas and an entree)
5	Our whole experience was great! We had attentive and friendly service throughout our meal, I will admit after reading some of the reviews I was concerned about this, but for us it was a great experience! We started off with the chilled veggies and hummus, the hummus was great and the chilled veggies were all fresh and tasty.We also tried the creamless corn chowder which I loved, had a great flavor, and very light.My boyfriend had the scallops (truffles, vanilla, cauliflower puree) he loved them, and said they were cooked perfectly. I had the chicken with macaroni and cheese, the chicken was cooked perfectly, very moist and flavourful, and the mac and cheese was fantastic!For dessert we had the brookie (brownie, chocolate chip cookie, topped with salted caramel ice cream). It was so beyond good, that ice cream is so good I would buy it by the pint!Also, we were offered a choice of sparkling or still water at the beginning of our meal, we opted for still water,  and I was expecting a charge as it says in other reviews, however the management must listen to some of the reviews in here, because there was no charge for water on our bill. Infact our bill was less than $90, absolutely well worth the price and we will definitely be back.
5	Can't wait to go back already.  We had dinner there last Saturday night and knew we had found a new haunt for us the moment we walked into that ambiance, then we found Charred Octopus on the menu and our evening was set into the right direction.Our sever Monica made the night EXCEPTIONAL, she was professional and yet very personable and FUNNY.  I felt like someone had taken a questionnaire and gave us the server who suited our personalities the best.  She really put the night over the top.The food here is really good.  We started with The New England Fry and Octopus.  The fry was good, but not exceptional, the octopus was excellent.  That dish alone will definitely bring us back very soon.Our entrees were the NY Strip with fries, the Brick Chicken Breast over mac n cheese and the nights special, the Lamb Porterhouse.  ALL of it was fabulous.  None of us had any complaints.  We also ordered a side of Mac n Cheese which has kale and Anaheim pepper Incorporated in to it.  This part pains me to say, their Mac n Cheese is even better than my own Lobster Mac.  OMG I can not believe I am saying it.  IT WAS SO FREAKING good that I would have no problem making that and only that my dinner.  I don't care what you order when you go, make sure you add the Mac n Cheese to it.We finished our meal with The Bread Pudding and Salted Caramel Chunk ice cream.  Very good, big portion, make sure you have someone to share it with.The staff is on top of it here.  Our meal was served with panache and our water glasses were never empty, for that sake neither were our Martini glasses.
4	Finally tried this place for lunch today. Nick was our server and he was great, very helpful and knowledgeable. The staff was great. Prompt, aware of our needs but not too prompt to where we couldn't enjoy our lunch and conversation. Mosci-to was delicious! Refreshing and crisp. My boyfriend had the Midnight Rambler and that one was stiff and delicious. The crisp buttermilk chicken sandwich was very good! But we were disappointed in the big eye tuna. It was crusted with ginger wasabi but it was too sweet and overwhelmed the palate. The spinach salad served with it was delicious though. We will definitely be back!!
5	Consistently good in with their food and always great with service.  Tonight we came for their Sunday Fried Chicken, which might be the best fried chicken in the city!!  Four delicious pieces of chicken, honey glazed carrots, and mashed potatoes for $22.  You can't go wrong.  I started with the Caesar Salad which is so good.The kids had their usual Salmon kids meal which is such a bargain and just a great dish.  My wife tried the Margherita Pizza for the first time and finished with her favorite Bread Pudding in the city!!Kudos to Honey Salt for keeping us coming back week after week.
5	Such an amazing atmosphere and ambience! If you love absolute organic ingridients this is the place for you! Really great service and excellent food! The international beer selection was definitely a huge plus as well! Try and sit outside on the balcony area if possible however the whole restaurant is amazing!
3	First the negative - The service and pacing was lacking. This is the first time we have gone with others. We arrived at 6:15 and were out the door by 7:30. That was ordering two courses and wine. We would have liked some time to visit. Please don't bring our entrees as soon as you clear our appetizer plates. It would have been nice to have 10 minutes between courses. Also whats with the wine service? The waiter kept refilling or wine glasses even if they weren't empty! He topped my glass when it was half full. I had only taken one sip.Why does an upscale restaurant have a tv at the bar? Sorta confusing as to what type of restaurant it wants to be.The food however was excellent. There was none of the over salting problem we experienced earlier. we had the creamless corn soup, favorite salad, scallops and curry chicken. All good. The grilled peaches with ricotta while very good was served with cold peaches. Not a major issue, I just expected warm.
4	Poetic about the grilled peaches and ricotta with balsamic reduction drizzle and arugula greens. Enjoy the freshness of this place and its uncompromising approach to service. Live long and prosper !
5	Totally delighted by my dinner here. seriously DELIGHTED. i had no expectations going inwhat i ate:- corn soup: creamy sweet corn soup, I'd definitely suggest this as a starter. it wasnt too creamy, there was some texture. and the flavor was pitch perfect, not too sweet, not too salty, not bland at all. - casear salad: my friend raved about this salad and after having a bit I could see why. The flavors were bold - black pepper, garlic, parm, everything melding together perfectly. The crunchy romaine and kale begged to be consumed- asparagus: crisp but a tad too salty for me. - mac + cheese: OMG where have you been all my life?! This was the BEST mac + cheese I've had. Creamy, cheesy, gooey. The pasta wasn't mushy, it wasn't too cheesy. It was just so good. There were also bits of kale in this to give you the idea that this is a "healthy" dish. Saw right through it, but who cares, just eat it! The only drawback is that there is no way you can finish this in one sitting (it's a bit rich), so be kind and share!- burger (med rare): perfection! Seriously, I asked for med rare and that's what I got. This burger made me so happy to eat. Fries were crispy. - steak: the bite I had was delicious!Pros:- FOOD! Everything I ate was so delicious. I'd come here just got the food but that wasn't the only awesome thing about this restaurant- service: we had a large party full of rowdy hungry girls and he was able to handle us with ease- reservations: making the rez for a large party was a breeze! They were also sweet enough to give us the back/side area of the restaurant, apart from the main dining room. Wasn't expecting that, but much appreciated. it gave us plenty of room to spread out and we even had a extra table for gifts- decor/ambiance: perfect. Relaxed and elegant without being stuffy. A great place to come on a date, or with a group of friends- great for large parties or snack, just make a rez!- down the street from the red rock casino!- menu was diverse enough with a range of options and different price points (my burger was only $15!)Cons:- definitely a locals spot, so I don't imagine I'd come back as I'm usually closer to the strip when visiting, which makes me sad. so sad. - random spot as it's located in the corner of a small shopping center next to a gapWould I come again? Yes! If I was in the area
5	Went here on the run after my son said he wanted mac'N'cheese.  Let's just say this is the best organic farm fresh restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at.  Mac was homemade with a gourmet twist!  I'm going back for B-day!
5	Great place! And can't wait to go back! Great vibe! Great menu! Great prices! And great service! A true gem in Summerlin. I had the HS Market Salad and my husband had the Biloxi Chicken Sandwich. Both were so fresh and so full of flavor. Can't wait to go back!
1	Very disappointed. Walked in 9:06 pm, they are supposed to close 10 pm. Hostess informed us that since it was a slow evening, they decided to close earlier. I had read the reviews here, and I was excited to try this restaurant out. I have never ever been to a restaurant that decides to close almost an hour before the time they are supposed to close. Very disrespectful. I will never be back!!
5	Vegas is totally awesome when you can go a bit off the strip. You go to the strip to indulge, but parts of Vegas are actually a real town. There's stuff beyond the strip, the glam, and the glitz.On our last day in Vegas, we were all burnt out. But luckily, we found a bit of charm.Honey Salt is that upon first glance. You walk in, and it's like going to your mother's house. But let's assume your mother is white, southern, and is best friends with Trisha Yearwood. It was modern country chic in Vegas, something that I was glad was not overrun by being on Las Vegas Boulevard.I had:*Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken - $13It was a delectable sandwich who didn't miss a mark on offering an experience. I always say that a restaurant truly has guts for carrying such an item, and they didn't disappoint. A wealth of ingredients in a beautiful chopped salad that was used to accessorize a glorious chicken sandwich. Battered chicken that was not too heavy but not too light with a great slaw sandwiched between a brioche bun.Lunch companions did the Backyard Favorite Burger and the Street Tacos as well with no complaints.Food to back-up a beautiful space made for a wonderful experience.Service did not also disappoint, Nicholas was friendly, polite, and had personality. It's a local spot for sure as it is off the strip, on this Monday it was Summerlin Ladies who lunch (we saw your champs, girls).Will definitely be back for sure. A spot not to miss.
4	Very nice lunch here, a not far for me as I came from Henderson.   The menu has a nice selection. Lots of reviews for the Mac & Cheese, which is not on the lunch menu.....however I asked about it and the server said he would check with the chef~ nice touch and they made us a Mac & Cheese. Very, very good! Not the best I have ever had but worth EVERY calorie!!!! We shared this and the Butternut Squash/bacon/pecan spinach salad. Also quite deeeelish~ and got better with each bite. The dessert was ok, which was disappointing as the reviews raved about the bread pudding. It was good but again not GREAT!   I will say the service was quite good, although the buss people which there 2 for our section, were constantly asking to clear the dishes while we were still eating. I guess this is better than not asking and once I mentioned that we would let them know we were finished they were perfect.     This is  a bit of a drive and I would CERTAINLY return if in SUMMERLIN. The place is pretty inside and also offers outside seating and a bar so that's a BIG + for dinner service~
5	Very warm and welcoming ambiance, everything was amazing and tasted wonderful. I would defiantly suggest the octopus and scallops.
4	I enjoyed my lunch experience at Honey Salt, and I liked it, but I didn't LOVE it. It definitely had the cute, Summerlin-esque feel going on. Contemporary, bright decor, fresh food, and attentive service, yep, Honey Salt has it.The creamless corn soup was delicious and the grilled cheese sandwich was pretty good (a little too crunchy, but the cheese was yummy and oozy), but I wasn't overwhelmingly wow-ed about it.  My friend enjoyed the fried chicken sandwich and chopped salad as well. We also split one of the special juices (the one with beets and pomegranate), which actually was pretty tasty too.I can see why this place does very well in Summerlin, and it is a place I'd take someone I wanted to impress (business associate, visitor) but I wouldn't necessarily eat there on a regular basis.
5	Usually when a local joint like this is getting a lot of buzz, it rarely lives up to it. This place is no joke though. A must try for any Las Vegas local. I had a fantastic meal with great service and atmosphere.For two people w/ 2 entrees, 2 cocktails, and 2 desserts it came out to under $80. We came in for Brunch, but honestly, we didn't even order anything from the Brunch specialties. Here's the rundown of what we ordered:Entrees:(1) Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken: everyone raved about this on Yelp so I had to try it. Probably the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. Honey mustard took the already perfectly cooked chicken to another level. My friend also fell in love with the Brioche bun.(2) New England Fry: Unlike any fried calamari or seafood I've had before. Great texture and flavor in this one. Definitely worth a try.Drinks: Their drink menu has one of the best selections of beers and cocktails I've seen at such a reasonable price.(1) I originally ordered an "Autumn Crisp" (bourbon and pumpkin butter) which sounded amazing, so I was a bit disappointed when they said they were out of pumpkin butter. I switched my order to the "Cherry Wood" which has Woodford Reserve bourbon, cherry jelly, and lime. It comes in a little mason jar that you shake up at the table. Had a great refreshing feel and paired perfectly with the food.Desserts:This is what took the meal over the top for me. So many great selections.(1) "Brookie": This is a cookie baked into a brownie with salted caramel ice cream. Is there any more I need to say about this?(2) Bourbon Bread Pudding: Again, had to follow the Yelpers and order  the bread pudding. Usually when I order more than one dessert there's the issue of one overpowering the other. One is so much more flavorful and enjoyable that you just don't even want to take another bite of your "red-headed stepchild" dessert. This was not the case here. I took a bite of the bread pudding after the phenomenal "brookie" and was still blown away and surprised by the flavors. There was even a hint of pumpkin in it. Not sure if this was added just for the season or if this is standard. I even brought some home and warmed it up in the microwave and added my own ice cream and gave it to my parents (who usually don't like bread pudding) and they were in love. Don't wait around on this local gem. Take your family, a loved one, or just a good friend to this place and TREAT YO SELF!
5	I randomly stumbled across this off the strip restaurant when looking at places to try on an upcoming trip to Vegas (thanks to Yelp as usual!). It only took us about 15 minutes to get to and it was really nice to feel a bit more like I was enjoying a local pick and not a super touristy casino restaurant. The prices weren't cheap by any means, but for a treat on vacation and for good quality food and service it's worth the splurge for sure. I loved the shabby chic look of the restaurant and my favorite part about the place was the large butcher block out in front of the open kitchen that they would use to finish dishes before bringing them out to the table. It was fun to watch them add a drizzle of this or a dash of that as a finishing touch. The service was also great without being over the top.I started the meal with a delicious citrus and strawberry cocktail. They also had a few beers and wine that sounded good as well. As for the food... everything on the menu sounded pretty good but I definitely had my eye on the Charred Octopus. The scallops or salmon would have been my typical choice but the chicken was enticing me because it came with their mac n cheese which sounded awesome. My fiance didn't want to split the Octopus as an appetizer so I ended up getting just that and the mac n cheese... no entree needed! It was still too much for me to finish. I loved loved loved the octopus. It was perfectly cooked.. not chewy at all and had a great charred flavor. The fingerling potatoes, avocado, romesco and aioli it was served with sounds like a lot but they complemented the octopus perfectly. I loved that I could make each bite unique by mixing and matching the accompaniments. The mac and cheese was super rich but well balanced with the addition of kale. I couldn't even finish half of it though which worked out since I munched on it later that night after coming back from some casinos. My fiance got the meatball pizza and it was great. I probably would have gotten a plain margarita pizza because the crust, sauce and cheese didn't really need much more but he said he liked the meatballs. His only complaint was the caramelized onions were a bit too sweet but since he ate the entire pizza after his large salad it didn't seem like a deal breaker to me. We were rushing to get to a show so we didn't make time for dessert but I did see a few steaming cups go by that intrigued me and after asking what it was I decided to finish dinner with a cup of their tea. They bring you hot water in a cute cup with your own individual mini honey bear and then bring you a box of Harney and Sons teas to choose from. The mint green tea was delicious with a touch of honey and was the perfect end to my meal. Dear Honey Salt owners, please open another restaurant in Tucson so I can enjoy that Octopus on a regular basis!
5	Second lunch here, better than the first! The corn soup is Freakin Incredible. No cream, just deelish pure corn taste!!! The toasted Cheese & Truffle Cheese Sandwich very good and dip able for the soup!!!!!     My husband had the Fried Chix sandwich.....he devoured it!! A hint here, our server mentioned it needs more sauce! And it did~ Cole slaw served along side this sandwich, also fresh, crisp and yummy~    The server was EXCELLENT, sorry to say I do not remember her name....cute, petite, red hair Asian girl, just the BEST#1
2	I was excited to go, wanted to love it. Just didn't. Nothing bad, nothing great...just ho hum - all hype.
5	This place is a must go.. Food is to die for and the atmosphere is priceless.. You have to try the chicken sandwich
5	Stopped in for lunch and wow what a treat!! The tuna appetizer was sooooo good, you have got to try. I ordered the margarita flat bread it was so fresh and tasty. The crust was a light whole wheat flat bread that was wonderful. My husband ordered the fried chicken sandwich, he said it was fabulous. Highly recommend this restaurant for a fabulous fabulous lunch!
4	I wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas strip so I made the 15-20 minute drive out to Honey Salt! This place is cute and hip. I loved their decor, plates and glasses. I made reservations and after checking in my party of 7 got seated in about 5 minutes. I also love any restaurant with an open kitchen! This way I have an eye on how my food is being prepared. I also appreciate a simple menu. Some restaurants have pages and pages of selections but here at Honey Salt it is simply all on one page and easy to read. My waiter Riki & his helper Tuval? were both super helpful and friendly. I would recommend Riki as your waiter. Tonight the special was 4 piece mix white and dark meat fried chicken. Honestly this was the best fried chicken I've had anywhere! Super moist and tender and its rare that a breast is tender. Usually this part of the chicken is cooked well and dry but here at Honey Salt they have perfected it! I personally had the 8oz Filet cooked Medium for $32. This price is much more comfortable then when you go to a steak house and they charge you $50! My steak was cooked perfectly and tasted awesome! One thing I regret is substituting my hash for rice. Being Asian and from Hawaii, I need rice! with everything! period. I was able to taste the hash on my dad's plate which tasted really good.My sister ordered the baked chicken served with broccoli and mac & cheese? She didn't care for it but I loved it. The chicken was moist and flavorful. The mac & cheese also surprised me because it was really good. For dessert I had the Brooklyn something? It was a chocolate chip cookie on top of a brownie and finished off with Vanilla ice cream on top. It came out warm but the cookie was still crunchy! I was in heaven! The Triple strawberry shortcake had freshly sliced strawberries, strawberry ice cream and there was another layer to make it the "triple" but I forgot what it was. I think it was whipped cream or vanilla ice cream I couldn't really tell. (Reason for minus one star) My only complaint is the $8 price tag on their Fiji water, and I ordered 3 bottles of this! I mean, seriously!? $24 for 3 bottles of water!? Honey Salt, I love you but please reconsider your mark up on the water.. Thinking back about this now just makes me upset and I wished I would've asked to speak to a manager. $8 for a bottle of water is just ridiculous! On their food menu it says $4 but when I asked Riki he said the $4 price tag is for a different bottle of water and that because I got the Fiji water instead. I guess being from Hawaii we are spoiled with tap water.Besides my bottled water misfortune, I still enjoyed the last meal of my vacation. They say Las Vegas is the 9th Hawaiian Island so you can bet I'll be back. I look forward to coming back to Honey Salt and I highly recommend this little gem. Make the drive away from the strip! You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is definitely a must go. I met up with a friend for some lunch at Honey Salt. We decided to break away from the regular breakfast/lunch joints we usually go to and try something new for once. I was very impressed with how pretty and open the restaurant was. By the look of this place, I was excited to see what the menu looked like. I appreciate a simple menu. At Honey Salt, it is simply all on one page and easy to read. The decor, lighting, music, furniture and staff definitely makes the place. The food is just a bonus. We started out with fresh, organic juices. For our main dish, I ordered crab cake eggs Benedict (which by the way was delicious). My friend ordered corn beef hash. We decided to share, so our plates complimented each other very well. For dessert we ordered strawberry shortcake I believe, with ice cream. I highly recommend this restaurant. Great vibe, great menu, great service great prices. The ambience is amazing, definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas.
3	Came with a party of 6 and was seated right away. Atmosphere was a bit fancy. A lot of people were really dressed up. Made me feel outta place with jeans lol. PROS: -Decor is very lovely. Felt really cozy and welcoming. Very modern style. -Customer service was superb. -Food came out at a timely manner.-Riki was our server and he really was nice and recommended a lot of our food choices for the night. CONS:-The restaurant was really small so limited seats but we came at a good time so it wasn't a big issue. -Prices are kinda high for the portions. - Noticed that some of the items on pictures from previous diners weren't on the menu. They really took a lot off and the dinner menu was seriously lacking. My husband had to request for them to make the burgers. It wasn't on the menu. ------------Ordered 3 backyard burgers.Husband and siblings liked the burgers but the fries were overly cooked. He also said that it tastes like Smashburger. Ordered 2 scallop ceviches, parents liked them a lot. I thought it was really salty. I ordered duck confit salad. It was very salty and it was also highly recommended from yelp reviewers but I don't really see the hype. Sorry guys. Then it came to dessert. Ordered Carmel and vanilla bean ice cream and a strawberry shortcake. I think the desserts were the main highlight of the night.
4	My friend, who is a local, recommended Honey Salt for the Burrata and Heirloom Tomato salad with the shaved bittersweet chocolate add-on. The artfully-plated salad comes with figs, basil, balsamic vinegar and extra virgin olive oil. A truly creative take on the classic Caprese salad that brings your taste buds a flavor-packed symphony of sweet and savory tastes with low acidity and plenty of umami. I also tried the Backyard Favorite Burger, which comes with beehive cheddar, tomato jam, butter pickle and a side of french fries. Ketchup comes in a mini squeeze bottle - ours was on the low side.(It would be nice if they topped off each bottle before sending it out.) At $14, the medium-rare burger was a very disappointing 2-Yelp-stars in terms of flavor and juiciness, especially after that amazing 5-Yelp-stars Burrata-tomato-chocolate salad. Absolutely nothing stood out about the beef patty, bun and accompaniments. Next time, TWO Burrata and Heirloom Tomato salads!!!!!Other notes:Free wi-fi!Shabby chic decor. (It's so hot right now.)Our server sported Ray-ban wayfarers sans lens and spiky styled hair (plus, the requisite hipster ultra-skinnies).The restroom sports an interesting "wallpaper" collage of hotel and business key cards and the like. I spotted Carl W.'s Fiserv!Desert air dried out your hands? Smooth and soothe them with some complimentary salt scrub at the restroom sink. Yummy salt water taffy at the hostess stand. Try the birthday cake flavor!
5	Very nice place. The decor is nice and so is the atmosphere. The service was fast and for the most part friendly. The servings aren't at all large, but we left feeling very satisfied. The price is a little bit high, but not at all unbearable. Would definitely return!
4	A little pricey and not as extensive of a menu as I was expecting, but I was happy with my curry-chicken dish. Presentation of food was a bonus. Ambiance and specialty drinks are great. For my husband and me, this isn't a place where we might go all the time during the weekday, but probably more a place where we would take friends visiting in town or for special occasions.
4	I was surprised when I came to Honey Salt for the first time last night to find that they were having their 1st Anniversary special, a three course dinner for $29.99.  They had a burger special, too, but instead of the scallops I had planned to order, I went with the prix fixe anniversary menu.The meal started with an amuse-bouche--a demi tasse size cup of their squash soup with toasted pumpkin seeds and pumpkin seed oil.  It was very tasty and it's a draw to get me back to try more.I was brought the standard metal container with two slices of bread and two of lavash and some honey butter.  The breads were good.The first course was a salad with pork belly.  The pork belly was cooked nicely and the greens had a tasty vinaigrette dressing.  There were red and yellow plum tomatoes in the salad.The second course was ahi tuna.  It was seared perfect;y with a red interior.  The ahi was served on red and white quinoa and some of their house made salsa.  The seasoning of the quinoa and the ahi were excellent!For dessert, the only course with a choice, I went with their butterscotch pudding.  It came in a glass jar and on the lid were some Cracker Jacks.  The lid was removed by the server and placed on the plate.  There was a layer of cookie crumb beneath the pudding and then some chocolate pudding below.  Great!Service was as good as some of the top restaurants on the Strip.  I never had more than a few sips of my iced tea when the beverage person was at the table refilling my tea.  When I got coffee with dessert, he was back twice to refill my cup.  My server, Erik, was a pleasant, genial man and he made me feel welcome for my first visit to Honey Salt.  Happy 1st Anniversary Honey Salt.  I'm glad I finally got there!
5	Every time we dine here the food is amazing and the service is stellar. We live nearby so it's our go to restaurant in the area. The food is always perfectly seasoned and it's hard not to always order the same thing because it's so good. We LOVE the scallops, the octopus, tuna tartare, and the mac and cheese with kale and peppers. The desserts are also a must. We love the brookie with the salted caramel ice cream!
5	I was so sad when Nora's Wine Bar left this location, but believe it or not this place is even better. The decor echos Vitner Grill's chic design with cozy seating, ambient lighting, and well dressed locals. When you go, take at least 3 of your friends. Make a night of it, order a few bottles of wine, and commit to sharing your dishes--there are too many good options to limit yourself to just one entree. "My Wife's Favorite Salad" is not to be missed, the combo of poached egg and truffle oil is a favorite that I order each and every time.  They have the "farm to table" approach and most things are very fresh, local, and with a revolving(seasonal) menu. If you make a reservation, request Monica as your server. She has a fun aura and is helpful without hovering. Usually a manager or chef will come inquire about the dining experience, and I think that is a nice, old-fashioned touch.
5	First time I went, and I will be back! Everything was excellent. Grilled octopus, amazing, scallops, sea bass, and bread pudding, delicious! I cannot wait to try everything else on the menu. My only wish, that the server told me the tasting menu was a rarity for that night. Please have more tasting menus.
5	Amazing lunch outside! The salty spicy chips with sweet honey butter was amazing! Service excellent. The server even helped my vegan gluten free wife come up with something to eat! Excellent and can't wait to try something new next time!
5	What a nice furniture sto....oh wait it's a restaurant. There are 2 surprising things about this place:1) it's very spacious, I definitely expected it to be smaller2) Everything was absolutely worth my money.I absolutely loved everything about this place, from the decorations, the atmosphere, and of course the food.I came here knowing I just wanted a salad. I sat down, looked at the menu and decided I had to get their anniversary special! $20 for an appetizer, main course, and dessert. They also added a nice little grass juice in the beginning. Squash soup: A little thick, good taste, not too flavorful but I still liked it. I was scared to finish it because I wanted to be able to try everything.Buttermilk fried chicken sandwich: "winner winner chicken dinner!" When this line was created, I'm pretty sure this sandwich is what they had in mind. At first I thought this sandwich would be a little too much, but it wasn't overly fried so it didn't make me feel like I would die from a heart attack. The salad it came with was addicting, they put kale. It was a nice balance with the fat sandwich.Brown bag apple pie: The presentation was adorable. I wasn't super impressed with the dessert, but it was a solid 7. I really liked the crust and the vanilla bean ice cream was a nice touch.I don't use the word favorite often, but this restaurant definitely goes in my top 10!
5	This place is great for a special sit-down dinner or a casual bite at the bar. Staff is relaxed and knowledgable about the menu which is helpful. Scallops are divine. Love the kale caesar salad, mac n cheese, brussel sprouts.. All solid. It's pretty easy to make a meal out of the smaller dishes and sides. And if they have it on the menu, the pumpkin bundt cake dessert is fantastic.
5	I really believe that an atmosphere can make or break a place...in this case I really appreciated all the design and staff decisions. It was like the place walked right out of pinterest .I ate at the bar (to avoid the wait) with my friend and the service was just as lovely. The waiters are extremely trendy, flannels and facial hair. Great. The food portions are small but tasty, Ill definitely return.
4	Everything was incredible!!! From the drinks , appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Ambiance was relaxing. Monica was amazing definitely would recommend her. Great service and made us laugh all night. Thank you for a wonderful time and making sure we try the chocolate bread pudding
4	In the heart of Summerlin is where you'll find Honey Salt. The family and I come here for dinner. I love the interior. It's bright, spacious, airy and a bit homey. The service was great and the food was pretty amazing. Entrees are anywhere from $22-30 and desserts are $9. Scottish Salmon:Served with quinoa pilaf, fennel and chimichurri. The salmon was not dry 4/5Caramelized Sea Scallops:Served with cauliflower, cauliflower and vanilla bean puree and truffle sauce. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the sauce was amazing! 5/5Mary's Free-Range Brick Oven Chicken Breast:Served with mac and cheese, peppers and natural jus. Slightly crisp seasoned skin, chicken was tender and juicy. I've been having great luck with chicken dishes lately - this is one of the good ones on my list. 4/5Triple Strawberry Shortcake:Homemade strawberry ice cream, strawberry jam, fresh strawberries and mascarpone cream. The "cake" it came with was light. This was just fabulous! 4.5/5Brown Bag Baked Apple Pie:Served with vanilla ice cream. The pie was good but it wasn't something that would normally excite me. 3/5
1	I was meeting up with a friend, who raved about this place both times that she had been here. I had also seen decent reviews, so I was excited to finally try Honey Salt.. However, I am beyond disappointed. With the help of Yelp, earlier this morning, I made a reservation on the Yelp app for 1pm. I stated that there would be two adults, and one infant...and that a high chair was needed.My friend got there before I did, and waited for our table. It was very busy. The hostess watched me struggle with my stroller, my daughter, and the door. She informed me that they don't allow strollers by the table....No duh, that's why I asked for a high chair with my reservation.... I parked the stroller in the corner by the bar, and met my friend at our table. She was the only one with a water. The waiter didn't bother bringing water for the table. I waited about ten minutes before our waiter asked me what I would like to drink. My friend ordered a pretty decent bloody mary, and I ordered a margarita....My margarita came...in a martini glass? Honestly, it was one of the worst margarita's I have ever had. Of course, our waiter, Nick, was no where to be seen. About twenty minutes went by, and I felt compelled to do a complete 180 in my seat, to find him standing, and just kind of staring... He came over, took our order, and cleared the disgusting margarita.We ordered the Turkey meatballs (10) to share, I had the burger (topped with an egg) $16, and my friend had the salmon (20).Our waiter dropped off our food a little while later, and we didn't see him until after he cleared our plates...Meaning we were waiting for water. The meatballs were the best part for me...they should have an entree of those. The burger was just OK. overly salted ( I know your name is honey salt, but come on) and didn't have any flavor besides that. The french fries were good.The french fries were good.....not really what I want to look back on and think about when our bill came to $70.....for lunch!For dessert we ordered the pie in a bag, and opted for the salted caramel ice cream instead of the vanilla. The dessert was quite good. But like I said, french fries and good dessert really doesn't save from the blah food, and terrible service. The table next to us had a blonde waitress, who really seemed to care about the ladies next to us. She has around to them about 4 to 1 (ratio) of our waiter.The check comes in a guest book, I felt free to let them know that the service was bad, and to look forward to my Yelp review.... Walking out, the hostess was gracious enough to stop texting on her iPhone to say good bye...It's funny how their menu talks about "getting comfortable", when they really don't make you feel warm, welcome or comfortable.I don't think I'll be back.
5	Uh Mac n cheese yes please! Might even be better than 9steak house and for me that says a lot. Plus they're close to home. Great wine selection too. Nice atmosphere and good service.
4	Very unique and tasty food.  The service was okay and timely.  I had the steak tacos which were very good and wife had the grilled chicken on a bed of grains and lentils (very very good).  The Pumpkin bundt cake was insanely good.
4	Pricey but delicious. The lamb chops tasting course was impeccable.  Turkey meatballs were delicious in their marinara sauce and the Tuna tartar was flavorful. Butternut Squash was ok and my girlfriend didn't care for the pumpkin creme dessert. otherwise yummy and worth the return trip
4	Have heard alot about this place, here we go!   Decor was fabulous, pictures and mirrors all over the walls.  Question, where they all supposed to be hung crooked, or have they settled and nonone is fixing them straight again.  Strange, but that's my OCD talking.  Food was 5 star in my eyes, my wife was complaining about something, but I didnt care,   I had my face burried in the fried chicken sandwich, she even wanted a bite, she got one, and then I think thats when she didnt want hers anymore, she likes to do that, trade for my great choice on the menu.   Regardless, she got no trade.  5 star food, and hers was fine.   She is just always looking for a taste of everything, cant blame her really.   Service was very consistant, they seemed pro.   What was missing here on a 5 star rating, I will not blame it on the pictures, but something was missing.  I know.   It was in a strip mall and it was a big room, the decore was cool, but too boxy of a room, didnt feel cozy.   for food5star, for decor3.5star, service 4.0 star, waitress could have given "two shits" for our brunch...that or she was hung over, attitude was shitty.  lol   How did I get there....food good, attitude yes, cute, yes, yes yes...go, you be the judge!
5	Best dinner I've had in a long time! Great atmosphere and we had a very friendly waitress. The scallops were amazing!
3	I think Honey Salt was one of my first bookmarks and it took us forever to come by. We came for dinner and honestly, it felt a lot more "fancy" then I thought it would be. Maybe it's different for lunch? I don't know. Either way, the decor is pretty cool...a wall of mirrors and the bathrooms covered in baseball cards! That's friggin' awesome!So, this is my fault for not checking but I was bummed to see that the fried chicken sandwich is a lunch item only.  Instead I went with the meatball pizza which was surprisingly good. The turkey meatballs were hand made and the horseradish shavings topping it were delicious. My wife had the brick oven chicken which was also really tasty but I thought it was a tad overcooked. They serve it almost like in a bowl with natural jus that really sets the flavor off. I didn't get to try the mac n cheese served with it but she was in love with it. Our waiter suggested a Brookie for dessert which was also really good. The brownie and cookie were both super soft and the salted caramel ice cream is awesome.Everything sounds good right? Well the food was easily 4 stars and the service would have gotten 4 if we wouldn't have been here 2 hours. We got seated fast and the waiter came out quick to get drinks then it all fell apart. About 40 minutes after we order, our foods nowhere to be found and our waiter comes out to tell us a mistake was made and our order didn't even get put in. From there, it took another 25 minutes for our food to come. Our waiter was super apologetic and even comped us the dessert but waiting over an hour for food is just crazy. We liked the food a lot and I'm dying to try to Biloxi sandwich so we will be back. Hopefully next time the wait won't be so long!
5	Tried this place for a quick lunch yesterday.  Really nice atmosphere.  It was a very busy restaurant but the noise level was never unbearable.  The food was sophisticated, and lots of layers of flavor-- my husband had the grilled cheese with butternut squash soup and I had the big eye tuna.  The service was also great.  My husband drinks an appalling amount of diet cokes every time we go out to lunch, and they must have brought him refills half a dozen times, which was impressive since the place was so busy.  It's hard to walk that line between friendly/attentive service and being overbearing, and they did that well.  They also have a $20/3 course "power lunch" which looks pretty great.  Looking forward to coming back sometime for dinner!
3	Great location and very cool menu and ideas. Service can be a little better in my opinion though. Last couple of times I've had hour plus wait for food with no one even coming by for an update... Happened twice in a row now. When the waitress told the manager how long we were waiting for our next course the anger said... "They aren't even done with the course they are on now, who cares"I'm going to give it another chance because the place is cute, but bad service/customer support needs to be improved quickly.
4	I've never even heard of this place until my sister wanted our family to go here for brunch. I got there after my family have already ordered. My food came out shortly after them which was nice.  fairly small brunch menu, but everything was delish! I had the tuna. It was so light and fresh. I love the uniform for the waiters. Service was good even though it was pretty busy.
3	I'm torn on how to review this one. The pros:The ambiance and decor are super cute. Like a dressed up farmhouse. The food is good and very "farm to table" (that's so hot right now). Good selection of cocktails. Nice patio. Open for lunch. Cons:The prices are pretty high. For food that includes sandwiches and salads, you are paying in the teens for each dish. Drinks are equally expensive. Service is hit and miss (from my 3 visits). They're friendly and all, but sometimes just seem to forget about things like clearing dishes or refilling drinks. Bottom line: it's a cool place with good food, but I won't go again unless somebody else requests it.
2	OMG, what a disappointment! Honey Salt tries so hard to be cool and innovative but they fail miserably.Menu - full of those pathetic dishes that feature a zillion ingredients and loose focus (and flavor)Service - seriously amateurish and annoyingWine list - generic and uninspiringAtmosphere and decor - I guess this is their idea of cool but the husband and I agreed that this place could be anywhere in a past-its-prime area of Brooklyn and would blend in perfectly. Again, totally boring.Honey Salt should be called Vanilla. That would be more appropriate.
2	I went with a group of colleagues to honey salt recently. It had great reviews and we were expecting a great experience. However, the restaurant was underprepared for a Friday noon rush on Dec 6. The wait staff was very nice and did their best to accommodate our groups demands. I believe my group understood that the restaurant was having trouble coping with an unexpectedly large crowd. The food came out over an hour later and the desserts were late, too. In the end the group's conclusion was that the food was very nicely prepared but that the manager was the least favorable part of our visit. His apologies were patronizing and unconcerned. The problem seemed to extend to small groups, too, since there were others openly complaining about wait times. Needless to say, our conference attendance for the day was badly affected and our request for acknowledgement of mistakes was met with a combative manager who must be further trained on dealing with difficult situations. If I rated the food, the grilled cheese sandwich was excellent so I would say 4 stars. The wait staff was also 4 stars. But - I firmly believe that the manager has damaged his restaurant's reputation with a group of professionals with money to spend and large ties to Las Vegas. Come alone to Honey Salt if you must, but not with groups.
3	I'm borderline between giving 2 - 3 stars. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and round up to 3 stars because the service can vary every visit. The food overall was average if not a little overpriced. The restaurant has overall very hip feel and their menu has some nice health conscious choices too which I did like.Free range chicken power grain "salad"- basically a salad of lentils and quinoa mixed with some nuts and berries. I liked this a lot. It was very filling and more healthy however the dish lacked seasoning. Maybe using a little citrus vinaigrette could have brighten the dish a lot. The chicken also was basically a plain grilled breast which also had no flavor. Adding a seasoning rub wouldn't hurt.Cubano sandwich- this was a nice sandwich. The bread was soft however the filling was a little sparse. Claims that the dish came with "French fries" but these were basically potato chips. They were nice and very crispy, but not French fries.Bread pudding- this was a decent dessert. Very thick and rich. I love the sauce which had a hint of alcohol in it. Very comforting. (I will rant about the Service- normally I don't comment on service, but this was the worst service I've had in a very long time. We were seated and 10 mins passed before anyone came to the table to even offer us drinks. This was at 2pm- so not during a rush lunch hour. Supposedly our waiter was backed up so the manager had to come and take our orders. Then after we placed our orders, another 5 mins passed where we never got our water cups filled and we didn't get any of the starter bread crisps that were on everyone else's table. I had to flag a random bus boy down to give us some water. Then after another 10mins a different worker came and gave us our entrees and just left without letting us ask for refills. No one gave us utensils so we sat there for several more mins before I could flag someone down for utensils. Just horrible.)
2	Honestly a disappointment. Food was ok, but price was too high, it looks nice on the inside.....moving on.
4	One of the most wonderful places I have gone to in a long while. The food was AMAZING and the service was OUTSTANDING.Our server's name was Paul. He was quick to explain the menu and take our order. This server's knowledge of the menu was phenomenal!! He knew how everything was prepared and what ingredients were used. He was polite, witty and even remembered all of our names at the end of the evening.The food came and everything and I mean everything, had such fantastic flavors & presentation. We enjoyed the Caesar Salad, Mac n Cheese and Meatball Pizza. BRILLIANT! And finished off with a scoop of ice-cream that MELTED our minds. Salted Carmel Chunk! Booya!Yay for you Honeysalt!! Give your boy Paul a raise. He's a hell of a server and asset to your restaurant.The only thing I would have liked is a more intimate ambience. I can tell they've worked the space the best they can but it was just too open and slightly noisy. But don't worry. The flavors in your mouth will make you soon forget where the hell you even are. Chances of me coming back? How does as soon as my alarm clock goes off tomorrow morning?Thanks!
4	Great food and ambience. Highly recommend making reservation as the place is really full Friday and Saturday nights. Food is delicious, a little overpriced on some items but overall worth it. Will definitely go again.
5	I live on the opposite side of town, but from now on I don't mind taking a trip all the way to Summerlin just for my new favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas! Yes Honey Salt is that good! The head chef here is a friend of a friend and is really cool and has a great pedigree. Another friend is actually friends with the owner, but that doesn't mean I'll be biased on my review though, as I prefer to be brutally honest.As soon as you step inside, you will notice the great ambiance and the interior decor. The theme of this place is very quaint and romantic especially at dinner time. With the brick walls and candles, and friendly staff, you will feel right at home even if it's your very first time here. I've already heard good things about this place and was finally able to try it out, and I'm happy I did.I ordered the New England Fry as a starter and the Mos-quito (mojito) and the Caramelized Scallops as my entree. My date ordered the Shrimp and Linguini. The New England Fry was good but I've had better fried seafood in other places. The Mos-quito was a very refreshing drink and had a nice blend of sweetness and flavor. Caramelized Scallops had one of the best plate presentations I've seen in a long time and was literally the best scallops I've ever tasted. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I tried some of the Shrimp Linguini and it was very good as well.The outside patio dining area would be great in spring but not during the cold winter here or hot summers. Also make sure you make a reservation in advance especially during the weekends for dinner because they tend get fully booked.
5	We really enjoyed honey salt! The ambiance is nice and cozy and the service was excellent. The food is down to earth and comforting. I loved the duck salad. It's neat that they get a lot of their ingredients from local farms. I want to support that. The house red isn't actually too bad and you can't beat that it's $12/carafe. We will definitely share next time because the portions were pretty filling! Looking forward to going back even though it's on the other side of town for us.
4	Love the farm to table food! Service is friendly and attentive. Ambience is warm and inviting.
5	We took our family recently to Honey Salt for lunch.  The food is outstanding, as well as the service.  The desserts are indescribably delicious!We can't wait to return to this restaurant.Marietta Henry
5	Delicious REAL food! Great service and lovely decor. Will definitely be back.
4	The Backyard Favorite Burger is one if the best in the city. Grass fed beef and the accompaniments make for a fantastic taste. I'd rank this the 2nd best burger in the city of Las Vegas and as a burger connoisseur that's a big deal. Enjoy!!
5	Wonderful, fresh, clean, tasty food!!  This place was amazing from start to finish!  The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is so cute - trendy yet chic.  The service was excellent!  Seriously, my cup of water never went below half... I would take a sip and before I knew it, someone was there filling my glass right away, without me asking, without anything!  And our waiter was fantastic.  Provided recommendations, came back to check on us, there was never a time when we had to wave him down for anything.  And the food - I told my friend that the food tasted so clean and fresh.  I had the salmon with quinoa.  And then for dessert - holy moly.... we got the Brookie!  it was a brownie and cookie, all in one, topped with salted caramel ice cream.  Seriously, so good!  And we also got the pumpkin bundt cake!  WOW!   This place is definitely a little gem in Las Vegas!
4	Second time here and I got to try a little more, and realized one aspect I loved about my first visit was gone.Sea scallops were once again great, though I do miss the way the cauliflower mash used to be prepared. It was more chunky before and plentiful. Now it's a very thin swipe across the plate. Tuna tartare was pretty much exactly the same as the first time. Still fresh and delicious as well.New items we tried this time: the beef short ribs. They came out a little bit on the firm side over the falling-off-the-bone side. They were seasoned very lightly and delicious. Very little fat and came apart nicely. The polenta it was served with had a very light hint of herbs. Couldn't put my finger on it. The brussel sprouts we ordered on the side were good but I think we had our hearts set on something cooked to more softness. These were also served firmer than we thought.Lastly, new dessert. The brookie. A brownie/cookie hybrid baked fresh and topped with a pretty perfect salted caramel ice cream.  Honestly, we could have just had the ice cream. Almost ordered that on its own!Our letdown came from service. It took a while to get us seated despite a number of tables open, simply because nobody was up front. Just to get drinks took a few minutes for someone to even come to the table. Then, our actual waitress to take our orders came after we said we were ready to order to the busser. This was not what I remembered. The last time I was here service was spot-on from the moment we came in. We were checked on frequently enough and information was plentiful. We just had to ask too many times. The warm fuzzies were gone.Still - great food and worth a visit unless the service gets worse!
5	This might be one of my new favorite cute restaurants in Vegas. So I'm originally from here, and it used to be hard to find non-chain good restaurants to go to. At least when I was younger, the only good restaurants were at the casinos. But recently Vegas restaurants and bars have really been revamped, and honey salt is an example of that. I loved the atmosphere, especially the cute wooden tables and the open kitchen. I came here for lunch with a friend and had to get the lunch special, which was a salad, a sandwich/burger, and a dessert for $20. So basically a really good deal! I enjoyed my food, and I definitely want to come here again to try more food!
4	I love this place!! Located in a small shopping complex in Summerlin is the cutest not so little restaurant called Honeysalt! First off, the personal touches from the bath salts in the bathroom to the custom napkins, and the little items for sale in the front. LOVE.For the food, I think it may be hit or miss. Clarice C and I shared the French toast and the fried chicken sandwich. Pretty sure the fried chicken sandwich was the best sandwich I've ever had! The side salad had really fresh ingredients and great flavor. I wasn't too crazy about the French toast and found it rather soggy. The employees were really friendly and focused on making sure that all the guests felt welcome and seemed very knowledgable about the menu.Overall, Honeysalt has a lot of personality and I think the food has a lot of potential; it'll just require another visit!
5	Had dinner here on two of my visits and the food and the service was over the top.  The food quality and variety were excellent.  They use local fruits and produce in season.  I would recommend this to everyone.
3	Food was good, I was put off by the seats and the table. The table was unbalanced and I felt that my drink my slide away from me. Staff was friendly and they suggested the sea bass. It was tasty and I did enjoy it. Food was what I would expect for the price. Some issues that I had, the place was kinda dark. The noise level was extreme and my wife had to sit next to me to hear me. For the most part I was happy with this restaurant however I won't be going back.
3	This is a review for their Brunch Menu.First thing is that the hostess, when I made my reservation and said, "thank you," replied back, "ok."  I knew I was in for a trendy meal.It reminds me of an LA or NYC brunch.  The service is very good, and the ambiance is very swanky and hip.  The food is reasonably priced, but it's not cheap.  It lost points on the fact that a side of two eggs (for my 1 year old daughter) was $5.  The kids' meals were $10+ in most cases.Two of us got breakfast dishes, and two got lunch dishes.  The size is small to intermediate.  The taste is a solid 3-4 stars.  Overall the best description for Honey Salt, is... average.  It's so unremarkable that I had to use a thesaurus to find words for average.  (Moderate, mediocre, ordinary, common, regular if anyone needs a word for future reviews)
5	Best surprise of mine Las Vegas visits. The scallops with truffle butter are good enough to make you cry. Be sure to have a dessert any dessert it doesn't matter they're all on believable. Worth the drive if you're out from the strip just do it and thank yourself later.
3	I really wanted to like this place...but when they bosh a birthday dinner you loose me...Last night was my BF's bday made the reservation a couple days earlier. Honestly i couldn't remember if I told them it was his bday or not so i called back shortly prior to our arrival.The first time i called the girl was very short, when i asked about doing a dessert but confirming no signing (we are not fans of ppl signing at restaurants) she was very quick to get off the phone. I figured maybe she was busy so i waited a bit and called back.The next guy who answered confirmed this would not be a problem & even asked for the spelling of his name. He was very friendly and when i asked to possibly pick the dessert to help save time etc. he again, very nicely, said not a prob then confirmed the dessert & confirmed it would be the man at the table to deliver it to.Upon our arrival the hostess was friendly and quick to acknowledge us. Our waiter (i think his name was Casey) had a great personality. The noise level was quiet high & the music choices didn't seem to fit the style of the restaurant.The food was good but not show stopping. We had the sea bass & salmon - both dishes had good flavor, nice presentation & were good portions for the price. After finishing our entree's the waiter asked about dessert - at this point i was a little worried. I stalled for well over 5 mins to hopefully give the waiter some time just in case ----- no deal. After declining he quickly brought the bill. I checked to see if maybe they pre-charged the dessert and were possibly going to bring it out shortly but no charge was there. So again i stalled, this time for at least 10 mins. But did they bring it --- Nope! No comment & well no dessert....Not a nice ending to a bday dinner, but hey thats why there are many restaurants to choose from. So if you are planning a bday dinner with a lil surprise - this is not your place.
3	I'm gonna have to give Honey Salt 3 stars due to the 4 course special that they offered the night we dined there.  I really wanna hook them up with good ole yelp loving, but my dilemma is consistency of quality.  I ordered the caramelized scallops with truffle sauce and was on cloud 9 eating my fat and juicy, little butter pillows of taste bud delight.  My boyfriend on the other hand was suffering through the 4 course special with wine pairings.  First course was a bean soup served in an amuse bouche sized portion, then the mushroom risotto, which he didn't finish.  The main course was a steak paired with Cabernet.  He said the steak had no flavor and the wine tasted like a GSM instead of a Cab.  His 4 course meal came with a dessert, but they had run out, so they offered free range of the dessert menu.  We chose the chocolate coconut cake, which was just ok.  Our friends dining with us ordered the Brookie, which is a chocolate chip brownie with salted caramel.  The ice cream alone was amazing!   The place is in the former Nora's wine bar location across from Boca Park.  They have done a nice job inside with modern, but rustic secondhand style decor.  It's absolutely adorable and charming looking. Overall I was very surprised at what we discovered, because my boyfriend isn't a picky or fussy person at all.  In fact, he is just the opposite and I tend to be a bit more particular.  I'm kinda bummed because I would like another crack at those scallops and the Brookie dessert, but I don't think boyfriend would be overly excited by the idea.
5	One Word = BrookieMy boyfriend and I ate here about two months ago and I cannot stop thinking about this amazing dessert. It is a combination of a brownie and a chocolate chip cookie topped with ice cream. It reminds me a Pazookie but better. MUST TRY!!
3	Came here on a week night. Staff was friendly happily recommended the sea bass and I decided on the turkey meatball pizza. The bass came out beautifully with a crispy skin and was tasty. The meatball pizza was just ok. Flavor of the sauce was ok and lacked seasoning. the meatballs were delicate but nothing spectacular. The restaurant itself was different but I felt like Pottery Barn exploded all over the entire restaurant, but the style fell a little flat . The kitchen was an open air concept which is cool I guess but I really don't care who's cooking my food as long as it's done safely with quality products. Not sure if I'll be back
4	Great delicious food! Had the breakfast pizza as a appetizer and a medium cook burger with fried egg on top which was very juicey.
5	Everything we've ever had here has been amazing. comfort food with a nice twist to wholesome fresh salads with the best ingredients.  We come in every chance we get.  If you go on Sunday for breakfast the apple butter pancakes are the bomb.
5	Absolutely loved this place.  The decor and feel of the restaurant is truly one of a kind.  The food is amazing,  everything we had was delicious and the flavors are on point. I can't wait to go back!
5	Great spot for brunch.  Staff is excellent and the management is great as well.  Food is big and tastefully prepared.
3	After driving around to find some fried chicken, I finally parked at Honey Salt for some lunch on a beautiful, cool day.  There is outdoor seating but the indoor seating was so nice and bright, it didn't matter where we parked for a meal.  It's very modern and comfortable inside, with mismatched chairs that create a cohesive dining area.  After scanning the brief menu, I landed on the one thing I heard so much about--the fried chicken sandwich.First, the appetizer of turkey meatballs arrived.  The meatballs were moist, flavorful, and the sauce with ricotta was just perfect.  I could eat a whole order on my own and be satisfied for lunch.  I did not crave it the next day, but it is good eats.The chicken sandwich arrived right as I took the last bite of my meatball appetizer, presented freshly with a side salad and stacked nicely.  I had high expectations for this sandwich, and as I took my first bite, the honey mustard hit first, followed by the salty coating of the chicken, then the creamy slaw and pickles.  The bun was really good and held up to the sandwich.  The flavors played well together, the chicken was hot and moist with that crispy exterior, and the side salad cooled my mouth down, complimenting the sandwich far better than fries would.Despite the positive experience with this sandwich, I am shocked that it's one of the best fried chicken sandwiches in Vegas.  I understand that the texture and flavor profile are great, but this sandwich did not leave me satisfied the way I expected to be, and I wasn't head over heels in love with it.  I give them kudos for great flavors and textures, but I cannot say that this was the best fried chicken sandwich in town.  It is in the top 5, but not in my top 3.The day after eating this, I didn't crave it again or believe that Honey Salt would be a regular trip for me.  Although they have a great cocktail and food menu, I felt as if I didn't belong.  That, and the food wasn't good enough for me to become a regular and true fanatic.  Still, it was an enjoyable lunch and I wouldn't adamantly stop anyone from eating there. I would, however, suggest KFC or Chik-Fil-A for a chicken sandwich over this $14 one.Happy eating.
3	Consider visiting this restaurant your ticket to a dinner theater show called "Summerlim  Moms".  In this no-holds barred domestic cavalcade, the topics range from the latest refurbished cuisinart deals to the fact that the Vitamix can indeed make soup!  They should make the food optional and charge admission.The food actually isn't bad, although it's not inventive by any means, but that isn't the main attraction anyway, right?
3	OK, my first yelp review, so bear with me. I tend to break things down into categories, so I'll go with that for now.Atmosphere: Confusing. Decor is kinda kitschy, supposedly to evoke dinner at mom's or something of that order. Yeah, if you have really loud obnoxious relatives; maybe it's due to the construction of the space, but the place was LOUD! For the price (more about that later), this is a special-occasion restaurant for most of us, but I wouldn't recommend it for an romantic/intimate one. Service: No complaints here. Our server (Eric, I believe) was extremely pleasant and most helpful. He took the time to explain some of the menu items, checked on us fairly often, and  was generally very friendly. High marks here.Food (quality): Again, very few complaints. Food was fresh and flavorful; portions, while not huge, were pretty satisfying. My wife had the roasted beet salad (actually part of the 4-course special but our server told us we could order it a la carte) and enjoyed it very much. I started with the Caesar...the black garlic dressing was delicious! Highly recommended!  My wife's filet mignon was well prepared and presented; I had the brick oven chicken and was very pleased. Moist, tasty, and the mac & cheese was excellent. Topped off with the Brookie for dessert, a very nice meal.Food (value): And here's why I tend to shun trendy restaurants. A cocktail, a glass of wine, a beer, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert: just this side of $140. Brief breakdown: the beer, although a John Smith from England, was served out of a can! Some may call this "ironic"; I say, "tacky!" The aforementioned beet salad? A few pieces of beet, a little arugula, a dollop of ricotta...$14! And although my chicken was very good, one medium-sized chicken breast doesn't warrant a price over $20. And before the Summerlin crowd starts chanting "Go back to Denny's", I'm talking value, not price. My last two steakhouse meals (Silverado and Circus Circus) were each about $30 less for a comparable meal.So, all in all, good, not great, and not worth the price.
5	Great service!  Will definitely go back again.
4	Enjoyed a great meal with a fabulous beet salad to start and octopus as an appetizer followed by the chicken curry dish which is a bit on the salty side but still extremely tasty. We then finish the meal with a plethora of dessert; bread pudding was by far the most delicious, apple pie was not to far behind
3	The food was fine but not amazing.  The decor is done very well.  The problem is that the service is so incredibly slow that even if the food was 5 star, the overall experience would still be average.
5	The food and service was perfect. We shared the calamari as an appetizer, I had the scallops and he had the braised short ribs as our main courses, we shared the Mac & Cheese/Brussel Sprouts as our sides then shared a brookie for dessert. Everything exceeded expectations and I would definitely come back. Yes, it's pricey, but definitely worth it. Not sure why this place hasn't received more 5 star ratings!
5	I've never tried comfort food until I came here. I tried their truffle grilled cheese, and their ceasar salad for brunch. My oh my was it delish! I'm a big grilled sandwich person so trying this sandwich definitely had me impressed. Perfect consistency with the truffled cheese to the slices of bread. Their ceasar salad is EVERYTHING. If you're looking to have a nice salad, I'd recommend this salad. I'd also highly recommend their fried chicken sandwich. Most people go there to have that sandwich and having a bite....or two from my friend's, I would've cose this as my second choice if I had.We also had their bottomless mimosas for $20 that day (every Sunday) with your choice of the classic orange juice and champagne or blood orange and champagne. Now, the blood orange mimosa is very tart so if you don't mind it I'd highly recommend it. That's all I was drinking for two hours. The servers were super attentive, ensuring our glasses of water...AND MIMOSAS were always full! Seeing as though they might not have been able to keep up with our thirst for mimosas, they were so kind to just send us a carafe to fill ourselves in case they could not get to us in time (NO JUDGING FROM THEM HERE!). They checked back at a decent rate maybe three times during our meal just to see if we were ok and carrying on a light and funny conversation. High five to the servers their and their guest services. Bottomless mimosas do come with a warning: THEY ARE CREEPERS, YOU MAY FEEL BRAVE TO DRINK A LOT OF IT, BUT I ASSURE YOU YOU'LL FEEL THE AFTER EFFECTS BY LATE AFTERNOON.I was also impressed by the cleanliness and aesthetics of the bathroom (clean bathrooms are a big deal for me. 1. because it tells me how attentive the establishment is. 2. I like to get comfortable after a big meal.). They even had this nice salt scrub to soften your hands with which was very different from most bathrooms I've gone in. Love the salt scrub? No fears! They tell you exactly where you could purchase them. Brunch for 4 with 3 of us taking the bottomless mimosas we left at a tab of about $130 excluding tip and tax. Well worth it for a nice brunch with the girls, or in laws! Definitely, one of my best choices for brunch.
5	Love it! Their salads are great, their service excellent and their atmosphere easy-going.
5	Found this place from yelp and loved it!!! Amazing grilled cheese and the bread pudding is to die for!!!
2	This restaurant is mediocre at best. Atmosphere is lovely however the poor food quality is why we won't return. I think they are more caught up in the concept of the restaurant than the actual flavor and presentation of the food. The farm to table concept works well if you can enjoy the flavor of the ingredients which we could not. Most dishes were extremely salty, so much that I could not taste the tuna, avocado or scallops in the dishes. Brussels sprouts were burned beyond recognition. The mac and cheese came swimming in the au jus of the chicken dish rather than on the side, so the entree was a soupy mess of watered down flavors. Staff was pleasant and heard our feedback. I am curious if the chefs are even tasting the food before it goes out. Overall very disappointed with this place and won't be back.
5	Need a big warm edible hug? Honey Salt has nailed comfort food. I had the tomato caprice salad to start while trying to make up my mind on what to have for dinner.  Everything on the menu made my mouth water, so I just asked the waitress to surprise me. I ended up with the Salmon (Atlantic fresh caught) - it was Melt in my mouth amazing! For dessert I had the Brown Bag Apple pie, I am sure this pie has won awards somewhere. No offence to Grandma but Salt Honey's Pie takes the cake! The service was perfect, my water was never empty the timing and delivery on courses was perfect and even though it was a busy Saturday night they didn't rush us  out the door. The ambiance is beyond warm and charming. A little East Coast Hamptons meets Napa. As a native Portland Oregon'er I was excited to see that the bar had the Blazer Basketball game on and I had a birds eye view from my seat..They lost in overtime but I will save that rant for another blog. Anyway, if you are looking to get away from the strip and cozy down for classy yet casual evening MAKE A RESERVATION at Honey Salt...You only live once so make sure to order the damn Brown Bag Apple Pie. I can't wait to visit LV again so I can go back!
5	The best bread pudding in town by miles. Awesome atmosphere for a date night dinner or brunch with the girls. Delicious rustic menu meets delectable desserts!
1	I would love to rate this place better but my husband and I waited for any kind of service or at least an be with you in a second we never even got to sit down. Now I am a patient person since I work in the industry but when you only have one table and 3 employees helping that one table at least an acknowledgment would of been nice. Needless to say we did not stay, sad cause I really wanted to try the place.
5	Being invited to a friend's exclusive birthday dinner tells you that you've arrived in the social world!  Tonight, this was another opportunity to Yelp a potentially fantastic place, so I wasn't going to turn this down at all! This restaurant is located on the other side of the valley butt I've heard amazing things, so I needed to see this place for myself.  First off, let's talk about the mall this restaurant is in.  What a beautiful place!  Soo different from what I'm used to in Hendo.  Summerlin and Boca Park really shows it's money!  When you walk up to the restaurant, you can tell it's going to be amazing.  There's an outside patio lined with picket fences with lime green chairs and tabletops, sheltered with oversized white Christmas lights.  My description makes it sound cheap, but soo not the case.  It was super whimsical and created a VERY romantic feel.  When you walk in, you'll notice a cute bar to the left, merchandise wooden shelves to the right and a beautiful restaurant ahead.  Exposed brick wall, low chandeliers, dim romantic lighting, a montage of framed mirrors.  What an amazing look and feel!  The table tops were chunky wooden tables, only helped build amazing character.  Our server was extremely detailed and attentive.  It seemed like there was a server and server assistant.  We were always helped on.  One thing I noticed:  They refresh the entire table before each course.  Everything!  Down to the utensils.  Their dishwasher must be working overtime.  Speaking of food, the servers first brought a basket of ciabatta type rolls and cheesy bread crisps.  The star of the show was definitely the honey butter with EVOO (Extra Virgin Olive Oil). I literally wanted to spoon that by itself.  It was so delicious. Butter seemed whipped, sweet and the oil brought another creamy element.  So good!  For appetizers, I got the New England Fry for $15.  It was Ipswich clams and calamari, fried, blistered shishito peppers grilled and served with a sriracha-lime aioli.  WHAT AN AH-MAZE-ING app!  The batter was light, the aioli was insanely delicious and long stalks of peppers offered so many different textures and flavors.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  For dinner, I got the Braised Beef Short Ribs for $29.  A nice portion of tender short ribs, served over a bed of creamy polenta and topped with a carrot and baby mixed green salad.  The short ribs.  OH-EM-GEE.  The short ribs were fantastic!  Super marbleized and sooo tender!  There was a brown gravy reduction over it and brought a nicely salted flavor to the meat.  You literally could cut it with a butter knife.  The polenta was creamy and delicious.  Great side dish to the meat.  It was flavorful, yet didn't steal the show.  The carrot salad was accompanied with a balsamic reduction and the baby mixed greens offered a light and crispy texture.  Man, this dish was off the chain.  It was so good, I NEED everyone get their butts in and try it. The entire experience that night was top notch.  Every detail was not left behind and super appreciated.  Even when they brought our checks, they put the bill into a note book, full of little drawings and poems, written by other restaurant guests.  Not to mention the bathrooms have an exfoliating coconut salt mixture for you to use on the way out.  This is the ultimate date night experience. You NEED to take them here, trust me! If you're ever in the area, please, please try them out.  Honey Salt, thank you for an amazing experience!
4	Everything about the food is perfection. My server was pretty blah. Lacked personality and didn't seem to want to help us pick out things from the menu.  Get the scallops, and anything with the salted carmel ice cream.
4	We had a wonderful Valentine's dinner!  The food was great, the service was even better!  The short ribs were amazing as well as the Mac and cheese!  Will definitely be back!
5	Lunch here again~    The steak salad, really really wonderful! I hate the word Excellent, but that word does describe it.     Flavorful medium cooked steak served warm with chilled lightly dressed greens quite a good combination.     Perfect for lunch not to heavy add an Arnold Palmer = wonderful  luncheon      Never have been disappointed when dining at Honey Salt, and neither will you!
4	We went there for our 4 year anniversary, as we had heard from friends this was a great restaurant.  For our first course we had the Burrata and Heirloon Tomato salad and the Elizabeth's Caesar.  The tomato salad was pretty good, the Burrata was a lot creamier than a regular buffalo mozzarella, which I am used to.  It took a minute to get used to the texture but overall, a good version of a caprese salad.  The Elizabeth's Caesar was very lightly dressed.  Much to our disappointment.  If ordered again I would ask for extra dressing on the side. As for entree's we recommend the Caramelized Sea Scallops.  Perfectly cooked and the cauliflower two different ways (charred and pureed with vanilla bean) was a great accompaniment.  For dessert we ordered their signature "Brookie."  Basically a chocolate chip cookie pie with brownie filling.  Served along a salted caramel ice cream, this dessert is worth the trip to Summerlin.  Their bread and cocktail selection is also very good. As for service, our waiter was nice.  However not very attentive.  Never asked if we wanted a second round of drinks until we were completely dry.  We would have gotten another if he came around quicker.
4	Great food and atmosphere.  I really enjoy outdoor dining as well and they have a small sidewalk section to accommodate.  Service can be a bit off when busy but I have not experienced anything that impacted my overall experience.  I've had wonderful items from both the lunch and dinner menu.  Be aware that portions are human sized, not the massive American platefuls we are often accustomed to from chain restaurants.  Treat yourself to the Bananas Foster French Toast sometime.  You won't regret it.
5	this place is AMAZING! the atmosphere is adorable with neat brick walls. Great bar. Definitely must try!
3	This place is trying too hard. The food is bland, it's too noisy, too crowded, everyone is running around and no one is smiling. The people are nice enough and everything's fresh, but there's nothing outstanding about this restaurant. I had high hopes and had heard good things. Too bad we're starting our 1st wedding anniversary celebration out with a disappointment. Sorry to say that we will not be traveling across town to come here again.
5	Absolutely incredible. Awesome vibe. Awesome drinks. Get the chicken curry its to die for. Never have room for dessert but it always looks SO good.
3	We were just around the corner and yelp'd nearby restaurants and Honey Salt popped up!  I had actually heard about this place from a friend a few months ago, so we had to try it.  I was especially interested in trying the fried chicken sandwich, but silly me- it's not on the dinner menu!Just a few notes:-We were seated right away.  The first thing we noticed was that the restaurant's name is LITERALLY on everything, haha.  -It's a little dim in the restaurant, in fact the older groups surrounding our table were actually using the flashlight apps on their phones to read the menu.  -My boyfriend and I were wearing jeans and a t-shirt, which made us stick out like sore thumbs!  -The chef was hanging out in the front the whole time and didn't greet any customers or walk up to any tables, including the special event that was going on.  This may seem nitpicky, but it seemed weird that he was just kinda doing nothing the whole time!-Meal sizes are small.  Not a complaint, just an observation in case you're reading this and planning a dinner on a budget!-There is a large seafood selection!First, based on a recommendation from our server (very friendly), we ordered the grilled octopus ($16).  It was tender and had a nice char; the sauce underneath and the other components all fit pretty well together.  Unfortunately, the bus boy took our plate without asking if we were finished!We shared the special ($30 for two 5oz. Lamb porter house steaks, cooked medium rare).  It was perfectly cooked and I swear I tasted some type of Indian/Mediterranean flavors in the jus.  Not a lot to savor, but we're supposed to be thinking quality over quantity!Finally, we ordered two desserts- the brookie and bread pudding.  I love a good bread pudding that is moist and drenched in sauce.  This was not a great bread pudding and I was pretty disappointed!  It's a HUGE serving comparable to a rubix cube and SUPER dry.  There was not enough sauce and it wasn't gooey or sickeningly sweet like bread pudding is supposed to be!  The "brookie" is a chocolate chip cookie housed in a brownie with salted caramel icecream on top.  All components were good, but I'm not so sure either dessert was worth the $9.   ***FYI, 2 desserts is too much!*** Overall our dinner totalled $68 (not including tip).
4	Very interesting restaurant.Pricy restaurants usually detour me from enjoying their food; but I have to say the food was delicious.The atmosphere and service was very nice.The Honey-Lava Salt butter is a new but delicious experience. I only wish I had some cornbread to eat with it. lolNana's tiffin chicken curry: Every component of the dish was flavorful.Mary's free range brick oven chicken: Moist and well seasoned. The mac&cheese underneath the chicken was interesting. It had a sweetness to it.Honey salt steamed edamame: Nicely cooked with Orange zest on it.pumpkin bundt cake and the brookie: soft, moist, flavorfulBut what I really loved was the  salted caramel chunk ice cream.
2	Went between hours so the menu was limited.  Although there were hardly any customers it took a while to get anyone to take my order.  I ordered a drink and watched the very not-busy bartender eventually get to it while chatting with my waiter and another person.   About 10 minutes wait to order the drink.  Maybe another 10 to get it so I ordered immediately after.  The food actually came fairly quickly but was just your average, slightly overdone fried clams and calamari.  Of course the clams had sand.   Based on the reviews I expected this place to be better but it didn't even meet "average" on the food.  What was really a trip was the half lemon that was grilled... it seemed to be a re-use of something that had already been squeezed!There are so many better restaurants nearby at the same price point.  I wouldn't go back.
4	Love this place! Hip decor, kind of an upscale, urban shabby chic mix. The food is as eclectic as the decor - interesting menu but several basic favorites. Menu is smaller, but it seems to keep the food quality and presentation strong! The staff was hip-looking too and very welcoming.
4	I took my sister here for her birthday dinner and wanted to treat her out to somewhere nice. The scenery of the restaurant was elegant and relaxed. It was quite busy since it was a Saturday but there was no problem with that. I had made a reservation and we were seated right away. Service was good, they made sure our drinks were tended to. As a starter, we shared the New England Fry which was amazing! The sirarcha-lime aioli had a great taste and it was a great combo with the Calamari. I ordered the Mary's Free Range Chicken and my sister ordered the Filet Mignon. Everything was good from drinks to dessert, the only downfall I had by not giving the 5th star was that my chicken wasn't moist and it was actually the opposite. It was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. The mac and cheese definitely helped when eaten together and had no problem with the mac and cheese it was actually quite delicious!I do plan on coming again and I definitely recommend trying it out! I'll try the Filet Mignon next time since my sister enjoyed it so much!
5	Had reservations for a family dinner, table was ready and spacious to accommodate us.  We were greeted warmly at the hostess podium.  Server approached us right away and accommodated any requests we had immediately.  Staff had definite team players, all worked well together running out food and taking orders.  Didn't make me feel like I had to order from just one server.An immediate plus is that the ingredients used are all artisanal, farmers market products or grass fed all natural meats.Had the grilled octopus (nice big chunks of tender octopus) and Caesar salad as starters, margherita pizza (probably least interesting dish) and Carmelized Sea Scallops, which were very good but had just a touch too much vanilla.  Menu is not huge or overwhelming but has decent selection of dining options.Overall, love the atmosphere, food and staff, will most definitely dine there again.  Extremely busy restaurant, recommend reservations, however service never lacked.
2	We had lunch reservations but ended up waiting about 15 minutes before we were seated as only one busser was working. Two star rating mainly is for poor service; plenty of servers bustling around but  took forever to have someone take our order, and then none bothered to check in with us. Perhaps we shouldn't have been surprised  that this oh-so-trendy yuppy place but paid huge attention to the celebrity there. Very noisy and tables close together. Food is so-so; overpriced for what you can get better and cheaper at similar restaurant.
2	I felt that the Caesar salad (for $12) was extremely overrated. I wanted to see what all the hype was about at Honey Salt. Ordered a carafe of wine....mediocre wine and it was $24. The service was slow and lacked in personality. I don't like to be "bothered" but she never came by. I didn't know that I'll go back.
5	I've wanted to come here forever and Restaurant Week 2014 seemed like the perfect opportunity.  I arrived on-time for my 7pm reservation but had to wait for my table to be made ready which took about 5 minutes.  That showed me just how popular this place really is!!My guest and I each ordered the prix fix menu and decided to get the opposite of each other so we could taste everything!For starters I had the turkey meatballs, which were served very tender with a tasty red sauce on top, they were gone very quickly!  I had a few bits of the Caesar salad which was very fresh and crisp.  There was also a bread basket, the butter which has both a hint of honey and salt (HAH) was really good!Next up was the oven roasted chicken with Mac & Cheese.  The chicken was tender with only one bone, which allowed me to enjoy it instead of hunting for bones and fat to pick out.  My guest had the scallops, she said they were amazing, I've never had them so I have no standard to compare to.Finally was dessert, the best part.  First a bread pudding served like a tall square cake, and a apple crisp a la mode.  I'm not even a bread pudding fan, but that thing was amazing, so warm and soft.  I love apple crisp and this didn't disappoint, but next to the bread pudding it was definitely second place.If you want to impress someone who isn't a foodie, come here because the atmosphere and food will leave you wanting to come back.  I can't wait to come back here and have lunch and get more of that bread pudding!!!
3	Pretty Meh.I had heard all the hype about Honey Salt and it sounded really up my alley/perfect for me. I went last night for restaurant week and while it was a passable meal it certainly wasn't blow me away good. Service- this was great, no problems with it.Bread- I was excited to get soft butter- I HATE when you get bread and the butter is frozen... but unfortunately the bread was super hard. REALLY hard. Turkey Meatballs- this appetizer was actually pretty good. You get 6 meat balls which is pretty beefy for an app. I liked the cold cheese that came with them and overall would rank this high.Chicken/Mac and Cheese- Here is where the real trouble started. Presentation was a bit odd- the chicken comes on top of the mac and cheese and there is a brown sauce over everything making the mac and cheese a little watery. The chicken was a little overcooked for my taste- I am willing to gamble cook wise to make sure the chicken tastes moist and this chicken was very well done- you could see the stringy grain on the inside when you cut into it. The skin was crisp and delicious though. Desert- this was the low point for me. I got the apple pie and my roomate got the Brookie. The apple pie was sort of luke warm and a bit bland. The vanilla ice cream was very strong though and I appreciated that. The Brookie we thought was a big disappointment. It seems genius- combine a warm cookie sunday with a warm brownie sunday and on top of it salted caramel ice cream- this seems like heaven. But, the devil is in the details. The cookie/brownie wasn't really warm and the cookie being on top made it really hard to eat- as soon as you poked through the cookie (which took some effort) the whole thing sort of collapsed. The salted caramel ice cream is super strong tasting which i liked but my roomate did not. Overall I was disappointed but I will probably give them another chance. Sometimes restaurant week menus are not representative of the place and there were a lot of things on the regular menu that sounded good.
5	I'm ashamed to say this was my first time since they've been open! What better time to come than the week of my birthday which happens to be during Spring restaurant week :)I don't remember what kind of bread  we had but the soft butter that probably had honey in it but I wasnt paying attention had olive oil and black lava sea salt. AMAZING!Lunch is $20.14 for a three course for restaurant week. What an amazing deal right? I ordered the HS Market Salad and the Beehive Smoked Cheddar Grilled Cheese. They brought out the Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich instead but it wasnt a big deal. I ate it and had no regrets. Everything was amazing, the portion of the food was perfect. Who wants to eat heavy for lunch right? As we were waiting for our Warm Bread Pudding our check was dropped. I mentioned to our server we havent received our dessert and she was very apologetic about it. Even sent out complimentary espresso's with biscotti. Service recovery here at Honey Salt was very on point. Everything we ate and drank was great. Service is awesome. I love the ambiance of the restaurant. It's all on its own. Nothing like this anywhere else. It's clean, everyone is nice and its beautifully decorated. If youre coming in from out of town this place is worth the drive. You won't regret it. I will be back.THANK YOU STEPHEN JEROME FOR EVERYTHING & THE HONEY SALT STAFF!
5	This is such a great restaurant...we come here so often that most of the staff knows us by name and always seem happy to see us.  I love that there is a restaurant near my home that serves fresh and innovative dishes that I can also bring my kids to.  The service is always on point...every server is so knowledgable about the food and the wines they serve.  Chefs Kim and Joe are masters and every meal has not only been delicious but a work of art visually.  Do yourself a favor and try this Summerlin gem.
4	Friend took me here, due to the fact that I just graduated college, and got a job, in my degree/field. so a free lunch is great either way. lol I want to comment on the ambiance first. Being that it was in summerlin, it was a little upscale. but it was a very a open setting. servers seem relaxed, for a busy saturday lunch. I always like to watch the servers, body language tells alot if they really like their job or not. made feel relaxed/welcoming throughout the whole dining experience. friend had the biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. had the power lunch combo. she loved the sandwich, and it came with soup which she didn't like, server gladly switched it for salad. who can mess up salad right?? salad was nothing special, mixed garden greens. I had the big eye tuna. a, with wasabi pea & ginger crust came with salad, a baby spinach, asian pears, sea beans, in a  creamy soy vinaigrette. Great flavor all around. don't eat too much seafood but tuna definitely made ma fan. would go back. only complaint, was soup obviously, and maybe 2 or 3 more slices of tuna. but everything as far as quality of food and service was great.
2	The Skinny: the food tries too hard (3) service: it's good service but their menu again are deceptive with their unclear pricing structure (3) Value: for the quality of the food they serve, it's really overpriced (2).I don't know why the hubs keeps wanting to come back here. In my head, Honey Salt is trying too hard to modernize/upgrade modern comfort food classics -- when there isn't much wrong with the the original in the first place. Sigh. Okay. Moving on.'We've come back twice since our first visit.We came for dinner once and lunch more recently. Dinner was a vast improvement compared to the horrible brunch last visit (see previous review) so we decided to hit it up during Restaurant week for lunch this week.Going to this joint during lunch is pretty much another episode of the "Housewives of Summerlin". I swear one table of two probably had enough "cosmetic enhancements" that is worth more than a house. Yup - this is the atmosphere here.We noticed though that they had this power lunch deal - $20 for a sandwich, soup/salad, fries and a choice of two desserts. My hubs reviewed their power lunch deal and was like great! That includes their Wagyu beef burger and he wanted to give it a shot. As it was listed under the sandwiches, you would assume that you'd pay the same power lunch price. BUYER BEWARE: 3 dollar surcharge on their burger option.  Which is bulls^&t because no where on the menu does it say that they charge $3 extra for the burger.Whatever. On to the food.I got the Caesar salad with kale, their version of a Cuban and fries with a raspberry sorbet. The Caesar was decidedly okay - it wasn't anything special - the dressing didn't have enough garlic/lemon punch to it. I also like a good anchovy kick and it just wasn't there. The Cubano was definitely lukewarm borderline cold. The thin layer of what looked like italian ham didn't offer enough salty porky goodness to offset the dry/flavorless roasted pork. There wasn't enough mustard, it definitely needed mayo and more pickles. The cheese wasn't really melted on to the sandwich either to get the gooey factor. Overall - a pass for me. The fries were okay - pretty much your standard fries from anywhere.The hubby's hamburger was okay as far as he was able to say but the patty was definitely underseasoned.The bread pudding was good. Nice caramelization and not overly sweet. The raspberry sorbet was nothing special though and I probably wouldn't recommend getting it again.Overall, I think their food deserves a 3. Considering the prices they charge for the okay cuisine, this place is over priced by a long shot. Plus, the deceptive prices they have on their menu makes this place a 2 starred review. I really don't feel the need to go back here.
5	One of my favorite finds in Las Vegas so far. The farm to table inspired menu is incredible and you really feel like you're eating in a cozy dining room.Menu Highlights:Serrano Ham & Quince - grilled bread, mascarpone cheese, grated chestnuts, balsamic reductionXL Monkey Bread - baked citrus brioche, honey bourbon sauceCrab Cake Benedict - poached egg, asparagus, tomato hollandaise sauceBiloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken - creamy slaw, house durkees dressing, brioche roll, chopped saladSmoked Beehive Grilled Cheddar Cheese - cheesy truffle fondue, rustic sourdough & tuscan bean soupButterscotch Pudding - salted caramel sauce, toasted marshmallow, graham crumbleBrookie - chocolate chip cookie meets chocolate fudge brownie, with salted caramel chunk ice creamPumpkin Bundt Cake - bourbon pumpkin mousse, pumpkin butter, candied pepitas
4	Delicious!  I had a great experience.This is almost as good as it get for Las Vegas.  Most of the large establishments on the strip are very good but generic... or what I call crowd pleasers.  The menu here isn't large, but the flavors were excellent.Server (Monica) was excellent.  They had 2 parties of 25 come in just before us and they managed to get our food to us in a very timely manner... drink too a few seconds longer but she pushed to get ours through before the huge party!  And she didn't have to tell me... I saw it happen.  Octopus was great.  I was nervous because the pieces were slightly larger so they tend to be tough and chewy sometimes but they were perfectly done.  I also had the chicken curry, which was wonderful.  Great flavors.  No complaints :)I really liked the cooks attention to detail and the fact that they didn't really play it too safe.  Most dishes had a variety of flavors (sweet, savory, salty, etc.) which can be hard to do.  For example, I think (not 100%) they had a honey butter with olive oil and sea salt... great combination.  Next trip I will add in cocktails and dessert!  This was a wine night for me.
5	Love the brunch and lunch.  Creative tasty dishes well-prepared and nicely presented.  Nice ambience but a little loud.  Service is good and ask about the specials.  Awesome grilled cheese and soup combo, nice salads and eclectic entrees.  Nice bar like Nora's b4 HS.
5	Delish ! on recent trip to Vegas a friend and I came here after she raved about the scallops.  WOW such a DELISH meal. Great space, great decor, great staff & great food. You can't got wrong. Leave the strip to find this gem, well worth it
5	Uh-Maze-Ing is really the word I would use to describe this place. A few co-workers suggested a lunch here and I was excited for a week to dine at this place. I had read the reviews and looked through photos and hyped myself up for a few things. Once I walked in, I was instantly impressed. Honey Salt definitely reminded me of a few of my favorite places in SoCal (La Jolla area to be specific), so I felt at home. We were seated at a large table right in front of the kitchen so we could see all of the action. We ordered the whole wheat veggie pizza as an appetizer but we weren't impressed. It was just meh. Even the vegetarian at the table didn't go back for seconds. The cracker/chips that were on the table were amazing....or maybe we were just starving. I went for the power lunch which included a salad, fries, your choice of sandwich and a dessert. My salad was great...and yes I've had places to screw up my salads before...then there was the Biloxi buttermilk chicken sandwich that makes my mouth water as I type this. A cracked out version of the chick-fil-a sandwich is an accurate description! I was satisfied with it. Even had the buttery bun with a sweet honey mustard sauce that put my taste buds in heaven. With the power lunch you get the option of the bread budding or a raspberry sorbet for dessert so I decided for the warm bread pudding but was not impressed at all. At this point I was so full from my salad and sandwich I wasn't bothered by the bread pudding. The staff was always attentive to us and made sure we had everything we needed. I will definitely be back. The apple pie and burger is next on my list!
2	My husband and I went here because my husband had heard from a few friends that it was fantastic. Our meal did not at all reflect that reputation.While we did enjoy the ambience and service, the food was disappointing. Though it was clearly well cooked, it was bland. From the bread to the entree (roast chicken) to dessert (apple pie), everything suffered from a severe lack of flavor.This would be a great restaurant to take your mother to, especially if your mother is as deathly afraid of spices as mine is. I would go back just to have a drink at the bar, but definitely not for dinner or dessert.
3	Have been here three times, I live in LA and Las Vegas. I come here especially for the food first (excellent) and second to get away from the hustle of strip. It is very loud ! Do not come on a weekend night unless you want to be rushed throughout your meal.  Very uncomfortable.  Waiter and bus boys approached us to ask us if we were finished with our plate every 3 minutes. A restaurant is were you come to enjoy the food and spend time with friends and family. At one point the manager approached us and asked if we were finished, we just had started desert ! He was pacing back and forth thru the restaurant, glancing at the tables that were not eating/leaving fast enough? He would mumble something and shake his head. This short stature man was a show by himself.  Listen I understand its a business and you need to make money... but dont do it at the expense of the patrons that are there.  Salmon was great, bathroom wallpaper is made out of sports cards? (Really). Get rid of the Tvs too, you are trying to be too many things at once.  Thanks for the memories wont be back...
3	2nd time I have been here.  First time was when it opened.  Food was very good.  Service was good.  This visit, Do not go here at peak times because they can't handle the business.  I went for a birthday celebration.  Was ignored by the hostess, once I got her attention she said  that it was 'her bad' because she thought I was with another gentleman...well that's a bad assumption, especially when i was staring her down..  she curtly told me that I was 10 mins early and the table would ready in 10 mins  I left, came back and the table wasn't ready for another 10 mins.  Normally not a problem but she assumed I was with someone else in the beginning even though I wasn't, said my table would be ready and it wasn't.  Not high caliber service.  Then, after being seated we ordered drinks.  They were out of 1 that we wanted, ok, so we ordered others.  Well the waitress came up dropped off all drinks etc one.  She was distracted by the women at the table next to us who were waiting to pay their check.  She took off with the friends drink never to return.  Now, mind you we waited at least 15 mins for the first drinks.  We then had to tell 3 people that we are waiting for a friends drink.....20 mins later we all had drinks and could make formal toast since it was a birthday celebration.  I just think that the service should be as good as the food and today it was not.  There are many choices in  Las Vegas and this one won't be on my list to recommend.
5	I've already been here twice within less than a week- safe to say this is my new all time favorite traditional/American restaurant in Vegas! The hostesses were kind and very accommodating both times I came in.  First of all, the decoration is beyond adorable yet somehow the bar area still fits right into it all.  The outside seating area is so cute, something you dont find too often in Vegas off the strip.  There's an adorable little green fence around the table with beautiful strings of light above.  The interior decorations are perfectly adorable and chic as well.  Be sure to try the taffies and the salt scrub in the bathroom, it is AMAZING.  My first time I went for lunch, second time dinner.  I was rather surprised at how well the restaurant transforms from a cute place to a nicer, more romantic. and chic place at night.  The lunch and dinner menu are different.  I currently like the lunch menu more, it has more variety for sure.  That being said, I have only tried three things on the menu so who am I to place a judgement? For lunch I had the Ahi Tuna salad and it was GREAT. plenty of tuna (that was of very good quality might i add), fantastic dressing, and it did not feel heavy or too rich, eespecially for lunch.  The bread and crackers before hand came with their special butter, it was all quite delicious!! I split bread pudding for desert and it did not disappoint one bit.   Rich, fresh, and flavorful, with the perfect amount of mascarpone on top.  Both times I had coffee which was great.  I am usually pretty picky about my coffee! The second time I came for dinner and had the shrimp alfredo.  It was certainly good, but I did expect more flavor.  It was intensely salty however;, and for me that is saying something because I usually love lots of salt on my food.  That being said, my servers and bussers were FANTASTIC both times.  They didn't make us feel rushed one bit, they were relaxed, professional, and friendly.  It gets five stars because everything was great, I just need to try more from the dinner menu.
3	Went last year with a small group. Huge bill and half of our party didn't drink or eat much. Nothing memorable aside from the insane tab. Will probably give it another shot sometime.
5	Friendly staff. Good cocktails, Amazing food. Food was very balanced.  The heirloom burrata salad was amazing. Tried it with chocolate and it was a whole new experience. The octopus was tender and went well with the potatoes. The short rib was so tender it melted away my heart. Dessert although not here yet, bread pudding will be epic. Server was awesome very knowledgable.......the dessert that came at some point was awesome. So rich and paired nicely with the ice cream. Will be back
5	I love this place.  Many people scoff at the idea of farm to table in Las Vegas.  However, Honey Salt actually lists the farms they source from at the bottom of their menu.  Many of them in Pahrump, so I guess it is not such a crazy idea after all!I started with the tuna appetizer, which is amazing.  This is the second time I have had it.  What was more amazing is that everyone at the table agreed on raw tuna to start.  Sometimes it can be a hard sell to some people.  This is my top two favorite tuna dishes in Vegas.So moving on to the entrees, I had the backyard burger because I had recently read about it in Desert Companion.  Let's talk about how all aspects of the burger were good: the brioche bun, the meat, the cheddar...however, take a moment for this to sink in: bacon jam.  That's right, bacon jam.  You lift the lid off your burger and put your face down there...and smokey wonderful ness awaits you....Everyone else at the table got pizzas and scallops.  We had the mac and cheese as a side, and it's fantastic.  I thought Rachel's kitchen had the lock on putting new and interesting items in mac, however, Honey Salt puts kale.  That's right, kale.  And it's good, so just try it.Moving on to dessert.  We had a brookie with salted caramel ice cream.  Let me tell you something about the salted caramel ice cream...it would be entirely appropriate for you to ask them to put a scoop on everything you order, including your wine.  It is that good.This place can fill up on weekends so make a reservation, or better yet, go during the week.  Treat yourself.  Why not?
1	I ordered a Turkey Ball pizza. It was horrible. It was cold. It didn't taste like pizza. I am not sure if I would order the pizza from Honey Salt.  There take out is very disappointment . The food gets cold & doesn't taste good while u are ready to pick up. I don't think I would order any take out  at Honey Salt.
5	We came here during lunch hour and it was only half of the menu because the kitchen was closing and getting ready for dinner time. We had the New England Fry and the Backyard favorite burger. Everything was on point, the fried calamari was the shit, don't be scared to try the roasted green peppers that come on top, super flavorful. The burger was super juicy we had an egg and bacon for the topping, we literally finished everything even the pickles and lettuce that was placed on the side. I chased everything down with a cold glass of Stella. We finished our meal with the Brown Bag Apple Pie and it came with vanilla bean ice cream.. We also killed that too when I thought I was full. The service was great, the place is very clean also "cute" and modern. Ooooooh the bathroom even has an exfoliating scrub which I spent like 7 mins in the bathroom washing my hands.
4	Pros: beautiful ambience, tasty, old-fashioned American food, and great service. Cons: Overpriced, tendency to overcook.Honey Salt is a homey, well-rounded, professional American high-end sit-down restaurant/steakhouse. The restaurant's ambience, color arrangements, furniture designs, and setup were phenomenal; couldn't have asked for more out of this type of American cuisine chef-run place. The Charred Filet Mignon was overcooked fairly heavily (though I requested Medium). Entrees overall otherwise were phenomenal, with a wide range of taste profiles and menu options, also with your traditional Free Range Chicken and Filet Mignon. Appetizers were great as well: I highly recommend the octopus and balsamic tomato salad. The octopus appetizer dish had good portions, and an AMAZING sauce for $15.00 which was a decent deal for large portions at such a high-end venue. Unfortunately, the suckers on the tentacles of the octopus were slightly charred/burned, and some were quite underdone. If you find a well done piece, you are guaranteed to love it. I would recommend trying the: octopus appetizer, balsamic tomato appetizer, quinoa appetizer, Free Range Chicken entree, and Medium/Medium-Rare (they tend to overcook) Filet Mignon. Thanks to Honey Salt for a overall fabulous restaurant experience!
4	Absolutely LOVED my lunch at Honey Salt and would gladly leave the craziness of Vegas to eat here again (and again). To start, the crunchy pita-ish crackers that are served with sweet butter on the table are divine. I loved my HS Market salad (that probably changes by the season) - it was chock full of delicious lettuce, kale, turkey, jicama and more. The honey salt dressing was incredible! I also had the meat balls as an app and really enjoyed them --- 6 light and tasty little guys. If you're conscious about eating and what goes in to your meals and are willing to pay for it - try Honey Salt and read about the owners - they're inspirational.Bonus: the most lovely ambiance to boot!
5	I enjoy coming to eat here. It's a great place for lunch and dinner. Food is superb and wait staff is knowledgeable of the menu. Have yet to not have an item of the item that I did not enjoy. Their Salmon dish is exceptional, lite and the peppadew chimichurri makes the dish. I also recommend their specialty cocktails and desert cocktails.
5	I love this place! The scallops are amazing and so is the bread pudding. The atmosphere is so nice. It's a far drive for me but definitely worth it. It's a very romantic restaurant to go on a date. I will recommend this restaurant to everyone I know
4	Wonderful atmosphere. Great service. Good food... not the best that I have had, yet pretty good. Not inexpensive.  Good menu selection. Calamari was outstanding. We ordered that as an extra dish as we all ordered the tasting menu with the wine pairings. The wines were interesting and I questioned the pairing of some of the wines to the dishes, yet otherwise it was good.
4	Alot of hype but food is good.I would like more selection on the menu, but what is there is good.
5	My favorite place to eat in all of Las Vegas. First everyone who works here acts like they really care you're here. The drink menu changes quite often and I've never been disappointed. It's very hard to write a review for a place as good as this. Everything is great. Atmosphere, food, drinks, prices even. Just do yourself a favor and stop by sometime, grab a seat, and relax. Honeysalt will take care of the rest.
5	This place just became my favorite place in Vegas to eat. So delish, fresh and unique. Great cocktails and yummy food with cool decor and ambience.  I got the veggie pizza and the Mos-cito drink. Both very good! I will be back!
1	This place doesn't really deserve 1 star but I needed to balance out the inflated scores other people are giving. It has been so incredibly hyped up that people who can't tell the difference between great food and average food will be compelled to give it 5 stars based on ambience and reputation alone.  Yes, the atmosphere was farm-chic, but that also brings an air of snobby when you're close to Summerlin. That justifies them serving up extremely overpriced dishes that are average at best.Don't get me wrong--I'm willing to spend the money for quality food. I've paid $1800 for a sushi meal for two before that I felt was worth every dollar, but the whole experience here left a sour taste in my mouth.
5	This place is great! They have unique takes on classics like the grilled cheese. The atmosphere is perfect for a business lunch. I highly recommend the turkey meatballs, and also the salted Carmel ice cream.
4	Once inside, the experience is so lovely. They manage to transcend the ubiquitous restaurant mall experience.
5	Honey salt is simply amazing! It was my husbands first time on our 3rd anniversary and the entire staff took extra care of us! Thank you! We look forward to coming back! Casey, Sherlene, the bartender, and Paul too
4	Finally got around to trying out this place!We went early to avoid the lunch rush.  Even the kids found something to eat (there's a kid's menu)!The food was good; we had the New England Fry (YUM), Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, and the burger Kim's style.  Everything was delicious!  Definitely want to go back again!
5	The decor and food are memorable: a true gem in Summerlin that usually you wouldn't expect in a city like Las Vegas. Unique, original, and tasty!I ordered the Burrata and Heirloom tomatoes: yum! Just tasted like the real Italian burrata. It was followed by Mediterranean Sea Bass, cooked to perfection, with a side of Roasted Cauliflower. Service was excellent too.
5	Wow!  Best meal we had in Vegas!  We took a cab from our hotel on the strip to try this place.  Money well spent.  The food was amazing, atmosphere perfect and the service superb!
2	I'm starting it with two stars because the food is amazing!!Service is PATHETIC.The hostess lacked a smile but I didn't pay much attention to her. I say for five minutes without any acknowledgment from ANYONE. To my dismay my server is the same gentleman serving the patio... Wtf?! No wonder he's not paying us any attention. I ordered a beer and they finally bring automatic water upon the greet. We waited another five minutes before he comes back. As he FINALLY takes our order, a table seated after us who fit the typical Summerlin persona already has appetizers?!   Anyways the food was amazing.. Grilled octopus is cooked to perfection and did not disappoint! He came by maybe twice and I saw his assistant more than him. Dinner was over table was cleared... Oh man, my favorite part.. Are you ready?! ANOTHER FIVE MINUTE WAIT!!! Just to be acknowledged by the Assistant with a dessert menu. I'm a big fan of the brown bag dessert, however I was so tired of waiting I remembered I had Oreos at home which obviously won't disappoint. Step your game up Honey Salt.. I really want to bring my family here.
5	Perfect lunch place!  The food was fresh and tasted great!! If they have the bread pudding on the menu, it's a must have...and I don't usually like it.
2	Oh, the hype!  I had wanted to like Honey Salt; I really did.  Don't get me wrong; they do not serve bad food.  They just serve it in flavors that are catered to palates that hardly ventures out the perimeter of Summerlin. Upon arrival, we found the outdoor dining area to be directly outside the entrance of the restaurant.  They picket-fenced the area and hung christmas lights overhead, but it still seemed odd to be fifty feet away from Talbots (a women's clothing store).  I do give them credit for trying though. Upon walking in, the bar sits on the left and the dining area sits on the right with the open kitchen toward the back of the dining area.  The decoration is a relaxed chic - California style with a Hampton twist.  I like it very much; it's tastefully done but not so much that it feels pretentious, which is what seems to be what Summerlin is all about, unfortunately.  (Tivoli Village, anyone?)  We waited at the bar for our entire party, and the bartender was very nice.  I tried the Garden Mule, and it tasted like a mojito to me.  It had a huge basil leaf in the drink, and I am not sure if the basil was not washed properly, but my drink had this pesticide taste to it.  (Know what I'm talking about?  I may be crazy, too...)  I took the basil out, and over time, it tasted better...  Not sure if it was the removal of the leaf or as I was finishing the drink...The staff at the bar was very nice and offered us water and all the things a good bar offers.  No problems there. Upon being seated at our table, we were greeted by Casey right away.  We were explained the menu, and Casey was extremely helpful with the wine selection of the night.  We went with the Nobilo Icon Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc 2012 at the price of $43 a bottle. Now getting down to business. The bread basket was good.  Nothing to write home about, but I must warn you about how good the butter is.  Beware, because you will want to eat the butter with a spoon.  "Getting Comfortable" (that's what they named the appetizers:We had the England Fry and the octopus.  The octopus was good, but it was not spectacular (and not for the price either).  It's good enough to share between two persons.  The England Fry was nothing special at all, and I mean nothing.  I can make better shishito peppers at home...  and find much better calamari and fried clams elsewhere!  Everyone I talked to raved about the scallops, I had the scallops.  For $31, you get six scallops (which is more than you usually get at other places) and a handful of cauliflowers.  The scallops were cooked right, not over or under cooked, but it was, once again, uneventful on the palate other than the overpowering truffle sauce.  If you like truffle, then you may find this dish fulfilling.  But I personally like my seafood with a hint of truffle, as how truffle should be... The bf had the sea bass, and as soon as the dish arrives at the table, I knew it was going to be not good.  It looked dried and overcooked, and it tasted like it.  I was not at all impressed with the sea bass at all.  I would not recommend it unless dried fish is what you like. One of our friends had the duck confit salad, and it looked boring, which I personally think it's hard for a duck confit salad to look boring.  It's duck confit!  I digress... Our other friend, the husband of the friend who got the duck confit, had the curry.  It did not seem like he was ecstatic about the curry.  His wife actually literally said it tasted like "dirt."  To reflect accurately, she did say that she does not like Indian curry.  All in all, was Honey Salt terrible?  No.  It obviously has its redeeming qualities to deserve a 2-star from me.  I think the owner scaled the flavors of the food just right for the Summerlin clientele. (If you do not know what I am talking about, maybe you'll like this restaurant, and I encourage you to try it!)  However, I am afraid Honey Salt can be easily overlooked for another "trendy chic locally grown restaurant" that seem to be sprouting up in the Summerlin area left and right.   I personally, unfortunately, will not be coming back soon...
4	Wonderful ambiance, tasty beer selections, out of this world food, decedent dessert, and very attentive service. Honey Salt is a definite Do Not Miss far from The Strip.
2	I had the chicken curry and was not impressed. The rice wasnt even cooked right and the curry had a very bland flavor. Everyone else seemed to like their meals. I tried the scallops and they were tiny but okay tasting. I wouldn't really recommend my meal but apparently others were happy.Atmosphere  was nice and overall feel was good. I like the servers and the venue just not the curry.
5	Food was delicious! Ambiance top notch. Fun, classy decor to look at everywhere you turn. Our server was super attentive and ready with menu suggestions and recommendations. We will absolutely be back and bring our friends! :)
5	Wonderful, relaxing vibe. Excellent, attentive service without being overbearing. Delightful food. Came here with a couple others for a business dinner. We shared the tuna tartare, charcuterie plate, and a couple other dishes. Everything was beautifully prepared and tasty. Good place for a date or business meal.
5	Scallop heaven!  I am in LOVE!  I have eaten here several times and always find myself going back to these beauties. They are always plump, tasty and cooked to perfection.  The mash of cauliflower just compliments the scallops and it also happens to be a veggie whipped into a potato like substance that is stupendous.  I am a low carb diet lover so this checks the box for me.
5	Went on Mother's Day without a reservation and accommodated us at the bar. The pomegranate tea is really nice and the chicken sandwich was tasty. Lightly breaded and a good coleslaw and homemade mustard. Husband had the burger and the flavor is unmatched. We could have done without all of the juiciness - let that baby rest for a minute before sticking it on the bun.
5	When I went back I had the prefix menu fantastic
2	Not impressed. Great decor, great location - service, food and overall vibe was ack! Will try again in a few months.
4	I went back.. got a different server. She was incredible and I was very pleased, except she had a very large section she definitely seemed a little frazzled. Food was good as ever and my mom was more than pleased that I took her out for Mother's Day.
5	One of the best neighborhood gems in Las Vegas.  A foodie heaven for sure, with fresh farm-to-table fare!  If you are staying on the strip it is well worth the drive to Summerlin (my old stomping grounds) for an exceptional dinner.  Note that the dishes are seasonal so you may not see the dishes I talk about below on the menu.The fried chicken was out of this world.  I have had many upscale, foodie fried chicken dishes and this was 2 out of 3 (Stripsteak still tops the list).  Juicy, crispy, perfectly cooked and bursting with flavor.  Also the scallops with parsnip puree and cauliflower was to-die-for.  I wanted to literally pick up my dish and lick it clean.  They also have a great selection of specialty cocktails and wine.  They also homemade non-alcoholic beverages, which is a huge plus in my book.  More restaurants should have these options - helps the restaurant and provides non-alcoholic options besides tea and soft drinks.Only negative is that in the winter, the restarant can get very cold and drafty with the location of the front door.  When I am back in Vegas, Honey Salt will be at the top of my list!
3	Food was good.  My scallops were exquisite!  My friend had sea bass that was good.  The original cocktail I ordered the server came back and said they did not have all the ingredients so I had to choose a different one. This was a disappointment and then the cocktail I finally choose was not that good. The desserts were not great and came highly recommended.  The server really lacked personality and he actually turned me off. I guess I had high expectations and when I finally was here it was disappointing!
4	I really like the idea behind Honey Salt - the juxtaposition of the sweet & savory ...but I think they take themselves a tad seriously.  Great for cocktails and you can expect a solid satisfying meal for 1/2 what you would pay on the strip.  Waiter was slightly uppity...I think that might be where I got the too serious vibe.  I just didn't feel like he was genuine at all - more like he was doing a sales pitch.  The other staff we encountered seemed cool enough.   The mac n cheese was some of the best I've ever had.  They serve Pok Pok drinking vinegars and I appreciated their beer selection.  A little far to go if you do not have a cab and are staying anywhere close to the strip.  If I were a local though I would definitely go back.
1	Very bad experience tonight and I won't be back. Have been here before and loved the good and experience however tonight was terrible. We sat down at 6p and made reservation on open table. Took server 5 minutes to greet us. By that time we were irritated because it was way too long of a wait. No apologies just why can I get you to drinK. Really? No upsell or suggestive sell? We ordered all of our apps and drinks and then had to flag down the waiter to order our meal. Truly felt as if we were not important. A party of seven with a bill of $350 clearly isn't trying to be cheap but yet we were not taken care of and had to ask for bread, drinks and refills on n/a beverages. The two managers walked around the room quite a bit and never once did they stop to ask about our experience. Really poor table touching.  When I flagged down a manger and told him of out experience he just said okay and never once apologized.  Just goes to show you how much value they out into guest service. We won't be back and I will tell everyone I can if this experience.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere and nice servers. I came here for lunch and the place was pretty steady with patrons. It's hidden in the corner of the shopping center so you'd never really see it unless you go into the parking lot. We order their flat bread pizza and the shrimp tacos. OMG....the shrimp tacos are so delish. I really didn't want to share, but I gave it up in the end. The Meatball Pizza was eh...not too sold on flat bread pizzas. I ordered the Brookie for dessert and I'm soooo glad I did. So a Brookie is the product of a chocolate chip cookie mating with a brownie. No Seriously! They smashed together and topped with salted caramel ice cream....i could taste the love! I will definitely be back for more!
5	Honestly, one of my favorite local places to eat. Whenever we come into town, we always stop by here.  Every dish has been amazing, tasty and fresh.  Make a reservation. Place fills up fast.  Try the salt scrub in the bathroom.  Best thing ever!
4	Came here for dinner, the ambiance is very cute and welcoming... Kind of a vintage pottery barn meets rustic chic look. The service was okay, nothing fantastic but got the job done. I had the chicken which in my opinion was a bit overpriced for what I got but overall a very pleasant experience.
5	One of the best dining experiences I've had in awhile!!  We had a party of 6 and everything was perfect.  To start we had bread and butter which was to die for.  Then the waiter brought us group of 6 gals two appetizers of their bread and guacamole, with the side of their kale smoothie (yum!!).  I ordered the lunch meal which was their original salad and splurged for the fried chicken sandwich.  Everything was to die for.  I had a bite of my friend's heirloom and brie salad with chocolate shavings and that really gave me the reason to write this review.  To top it all off, I had the bread pudding which was top notch!  Excellent service (with us rowdy group of 6 ladies catching up!) and even better food.  I will DEFINITELY be back and will recommending it to all of my friends and family!
5	Found this place based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Had a fantastic lunch and I loved the decor. Will definitely come back when I'm in the Summerlin area.
4	Lunch was wonderful! I ordered the HS power lunch including, their version of a classic grilled cheese, soup & fries-- oh and a dessert of your dreams! Every bite was better than the last. I loved the flavor combinations and it was very filling. The dessert I chose was their bread pudding with a scoop of the salted caramel ice cream. The ice cream was hands-down the best I've ever had & that is saying a lot because I've had a lot of ice cream. ;)I was ecstatic with the presentation of every dish & just the overall atmosphere-- very pleased & looking forward to coming back to try the dinner menu. -B
5	Honey Salt is by FAR my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.As a local foodie, Honey Salt is a dream come true. The atmosphere, the service, and most of all the FOOD are nothing short of perfect. The menu is seasonal, and that being said it changes quite frequently but the quality of the food is consistently great!
2	This is based on my dinner experience. I've had a few friends recommend this place and figured I'd try the dinner menu out even though the breakfast and lunch seems like a better experience. The service was decent but the food was really mediocre for the price they are charging for a dinner experience. I don't mind higher price points, but portion size and taste was not worth it. $24 for a dry piece of chicken breast with macaroni? I might come back for the lunch but my review is based on dinner so take it for what it is.
5	Yes Melissa totally redeemed my last trip here...   I came back for the good and now the service reflects what I ate.  Melissa good job dealing with my PIA friend who was out of line for something so petty.  (That was not a test she just has no manners). I had a crab cake Benedict, my friend had the frittata and momma Lia had the Biloxi friend chicken sand.  Bottomless blood orange mimosas to counteract my obnoxious friend made it A++++.  My Benny was so delicious that I wanted to lick the plate and I am not really a hollandaise fan.  If you are looking for a cool place to eat with a show stopping menu and casual/fine fine service come here and ask for Melissa.
4	I love coming here and with mom visiting I figured this would be a good place for lunch! Her shrimp tacos looked amazing! I had the roasted peach salad. Pretty good but the marscapone was a bit much! As always good atmosphere and decent service!
2	Well... Let's see, I've been to Honey Salt three times now and honestly not sure I'll go back again. I consider myself pretty knowledgable about restaurants and food in general and I just consider my recent experience as unexciting. The food is a little on the expensive side (very comparable to strip hotel prices) and just blah. I understand this restaurant is big into the farm to table mentality (so over this catch phrase) and utilize mostly local vendors but really $170 for lunch for six with no apps or alcohol and one ate from the children's menu. Half of us had water, our splurge was a couple desserts.   I guess the biggest letdown was the less than stellar food. My daughter had pasta with butter and cheese on kid's menu, no cheese and it was maybe 3/4 cup of pasta with olive oil salt and pepper, $8. Side of kids edamame, $4. Then my husband had the burger, $17, overcooked, forgot his bacon he ordered with it and the fries, well let's just say they need to change the fryer oil. So... While it was not awful, our lunch today was just very blah. In retrospect there are so many other places I would have rather spent my money.
4	We ordered the Fry appetizer because of the reviews, but we were disappointed. Everything else was yummy. We love that salmon is an option on the kids menu since our 8 year old loves seafood. I had the Honey Peach salad, hubbie had the sea bass and other daughter had pasta. Should I mention the desserts?! The black and tan butterscotch dessert was amazing! As was the brookie (cookie baked in the center of a brownie) with salted caramel ice cream. Wish we lived closer or they would open one up in Henderson. We would definitely go back!
4	loved the food! price was fair.
5	From acclaimed Michelin star steakhouses to the trendiest gastropubs, from AYCE buffets to authentic Asian food, Vegas has a ton of restaurants. Unfortunately, almost all of these restaurants are not dog-friendly. I even heard that you can't walk dogs on the Strip because they wanted to keep the peddlers and their dogs off Las Vegas Boulevard. Therefore, trying to find a dog-friendly restaurant will require you to leave the Strip and head over to the more residential areas of Vegas. Perusing the Yelp app, that is how the wife and I stumbled upon Honey Salt, a glorious restaurant in the Summerlin part of northwest Las Vegas that feels like Palm Springs, CA... complete with wealthy white people and golf courses.Like morons, we decided to do a late lunch with our four-legged son, Charlie, in the hot desert that encompasses Las Vegas. Blame our stupidity or the fact that we are so used to taking him around with us everywhere in Southern California that we did not realize how fucking hot it gets in Las Vegas. That is why when we arrived at Honey Salt, their spacious patio was empty. However, almost immediately, one of their workers, Mauro, came out and set up a patio umbrella for us to shade us from the hot desert sun. I'm sure he was thinking, stupid tourists! As we were waiting for the umbrella to be set up, our mindful server, Louis, brought out a bowl of water filled with ice cubes for Charlie! He even brought out two glasses and a pitcher of ice water for the dumb humans! First impressions go a long way and we were definitely impressed. We ended up ordering two of the "Family Favorites" off their lunch menu. The Mary's Free Range Chicken ($15) and the Ahi Tuna Salad ($17). The Mary's Free Range Chicken is served with red and white quinoa, beluga lentils, shaved fennel, radish, avocado chunks, and a citrus vinaigrette. While the chicken was very good, the grains definitely stole the show. This hearty conception was delicious and the citrus vinaigrette made it really refreshing. True to their name the citrus vinaigrette provided the "honey" and the grains provided the "salt".The Ahi Tuna Salad was equally amazing. Yes, the wasabi pea and ginger crusted ahi tuna was great and the baby spinach with cream soy vinaigrette was delicious. However, the real star was the sea beans and julienned Asian pears salad mixed in what was a sesame kind of sauce. This single salad had both "honey" from the sweet Asian pears and "salt" from the sea beans. Freaking awesome.All in all, the service and the fresh farm-to-table food was really impressive. It's definitely a hidden gem in the Las Vegas desert. Next time the family is in Vegas, we will wait for the sun to go down so that Mauro won't have to break a sweat for us.* The complimentary Parmesan crisps served with honey butter were very addicting and they have an extensive beer selection.* Honey Salt is located in the inconspicuous Rampart Commons shopping center with a Chico's, Gap, and Pottery Barn at the northwest corner of Rampart and Charleston. If exiting the Rampart exit off the Summerlin Parkway, the shopping center will be on the right.* Honey Salt must be doing something right because they will be opening up another restaurant in the Summerlin area!
5	My husband and I had wanted to try Honey Salt since we moved to Vegas and we heard about it from our friends and we finally got the chance to try it during a date night. It ended up being restaurant week and we decided to go big or go home. The menu consisted of two appetizers - meatballs and caesar salad, two entrees - we both got the chicken with the mac and cheese (the best part) and two desserts - bread pudding and apple pie, which were all amazing. We were so full by the end of the night but every bite was worth it. I hope that they have some of these items consistently on their menu but I am more than willing to go back to find out.
5	Very impressed with this establishment. The way they run their operation is awesome. Great service all around, ambiance is very chill + smooth (some good music playing in the background), the main course was cooked perfectly. Midnight Rambler is my favorite drink now. So, I can't complain. ..well... Maybe just one, the New England Fry wasn't cooked well bc the batter wasn't fully cooked. But man.... The chicken and pork chop was damn good! Seriously. The chicken was juicy and they left the skin nice and crunchy! My friend gave me a piece of the pork chop and that too was cooked perfectly! Wish we had this place in Los Angeles. Anyways, I've had like 4 of the "midnight rambler" (their signature cocktail- damn good) and I'm just rambling on so I'll end this review here and maybe edit this when I'm in a sober state of mind. Peace!
5	Honey Salt is my favorite farm to fresh restaurant.  The food is amazing on both lunch and dinner menu's.  Sea salt Carmel home made ice cream is to die for!!!Great service, great people, great food!!!
2	Thumbs down for selection and flavor. Cost for said selection and lack of flavor makes it not worth it to me. I have never before had calamari that had no taste. My husband said is burger was decent, but for 1/3 the price we could get In n Out =/ The desserts were typical, nothing special, but at least they had flavor and were sweet enough for my hubby's sweet tooth. Service was neither excellent nor horrible. Oh, the two stars?...one is for the cute market set up at the entry.
5	Atmosphere is fantastic. Service is even better.  Food is delicious and I highly recommend this adorable place.
5	I can't believe this place has been in the neighborhood for two years and I just got around to dining here. I never noticed it because it is tucked away back in the corner of the strip mall.All I can say is, Wow! This place is awesome! You would usually have to travel to Manhattan or L.A. to enjoy a dining experience such as this. The menu items are a bit pricy, but well worth every penny. There is outside seating, but it was way too hot to eat outside today. The dining room area is nice and cozy. There is a small bar up towards the front of the restaurant. The kitchen staff looks extremely professional and organized. There is an expediter that checks every dish leaving the kitchen. The staff is very friendly and efficient. My Iced Tea never got less than half full. The busser did an excellent job!The food was outstanding! This place is a hidden gem. The apps are around $15. The entrees run between $23 to $33. The sides are about $7 and the deserts are around $9. They even had a pre-set menu at dinner time with part of the proceeds going to a local charity.The Food:Bread basket - Excellent!Served with potato bread, lavish, and honey/salt butter.Tuna Tartar - Excellent!Very fresh and tasty.New England Fry - Excellent!Fried clams and calamari with a tangy mayo on the side.Free Range Chicken breast with Mac & Cheese - Excellent!Grass Fed Filet - Excellent!Cooked perfectly Med Rare.Seared Scallops - The BEST ever!!The truffle sauce served with the scallops is unbelievably good. Wow! So good.Parmasen Fries - Good.Just fries. Nothing special.Bread Pudding with Salted Carmel Ice Cream - Outstanding!I hate bread pudding, but the person I was dining with said it was one of the best ever. I even tried it and if bread pudding did not sound so gross to me, I would probably enjoy it.Peach Pie in a Bag with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream - Outstanding!Served in a small dish covered with a brown paper bag. The peach pie is served with the crumb pie crust on top of the peaches. So good!I don't usually get this excited about my reviews, but that was an incredible dining experience. Highly recommend. I will be back to this place often.
4	This was probably my 10th visit so I figured it was time to write a review. Tonight we had the grilled octopus (5 stars), Mediterranean bass (4 stars), kurubota pork chops (3 stars-a little bland), and bread pudding with salted caramel ice cream (4 stars). But their complimentary lavosh was one of the best parts of the meal!Their menu changes seasonally, some of my other favorites are the fried chicken (and fried chicken sandwich) and the turkey bolognese.My only complaint is, tonight we witnessed the hostess and another man (not sure if he was a manager, but he wasn't a server) arguing right in front of us. While this isn't acceptable at any restaurant, I'm sure the owners here would be especially horrified. It was a busy night and I can understand tensions are high, but save it for after closing. We had a reservation but had to wait about 10 min for our table, feeling awkward as we listened to the bickering back and forth. Service is usually pretty good, however, so we will most likely be back. But if this was our first visit, it wouldn't be the best first impression.
4	Went here for a late lunch and got the grilled cheese w/ sween corn soup. The bread and cheese were super tasty and the side soup was just right. Food was a little healthy but the quality of food was great. The restaurant itself definitely has a cutesy fresh feeling that doesn't feel like a typical vegas place.
5	My team left the strip to dine at a locally owned restaurant, and we chose Honey Salt.   This place was well worth the drive.  Incredibly quaint place, beautiful inside.  If it was diner for two, this would have been very romantic.The majority of us chose their 4 course Summer of Love menu whereas they donate a portion to a local charity.  All items were wonderful!
4	I came here for a business lunch on the recommendation of the associate I was meeting. In short it's pretty pricey, considering the portion sizes, but what you put out monetarily, they make up for in the quality and details. Not just the details of the food, but also the restaurant! It's fairly small but with the charm of a chic, modern cottage feel. I'll be back. For sure!!!
3	Been to Honey Salt about 3-4 times, the first time I thought it was unique, off the strip, nice decor and ambiance, food was decent.  When I think back, all I can remember being good were the scallops, nothing else stuck.  Recently took my parents there and had a decent experience but suddenly realized that the food was actually not that impressive for the price.  This sounds ridiculous but you might be better off going to cheesecake factory for the prices and will receive better tasting food.
4	I absolutely adore this restaurant for its decor, service and delicious, flavorful food.  I've thoroughly enjoyed each dish that I have ever ordered in the past year.  This is one of my "go to" places to take out of towers and locals.  Their farm to table inspired lunch and dinner menu is fantastic. I'm looking forward to trying their brunch!
4	Loved the ambiance of this place! Super vintage and adorable, comfortable, and just a great environment. Our server was very friendly and carried on some fun conversations with us. Even the bus boy was wonderful!My mom and I ordered light meals, so we didn't get to try their delicious-looking entrees. But the appetizer and salad that we ordered were lovely and I would definitely get them again. Instead of putting the check in a checkbook, they put it in a little guest book- how fun! I drew a little picture in it and signed my name. Makes paying a lot more entertaining. :)
3	I've been here twice now and the food is amazing!   Really cute atmosphere as well.   I would definitely recommend to others.  However,  one of my visits was for mothers day brunch and even with a reservation I would not suggest trying to come here for a holiday brunch. The restaurant is small and people like to linger after their meals so even with a reservation it took over an hour to be seated and then we were told they were out of a few dishes we wanted to try.  When I came another night without a reservation I was seated immediately and had great service.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! Best scallops...and their kale Caesar salad is delicious too!
4	The ambiance and service were great. The kale Caesar salad was fabulous, as well as the brown bag peach pie. Will definitely come back.
5	I came here on Sunday for an impromptu brunch and was blown away not only by the food and endless blood orange mimosas, but by our server as well! Monica was her name and she was beyond accommodating and quite comedic as well! If you're looking for a modern atmosphere with great food and outstanding service, Honey Salt is your place!
5	Great food and ambience.  Excellent service too, except that we always seem to get the same waiter and he never remembers us.  Tuna tartare is exceptional.  Have not been disappointed after numerous meals at Honey Salt. Highly recommend.
3	Why did you change the menu? I would give Honey Salt at least a 4 but they changed the bread and the menu. this is ok if its a improvement but to me it was only to save money. The new bread it very hard and no way as good as before. My girlfriend ordered the same dish as she had last month and was totally disappointed with a smaller portion and was prepared different, which was not as delicious as last time. The only reason I couldn't wait to get back to Honey Salt was the best Apple pie in Las Vegas and yep you guessed it. They now have peach pie. This is America baby, land of the free and Apple pie :{  - I still like you Honey Salt but please bring back the old bread and especially the apple pie
5	Best service awesome food good environment  will recommend this place to anyone who ever is looking for good bite.
3	Nice service, home like atmosphere, just wish I didn't come at the "in between" time for my first time. That's why I am giving it 3 stars. The menu was small an did not have much selection because I went during the "in between" hours. I will be back again, hopefully for dinner or brunch to redeem the other 2 stars. Very cute hostess as well lol
4	What a wonderful place to have lunch. Our server, Nick, was polite, attentive, fun and enthusiastically knowledgeable. The steakhouse salad was superb, the green goddess juice was delightful, and the drinks were well made and quick to land. The atmosphere was light and airy, and it was not noisy in spite of being a large room full of patrons. I look forward to returning.
4	It took a while for my server to come take my order, but it was worth the wait.I ordered the BILOXI BUTTERMILK FRIED CHICKEN, $13.00 with creamy slaw,   house Durkees dressing, brioche roll and chopped salad.  It was quite tasty!
4	Gets 4 stars because the brunch menu could have a little more variety, such as options for pancakes, price is moderate an reasonable to the portions and quality of food. I had the breakfast pizza which was different at first but I liked it alot by the 2nd slice. Also had the corned beef hash that I liked alot. Definitely came at a better time then my first time. Recommend to come for brunch or dinner. If your looking for a snack the "in between" menu is good. I will be back for sure
2	The food was great. The service was non-existent. I had called and spoken to the hostess regrading their hours. I was not told that there was an "in between menu" beginning at 2:30. I was told that they served lunch beginnig at 11:30 and that dinner started at 5. Please note the website says they open at 10:30am, so this is confusing.I drove 300 miles from West Los Angeles and arrived around 3:45, an hour after they stopped serving lunch.The manager was kind enough to let us order a sandwiche off of the lunch menu, however. The "in-between" menu is severely limited, although I did order the burger off of that menu.We were seated and ordered. This is when the rude, inconsiderate and bad service began. The man that delivered our food who I believe was a manager just put the plates down. He didn't say anything. He just brusquely placed them on the table. I ordered a burger and wanted condiments, but he scurried off before I could ask for mayo. I had to flag down our server which took about five minutes. Meanwhile, my food was getting cold. One of my biggest pet peeves in restaurants is when I order a burger and then am not served condiments in a timely fashion.Our server asked a busboy to bring mayo to the table. I swear that kid ran over to Whole Foods to buy a jar of Hellman's. It took several minutes to get the damn mayo!Not once during the meal did our server come over to the table to see how everything was. We were not offered drink refills. He waited until we had cleared our plates and then came over and asked, "Is everything okay?" We chided him for not paying attention to the table. He tried to make up for the bad service by bringing two tiny brownies over. Too little too late.To Honey Salt's credit the food was great. My companion had the Cubano Sandwich wich was exquisite. I had the burger which was excellent. We both had espresso which was very good.I am giving this place two stars because the service was non-existent. I don't mind paying $14 for a cheeseburger, but I want decent service to go with it.
4	I've had the pleasure of dining at Honey Salt for both brunch and lunch. It has an upscale feel, while still remaining casual. It's been described as "feeling like a pottery barn." I quite like the ambiance, the mismatched furniture and chandeliers, it really takes me away from Vegas and makes me feel like I'm at a hip restaurant in a cool city. My husband and I first decided to check it out for lunch. He couldn't resist ordering the fried chicken sandwich and I went with the backyard burger. The fried chicken sandwich was juicy and delicious. I can see why people compare it to Chik-fil-A. The burger was seasoned perfectly, I really enjoyed the tomato jam since I'm notorious for picking my tomatoes off of my burgers. The shoe string fries were a perfect side.More recently, my friends and I decided to check out their brunch. We started with some monkey bread for the table. It was ooey, gooey, and so delicious. It is perfect for splitting with the table and the hints of citrus really counter the sweet honey sauce. I settled on the steak and egg slider and it was a great decision. The steak was super flavorful and the entire thing just worked well together. I also felt somewhat healthy since there was creamed spinach. The breakfast potatoes were more like wedge fries, but I'm not one to complain about potatoes in any form. I also split some peach pancakes with a friend and they were delicious. There were peaches baked in, but could have used some more peaches on top. It wouldn't be a girls brunch without cocktails and they have a full bar. I had a delicious strawberry, prickly pear, lime, cocktail with citrus vodka. My friends all went with the bottomless mimosas, but weren't impressed with the $20 price tag. I will definitely be back, especially for brunch, maybe even this weekend!
5	Second time visiting, and like the first we were not disappointed . We were seated straight away, offered water immediately and drinks within another minute. We ordered three apps- the tuna tartare, burrata salad and smoked peach salad- all to die for! The whole sea bass and pork chop were equally fantastic and bread pudding was the best we have ever tasted. Service was impeccable and ambiance was great - cool and relaxing . We will be back. Again. And again....
4	Though a few of my friends complain about a limited menu, I love this place. We went for Sunday Brunch & enjoyed it immensely. The Crab Cake Benedict was inventive as well as delicious & the Corned Beef Hash excellent. I also love the bar menu. If you're a Bourbon fan try the Midnight Rambler. Dinner is also excellent.
3	This could be a fantastic venue, always 5 stars, if they paid closer attention to detail, and focused on service. The food and desserts were great. I would say that this location has potential. Had the Brookie... definitely a favorite!
5	Good as it gets! Love the ambiance as well as the good, quality, local and delicious food. Portion sizes are reasonable and so are the prices. Definitely a place I want to frequent. So glad we finally tried it, just sorry it took us this long!
4	We came here for my wife's Bday and felt that overall this is a good alternative to high quality food away from the strip. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, and the bus boys did a good job of removing plates and refilling our water. For dinner we ordered the grilled octopus, the pork chop, the sea bass, and the macaroni. We enjoyed everything though I wish the pork chop had more seasoning. For dessert we tried the Nutella and banana bread pudding with the sea salt caramel ice cream. This ice cream is amazing and cannot be missed! Overall we enjoyed our dinner and plan to return in the fall.
5	I travel back and fourth too LA and Las Vegas and this place felt like home. Very cute and cozy. Price wise it was a little more pricey but you know the food was amazing!
3	Had such high hopes for this place. Gave three stars for service which was the highlight great server. But besides the Mac and cheese I didn't care for the food heavy on the salt. Brioche was a tad too eggy. Really cool look to the place but just wouldn't recommend it.
3	When it initially opened, Honey Salt was amazing. The last two times I've gone (in the past 3 months) my experience has been mediocre all around. The food wasn't as good and the service was definitely not the same. Hopefully they can make some changes real soon. I want to be a 5 star rating!
4	We went for my birthday dinner and were pleasantly surprised.  Atmosphere is amazing and food was very tasty. Eclectic menu, but worth trying out.  Hipster meets Pottery Barn. The only thing is its rather pricey, so be prepared for a hefty tab.  It is Summerlin after all.
4	I met my friend and ate at Honey Salt for the first time and was super excited to dine there.What a GREAT meal!!!!Service was flawless...the server, did not get her name :-(, mad props though, was super friendly, able to answer any questions, and had a great sense of humor and definitely made my friend and I feel welcome.  The assistants were great about clearing plates, refilling drinks, etc...We were there on a Sunday morning and she stressed getting breakfast items because it is the only day of the week they offer breakfast,My friend and I started with sharing a bowl of fresh fruit and had a nice surprise of fresh mint that added a little extra to the flavors.  I enjoyed a great breakfast frittata with potatoes, tomatoes, and other vegetables.  It was hot and super delicious.  My friend had a buttermilk fried chicken sandwich which she could not put down!  I could see the juiciness of the sandwich and hear the crunch!  She really loved it!Despite being stuffed, we shared a giant caramel chocolate crunch slice of cake.  It was rich and delicious.Definitely would go back to Honey Salt again!
2	The food is good but the service we had the last time we were there was horrible.  Our waitress kept disappearing, we had to flag down a manager to order wine and beg to have our order taken.  At one point we looked around and there was no wait staff on the floor at all - like they were having a secret meeting in the middle of the dinner rush.  After we finished our meal we asked for dessert menus and again had to beg someone to take our order.  We finally said something to the manager and then our waitress came to our table and argued with us.  It left a horrible impression after what could have been a good night out.  I hear the owners are opening another restaurant.  I hope they get better staff at the new one or it will not last long.  I hesitate to spend my money at a restaurant that doesn't appear to want to serve me.
3	Had dinner at Honey Salt on a Wednesday.  It was slow before 7, but after that the place filled up.  The restaurant got loud, annoyingly loud, as it became full.  It was a little hard to have a conversation at our table of 7.To start, I had Elizabeth's Caesar salad.  This is a large appetizer salad made with a combination of kale and romaine.  The dressing is nice and garlicky, moreso than typical Caesar dressing.  There is a lot of parmesan, and it's good quality parmesan.  It adds a lot to the salad.  I'd order this again.I went with the free range brick oven chicken, which is served with the Anaheim pepper mac n cheese and kale.  The chicken has nice crispy skin, and was sufficiently juicy.  The mac n cheese was good, but it was just that.  It wasn't memorable, and it didn't have much pepper flavor for me.  The overall meal was put together well, and the components went together to create a solid dish.  But, it just didn't blow me away.Service was decent, but like I said, the place was very crowded after 7 pm.  So, it's understandable that we didn't see our server every 5 minutes.  He was friendly, and the other wait staff was pretty good with water refills.  I'd return.
5	A very cute place. I loved the shabby chic decor. The service was also good and the food was so very good! They give you these cheesy bread crisps that you eat with honey butter and it was pretty much the best thing ever. I had the market salad which was unique and tasty. I also had bread pudding for desert and it was the best bread pudding I have ever had. What a great place!
2	This place gets a solid three for decoration and that's it.  The food is extremely mediocre for the price point.To begin- they need to take the curry off the menu ASAP.  What a horrible dish!!!!  I'm a bit at fault for ordering curry in a place like this, but I didn't think that they'd butcher it the way they did.  This dish was inedible.  It didn't taste like anything.  The only flavor profile I got was spicy, it didn't even taste like curry.  It was watered down spice- haha- really though. Gosh.  Disgusting.  Served with a bland mango/pear chutney, dry basmati rice, and a basic ass yogurt sauce that had no taste.Pork chop was salty, octopus had  components that worked together, but was salty as hell.  Pizza dough on the appetizer was good, but the ingredients it was topped with were nothing special.  Last, the brookie (cookie/brownie) was hard.  The only part that was moist was right under the salted caramel ice cream.  Cookie was inedible cause it was rock solid.Our server was really basic too.  He didn't seem very genuine, didn't make me feel like I just had a great experience.  He was just going through the motions of being a "server". I've been here twice now.  One for lunch, and now dinner; I will not be coming back. I'm not going to lie, but the thirty minutes it took me to get here, only to throw away $22 on an entree I took one bite of, def added to the salty experience.  Waste of gas, waste of $$$, waste of time.
4	This place is really cute inside and the outside area is a lil nice spot when the weather is good.  Recently did a dessert dash with friends where we run and make stops for dessert and the salted caramel ice cream was my favorite.  Another favorite is the monkey bread, it has a citrus flavor to it, so good!  I've actually had all their desserts and I'd have to say those are the best two.Food is also good, but dessert more memorable :)
5	Love this place! It was my first honey salt and I loved it! service is amazing the food is incredible. I will definitely come back Again.
3	Ok so right when I walked in I fell in love! This place is so cute & the atmosphere feels like you are in a movie. Host had excellent customer service & we got sat right away. I order the creamy corn soup and it was good just wish it was creamier. For dessert we had the Brookie w/ salted caramel ice cream... Omfg it was delicious!!! I cannot wait to go back just to order that damn Brookie again. Reason I gave them 3 stars was because my food was not amazing & their prices are a little on the higher side.
4	Good food, drinks, decor and service.  Worth going.  Will return.
1	Menu has not changed since their opening and it is not appetizing to see such a small number of choices that's been here for a long time. Only thing has changed is the quality of service to negative direction. During a whole dinner, our waiter showed up once with desert menu. With the ambience of this restaurant, there should be definite protocols each waiter should follow. I can't see myself coming back to honey salt anymore.
5	Stopped in for a double date dinner with friends. The bread on the table was yummy. We tried the grilled octopus and New England fry for appetizers, both were great! I tried the salmon, as did my friends, and my bf had the shrimp linguini. Everything was absolutely delicious we had no complaints about the food. The service could have been a little better since we came in after a large party but nothing for me to not give 5 stars about my experience. We will definitely be back again!
4	Outstanding and delicious fresh food!!! I had the roasted cauliflower and power quinoa grain salad. Hubby had the shrimp and linguini! Bread is awesome! Service impeccable! Only comment is that their portions are on the smallish. For the $$$ you ought to get more, especially the vegetarian items on the menu. Otherwise a yummy place and great ambience!
3	To be honest, the food is delicious and very enjoyable.  While it is certainly overpriced, that just fits in with its Summerlin location as many restaurants are overpriced....you have to know that going in.  So considering the food is great, the only reason this place is 3 stars is because of its atmosphere.  It is not cozy, not quiet, not relaxing.  There are no booths for secluded conversation in its big open dining room.  There are no nooks to settle into.  The music is loud and annoying when you are trying to have a nice meal with friends/family.  Overall, this place is too open and too loud.  And I am not saying this as an 'old, crotchety' person.  We are in our 30s.  In retrospect, we should have sat outside.  In fact, we skipped dessert just to get out of there.  I live around the corner, but not sure I'll be coming back.  If I do, I'll certainly sit outside.
4	I've been meaning to go for a while and finally popped in for lunch with my ladies during restaurant week. A 2 course for $20 is not a bad deal. They started us off with parmesan crisp and some whipped butter and some water. They gave us room temp and we had to ask for ice a few times as they brought some out a cup at a time to share among us six. I picked turkey meatballs for my starter. This was pretty good meatballs and the sauce it was in was solid. I liked the ricotta and the onions with it. It needed some yummy bread with it which it doesnt come with though.Entree I had the Biloxi Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich. A bit messy to eat, but I liked the mustard dressing that was on the chicken sandwich. It came with a bowl of a chopped salad with kale, greens, avocado, what seemed to be raw squash cubes and creamy dressing which was just okay. Not a bad option, but nothing special. Dessert I got banana bread pudding which was a substitution since they ran out of one of the options. I love bread pudding and this was really friggin good. The only thing is I think it needs ice cream for contrast than just whipped cream. That was probably the best part of the meal for me and was better than the strawberry shortcake that was the other option. It was also a huge portion and I couldn't finish it, definitely enough to share. Service was alright, but good thing we weren't in any hurry to go anywhere. I thought it was a good intro to this place and I will probably be back for lunch.
3	I wanted to give this 3.5 stars but it won't let me. We had never been here before but went for a friend's birthday. The menu is very limited (I don't eat red meat, shellfish or salads) so there was only a few items I could order. I thought it was just me (due to my limited diet) but the rest of my party felt the same way. The menu itself is only one page. I ended up ordering the Brick Oven Chicken. It was moist and good as was the Mac n Cheese. Some friends ordered the Shrimp and Linguini and Salmon and said they were good. We loved the honey salted butter that was served with the bread. We had two servers (one for the bread and beverages) and our main server. Our main server was not that great but our other server was amazing. We ended up ordering a Brookie for desert. The cookie and brownie were just ok but the salted caramel chunk ice cream was amazing. We might come back again but only for special occasions as it's a little too pricey for us.
3	It was...alright. The food was not bad but for what we paid I maybe expected a little more from the experience. The decor is cute but I'm just not sure I was super impressed. We went for dinner so I may give it one more chance during lunch hours but we'll see.
4	This place is super cute and has pretty great American inspired food with offbeat, non-traditional twists and playful flavor.  Their mac n' cheese is fantastic and I love how they strive to base their menu off organic and small farm produce and meats.  I'd recommend to try anything with poultry, especially the turkey meatballs. I've been here for dinner and brunch a few times and definitely plan to return.  The decor is fun french country chic and makes for a great outing with friends. Also, be sure to try the salt scrub they have available in the restrooms to wash your hands!  It's fantastic!The reason why I am not scoring a full 5 stars is because sometimes the table set up during busy hours are a bit to close together and make for a little awkward dining experience.  And the staff is super friendly and courteous, but sometimes lack proper knowledge of dishes when you ask questions and their serving etiquette could use some work.
2	We decided to go to honey salt  for brunch to celebrate my mother in law and sons birthday. I made a reservation as we had 8 people in the group and placed a note on the reservation that we would be there celebrating  the two birthdays. Upon arrival I checked in with the hostess and let her know we had a reservation at 10:30am for 8 people under the last name Torres. She said " oh yes okay" and we were seated by who I assume is the manager. The table was nice and spacious and we were seated next to the kitchen which was neat. Our server was very gracious and attentive as was the rest of the wait staff. We never had to ask them to remove plates or fill water, they were always on top of everything. My mother in law ordered the peaches and cream pancakes , myself and two others ordered the steak and egg sliders my husband got the fried chicken sandwich and my children got the "kids" cheeseburger, we also got a pizza for the table to share. Everything tasted very good, and for the most part everyone enjoyed their food. My only plight with the food is that the portions are very small for the price and we ordered the cheeseburgers well done for the kids, one came medium rare the other medium. I didnt say anything because my son didnt notice and had eaten half of it. I also ordered the blood orange mimosa which was so so. Now the reason for two stars, not one person acknowledged that we were celebrating birthdays. I work in the industry, as a host, at one of the busiest restaurants on the strip. We acknowledge every celebration, every guest every time, especially if its noted on the reservation. This small gesture makes all the difference to your patrons who are spending their hard earned money at your local establishment. As we left I confronted the hostess, I saw on her iPad she didnt even check me in for my reservation but instead placed me as a walk in, then when she actually looked, saw my reservation and the notes. I asked to speak with the manager who could obviously care less and offered me a brownie to go which I declined.  My son is seven and he would have been very excited to have his birthday not only acknowledged but a desert brought out so we could sing to him and my mother in law.All in all the food and wait staff deserve 4 stars. The management, host and customer service get a two. And I feel thats being generous.
4	We had an amazing time at Honey Salt. The food was wonderful and the staff was very helpful and fun. Can't wait to go back!
5	Had a delicious afternoon meal with my husband today at Honey Salt!  Everyone there was very welcome, attentive & accommodating ( I am a very specific diner ) the ambience was amazing and the juice and our meals were scrumptious!  Can't wait to come back!
4	I really like this place. You can get excellent quality food in a fairly casual place. It's nice, but I wouldn't feel like I had to dress up to go there. The food is just how I like it.  Fairly simple dishes made with great quality ingredients.  I really like the fact that they offer grass fed beef, and they also have organic chicken, and some decent vegetarian options.  The Mac and cheese is one of my favorite sides. It has Anaheim peppers in it which make it a little different. Everyone should do themselves a favor, and get the apple pie for desert. It's a little pricey, but worth every penny.  That just means I can't go every week. They also have some of my favorite servers around. They are all really nice, and great at their jobs. I have nothing bad to say about anything here.
5	Went during "restaurant week" decided on the featured menu which included the Buttermilk Biloxi fried chicken (the side salad is great) and also a strawberry shortcake for dessert. I haven't seen the shortcake on the menu before so I wasn't sure if it was just for restaurant week. It was amazing! We go here about every other month for lunch and it's always good.
4	My actual experience here is more of a 3.5, but I'm rounding up.  First the good: Despite being in a strip mall, the restaurant has successfully turned the interior into a nice dining space and even has comfortable looking outdoor seating for those times it's cool enough to sit outside.The waitstaff was great - friendly, professional, there when we needed them, gone when we didn't.  We were a group of ten, and when we arrived they had set up a long table in a smaller section of the restaurant which gave us more privacy.Food portions were reasonable, and the menu was well rounded.  The only drawback was the food itself.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was great either, and at these prices you'd expect something better.I started with the wood oven baked prawns, which I asked to come out as my side with dinner since no one else was having an appetizer.  They came out ahead of the meal despite my request, and were fine but not spectacular.  Fifteen dollars got you four prawns.  The prawns themselves were incredibly fresh tasting, however they picked up almost none of the flavor of the seasonings.  I ended up using the sauce to dip my bread, just so I could taste it.The roasted cauliflower was described as good - in fact it got one member of our party to change their mind about cauliflower - and the mac & cheese was tasty as long as you didn't get a bite with a piece of pepper (too spicy).The bread - oh my god, the bread.  This may have been the best part of the meal.  Our server brought out plenty: fresh made rolls, baked together in little stars, and Parmesan flavored crisp flat bread, all served with a light whipped butter with black sea salt.  When we quickly ate our way through the first batch our server was happy to bring out more.  For my main course I had the caramelized sea scallops ($31 for five scallops).  The scallops were nicely darkened on the outside and just slightly overcooked on the inside, but not to the point where it affected the flavor or texture.  These were deliciously sweet and large enough to be a decent main course.  They came with charred cauliflower (poorly seasoned - but better when dipped in the leftover sauce from my appetizer); vanilla bean cauliflower puree (delicious, but overpowering on the scallops so I'm not sure what it was supposed to be eaten with); and truffle sauce (mmm mmm good).The desert offerings looked delicious, but I chose a tea instead.  My friends who had the chocolate ice cream and the strawberry shortcake both described them as good, but not great. Overall the restaurant has a nice atmosphere, great staff, and good ingredients.  Now they just need a chef who can live up to the rest.
3	So I took my parents here for lunch the other day and I was definitely disappointed. The decor is fantastic, I love the vibe but the service was SLOW. We had hardly any interaction with our server, in fact, we received better service from our busboy. My parents loved their meals, but my chicken with quinoa was very dry and bland. That being said, I would still be willing to try the place again.
5	This is hands down one of the best places I've been to eat here in Vegas. It has the romantic dining vibe with excellent food and service. Be prepared to spend a bit but it's totally worth it. A definite must go!
4	This a great place,  frequented by Vegas locals.  The market salad is great,  so is the salmon and the grilled cheese. Their desserts are awesome too. They can get busy so a reservation is a good idea. They have a great lunch deal for twenty bucks. Also they'd a nice salt scrub in the bathroom.
4	This is one of our favorite spots in Summerlin. We were greeted by the hostess immediately and she told us they were getting our table ready. When we got to our table the manager Steve met us with 2 glasses of champagne. He wished us a Happy Anniversary. We had our favorite server, Scott who made great suggestions and made sure everything was as we had ordered it. We got to meet Chef Kim who was both engaging and gracious. The food is excellent and the service fantastic. Just a few little things keep us from 5 stars.
5	Love it! Had the seared tuna salad for lunch and the flavors in the greens, dressing and the fish were amazing! Service was great! Will definitly return.
3	Very cute, bright and well designed. Food presentation was great but my fried buttermilk chicken burger tasted weird and the French fries sucked. My mom ordered the steak salad. She doesn't like the fried onions and blue cheese that come with it so she said the salad tasted like nothing even with the steak. Haha. Never seen anyone put salt on their salad before. Had the cool cucumber and mom had the pineapple elixir which were good. The bread pudding was light and helped end the meal in a good note. Staff: one thing I could not over look was how short the hosts dress was. I thought it was inappropriate for the work environment. Besides that our server was okay. He was like an attentive robot. That is all.
5	cool modern decor, high ceilings, kinda hard to remember you're in a restaurant.  but then they serve you your food and that'll blow you away.  esp their french toast and grilled cheese, which were each truly one of a kind, and enough to bring us back the next time we're in vegas.  great service too.  i was sitting outside for a bit to dog-sit my brother's dog and they brought me a jug of ice-cold water.
5	Honey Salt is Summerlin's somewhat hidden gem.  Emitting a southern california, organic feel, Honey Salt is the perfect place to go for healthy options but also your favorite comfort foods with an excellent twist.  Everything on the menu is quality, you cannot go wrong by going there.  Dishes I recommend: Grilled Cheese (overall favorite of its kind to date), Burrata, Barnyard Burger, and of course the infamous Brookie (honestly the best dessert in all of Las Vegas).
4	I'd been to Honey Salt a couple times for dinner & didn't love it. Or really like it. Hearing the menu is different for brunch/lunch, I gave it a shot & went for the Chick-fil-a'esque sandwich. Goodness, it's deliciousness! Anyway, a friend who hadn't been to Honey Salt wanted to go there for dinner. We started with the turkey meatballs, she got the salmon & I got the chicken. We thoroughly enjoyed everything: the salmon had a clean taste & was quite refreshing & the chicken was prepared perfectly & the au jus & slightly spicy mac & cheese were a tasty compliment. The desserts speak for themselves... even not being sold on Honey Salt a year ago, I always raved that I could go there just for dessert. But, I'm sold now on the other stuff on the menu!
1	I had high hopes for this place, but it was just ok. I ordered the frittata, it listed the ingredients as spinach, garlic, potatoes, and cheese. They forgot to list tomatoes! It's filled with them and I hate tomatoes! Why would you list all the ingredients and leave out one major one? What if I was allergic?Also, the host started vacuuming the front door area, while we were eating. I'm pretty sure that's a health code violation, kicking up all that dust while people are eating. I won't be back.
2	Had Sunday evening dinner here with 6 people.Interior decor was very nice. With music playing over the drone of a voices and other ambient noise in this filled restaurant, we chose to dine outside. I may be in the minority, but IMHO, music in restaurants should be barely audible, or non existent. Dining is a social event, and the opportunity for good conversation outweighs listening to songs. Most of the food was good, but portions were very small for a restaurant in this price range.  Some offerings were almost minuscule.  Burrata & heirloom tomatoes disappointed here.  Mary's free range chicken was one very tiny breast. OTOH, the fried chicken was done to perfection - crispy, non-greasy skin and moist tasty meat - 2 dark, 2 white. Filet mignon was a bit overdone for Med rare.  Service left a lot to be desired - friendly , but  slow and inattentive.  Waiter failed to bring salt, despite two requests.  Only one in our group ordered dessert, and it took over ten minutes to deliver the bread pudding ( very good).Would I return?  That's a hard call, given the number of excellent restaurants in Las Vegas.  Possibly a second chance for lunch if I happened to be in the area.
5	The food was solid, pork chops and scallops were flavorful but not over bearing and cooked to perfection. You get the full simple flavor of the protein. But overall the service was amazing! Erik our server and Sherlene the hostess were incredible, we didn't order anything from preference. Literally they ordered everything for us and it was all great! The cocktails were refreshing and balanced. Usually employees up sell you on everything the restaurant wants them to sell but they made this experience great. We will be back for sure just to experience service like that again! Usually small talk with the server could get a bit intrusive, but Erik was awesome to chat with, at times we felt bad holding him in conversation, but enjoyable nonetheless. Thank you!
1	Super unprofessional.. We drove all the way from Henderson only to find out they were closing 45 min early.. We walked in at 9:15 They said they usually close at 10pm but since they were slow they decided to close the kitchen 45 min early..
5	What a great restaurant!  I live in NYC and was going to be in Vegas with my mom and wanted to throw her a small birthday breakfast and Honey Salt was so helpful with the process of making a reservation for 15+ people.  Our food was delicious and the restaurant had the rare quality of offering more schamncy options (like my seared Ahi salad) and more every day options (like pancakes and pizzas) but appearing to give the same loving preparation to both; everyone from the two year-old to the 70+ year olds left happy and our party included folks who like burgers and fries as well as total foodies.  Breakfast highlights included my salad (perfectly cooked, complex tasting salad with pistachio and citrus elements), monkey bread (honey bourbon gooey perfect yumminess coating every piece) and the corned beef (three people were separately raving about it).  If I lived here, this is the sort of restaurant I'd come back to repeatedly to try out anything remotely appealing on the menu; it's that good.
5	This place is always on point. They rotate the menu so its always seasonal and fresh. I've honestly never had a dish there that I didn't like. If you're there soon you have to try the pumpkin espresso bread pudding. I can't get enough. Its also super cute inside and the staff is so friendly and knowledgable.
2	This place most definitely is not geared towards a guy like me.  I had Rogers Chicken with the quinoa "power grain" side.  The latter was not too bad, though I'm not overly experienced with quinoa.  The chicken was dry and boring and parts of it were lukewarm and others were cold.  I'm assuming it was supposed to be hot off the grill, but I don't know for sure.  Kind of a pretentious environment, but hey, if that's your speed, then cool.  Supposedly the ice cream is phenomenal, and if it were an ice cream shop, that would be great, but it's a "restaurant" and I was looking for good to phenomenal food.  Most likely won't go back, but never say never.
4	Honey Salt was my first experience of food in Vegas off the strip and I was surprised. A friend who is a dessert chef recommended this restaurant and agree it was a good find. As other yelpers indicate, it's basically in a small strip mall with a few major chain retail stores. Despite the odd location, it has a nice ambiance with outdoor and indoor seating at night. The inside of the restaurant is posh with a NY feel to it, quite dressed up, something that you'd find in a city not in the middle of a strip mall outside the strip. I was quite impressed with the food. While prices are high, the food was delicious, prepared well with good quality ingredients. I had the whole mediterranean fish which was seasoned well. Our table also shared the meat balls, and octopus as appetizers along with the cauliflower side. One thing that our table loved as the butter that came along with the bread basket which was addicting - a little salty and sweet at the same time. Service was a little hit and miss for me. While we did go on a Saturday night, the service at the beginning of the meal was attentive. However, as the night went on, over a two hour dinner, the service trailed off and it took awhile to get our check, dessert, and boxes for left overs. Overall, good place for food and would recommend to locals. As for tourists, it's far off the strip and there are a lot of other good places to eat that are closer and more convenient.
5	Wow what an absolute find. This place is easily one of the greatest finds to grace Las Vegas in recent years. Very inventive and trendy location. Well priced. If you happened to be visiting Vegas make sure this is a place that you do not miss. If you live in Vegas the real question is why haven't you been here yet.
4	Dinner Was Fantastic! Service was great We started with the corn soup and the tuna tartare. We shared the Filet and Scallops. Both delicious entrees! We didn't realize the steak came with potatoes and ordered two sides Mac and cheese and shishito peppers. I thought the peppers were really hot but I'm a whimp I guess! We will definitely come back
2	Good good but sloooowww service. It took 30 minutes to order. It's a Saturday night but the restaurant is not big enough to warrant that kind of wait.
2	$85 dollars later and the only thing i enjoyed from the bay scallops, marys chicken, and mac & cheese was the mac & cheese. The scallops were just ok and the chicken was over done and dry. Overall i wont be back but the server and atmosphere was nice too bad the food wasn't worth wild
5	I love this place!  The food was delicious and well prepared.  I tried the scallops and my husband had the filet.  I only wish that the scallops were bigger.  But I guess they are large for this market.  I am just a spoiled CA girl at heart.
4	This is such a cute place! I love the relaxing and yet chic design of the restaurant.  Lunch menu was light and simple, but i will guarantee u will find something u like!  Light lunch such as ahi tuna salad; feel like having a little more, there's good shrimps tacos; or the ultimate heavy lunch, burgers with fries!  My shrimp tacos was absolutely delicious.  I peeked the other tables, their ahi tuna salad & burgers made me drooled!
5	Absolutely love this place! It's so cute and the food is delicious. Everything that I've tried is good. I really like that strawberry short cake, salad and the New England fry. Seriously everything is good...
5	Great food and awesome dining room decor! Monkey bread was delicious and the Farmer's Toast was so fresh! The Corned Beef Hash was also very tasty. Definitely a must-go if you like farm to table dining!
5	I adore honey salt. I've been here several times, and have never been disappointed. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the decorations give a homey vibe. I've been here for brunch, lunch and dinner, and have always loved my food, had quick service and a friendly waiter. The selection is just large enough to give options, but it doesn't overwhelm you with choices. The sugar scrub in the bathroom is a small touch that makes a huge difference. I always leave with exfoliated, nicely scented hands. Definitely a place to check out!!
4	I have never been let down and every time I go there there's a celebrity there ask for Ace also known as Nick he's amazing totally delicious totally good looking staff I love they were Chuck Taylors and it is delicious so delicious every time I go I just asked the server to surprise me and I'm never let down
2	My husband and I took our daughter here for her birthday brunch after reading all the good reviews about this restaurant. We called the restaurant to make reservations right when they opened  at 11:30 A.M. on a Sunday and they were able to accommodate us at 12:30. My husband mentioned that we were coming here for a birthday brunch and asked if they could do something special for the birthday girl and the gentleman said "no problem" and that they could do some type of brownie Bday dessert. We were seated right away when we got there. I was kind of disappointed with their limited menu. The food's ok - not worthy for the price. I mean...$15 for a one piece, free range grilled chicken with a side of fries on their children's menu (what we ordered for my daughter) so expect to pay $25-30 per person. Keep reading, this review is almost done.... Our server never brought out the brownie they promised. Complimentary or not, I was willing to pay for it just to make my daughter's Bday brunch extra special so I had to let our server know. They still charged us for the bday brownie dessert and that didn't make us feel special. I didn't say anything because I didn't want to come off as cheap. I've been to many restaurants and Bday and anniversary desserts are always complimentary. We won't come back.
2	Not a bad spot, but it tries to be too "California" chic. Food isnt bad, but overpriced.
5	Love this place.  Great food.  Great drinks.  Great atmosphere.
5	I've came back multiple times since I first tried honey salts. One of my all time favorite hidden gems in Vegas now. Mediterranean bass is my favorite! And then I usually have the midnight rambler cocktail to top it off! The midnight rambler is a bourbon drink with a candy ginger and a hint of orange. My mother even loved it, which she is a vodka drinker. Banana bread pudding is mouth melting ! And don't forget the a scoop of the salted Carmel chunk!
3	Let's start of with the cons:We had a reservation for 7pm and they did not have a table for us when we got there.  Their excuse was that they weren't expecting this many people.  For a popular restaurant they should know how to plan ahead.  We got seated at 7:30. It was really crowded and cramped.A few food and drink items were sold out.I got the chicken and it was overcooked and tasted burnt.   Also, the mac and cheese was submerged in au jus which just got it soggy. Easily too expensive for how much food we got.The service was friendly but pretty slow.Pros: I thought the atmosphere was very nice.  It is in a very nice area and it is very nicely decorated inside.They did give us a free drink and dessert for waiting so long.Everybody else in my party liked their food so maybe mine was just off that night.I was really excited to try this place and was glad that I got the opportunity to try it but I don't think I will be going back.
1	Saturday night at 6pm. Seated immediately. Waited 15 mins and never had anyone come to the table. Not even to serve us water. They seated two tables after us and both were immediately approached by a server. Manager was wandering around, servers were hanging out near the kitchen staff talking and laughing. We walked out. They still didn't notice. The hostess and the manager were standing at the door. They said thanks for coming in or something similar. Guess they forgot the just seated us as well.
4	Very cute place! A little more expensive than I was expecting (dishes in the $22-$32 range), but very tasty. I had the pork chop with cabbage and my gf had the brick oven chicken. The waiter was extremely pleasant and we enjoyed the experience here. Strangely enough, the most impressive thing which will stay with me is the very unusual butter that came with the bread and crackers. Excellent! Oh, and one minor negative was the table was just a bit smaller than most...
4	What a find!  Thanks, Yelpers!  We were hiking in Red Rocks and on our way back to the strip when we yelped this place. At 2 pm, we were after the lunch menu and before dinner so the menu was extremely limited.  There were also out of a lot of beers that we asked for.  The food is terrific!  The free crackers and honey butter are awesome.  The turkey meatball pizza and the veggie pizza were tasty. I added a side caesar which was not on the menu.  The burgers looked good.  The apple crumble and the brownie were fabulous.  The ambience inside and in the restroom is very quirky and fun. Make sure to use the sea salt scrub in the restrooms!
4	The food is very farm to table inspired.  Everything on the menu is very good. The salads are fantastic,  Biloxi chicken sandwich is really delicious.  The pizza is ok, but seems like it doesn't quite belong with the rest of the menu.  The staff is friendly and the desserts are amazing.  If you are there in the summer the Strawberry Shortcake is out of this world, highly recommend.
4	Came here first time with my family. The service was good and the food was great. The problem was that the portion was small.
5	I've been 3 times now, the most recent being tonight, and each time has been a great experience. I've had several different dishes, including the restaurant week chicken sandwich and meatballs, which were delicious. The monkey bread is out of this world and tonight I had kale and white bean soup and the shrimp and linguini. The sauce in the linguini was a little boring and I expected the soup to be thicker and more hearty but the food has always been top notch.Service today in the lounge was a little aloof, not very engaging.
4	So, we have been told since we moved here in July that we had to try this place. Finally. We did. We went on a Tuesday evening so it wasn't terribly busy. So we had a quaint, quiet meal with our friends. First, our Greeter. He was pleasant. He was quick. He was brief. He was almost too brief because it felt like he took us to our table and left. However, never rude just brief.Our Server, she was AWESOME! She made the whole experience to be GREAT!! She was attentive, she was quick, she was pleasant, she was interactive and she was funny and fun!Now for the edibles. I ordered the sea bass and it was very good; notice that I didn't say great? It was just very good. Presentation was good. Prepared perfectly. Seasoned perfectly. The brussel sprouts were on point along with the bacon in it. And although I like onions, the pearl onions in the dish were a bit much; this would be my only negative part of this review. Now, the chicken noodle soup was actually the BEST part of my meal. It was PERFECT! Some may believe this write up is not a great one. Here's the thing, they have another restaurant called MadeLV and I actually like their food MUCH better. Not to say this is bad in any WAY, their other restaurant's food/menu seems more exciting and fun.
5	One of my favorite places.  Not huge portions but it is all tasty.  Different but very good.
4	The food was excellent.  I had the squash soup and Elizabeth's caesar salad and my friend had the Rogers chicken grain power.  The service was ok, nothing stood out in my mind about the server.
3	This a cute restuarant.  The food was good, not great.  Outside of keeping the glasses full, the service was lacking.
5	Such a cute restaurant! Love the decor and the food was AMAZING! Not too many vegetarian/gluten free options but still found a delicious meal :) the scrub in the bathroom smells soooo good! **also on open table!!
5	Such a cute, little restaurant! Honey Salt is very unique. It offers a small menu but they do switch it up often. The food is all unique and a great spot to grab lunch or Sunday brunch- Unlimited mimosas! Classy, warm and busy atmosphere!
3	Came here on a Saturday night after visiting the new Summerlin mall and it was pretty nice. I was digging the decor and atmosphere, very welcoming yet settle. Their bathroom decors are so unique! In the ladies room, there were hotel keys all on the wall and it made me happy to see Disneyland hotel keys. haha. Anyway, enough about the bathroom, let's talk food. I ordered the grilled chicken and it was okay. There wasn't enough sauce on there for me to dip the chicken into and so I had to carefully calculate the amount of sauce I put on my chicken, but the last bites of my chicken were very dry. There were mac 'n cheese beneath my chicken served with some veggies. Those two soaked all the sauces in, and I'm pretty sure that's why there wasn't enough sauce for the whole chicken. I also think it's pretty pricey for the food they serve.. Our server didn't really check up on us, he just kind of walked around and asked us how we were once throughout the whole night. I want to check out their lunch menu, so I'll be back to check that out, and hopefully our service will be better.
2	Overrated. The service is slow and the food is mediocre. Everything I ordered was bland and lacked any originality. Although it seems to be the hangout for the Real Housewives of Summerlin, it lacks everything to get me to come back. But... Carrot Top was there, so there's that, I guess.
3	The good: the decor is very Pretty. This is a perfect place for me and my gal pals, I will be back to treat them to brunch so that is a plus! The food was good. Tried the grilled cheese sandwich and soup combo, both were super tasty and just the right size for a quick lunch. Went there specifically for their bread pudding which was very good. Nice and chewy and rum sauce was excellent.The bad: I was not greeted when I arrived in the restaurant to meet my friend who was already sitting at a table. Our waiter was somewhat dismissive of us. I saw him attend to the table next to us various times before he even came by to ask if we needed anything or refilled my water. It was a little weird considering the atmosphere is very warm and inviting. Frankly, the service turned a four or five star experience into three. I did see the manager walking around and observing the tables. They definitely take pride in presentation which I appreciate, and the music was low enough to have a proper conversation. This is why I will be back for another try, hoping it isn't as awkward.
4	great food, great feel to the restaurant and good service. I ordered the breakfast pizza for brunch which tasted super fresh, from the bread to the eggs. Amazing. My friends ordered a variety of things, like the seared ahi salad which did not disappoint  (I tried some of it), and fried chicken sandwich. only complaint  was their Bloody Mary's weren't that great, but I am a Bloody Mary snob!! Overall this place is wonderful, that serves food with fresh ingredients. I would definitely recommend and will be back.
5	Eaten here 10+ times, had 5 star service every time, 5 star meals every time, and 5 star decor makes this the most consistent dining experience I have had since becoming a Vegas resident.  The drinks are great (I'm not a drinker).  I truly believe this is Vegas at its finest.Order the brookie for dessert.  Drool is already forming and I am jealous of all you in the ether who read these words.Lastly, note to management-  if at all possible, it would be great to offer just a few more options on your lunch menu.  I bring some work clients and interviews to lunch there, and while I appreciate sandwich / salad / and limited entree options personally, some out-of-towners may want to graze on a steak or eat something heartier before catching a flight.Nothing but the best wishes for this amazing restaurant.  I hope this is a sign of more to come for Vegas.
4	Ode to a Biloxi Chicken Sandwich-To those who compare your greatness to "Chikfila on Crack", I thumb my nose. Your crispy exterior is the perfect texture, the pure definition of fried chicken. Your moist interior is most complemented by your buttered bun, crisp pickles, and expertly-seasoned coleslaw. I, not a fan of coleslaw, delight in the acidity and brightness it brings to your fatty-delicious flavors.And oh!, the house Durkees dressing: so reminiscent of a honey-mustard sauce!, the sauce that makes this sandwich so much more than a sandwich! Coupled with this sauce, you, dear sandwich, have that certain je ne sais quoi that makes me keep coming back for you over and over again, despite the pleas of other appealing menu items.Alongside you is Elizabeth's Caesar salad, a disconcertingly simple combination of crisp kale Romaine lettuce, shaved parmesan, and another delicious sauce concoction: black garlic dressing. Oh, were I a rich man, I would pay quite handsomely for your recipe. Perhaps someday, an evil soul with a genius culinary mind will combine your flavors of crispy-juicy chicken and pungent, flavorful garlic sauce, to create another savory sandwich. Until that day, however, I remain true to you, beloved Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.
4	Oh so good! We came in with high hopes and they were easily met! Great food and great service made for a great first experience here. We will definitely be back!
4	Solid, solid, solid.  At our table, and all around us, people were enjoying ( and finishing) all of their dishes.  The soup and various salads were great starters.  We ran the gamut on entrees (risotto, steak, pork chop, scallops) and each diner thought they made the best choice from the menu.  This was the second time we had the Brookie for dessert and will likely have it the next time we are there ( the apple pie in a bag was also good).The restaurant is open and airy, and it is fun to watch the kitchen and plate finishing table in action.  The (identical looking) wait staff was attentive and helpful (suggesting the $27 pork chop vs. $37 filet was refreshing to see) and the drink list was creative.  Take a wander into the restrooms just to see the "wallpaper" and to use the soap salt.Honey Salt offers a very good meal in a nice setting.  We'll be back.
5	Right when you open the door, you see a rustic yet modern look/feel to this restaurant. It's a very inviting and comforting vibe. Great atmosphere and amazing food. I got a burger here and I can honestly say they were the first place where they cooked it exactly how I liked it. This place is phenomenal.
4	So this place is great. Atmosphere, service and food are incredible. Went for lunch and had the grilled cheese and heirloom squash soup. My friend had the fried chicken sandwich and Caesar. We had to share. The food was so amazing. Reminds me of what a great place to eat is....Funny how Vegas talks about hospitality and food and being from Charleston, SC I am usually disappointed but this place delivers ....even the hostess was awesome.  Kindness, genuine knowledge and love for the food and helpfulness. You know the staff likes working here and that feels good.Other places in this city should bring their waitstaff and cooks in to learn from the quality that exists here. You cannot pass up on dessert either when you know you will be treated this well. It was mouth watering and we finished every bite, though we could of shared. I grabbed a menu on the way out and decided on coming back for dinner. I am a fan of scallops and I don't think they will disappoint.
2	The service is horrendous and the food is mediocre at best. We waited 10 minutes for the hostess to show up at the hostess stand and then waited another 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order. We saw our waitress a total of three times throughout our meal, yet they were obviously well staffed. The food is equal to that of Applebee's. We ordered the grilled octopus which was woefully under seasoned and over cooked. The brick oven chicken was under seasoned as well. The scallops were ho-hum and the broccoli was equal to that of my 85 year old grandmas over cooked, under seasoned frozen broccoli. If you don't like fennel, don't eat here because it makes an appearance in every other dish it seems like.   Do yourself a favor and go to to one of the many fantastic restaurants in Vegas or just save your money and go across the street to chilli's because you'll get similar food there.
4	Very friendly helpful staffFood was enjoyable - perfect execution of the salmon - requested rare and it came out perfect! Green Goodness juice was great.Prefer real bread instead of the complimentary cheese flatbread provided at start of meal.Understand that Interior design theme is eclectic, however, execution is the key for eclectic design.  for instance - mirror walls needs to be fuller with less open space - cheap wood and architectural details of bar seemed out of place
5	Found this on the recommendation of others. It's tucked away in SUMMERLIN behind PF Changs. The atmosphere was great. Tried the turkey meatballs- they were outstanding. And to my surprise, I ordered their most popular dish, the sea bass and it was really good , I'm normally not a fish person. Try mac'n cheese yumm... And the brown bag apple pie- share that with your friends  Great birthday dinner. Locally owned, go visit!! Great Service.
2	Maybe we missed something but the much hyped and beloved Honey Salt was just not good for us. We sat with the accomodating bartender for lunch. Started with extremely rubbery, greasy and borderline inedible calamari, it was a loser. We shared the famous Biloxi chicken sandwich which we found dry and kinda bland along with the My Wife's Favorite Salad(duck confit). The Caesar salad is also a misfire and has kale in it, yuck. The salad was devoid of flavor other than the miniscule fibers of super salty confit. What made the salad so awful was the cold, previously prepped and also rubbery overcooked fried egg on top of this sad salad. Luckily the bartender noticed the unappetizing egg and got me a fresh, correct and over easy egg. No real reason to go back unless you want to see Carrot Top at the bar.
1	Room temperature water in stinky glasses should have been the sign ... No bread delivered or offered ... Caesar salad was average at best ... Nobody asked how the meal was ... Assistant waiter came over and took my salad before I finished it!!! He put a bread plate on top of it (don't know why I had a bread plate) so there was no taking it back ... Staff does not care and I won't be back.
