5	The mainstay in my drinking diet.  This bar boasts a very diverse crowd of people.  Super fun to be really drunk at.  Pee on the blarney stone around the back.  The crab cakes are delicious.  Any drink you want, and they'll make it strong.  A huge hipster dork scene.  I have to say, if you are from out of town, go here on a Thursday or Friday.
5	My favorite bar in Tempe.  Chill patio scene.  Grab a pint and a table outdoors.  Due to its proximity to ASU it tends to attract a college crowd but there is a good mix of ages most of the time.  You can wear your grungies and not feel out of place, which is always a plus.  If you like uppity Scottsdale bars you might consider this a "dive" even though it's not.
4	Only reason this doesn't get 5 starts is because of the college crowd, but this is such a wonderful bar. The oyster's rockefeller are superb, and your get that with some Guinness and your totally set. There's smoking outside, and if you live in the area you'll always run into someone you know
4	I like this bar because of it's outdoor focus.  They have tons of patio space available and on warm weekend nights you can find it packed with a youthful, friendly crowd.  They have some good beers here as well as a few sea foods and other appetizers to help that beer soak in.
5	how can this be the 2nd most reviewed restaurant in phx and it only has 4 reviews?casey moore's (or as i like to call him, Casey) is like megatron. they have a back dining area (which is supposedly haunted) which looks pretty classy and is quite serene, perfect for a nice dinner with your family from out of town. after dinner is over and your aunt and uncle drive their chrysler sebring back to their hotel, you can your cute cousin can head over to the main bar area and get tanked and you'll never realize you're in the same building as before. hopefully you'll get her drunk enough that she admits she's always had a crush on you too. bonus points if you find out she's actually adopted.
5	IF you like Irish Pubs. IF you like a Relaxed Atmosphere. IF you don't mind seeing Tattoos. IF you like to Watch People. IF you just need a place for AWESOME FOOD. IF you... want a Patio. IF you... just want to chill. IF you... just want to BE U. Than, I suggest dropping by Casey Moore's Oyster House. It reminds me of Seattle. With its interesting, eccentric, culture of people. Its similar to some pubs Down Under and has a feel of great relaxation. The food... is just short of an A+. ( portion sizes ) although I cannot complain, since I've only had Tasty Appetizers here so far. BUT you know when the FOOD is GOOD, when you are asking the waiter for more bread to scoop up the remains of the sauce on the plate. I would have licked the bowl, it was that delicious !!!Thus far in my 3 months here in Phoenix, Casey Moore's is # 1 in my book. cheers... ps.
4	Irish pub near ASU.  Young crowd because of it's proximity to the University.  I've only been here on a Friday or Saturday night for drinks and appetizers.  Get's really crowded on the weekends.  Nice place to meet people or people watch.
4	Huge patio where the beer flows like wine.  Oh, and the vodka cocktails are good too.  Very laidback atmosphere and perfect for groups.  Mixed crowd, from preppy to pierced and tattooed.  Can be a little bit of a young crowd but not as annoying as many other ASU bars.  Never have had the food, but have always had a great time.Only downside is that it gets crowded, very, very crowded.Update:  Minus one star.  Way too much patchouli.  I am too old for that nonsense.  However, still had a good time with friends.  The scene was a lot more rough this time around.  Without tattoos, we stood out like sore thumbs.
4	I have few places I need to return to while I am visiting my family and friends in Tempe, but Casey Moore's is one of them.  Fairly priced drinks, an entire patio (w/ bar) to huff on lung rockets, a friendly staff, and a mixture of every type of asu (pre/post/current) student you can handle.  For the fellas, if you gotta take a leak and don't want to go all the way into the bar to hit the bathroom, you can just go to the Blarney Stone (that is tucked in away from the partons dining on oysters) and release.  It's been a few years since I've been there, but if it is anything like it was back in 2004 then it is a great place for you to drink with your friends, and try to pick up some tail.
5	I LOVE this patio.  It's lit well, warmed when it's too cold, and just has a great circular energy.  Last night we were here and a large group of obviously totally plastered men and women stumbled off this enormous camper that had just rolled up to the entrance.  That was weird.  Overall, an easy place to spot skinny jeans, or your philosophy professor at ASU.Good burgers.  KILTLIFTER!  Don't forget to ask for the beer on special.  They give good deals on good beers!Oh yeah.  Oh yeah.  Oh yeah.  The bathroom is really really nice for a regular run of the mill bar.
5	Dear Casey's,Let me just start by saying that 1. I love you, seriously - it's bordering on an obsession. 2. Thank you for getting rid of the terrible horse shoe area to lay brick over that useless sand pit. 3. Please tell your bouncers that I appreciate their taking into account that one third of my income is spent on you every month when not kicking me out for getting too drunk on my birthday; they're always friendly and not only remember my name but don't mind chit-chatting while I wait for friends (along those lines I apologize for carelessly smashing your glasses while hopped up on booze and birthday glory- it was unnecessary and certainly out of line).4. I know I tease you about your 'hot dog lights,' but during the cold winter months the red heat keeps me nice and warm and I don't miss any of the crowd watching on the patio- which happens to be the only place I can run into colleagues from work, past ASU professors, old friends, current friends, soon-to-be friends, old high school class mates, all in a matter of 20 minutes.5. Please tell the fish in your lovely pond that I am sorry for "feeding" them beer all those times. Please also tell them I apologize in advance for doing it again this weekend.6. Please tell your bar staff that I appreciate that they don't make fun of me or charge me some absurb fee for forgetting to close my tab when I stumble out at 2 a.m., and that happens a lot, so I really must congratulate them on their patience and keeping vigil over my precious beer charge card.That is all for now. Till I write again...Sincerely,Your biggest fan
5	Oh Casey's. Every time I go here I remember that I should really start drinking more often. Sure, it's primarily a college crowd, and I am a few years out, but, hey, nothing wrong with sluggin' back some brewskies with the kiddies, right?Well, maybe, but in this case, no. Most Tempe/Scottsdale bars tend to be meat markets of steroid users and plastic surgery victims, but not Casey's. It promotes a very chill vibe and a laid back atmosphere, which is what I, for one, look for when I'm having some drinks. Chances are, if I'm out, I had a long day or week and I want to unwind a bit. There is no better place around to do that than Casey's.
4	I never have a bad time at Casey Moore's, I dig the casual laid-back vibe and I love drinking my cider.  My only complaint: I really wish they would put some music on the patio though. Perhaps this is because they don't want to disturb the neighbors, but it doesn't have to be loud....it can be a guy playing the harpsichord in the corner...I don't care. Anything. Something atmospheric would be nice. Maybe some electronica. Cos on a down night it can get really quiet out there. Other than my phobia of taking a drunken tumble down the front steps in front of everybody I love this bar.
4	A little too college for me - meaning, that I felt a bit out of place, even though I'm easygoing, like to showcase my tats and couldn't give a damn about pretensions and stereotypes. I had the hunch that 90-95% of the people there are students (or in that age range) and wondered if a conversation were to be ignited, would it go anywhere? Casey's is too smokey, too. But, if you avoid it Thursday - Saturday, it's a cool place to go in the early afternoon. My best friend and I chilled out here one sunny afternoon. It was very relaxing. Yet, I soon saw that even at 5 p.m., the place starts to fill up quickly. So, if you don't mind noise and you like commotion, this is a sure bet. Also, if you like Guinness, Ace's or the mix of the two (yum), you'll get your fix.
5	Casey Moore's has saved me from many a dull night. So far, it has been the only consistently great bar I've found in Tempe, in part due to the fact that the crowd is so chill and not too clicky. It is true that it's predominantly ASU students, but a pretty wide spectrum of them, and it seems so laid-back I would think it would be hard for most to feel too out of place. I don't feel like I've walked into someone's private party at Casey's, and I very much appreciate that. I've also got to give props to the well-made drinks, decent beer selection, friendly bouncers, and a surprisingly good bar menu. I've had excellent sandwiches here on a couple of occassions.Of course, Casey Moore's wouldn't be Casey Moore's if it wasn't for that fantastic huge patio that is a huge reason why bars out here can be so much for relaxing than in other climates. It doesn't matter how crowded it is or whether or not I can get a seat, I just love to walk around out there with my beer or martini, people watch (or fish watch), and lounge. No matter how crowded it gets though, the vibe stays easy and friendly, and in the winter hot and toasty as you (and sometimes some cool lizards) huddle around the heat lamps.  Always a good time.
5	This place really doesn't need another review, but seeing how it's my home away from home, I feel obliged to speak up from the peanut gallery.I adore this joint as both a bar and a restaurant. It has the best patio in all of Tempe, nay all of Phoenix, no--history. Alright, probably not history. I mean, if there were a bar in the middle of some wicked beautiful natural reserve, I'm sure it would trump Casey's. But I'm not qualifying their worth based on beauty. (Sorry, dearest. I'll make sure to spend freely this weekend to make up for that slight.) The five stars it gets is based on the general relaxing vibe it exudes.It's far enough off the Mill Avenue strip that the douchebaggery of those bars rarely flows over into Casey's. I've seen that the only gripe most people have with this bar is the occasional frat boy that wanders onto the patio, but even though these specimens in their natural environment are prone to swinging their dicks and strutting with impunity, they act different once they're surrounded by the regular clientele. The regulars could care less that you're the beer pong champion or top sorority sex kitten, can you engage in a meaningful conversation? No? Then kindly take your bulging biceps and stilettos to Scottsdale, where you're sure to be appreciated.I love the fact that this bar attracts such a broad range of people, all of whom coexist in an atmosphere of mutual respect and happy drunkenness. The elderly come here for the oysters, the hipsters come here to show off their newest tattoo. ASU professors coexist with high school dropouts. Professional bar hoppers chit chat with weekend warriors. The food's pretty wicked as well. French onion soup, the Hippie Sandwich, the Tuna Bacon Melt, the Fishwich (without bread it just becomes fish and chips, but way cheaper), the Oysters Rockefeller, the Chipotle Chicken Wings, the Clamstrip basket at 5 bucks a pop...it's greasy and divine. The prices aren't absurd, but are a little on the steep side for bar food, but it's totally worth it. And if you go for happy hour, there are free munchies inside near the dart board.It's a lovely little pub with a great patio, friendly servers and decent drink prices. Go there often enough and I'm sure its subtle charm will capture your fancy (and your wallet), just as it has countless others.Dearest Casey Moore, you hold a place in my heart and although my liver denies it, she thinks you're pretty cool too.
4	I wanted to wait to review Casey's until I actually sat down and ate a meal there.  I go to Casey's pretty often on the weekend nights to enjoy some libations but I had not actually ate any of the food.  I went today to have lunch with a friend and really enjoyed my Shrimp and Avocado salad.  The service was slow even though there was only one other occupied table in the restaurant area.  The food definitely made up for the slower service.  They have a lot of seafood on the menu as they are an Oyster house. I don't know that I would ever try oysters in the middle of the desert but I hear their Clam Chowder is awesome.   A lot of friends eat here on a regular basis and enjoy it but I mostly go to Caseys for liquid refreshment only. The only complaint I have is that this place gets PACKED some weekends and the wait for the bathroom can be ridiculous.  I really don't like overcrowded places and Caseys definitely has that potential on any given Friday or Saturday night.
5	Casey Moore's and I have a complicated relationship.  I don't think there's a better place within 400 miles to grab a drink with friends, yet there are times when I just absolutely refuse to go here.  You see, if I go once, I'll likely have such a good time that I'll want to go again tomorrow.  This cycle will continue and, being a person who thrives on variety, I'll totally get sick of the patio, the (always interesting) crowds, and the food.  I don't want that to happen, so I'll just ration my visits out accordingly.Casey Moore's is a college bar in the best sense of the term.  When I'm 40, I'll come here and not feel weird about it at all.  If you ask me, that is what  a great establishment is all about.
5	Although patio bars are a dime of dozen in the Valley,  there isn't one that stands out quite like Casey Moore's. People come out in droves to this charming century-old-house-turned neighborhood-bar, which is rumored to be haunted.Guinness flows like water. The bartenders know nearly everyone by name. And the patio is a favorite among Valley hipsters, hippies and musicians, garnering a who's who in the Valley nightlife scene. Jimmy Eat World frontman Jim Adkins even named-dropped the Ninth and Ash haunt on the band's track "If You Don't, Don't."
4	I never go to Casey's at the right time, so it seems. It's usually Friday night when I'm bored of my usual haunts and It's packed full. Packed Full, that's a problem? Well, just for me, i suppose, since I'm new to the area and don't have friends here, yet. I have tons of work friends that drink there and never seem to see them, even with hundreds of happy drinkers. Good place to meet a chick from myspace, plenty of witnesses. It's a big, crazy house party with drunk coeds on the lawn.  But when it's that full, getting a seat at the bar can be tricky, or a table for that matter and when you don't know anyone it's more of a challenge to squeeze in. I've been told to come earlier to get inaugurated into the family, we'll see, it could happen. The staff is friendly enough and the beer selection is plentiful. Parking is interesting, they have a small lot that fills fast and theres always alot of bikes out front. With pedals. There is parking on the street and walking is not uncommon.
2	I'm giving CM's two stars because despite the fact that the beer was decent and the food mostly tasty, I was so immensely turned off when I had to listen to the "we really don't do separate checks" speech from our server.   We were a party of 8 engaging in light drinking and mostly appetizers.   This was not culinary calculus.  I've served.  I've served parties ranging in size from 1-63.   Never, ever has it been a problem giving people separate checks, even 63 of them.   You teach your party to be patient but give them what they want.  "We aren't really supposed to do separate checks" is your way or signifying to me that you're lazy or stupid, with neither being a quality I want from a server.   Fried food, burgers, wraps and seafood are a dime a dozen.  What makes a restaurant standout is how welcoming it is, pardon the cheesey reference, but how much like Cheers it is.   The first step in the journey to earning loyal customers if service and whining about separate checks is no step forward--it's a backflip.
3	Here's the thing about Casey Moore's... the pub fare is bad.... except for the french fries and the free stuff that they have during happy hours on Fridays (they might have it on other days too.... I don't know).  I've heard that the restaurant food is actually good and that the oysters are flown in fresh daily.  The beer is decent.  The service is usually pretty slow.   Even at lunch when you are the only people there.  There are a couple of neighborhood cats that are always hanging around.  The people watching is good and I've had some of the my most interesting random conversations with people I've met in the ladies room.  It's just right there.  I could crawl home from there.  I could bike home from there.  I could walk on my hands home from there.  The point?  It is ridiculously close to my little house, therefore I frequent Casey's more than I might if it were on Mill Ave.  Plus I like polling men abotu their opinion on the Blarney stone (there are lovers and there are haters, but very few men fall in between).
4	Fun Irish-pub type vibe with a great beer selection and not your typical bar food. I love the oysters on the half-shell, salads, sandwiches and fried zucchini/mushroom combo.Casey's offers inside dining and a bar - but the expansive patio is the hang-out spot. The clientele is varied and full of regulars. People from all ages and backgrounds hang out here but it's especially popular with ASU students, staff and faculty. The only downside is parking can be difficult, service sometimes slow and it can become fairly crowded - especially on the weekend.
4	This is THE place to go if you want to hate on Scottsdale with your friends. It can get somewhat crowded and you'll find more elbow room outside on the expansive patio, but I've never seen it wall-to-wall people. This is pretty much a well-known fixture of downtown Tempe and it's frequented by all sorts of artsy cool-type people. It's not your typical college bar. It's also not really some sort of locals-only club. I tend to get tired of going there easily because my friends who consider themselves too cool for Scottsdale always mention either that or Bikini Lounge or some other Central Phoenix hipster dive. I also find that most people are much younger than me... it's not as bad as a lot of bars near the campus, but it's still pretty obvious. That could just be that I'm getting too old to go out though. Perhaps I should just stay inside. I mean, I agree with my friends who think Scottsdale is full of douchebags, but I staunchly disagree with their belief that there's nowhere cool to go in Scottsdale. Scottsdale is littered with awesome non-douchebag places to go. I guess that's beside the point... almost... I guess I just think that a lot of people from Phoenix and Tempe see Scottsdale as being full of snobs (Snobbsdale) apart from the douchebaggy scene. It seems like they are always saying how lame Scottsdale is because everyone sucks and blah blah, but that kind of attitude just sounds to me like reverse snobbery. Like "I'm too cool to hang in Scottsdale... " Whatever.So Casey Moore's - it's basically an old reliable pub. Not the easiest place to get a drink at, but it's a cool place to chill and drink and talk with friends without having to yell over techno beats or top 40 hits. The upstairs is supposedly haunted and the owners are constantly pissing off the neighborhood residents because it's hard to find parking and people are noisy on the patio. Shit, I just realized someone else described the patio as "expansive" also - well, whatever - it is. If someone says "hey, meet me in Tempe - where should we go?" Casey Moore's is probably going to top the list for lack of anything much cooler.
5	Es Gud!*****UPDATE*****what's up with the door guy? A bit of an ego problem it seems, so I haven't been going there for a while. Something about being hassled makes me want to go somewhere else for dinner.
5	My favorite place to go when the weather becomes a tick cooler than the seventh circle of hell.  Best French onion soup on the planet, and a most fantastic variety of beer (plus good cocktails, if that's what the doctor calls for).  The best part has already been mentioned -- that there is a huge variety of people come here and everything goes.  There is nothing you could show up in that would raise eyebrows, as evidenced by Greg P.'s most amusing nut hugger shorts and vomit story.  Love!
5	The weather has turned and Casey's is a great place to hang out on a perfect Arizona afternoon. This is why I love Arizona, when the heat brakes, it is just great to go out on any day and have drinks at Casey's. Call in sick people on a Tuesday and go to Casey's, sit on the patio and have a few drinks, it's awesome.
5	New found respect for my favorite bar in Tempe....All the names have been changed to protect the dead...Went in right before last call...I walk in and a stranger says hi and introduces to me to his Friends (I love talking to strangers its always nice when they talk to me first)after a bit the strangers tells me hes buying the Bar a round of shots..."wow, what are you celebrating?" I ask"my Friend Steve committed suicide on Monday!" well if you ever needed an excuse to drink that's a good one....So the bar tenders where very nice and poured 20 Applesauce shoots...they ring a bell he makes a very eloquent speech....about his friend Steve.......we all drink up...Then as the bar filters out this girl comes in up to him and in a big cheery voice..."hey are you Steve? I here Ur buying drinks!"the cround went silent and let out a huge gasp of air...Now I imagine right after your Friend commted suicide your pretty much on the edge....I almost assumed he was going to start crying....or yell at her....or even just walk away.....But instead he was very cool about it...."I'm buying drinks, in honor of my Friend Steve who committed suicide."I was impressed by his demeanor and the fact that he didn't hide from the facts....I was also impressed with the service at Casey's...they could have cruelly taken advantage of his situation here (there's a story about a drunken NYC firefighter on the anniversary of 911 here....but that's later)they took care of him very well, and made sure he was safe....Plus one star....---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bad...ah $10 minimum on cedit cards...Good: Amazingly Cheap! it took me 3 drinks (Vodka red bull)l to get to that limit! LA: $15 drinks Tempe,AZ $4.50!last went Halloween Saturday...Packed but amazed at the 4 bartenders out in back patio on there efficiency...speed and quality of drinks they where slinging even though there was a line to get to the bar they still where personable I even saw them help take pictures for someone when they had a chance to breath...Peeps: yes ASU cround but all so some older local "students" that will always be talking classes.. and some great local Artists...Decor Irish pub with the largest Patio you have ever seen I was trying to meet someone here it took me several rounds untill I looked in every nook and crany...I think the servis is slow just because the place is that big....the Fountain bathroom is not a selling point for me. the inside is quite nice...so all combined really slow servis, the Peeing fountain, and the $10 credit card limit I'm going to knock a star off. but its certainly a place id go back to.
5	After being dashed around Tempe like a lost sheep who strayed from the herd, I was eventually ushered into Casey Moore's. The colors are the gaudy southwest type and the building is rather large and unassuming. Must be a converted house smack in the University District, right? Yes. That it may be, but it's so much more than that. Inside tends to get crowded but where the real action is at is on the ginormous patio they house. There is a separate bar outside for all the action and plenty of people flock to it's calling. There are drinks a plenty, people watching a plenty, food a plenty and oysters. Oysters? In the desert? Sure, why not? Shuck em down!Bonus: for the guys, the Blarney Stone is not to be missed!
5	My favorite bar in Arizona. Great outdoor seating, great food, great beer, great staff. The bathroom line can be annoying sometimes, but it's never that bad. If you are a guy, you could be peeing on a fountain. The only thing to be weary about is that you'll probably end up running into someone you don't want to see.
5	Casey Moore's is all about reunions. Any time I'm in Arizona and want to see my old friends, I find them at Casey Moore's.It's like being the lunchroom in elementary school again, moving table to table and mingling. Seriously good times.I honestly have never gone to Casey Moore's and not run into someone I know.
5	Underage, my first visit to Casey's, I went for the delightful food, and managed to stay for the strong long islands. The bar tender didn't ID me since I had been in since lunch; I got trashed and ended up following strangers to a party across the street where I passed out on a checker board. The bathrooms are notoriously crowded--desperate, I went into the men's bathroom, (I'm a girl), where I  shared a stall with some chick I didn't know--that was my second time to Casey's, but my first being hit on in a men's restroom. Also that night, a woman drunk to the point of crazed intensity, urinated herself and stumbled out onto the patio where--wet and googly eyed--she was accepted by the drunken and peaceful patrons. My third time to Casey's, I fell in love. Right there, under the Palm Tree whose white lights shine year round. My last time to Casey's,  a little over two years after we drank and laughed ourselves absolutely love sick under the night sky on the casually mooded patio,  even the chill Casey's vibe couldn't take away the uneasy chills and deep pitted anxiety of lost love. The drinks are strong, the patio's dreamy, the inside smells like beer rot, and Casey's usually leads to good conversation and an adventure.
1	Everybody raves about this place. But, come on...the food is not that great-  over-priced greasy bar food. And the crowd-please it's horrible. Just because a lot of people go there doesn't make it amazing. The only pro is it is a great place for big groups and it has a pretty nice patio. But, its impossible to get a table.
2	I agree with the poor reviews on this place.I have found the food to be expensive and very boring.The drinks are ok, the beer is ok, the atmosphere is ok.  It's very... ok.  Maybe if I lived in the neighborhood and could walk there I'd feel differently.  However, I don't, so I won't be returning anytime soon.Oh, and it doesn't seem very Irish bar-ish to me.  They have Irish beer, and Irish type food, but thats it.
5	Casey's is probably the bar I've been to the most since I've lived in the Valley, and although its seen me through many phases of growth along my twenties and in the full spectrum of sobriety, it has remained so reassuringly consistent.I started coming here while still in grad school at ASU in 2000 and I was hooked by the best patio in the Valley and the eclectic mix of people indie, students, yups (.... the sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, waistoids, dweebies, dickheads  ... okay, that last part was from Ferris Beuller).  There is no better mesh of drinkers in the valley than you will find at Casey's.  Its a comfortable place for everyone to come and drink.Heck, i even had my after-graduation reception here with a bunch of family and out-of-towners who really enjoyed the atmosphere, drinks and food as well.Its a place to come for day drinking, happy hour, special events (St Paddy's), early evening, pre-concert, late night, and last call. Its good to take your date or your best friend or even the fam.  If you like beer, its your spot, if you like the hard stuff, its your spot.It is truly "the perfect bar".Oh, and you can always count on this place being "alive" because something that really fucks me up about the Valley are the lack of people drinking in bars I'm at ... and that kind of atmosphere tends to suck all the life out of the evening.
4	I enjoy hanging out on the patio at this place. Diverse crowd, cheap drinks, always something going on. I don't live in Tempe, so I don't hit this place very often, but I always enjoy myself when I do.
4	I cure hangovers by eating oysters and drinking bloody marys on the patio at Casey Moore's.  I don't know what it is about that combo...the sunshine? Possibly. The juicy shellfish? Maybe. The double shot of vodka mixed in a spicy tomato juice concoction? Probably. Best breakfast ever.
5	This always has and always will be my favorite bar and it is also a wonderful restaurant.  I'm not a bar person - especially not these days, but Casey's holds a special place in my heart.  I think that it has to do with the outdoor patio.  I love the space.  I like the trees and shrubbery.  It feels quite homey.  I've ordered many salads, sandwiches and burgers - and have always found the food surprisingly good.  From appearance, it doesn't look like that kind of place can put out such good food - but they do!  I suggest a late afternoon stop by for early dinner and beer.  Great place!!!
5	This is my favorite haunt. Whether it be St. Patricks Day, before a sundevil game or just a place to meet some friends for a quick drink. Gavin and the rest of the peeps are great. The food is the good, whether out on the patio eating bar food or inside the dining room indulging in dinner. This place will always be the primary place to grab a Guinness for me.
3	It was just okay - my hubby and I literally planned all our meals per reviews from YELP!!! Except for Yvonne's Cafe which of course turned out to be two stars... Casey's was pretty chill and our waitress was extra nice.  The food was okay,  the clams was not worth 14 bucks, literally twelve clams... the wings were good for 6 bucks, and the seafood sandwich with fries - just forget about it - imitation crab meat with some dressing, not what I call seafood.  The seafood sandwich was recommended by the waitress.  If we ever head back for some spring training action, will definitely give it another try - and eat a burger or something!
4	This is one of my favorite places, especially when the weather is nice and I can grab a seat on the patio.  I always love the eclectic crowd that is here, a very far cry from your "Snotsdale" bars in the valley (probably why I love this place so much).  The service can be spotty at times, but regardless the servers are always very friendly.  My favorite things here are the oysters and a pint or 3 of Guiness, and their teriyaki wings are extra tasty.  If you are a fan of chill, funky places, this is the place for you.
5	So for my 100th review I decided to write about Casey Moore's. It is a delightful combination of two bars at Ohio State that my husband and I frequented quite often during our years in Columbus, so it brings back fond memories of nights of heavy drinking and chilling on outdoor patios during the few precious months of warmth we have in the Midwest.Casey's is a great spot if you want a laid back bar, especially on a Friday afternoon when you skip out of work early.  My husband and I are big fans of places where we can sit outside, have a few glasses of beer, and catch up since during the week we are occasionally too busy to really see each other much.  The other great thing is the cross section of people Casey's attracts...undergrads, grad students, professors, young professionals like myself, and other folks who live in or around the neighborhood.Service has always been friendly and prompt each time we've been there, whether it be a Friday afternoon at happy hour or a Wednesday or Thursday night at 10 pm.  The only food we've ate at Casey's has been the mozzarella sticks (the perfect fried food companion to beer) and they are delicious...I really enjoy the light battering because it doesn't sit so heavy in my stomach.My only small gripe with Casey's is their parking lot which gets full pretty quickly and you can't park on some of the streets until a certain point in the evening.  But I guess that really means that my husband and I shouldn't be so lazy and should just ride our bikes.
5	This is a great place, one of my favorites, to grab a drink and relax. you don't even need to go with people because you are often guaranteed to run into somebody you know! The drinks are poured with a giving hand and the food is pretty damn good. Often times the specials that are offered are amazing!Casey's is a great place to hang with friends or sit and relax on a weekend afternoon.
1	I have been here twice and both times sucked.  Today was the worst it was 4PM on a Sunday and there were a group of hammered assholes, screaming and it ruined my meal.  The Fat Tire is at least good at this place.Also you can't get in the door unless you have 3 piercings, and 12 tats.
4	I want more of Casey Moore's, but the question is how much more?My first experience with Casey's was a good one.  Keep in mind I went on a Wednesday night,  and it was mellow. I think this place could be rather obnoxious on a weekend, if it full of ASU students. I was fortunate to be hanging with some Grad students and couple post graduate people, all who were mature and chill. Reading some of the negative reviews (and talking to friends)  I get the impression a few meatheads, could really ruin this place for someone. The decor, location, and sprawling layout makes this place very different from most Tempe Bars. It's hidden away on Ash st. and besides being right next to train tracks, it's very quiet. I like the fact it's old, weathered and nostalgic. CMs has a good variety of beer, and great prices (Stella for $3.50 Woohoo!) I think like any place who you meet up with, will enhance your experience. I had a chance to talk to some fellow Bostonians, as we chatted about Boston culture.  Throwing lines out like "Get the Pitccha it's cheapa"  or "I'm foockin Caaacked."  My personal favorite topic of conversation, discussing the dreaded all white Red Sox hat turned backwards. Anyone from Boston knows not to mess with this guy. I suggest CMs, for drinking and conversation, and now having been there on a weekend, it's still  pretty chill, at least after Midnight, where we can let it all hang out.
5	love this place. great food with local feel.
5	Casey Moore oh how I love thee.   You helped me through college even more than all my classes and prof's combined.   You taught me that day drinking was an acceptable practice.   You taught me on many a nights that drinking and biking don't mix.You even clean up nice enough that I brought my family and grandma here for dinner once.   Happy hours with co-workers you're into that too.  First date, yup, you're on it.Thanks Casey!
5	I was here one time, for about a half hour before it closed, and in that thirty minutes I deemed it the best bar in Tempe.  I consulted with friends from that area since then, and I have heard that I am correct.  One of my friends said that Casey Moore's was the only cool thing about Tempe.  I'm happy to be going back to AZ to experience this awesome bar again.  It doesn't even scare me that I'm going alone, as I feel like I will make friends right after I walk in.
5	Oh Casey's.  So many memories made, so many forgotten by the next day.
5	Casey's is forgiving and she gets 5 stars. I've been going there for ten years and even though I have been kicked out multiple times.. (Using the blarney stone, using the mens restroom, generally causing a rukus).. They always let me back in. (Sometimes with a stern warning to behave..) Their food is decent and inside dining suitable for family.I truly love this place, she is like my home away from home.
3	I am not one for a college bar hangout.  I have been brought here several times and I have to say that those several times have been lackluster.The food was good bar fare with giant portions.  I haven't tried the oysters yet. Soon.My rec is go here for a late 2 martini lunch.
4	A cool 96 degree summer evening in Tempe, 3 delicious ice cold brews and average bar grub made for a splendid way to spend a Saturday night with friends.If I went to college at ASU I know I would have been a regular at this place.  I love how many places there are to sit outside and I love the lighting.  I can imagine day drinking would be glorious here although I have yet to experience it.I ordered the strawberry chicken salad and it was great but for some reason the spinach was not cold...maybe that 96 and balmy had something to do with it.  My boyfriend had the burger and my best friend enjoyed her seafood sandwich.  The star of the table was the chocolate cake which I sadly bailed on.The ambiance makes the place and when in the area, I am sure to return for a casual evening with friends in the future
4	One of the better bars in the area. It's a real gem hidden amoung the big tree's. It reminds me of a place back home called Nye's. So if you want to just go hang out with a great mix of people and drink, and hopefully not fall in the pond that's in the back, it's a great place. Summer is usually a better time to go to avoid the young college crowd. Those little guppies don't know how to handle their liquor yet!The staff there is great. Humorous and if your not a total doushe bag they'll mix you a mean drink.I wish I could go there more often because it's always a good time when I'm there. OMG and I had this really good sandwich there once. It was killer!Mmmmm......sandwich.....uuggghhh!!!I wanna go there now!!!! You wanna go there? Let's go!!!!
5	What I like about Casey Moore's (other than the obvious drunkenness) is that it's a converted house. I'm a sucker for anything that's not in a strip mall and the fact that it's in the historic Maple-Ash neighborhood in Tempe is a bonus. It's neat to sit and drink on the large patio and watch people walk to their homes or on their way to Mill Ave. I'm always jealous of those people. If I could afford one of those houses, I'd move there and frequent Casey Moore's every week. Being walking distance from such a cool bar? Score. It's a nice change to have brews on their large patio and enjoy the winter or spring weather.
3	C Moore's is a nice place.  The only "neighborhood" bar I know of in Tempe.  Good beer selection and some decent eats.  I'd visit it again.
4	All time favorite. My husband and I go here frequently. Great place to catch up with friends or just simply have some beers and people watch. You must try their Hippie sandwich and the oysters.. .WOW! Great place to start and/or end the night. If taking kids, they can only be in the dining room until dinner time. Totally chill and away from the Scottsdale scene. Bring a deck of cards...
5	This is my favorite bar in the entire world.  While in college at ASU, we found a mathematical truth:  No matter where you were in Tempe and where you were heading, Casey's was always in the middle.I really like that it doesn't cater to one crowd, but instead welcomes all.  It goes through phases with different groups, but at the end of the day this is just one of the most comfortable places to knock back a pint or 5.
4	Okay...i was with a bunch of ASU students on a Friday night.  For not liking the uni crowd...i had tons of fun this time!  Our server had the timing of a Swiss watch, up to the second accurate as to when the next round had to be ordered, and never skipped a beat!  I drank 10 London pubs worth of gin and tonics and had a happy buzz going.  I was kinda hoping that this crazy guy sitting with us was gonna start shit cuz I was feeling good and numb I could've gone a full 10 rounds with him, but I maintained and circulated instead.I am giving Casey Moore's another star for our stellar server!  If the management reads this I hope that they believe in merit raises and employee rewards and utilize these incentives.My rec stands...unless you are going with a gregarious group who can handle a lot of alcohol.
3	Let me be the first to pile on Casey Moore's with review number 72!  As a place to go drinking with friends-4 stars.  Great atmosphere, diverse crowd, good stuff on tap (my favorite is the Four Peaks Scottish Amber), great outdoor seating area.For dining they get 3 stars.  It has been several months since I left New England and Casey Moore's is my first venture out for seafood, albeit with diminished expectations.  That being said, my Fish & Chips ($11.00, Cod, not the Haddock overhanging the plate I had grown accustomed to) was pretty good.  The fish was lightly battered and done just right-moist, tender, soft and juicy.  The chips were skin -on fries.My wife had Salmon Oscar.  The salmon was slightly overdone, and the crab and hollandaise sauce was a little too fishy.  She ordered a double cooked baked potato that looked and tasted exactly like the prefab twice baked potato's that came with some Omaha Steaks I received from my boss last Christmas.  There were also slices of zucchini and yellow squash which were sauteed with mild seasoning.The waitress was outstanding and gave us unbiased recommendations such as: "I would stay away from the Surf & Turf.  We just don't go through enough lobster and the kitchen doesn't always do a great job with it.  It gets sent back sometimes."  Good to know.  She also recommended the Salt Cellar for great Fish & Chips. Overall, I would give them 3 stars and I would return for Fish & Chips and drinking.
4	Four stars because I've never eaten here, BUT ... as for the bar ... what hasn't been said? It's a cool place, especially with all the outdoor space.Speaking of, you know that one week of GREAT weather between Summer and Not Summer? Go here then.
5	This bar is the coolest hang bar in valley.  I liked it so much I moved across the street from it.  The patio is huge and usually always buzzing with drunks and attractive women or the ever coveted hybrid of those two groups.  They have a decent tap, and the place is relatively well priced.  It seems to be the central nodal point of the Tempe hipster scene.  I met a lot of people through there.  A good place to go if you're single or as a couple.  If you're a guy, you even get to piss in their "blarney stone".   The bartenders are super cool, and make seriously stiff cocktails.  Go there, tonight.
5	This place deserves the accolades.  As far as I've found, it is the best bar in the greater Phoenix area.  The huge patio space and limited interior means that it's friendly to both smokers and non-smokers, which I think has had a large part in their popularity.  It also just seems to attract an interesting crowd, and I think that's what really makes it different.Every bar attracts a specific average of people.  Casey Moore's tends to attract those involved in creative fields like theatre, film, music, etc.  I don't want to say this means any one thing, but it really does make the place more interesting.  If you are creatively inclined, you are far more likely to meet someone you might actually like as a human being there, and that means a lot.
5	When you go to "the bar" in Tempe, you go to Casey's. It is THE neighborhood bar (literally), and it always feels like home. In the summer, sit outside and sip on your ice cold beer. In the winter, sit under the heat lamps and bundle up to whoever you're sitting next to. It doesn't change; Casey's is always a good time.
4	How can you go wrong with Casey Moore's,This chill location is like no other, located in the middle of a residential district Caseys offers a chill location compared to the busy Mill Ave.  The wait staff and patrons are great peoples that come to enjoy a good beer and their friends.  Be ready to enjoy a very diverse crowed of people here.  The food,Ok well the food is above average here, personally I like the fries and the sandwich, I won't boast about every item on the menu. Look for the lights on the tree when you driving down Ash.
3	I had lunch here last weekend. I have yet to experience the weekend night crowd though. So I plan on going back. I had the seafood salad sandwich and it was awesome. I love the neighborhood and the relaxed feeling of the place. My only complaint was that our waitress was really bad. She was pretty vacant. We ate lunch and then took a short walk to shop for vinyl. All in all, a rad Sunday afternoon.
3	I went to Casey's last Friday night and was severely disappointed in the food.  I had their signature Cajun chicken dish and it was one of the worst meals I've had in recent memory.  The beers and drinks were good and the fries were amazing, but the chicken was just not good.   Since my friend's meals looked decent and the atmosphere was fun and friendly, I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 1.  The outdoor seating area was huge, colorful, and had a great vibe.
4	what a great great bar.I love coming here in the day and relaxing all day with friends. It is such a chill place.  The food is pretty tasty and the waitresses are always cool. There is a mix of everyone there from punks, to preps and everything in between and everyone is cool.I also love to pee on the blarney stone and you should do it too if you get the chance.  If you are bored and are not sure where to go this is the best answer.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in the world to spend time at. The crowd is always a great mix of people. The drinks are always cheap and come quick. I always run into a friend or two that I haven't seen for awhile, and wasn't expecting to see here. It does get overly crowded sometimes, but that is definitely part of the charm.
5	So Casey's has been reviewed up and down on Yelp. I hope to provide some detailed information to help you get the best experience you can when coming to this neighborhood bar.First off, there are beer specials every day. If a review states that the beer was $3.50 it was either on happy hour or was the beer of the day. Most of the beers on draft are regularly $4-$4.50. They also have a decent selection of bottled beers (and Boddington's in the can).They have a board inside at the end of the main bar that has daily specials, this will usually consist of a higher dollar specialty item and desert along with a lower cost lunch type item. Just ask your server and they will give you the run down.If you are in the mood for a very fast appetizer, the clams or shrimp will arrive in usually less than 5 minutes. Other apps come out as usual 10-15 minutes. Sandwiches and salads run about the same time depending on what needs to be cooked. I personally recommend the Hippy Sandwich with Blackened Chicken.If you are looking for less of a crowd avoid Thursday-Saturday, as said before the bar is very popular and the weekend warriors come out in packs. Tuesday is a great day to come out, the special is Black and Tans but you can get either Bass or Guinness for $3.50 all day/night. A good place to park is the alleyway behind Buffalo Exchange or the parking lot to the east of it. If it's a busy night don't even try to get in the main parking lot.Sunday's a bartender named Tyler works the outside bar and he makes a seriously spicy Bloody Mary. He also loves to high five, don't let him down.Hope this info helps you have a good time at this great neighborhood spot, see you at the bar.
5	Good place, good people... Me and my girl go here all the time and here you will find all kinds of people and I do mean all kinds of people. Which is a good thing, I love there chowda and clams, still haven't found a damn pearl though ha... The bartenders are cool I don't really order from any anyone else but the bartenders, no reason it just happens that way skip Zuma's and the Tavern Go there! just to step outside your box for once
4	A classic. Go on the early side if you want to enjoy dinner, stay late for the crowds. Get their oysters rockefeller.
4	Great bar with mediocre food.  The best times to go are happy hour and from 10pm on.  Happy is $2 off food and $1 off beer.  I get the wings during happy hour and am always full from what seems like more than a dozen.This is kind of a see and be seen place, but not a meat market like the bars on Mill.  If I am downtown and get sick of annoying frat kids, Casey's is always good.
4	Everytime I come here the service is great. Great food, great drinks, good prices. One of the best bars in Tempe, if not THE best. A few bad things... The inside bathroom is pretty terrible and waaaay too small (another outside). Sucks when your stuck waiting for some coke-head to get out of the bathroom so you can go. Parking can be a real problem, mainly on weekends. You may have to get creative where you park (side-streets, near dumpster, dirt). Crowds here consist mainly of ASU college types, hipsters, and theatre geeks. I've noticed most of the older folks usually hang out at the inside bar. No jukebox, but sometimes they have random entertainment, like setting up video games outside. Giant patio for smoking, if that's your thing too. Be prepared for large crowds on weekend nights. Oh, and a hungry kitty prowling around  =)This place is definitely worth checking out if you've never been.
2	Good because it's local, and you can sit outside and smoke. However, it is also highly, highly overrated. There is nothing special about the food or beer selection, and the parking situation is almost always horrid despite a large private lot.Worst of all, it is usually peopled by soft, pudgy ASU kids. It's the kind of place sophmores and juniors go to, saying, "wow! This is so college! I am so in college now! Look how college I am! I'm going to flip my baseball cap around and put on some flip flops!"For a real hole-in-the-wall, find a hole-in-the-wall. Casey Moore's is a place that was a hole-in-the-wall and is now firmly ASU establishment - a good place to network with the future VPs of Dupont.
4	Casey Moore's was my favorite place when I was at ASU. Good bar food, I would always get chicken fingers and clam chowder.At night I loved the bar outside and the booths. The outdoor bathroom is pretty unique too... I couldn't believe it the first time I went there.. I thought my buddies were messing with me.Anyways... now that I'm not in Tempe I miss it so it's definitely worth going to
5	The food is always consistent, the atmosphere is like a little oasis in the middle of the desert.  I love the owner...Casey Moore!!
2	we don't know why this place has such a great reputation. it's loaded with hipster douches and assholes with attitudes who all look like lumberjacks.boring. it's just not that cool. the oysters are good though. free appetizers for happy hour on sunday. that's pretty much the only time to go. there's also never any place to sit on a busy night. dumb.it's the shady's of tempe.
5	Casey Moore's is an institution as ASU. Having attended ASU and frequenting the establishment during my four years it is the bar I hold all other bars against. I'm not going to bother writing an in-depth review because there are enough great review and very few bad reviews. I will say this Casey Moore's, unlike many of the bar around ASU, draws a diverse crowd. My art and design friends and my fraternity friends all came here regularly. It draws a bit older crowd as well, lots of alumni in the area still drop by. As a restaurant I would give Casey's 4 or 5 stars too. Hell, whenever my mom would come to visit me she wanted to eat lunch as Casey Moore's. If you are averse to being around a bunch of college students then perhaps this is not the place you should be drinking at but it is still worth a visit for lunch or dinner before the night crowd comes.
5	This is a bar. I have never ordered raw oysters here, but the Oysters Rockafeller, though they take some time to arrive, are well worth the wait. The bartenders and servers are all super cool, they have a nice selection of draught beer and single malt whisky too.The crowd ranges from incredibly down to earth and musically inclined, to yuppy gay hipster, with a liberal smattering of Tempe Locals Faculty  and Students. I don't really think that anyone plans to come to Casey's to eat. You eat at Casey's because you have been drinking!!! This place has a really beautiful grounds. The beer garden and victorian really are a lovely setting in which to soak in your friend's story while. Lot's of eye contact and flirting seem to go down here!
4	I am finally compelled to write a review because I have frequented this establishment on more than a few occasions and for multiple purposes - hunger, thirst, and the need for a busy scene with a good dose of hipsters. To eat: The food is ok, but I would never bring out-of-town guests here for dinner to impress. Would definitely recommend coming here after dinner or for a nice, fried drunken snack. To drink: The beer selection is decent, the wine isn't awesome but cheap, and the rest will get the job done if you are willing to wait at the bar.Really, I come here for the scene. It's busy - lots of different people walking around. You can mingle with strangers or have a private conversation amidst the busy, drunken, smoky scene. Sitting outside makes it the great bar that it is, especially with the heaters on during the colder months. The waitstaff is super chill, considering the kind of banter and shenanigans they have to deal with. Overall, this is one of the cooler bars in Tempe and I'd go here over any Mill bar any day.
1	Drinks are a bit over priced. The food is above average bar food. My problem is with the doorstaff; it seems like everytime we are there the doorstaff is hustling me/one of my friends about dumb stuff [IDs, expiration dates, footwear, etc.]  They also seem to have a proclivity towards abuses of power. I've seen the doorstaff get into altercations, where they clearly had the upper hand/control of the situation and still continued to use violence [for fun]. Most recently, they had a guy on the ground on Ash in a headlock and still continued to kick him. Sorry, but I need a de-stressing waterhole.
2	I'll start by saying that I love Casey's and I definitely frequent there more than any other bar in town. But the service is absolutely the worst around (outside at least, and I would not recommend going inside). Expect to wait 15 minutes to get a waitress to notice your table and then expect another 15 between ordering and actually getting your drink. Oh, and don't be surprised it your waitress confuses Smithwicks with Fat Tire.That said, the drink prices are good (especially during happy hour), the location is awesome, and nothing beats sitting outside at Casey's on a nice afternoon/night.I would not recommend eating anything that isn't fried (how is this place an oyster house?!), though it does have good food for drunk people.
4	Casey's is a great place to bring friends and relax outside. It's also great for a late night meal and a beer. Their food is pretty damn good and I highly enjoy their pear cider mixed with Guiness. Yum.It's always a nice change to be able to sit outside at tables, instead of cramped inside some dark bar. The only down sides to this place are it can get quite packed so you're out of a place to sit  for the night, and it can take a good 5-8 minutes to get a drink. At least they have two bars.......!
5	To be a bit more helpful, I gathered up the list of beer specials and have a few more tidbits to add for your e-consumption. Daily specials: Monday - Newcastle Tuesday - Black and Tan (Guinness and Bass, either together or separately) Wednesday - Stella Artois Thursday - Four Peaks Kiltlifter Friday - Smithwicks Saturday - Fat Tire Sunday - Sierra Nevada There are five total televisions; four in the main bar (two LCD big screens) and one small TV at the back bar. Sports is usually a safe bet, assuming there is something worthwhile/local to watch. If it's slow and nothing is interesting, ask for a channel change. Wait a minute, why are you here watching random things on TV? The dining rooms ARE handicap accessible, you will need to speak to a staff member to have them open the back door and then go around the south side of the building to access the ramp. Handicap bathrooms are also available, again ask a staff member. The main bar has a "classic" dartboard and a chalkboard to keep score. Ask the bartender for the darts.
4	Casey Moore's is the kind of place where you can get comfortable at 11 at night, drink a pint and smoke a pack with other weirdoes and hipster wannabes. I'm a little bit of an awkward geek, and I always find myself pretty comfortable here, regardless of the time of day or my mood at the time. Hang around the outdoor area around the side and back; that's the best spot in town and everybody seems to know it.Since it's just off-campus, they're naturally a little extra careful regarding ID checks. Both entrances are usually manned by someone checking IDs, and it's pretty much the standard for downtown Tempe, so get used to it. Drinks aren't cheap, but run pretty much standard for the area, and they do have a pretty decent selection of brews for the beer snobs (count me among said group). Their daily specials are worth taking advantage of when you can, and their food is pretty tasty when you're hungry and just need to chow. I'm not a huge seafood fan (blame my desert heritage), but even I can enjoy these things they call "Oysters Rockafeller".I think what I like most about the place is the interesting mix of people you're bound to meet here. It's deep in the heart of college town, smack dab in a neighborhood populated by crunchy old granolas and tattooed art punks. I think I ran into my old life drawing teacher there half a dozen times. Just don't let yourself be intimidated by the d-bag hipsters, and you can have yourself a pretty good time.Thursdays and Fridays are the busiest, but it's a rare place where you can find a steady flow of patrons and regulars every night of the week. I suppose that's the benefit of literally being the "friendly neighborhood" bar.
5	Its a rarity to find a neighborhood bar with this kind of character and such a great patio.  The food is good, and at great prices.Bartenders and servers are friendly and the place draws a very diverse crowd.
5	Her name is Peaches and she is my bartender and not yours.  Sure she'll still serve you, get you shit faced and maybe even remember your name; she is good at what she does.  She'll take your money, talk some shit with a mischievous smirk and you might even get a genuine laugh out of her from time to time; but she is my bartender and not yours.You see dear reader; I know Peaches from a time long before she was a bartender and even before I fell in love with and was heading to Casey Moore's on a regular basis.  That is to say I know her from the "real world" that we one and all leave behind as soon as we stumble past Casey's gates and on to its rustic yet ample and cozy patios.  We've been friends longer than you've been trying to score her number or weasel a free drink from her; which are big No-No's in the bar world.  Peaches is fast, funny, friendly, fair and no, she won't go out with you; so stop asking.  If you get surly with her she'll give it back twice as hard and even when Casey's is packed to the gills on a Friday night, with her behind the bar you'll never be waiting long for that next thirst quenching libation.   Combined with how absolutely fucking awesome she is at her job, my pension for draining brews and the fact that Casey Moore's is going to be around forever, my patronage to this place isn't likely to waver anytime soon.Of course Peaches is the reason I still go to the place.  With the death of the Mill Ave of my youth, it is harder and harder for me to bring myself to make the freeway dash from my compound in Central Phoenix.  But this is a bar review blog, so if she is my bartender and you are either new to the valley or have been living in a hole for the past decade here are some reasons non-bartender related to fork over your hard earned doe for a night of drinking delights.First off and foremost, Casey Moore's is one of the last holdovers from what Mill Ave and downtown Tempe once was, a living breathing, drunken time capsule if you will.  It is an iconic relic of days past when Hayden's Ferry still actually made flour, before the dried up Salt River bed was terraformed into a stinking, mosquito infested swamp and when the only tendrils of corporate Americas extension was Fat Tuesdays.  Everywhere you ventured were dive bars, tiny music venues, independent stores and family owned eateries.  And now a decade later Casey's is the last bastion standing all alone as a reminder of the "good ole days".The bar itself is technically a restaurant, serving up very good if not slightly over price grub.  It also one of only a handful of places in this desert oasis that I would recommend eating an oyster from; that's right, ice cold and on the half shell honest to goodness oysters.  It is a great place to grab a cool one on a beautiful October afternoon and the solace of the location (in a residential neighborhood and literally, off the beaten path) is broken up at random intervals by passing freight trains.On the drinking side, Casey's has a cramped interior where you can throw a few darts or pony up to the bar; and if you are feeling froggy you can even grab an honest to goodness meal in the interior dining area.  But where the place truly separates itself from the pack is the patio.  Running the entire length of the property it is an enormous "L" shape.  There are tons of trees, tables, benches, heating lamps (for those chilly winter months) mister systems and hurricane fans (when it is hot), a Koi pond, full service outside bar and the infamous Blarney Stone all of which make the outside hospitable and desirable year round.  There are a dozen or so beers on tap and most days and night there is some of drink special running for all you college kids on a budget.  Even though Casey's has a hardcore following of loyal customers, the medium age for patronage is roughly 21-26 and due to its proximity to collegetown a vast majority of these are college students and artistic types.  During the summer months, when all that is left in this sun scorched hell on earth are the hard core locals and those too stupid to leave, you will find me there.  And maybe if you are lucky enough you can join me and find your own bartender, just like mine.Casey Moore's has no cover charge and proper attire is never required.   Depending on what is going on in the valley (or more specifically Tempe) it can be packed to near capacity or eerily dead.  Food is slightly over priced and actually pretty good.  There is almost always something on special so ask your waitress/bartender.
5	Love the ambiance here, and it doesn't get any better. Don't bother sitting inside; the outside is the place to be. Grab a few beers, get the club sandwhich that has chicken, bacon, AND ham and enjoy!We use to have ASU classes here when I was in grad school. I love this place.
4	Not much to add to the other reviews. We happy houred there a few times and eat oysters and fries. The drinks are strong, the bar tenders friendly, people drunk, and the oysters a bit small. Maybe they shrink on long plane rides...;-). In summary, a pretty happy experience!
3	The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really pleasant in the cooler months.  That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times.  A good place to socialize with reasonable prices, and oysters, yum.
4	+ Cheap & fresh raw oysters. Not very big, but we're in a dessert, and with that price, I'm not about to complain+ Delicious clam chowder+ Amazing blackened trout+ Unpretentious atmosphere (aka reasonable price)+ Prime location, downtown Tempe+ Decent parkingThis is my favorite spot to chill and relax with friends. And did I mention they have oysters on the half shell for $12/dozen?
4	This is a fun place for appetizers and drinks if it is not too crowded and the temperature is just right outside.  Otherwise the inside gets way too packed and you have to go outside where it is sometimes way to hot or way to cold depending on what month you go.I have been here many many times for dinner/drinks/appetizers and have had a good experience every time.  I am not really a fan of most of their food but do enjoy their oysters and their beer.  The service is relatively quick, prices reasonable, and staff fast and friendly as long as it isn't too busy.However, this review isn't just about sitting outside drinking beers with a few friends.  This is about a very unique experience I had recently.  Until recently I had no idea this place even had an upstairs.  It turns out there are a few small rooms upstairs where patrons can dine.  So, I reserved tables for 10-12ish people that were to join my fiance and I for dinner/drinks for her birthday.  I called a few days prior and they were very friendly and said it wouldn't be a problem.Upon arrival the night of we were taken behind the bar where a "secret" staircase could be found that leads upstairs.  I have been here many times and had NO idea about those steps or where they led.  Anyway, up the stairs, are 2 what used to be bedrooms converted into dining areas.  Each room had several small tables.  They reserved one of the rooms for my party which was perfect.  They put all the small tables together in the middle of the room and it was more than enough room for everybody.  Our waitress and servers were quick, friendly, and had plenty of stories about the "haunted" 2nd floor.  The food was ok and I should have just stuck with oysters and shrimp but oh well.  I guess its all about the same after a few drinks.We were upstairs at our table for about 2 hours and they didn't try to rush us out which was good on this busy Friday night.  I could have sat up there longer to avoid the hassle of going downstairs and fighting to get a drink and a table, but my party grew restless.  We headed downstairs, grabbed a picnic table outside and had the "typical" Casey Moore's experience.
4	have to write a quickie!this was great, my BFF and i jumped on the rail on monday, and went to Casey Moores. i had never gone she loves the place. i was not disappointed, it was a beautiful day and we sat outside. services was great. beer was great. i had wings, i liked them. we did order potato skins,which had green chile's in them, kinda weird?? but i liked it, other people at the table didn't..overall i will be going back.
5	Casey Moore's is my favorite place to meet friends and enjoy an evening catching up. The appetizers are consistently great and the veggie burger (get the chipotle mayo!) is perfection.It gets extremely crowded on Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays (11-close). Although that doesn't stop me from going, if you are hoping to find a place to sit without stalking getter-uppers, you'd beter go Sun - Wed night.  Dinner hours are almost always accessible. I'm a veg, so I can't comment on the seafood....But my friend Skye hearts the oysters!
1	I've been here once, and I will only go here once. I met my husband and some friends there after work sometime in February, when it was still cold enough at night to require jackets and outdoor heaters to sit outside. We were seated in a dark corner of the patio, where there were THREE portable heaters, none of which were turned on. We asked our ditzy, busty, DUMB waitress FOUR TIMES to turn them on, and she kept saying, "I'll have to ask someone to do it. I don't know how."  I finally asked her WHO she had to ask, and she pointed to the dirty looking guys acting as bouncers at the gate, who apparently are the only ones in the joint authorized to turn on the heat lamps. Fine. I walked over to them and asked if we could get our heaters turned on, and the guy walked right over and did it for us. Took all of 30 seconds. Oh, and it took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, several of the orders were messed up. And the waitress didn't care. And it wasn't that good. Can you tell I didn't really care for this place (note my frequent use of all-caps)? And yet it will continue on, because college students will continue to buy their beer and flaccid fries as long as ASU is there.Ah well. We can't all have as refined taste as I.OK, as long as I'm in pretentious snob mode, I'd like to point out that one of the reviews of this establishment excuses the small oyster portions because "we're in a dessert." Um...stripper jumping out of a cake? Or do you really not know how to spell DESERT?Yowza. I'm usually nicer.
4	Good prices and plenty of drinks on tap. Yet to try the food, but I hear good things.  The patio outside is spacious and I have always found the crowd to be good.  Nice relaxed place with a diverse crowd.
3	If I was still on the college boat I imagine this would be an "Everybody Knows Your Name" place to wind down the days. I was in the area and wanted to find a new place to eat at.  This was Yelped about highly so I gave it a shot.  Average college hang out, little effort on amenities and full attention to stocked taps and bar specials.  I was expecting a generous variety of Oyster dishes to choose from.  Not many on the menu but the basics so I went with some grilled salmon.  It was topped with crab and I got the sauce on the side.  Crab wasn't so good and I pushed it to the side.  The salmon on the other hand was just the way I like it. Bottom Line -  I did go during happy hour (not purposely) and no one was really eating (except my face) but everyone was drinking and having a good time.  Go there for the booze is my best advice and keep the food in mind as an after thought.  It wasn't bad by all means but it wasn't something I would go out of my way to eat again.Avg dinner price was $20 per person with no drinks.
4	He had the halibut dinner ($17)special that came with veggies and rice and I had a burger with swiss cheese and fries($10).  VERY good food.  Service however was slow.  The menu is full of seafood.  There was nothing seemingly Irish about the place and nothing on the menu but beer was Irish.  There meals seemed to be well thought out and detailed for a pub. But hey that's a bonus for us, right?  I am not sure I would go there while school is in session.
4	The outdoor patio is what makes this bar great.  If you can find a spot on the patio, which can be hard because it gets busy, you are set.  I love the vibes of this bar.  It has a very laid back environment and it is not intimidating or lame at all. I have only experienced the food once and it was simple bar food but it was much better then the average bar.
5	I don't know what Tempe would be without it.There is always some fun people watching to be had and there is always a good chance you'll run into friends there - or if not,  the chance of you meeting someone new is also just as good.
4	A great change of pace when you need a break from Mill Ave. Fresh beer, great food, and great service. A lot more tables and space than it seems from the outside. The indoor bar is great but can get cramped when the bar is packed, but the outdoor bar and the surrounding tables are a great alternative.Of course Fridays and Saturdays are packed, although still a great time, but if you want to get a few beers and relax, go early in the week (great parking during the week too). When it's happy hour, the food is absurdly cheap and fantastic. I find Casey Moore's to be a good place to go before a night on Mill. It's only a few minutes from the corner of University & Mill on Ash in what used to be a house. Great atmosphere and a true bar experience.
5	I would have to say this place is my favorite bar in all of the Phoenix area. The Tempe land mark which is situated in a cool old neighborhood, offers everything from Oysters to their famous strong pours. Be careful though, I recommend taking a cab or the light rail to this destination (no joke). Ask for Jimmy and you will see what I mean.
5	I have been patronizing Casey Moores for 10 years and have never had a bad night!  Great for people watching and the service is always great!  Get there early or it will be standing room only!
2	casey moore's is great for their happy hour - a few bucks off appetizers and all beer is 3 bucks. they have lots of beers on tap including my favorite, newcastle. i usually come here to grub after i get out of class.the appetizers are great - fried zucchini, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, buffalo wings - all very tasty and delicious. their sandwiches are pretty good as well. at my last dining experience i ordered the fish and chips, which were rubbery and basically inedible. the waitress had them remade and they were alright. the problem with casey moore's is the service. you seat yourself and then you wait 10-15 minutes for a waitress to approach you. last time i was there our server was gone half the time and it took about 25 minutes to even get our orders in. i think i've had ok service one time. and usually in the afternoon's its fairly slow so there is no excuse for bad service. i really don't get it. maybe it's because we always sit outside and the waitress's are running tables inside and outside, but i really doubt that caused my 25 minute food wait. it's just plain bad.
3	the good: cocktails are great. bouncers keep the place free from overly annoying drunks and fighters. parking is easy. chill atmosphere.  great gathering place with friends. go to the bar and order a drink? even when it is crazy busy you get a great pour and quick service with a smile. i always run into someone i know.the bad: table service is slow, even when the place is empty. appetizers are mediocre at best.will i be back? sure. best in town? nope.
2	Quick attentive bartenders. NoConvenient parking. NoPatrons above the age of 24. NoHot waitresses. No.Slow Waitresses. Yes.Everlasting brodeo. Yes.Dirty Bathrooms. Yes.Douchebaggery all around. Yes.Unfresh oysters. Yes. $3 kiltlifter. Yes.Asshole cops that follow you home afterwards. Yes.I decided that I pretty much hate this place. Sorry, I just do.
5	I don't know what else to add from all the other positive reviews.  This place is the shining star of Tempe bars, being a old house hidden off of Ash St.  And then they get points for being in the Jimmy Eat World song as the place to meet on a Tuesday night.  Great atmosphere with a decent beer selection, and the food is actually really good!  This is definitely my favorite bar in Tempe!
2	Pretty average establishment and one of the few places undeserving of its 4/5 Yelp rating in my opinion.The place is average in terms of size and accomodations.  It has a frustratingly small parking lot.  The service is slow and the staff is generally pretty obnoxious.  The food ranges from typical bar fare to a  couple upscale dishes.The deal breaker here is the atmosphere.  I see reviews stating that it's a "great laid-back place to go hang out".  I'm not sure what bar they were talking about, but it isn't Casey Moore's.  This is the type of place people go to be seen.  Most of the patrons on the weekends look like they fell out of an Urban Outfitters ad.  These are the type of people that spend three hours in front of the mirror perfecting their "just threw this outfit on" look.  Yes indie kids, I'm talking to you: Don't worry, they serve PBR here.  I know you'll lose your superhero powers of "listening to music no one's ever heard of" if you don't consume at least one Pabst a day. If you're determined to go, go on a weekday and avoid the hipsters.   People send friends ahead to camp out tables for entire weekend evenings, so good luck finding a place to sit.  Otherwise, just head a few blocks away to Four Peaks.
3	A very average bar. Do not be misled by the Irish-seeming name; Casey Moore's is your typical bar with a patio. Pros: near ASU and Mill Ave, and probably cheaper than most around here.Cons: very little indoor seating, and a patio which is only tenable 6 months a year.
3	Awesome for having so much bike parking, awesome for having a cool place with lots of seating and lots of room. Why do they need so much room? because this place gets so busy it induces claustrophobia.The atmosphere inside reminded me of the german restaurant Mark Rattner took Stacy to in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.all in all, I thought it was an average place that was way too busy. I mean, it was like a rock concert crowd and took insane amounts of time to get a drink. Maybe it was a bad night.
3	Casey Moore's is the bar for Tempe locals in the service industry and Indie ASU kids to frequent. I have eaten dinner here once, fish and chips, pretty dang good. I have had the calamari and shrimp cocktail also, both were good. So food is overall pretty good, the night scene is just annoying in my opinion. The place is packed with hipsters after 11 and it is impossible to get an overpriced drink. I hate it if I can't even find a place to sit outside and end up having to sit next to Debbie Downer and her emo friends. Inside seating is not even an option on weekends, forget about it. The staff has never shown me any sort of friendly or attentive service, I don't blame them with the crowds they deal with. I would only go here willingly again for lunch/dinner or if I worked in the service industry and it was a late weeknight.
4	Went to Casey's for lunch. It was nice enough to sit outside but hey, I love sitting at the bar. At night it is thick with bar flies but around noon, there are some, but you can still find seating. The bar tender, while looking very much in the way of the establishment, would be right at home at a top end hotel with his level of service. Being lunch, I can't drink (against company policy) but they have great ice tea and the bar keep, keeps it filled  while so many other places let you languish with an empty glass.My friend and I had two of the specials (which they write on a board by the side of the bar), the "Boss Hog" which is, I think, a rib eye fillet on a toasted hoagie with melted blue cheese and a balsalmic reduction. I know, sounds pretty gosh darn fancy and it is as good as it sounds. The other selection was the open faced, pan grilled, meatloaf sandwich with grilled onions and melted cheddar cheese. Frankly, a bit dry, the meatloaf needs to be more moist.The total bill was about $18 and with tip, came to about $22 so pretty good for a sit down meal with wait service and endless ice tea. I've spent many a long night on the patio drinking glass after glass of their various beer selections but sometimes just a no-alcohol lunch at the bar is a great thing as well.
2	This is another one of those Tempe/ASU spots that seems to be very popular, and yet for the life of me, I just don't get why. It is definitely a more chilled out in terms of the environment than the majority of your options directly off Mill, but it doesn't make it any less obnoxious or overcrowded. It's just a different type of obnoxious. You won't see any shiny shirts, designer jeans, or orange spray-tanned Jersey shore trash here, instead you'll encounter an entirely different species of douche at this establishment. THE HIPSTER DOUCHE. These guys with their American Apparel deep v-neck shirts, ironic mustaches, and overly tight girl-jeans are an equally repugnant group in their own right, I truly detest them and the fixed-gear bikes they rode in on. Throw in a few random haggard chicks and white guys with dreads to represent for the "this fad isn't over yet" pseudo hippies, and a couple sleeve-tattoo wielding bros and that sums up the demographic that is pretty consistent at this place. Honestly, hanging out with these people is not my idea of a good time, and therefore neither is wasting my money on drinks at Casey's. I've never tried the food, so I can't comment on that, but the drinks I had were weak. Parking is a bitch, and the cops do tend to stake out the lot towards the end of the night in hopes of generating more revenue for the city of Tempe. I only gave it a second star because the idea of this place being suppossedly haunted intrigues me.
2	People used to rave about this place - I never got it...and I find it interesting that several other folks said the SAME thing in their reviews.  The parking lot would be full if you didn't get here before 7 PM, the service was always terrible and the crowd was overwhelmingly hipster morons.  Yeah, sure - that's better than the popped collar frat boy meat heads on Mill Ave but not who I want to spend my time with.This place is for folks with too much to prove.I'm pretty sure I only went once - maybe twice...I won't be back.
4	I know, a ton of reviews of this place but i find it interesting that people either seem to love it or really just don't get it. It sort of reminds me of when pulp fiction came out and you either thought it was a masterpiece (I did) or just didn't get it. So maybe Casey Moore's is the dining equivalent of pulp fiction. It certainly has that sort of gritty feel to it. However, after my last lunch review I have found myself going back for lunch several times and even for a nosh on an early Sunday evening and...it is all good. On Sunday my friend ordered the curry chicken soup and it was like...wow, everything you would expect out of a curry soup and perfect with a nice salad. At lunch the service continues to be good and the food not only reasonable but it continues to taste great.Now, I do understand that it has a bit of a different ambiance when it is busier but that that has a certain charm as well though when I really want to enjoy a good beer I find myself wondering over to Taste of Tops to experience one of their ever changing micro-brews. However, for a nice lunch in a dark bar, or hanging out at a happy hour at the end of a week with some friends, it is great for that as well.As for the four stars..I will admit, service can be a bit slow but people...learn to catch the eye of your server! Consider it a wonderful opportunity for some training in dining assertiveness and then just enjoy the vibe.
1	I don't smoke cigarettes. Most people do. You can smoke outside. This place barely has an interior. And that is about it.I guess the food is ok, but the drinks are outrageously priced and all the tap beer taste awful.I only go there when i have to.There is nothing charming about pissing on a fake rock outside, and there is even less charm applied to the fact that it is RIGHT NEXT to the bar. Gross as hell.More often than not, i go home instead of hit "last call" with any of my friends when they go here unless i am already wasted, thus allowing for bad decisions.
1	I don't get this place.  I went the other night just for some appetizers and drinks, and though the food was decent (fried zucchini and mushrooms), the parking lot, service, music, and crowd sucked.Parking is a bitch if you're gonna try parking in the lot.  I'd just skip it and try to find some parking on the side streets.  Before my group of friends got there, two other guys in our group were at a table, and apparently, the moody waitress (brunette with her hair in a ponytail) kept trying to get them to leave.  Maybe she thought more people weren't going to show, but still...wait a few minutes, you know?  Then, when the rest of the group got there, we asked for menus, and she comes and literally threw them on the table without saying anything to us.  When she returned to the table, she only took drink orders and didn't ask us about food.  Before we could even say anything, she had left.  When she returned with drinks, I asked if there was a drink menu I could look at since I hadn't made up my mind about what I wanted yet, and without even looking at me, she just shook her head and started rattling off ALL the drinks in the bar in one breath, which wasn't really what I was asking for.  And once again, what about the freakin' food?!  Only when she returned a third time did she finally ask us about food.  Then, later on in the evening, she started to clear off the centerpieces even before we were done because, apparently, somebody wanted to get a head start on cleaning up so she could go home early.  Well, Moody Waitress DID end up leaving, but without telling us, so when a different waiter came to finish up our table, we were all a bit confused.  Meanwhile, my friends and I couldn't help but discuss the horrible music that was playing.  And the crowd there was...interesting.  I'm not sure how to describe them.  Go and see for yourself.  Or better yet...don't.  There are better places to go in the area.  Don't waste your time here.
5	I love this place it is very chill and great place to be on a warm summer night. Parking is kind of a pain but there are other places you can park and walk over, if you cant find any in there lot. The waitress's are a little slow but it is busy so I can understand, just order your drinks before you run out.
4	Yeah, I know it doesn't need another review... but it's seriously only one of two bars I've found since I moved here that I'll drive for.  I live in Gilbert, which doesn't leave me lots of bar options, because I'm not going to Applebee's or, like, the Tilted Kilt (ever again) to drink the night away. I don't totally know how to award my stars here... I want to give it three because honestly, it's totally average, and marginally overpriced... but I'll give it four because it doesn't make me wish I had stayed home with a bottle of vodka instead like most places I've been in town.It's not that Casey's is like a beacon of bar sainthood or anything, but it has a very large patio, and that's a good thing for a bar. I'm a smoker, loud and proud, and I when I am at a bar, I want to be able to smoke and drink in the same place without having to be sequestered off like some kind of leper. The food's pretty good, the music is always substantially better than anywhere else I go, and I'd rather look at hipsters than Scottsdale folk.  Yes, people, there are lots of hipsters here.  If that's not what you're into in a bar, you're probably not going to be into the scene here. I've never had outstandingly friendly service here, but it's never been horrible, either.  It does get really crazy on weekend evenings, and I usually have the best experiences during happy hours and weekend afternoons. I've met some decent people here and had alright conversation, and also had the opposite experience.  I guess you can say that about most bars. I have to drive and park, and I've never had the horror-show debacle in the parking lot that other yelpers describe. I always seem to find a spot, even on the weekend nights. Warning: the bathroom is crammed waaaay in the back of the restaurant.  It's a haul, when you're sauced and the place is packed.  Then you have to battle through the restaurant to the bathroom and without fail wait in line because there are two stalls.  Considering the amount of business this place does, it's not big enough. Honestly, it's my biggest complaint.
4	My first experience with Casey Moore's was a team lunch this afternoon - a team of about 20 people. The restaurant was large enough to accomodate everyone and the staff was very helpful in assembling tables and chairs. Ther service was prompt and the food surprisingly quick given our size. I thought of trying the oyster po-boy that was a lunch special, but in the end I went with one of my favorites - fish and chips. I have had countless fish and chips and restaurants and bars throughout the US and UK. This was right up there near the top of the list. The breading wasn't heavy; the fish light and flakey. I found the cole slaw with the green and red cabbage and carrots was exceptionally good. It was not saucy or too rich. The flavor of the vegetables stood out with just enough sauce to provide flavor. Yum! The portion was so big that I barely touched the fries. You will most likely come away with a doggie bag from this place.I would definitely go back - maybe try some oysters or try out the bar.
4	we love raw oysters. and we've never been here. now that we are working, we have the money but not the time. so we both left work early to get in on some casey moore happy hour. this place is so charming and cool. no wonder the patio is so popular...it's super cozy...not trendy and cold like so many other patios. the happy hour menu pleased us as we ordered 3 dozen raw oysters and a fried clam app (33 bucks) which is a steal in a landlocked state. the drinks put us over the top though. i have no idea how much drafts were because there were no prices on the menu, but our drinks came to 35 bucks (3 beers and 4 glasses of wine).very cool place and their dinner menu offered more options. sad we haven't been here before.
4	yo, bro, let's compare forearm tats and drink some New Castle. P.S. everyone saw you bif it on your fixie as you rolled up to the bike racks.for real, most predictable crowd ever!!!!I can talk mad shit on this place all night long, but when it comes down to it, I love it. The location lends to its patrons- alternative college students living in the only historic (PHX like) neighborhood in Tempe. Plus it is right next to HTC, so everyone is sure to be rocking the flyest of  -50 gauges. puke.but.......the charm of casey's is in the cats. they are cool and roam around. Also, the best patio ever, and lots of room. Don't go inside unless you can't get a drink b/ your waitress forgot about you (which is most likely what happened). Or if you like old dudes 65+ eyefucking the shit outta you be my guest. Also, one night after I was there, the next morning someone had charged $2000+ on my credit card for an ad in New Times. shady......or recession? I think I know how this happened, they leave your card within an arms reach from the bar inside, face-up so any creeper with 20/20 can get a peek and thief you out of your identity and money, or maybe it was an inside job???but I really like this place and still have "casey's nights" even though jimmy eat world sucks and I live in phoenix. oh yeah, this place is haunted too....and if you are a girl do not go pee in the grotto.gross.
4	Yes, I will agree with some of the other posters in that Casey's has a definite crowd and can be a little pretentious at times but over all it's a fun place to be. Enjoy the scene if you're into it and if not enjoy the people watching. Maybe if we all just smiled a little bit, those hipsters wouldn't be so emo...haha, just kiddin. I've gone in to Casey's and attempted to meet new people; been looked at like a crazy and also have met some cool ones as well. It's location is close to many things in Tempe, which makes it a favorite spot for bike riders. Ride your favorite two-wheeled friend down there and strike up a convo with other enthusiasts, because a bike friendly world is a happy world. I've never really had any problems with the staff, minus pouring me too stiff of drinks(their Irish coffee especially). It does tend to get extremely crowded nights on the weekends which can lead to slower service but that's what good company is for. Head inside to the bar, grab your first round, find a seat out on their wonderful patio and wait for your waiter for the next round. simple. I don't really dig their food too much. I feel they dress it up saying it's an "oyster house" but really its just bar food. I tend to eat at home or somewhere else and just have this as a drinking joint. Otherwise I feel greasy and gross afterwards. I will say their portions are good enough to share.
4	I almost died at Casey Moore's!  Okay, that might be a bit of an overstatement.  I'm sitting in a booth and enjoying my first visit to Casey's when a drunk guy decided to lean against one of those outdoor gas heaters and almost knocked it over on me.  I think I yelled "oh my God" in horror as it tipped over in my direction, but thankfully it was more like one of those Weebles preschool toys.  You know, Weebles wobble but they don't fall down.  Then he actually tried to lean against it again!  After a few awkward moments, he finally realized what a horrible idea that was and moved on.  It reminds me of the time I saw a waiter try to put some candles out at the end of the night.  He kept using his fingers to extinguish the flame and kept getting burned, over and over again until he realized that he could just blow it out.  Why are some people so stupid? I loved the idea of Casey's.  The patio is awesome.  The food is basic.  I ordered the seafood sandwich and the waitress said they used imitation crab meat.  Not a big deal for me but I know a lot of people hate it.  Something I didn't know is that the process of making imitation crab was developed in Japan over 800 years ago... or so I read.  What the hell, did I just make this review useful?! Anyway, great place to grab drinks.  Just avoid jerks who use gas heaters to steady themselves.
4	I love how I can bike here (plenty of bike racks!) and enjoy the patio outside (gorgeous days) or the crazy-dark inside (need alone time)! Drinks are good and service is excellent, especially if you are ordering food. Of course the oysters are fantastic. Fresh quality, average-to-better sized and quite inexpensive for what you're getting. We also had an order of the fried mushrooms (skip 'em - too much breading) and we enjoyed the hot wings so much we ordered a second round of those. Man, the hot wing sauce is good... and the wings are of good quality. I didn't find a fatty one in the bunch. I can't wait until it gets warmer outside, because that's where you'll find me - full and hammered!
4	Live near campus? Don't have a back yard? Like to drink? Than Casey Moores might be right for you. The patio is the main attraction for me. It is like the back yard that I want but am too lazy and cheap to have. A fire tables, pic nick tables, coy pod with waterfall, outdoor bar and the most unique men's bathroom anyway, more on that later. As the name would imply there is a Irish theme, and they do have oysters in addition to other standard bar food fare. The food is nothing to brag about. There is a decent parking lot however this place is popular and you may need to find a spot on a near by block. note go 1 block south to avoid being ticked as the restrictions change. The outdoor men's bathroom known as the "blarney stone" is great. There is a motion activated waterfall, just unzip your full and donate your beer back to the bar in the most zen fashion available.
4	Been there only once and this place was filled with people but not too packed! Its very popular and just your regular Irish pub style with a big patio type of hangout! For a normal hangout with friends in a well known place I'd go there again!
4	Good beer, decent food- but thats not why you go, close to campus, and a great way to end the day. Definitely enjoyed a happy hour or two especially after a long day or week of school.  Its really nice to sit outside and just hang out or people watch. Casey's certainly can attract an interesting bunch. All in all a solid place to drink and hang out.
4	If you are looking for a great place to go in Tempe to sit, relax and have a great time with friends or make new ones at the bar you have arrived.Casey's is the local pub of Tempe and has held that crown for decades.  It is where you find an eclectic crowd who are all just there to enjoy themselves.  It is where 60 something's mingle with 20 something's who have become grown up drinkers and have tired of the Mill Ave seen.The old "craftsman style" house converted into a restaurant and bar are inviting, and the bartenders do remember your name. Not to be out outdone; the enormous patio is perfect for spending your afternoon day drinking and enjoying oysters on the half shell.This would also be my choice for where to start and sometimes end your St. Patrick's Day celebration! Get there early and claim your spot because this place gets crowded early.So if you are looking for a really chill place to just hang out and be merry with your friends Casey Moore's is hard to beat.A couple final notes: Yes you can pee on the Blarney Stone and Yes Casey Moore's is haunted.Enjoy!
5	A couple coworkers took me here for a HH for the first time. Immediately, I was impressed with the patio. I'm not sure why the patio hasn't become one of the area's favorites -- it is awesome!Once I walked into the place, I was even more impressed. Not fancy, but classy. The customers truly ran the spectrum -- students, businessmen, blue-collar, and more. Everyone was there, felt welcome, and were having a good and relaxed time.The beer selection is good, and the drinks are not watered down. The food is really tasty, and the prices are not too bad.And the atmosphere rocks!This place could (and probably will) seriously become my hang-out!
5	ahhh  Casey Moore'sWords barely can encapsulate the time spent in and my feelings I have for this Irish bar.If you are from Tempe and have tattoos you perhaps can identify with the culture of Casey Moore's. Weekend patio excursions are a treat in the Maple-Ash district just spitting distance to Mill Avenue.There is never really a bad time to come to this bar and I have certainly been there enough to know.Casey Moore's oysters and cheap and good. As frequently as I eat oysters I would fully endorse this bars shellfishThe clam chowder is king for a snack.You can get escargot here that is decent and there is not much on the menu that I would not recommend.Lunch is the perfect weekend after noon in the summer with misters and giant fansThere have been times where I looked for houses with the sole purpose of being "In the neighborhood"More of a lifestyle choice than a restaurant..We have laughed,.. we have cried,.. we have sometimes gotten kicked out of it.We have always come back. Casey Moore's is certainly a place that needs to be visited while in Tempe.
4	Tasty standard bar food.Great bar service.Sweet servers (90% of the time).Huge awesome patio.The cherry on top is that it is NOT on mill ave!Best spot to be at on a beautiful spring afternoon in Arizona.What else could you possibly need?
4	My 1st time here. We popped in for lunch and some sun on the patio. I can see why the place is so popular, they have a really chill relaxed vibe here - that is IF you can get a parking space. The food was decent for pub grub, but nothing too remarkable. I imagine it's best in the evening with drinks and some pals.I'll be back for happy hour soon.
5	Drinks are reasonably priced, had an amazing time there with my friends.  Now here is the thing, i have a few friends that went before and had some what a bad experience, but they are more use to the scottsdale scene, so i guess that was the issue there.  Personally, i love the crowd there and its a great place to get shitty!
5	Casey Moore's is authentic. Perhaps that is why it is so difficult for some people to appreciate it. It makes no apologies for what it is - a great, neighborhood Irish pub, next door to a college. The outside picnic tables fill with that great city mix of academics, bohemians and the 20-something black glasses crowd. Inside, crowded around the small Boston-like bar, locals fill the bar stools reminiscing about days gone by and the neighborhood gossip. The conversations alone are worth a visit.
4	Casey Moore's is a cool spot to go during the winter because of the outdoor seating and the heaters outside. The inside is a bit grimy, but if that's your scene, go for it.  It was really relaxed and when I went there, it was pretty calm. (I went on weeknights; based on other reviews, I don't think I'm brave enough to face this bar on the weekends.) It's a good spot to sit and chat to get to know someone.
5	Holy hell this place has stolen my soul many a time. Something about the irresistible $3.50 specials and four peaks hefe on draft just instantly ruins the subsequent morning. I love the patio, very cool surroundings-aside from the occasional meat-head hitting on me or the girls wearing short shorts just to show off their new super cool thigh tattoos. I've never had a problem finding a table...maybe I get there too early (good sign or bad sign?) and have always had fantastic experiences with the servers. The servers always seem very down-to-earth and amused at our antics so that's a plus. When one drunk guy made a shitfit and threw a plate at my friend's skull, the server was awesome enough to join in on yelling at him. Note: Do not throw fire in each others mouths, the owner does not like that. Who would have known?
4	For a late-night bar, I'd give it 5-stars, for a lunch stop on a weekday, I'd give it 4-stars. So all in all an average of (wait for it wait for it) 4.5 stars. (I think, I mean I did graduate from ASU)I wasn't going to review this place until I finally made it here for lunch one day. It's pretty far from my downtown Phoenix office for a lunch stop, but I stopped here on the way to Living Canvas tattoos around the corner. I had NEVER seen this place in the light of day, and I was impressed. It was far different than the hipster/ASU kid hang out that it becomes after 9pm. It was an awesomely sunny day so we ate out in the patio. Although it's weird sitting on the same patio furniture that I've sat many a nights with many a cocktails, it's such a different vibe during the day. The wait staff seemed really overwhelmed, and we had slower than normal service (so my girlfriend said). But the salad was 5-star worthy, which was totally unexpected from this place. I didn't check up on the #glutenfree-ness of the place (I'm assuming the fryers are used for fries, breaded chicken, etc. like most bar-food-esque places), so I ordered the shrimp salad, and the shrimp was unreal awesome. I'm sort of a shrimp fanatic, so I'm always impressed when seafood tastes like this isn't a landlocked state. The salad was huge and totally filling, and not expensive for a lunch stop. I wish I worked closer to Tempe so I could become a regular lunch enthusiast here. And for the bar? Well you can read any other 5-star review on here...it's amazing. It's such a brilliant mix of people, with no drama BS you see at other places to drink near Mill. The drinks are reasonably priced and the wait staff is totally awesome. This is one of the few bars I actually enjoy going to, and don't mind feeling like I fit in. The bartenders also don't look at you like an idiot if you order an iced tea at 1 in the morning - sometimes you can get the wonky eye from bar staff at other places. I went at Casey Moore's for my birthday, so I feel like that pretty much gives my final stamp of approval.
4	Hmmm Casey Moore's, I love your haunted-ness.  I appreciate your bartenders doing handstands on the bar, I appreciate that you are a house in a neighborhood.  I appreciate that the locals rule.  Cheap-Decent food and excellent beer at your finger tips.  Thank you baby jesus!
5	My favorite restaurant/bar in Arizona.  This is the place to come to when you are visiting Tempe/Phoenix.  Great food/drink, great ambiance, it will stay with you for a long time.  Come at lunch for a relaxed atmosphere, or come for dinner in the elegant dining room.  Its quaint, has a lot going on, great draw for locals, foreigners, and its haunted! When you are in the Phoenix area, sit here for a spell, you will be glad you did!
5	I love this place.I have been going there for years but less and less as each year passes because I am farther away.First off, this patio is awesome.  It is huge.  There is plenty of seating to handle massive crowds.  If you are a smoker, this place is paradise.  They have giant swamp coolers set up to cool the outside air on the scorchers.  The outside bar is my favorite spot, but often taken up.  The food is pubalicious.  The menu is extensive with pubby seafood items to simple sandwiches.  I go here for the Oysters.  Nothing better than Guiness and Oysters and this place does it right.  The Oysters Rockefeller is a special treat the make and they take 35 mins!  Worth it!I had the Fish and Chips the other day and that was a friggin tasty surprise.  Then you have the people.  If you like a variety of color on your palette, definitely come here.   No one looks the same, in my opinion.  It is definitely a more "young" college type crowd.  Hipsters, road bikers...  people have fun.  I don't find it pretentious at all but I also feel like I fit right in.  NEVER let a crowd scar you.So, Cheers Casey's, your still holding up what I've always loved best about you!
4	Reading through the massive number of reviews that Casey's gets, lots of people have a great time here and some people have unfortunately had a terrible time and depending on which night you go, each scenario is a possibility.  Most often, when coming here, I've had a pretty good time, even when it so crowded you can't sit down and your elbows are literally touching like the back of a stranger.I like to come in the afternoon or on an off-night like Wednesday night (it is Wednesday, so I may partake).  Their selection of beers isn't staggering or anything, but the food there is actually pretty damn decent and they have a fair number of appetizers to choose from that aren't too heavy.Like I said, sometimes I've been here on days where it's totally bullshit.  I remember I came here once with my girlfriend at the time and we literally didn't get served for about thirty minutes.  I would've bailed but it was her first time there so I was like, "We're gonna do this shit."  The same waitress who took her sweet-ass time spent maybe like three seconds talking to and then on her way to get our beers, she stopped at a table with these dudes with British accents and giggled and slapped her knee and sat there for like maybe five minutes.  I was like, "Oh, great... our waitress is a whore for accents and two dudes with British accents are here.  We're fucked."  Yes, I admit, the English are quite charming, quite, but sonofabitch, man. For like the longest time, that waitress would always be there when I was there and no matter where I sat, it was her section.  And there she was, takin' forever and lookin' mad at me.  Haven't seen her there in forever so I've lucked out.You know, it's easy to complain, but most often I've had a really good time.  I love the atmosphere outside, the misters in the summer and sipping on a hot coffee in the winter.  All year round, it's fucking awesome to be there.  I love sitting by the koi pond, sipping on a beer and watching the fish go by.It's a relaxing place when it wants to be and a fuckin' madhouse when the time arises.  It's one of the best landmarks we have in Tempe.
3	I can't commit myself as a huge fan of Casey Moore's just yet. While the staff there has been great when I've been, the only time I've had food there it was just OK. I've been there a few more times for drinks and they have good prices and the environment is one of a kind. I guess I'll have to stop by again soon.
5	First, I did not eat here.  This has nothing to do with the food.I was in the area and had heard about this place.  Younger crowd (yes, it's close to ASU) but good music, good atmosphere.Strong pours from the staff.  I mean strong.  I mean five stars strong, on any type of liquor, any bottle.  If you hang out in Scottsdale and need a reprieve from that scene (and that L.A./Vegas price point for drinks), this is a place that should be on your short list.  You will think you died and went to heaven when you get the tab!
3	Had lunch there on 7-30-2010, my second visit ever.The firstest time I ate here, I had a hankerin' fer some Fried-Up Oysters.  So Sorry Charlie !!!It's an "Oyster House" but you cannot find Fried Oysters on the menu .  You can get Fried Shrimp, Fried Cod, Fried Clam Strips, Fried Chicken Fingers, Fried Calamari Rings, Fried Scallops, Fried Potatoes, but not Fried OYSTERS.  OYSTER HOUSE.  WTF ?????Anyway, I think that is a cardinal sin, not offering FRIED oysters when they offer fried everything dang else.  So they lose at least 1.5 stars from me for that oh-so-obvious and ridiculous shortcoming.I had the New York Strip sandwich, with the steak cooked medium rare (it arrived properly cooked) and added the "blackened" option.  It was REALLY REALLY good.  It's in the Top 3 steak sandwiches I have ever had at a restaurant.  And I'm 46 years old, so I've had a lot of steak sammiches.My buddy had the Fish-N-Chips and liked it pretty well.Sorry to bring down the average Star level, but I just think not offering fried OYSTERS at an OYSTER HOUSE is just totally off the mark.
5	As the 164th reviewer i feel pressured to be original and spin a yarn that will be deserving of such a hallowed and mythic bar. I cannot, however, as 163 people have robbed me of any original praises i might be able to sing of my beloved neighborhood standby. So im shaking off the cloak of endeavour, and loosening the albatross round my neck which squacks and screeches "be original! be daring! be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid!" and just gonna let the keystrokes fall where they may:Casey Moore's is the quintessential Tempe bar. It is a classy place, full of friends and neighbors that is home to so many. Thomas the bar cat could tell you as much, with her soulful and charming ways, but as she cannot speak i will do so for her.Casey's is home. It's a bar whose luxuries are enjoyed by young and old, hip and unhip, students, teachers, bar fly and newb, any and all. It's a place whose epitaph would read "May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live." I firmly believe that Casey's is an establishment that strives to fulfill this for all of their patrons. They have never done me wrong and many a time have even come to my aid; whether it was a wretched drunk being 86'd after her provocations landed her into a fight with my girlfriend, or whether it was a beer spilled and dutifully replaced free of charge, whether it was a table shared with strangers, or the community of drunks & pleasure seekers still clinging onto the nights squandered dreams after last call. I feel at home at caseys: it's a place to rendevouz with old friends and a place to make new ones, It's a  lunch spot w/ my book in tow where pints are readily at hand, it's my start for the weekends pub crawl. Casey Moore's i will always associate you and Tempe, even long after i am gone and moved on i will think back and smile at all the memories you have given me.thanks.
4	Visited a dozen times or so last 4 years..Near Mill Ave but hiddenIt's like a large outdoor, smaller indoor hippy neighborhood dive barGreat, great food!Very fresh oysters on half shelfLarge delis shrimp cocktailsIndoor dining has full menu.We had the steaks $25 each on 2 visits and thought mediocure.But the $10 New York Steak Sandwich is very delicious and great value.I got my blacked and loved it!Service are usually excellent indoor.Outdoor is hit or miss depends on server.Got the grumpy, not so friendly Irish girl few times.There with 8 coworkers, she refused to track our tabs separately.I understand it gets hectic and hard to track large parties,but say it with a smile, not like we were a bother.Just wanted get that off my chest.. ha.This is where I was introduced to my fav red wine Menage a Trois..Tried the Promiscuous Red last week, not as good.
5	Been eating here for years and I try something new every chance I get. I love the food and every dish shines in its own way.Go there, meet some friends or take a date, try anything. You'll be back!The drinks are cold and strong & the atmosphere is great. A rare combo in this town.Also a great place to celebrate St. Patties Day, green beer & all.Reverse happy hour 11-1Free & fast Wi-Fi
4	If you are looking to socialize or bring a group for people out that haven't experienced Tempe this is the place to be. The drinks selection is good, the food is a little better than regular bar food. The real highlights of Caseys is the Atmosphere and the staff. Located in the downtown college neighborhood the place is always bussling with people smiles and conversations. The door guys can be a little rough around the edges so don't try to get in the door if you had anything to drink prior to your visit. Also check out the upstairs if yo can sneak by the wait staff its a haunted room!
4	Outdoor eating, drinking, football watching  and great food. Nice ambiance and eclectic crowd with good Food. Had the spicy shrimp boat, Rockefeller oysters, fish and chips and hippie sandwich with ham. All Were great but the Sandwich was just "ok". All in all a good time. I'd come back next time I'm in Az.
5	I wouldn't change anything about Casey's -- I love it all: the open air, the door guys, the servers, even the bartender who takes out his love for Michael Jackson on patrons every Sunday night.  (Also, there's a special place in my heart reserved for any bar that serves potato skins with ranch after 12 AM.)  I have a serious soft spot for everything about this place.
5	I'd never really think to review Casey's if I wasn't leaving but I feel like I need to leave them a love note.Casey Moore's has been my go-to late night spot for a long time now. The best part about Casey's is the variety of the crowd. I feel like everytime I go there to see one group of friends I end up running into several others that I know.I'll definitely miss hanging out with everyone here on a Friday or Saturday (or Thursday or Wednesday or any) night. The service isn't always fantastic, the food is greasy bar food, but it's home. And for that I love them.
4	I have been to Casey Moores Oyster and Seafood Restaurant in Tempe, Arizona a bunch of times and will continue to go back. We even had a holiday party there one year for work. "The House" has seating indoors and outdoors with a bar in either place. Due to the laws in Tempe that prohibit people from smoking publicly indoors, outdoor seating is really popular. If you want to come home smelling like smoke, then you'll love sitting outdoors. Everybody in the nation will light up right next to you. :-)At first I hated Casey Moores, but I have grown to love it. The atmosphere at Caseys is laid back and very chill.. after you've had a few drinks in you. Don't let the general dirtiness of the outside seating area deter you from getting completely tanked. After a while you won't even notice the smoke around you.I would recommend the fried zucchini and the hummas. Both of which are good combinations when mixed with your choice of booze. When school is in session this place gets rather packed depending on what time you go. But when it does get packed there are some really hot chicks that can be found at this establishment.
4	Caseys does pour a mean Guinness. I haven't been here since my buddy Hannah Y. left us for her new life in Seattle, but I have fond memories of our drunken nights here after a tough day at work. Yes - we had some awesome sober days here as well but I think we didn't get as drunk thanks to their delicious assortment of sandwiches and oysters.  I did get sick here once having a screwdriver possibly from an unwashed glass, but this is probably one of the most laid back bars you can find in the Tempe area so minute things like this doesn't bother me. Hopefully, we can get the gang together and enjoy our time there once again when my dear friend comes down to visit for Thanksgiving   :)
4	Casey's is great.  It is one of the few hipster, bicycle bars in Tempe.  It has a huge outdoor patio that wraps around the building with trees, heaters, and an outside bar.  So if you are looking to go out and party with friends, it is a great spot.Casey's also has a really nice upstairs for a classy dinner, and the rumor is that it's haunted.  The inside is a bit limited, but when you are in Tempe, AZ, you drink outside.  I mean, the weather is beautiful, and so are the ladies that attend this establishment.  The food is fantastic and the drinks are great, although it is a little pricey, and you can smell the pretentiousness in the air.  However, that is not the staff, that is just a bar filled with hipsters.
3	I actually like this place but I can't give it more than 3 stars.  I've been there more times than I can recall but 3 stars for claiming to be Irish.  This is the last place to go on St. Patty's day.  I was served the equivalent of a high school cafeteria's fish and chips and everything was disposable.  I understand that it's a busy day and you have to accommodate the masses.  However, a regular goes there because they like the usual and anyone new will surely not go back.
2	Cool atmosphere.  Very laid, chill environment.  Good price on beers, but thats all I can say.  The server was pretty awful, not continually checking back with us and not friendly.  There were 4 of us and 2 of us order food initially and the orders came out about 5 minutes apart.   My friend order 1/2 dozen oysters (its an oyster house) and from his experience the person that shucked those oysters obviously was not a lover of them.  There were small broken pieces of the shell around the edges, and the bottoms were absolutely filthy dirty.  For being an oyster house you would think that would be the thing they take pride in, but not that night.  Then the remaining of our group ordered food and both those orders came out at separate times (almost 10 minutes apart) and one order was just a side of fries.  It's a great drinking atmosphere and a cool place to chill, but I wouldn't go expecting great service of great food.
5	My all time favorite bar, have been going for the last 10 years.  I am no longer a multiple times a week kid, but I try to make it in at least a couple times a month.Great food, great friendly service, amazing patio...a really comfortable atmosphere all around.  Lunch is great, weeknights are chill, Friday & Saturday nights can get a little crowded, especially when school is in session but makes for good people watchin :)
5	If you're looking for a great place to grab a drink and indulge in conversation then Casey Moore's is the place for  you. There's a great vibe and the music is equally as good. There's a wide range of types of people that go to Casey Moore's, and miraculously everyone gets along. The drinks are inexpensive and the food is of the best of bar food. The patio is great for some fresh air and if you grab a seat at the bar inside you'll be able to watch all the great sports games that may be going on. It's also the best place to start your night off if you plan to do some bar hoping. Overall it's my number one choice for mingling around the Mill Ave. area.
5	Perhaps I'm over stating Casey Moore's charm, but this has to be my favorite bar in the valley.  I love the energy, I love the low key, unpretentious, anti-normalcy crowd.  I love the beautiful outdoor seating, the little pond in the corner, the hanging lights, the giant trees, the drink specials, the Guiness on draft.  I always bring out of town folks to Casey Moore's because you can order anything on the perfectly sized menu and you know it's going to be descent.  The boyfriend always orders the oysters and the price for a half dozen is solid and affordable and I don't even mind watching him slurp them down as long as I have a nice buzz from one or two Harps. I think I've ordered every appetizer and never been disappointed.  Also, even their prices when it's NOT happy hour are super cheap, 6 bucks for a dozen wings, that's totally perfect.  The service isn't extraordinary, but I don't mind waiting since I'm fond of the ambiance and enjoy people watching amongst the interesting crowd.  The chicken strips are awesome, the salads are good and never wilted or over dressed, the fish and chips are on par, the fries are always good; you can't beat anything for the price and the atmosphere.I've been here for my birthday, taken out of town friends here, brought my mom and brother here when they were in town, had a million happy hours here and just can't seem to find anything I hate about it.  Oh, I hate when it's hot and we can't sit outside. Casey Moore's is charming, cheap, serves above average bar food and essentially is an all around quality bar in the middle of Tempe.
4	Been here a handful of times and have no complaints.  It's always a fun and interesting crowd.  The bartenders are good if you're there for drinks.  I haven't had much in the way of food, but the appetizers are good.  This is a great place to come and have a beer, but I really don't think it's anything special.  The parking is difficult, but the patio puts it into the 4-star category.  I don't come here often, but have a good time every time I do!
5	Casey Moore's is definately one of my favorite places to go in Tempe. The enviroment is very laid back and the people there are awesome! The food is great as well. I would recommend the calamari rings and their clam chowder. They also have an awesome selection of drinks, including my favorite Snake Bite =)....I would recommend this bar to anyone and everyone who has not been there before. You will love it!
4	Good neighborhood bar. Great patio, laid back atmosphere. Males, don't miss the blarney stone, just don't kiss it!
4	being from seattle I was a bit hesitant to go to an oyster joint in the valley of the sun. however, i was pleasantly surpirsed - you don't find joints like this in chilly seattle. the oyster rockefellers were fresh and tasty - they even have outdoor heaters suspended over the outdoor bar......too cooool!
2	This review is for the service.First of all - the "one check per party" policy is a pain in the butt for everyone - the customers and the servers alike.I had a particular instance with a waitress today at lunch where we tried to tell her how to pay the ticket - "This $20 bill is for this item and this item" and "This green card pays for this item and this item." etc etc.It's a pain, and confusing.  But she messed it up, and that was not unexpected considering the policy they have to go by.But then when we got it back and tried to explain the problem to her, she got a little snippy.  Then got a little attitudinal.  Love the food.  But this "one check per party" policy really brings the place down, and causes the servers and customers both some grief.Not good.
5	This place is just so cool.The space is amazing - an indoor/outdoor, sprawling quarter block that includes various rooms in a converted bungalow, plus lots of outdoor decks, nooks, and crannies. The crowd is varied and chill - not a frat boy in sight for miles. Heat lamps, twinkly lights, booths, tables, and benches; something for everyone.They're often crazy busy and should have more waitstaff to keep things moving at times. Plus the menu is totally standard and unremarkable barfare served reasonably cheap. If you're interested in fast as lightning service at all times and an adventurous menu full of organic locally grown ingredients, RUN! But if you want to hang out with your friends under the stars and over a beer for hours on end in the coolest space ever, this is heaven.
4	I've frequented this little restaurant/bar for many years and am always impressed. It's nothing to look at in the inside, but the chefs here always have a great selection of fabulous salads, fresh soups and yummy sandwiches. and the service is always great.They have my favorite French onion soup in all of AZ and today I tried their carrot coriander soup that was phenomenal! Much like carrot juice it had a sweetness and not much true carrot flavor but several layers of flavors I coudn't identify. I practically licked the bowl clean.If your into shrimp they have a salad with 5 huge prawns and avocado that looks too good to be healthy!  Fresh greens, tomato and did I mention 5 huge prawns?  Very yummy looking.During our perfect weather months they have a cute patio that you can enjoy.
1	The place, parking lot and entrance were packed leading me to believe this place would not be so bad. When I walked up to get my ID checked the muscle head chastised me for still having a vertical ID. What a great way to welcome patrons! Once inside our friends had reserved seats, but only one, so Vince G. had to stand almost the entire time. Alcohol sucked, tasted like peroxide. Music sucked, a bunch of shitty trendy crap. The only thing redeeming were quality servers.
5	A true Tempe gem.  One of the few old businesses that the City of Tempe hasn't run out of town.Full of character in a people-that-drink-here-are-either-poets-and/or-criminals way.  Quality bar.Huge Patio!Old bar indoors, very divey.Indoor dining/bar = two story house.  Upstairs dining is a trip, funky wallpaper.  Place is haunted?  Who cares?  Not me.Great food, especially for dinner.Service is lack-luster, but adequate.Excellent beer and booze selection.Attitudes, tattoos and haircuts galore, but in a good way.I'd ramble on, but you can read the other reviews to hear more,  especially if you're in the mood for some wimpy nerds to complain about how they had their IDs scrutinized, or it was so packed they had to stand.Casey's is one of the best spots in town to get lunch and a beer, or just a beer, and sit on the patio when the weather is nice.  Bring some friends, have fun.
1	RUDE staff that wouldn't spit on you if you were on Fire... mixed up our party's orders, ignored us when we needed waters.  Honestly, it was the attitude of the staff that completely turned me OFF to this historic restaurant.
3	So I went here last night to get a drink with a friend. I can't comment on the food (yet) since I haven't had any, but the atmosphere was really nice. We sat out on the patio and it's really relaxed and has christmas lights as the lighting. The service was kind of non existent... we sat around for about 8 minutes waiting for one of the 3 waitresses walking around to say anything, before we just went inside to the bar and brought our drinks back out. The beer was nothing special, they don't have anything really exciting on tap, but I could see going back there for a nice relaxed night. So for now, I'd say three stars, but I need to go again and try the food or mixed drinks to give any higher.
4	Its haunted! Isn't that enough to get everyone to go check out Casey Moore's?  Who doesn't like Casper?!Such a great compromise... you are still right around Mill Ave and if you are an ASU student this is quite convenient.  However, Casey's is not part of the typical 'Mill Ave' meat-market scene.  Always is a whole slew of people from old timers, to angstful hipster, to stoic gothic, to average joe.  Drinks are reasonably price with a great late night happy hour.  Food is fantastic... the oysters really live up to the name 'Casey Moore's Oyster House'... besides they are supposed to be an aphrodisiac so bring your dates ;)  Lots of outdoor seating (picnic benches) so you can cram people at tables.  The interior is as divey as you are going to get in Tempe ... so I'll take it. Only downside is unreliable service.. its been quite hit or miss as far as the bartenders go... but the bouncers/ID checkers are undoubtedly hilarious everytime!
3	I love coming here when it isn't busy, LOVE it. Problem is, it's busy a lot. I really enjoy the outside atmosphere sitting around drinking and laughing, but when it gets crowded and loud, it turns into an annoyance.   Casey Moore's is a Tempe staple and I hope it's here forever, but bro fights and jock bouncers are unavoidable when you're so close to ASU. I like it here way more than my other half, so Caseys is not a date night place for me, you won't be impressing a lot of girls here, but the food is decent, especially the ever popular fish and chips, but this is more of place to drink and people watch. Come at a good time and you may be blown away, come at a bad time and you may turn right around.
3	I've been here more times than I can count, and its almost never my idea to go. I like this place a lot more when its on a dead night. Fridays & Saturdays there are just way too many people. I usually order whatever's on special, most of the times when I go it happens to be Kilt Lifter. Good beer. Service is not so great, never has been for me. Even dining there (inside) wasnt outstanding service. Although, the food was good. I cant remember what I even had since I rarely order food there. Try to go upstairs, I did once and no one was up there.. it was kind of creepy. Not too sure of the whole "haunted" thing, but it adds to the bar's charm.I do like this bar, a lot of my friends are regulars and mostly can be found there on any given day. I do like the type of crowd that goes to Casey's, at least on the nights I've been. The place would be a hell of a lot better if they somehow found a way to expand because I literally get claustrophobic on the busier nights. In an bar thats outdoors that just seems odd. lol. Also, the parking situation sucks.. the ratio of parking spots to bar goers is not proportionate. Overall, I'm sure I'll be back many a time, since its a cool place to just hang out with your friends at.
1	Went to this place more then 3x's never had a good experience here. But, this time takes the cake.                                       After having Dinner, a medium  experience, nothing great!  My friend gave the waitress his credit card to pay the bill. 10 min later the waitress came back and said are you paying cash for the meal. My friend said," I gave you my credit card".  She said well , i don't have it.  This went on and on for quite some time with the waitress and some man who may of been the manager. They kept telling my friend that he did not give the card to them. He ended up just paying cash and had to cancel his credit card.  Well 2 hours later guess what??? They called to say they DID find his card and he could come back and get it.  What did they do to remedy their mistake???? Gave him a card for 2 drinks next time. Believe me , there is no Next time.                              Customer service does not exist here. When you loose someones card and then try to blame them and find that you had it all along, comp the meal.  At the very least!
5	Casey's is awesome. It's the neighborhood bar of Tempe. On any given night you'll see 10 people you know here - that guy from chem lab, your gynecologist, your favorite local band, your neighbor, your best friend and your mom. Casey's is popular because they have a beautiful patio setup with lots of seating so groups can sit and talk, delicious food, reasonably priced booze and super friendly awesome staff. Personally, I prefer to go on off nights or in the early evening because Friday and Saturday nights get really packed and it's hard to find somewhere to sit.
4	Hipsters galore! This place is definitely good people watching haha! Good music, good food (they actually DO have decent oysters), different drink specials every day (even the weekends), and timely service! Everyone sits outside on the patio, because where else can you just chill drink and smoke cigs all night??
4	This is my favorite bar. I used to live within walking distance, me and my roomie at the time were there almost everyday sometimes twice in one day. They've got good food, with good variety for whatever sounds good when you've been drinking. When i haven't been drinking I like the shrimp scampi, the sauce with the garlic toast is amazing! When i've been boozing and taking shots (which is usually the story with me and Caseys) i've been known to order multiple rounds of their greasy mozzarella sticks. They are obviousy the frozen-fry kind of food but when you got a good buzz going on, nothing beats the mozoralla sticks. Drinks at Caseys aren't expensive, and they are free poured. Which is always a plus in my book for any establishment. Mixed shots are huge. Service at Caseys is always hit or miss. You either get one of the servers/bartenders who has been there forever and gives you decent/good service with attitude/personality or you get stuck being served by someone who is new (rare) or the chick with the mustache who never smiles. Either way, your service isn't going to be the best but it won't be god awful. And when it comes down to it the ambiance will help you overlook any shortcomings. The outdoor patio is amazing, actually i've only sat inside once or twice and only because it was the hottest point of the summer. They have misters for the summer and heaters for the winter. Most of the patio is shaded, and there are lots of trees surrounding the restaurant itself. You will find all sorts of people at Caseys, but mostly the tattoo covered and pierced kind. If you're looking to go to Caseys on a Friday or Saturday night here is my advice on getting a table (which my roomie and i became pro at). First, stand in the middle and scope out the tables... Who is paying their tab? Which table has empty drinks? Who is leaving soon? Pick out your target tables. Now send in your blockers, have some of your friends stand in front of other people trying to scope out tables. Now when you finally see a table leaving, sit down as fast as possible. It is not uncommon to see people sit at a table before everyone from the previous party has cleared the booth. I know it sounds ruthless, but you'll be thanking me later.
4	I love Casey's...  The food is very good.  Fried clam strips are fantastic, love the spinach berry salad and the lyonaise on a chicken sandwich is fab.Eat inside for a more formal meal.  The dining areas are secluded from the bar.  The house is very neat.  Outside is the real gem of the christmas light lit patio with large tables to fit all your friends coming and going.  Definitely a sit, chat and relax kind of place.  Best time to go is Sunday afternoon / evening or after 8pm Mon-Thurs.  Friday and Saturday nights are PACKED.You will find all walks of life inside - quite a melting pot.I give it 4 stars because nothing beats their relaxing patio on most (Non-July) evenings.I will admit that service can be spotty.  My advice is to go often enough to recognize the good servers and sit in their sections.  They do have several really great servers there.Also, the one check per party rule can ruin things at the end of a long night.  Trust me - the servers don't like the rule either.  Tip:  Bring cash and pay as you go.
5	Recently went to Casey's last Friday and had the greatest server there EVER! Margarita was AMAZING! My wife and I have been going there for years and not one server has ever been nice to us, shown any sort of care for their job or treated us like a valuable customer. We have always felt like they were doing us a favor by being there, so we normally sit at the bar and up until recently gave up on going to Casey's all together. Margarita gave us faith that there is a fun and  personable side to the serving staff there. Hire more people like her, PLEASE! We will definitely be on the lookout for her if we go there again.
4	If you're looking for a place to chill and drink that isn't a part of the mill ave scene, I would definitely recommend going to Casey Moore's. It's a bar built in an old (haunted?) house with good food, service, and drinks. It's also not over priced. I love their happy hour and would definitely recommend going to it, especially if you are hungry. You get a ton of food for cheap. There are so many different choices for seating, including the upstairs where the ghost has reportedly been seen. Anyway, if you're in need for food recommendations, I would definitely recommend the french dip for sure.
4	Cool neighborhood bar set in an old Victorian style house. Supposedly this place is haunted... go up the stairs next to the bathrooms and check it out yourself. They have a good beer selection and their wings and oysters are among the best I've had in the phoenix area. Pissing on the blarney stone makes for good fun as well. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the emo crowd can get annoying at times and service can be a bit spotty. I recommend this place to anyone looking to have a beer and some food in a laid back atmosphere.
2	If you want to be surrounded by young kids getting their kicks... be my guest... used to be a cool place and is no longer... I give it 2 stars because the bartenders are fast but have no personality whatsoever and and there is no ambiance at all to this place anymore... Plus the fact that they violate Arizona smoking law by allowing people to smoke within 20 feet of the entrances, INFACT lastnight there was someone smoking INSIDE the side door!!  ALL I CAN SAY IS... DISSAPPOIONTED... NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	It's a good spot because of the atmosphere and the kitchen that stays open late.  It's always packed but there's enough spacing between the tables where you aren't crammed up against someone/another party.  I don't get to pee standing up but I head the men's bathroom outside is pretty cool as well (running water, anyone?)  Recommend the shrimp salad, oysters on the half, and buffalo wings.
4	I just love Casey Moore's. Tucked a few feet away from the chaos of Mill Ave, it's a perfect place for delicious food and solid drinks. Almost always crowded, the old historic home is full of character and is perfect for people watching. The place is mainly patio, with a small amount of indoor seating as well. The staff is friendly and the location is perfect if you're looking for something different. Don't miss the chance to head upstairs and check out why Casey's is rumored to be haunted. I've heard about 100 varying versions of the story, but it's the small quirks like this that really make Casey's a local standout.
4	I've lived in Tempe for a long time, and always wanted to try Casey Moore's, but never seemed to get there. Finally a group of friends said they were meeting there, so I figured this was a good time to check it out. Granted, we were there on a weekday, just after 3 P.M., so the place was not packed (a lot of the reviews I read seem to complain about the place being packed). Overall, a great experience. Love the atmosphere, and the food was great, too.
5	Yes!  I love neighborhood bars!A very "you're like family when you come here" kind of place.  I'm here at least once a week.Between the cheap drinks, great food, christmas lights strung all around the whole outside patio area, the nice and extremely generous bartenders, the very friendly Casey Moore's cats who just walk around and people watch, or just the awesome memories I've had there...this place has all of the ingredients for a good time!
3	I hate to say it since this is known as a popular local spot, but I guess the idea of hipsters, punks, and scruffy dudes is cool for you then it's cool 4 U.  It's just not my cup of tea.  I can dig the outside X-mas lights and misters firing away cooling the patrons while downing a glass of beer.  Regardless, I think that's the best part of CM's -- the crowd and it's energy!  However, I sat inside away from the crowd to enjoy my meal.  To proclaim the Fish & Chips "best in town", you best be right and knocking my taste buds out.  (Then who can complain -- it' fish and chips -- it is what it is....)  It was okay at best and I was hungry!  Service was okay, but it didn't start out that way.  Couldn't find the hostess, either that or she was having drinks with the crowd haha! (place was packed!) - Enjoy!
5	Casey Moore's is easily the best bar in Phoenix, and one my favorites in the country...very diverse crowd...even though it is hipster central...
2	Been here a couple times over the last few years.  The ambience is nice. Historic haunted house a few steps away from Mill.  I've only been here on weekends, and it's especially hard to get seats when ASU is in session.  Parking also can be difficult.  The food has always been OK.  They do have non-seafood items for people like me.  Service can be spotty.  My last visit, however, really changed my perspective on this place.  I would have rated this place 3 stars, but they failed in a couple of key areas.  It took over one and a half HOURS for us to get our entrees.  We did get appetizers and soup/salad for those who ordered them, but the gap between those and the entrees was noticeably long.  I understood that since we were a somewhat large party that it may take longer but still, that long?  I was starting to wonder if they just wanted us to keep the alcohol flowing and that we wouldn't notice how long the actual food took.  When I finally got my turkey croissant sandwich, there was very little turkey, as in 2 thin slices, and I couldn't detect the avocado, lettuce, or tomato.  I could definitely taste the bacon, though, since there seemed to be more bacon than anything else.  The balance of the whole sandwich was lost.  Everyone else was happy with their food.  At least the servers acknowledged at the end that it took a while and comped a few items.  Since it was a large party, they included the 18% tip in the bill despite the somewhat crappy service.  Since people were more interested in the movie afterwards, I wasn't going to contest that.  I'll reluctantly come here again which is why I rate it two stars.  Luckily, this isn't a place near the top of my friends' go-to list.  And I will try to talk people out of this place if it comes up.
2	Hipster central. An old Victorian home converted into a cool laid back bar. Drinks were decent, just typical normal bar drinks. Parking is rough and it's a packed house especially on a Saturday night. It has the capability to accommodate a larger group but you might have to wait around a while.  Server forgot the order and took over an hour to get a club sandwich-nothing special. If you don't mind the chain smokers and the hardly working misters and go with a group this place can be a winner for you. I'd rather hang at more low key places & not at a college hangout spot.
4	Where do I begin? I love Casey Moore's!What a great ambiance! The outside patio is where it's at, with tons of seating and misters. Lots of beautiful decorations to stare at while you're waiting for friends to arrive, and the staff as well as fellow patrons are always very friendly.When I feel like getting in touch with my hippie side I go to Casey Moores, because I can always expect to find someone outside painting a work of art, or photographing the wandering cats (yes, they have cats! they're well-fed and happy). It gets pretty busy after 5pm, but the good news is that if you arrive before 5 you can bring your pets and stay all night. I bring my dog in all the time, and she is always met with animal lovers who didn't know they could bring their pets.. so now you know!The oysters are good, but if you're eating them out on the patio the heat kind of kills that deal for you. I had never tried oysters before going to Casey's but they are surprisingly tasty and comparatively better than other oyster houses.If you're feeling pretty ballsy, go pee on the Blarney Stone! Every time I go there I wish I was a man so I could do it.
1	Sorry to everyone who loves this place, but you have not eaten there or your palate is better served at McD's. It was even recommended by the front desk at The Buttes as a good place to eat. First off I am 49, but no stick in the mud. I like energy and fun, but if they say good food it should be better than Denny's.I write to save another business traveler the trouble of a horrible dining experience.This place is BAR....get it...A BAR. It is filled with college kids drinking cheap beer. That is the best thing I had all night. $3.50 for Black and tan pints....although a little light on the black.I started with Oysters...Oyster House, right? 6 oysters. 2 of them bad from looking at them. Advice to kitchen, if they look translucent and milky, they are BAD. They look bad, they will taste worse. All of them shucked poorly with plenty of shell inside. Didn't expect super fresh in the desert, but didn't expect rotten either.Had a salad. Not bad but lettuce was wilted....I guess expected in the 103 desert heat. I did eat inside, as the smokers and shitty misters outside made that option for the redneck hipsters that frequent this place.Had the special as a main course. Teriyaki sea bass. Like something a 6th grader would make!! Horrible!! Swimming in that cheap teriyaki goo they sell at any restaurant supply store. Rice-a-roni, that was overcooked to the point of sticky glop. Side of steamed veggies....best thing on the plate...or the garnish, might have been.College kids, or 30 something redneck hipsters, or local drunks. Enjoy this place. It was made for you. Everyone else stay FAR, FAR away. There are options in Phoenix....I hope. I guess I could be in culinary hell here. After all they still smoke everywhere in this lovely spot in the western desert.
4	A great break from the norm in Tempe. This place has character unlike many establishments in Tempe these days. It has a great outdoor patio and is in a historic house on campus. The food was yum, and the beers cold!
2	The only thing I hate more than frat boys is the smell of patchouli! This bar is full of hippies smoking cloves and hipsters who think this place is the place to be. There were plenty of hot chicks and a few cute dudes. One of the door guys was sexy. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because hipsters are only a little bit better than bros
4	Casey's totally transports you from being on campus all day into completely forgetting about anything that happened on campus that day.  It's a great little hang out for the college scene. Very close for those on the west side of campus, so close a group of us sometimes heads over between classes or at the end of a rough day to grab a drink and some grease. So needless to say I have had a few of the items on the menu however, I haven't found something I really, really like. I've had the tuna bacon melt (overkill-too much grease), fries (yum, they put a sprinkle of parmesan), fried clams (good), turkey croissant (okay), zucchinis and mushrooms (good). I think the patio really makes this place great. It is fun and welcoming. You could hang out here all day (in great weather that is).  They allow smoking, kinda sucks, but most people are respectful and blow up rather than at you. If you go during peak hours (weekends/nights) you might not be able to get a table as most people make a looooooong night of Casey's and usually stay put. Cheers!!!
5	Fresh salads!  Had the spinach salad with apples, feta, red onion & grilled chicken. Fabulous & plentiful!  I always love this hidden spot for their fresh ingredients and homemade daily soup.I have never had anything on the menu that I didn't think was 5 stars.  Keep in mind this is an old building and the owner keeps the decor the same no matter what century it is!  Know that your going to an old neighborhood pub and it's all good.
4	This review comes from a guy who is there for the food and not the bar. With that out of the way, I really like this place. The service can be a little slow some days, but with those stairs, I can completely understand that. They do seafood right out here and I've only had better when I'm near a body of water. People who complain about seafood in AZ should stop and think about that for a second.I admit that the smoke gets to me sometimes and it's annoying to stand through the door and wait for someone to wait on you. It seems like a crap shoot when someone will see you, but maybe I'm wrong and they have radios ready. Personally, I have really enjoyed their oysters, clam strips, fish and chips, etc. Hasn't made me sick and the prices for seafood isn't bad compared to the more upscale seafood places. If you're there for the food, go early. If you want drinks and maybe some food, go later.
4	I still haven't eaten here. Its crazy I know but I sure enjoy the black velvets. Ill update this review when I've eaten here.
5	The best neighborhood bar and restaurant...  I've been coming here for at least a decade.  I bring my family here;  from fiances to gfs to wakes... toasting life and love lost.    What makes Caseys so special is that the staff is personable;  not in a corporate way of pretending to 'love' you, but in an honest, sometimes frank, or even humorous style.   The food is always good;  its been a rare occasion in ten plus years that I haven't be satisfied or stuffed with the goods!!   And just because we are in the desert, don't stray from the fish; I've had all sorts of goodness here; look for the specials and try something a bit diff than just wings (which are great,) or a burger (one of the best burger deals in town.)  I always try a bit of whatever dessert is being served, and the menu is also flexible as to what you desire.  Don't want fries w/ yr fish n chips? Get a cup or bowl of the delicious clam chowder.  Order a caesar salad with no croutons and some tomatos.  No big deal;  and the food is good.  I have had days where I hit up the ol' caseys for lunch, and by nightfall i come back for a late dinner. They even serve til 1am!  In tempe?  Hell yes!Every night at caseys, especially Fri/sat, you will see an eccentric, albeit young and hip, mix of people.  As the days' regulars give way to the night,  the tattooed, loud, and sexy make their way to crowd the outside patio.  Its rare that you could feel out of place unless you are expecting yr average hooters... there is a air of unexpected joy, of raising a pint of guinness (which is poured astutely,) and of seeing and meeting old and new friends alike.
4	I've only ever been to Casey Moore's for appetizers and drinks, so my review is based on that. Casey Moore's is situated in an old historic house in downtown Tempe on the ASU campus. They have a great outside patio area.Casey's has a pretty good beer selection, both drafts and bottles. They have the beers that are typical of an Irish Pub. It's not the largest selection that you will find, but it's very solid. They have rotating beer of a day special, with a different brew featured every day of the week. They have a very good and diverse appetizer list where you'll find anything from escargot to mozzarella sticks. My favorites have to be "Chipotle Hummus", "Crab Cakes", and the "Fried Clam Strips". Looking forward to going back to try their dinner menu.Good beer selection, awesome appetizers, and great atmosphere, give Casey Moore's an above average rating of four stars.
5	Casey's is always one of our stops when out drinking on Mill. Love the bar staff, most of them have been there for years.A great place to day drink (when the weathers nice of course).If youve only ever drank at Casey's, you NEED to come back for lunch/dinner one day. Their food is stellar. Faves include: Hippie sandwich (I love that they use pesto as mayo), Potato salad, Fried Zucchini, Chipotle hummus, Reuben, Classic club, Croissant sandwich, and finally their New England clam chowder.
5	Amazing happy hour. go on Wednesdays and Thursdays 4 o'clock to 8 o'clock.outside bar has fans and ac. sun inside bar is laid back and great specials
5	When in Tempe, this place is a necessary stop. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. The bartenders and service is great. The drinks are phenomenal. They offer an inside and outside options. They offer a decent selection of beers and cocktails. Love this place!
4	This is a great bar in an old historic house that has a comfortable vibe to it.  The food and drinks are good and they have a great happy hour.  I was suspicious as to the quality of oysters available in the middle of the desert but I found the ones here to be very acceptable.  There is a great mix of all sorts of people here that you don't seem to see at most of the other places in the area.  Probably my favorite bar I've been to in the Tempe area.
4	great beer, great food, great prices and it's haunted!!!
5	Great food, good drinks, close to ASU.. i seem to be becoming a regular. wish their drink prices on happy hours were worth it though
4	Casey Moore's is one of few places in downtown Tempe were I can relive my ASU glory days, without remembering how long it's been since they passed me by.  It's probably the only spot around Mill Avenue where I can go to on a Saturday night and not feel like I'm too old to be there.  If it's not too crowded, and isn't too hot outside, it may be the perfect bar to relax and have a drink.Maybe it's because the bar is in middle of a neighborhood, or maybe the koi pond, or the "fire pit," or all the wood tables, but when you drink on the patio, it feels like you're sitting in a big backyard.  If there were a pool, it would be the younger single me's dream backyard.  Casey Moore's also has pretty good selection of beers on tap.  What more do you need?It's been a while since I've eaten at Casey Moore's, but the food is pretty good.  A few years ago, I had the opportunity to eat with a big party in hidden room on the upper level.  There's two converted bedrooms you'd never know about unless you got up there.  It was a pretty fun private dinning experience.  The staff was very attentive and engaging.  They even told a few stories about how the second room has haunted.  I'm not much of a believer in ghost stories, but still entertaining to hear.  We must have been up there for at least two hours before going outside to have some drinks in the crowd.
4	Great patio atmosphere.  Never have had the food tho.
1	I have enjoyed some tasty food here in the past, but I won't be stepping foot in here again.  One of their bouncers, who refers to himself as "G", decided that it would be completely acceptable to let some transphobic words escape his mouth.  Now, in no way am I a transgender individual, but I do have much respect for the trans community and I can't believe this place would keep this dude around.  So, my girlfriend had to use the restroom and there was a huge line, so she peeked around to see if there was the same traffic jam by the guys bathroom and this dude just comes at her all aggressive like telling her she needed to get away and all that...which she was quick to move and apologize.  But then she asked him, "What if I was a transgender person?" To which this guy replied "Well then you can get out."  Really dude?  So, she informs the manager of this and he was on her side for sure.  The bouncer then began harassing her again and was trying to kick her out of the bar (for what?! Right...he didn't say) and she called to the manager that he was still being aggressive with her.  The three of them went to have a talk and the bouncer was trying to say that she called him the "N" word...UM MY GIRLFRIEND IS BLACK TOO JACKASS!  She never uses that word and would NEVER call someone that because she actually is a respectable person and isn't ignorant.  Did the manager say anything to the bouncer about his transphobic comment??  Did he?! NO!! I later called to ask what the manager's name was, and found out that not only is Gavin a manager but he's also part owner...you've got to be kidding me.It's a real shame when you let your employee harass a guest who didn't do anything but try to go pee.  Yelp folk, whether you're gay, straight, bi, queer, trans, a straight ally or something of the like, I strongly urge you to steer clear of this establishment and spend your money where this kind of behavior is not tolerated.
4	I love the atmosphere at Casey's, outside. It's a great place to meet up with friends, though I prefer not to go too late at night on a Friday/Saturday as it can be hard to find a place to sit and there's not a lot of good areas to stand. The servers often have a bad attitude, and it can take a long time to get the check. This is the one downside.
5	I love this place so much that I was tempted to give them only 1 star so that hopefully people would read this and not go there so it would be easier for me to find a table!!  All joking aside, this is my favorite bar in Arizona.  Plus, I think it is the only place near Mill Avenue where you can get  Smithwicks on tap and not be in a club setting.  I love the fried Zucchini and Mushrooms too, you never see that anywhere!
4	Great place to get your drink on! This bar has that dark musty smell that goes perfect with a beer. Didn't try any food, not that I wouldn't trust it, just didn't have space in the belly with all that beer. I will definitely go back next time I am thirsty in Tempe.
4	Gosh this place is great for beer drinkers!  Learned what a black velvet was here.  Amazing but I don't know how often I'll be able to get this drink at other places!  Not a lot of places have pear cider on tap, that are also affordable ;P  By the way, a black velvet is pear cider and guinness.  Oh man that was delicious.  I could never really drink guinness on it's own, it's much too heavy for me.  But paired with that light and fruity addition...so good!Came back Sunday afternoon so that I could try the oysters rockefeller before I headed back home.  They were just okay, not as amazing as what my friend made them out to be.  Though, I was completely surprised when my bill came and it was 8 and change.  The oysters rockefeller alone should've been 8, but to include a beer too???  So.that.must.mean. ... HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY ON SUNDAY??? :O!!!
5	Love the atmosphere - outside, good beer, delicious escargot and oysters!
4	Guess What!? After all the times I have been coming here. I finally got a chance to eat here. The you can come here an get food all the way up to 1 am. (Just saying for those looking for that late night aphrodisiac boost) I really can't believe how fresh the oyster are in the middle of the hot Arizona desert. I come here as an regular for their delicious oysters. The flavors are very clean and taste slightly briny like the ocean. I highly recommend this place for the great food now and the low price booze.
4	Can't help but like this place. The food is about a 3.5. I think the beer selection needs to broaden! Bring in some locals like Santan, or some CO beers like Odell's or Lefthand. The typical beer selection is getting old even though I am sure they make a killing off what they have always served. I guess thats what makes this place good. But I personally want to see more beer!! I use to frequent this place at night but only during the day and HH to avoid the hipster crowd who think they and this place is the shit! Sorry, yeah...I forgot my fixed gear bike at home and my chucks too! Deal with it! Oh wait, I don't own any of those things cause I am not a hipster nerd! No tats either!! So I go when the crowd is semi-normal for Tempe...haha! Yeah right! Anyway, love the oysters and the typical mesh of east coast and west coast seafood treats. Can't eat here much but it is fun when we do. Keep up the good work, maybe the hipsters can find somewhere else to hang out? Too bad Coffee Cartel is not a bar too, then they can just stay there! Oh well. Cool place, been going here for years.
2	Ehhhhh. When my favorite part of the meal is the salad, there's a problem with a seafood restaurant. I got the spinach and berries salad which was actually REALLY delicious, I ate every bite of it and I'm glad that I did because the crabcakes I ordered were horrible. So bad in fact that I sent them back. The clam chowder my friend ordered was kind of watery and might have had a good flavor, but it wasn't even that hot. Blech.Other friend got some shrimp dish and she really couldn't say much about it except "meh". I was really dissapointed that we came here instead of one of the other places in Phoenix/Tempe because I've been here for work before and had much better food. I definitely won't be back next time I'm there for work!
4	I love Casey's. This is a great place to kick back and drink a beer and people watch. Love the outdoor seating! A lot of "hipster" type kids hang out here but the vibe is laid back and relaxed. LOVE the hummus! And if you get there early enough on Saturday or Sunday and eat inside the brisket is to die for.
4	The food here is pretty good. I enjoy drinking outside.A lot of hipsters hang out here. Get over it. It's Tempe
4	Service:  Terribly slow.  My boyfriend & I went during Happy Hour on a Wednesday evening.  We were told by the bouncer to seat ourselves.  We found a nice spot on the patio next to a heater.  We waited for quite some time before a waitress came over to take our drink order.  Took her like ten minutes before she came back to take our food order.Food:  If you come here, you've gotta have oysters.  $10 for a dozen during Happy Hour.  They tasted very fresh.  I hate it when I get tiny pieces of the shell on my oyster, though.  Love it with cocktail sauce and/or Tabasco!  We also tried their chicken fingers & fries.  The chicken was very crunchy & well-seasoned.Atmosphere was great.  I love the lighting on the patio.  Everyone there seemed to be having a good time, all chatting & laughing.I'd come here again.
5	my favorite bar in tempe. i have been going here for the last 8 years. the food is great and the music is great. get the french onion soup. my absolute favorite!
5	OK We need more like this .This is like something out of A story book .You wont want to leave . I'm hooked Staff , very nice , and clean .Easy to make friends .
4	The Good:1. Excellent food.2. Excellent intimate location.3. Close to light rail.4. Friendly employees.5. Laid back atmosphereThe Bad:1. Some of the patrons are weird (emo-ish)2. Mixed drinks are on the small side and can be pricey.
1	What is the big deal? The menu was terribly limited, the waitress didn't get around to us for 30 minutes. Luckily we were in a group so we didn't notice that much. This place is constantly over crowded, and the staff is rude. Their alcohol selection isn't anything special, and after we were done here we ended up going somewhere else for food, this place was hardly worth it, and certainly over priced.
4	Atmosphere here is perfect. We sit outside all the time, scoop out a spot by the heater, since it's usually night when we get there. They have beer specials late night which in my book is perfect. I was here yet again with some amazing people the other night... we're that table that never stops laughing and is always having a good tme. The food... ok so I've only eaten the food here once, and I ordered the fish & chips... it says best in town. Not the greatest tasting food ever I was incredibly hungry and ate most my fish, and all the cole slaw. I must admit I am a used to really amazing fish & chips moving to AZ from San Francisco and always being in Malibu. But considering I'm now in the middle of the desert they were pretty legit. I would say go here and drink your night away. I love people watching here and sitting outside in the trees I feel like I'm in  a secret spot where you could possibly see a unicorn.
5	Came here for the first time on Sunday afternoon, and loved it.  Ordered strictly off the appetizer menu so we could try oysters, clam strips, hummus, and crab cakes - and all four were amazing.  Best crab cakes I've ever had.  Nice beer selection, good mixed drinks.Also enjoyed the layed-back patio setting.  People brought their dogs.  Nice casual atmosphere with friendly servers.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Yelp, your mobile app has taken me home again!It's nice to have a spot that has not significantly changed in the 20+ years that I have been a patron...even tho nearly 20 years has passed between my last visit and my most recent.Casey Moore's Oyster House patio was the spot one of my instructors selected for the lecture portion of his class.  Every Tuesday, from 2-3:30 PM, we sat at a table and discussed designing costumes/lights/sets/sound for ASU theatre productions.  Between the munchies and the black and tans, our discussions became quite animated and we certainly considered more creative design concepts.  It was quite cool to be able to have class and a beer (or 3) at the same time.Fast-forward from 1989 (my first experience at Casey Moore's) to 2011 (my return to Tempe for work).The food is still outstanding, the location is easily accessable, the atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  The prices, unfortunately, are a bit higher than other places.
4	This is a cool hangout. I wish the heat lamps were used...because it's cool.
5	Best Irish pub in Arizona
4	I love this place, the service at the bar is always amazing and no matter what day it is there's always people buzzing around! I had some disappointing crab cakes that put a bad taste in my mouth, even though they say homemade I tasted something that was caught in a aqua duct. On the plus side I love the calamari rings and LOVE THE OYSTER ROCKEFELLER, great group fun, and soooo fresh! I've done lunch here and I had the meatloaf that was on spec that day and was in love, the flavor and complementing mash potatoes and veggies were a perfect match and I'm glad I listened to my bartender. I couldn't decide because I was hungover and this meatloaf and a Harp did the trick. Hippie sandwich is also on the top of my list and will always be my go-to meal at Casey Moore's.      Patios are open and have enough room for a larger group to meet and outdoor bar that is always open during the night, serious door people though, so don't forget your ID. I hear there's live music sometimes but I have never been. Great surrounding area, great local shops and walking distance to Mill Ave.
4	My husband came here with some co-workers and really liked the food.  So we decided to give it a try when we came to Gammage for "Wicked".   Great menu - lots to choose and great service.  We were there about 11:15 AM on a Sunday and the bar was already full!  Only negative for me - was it still smelled a bit smoky inside and the patio although spacious and very pet friendly (love that!) still smoky and no appeared to be smoking!  That is just a personal preference for me.
1	I live down the street from Casey Moore's. I have been here a total of three times. The first time a group of us just ordered drinks, and the margaritas my friend and I ordered were so terrible that we sent them back. The second time I went with my husband and ordered a crab salad sandwich. Again, it was so awful I had to send it back. I am not a picky eater, nor have I been known to complain about food or service when dining out. There has only been one other restaurant I have ever been to where I sent food back. So, this place was already two for two. Alas, my husband begged me to go back once more. He was craving oysters and since this is an oyster house, I figured it wouldn't hurt to give them one more shot. It was last Thursday evening, and the place was hoppin'. This time, the food was decent. Not good, but decent enough where I may have given Casey Moore's a fourth chance had I been impressed with the service. But the service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress got us our drinks and didn't come back to take our orders for another 20 minutes. We sat there awkwardly waiting for her to stop by, and though she passed us quickly several times, she never even acknowledged us with a simple "I'll be back with your orders." When she did arrive 20 minutes later, she asked if we were ready to order without even an apology. I am not kidding you when I say she acted like she wanted nothing to do with us. She was very monotone and never smiled with us. I would like to pass this off as her having a bad night, but when she went to her other tables (all full of men with drinks) she suddenly lit up, laughed, and had a blast with them. It was so awkward to the point that my husband asked if maybe we knew her and had upset her in some way in the past. But no. This was our first time meeting her. We were pleasant customers who didn't complain about the mediocre food or slow service. We were polite and left a good tip. We pride ourselves on being fun, engaging, and polite with our servers since we go out often. But let me tell you right now what makes me the most angry. We live so damn close to this place and would have loved to be regulars... It is such a shame that Casey Moore's has now given us three good reasons to never come back. And I can't find any information on their website of how to contact the manager about this, so I am left to rant here on Yelp, completely unsatisfied. Sigh...
4	I go to Casey's every time I travel to the area for Spring Training. Not sure why I like it so much, but it works for me. I love that its basically an old house with a huge patio. The patio is a great place to hang with friends. I also enjoy the small bar area inside which doesn't try to be anything its not. Look, the food isn't that great, the prices are just fair, but the location is pretty unique (especially in chain haven Tempe).Grab a pint & stool & ENJOY! See ya next Spring Training Casey Moores.
4	The setting and location of Casey's is what makes it great. The old house, the patio, trees and occasional dog (yes, they are pet friendly) makes it the perfect place to relax and grab a post ride beer and food any afternoon. If you are an oyster fan, the Oysters Rockefeller are EXCELLENT! I find myself making excuses to stop by for an afternoon beer and rocks whenever I can.Busy weekend nights offer a different experience, but no less unique.  Don your beard, fake glasses, and dirtiest flannel and join the fun. Never a dull moment and always good conversation to be had. If nothing else, the people watching will bring you back.
3	I don't go to Casey's to eat, I mostly go over the weekends or late night. I have had the chicken fingers, which were tasty. Their drink prices are alright, they do have nice beer specials and some interesting shot combos. On Friday's and Saturday's the place is overrun by hipsters. It's hard to get through the crowd at some points. Thankfully there are two bars, one inside and one outside. It can also get pretty loud, there is music playing and a lot of cigarettes being smoked. The music ranges from Michael Jackson to Mumford and Suns and everything else in-between.
4	Best oysters I have ever had in the middle of the desert! Actually, I would venture to say they are better than some places I have been to on the coast.Being in town for work I sometimes eat alone and sit at the bar...the real mark of a top notch establishment is a good bar staff. This place has it for sure. They were quick to get drinks, got my food orders spot on, and were fun to talk to. It was especially hilarious when some foreign students came in (I believe french) and began to hit on one of the regulars. Considering how drunk they already were they got cut off after one drink...and of course left shortly after. The restaurant is a bit off on a side street in what looks like a converted over house...so it has a very relaxed and cozy feel. They also have a huge outdoor patio area. On top of the amazing oysters I had I also had a tuna melt sandwich. It was very good, but was open faced...I expected two slices of bread to make it into a full sandwich. Not a big deal but a little odd.
5	Excellent place to eat or day drink. Unique atmosphere and I enjoy the history that this old house carries. The fish and chips are to die for and so are the oysters. Typically I get worried ordering seafood in the desert, but this place always delivers fresh goodness.
3	Not sure what happened here @ Casey's, the Guinness is not being poured correctly, is it too busy, understaffed, untrained bar keep?I'll go to Rula or Fibbers next time.
3	If you're going to go here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, I suggest going early.  We got there after 6:30, hoping to grab a table or seats at the bar & make our orders quickly before HH ends at 7.  Well of course the bar seats & every table was taken.  All of the waiters/waitresses seemed so rushed & overwhelmed.  We finally found the hostess & asked for a table for three.  As she went off to look for a table, another hostess came up to us.  I specifically stated that we were there for HAPPY HOUR.  And she was like WELL ARE YOU EATING?  I had to make this point twice.  Then the first hostess came back & said she could seat us upstairs (I didn't even know they had a second floor!).Well, bad idea.  First, the decor upstairs was a lame attempt at making the Oyster House look the least bit classy.  Then, the waitress told us happy hour is only available downstairs.  Wow.  After a second look for an available table downstairs, we decided to just stay on the second floor & pay the regular price for oysters ($12 per dozen versus $10 per dozen during HH).  The service upstairs was super slow.  The waitress wasn't even paying close attention when we made our orders because she definitely forgot my friend's beer.  The good thing was she comped it since he waited for like over half an hour.  The oysters tasted extra fishy that day, not like the first time I tried them here.  I lost my appetite for anything else after that.  My boyfriend's solution to the fishy-ness: mask the taste with horseradish & lots of Tabasco!
3	First timers with a large party. Everybody liked food and service except the halibut was awful.
4	Was recommended to come here by a bartender at another joint, ended up coming back the next night during my Spring Training trip.  Not a Mill Ave joint...which is one of its better features.  A beer special every night.  Food was good.  Large patio.  Loved the bartended Ipod selection.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would. Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant in my entire 29 years of life. I was with a large group of 10 people and we ordered some beers and food (coming to an "oyster house" and being told they don't recommend them on the half shell) and when we got our food the waiter got our order completely wrong and when we told her what happened instead of apologizing and offering to make it right she proceeded to tell us that was what we had ordered and that we were the ones who were wrong! I couldn't believe my ears! When I politely told her again that was not what we had ordered she kept arguing with us and then just took the food and left. I was beside myself. I have never been treated so badly in a restaurant before. I then asked to speak to a supervisor and she shot back that there was not a supervisor on that night. Yeah I believe that. So we promptly left and were NEVER not once offered one single apology, instead we were told that we were wrong and then ignored. Will never set foot in this establishment again and I hope to speak with the owner to let him/her know the level of wait staff they have representing their restaurant.
4	Based soley on the food - 4 stars !! The service was less than stellar because the waiter looked like he was hungover and not very attentive. YOU MUST GET THE OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER. They take about 40 minutes but well worth the wait. My and my better half shared a steak sandwich with garlic cheese fries, it was way more than enough food. The total bill - $23.00 including a beer anda  soda ! Love me some phoenix!The atmosphere is very laid back, outside seating as well as indoor restaurant and bar options. Smoking outside which is kind of gross but I guess its customary here and im just jaded because you can't smoke anywhere here in California.
5	Casey Moores was excellant--great Blue Point Oysters (farmed --but they all are really) and Black Oak Nut Brown beer from Sedona was very nice and potatoe skins (soory DAN Q).  Super service and nice time ---the outside was full of college kids and I'm 60 ---still every one was cool and I still like to look at Co-eds---now please stop smoking kids so you don't F yourself like I kinda have over the years
3	Love drinking at Casey's in the evening. Although their drink specials are not really special at all, you can't beat the atmosphere, the string lights, the crowd. I've also eaten here a few times - their clam chowder was really good, and their build-your-own burger is seriously perfect. However, service is REALLY spotty. During the day I've had pretty good service. When I'm drinking there at night the service is really good too. But there was one time I came with a few friends and I had, I kid you not, the absolute worst service I've ever had. Our server took 10 minutes to even greet us, and then she was downright rude to us, snappy, unhelpful. I always try to give servers the benefit of the doubt, as I am one. I tried being polite to her and still got rude, short responses. My boyfriend and I were eating (the meal took forever to come out) and our two friends were just drinking. Halfway through the meal, I swear to God, the woman must have bumped a few lines, because she came back weirdly animated and chipper, although it was super fake. Still could not flag her down for extra condiments for the life of us.. she would literally glance at us as she walked by and turn away if we waved like she was ignoring us purposefully. Then she asked my friends if they wanted another round. They both politely declined. She made some inane comment about being on the liquid diet and came back with two beers for them a few minutes later. We all said OK cool, I guess she got us a free round. WRONG. She charged them both for two beers despite their explicit "No, thank you's." We were too irritated by this point to dispute so we just left her a crappy tip and got out of there. This place would have four-five stars by my rating if they just made sure their servers were halfway decent human beings.
2	Eh. Just okay. Outside bar was great but that's due to the weather. Service blows and food is just okay. Nothing special. Great for people watching though. My fave was the chic with the big boobs and mohawk.
3	Upon my first visit to CMOH, I liked the casual ambience and the outdoor patio. The oysters on the half shell were exceptional, especially with the house-made fresh (and potent!) horseradish. Kinda wakes up your sinuses and makes you say "Boy... Howdy!" This is Japanese wasabi's American cousin driving a monster truck through your uvula!However, there were some misses with the food on the rest of our order. The chipotle hot wings were way too subdued, although the texture was decent. I was hoping for a spicy wing that would grab me by the gooch--alas, these did not. The fried mushrooms were a tragedy. Crispy and breaded on the outside, but when you bit into them they turned to mush.I'd come back for the beer, the interesting crowd, the great outdoor patio or rustic bar interior. I'm advising you order carefully though. Maybe their sandwiches are the big draw (besides the face-smacking, face-hugging oysters).
3	I like Casey Moore's, it's a cool place, and a good option for lunch and late night. For lunch, the service typically takes forever. I've had 1.5-2 hour lunches because it's painfully slow. The food is pretty good and the drinks are strong.The best part of Casey Moore's is the vibe and the atmosphere. It's very laid back and a nice place to hang out.I don't think it's the cleanest of places...One night I saw a cockroach in the tiled area between the bathrooms, which was nasty. There's definitely a dingy element to it, which isn't really my thing but maybe enhances the vibe.It's worth checking out if you're in Tempe and tired of Mill.
4	Mmm...came here the other night before a show at ASU Gammage. We had a group of six around a big round corner booth. Very comfortable and great laid-back tavern vibe. Our server was vibrant (literally - with purple hair and purple fingernails) and very friendly, we enjoyed her a lot. We ordered the blackened salmon Caesar salad and it was perfect. Juicy tender salmon with lots of blackened seasoning. The dressing was VERY good, not your average grocery store Caesar. Our friends had the fish and chips, the turkey crossaint, and the blackened salmon berry salad. Great reviews all around. The berries were amazing. The clam chowder was also very good.Decent beer list as well and very reasonable prices - something like $3.50 for a pint of a good IPA or a Blue Moon.  It wasn't even Happy Hour!  Definitely looking forward to returning.Only complaint is the same with many venues around Phoenix: the patio was way too smokey to even consider sitting out there.
4	One of the few pub grub joints in town with character. Ask for seating in intimate dining rooms upstairs for better experience and service.Pros: The only place in Tempe, or the Valley for that matter, that I go for Ostyers on the half shell that are affordable at $12 per doz. Clam chowder and Onion au gratin soup are solid plays at $4 per cup. Great apps are the mountain of Clam strips for $6 or Cod fish and chips for $10, which are perfect when you're craving something fried to go with your brew. A surprise is the Angus quality beef - try the $22 petite filet with sides.Cons: Parking sucks. Bouncers checking IDs at the doors are annoying. Hipster crowd smokes like chimneys and makes outdoor patio unusable for dining at night.
5	Saturday 12:30 a.m. You'll find cool, hip, modern-urban people here trying to have a good time, for the most part.  You'll have to walk in, through and around the crowds to find your niche conversation with authentic, real minds ready to have an open talk with you.  It takes a few moments to filter through the fake characters that are just there to be furniture in the scenery. Topics on music festivals, your area of study, occupations, place of origin, vacation spots, existentialism, viewpoints on abortion, immigration, drug policy, healthcare and student loans all ran the gambit of speech. Each person giving their opinion, respectfully, for logical scrutiny, which is all fine and dandy for a prospering democracy.The bartenders in the outside bar were a bit half-ass, trying to pose for the camera, figuratively speaking of course, so I didn't bother tipping them, since I'm use to Austin bartenders who hustle to get you your drink to earn that tip.  For Phoenix ,it seems like one of the top places to drink, potentially, with progressive, liberal, art-minded people.
4	Tempe pub staple, as the Phoenix area goes, Casey Moore's is pretty good. The atmosphere is hipster, arty - but you won't be judged when you go. The patio is great during nice weather and the food is good enough. The wait staff always has a bit of a "holier than thou" attitude, but it won't distract from the overall experience. I met my husband here, so it holds a special place in my heart!
4	Well, we all  went to a going away party here at Casey Moore's Oyster House and the place was fairly nice lots of security around  but very limited parking (we parked a few blocks away and had to walk in) food was good but my onion soup was way to salty though and the dip sandwich was by far the worst item to order on the menu (just sliced meat and bread)  and I had order it.  My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no complaints because it was good but it was not scampi.  Tuna was perfect I had a chance to taste it  and that cooked perfect and I did notice a co- worker leave the 1/2 of the fish and chips on there plate no a good sign.  Clam chowder was good as a few friends did say they enjoyed it.  Calamari was off the chain "Perfect".  The server was warm,  friendly and polite and had some great suggestions for dinner and was very patient and waited for us to have  few rounds before we ordered dinner.  The place is pretty big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be like going to a different place.  Music was jamming something for everyone. Folks were friendly and the place was packed.   Now, cleanliness it  seems like it could use a wipe down, moping an a power wash in a few spots but I guess after a few cold ones you don't see it anymore.  Will I go back?  Yes, I would, affordable food, good music and  folks all in a good mood I'm there.4 stars due to they are still a littler ruff around the edges.Peace :)
4	Let me preface this review by saying I have only ever enjoyed Casey Moore's as a bar and have never had the food, though I hear it is good.The bar is nice, right off of Mill Ave/University but a bit tucked away from the Mill crowd.  You will definitely get a unique people watching experience, as the crowd is diverse from college co-eds, to hipsters to punk...you get my point.The alcohol selection is great, my fave being Ace Pear Cider, they also have Stella Artois, which I have found to be quite difficult to find on tap in other locations.Added bonus, men get to use the "stone" outside restroom, where you pee, well on a stone outside. Kinda jealous considering there is always a wait for the 2 stall women's bathroom.This place is always crowded, on this occasion I went on a Wednesday night and it was packed.  Service is always good and friendly, though they could afford to hire more people as the wait for drinks when being served is usually long.  It beats going up to the bar inside though, as that wait is usually just as long.The parking is a mess, as the lot is small and well, it's always crowded.  Be wary of parking in nearby apartments, as your car will be towed.
2	Wen't in last night and found out that Gavin Rutledge was fired.Gavin was the face of this great neighborhood pub.  The people who own this business have no idea what they've lost.  My patronage is now going to dwindle to a trickle.  Two decades of coming in here at least once a week - I think you can do the numbers.Head over to House of Tricks as the perfect alternative if you like an outdoor bar in old town Tempe.  A little stunned as I write this.Good luck, Gavin, and Patty and David - here's hoping your numbers go consistently down.
5	When people in Arizona complain about the seafood we have I want to smack them. What do you expect in the F-ing desert? I grew up in the Ocean State, 40+ years of top New England fresh seafood on my doorstep. I don't expect that in Tempe but I know where to find good seafood, Casey Moore's is my first choice.This is a very cool bar, a neighborhood hangout, not some corporate designed food slinging franchise. They don't have the big bucks backing them up so they better be consistently good, or they're out of business. CMOH has been in business for a very long time, and business is good.I prefer Friday when the dinner specials go on the board. I've had marlin, shark, swordfish, ono, mahi and all kinds of fish you don't find in AZ restaurants. You never know what they'll have for fish specials. I'm rarely disappointed. I have the oysters regularly and Casey's Oysters Rockefeller is one of the best I've had in my life, including my home state.The patio is often packed, the bar gets crowded, the many small dining rooms are full, so you may have occasional lapses in service. The CMOH staff is very good but sometimes they're overwhelmed by the popularity of their pub. The bar staff is second to none, I should know, I've bellied up to many bars in my day.Rumor has it the upstairs dining rooms (formerly bedrooms) are haunted. I don't know, but I love dining up there. It's a great place to take a date. The menu is varied, from bar standards to specials you won't find anywhere else.Give Casey's a chance, and if you're not convinced, try again. You may be the problem, the common denominator in all your bad restaurant reviews.
5	Huge outdoor seating area that goes all the way around this house. Smaller indoor seating options. It IS a house. Amazing food and great beers and cocktails. The perfect place to meet with friends any time of day or night. Parking can be a bitch so plan accordingly. Your drinking experience doesn't g4t much better than this.
5	When I moved from Phoenix to Tempe 6 years ago (even though I am back in Phoenix now) I picked a place that was within walking distance of Casey Moore's because I love it so much.  The food is great, much better than bar food, which is what some people mistakenly think they are going to get.  $4 will get you a super strong well drink, I have been knocked on my ass more times than I care to think about from their pours.  The staff is great and really does know your name.  I have been kicked out but they always let me back it.  Once after a bitchy girl started screaming at me and calling me names for no reason, the owner offered to kick her out simply because he knows I am a regular and would never fight in his bar.  That is customer service at it's best.  I miss you Casey Moore's, I don't go often enough anymore... I must change that...
3	I have had both good experiences and mediocre experiences at Casey Moore's.  I find that more often than not, the weather and the crowd dictates the enjoyment of this place.  When the weather is mild or cold this is a really great place to go.  I love the patio seating, it is comfortable and plentiful and the grounds are relatively attractive.  The seating outside is well spaced enough to not have to share your elbow space with strangers, but close enough that you can easily mingle with others.  All around a great patio!The service is fine, but not stellar.  They are usually quite busy, so while the wait staff is pleasant, they are sometimes lacking in attentiveness.  The food has never been bad, but has definitely been mediocre at times.  The one thing that is terrible is the parking.  Since they are always busy, the parking areas are overflowing.  All in all, I like this place.  Only the heat deters me, since I prefer their patio seating over the indoor area.
5	Great spot to grab burgers and beers. The burgers always come out perfect, and the bartender is always friendly and quick to serve.I wish I lived closer, that is my only complaint!
3	The atmosphere here is a very large social gathering and seems to be a great place for the alternative crowd from mill and college kids. The bartenders are pretty fast and spot on. the prices are average. The food is pretty good, and not too expensive. It's a great place to go to spend an evening with friends or to meet new people. It can get pretty busy and the parking lot is not very big so sometimes you have to walk a little bit, but usually not much.
4	Casey Moore, Oyster WhoreBy The RueThis Tempe icon deserves 3 stars,Gets one extra because the girls here are above par,The cocktail sauce doesn't come in a jar,I'd come here more if I didn't live so far.Stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon late,I was rolling by myself, can't find a date,I didn't order food but it all looked great,Later I got on my board and went to go skate.It's a cozy place on the inside and out,Couldn't catch her eye but I didn't pout,I don't mind cause she probably likes No Doubt,That band sucks and Gwen Stefani has gout.I sat at the bar and ordered Kilt Lifter,It came in a pint and not in a snifter,Slick, switch the 100 for a 10 like a grifter,I got the chrome skull on my Jeep's shifter.Going out on a limb to say best outside bar in Tempe,Outside, on a wall is where the men go pee,Come in late spring all the girls dress sexy,Full time single dad who's weekends are free. Blarney!!
4	beer is cheap. food is not so great. patio is fun. yelpzilla is happy! It a fun dive. full of grad students and zombie hipsters. service is slower than the second coming. ORDER WITH CASH AT THE BAR.Reviewer Rya needs to check her self before she wrecks herself. Honey, its a bar and a divey one at that. Slow ya roll.
3	Since it was raining the night we went, we sat inside.Our service was great!! Maybe that's where you can find good service, patio is hit and miss. Oyster's Rockefeller and fish were flavorful and fresh!!
3	It ain't what it used to be. On two occasions I was "greeted" by door guys that must have mistakenly thought they were bouncers at an L.A. Nightclub.
4	I finally went here, after reading the reviews and pouting about how busy I was with work and how it is hard to find someone to be my Designated Driver, since Arizona is way more strict than NJ when it comes to people drinking and driving.  So, I finally arrived at Casey Moore's last night and was impressed.  This is an upgraded Irish pub/bar with a great beer selection, yummy yummy yummy crab cakes, and a cozy atmosphere.  It was Thursday night in which they have a special on Kiltlifter (sp?) and I was pretty excited.  The music was not that good.  I wish that they would have a DJ there on busy THursday nights.  That would really enhance the atmosphere and probably their people traffic as well.I vote for a DJ on Thursday nights, heck, I have amazing music, I could just be the DJ.I will be back very soon to try their oysters and some of the other seafood dishes and of course more beer on tap.Seriously, you need a DJ on Thursday nights.
3	Honestly, I think the service has gone downhill. Last time we were in for dinner we couldn't find our server towards the end of our meal. After 20 minutes of sitting with no drinks or food my husband asked the bartender if he might know where the server was. He apologized and said he got too high before his shift and couldn't help. Not to worry, she was in the bathroom crying the whole time, something about the boy she liked not reciprocating the feelings. I like the atmosphere, I love the patio, but the service could use a little help.Side note: I was pretty grossed out when I saw cats walking on stacks of clean plates at an outside wait station.
2	I feel like I'm writing several negative reviews, but maybe I was just unlucky with my choices?Drinks - I had a nice white wine I cannot remember the name of, but it did the job.Food - I had maybe two bites due to chatting with my pals, but ended up leaving the leftovers on the table since it didn't really do much for me. Maybe I order poorly, but my pasta was lame.Service - Waitress with an attitude and waiter that walked around with an aloof expression on his face. Neither were very attentive to our group of 13+.Ambiance - I'm confused... We're in Tempe... a land-locked state, correct? Oysters? At an Irish pub? Really? Like I said, confusing!
4	Have been here several times and just realized have not written a review! How blasphemous. Was here on Friday for happy hour. $2 off appetizers meant a dozen oysters for $10. Not bad. Also indulged in some brews on tap. They have indoor and outdoor seating, the outdoor being the most fun, in my opinion. I've also had some of their other food in the past. Mostly pub-style sandwiches and the like, very tasty. Service can be slow, the place has sort of a laid back attitude. So be prepared to just sit back and relax.
5	Sometimes I just wanna sit on the patio with my friends and not worry about having to chase down a server or bartender to get a brew. Casey Moore's fills that void in my nightlife, I had to put *zero* effort into getting a pint. They even patiently made obnoxious, complex drink orders without showing the slightest signs of irritation. This is what a perfect staff looks like. IDK about the food (not important) or like the restroom (size of a closet), but it gets 5 stars so that other bars' staff can perhaps down a black velvet while they take notes.
4	the wife and i biked down to tempe yesterday for a bite to eat and settled in at casey moores. specifically because they offer sat/sun happy hour from 11-4!!!!!a dozen oysters (tasted fresh and salty), the clam strips app (good), and the wife had the hippie sandwich....essentially a vegan/vegetarian sandwich (which she liked). 2 beers, outside patio, beautiful phoenix area day. casey moores is a great place for oysters, happy hour, and atmosphere.
5	The absolute must go bar in Tempe. Perfect for an afternoon drink with friends. Sit outside nestled in trees, blocked away from, but only a few feet from busy downtown Tempe. Perfect place to kick back, relax, and talk with friends. The atmosphere is very relaxed. The music is also a plus playing music spanning from independent artists to classic rock. If lunch is what you're looking for then look no further. Casey's has a terrific menu of sandwiches, appetizers, salads, and full meals. Famous for their oysters, Casey's is definitely not just your average bar. On that note it is also very laid back and very much so "every mans" bar. A strange paradox! Check it out! It's also haunted!
5	Great food, great atmosphere and the bartenders are the best!A must visit when you are in Tempe!
4	I was SOO pissed they took the seafood stuffed tomato off the menu, but SOO happy they had Raj on tap, the Prime Rib was way more than 16oz, and I still finished it, seemed kinda pricy for the quality. Raj make Crispy happy.
4	I had not stepped foot into this pub since the mid eighties, when Gavin did his nightly handstand walk across the bar at closing time.  Sadly, Gavin has sold and left.  Happily, the newer, improved version has a lovely, sprawling patio.  Music is always good and the food, a great value for pretty decent ingredients, too.  My only complaint: the patio is loved by the smokers...shame on you smokers!
5	Casey Moore's is like one giant house party but with much better people, and much better beer available.The extra special vibe is due to its long/sordid history, secret upstairs breakfast room, weird Blarney Stone pee rock, inside dining nook, corner "beach"/lounge area, and hidden neighborhood location.It wasn't until I got older that I had an honest to goodness dinner here, and that was f-ckin fabulous too. Everyone makes it to Casey Moore's at some point...and even after those college years have become a distant memory, you can still pop in for a pint and have an equally great time (just stay inside, and avoid the ubiquitous stumblers...)
3	Went there on a Sunday afternoon because wife wanted some seafood. We got there around 4pm, it seemed busy but not crazy since the dinner crowd doesn't come in till after 5. The service was sub par; condiments, silverware and napkin not served until the food arrived and only after asking. Sorry but these are basic things a restaurant should get right. Food is so-so, we definitely had better. Then came time for the check, took our server 30mins to return with the card. Its got 3 stars because I think the patio (which is huge) ambiance is great for hanging out. Not a place to go if you don't have too much time.
1	Wow been going there for years but went there recently and was really disappointed, food was horrible, the urinal rock wall was overflowing and leaking all over my shoes and to top it off I sat in a bar stool for 30 minutes before some big shot drug dealer they like there arrived and told me I was in his seat, when I refused to move the bouncers asked me to move. Casey's FAIL
3	I love Casey's for the laid back atmosphere and beers. Recently, their food has been subpar which is a shame because the crab cakes used to be amazing. They must've gotten a new cook? Or bad crab? Not sure. But I still pop in for a beer. Bike friendly.
5	The most unique bar in Tempe, in my opinion. This place is an absolute staple for me personally. If you're looking for something different from the Mill Ave crowds, this neighborhood bar is worth a look. As you can see from the neighboring houses, Casey Moores is actually a historic home modeled to run as a pub. While the indoor area is comfortable and homey, the patio is exceptional (especially for brunch) during nicer times of the year. This place has a rich history, almost too much to fit in one review. They have their own wandering cats, a koi fish pond, blarney stone that doubles as a restroom and apparently this place is haunted too. The outdoor bar is perfect and the service is always phenomenal, all the bartenders are some of the best I've encountered in the area. The servers are always friendly and used to large amounts of traffic. I've seldom if ever had a bad experience.I didn't expect the food to be that good, thinking beer was more their thing, but in recent years it's actually become quite good. Bar food is always top notch, chicken fingers and wings, burgers, etc. I'm partial to their salad with blackened chicken added. Oh, and you can customize your own grilled cheese. One of the best I've had, hands down.This place is no longer a secret. Friday and Saturday nights people turn out in droves. If the 'cool' crowd isn't your thing, no worries. Get here early evening pretty much any night of the week and the place is ideal. Love this place!
4	Place is pretty awesome.  Nice and laid back crowd.  Been there twice now.  It gets kind of loud in there.  I didn't realize that I was somewhat "yelling" to have a conversation with my friends there until I woke up at my buddies after leaving tore up from their delicious white chocolate beer and he said that my sore throat was from talking so loud to be heard.  Yes, the deducing agent would be that his throat was sore as well.  I'll definitely be back, although next time, less white chocolate beer.  Man is my body just aching today!
4	Great bar scene! Foods decent but the atmosphere, people, and beer make up for that.  This place has a great personality and is a great place to meet up with some friends.  Very laid-back feeling, almost like your hanging out at your friends patio.
3	We were told this is the cool and hip bar that ASU folks frequent. And that they have bomb oysters and various plates of fried fishy goodness. So we had to check out this "staple" bar.The atmosphere is casual and laid back. You can grab seating at the patio (recommended if the weather is bearable) or at the cozy wood-themed indoor bar. The place was quite empty, but we visited on a Wednesday night so that was expected.The food was okay. Oysters were fresh but the flavor was a bit off. One of the oysters in our plate was spoiled and that ruined the plate for us. Luckily, the waiters were glad to replace it for us. The fried bar food selection includes fried mushrooms, fried oysters, and fish n chips, among others.  None of the plates were remarkable, except for the Oyster Rockefeller, which I highly recommend.Wide selection of local beers on tap. And I hear this place is happening during happy hours.----Distinguishing factor: Warm and cozy bar with a lively local college scene and fresh selection of oysters and fried goodies.
3	I might still be black listed for peeing on the patio in my tutu... but, I mean it's usually poppin. I think.... I black out every time I go.
4	On a recent vacation, my man and I took a trip down to the ol' Oyster House so he could reminisce about his bachelor days in sunny AZ. I guess this was "the cool spot" when he was growing up... literally, the only cool spot... nothing like self-consciously hipsterized, bar-lined, alterna-culture Seattle, where we live now. This was a lot of fun for me.1) I have never seen so many different kinds of bar flies in one place. In Seattle, having 10 million bars means that each one can serve its own perfectly isolated niche (e.g., bearded heavy metal knitting enthusiasts). I guess living in a town that mainly has tumbleweeds and meth to offer means that on Friday night, everybody looking to party ends up in the same place.... soccer moms, goths (really? still?), bros, and yes, hipsters, all gettin' wasty in their own corner of this sprawling bar.2) Property is pretty cheap in AZ, I guess - this place is huge!! That was fun.3) MMMmm I ate the hummus and pita it was delicious.4) I can't believe how absurdly freaking cheap it is to drink in this town!! God, why'd I ever move to the Pacific Northwest? I shoulda moved to Tempe!! Oh wait... this would be the *only* place I'd ever go.
5	The outdoor patio is the ultimate spot in Tempe for people (mostly hipster) watching. The drinks are reasonably priced, the food is awesome (I've eaten here for lunch, dinner and random bar snacks), the staff is polite (and sometimes you get a really friendly person), the place is always packed. I have spent many a night at Casey's and think you should go there, too.
5	I've been coming here for years. I always spend New Year's Eve here as well as St. Patty's day. Great social environment, staff is excellent, worth a visit. Try the food, it's the best. If you're a guy, make sure you use the Barney stone in the outside patio.
4	One of my favorite spots in Tempe.  Offers a very eclectic Irish bar setting with a great selection of beers.  The outdoor seating is very nice, especially with great weather.  Mill Ave can tend to get a little crazy at times, but Casey Moore's offers an escape that is worth the visit.
4	Great place on Sunday afternoon and sitting outside. I'll be a regular.
1	This was the worst place ever.  In my burger, there was some mystery meat that I bit.  When I told the waiter she took my food back and not once did I get an apology.The service was horrible, it took an over an hour to get the food. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.  I hope this place gets shut down.If you do go here dont expect good food or service.
1	Words cannot even express how much I hate this place. It's literally five minutes from my house in Tempe and everybody and their mother loves it here. I've been here four times. FOUR CHANCES, and they blew every single one.Visit #1: I go with a handful of girlfriends. Order a margarita. Worst margarita of my life, hands down. My friend also ordered one and hated it. We both had to send it back (the first and only time I have ever sent a drink back. It was that bad). We told our server that we'd like something different, but we needed a moment to decide. She rolled her eyes, took them away, and we didn't see her until much later, when she delivered our bill. I had no drinks that night.Visit #2: I went with my husband for lunch. Ordered the crab sandwich. I took a bite and it was an effort to swallow it, it was so disgusting. Now, I used to live off of eating out just about every day of the week. My husband and I are always incredibly polite to our servers and feign enjoying meals that are sub par. Getting meals you don't like is a part of life. This, however, was inedible. For the second time ever (I never send food back, I know how annoying it is for the servers and feel so bad), I had to send it back and ask for something different. Our server seemed really perturbed, but did bring me the meal I ordered instead. It was mediocre at best, but I ate it without any complaint. I apologized profusely to our server and assured her that I liked the new meal, even though I didn't, in hopes of her mood improving. It didn't.Visit #3: Don't even ask me why, but my husband and I were craving Oysters and thought that we'd give Casey Moore's Oyster House another chance to impress us. Not only were the oysters not good (we did not complain about them this time, though), but our server was so rude that we thought we had wronged her in some way. Dirty looks, only stopped by twice I believe in the hour and a half we were there, didn't say hello or smile once. We thought maybe we had caught her on a bad day, but the joyful smile on her face as she laughed with the table of men directly across from us quickly made us realize that this was not the case. To be clear, we did not complain about anything at any time. We were kind, polite, and didn't keep her from other tables. What the hell?Visit #4 (tonight): I went with a girlfriend for drinks after a run. I only went because it was a beautiful night and I wanted to sit outdoors. First off, we had my friend's dog with us and went to the front without the dog to see if we could tie him up outside of the establishment (around a tree). Nobody was there so we went back to get the dog to tie him up (again, outside of the place, by the sidewalk). A man promptly and rudely said, "I'm not letting you two in with that dog out there." Okay. So we took the dog back to the car and left the window down for him. When we got back and found a seat, I smiled and said hello to our server when he greeted us. Upon asking us what we wanted to drink, I said, "There is a drink at Boulder's (bar down the street) I really like and was wondering if you guys might do something similar..." "We don't." He said, and just looked at us. That's it. I proceeded to tell him what the drink was (Strongbow mixed with a Raspberry type beer). "No, I told you we don't." Finally after awkwardly floundering about, my friend and I settled on another drink. We did get what we ordered and it was good (we both got Strongbows with a shot of Fireball). But seriously, dealing with TWO rude men tonight, plus the history I've had there, makes me realize I really will never go back ever. And I mean it this time.I mean truly, I am extremely polite and go above and beyond to make people feel comfortable and happy to be serving me. I smile big, say hello, don't take too much of their time, don't whine or complain, etc. But the fact that four of my all time worst restaurant experiences were all from Casey Moore's is just too much to ignore. I hate that place and hate that I'm the only one who feels this way.
4	I enjoy Casey Moores for what it is -- a place for young, music-friendly, super trendy people to get together, grab drinks, smoke a ton of cigarettes, and enjoy pretty tasty bar food. It's better than the rest of the Mill Scene (no cover, ever!) and is a pretty large establishment. No crappy club music playing all over the place, and the entire outside is a smoking patio.Recommendations:-Fish N Chips-Baked Oysters (it is an oyster house after all)-Beer specials -Their burgers and fries are very very good.Don't recommend:-Calamari (it has this super heavy breading and it tastes more like an onion ring than a seafood product)-Cold oysters on a place -- not as fresh as I'd like them, and a little grainy.
4	The patio space is great to grab a beer and pair with some fried oysters. The oysters are perfectly crisp and HUGE! I really hate second hand smoke but the patio was large enough for my husband and I to enjoy an outdoor meal but yet not lose a few minutes of our lives while doing it. The atmosphere was very comfortable and would be a great place to come with large groups to have a good time.
2	The beer selection sucks and the little bit of food I have had here was unimpressive. BUT! A good place to people watch? And be watched? If you're into that.
4	Located just off Mill Ave.  When the weather is nice it has a great patio. Inside is a total dive. Pretty decent food but it is a total drunk fest type of place. Lots of ASU kids and a whole host of regulars whose sole purpose in life is just to hang out and get drunk.
5	This place is my absolute favorite! I recently moved to Phoenix and someone recommended this place to me. I immediately wanted to check it out and now it's my go-to spot. The crowd and staff are extremely friendly and inviting. They have a full bar and beer on tab for everyones palate. The food also tastes very fresh, including everything from the seafood to sandwiches and burgers. This place also has a huge outdoor patio, which I enjoy before all of the smokers congregate. You'll probably find me there most weekends. Cheers!
4	This place is a fun little dive bar with pretty good food and a nice patio.  The service is nothing spectacular, but the food is pretty tasty.  I recommend the fish and chips and the greek chicken pita.  Both were very tasty.
5	Drink the beer.
5	They're not kidding when they say they have the best chowder in Arizona.
5	I've always loved this place and used to come here a lot more frequently 10 years ago. The other day I came back for the wings I love. The price went up to $6 a dozen for happy hour, but they're worth it. Generous helping on the ranch for the carrots and celery and presentation is nice. Some of the same familiar faces still work there - some of the gals are still there ("Very few people leave."). Of course Phil, perhaps the best bartender in the valley, is still there (he even remembered part of my weird drink I used to get!!), and Dave is showing some age now (sorry Dave, still love ya), and the comfort level is alive and well. At least until it gets crowded. However the staff knows how to BUST ASS, they've dealt with crowds for years. Gavin is no longer there, but he can be found lurking sometimes in other places in Tempe. The patio is still great and the top floor is still haunted.No thumping music.So come on back!INSIDE SKINNY:  Get there early for Happy Hour, especially on Friday. If you arrive Friday 6pm the place is packed and you probably won't find parking or a free table, but there's the small lot directly next to Casey's on 9th that services the little apartments you can park in. Painted signs abound - "We love Casey Moore's, parking allowed." Hopefully you're not the first one in your group to arrive at 6pm.
1	I would not ever, ever, ever go here again if it weren't for the fact that my group of friends practically lives here. I really don't know what they see in the place other than "hey we've been going here every week for the better part of 10 years now...why would we do anything else?"Pros: It's uh. It's a bar? With an outdoor bathroom that lets you pee on the wall? I dunno. I digress. There are some good parts.1. Management and Bartenders: Awesome folks. Very personable. If you have any issue with the place at all, the manager will do his best to make sure you're happy, even if there's not much he can do. 2. Aside from the people who drink here(which I'll touch on below), the actual physical atmosphere is nice. I like patio bars.Cons:1. Door staff are assholes. This is the first place I've ever had a security person anywhere ever lay their hands on me. I walked out the side entrance to make a phone call in a quieter area and told the guy I'd be right back in. Finished my very short phone call within eyesight of the guy making eye contact with him a few times during the call. I walked back into the bar past him. He followed me 50 feet into the bar and grabbed me by the back of my neck and started screaming at me about showing ID every time you walk into the place. I literally talked to the guy not 5 minutes before in order to avoid having to go through the ID process all over again. If it ever happens again I'm calling the police and filing a battery charge. 2. Food is garbage. With the exception of the potato skins, everything on the menu sucks. But it's REALLY hard to make lousy potato skins.3. Beer menu is small/not really listed anywhere. Ask the waitress which beers they have and she'll tell you a few random ones that she can think of off of the top of her head and say "and we have others I guess". If you want Kiltlifter or Fat Tire, you're set. If you want anything else, it's a 50/50 shot on whether or not they have it.4. Hipster. Central. Seriously the clientele here is atrocious. I've literally been verbally assaulted here for eating potato skins by a waifish, meth-mouthed denizen who was the human embodiment of the lyrics of Macklemore's "Thrift Shop" because there was cheese and bacon on my food. He went off on me for being offensive to animals or some such. Telling me I would be a vegetarian if I had to kill the animal myself. On a friday night, the place is packed wall-to-wall with the whiniest, heroin-chic douchebags you will ever meet. I feel like this is the case because they don't like the loud music of the bars on mill so they walk around the corner and park themselves at Casey's.5. Cops. Lots and lots and lots of cops. If you go here on a semi-regular basis(once or twice a month or more) for a long enough period of time, you WILL be stopped immediately after leaving the bar. The Tempe PD are for the most part nice folks, but the ones who patrol looking to catch a DUI coming out of Casey's are all assholes. Not really the bar's fault at all, but it's part of the experience of going there.6. Pricing. Two drinks and a plate of aforementioned potato skins? 20 dollars plus tip. Look to spend at least 5 dollars(tip included) for a pint of beer here unless it's on special/happy hour. 7 to 10 dollars for a mixed drink with well liquor(tip included). 7. Parking. 10-15 parking spots in their lot. Yeah. 10 to 15 spots. For a bar that is usually packed to the brim with people. After the stores close down, you can park in the little strip mall parking lot around the corner. But again, there's always a cop car or motorcycle cop just sitting in that lot waiting for you to look like you're walking toward a car. 8. Wait staff sucks. It's always sucked. It's not really their attitude all the time(though it is sometimes). They hire like 3 or 4 girls(I'm not being sexist, they only hire females to do wait staff) to cover what's usually close to 1,000 people(maybe more? I'm not a good judge of actual numbers of people) all asking for booze at the same time. Don't even bother placing drink orders with them. Just walk up to the bar and pay with cash and then go back to your seat.  9. Bathrooms are horrendous. It's really hard to use the bathroom when there are 2 urinals and one stall for guys. Especially once 10pm rolls around and the holocaust-skinny hipster kids I mentioned above start vomiting in the stall and sink because they can't hold their booze and drinking in a college town means DRINK UNTIL YOU DIE. The blarney stone is all well and good until a dude takes a dump in there. 10. Climate control. Because of the patio setup, it's always too hot or too cold to be really comfortable, save for the few months per year here in the valley that the weather is really nice. It's still 90+ degrees at 11pm here 6 months out of the year. If you haven't been here? Don't bother going. You'll get suckered into meeting your friends for drinks for the next 6 years.
5	First five star rating. Everything was perfect. Ordered three appetizers for my girlfriend and myself along with a few drinks. Got a seafood combo which consisted of shrimp, oysters, and tuna. Really yum. Ordered the lobster cakes which were good but who can mess up lobster cakes? Last but not least, by far the best oysters I have ever tasted, the "Rockefellers". The name exceeds its quality. Unreal. The waiter warned me it would be a 45 minute wait for the oysters to be steamed and baked and the result was astoundingly impressive. Seemed as if I was tasting oysters combined with a cheese pizza. Good stuff! I will be going back.
4	I love the location and atmosphere of this place. It's dark inside with a dive bar feel and a huge open outside with plenty of misters to stay cool. My favorite item on the menu is the Rockefeller Oysters! It takes about 30 minutes to get them but they are worth the wait! They also have a full bar!
4	Seriously good oysters with real horseradish (which is very rare). Very relaxed atmosphere. A mix of Irish, American & even Southwest foods.
4	I can't speak to the food here, I've only ever had it drunk. Also, I've never ordered it, I've just stolen it from friends. If memory serves, the food was fine.But more importantly is the beer. It's reasonably priced. Also, the people-watching is great because the crowd is ridiculously hipster. Yes, I realise the irony at staring at a bunch of hipsters, feeling superior, and judging them, but I guess that's part of why I feel so at home here. In a way, aren't we all obnoxious hipsters who don't know how to dress?
1	If you like eating next to stray cats and tons of birds then this is your place!Food, service, parking and decor are horrible. The inside looks like a haunted house and the outside is a complete wreck. I literally had stray cats walking right past me while I was sitting outside. There were also tons of birds swooping down to get bits of food right next to me. Wow...just wow I couldn't believe it, I've never seen that before. I quickly paid my tab and got out of there. I cannot ever recommend this place. They should give Jon Taffer a call, because this place needs help.
1	I've been to Casey Moore's a few times. This past time will be my last time. I met up with a few of my buddies on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered some beer and some food and waited. And waited.....and waited. It wasn't very busy but out waitress apparently felt it was more important to serve other people in the area rather than us. It might have been because we didn't look like hipsters. Maybe we didn't have enough visible tattoos. Maybe because we don't have any facial piercings? We got plenty of attention from the feral cat that was walking around the place. Perhaps it was left behind from one of the many hippies that frequent this place. After our nice long wait for our food, the food was wrong. Our waitress was obviously bothered by our requests to get our food correct. I mean we did order the oysters and some sandwiches, clearly we were out of our minds for bothering our server and the kitchen staff to make the food properly. I forgot who ordered what but the sandwich was missing the bacon. We only got one round of beer, not because we only wanted one round, but because our server didn't bother asking if we wanted more. We would have pulled a dine and dash if our credit card wasn't being held on file for our tab. Between the lackluster food (the oysters are decent), the roaming animals, the dark and gloomy dining area, and the general craptacular wait staff, I'd say avoid this place. Unless you have very low expectations of what a bar/restaurant should be. But even then I think this place would disappoint.
2	Total disappointment.  When told two of our three entrees would take about 30 minutes to prepare we ordered appetizers.  They were brought to the table, along with the third entree which the waiter said "oh I forgot and entered this at the same time."  No offer to keep it warm until the other entrees arrived, but wait, why worry? Within minutes the two 30 minute entrees were on the table along with the appetizers.  A total mess.  And apparently there is a bread shortage if you order clams or escargot.  Two small pieces! When asked for additional bread, the waiter said "sure" and thats the last we saw of him.  Last time for us.
5	I come here for the oysters and get sucked into the chicken fingers every god damn time. It's a massive portion, they are a great value.  I got food baby octomom preggers at this place more times than I can count. This place kind of reminds me of a pirate ship. Also note: Hipsters dig this place.  That's all.PS: One time a dude walked in on a Sunday morning when I was trying to conceive and just said: "I'LL HAVE A DRAFT AND A PRIME RIB" in an old codger "I'm-not-fucking-around" voice.  It really set the mood.
3	I like the large patio but the seats and tables are really small on the patio. The food was really salty. We ordered the calamari and crab bites but couldn't eat them after a while.  The waitress was pretty prompt. The restrooms are really small and hard to find. Only thing I thought was nice was the wrap around outdoor seating. Parking really is a pain.
4	I don't know what all this talk about hipsters is about. I don't think I even know what constitutes a hipster, but I do know that I love Casey Moore's. Granted, I've never eaten anything here except for their oysters Rockefeller and potato skins (which were both pretty good) but I have spent many-a-night here, people-watching at the outside bar, enjoying an ice cold beer, and soaking up a few of our beautiful Arizona sunsets.The service is generally fantastic and the bar is never as crowded as the one's on Mill. And, to top it off, it's within walking distance of ASU!
4	I lived in Scottsdale for about 16 months and didn't make it here until my last week. Ugh... I wish I could have come here a few more times. The only reason I can't give it five stars is because I only tried one appetizer here and it wasn't oysters. I will be back one day and will update after I eat a meal here but for now, all you need to know is that this place is bad ass and just has a great vibe.My buddy Paul brought me and some friends here for a night cap. The place was hoppin' and  we got lucky enough to find a table that fit four out on the patio. Patios, as most Valley residents know, are a focal point of the AZ culture. If crab cakes and football are what Maryland does, then Patios and Spring Training are what Arizona does. Anyway, they got a good one, definitely come check it out. You will not be disappointed.
4	Really fun bar. We used to go here all the time in college and always had a good time. Lots of people ride their bikes up here and there's usually a pretty big crowd at night. I like the picnic tables that are outside on their patio. Good beer selection and they also have good food. I came here after I graduated from ASU and ordered the Hippie sandwich with extra jalapenos.... just be aware that those are raw because I was not and my mouth was on fire for the next 5-6 hours...no exaggeration. It's surrounded by a lot of trees so it kind of feels like you are somewhere else and keeps it cool. Hard to believe it is so close to Mill because the crowd is soooo different. This place is much more chill and casual and cheap. Good vibe here.
4	Great patio, really great food (tacos, salads, sandwiches, burgers...all my favs), strong drinks, friendly staff. Generally too hipster for my tastes, but worth it because it's a lot more chill than Mill Ave. and skews at least a little older. You can't beat this place!
3	This place was aight,$4 Beer specials were a pretty good deal but the sole reason I'm not rating this place any higher is because of the food. (Better options at 4Peaks and Santan)It was Underwhelming and Overpriced~ The ambiance of this place was nice thoughHad the Oyster Po Boy and well.... if you want seafood I guess one should move a bit closer to the W-Coast.
5	Great patio. Ice cold PBR - the bottle literally has a layer of ice on it. What more more could a girl want?! How about the best chicken fingers (no, they're not just for kids!) and great happy hour specials? Done! This is not a get in and get out type of place. You definitely want to come here with a group of great friends and stay for awhile. The crowd is great and the atmosphere is even better. I started off giving this place 4 stars just because I save my 5 star reviews for the best of the best, but as I started thinking about it more and more, I've never had a bad experience here! Definitely worthy of 5 stars!
4	Fabulous crab cakes and oysters.  Thus place feels like dining in a tree house with rock'n music. The patio is fun and casual.
4	Ridiculously packed on the weekends which makes it a bit annoying to go to if you're not into pushing through a lot of people but the bar seems to keep up with it well and the drinks were good and strong. A regular of the Reddit meet ups and for good reason I suppose.
4	I love the food here and the beer specialities are always fun. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food. It's definately got a good vibe and there's always a crowd. The patio area is really nice. But a word of caution, if you eat outdoors, be prepared to be swarmed by flies. We ended up moving inside after a few bites because they were all over us once the food arrived.The inside is nice but it's a tight squeeze. The decor cracks me up. I feel like everytime I go there I find a new sign to read or notice a new picture. The staff is great and the bartendars keep up the pace to get the drinks served quickly.
5	Best outdoor bar in Tempe. Excellent atmosphere. Super friendly neighborhood. Such a great environment.
5	Great place to hang out. Off Mill so it's not too loud and has a great vibe. The employees are great and the bartenders know how to make good drinks! If you're looking to go out and don't want to deal with the insanity of mill this is the place to go.
5	So good is the fish and chip! I like the outdoors bathrooms very much. In summer heat, outdoor tinkle is very good yes!
3	Once I walked in, i was greeted and had the option to seat myself wherever I pleased. I had trouble deciding so the waitress recommend the crab cakes and the spinach cheese baked oysters. I washed it down with age pear cider. Oh was it delish! The crab cakes came shortly and it was paired with an aioli tasting sauce. It was really a good combination and I would highly recommend it. It's the best crab cakes I've tried even compared to steelhead diner in Seattle. The oysters came in after 20 minutes after the warning did mention on the menu to allow for up to 35 minutes. It was delicious, but very rich to the taste. It had cheese and spinach and with a spritz of lemon it was just right! I came during happy hour and they knocked two dollars off my crab cakes or any appetizer and it all totaled up to 23 bucks including tax. It's fairly cheap. I would come here again! I am a big fan of fresh raw oysters so that would probably be my next purchase.
4	First time here....and Im sure it won't be the last!
5	They have a very nice patio . And of course it has a haunted feel to it.I love their oyster rockfeller, clams and  crab cakes.
4	Talk about a HUGE wrap around patio! wow! The lighting is kind of dark inside, but that's probably intentional for atmosphere. I ordered the basil and pesto linguini with chicken. It was good, but I was full after a few bites so I asked for a take out box. Unfortunatley, I didn't realize that I had left the box on the table until I got to my car. The box was gone when I came back in to ask for it so the manager had a whole new meal prepared for me. How could I not be happy with that? Hence, I was able to have three meals for the price of one. #happydiner
3	I came to Casey Moores with a mission. I was gonna drink beer. But what I got from this establishment was so much more. I was exposed to some kind of eclectic hipster meet. Hip neophytes that finally decided on a style or a lack thereof, that has settled on some kind of facial hair construction and to back that up with a shirt that clearly was suppose to be ironic, but which message totally was well over my head. My focus was beer to dull the senses. But enough about those on whom the old Jedi mind tricks work, the service was OK. The rest of the people here was interesting, if I do come back here it probably will be for the people. I didn't eat, but I have heard that they have great seafood. Maybe I will try that the next time.
4	I am in Tempe a number of times a year and I love this bar, staff are good, food is awesome. A little over priced but it is still the best bar in Tempe in my opinion.
5	I love that it feels like your hanging out in someone's backyard! Food was great and moderately priced. I loved the mozzarella sticks for an app. Always a great time at Casey Moores!
5	I love this place! It's hipster/motorcycle "bary" so I definitely feel out of place when I go there, but who cares! Their oysters are frikkin delicious! They are always soooo fresh and at $13 for a dozen, you can't beat that! Their horseradish is probably made from the devils flesh because it is so damn hot, but so damn good! It is probably my favorite place in Tempe.Go here. It's cheap. It's good. It's fresh.
3	Saw this on the map and yelp reviews were good so we tried this funky sounding place out for lunch on a weekday. We sat ouside and were quickly greeted. We had beers, an fried oyster app, a nice berry spinach salad and a eastern style fish sandwich that were all good. The only problem is the whole ordeal took an hour and fifteen minutes. There was a reason there were no business people there. So if you have the time, check it out. I bet this place has a whole different vibe at night.
3	This place has been a tradition for me since I was a baby and my mother would walk me over and feed me cole slaw. So, it's more loyalty than anything keeping me coming. I'm not part of any 'hip' crowd, so the people watching and atmosphere is foreign but enjoyable. The food has been sliding steadily downhill for years. They use to make that slaw by hand. Not anymore. But, they have a great selection. The service is subpar, almost notoriously so. Except at the bar. The bartenders and the drinks they serve are a reason to keep coming back. The patio is lovely all year around. Thomas the cat is a local celebrity. And, you can tell who's working by what music is being played. 3/5 stars: Loyalty and atmosphere keep me coming. Food is always a hit or miss. Service is always a miss. But with good company and a Guinness, who cares?
5	I enjoy going to Casey Moore's. It's a nice change from Mill Ave with a more relaxed environment, definitely full of hipsters. The prices and service are both pretty good but what really makes this place is the huge patio. Even when the place was packed after the homecoming game there was still plenty of room and it wasn't hard to get a drink. One of these days I'll come back for the food.
5	I've been hear at least four times. Each time was different, that can be a good thing and a bad thing. if you are a looking for a good time with poor friends who are stressed after a long and brutal ASU finals come here. if you are looking for burnouts and succinct points on trivial matters, such as sugar packet best used to trick unsuspecting coke users....look no longer. if you are open minded and to attached not to glitter and gold this is a place for fun. Don't come your hair or forget your plaid. and make sure to try the oysters, yes, try the Arizona oysters
3	Don't sit by the north east corner of the patio.   The bar blasts music that only the bartender seems to appreciate and the other side of the patio plays their own music.  You can barely hear the person next to you.  There is also a bad fly problem.  This is unfortunate because Caseys has one of the best patios in Tempe and good food/drinks.
5	Best bar in Tempe, hands down. Cool customers, cool servers, great service, delicious food, fun atmosphere. And they never mess up my black and blues when I order them! Their escargot and fresh oysters are bomb.
5	Been coming here for years and it never disappoints. I've tried many different desert oyster places around here and I must say this is my favorite. Very fresh and large oysters. Also love getting the shrimp plater. Nice and big. Large selection of beer and all at a great price.
4	I tired the oyster on and half shell for the first time and it was good. I used a little to much horse radish which was my own fault I ended up coughing and sneezing at the same time, think "nacho libre" that's what happened. They also make classy drinks like an old fashion or a Tom Collins. The beer is pretty good too, this place is a place for you if you like sea food as well as bar food beware of the random cats stalking around.
4	Pretty good selection of food. Ambiance is really nice. Edge of old Tempe neighborhood, it's a landmark and a great place To go to once in a while
5	Great place! Great oysters! I can't wait to go back again!
2	I have a previous review on here giving this place a good review.I've since changed my view on here the last while. They need to do some maintenance for a long time. Most of the hot weather last year they didn't have the misters working.The food is very hit and miss lately says a lot when the fries are the best thing to eat there lately. There is a door guy that really needs an attitude adjustment the older guy with white hair that is, The other guy with the dread is awesome and never have issues but the other guy seems to want to instigate a fight with people.I do love the crowd and that is the only reason to keep going back here, without this element it's just a bad imitation of an Irish bar. I will go back here but with these elements it will be very seldom that I will be willing to part my hard in $'s here.
4	Great local joint to hang out and grab a drink or a bite.  Excellent food and oysters.
5	My all time favorite bar of all time. I frequent here at least 3-4 times a week. I have been doing that for about 4 years now. I will never stop coming here. Amazing drinks, food, beer selection, and most off all the staff! Keep it up Casey's.
4	Great place to hang out after class/work, grab some grub, and have a drink.  Expect a lot of hipsters, smoke, and some dogs and cats.  Overall a unique atmosphere for the laid back folk and like to feel relaxed and right at home.
3	Great place to enjoy your afternoon after work. I used to go all the time then they changed the calamari from giant legit ones to tiny pieces of breading so I stopped going. I probably won't go back till they change that back. Other than that, the place has great food!
4	Excellent ambience. Excellent service. Food was yummy. As a Floridian turned Arizonian the shrimp was pretty tasty even though it was from Thailand. Pretty awesome place. Just don't get frustrated with the parking... It's worth the wait. Awesome once the sun sets.
5	I ran across a note from 2 years ago about a great Irish Oyster Pub in Tempe. As we pulled in the parking lot, we worried about finding a spot but there's plenty of parking!We went inside for lunch instead of the patio, & first off my husband saw the dart board! He definitely enjoys the darts!Then we ordered two beers & discussed the great little pub we didn't know about for years! What a charming, warm & unique place to enjoy a few hours!The food was served quickly, & we enjoyed the oysters, beers, soup, etc very much! It is on our radar now as a great place to go for a delicious meal & a pleasant time!!
3	It gets a little busy here, and although the food is good and the drinks are reasonably priced, I find it a little difficult to get service or even find a table.  I would stay away during the weekends, as it tends to be the same people going every time, and you will never find a seat. It is nice for a lunch during the week, and it does have a nice pub feel.  However, be warned that this is an obvious spot for the ironically hip.
5	A few of my close friends and I come here quite often when we feel like having a get together. (Which is usually once a week?) Chill atmosphere and variety of music i.e Punk Rock, Ska, Classic Rock, or Old School Rap will be heard playing. Never do they fail to provide excellent and friendly service! Bartenders and servers are always patient and strike up conversations with customers. Each day has their own drink special and draft selections are good!
5	My usual for lunch is their French Onion soup (which I still say is the best in AZ) and a small caesar salad w/ chicken.  They no longer offer the 1/2 salad and soup deal so your paying a bit more now-a-days but it's worth it.  Both are fabulous!  The caesar dressing is perfectly balanced and the chicken is always moist and flavorful.I took a cup of chicken noodle soup to a friend as I know their soups are always top notch and this one can heal anything that ails ya!Make sure you take advantage of the patio now while the weather is perfect!
3	Cheap, had 3 beers and they were only 3.50 each and they were IPA's all three of them.Found it odd that people could still smoke at a bar (from Wisconsin where you can't do that).  So I didn't know I was sitting between a guy who was smoking (I don't smoke) and talking on his phone to some event coordiantor and another guy who was chewing copenhagen and spitting in his glass and talking about scuba diving to another hipster who was chain smoking Camels at the end of the bar.  All very appealing.  I was clearly the elder in the bar by 20 years. Mostly hipsters and spinsters with tattoos, or talk of future tattoos, or considering a tattoo or just got piereced at a tattoo shop.  Either way there were tattoos...everywhere.Had the fish and chips. average.  Not spectacular.Still can't beleive you can smoke at a bar...wow...go AZ.
5	Did I just pee outside?  I think I just peed into a cascading waterfall deep in the wilderness. This place rocks.
5	I love this place. Lunch or dinner...consistent, rock solid service and food. I can't really think of a negative other than you get carded on Friday and Saturday nights. I've eaten and some high brow steak joints. The most recent was Shula's. I can honestly say it's the most expensive restaurant I've eaten at where the menu was a football. Here's my comparison. Dinner for two                                                   Casey Moore's                                       Shula's   Wine:       4 glasses             $30.0                                                      $70 Appetizer: Fried Calamari      $8.00                                                    $16                    12 Oysters           $10.00                                                    Not on the menuSalads:       House                 $10.00                                                     $30Steak:         9 oz tenderloins $50.00                                                    $130Desert:       Shared                   $8.00                                                     $ 20-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                  $116.00 + Tax & Tip                           $266 + Tax and TipTo be fair, Shula's is a fine dining restaurant and Casey Moore's is an Oyster House. You pay a premium for the ambiance and the aged beef. To be honest, the food is far better at Casey Moore's. I don't remember the wine choice but the retail of both wines were around the same. Just more than twice the price per glass.
5	This restaurant is amazing.  The ambiance is fantastic and the food is very reasonable.  A dozen Blue pointue point oysters for $13 is a deal.
5	Casey Moore, a hidden gem in down town Tempe Az area. I've been going here for about 6 years and still keep coming. Food is always good and always seems to have a nice group of people.
3	The food is okay, the service is alright and the beer selection is decent. I come here every now and then because a good portion of my friends are hipsters and they all tend to congregate at Casey's.The parking lot can be a pain at times but other than that, no real complaints.
5	If you love oysters, then you'll love Casey Moores. Great sized oysters for a great price. The horseradish on the side is simultaneously brutal & delicious. The patio has an awesome atmosphere with string lights and good music. Perfect place to have a beer and some oysters on a nice night in AZ!  Oh and I highly recommend the oysters rockefeller if you're not so into oysters on the half shell
5	Casey Moore's is the place we "stumbled into" years ago  back when Mill Avenue was not yet discovered by every crappy franchise in the Western world. The service, the food and the atmosphere keeps us coming back every time we are anywhere close to Tempe. Our cab fares to make it Casey Moore's last night (trust me, a GOOD idea when doing the MIll Avenue crawl which is, along with Bourbon Street, one of those places you can accidently discover that you are drunk) was far more than our tab and we enjoyed a full meal....with oysters...and a large variety of drinks, laughs and fun. Meredith and Jimmy, the bartenders (along with Dick?) know how to pour a drink, maintain a bill and keep things moving. The service has always been fast, the drinks are solid and fairly priced and you don't stay thirsty long. The food has been and continues to be a step above pub fare. Some of the other reviewers note that the house is now a local hipster gathering place, but I only mention that ironically (take a minute to get the joke). Seriously, though, in this day and age...this is one's issue with a place?Last night was probably my 25th visit to Case Moore's and for the 25th time we ended up meeting new friends, Adam and Vincent. This what I like best about this place, people on both sides of the bar are friendly, interesting and happy to be here.
2	Ate the fried oysters, and some BBQ wings. Oysters were pretty good this far out in the desert. The BBQ Ribs were slightly under cooked and a bit to mushy in my opinion. Not a big fan of taking a bite of poultry and getting a vein stuck in my teeth.
3	Stopped by randomly because we were in the area and craving oysters.  They checked ID at the door because it's also a bar, and we stood there like idiots for a while before being told that we can sit wherever we like.  We opted to sit outside, further away from the drunken middle-aged people at the bar, and the patio was quite nice.  Looks like a great place to have a few drinks and hang out.They have a pretty good deal on oysters--$12 for a dozen.  I didn't like these oysters as much as the ones I had gotten on the east coast, but they still satisfied our craving plus it's cheap.
3	We had the fried clam strips and calamari. The breading was a bit too thick and overcooked. Service was a bit slow but it was busy as it was Friday night. Most of the crowd seemed interested in the drinks but the food was good, and we got a great deal. All appetizers are $2 off during happy hour so the calamari was $8 and the fried clams were $5 . we tried the Oysters Rockefeller, and it was amazing.Great place for happy hour if you're not put off by an abundance of hipster college students that are smoking outside. I am not put off by this and I will definitely be back. I'll just avoid the fried foods.
4	Fun place to stop and have a beer. Unique atmosphere and good selection.
5	I love eating the raw oysters here.  The best tasting fresh oysters in the area.  Today I came for lunch and had the blacked catfish.  It was so heavenly.  I can't remember tasting catfish that good ... ever.  I've eaten seafood all over from Seattle to Miami to Hawaii and this blackened catfish was that good.  I thought I was in a dreamland.  I have eaten other dishes here.  I thought they were good quality but nothing out of the ordinary.During lunch, the place seems a bit empty compared to how crowded and packed it is on weekend nights.  Its really hard to find parking during those times unless you ride a motorcycle.  Weekend night crowd is mostly college crowd but lunch and happy hour crowd seems to be mixed with different kinds of people here.  Ambiance not that great during lunch because it seems too quiet and lonely but definitely a fun place on weekend nights if you are coming with friends for a good time.I always had good service here.  Waitress may be a little bit slow when it is really packed.
3	6 days and counting.I called CMOH to inquiry about having a dinner/event there. The woman who answered the phone (rough offshore oil man voice) attempted to answer my questions but wasn't the event coordinator. She took down my information and said she would place it in the box of the event coordinator. Still waiting for a call back...its been 6 days.The three star review is for at least someone answered the phone when I called.Great atmosphere and food. I've been here many times with friends but disappointed with this experience.
4	Always a fun atmosphere, and with in walking distance of ASU, yay! I've tried a few appetizers and drinks and it was all very good!
4	I have been here a number of times.  The service is always just ok (as in, most of the wait staff just always seems meh), the food is better than ok and the ambiance is what sells this place completely.  It has a pretty sweet wrap around patio / deck that is dog friendly, and the interior is just so cozy and kitschy that you can't help but enjoy yourself.  There is always an atmosphere at an Irish pub that cannot really be explained - and this place is no exception.  Yes, I tried their oysters, and they're tasty.  I especially enjoy it because it's near Mill, but not pretentious or trying too hard like most of Mill Ave tends to do.
3	Cool place, giant patio, cheap drinks.  Super artsy crowd and gets packed after 11. Great place to people watch but you have to get there early for a seat.
4	This really showed me a new side to Arizona I wasn't expecting. Fun crowd, cool environment, and great food. The burger was so satisfying. The fish and chips were also fantastic. Service was ok. But I liked this place a lot!
2	Well, considering the fact that the busser picked up a napkin from the floor and put it back on my table, I'm a little concerned about their adherence to health codes....thanks for the good gin and tonic and service (from the server) but no thanks ... no matter how close to work this place is I'm not coming back
5	Love love love the vibe of this place! The Oysters are my fave and the Spinach salad with berries. Have been coming here for 10 years and it has not changed one bit!
5	This is a Tempe staple. My favorite bar out this way. The drinks and strong and cheap, the staff is very attentive and quick, and the food is yummy! I always get the chicken strips with buffalo sauce. The best I've ever had. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Love this place.
3	Hold your breath and don't wear your good shoes, walk thru the ashtray patio and sit inside.  It is daaaaarrrrkkkk and kind a moldy, but the side room is actually kind a cozy and had suprising crisp white linens over the table top.  Just in for a very quick dinner pre horrible broadway show of Once (horrible because Gammage SUCKS for acoustics, not because of the lovely talented cast)...anyhoo..  Just had time for the New York steak sand.  Told the waitress we were in a hurry and she completely got us in and out.  Steak sand for $11 was tender and good.  Fries were hot and pub-like.  I would like to try the raw bar, but some dude claimed he got food poisoning this very same day (not sure if I believe his review as I read it around 2 pm and he claims to have had some oysters and has been throwing up every since...and I'm thinking.."You're upchucking, but have time to yelp about it??...hmmmm"  Anyway not sure if I would go back mostly because of the patio and the college hangout.  For raw bar..drive a little down the 17 to Pappadeaux's.  Muy Excellente!!
3	Surprisingly, the oysters are not very good. Decent place to grab a beer though.
1	If I could give zero stars I absolutely would.  First, we walked into a huge SMOKING patio trying to figure our where the non-smoking area was. It was horrifically smokey and there were no non-smoking patio. Then, we cannot figure out where the hostess is only to figure it out after asking the bartender who advised this unusually dressed guy who was sitting up against the wall drinking a pop.  He seats us.  The actual hostess walks up to us to tell us that she wasn't ready for us to sit as she wasn't done preparing the table. We advised her that the hostess seated us and she argued that she was the hostess.  Moving forward we get out waiter who ultimately took our order.  My boyfriend orders a chowder and we both get one. I tell the waiter I did not order a chowder. He argued that he was 'positive' that I did.  I don't eat chowder so I assured him I didn't.  Btw, chowder, according to my boyfriend was terrible.   I order oysters that were literally warm and had unusual black things in them and we thought they were bad so didn't finish.  I order the steak with brandy sauce. Sauce was literally cold and although the steak was good, it was barely warm.  Also, I didn't get butter for my potato and didn't see the waiter for at least ten minutes so I was done.  I asked them to remove the steak as I was done. My boyfriend got the oyster shooter and saiid it was literally the worst thing he had ever eaten in his life. We got the bill and it was an old freakin' fashion tab that you couldn't tell what you were paying for and what you were not paying for.  We paid and left.  Probably one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had.
5	Always been a favorite bar for my boyfriend & I . The vibe here is what I really look for in a bar- easy, no problems. The patio that wraps around the whole old house is really neat & really cool pond.Cold beer & oysters is what I come in for- every time great. Bartenders are really nice & chill . They are attentive & hold good polite convos. Only think that bummers me out is I am not closer to the location !
4	Not an oyster man myself, but a great hangout and great place to grab a drink. I loved their mozzarella sticks. But then again I'm a sucker for mozzarella sticks.
3	Pretty good food and nice atmosphere (especially when the frat packs go back home to Wisconsin or wherever  for the summer). Nothing incredible on the menu, but the burgers, sandwiches and fish and chips are pretty good, as are the oysters in season. Good beer also. Only complaint is during the day there always seem to be a lot of flies in the two inside dining areas. But otherwise, Caseys is as close as you will get to nice homey eastern style tavern out here in this land of chains restaurants with no ambiance.
3	I've had better oysters before. I like the atmosphere of this place. You should check it out if you're in the area and don't have anything else planned. Will most likely come back on my next trip to Arizona.
3	Stopped in for dinner tonight after reading mostly positive reviews. My quick take? not bad but not great either. Service was pretty prompt, food didn't take long, so those things were nice. I had the wings and a shrimp & avocado salad and wasn't blown away really by either, at least they had a decent beer selection though.
4	Welcome Hipsters, one and all. What can I say that hasn't already been said? I enjoy this place, it is open, busy, and when in Tempe it is one of the better places to go. Great beers and the food is actually damn good, go earlier if you are not trying to bump into the other patrons.
4	Food is all right, not my favorite, but it's a great bar!  Good selection of been, including some local brews.  The outdoor patio is popular year round, even in the summer (at night at least), and it's right next to mill.
4	Huge fan - love this place.  Great patio seating - good beer list and the food is good too.   Have been on several occasions for special events as well as small gatherings.  You have to get some oysters... try them with a stout.
5	I can walk there from my house; that's all the equity I need.- Great for intimate discussions or meeting new people.- Great for watching a game or having a beer with friends.- I tried my first mollusk there and survived...everyone else liked them.- Sometimes we rate people's attire (style, creativity points, etc.) for fun.You can smoke outside. By 10pm on a weekend it's pretty packed to show up before 8pm to get an outdoor table. Oh, and ride your bike or walk there like the rest of us, don't be a drunk driver please.
5	Met my friend for lunch. She picked the place. I decided I should try some sort of fish since it's a seafood restaurant. I had the fish and chips. It was delicious. The batter was nice and crispy and the fish was flaky and juicy not dry. Nothing worse than dry fish. Cole slaw ok fries were good. My friend had the chicken tacos. She said they were good. We both had dessert. Black Forest cake and Strawberry cake. Both were tasty. The service was very good. Our server was pleasant and checked on us a sufficient number of times to make sure we were happy.   I would definitely go back.
1	i guess my new thing will just be writing reviews about all the shitty bouncers at bars in tempe.back on st. patrick's day i was going into casey moores and as i was locking up my bike as i watched a bouncer beat up an innocent drunk guy, who was already out of the bar and on the sidewalk trying to leave. he was pushing the guy telling him to leave but pretty much wasn't letting him leave by grabbing his shirt and throwing him around. the drunk guy kept saying "i'm trying to leave, stop touching me!" the bouncer ended up throwing the guy against a car and punching him while he was on the road. then he dragged him onto the side walk and held his head by the hair and started hitting his head on the sidewalk. the bouncer was bleeding from the hand and when he noticed he started saying "you bit me, omg i you bit me! i love putting people in jail. you're going to jail" once the cops showed up they wanted my story since i was a witness. me and two other people gave the police our story. once the bouncers hand was washed off his cut was clearly not a bite. probably cut it while beating the guy up. anyway, i went into the bar to get a drink and i was told to leave because i talked to the cops. i guess the managers really support a roided up bouncer beating up an innocent drunk guy.SO fast forward 3-ish months and i go back to casey moores with some friends. i was there last night and GREAT the same bouncer is surprisingly still working there. when the night ended i was outside the bar in the parking lot and the bouncer comes up to me and whispers "if you fcking tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here" and i respond with "what??" and he says it again "you heard me. if you tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here. you're on a list you know" and then went into the bar. i hear the bouncer get crazy in the bar and start yelling and gathering staff and is talking and pointing at me. so i just stand there and wave.also great idea to make a scene like that in front of a parking lot full of people if you don't want me telling anyone.sorry bouncer. i told the internet about how shitty you are. maybe have some respect for people and talk to people nicely.i'm not sure what else to say but i wanted to tell my story about 2/5 of my experiences of ever going there. i'm fine with not being let back in, especially if they're going to keep staff like this around.BESIDES these incidents i've had good experiences here and the other staff is awesome. nice nice people.*the bouncer who did this was a Caucasian, short stalky guy kinda chubby, short brown hair, has a scruffy beard, usually has a backward baseball cap on.
2	I just cannot say too many good things about this place. It is busy all the time though so someone likes it.Looking back it has been here for at least 30 years. It is the College crowd that keeps it going for sure.The service is pretty bad, they do what they want to do and take their time about doing it as well.Oyster house,I would not trust eating seafood here my friend.It is more of a place to drink. Though yes, they do serve food.Nothing grat about Casey's . just an old place that people like to drink at.
2	Went on a week day for dinner. Service was so so and so was the food. Nothing to really brag about. Place is old and had a funky smell when you walk inside. I would say this is more a local watering hole then a restaurant.  There are better places to go then here for Oysters and other food.
3	The food is pretty good. The waitresses have always been inattentive though, even on slow nights. It seems like it always takes 10 minutes or more for them to get our drinks and our order.
5	Haven't been since they changed the size of their calamari to small ones. They have the big calamari again! The best!
5	Awesome patio. Good food. I always get the hippie sandwich or a salad which are both pretty good. Wine is usually mediocre.
5	I love this place! It never disappoints! Every time I come here, the food is great, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very kick back. Casey's gets a bit busy on the weekends, so if you don't want to stand, I would recommend arriving earlier in the night to grab an open table! When school is out, its a lot less busy! My favorite dishes here are the Chicken Pesto and the Escargot! The Chicken Pesto has a great seasoned pesto sauce, which compliments the grilled chicken breast very well, on top of linguine noodles, served with a side of garlic bread! Its amazzzzing! I have had the Escargot twice and I am not a huge snail fan, but the sauce Casey's serves the Escargot in, makes the dish!!! Squeeze some of the lemon on top of those snails and dig in! This dish also comes with 2 pieces of their yummy bread! Last of course I can finally say I had the Oysters!!! For my first time trying these, I was super nervous I would actually spit them out, lol, but to my surprise they were pretty tasty! Our server delivered a dozen to us, on a huge ice plate! We all dug in and everyone seemed to like them! Great place to kick back with your friends, have a drink and a yummy dinner!
4	I like the atmosphere and the service. They also show the world cup games. They have angry orchard on tap.Try their snake bite. It's delicious!
3	Great food, too many "hipsters" and service is slow
5	Love, love, love Casey Moore's!  It's a great spot for St. Patty's or just to grab some delish oysters.  Good beers on tap and the staff is always great.  If you are in Tempe you need to check this place out.
3	The food was spectacular.  The atmosphere outstanding. The service was lousy.  My waiter was almost nonexistent. Had to wait 15 minutes to get the check on a Saturday afternoon.
5	KC Morrs helps me drunk
5	I love Casey Moore's.  It's probably the best bar in Tempe and kinda hidden from Mill Ave.  It has more of a hipster vibe for sure.  The inside of the house at the bar is very cool.  The food is good but I mainly went there to drink with friends.
4	It's a really old establishment. I'm not the biggest fan of the design of this place. However, they have the most amazing oysters in the valley. They are really very delicious. Casey's is a great place if you want to ride your bikes and grab a quick serving of oysters. Yum!!
4	Casey Moore's is an awesome spot to stop in for lunch, or to swing by at night for a drink. The time of day you go definitely makes a difference in how busy the place will be though.If you're here to eat you have to try the escargot! Great selection on drinks too but can be a little pricey. Still worth stopping in though.
5	Love this place! Cool atmosphere, great outside patio, and fabulous food!
3	I like it more for hanging out and having a pint.
5	Casey Moore's is a tempe establishment that should be coronated as a historic place officially by the city so that it can never be changed.  This wonderful establishment has provided so many people with good times, meetups, delicious food, great service, and great beer and drinks that it should be awarded something like a statue to commemorate it's foundational usefulness.
3	I hate to give Casey's a 3 star rating. I love this bar, it's a great bar to go to with a big group of friends. Unfortunately on two separate occasions, the waiters gave themselves a tip that I did not authorize. On the first occasion, I paid with cash and the waitress did not give me back my full amount of change until I had to awkwardly mention it. On the second time, I decided to pay with my card to avoid any confusion. I paid with my card and left a cash tip. The waiter added an additional tip onto my receipt which I just noticed on my credit card statement. I had to spend 20 minutes on the phone disputing the charge which was a waste of my time. Disappointing, not sure how to pay there without getting duped somehow.
5	This was one my favorite places to go when I was living in AZ. I absolutely dreaded going to bars like El Hefi or Moonshine, I have always enjoyed a more laid back bar scene. Casey's has a massive outdoor patio with enough space for you to grab drinks with your friends and not EDM blasted into your ear.
4	This place is a Tempe staple and has a very nice, trendy, hipsterish atmosphere which attracts the young night life.  They have pretty solid oysters, sandwiches, and fish tacos.  It's a great spot to enjoy a beer and get some decent late night food.  When I'm in the area I usually stop by and grab something with friends.
4	Fish and chips were very good. Fish sandwich was very tasty. I was dissapointed  in the jumbo shrimp cocktail the shrimps seemed to be very small. Don't think it's worth the price but the server Alejandro  was friendly  and attentive and the oysters  were absolutely delicious. We'll be back to try other items on the menu!
4	Very chill atmosphere. The outdoor patio is amazing, especially in the evening hours. Although, on weekends, it does get quite busy; but that's expected.
3	I admittedly have only been for drinks, but the people watching is pretty excellent. It's pretty much a sociological experiment of all of Tempe's random populations...loitering outside over beer. Should you want to witness a bunch of bearded, hoodie wearing (when cold) dudes eye a group of obnoxious flowered-pants wearing co-eds, this place will fulfill all that and more. (I don't mean that obnoxiously, the people are generally very chill here.) So, drink up, order some food, and watch it all unfold.
4	Cheap Drinks, Great Atmosphere. When I was in my college years this was the place to be. Now I prefer this place for day drinks in the winter. At night it is pretty hard to find a seat. The food is pretty good too. I have had the hummus which is really good as a healthy bar snack. The fries are the best though! deeeeeelish!
5	A great place to hang out. Gets busy at night. Parking can be an issue when they're busy. Closest thing to a true Irish Pub I've found in Phoenix. Just sit and talk with friends while having a drink. Severs are always really nice. Food is just average. No GF menu but I've never had a problem with hamburgers and hotdogs (no bun) or steaks. Dog friendly too.
1	Bar tender takes $20 and gives back $5 when I ordered a drink worth $4.50.It was my bad that I didn't count when I took it. Just be careful when you go here.
5	Love Casey's. I've been going to Casey's for about 8 months consistently and have never been inside yet. Even during the summer Casey's patio is a comfortable place to enjoy a drink and bite to eat after work. Drinks are always in point as well as the food. At times service can get slow other than that never have had a problem. Casey's quickly became my neighborhood bar upon moving to Tempe.
4	I LOVE Casey Moore's. I have been there several times and I have always found something I like. Their seafood is to die for, which is saying something for Arizona! I love their french dip sandwich as well.
4	We've been here several times and really enjoy Casey Moore's.  Every time I'm in this neighborhood too, it makes me want to move out of stucco hell into a neighborhood that actually has some character and interesting homes.  Mr. M used to have a weekday off and we'd be those people that roll in around 1:30 or 2:00 in the afternoon and just hang out and drink and talk and share some food and have our own little slow food movement going on for a few hours.  It was nice.  Now, no more weekdays off.  I've enjoyed going on a few Friday nights after I get in to Sky Harbor, and having a few drinks and good food to wind down after a long work week.  We discovered the people watching is WAY better on weekend nights too!  Who knew?!?!?  I get a kick out of the old men eyeballing the young chicks who have their clothing positioned just so around their tattoos, the real hippies, not hipsters in their little costumes, but real hippies, and just generally a happy, chilled out crowd.  It's a cool place with good service, good food, and good patrons.  We haven't ordered anything we didn't like, but some favorites are the crab cakes, the steamed clams, the burgers, and any cocktail with Jameson in it.  Or just some Jameson.  Bring us the bottle.I finally saw one of those gnarly cats someone commented about.  DANG!  You're right.  Those things look like something else chewed on them and spit them out.  Or maybe the birds and cats have frequent smack downs by the dumpster.  I don't know, but if you sit outside you need to be ok with the wildlife hovering nearby.
3	An old house converted into a pub. Great outdoor seating. OK food though. Staying dry this month so didn't indulge in any libations. I enjoy restaurants which aren't in steel and stucco glass boxes so this place was nice and warm. I could be there for quite a while feeling like home.
3	Not sure how this place has four stars but it can't be for the food.  Had a dozen oysters and they just were not up to par.  Also the potato skins were just covered in cheese nothing much else.  The Reuben sandwich was pretty good so I gave them 3 stars cause the server was nice and attentive. I won't go back for the food.
4	Whenever I got to Casey's, I usually sit at the bar. The bartenders are always nice and they usually have some good beer selections. I've never had anything that I didn't like as per food from here. Someone got me hooked on the blackened shrimp tacos and I will never be the same! Side note: If you go in the afternoon, you'll be sure to see some dogs hanging out on the patio (: It's awesome. Woof woooof!
4	Been to Casey Moore's 100x over the past 12 years.  I enjoy the ambiance, patio, the location, the suds, and the food.  A great "hole in the wall" feeling place, but not.  Parking can be a little tight sometimes, but I would never let that deter me.  Love their oysters and marinara shrimp boat.  A solid Tempe pick.  Looking fwd to my next 100 visits!
2	The hubs and I had to try this place passed it several times. Had the oysters, calamari, halibut and ahi. Everything was pretty good. The only thing i wasn't a fan of were the cats in the dining room. I'm not a cat person and having them near food is unsanitary!
4	Casey Moore's is my personal first choice for a night out in Tempe. So many bars in the area have the typical rowdy college vibe, which is fine for some but not my thing. The atmosphere at Casey Moore's is relaxed and perfect if you want to have a good conversation with friends over drinks. The food is tasty and comparably priced to other dive bars in the area - not cheap, but fair quality. Casey Moore's does include an appetizer discount during their happy hour which saves you a couple bucks. Honestly if you're coming just for drinks, an appetizer plate will do a fine job as an add-on since they're really entrees in my eyes. Speaking of drinks, there are plenty of standards as well as microbrews on tap. The service on refills is speedy too. As a bonus, if you're like me and can't have gluten (or if you're not a beer person), Casey Moore's offers Angry Orchard hard cider on tap.Casey's is my favorite place. Definitely put it on your list if you'd like to avoid the typical Mill Avenue crowd.
4	Great place to sit on the patio with your dog and eat oysters on the half shell.  Cold beer and pretty good poor-boys.  Fried clams were just fair
3	For being an oyster house, one would think the oysters would be to die for. They are good but not great. Its definately a hippie hang out. Fun place but service isnt too prompt. Overall, ehhh, decent experience. I like the salt cellars oysters much better.
4	Crystal was fabulous. Advised combo applate night tacos with Mahi Mahi and steak.Had to come back for lunch. Corn beef and cabbage. Maker sure to get some of their signature horseradish. Comfort food with a snap. And a beer tastes good too
3	I had heard about Casey Moore's from many different friends, so I told myself I had to check it out. A friend of mine was having a stressful day, so we decided to check it out for the first time for a late lunch and some beer.We got there and I was immediately let down; the patio area looked like it hadn't been updated in a while and there were leaves strewn across the area. It just looked unkempt and dated, and it definitely didn't match the picture that my friends had painted in my head. We sat down outside and were immediately attacked by flies and mosquitoes. It just made for an irritating experience throughout the meal.The service was quick and friendly, and the bar was accessible. She ordered fish & chips and I got an oyster poboy. The food was good and the prices were average, so no complaints there. The overall experience was just not what it was built up to be.I'll have to head back here to try the Oysters Rockefeller, though!
3	Cheap drinks, good food and good atmosphere, but the service here is always just bad. Our waitress/waiters are usually short, unaccommodating and sometimes just plain rude. They'll disappear forever, making it difficult to order or get the check. On several occasions we've had to get up and wander around looking for our server. We keep coming back, so go for the first three things and don't expect much from the service.
5	I dig this place. Everything is on point. Seafood tastes fresh, and there is always a beer on special. The vibe is awesome, and the music selection is usually good. The wait staff is always really friendly.
4	Casey's is a taste of the Jersey shore tucked in a side street just south of downtown Tempe. I will be back! The only change I would make is the batter for the fried oysters. I would bring back their old batter. Corneal leaves a sandy feeling on the palate.
4	I came back a second time for happy hour with friends and can honestly say that I had an awesome experience this time around. We ordered oyster shooters without quite realizing what they were; they definitely aren't for the faint of heart! Peppered vodka, horseradish, cocktail sauce, and two oysters all served in an 8 ounce cup. I actually enjoyed it, but I can't say the same for one of the girls who took it.I got the Oysters Rockefeller this time around and they were amazing! I stole a couple raw oysters from my friends too, and walked away thoroughly impressed. Extra points for having Smithwicks on tap.
2	There must be something in the water. I'm not saying there's like some Dr. Strangelove Fluoridation conspiracy or anything. It's something less grandiose, something just barely beneath the surface, common and incognito. The Oysters. It has to be the oysters! For whatever reason, which for the life of me I cannot figure out, people in Tempe LOVE THEIR OYSTERS. Particularly the ones served from the local oyster house Casey Moore's. Nestled in the cultural hub of SUNI WOFAR at Ninth and Ash, the constant hum of the poorly aged, the tattooed and perma-service-industried are a testament to the ubiquitous appeal of their oysters. Never has an Irish sea-food joint catering to the left-leaning post-college-dropout been so successful at attracting the faux attractive. Though I admittedly am unfamiliar with what exactly it is that makes "Casey's" oysters stand at the apex of barnacle-cousin potential as the "Field of Dreams Principle"* proves itself true with the emergence of their salt-water invertebrates, I can't shake the feeling that their must be something in water; yes, in the very water that flows in pipes in the wall between "Blarney Stone" and kitchen. The Blarney Stone, for those unaware, is the unique semi-functional hardly sanitary piss-mist filled stall that has a permanently flowing fountain of water and patron-pee on a fake rock wall. It serves as the most practical option as it is about 10 feet wide with a back up moat that creeps about the floor so even the most shy guy doesn't have to worry about rogue droplets outing his poor post-fifth-beer-dribble-and-shake skills.  That concoction filtered through SNUS packs and popped zits and dip spit makes its way to the maybe-working drain and from there it goes somewhere, the sewer maybe. BUT NO! It couldn't just go to the sewer, not in place where its urinal is as "unique" as the patrons themselves - that don't at all look like a homogenous crowd of HTC and Cartel social graduates - we can't expect its drainage system to be as middle of the road as your run of the mill bar, no we must expect something grand and unimitatable.  So about the theory proposed prior: since oysters in their regular form are certainly not addictive enough to bring all those who fancy their flavor to run back week after week at any other establishment, Casey's must be doing something during the preparation of the shellfish. Remember the five expelled beers per patron and SNUS packs mentioned? Well obviously with alcohol and tobacco, two of the most addictive domestic substances, flowing seemingly infinitely through the veins of the structure, I'm quite sure those post body residual chemicals make their way through some fork in the road piping that runs in from the Blarney Stone and back out through the faucets in the kitchen and is then used to boil the oysters! That's what brings them back every Friday and Saturday night! Those literally addictive oysters! Because obviously nobody in their right non-addicted mind would ever fight tooth and nail, or stand uncomfortably up to thirty minutes, for a table where your knees bonk all the wrong people. But if you're looking to fuck a skateboarder, you've found the right bar. Vegans: They put Parmesan cheese on their fries so if that's your go to bar snack make sure and order them plain. Also I've gotten conflicting reports from servers about the veggie burgers being vegan or not. They might have egg in the buns. *Remember: "If you build it, they will come"? I'm sure something along the unfunny lines of "If you boil them, they will come" applies here.
4	Nearly everything is good here. Just avoid the clam chowder and corned beef & cabbage and you'll be fine.
4	The raw oysters were very good and reasonably priced. I would recommend them.As a bit of a change I also ordered the hot dog. It was perfectly done and very tasty.Good food and good prices.I will return when I am back in town.F
4	Spent a week in Tempe, and went to this out of the way restaurant twice. I ordered two entirely different types of meals, and both were quickly and perfectly prepared. Whether you are interested in drinks or in meals, the atmosphere is terrific and there is a large outdoor area. I highly recommend this to the chain restaurants that dominate Tempe.
4	een coming here for years and it's still my favorite place to get some oysters.Enjoy some clams strips and beers out on the patio. Great atmosphere!
4	A casual place to eat and drink in Tempe.  Lots of outdoor seating and is a great place to come with a group of peeps to eat, drink and be merry.
