3	One of the few good, reasonable places to eat in Vegas around Planet Hollywood.  The sandwiches are good and the prices are very reasonable (especially after you lose a few hundred at the casino).. We went there twice and 3 of the 4 sandwiches we tried were really good, one was OK.  Very efficient system also.. you order what you want and they make it fresh very quickly.. Save your money and eat there...
4	Very good sandwich. And only costs $6 in Las Vegas. Very cheap price. I love their Hawaiian sandwich and Jamaican jerky sandwich. So tasty.We even went back for another time. Another restaurant called Hawaiian Tropic is behind it. And we checked the price, it's 3 times higher. And the waitress clothes cloth is 3 times less.
5	Wow.  Amazing.  Delicious.  The top three words that come to mind when I think about this place.  I found it by accident while walking through Planet Hollywood on my way down the Strip and it was a great surprise.I had a turkey club (or something along those lines) and I expected something like you would get at Quizno's.  This is no Quizno's or normal toasted sandwich.  It was the most delicious thing I think I've ever had.Definitely a good choice.  They have fast service, friendly people, and a wide variety.  I hope they open more of these around the country.  I know they'd be welcome in Atlanta anytime!
4	I had a Turkey club and it was just want I need after 3 days of eating food at the convention center--yucky. All the sandos are toasted and fresh. It did take me a while to find the place, but once I did I was immediately satisfied. Priced well and filling--two things you do not find in Vegas that often. I will be back.
5	Wow.  If you want reasonably priced food on the prime part of the Strip this place is it.  You'll get a quality sandwich cheaper than the minimum bet on the blackjack table.We went here twice a day for the sandwiches and salads once we found it.  I  hope they open up in Northern California.
5	Damn delicious. Do yourself a favor and try one of these bad boys.Warm, fresh bread. I had a moozadell and tomato sandwich, and it was orgasmic. My fiance had the roast beef, and said that it was one of the best roast beef sandwiches he's ever had, and he's had a lot. The sister-in-law had the chicken and pineapple sandwich, and it was ridiculously good. She in fact goes here often, and says that they are consistently delicious.If I was unreasonable, I'd give this place less stars because I'm pissed it's not here. But I'm a reasonable chick, so I'll just go and open my own franchise.
4	We chose this place not because of the reviews, but because it was the closest to where we were standing. This restaurant is right at the entrance of the Miracle Mile, right across from Hawaiin Tropics restaurant. Glad we stopped here for lunch - the place is pretty affordable, and if you get a hot sandwich, food is pretty good! I thought I'd be disappointed, but the bread was all buttery and toasty, cheese melted, just in enough mayo. I think I ordered...shoot i forget. Turkey with cranberry? I didn't even end up finishing it because it was so filling!
5	It's nice to have a normal food in Vegas (read: neither overpriced buffet with long lines nor restaurants whose a meal would require you to take out a mortgage).  Found this place by accident (after refusing to wait for 30 minutes at Studio Cafe - MGM and boycotting Wolfgang Puck) and couldn't have been more glad.  Apprehensive at first at the "The Best Sandwich On Earth" slogan (or something to the extent), thinking that it might be a gross misrepresentation on their part.  Thank goodness the apprehension was unfounded.  Caribbean Jerk Chicken (I always find myself drawn toward anything that contains jalapeno or chili peppers) and oatmeal raisin cookie (ditto - anything sugary) was fantabulous, price-wise ($5.75) and taste-wise.
4	A good solid place to grab a sandwich.  All their sandwiches and salads are $5.95. I tasted the Original Roast Beef sandwich which was warm and gooey, and their cobb salad with chicken, bacon, cubed cheese, and ranch dressing. Both were enjoyable, but the gf said the sandwich was a little on the bland side.Its nice when you can bring in a 24oz margarita that you bought on the street, sit down and eat a nice hot meal with it, and no one looks at you funny.
5	$6 sandwiches in the middle of Planet Hollywood Casino?  Awesome!  We were originally going to eat at Hawaiian Tropics Zone across the hallway until I walked in and saw 6 guys getting served by two waiters.  really, who goes to HTZ to get male waiters.  Anyways, Earl's has great tasting sandwiches at a great price...you'll just have to deal with waiting in line to get your food as its fastfood style.  Not much for ambiance but extremely convenient and palatable.
4	have sandwiches been around for 250 years? sandwiches here are good considering the price. they are pretty fast, but if you arent there when they call your number, they will not call it again. the cupcakes are not worth eating. the ice cream sandwiches were out. i wish i could have tried them.
5	I dragged my friends down from the other end of the strip to try out this gem in Planet Hollywood.  We weren't disappointed.Ordering is very efficient, but since it's packed, the sandwiches take a little while to make.  No complaints though.I ordered an Earl's Club, which was really good, and a hefty but not too large size to keep me full (photo above).  All sandwiches are only $5.95, and everyone in my group loved theirs.  The bread is really good as is the sauce, meat, and everything else in the sandwiches.  I'd venture to say this was my best meal on this trip, factoring in taste and cost - not bad for a sandwich shop!
3	Though I don't like the casino and hope I never have to go back here, a toasted sandwich does hit the spot when you're hungover... Since there's nothing else quick around the casino, this place always has a line.
4	Leave it to me to go to Las Vegas - a Foodie Mecca - and order a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.  Granted, this sandwich was ordered while suffering from a food hangover from a fancy dinner tthe night before AND 6 am nachos earlier that morning, but work with me here and see me for the rough & tough PB&J (not P & BJ) gal that I be.$3.95 for a freaking sandwich.  What a bargain!  At the sandwich place by my office in San Francisco, this pretty little focaccia & peanut buttery goodness would have set me back ten big ones.  Instead, I left with almost six dollars to blow on the wheel-of-fortune slot machines that call my name in their sweet, sweet way.The $3.95 special was off the Kid's Menu, but I batted my eyelashes in an epileptic way that I haven't done since I ran a red light during my driving test and really, really, REALLY needed my license.Two PB&Js later, Lindsey and I headed up to our room to prepare for another chaotic evening. Unpretentious + Inexpensive = 4 peanut butter & jelly-filled stars
2	Huh.  Not understanding the enthusiasm about this place.I mean, OK.  It IS fast (counter service only) and cheap (by Vegas terms, anyway).  Sandwiches run about $6.  But they're not that great.  I had Le Frenchy, which is ham, brie, and dijon mustard.  It was OK, but I couldn't even detect the brie on the sandwich, which was the entire reason I ordered it in the first place.  Liz C. had the ultimate grilled cheese, which was supposed to have three different types of cheese on it (and bacon!), and you could barely detect the cheese on *her* sandwich.  The bread everyone is raving about tastes a lot like Schlotzsky's bread to me - which, you know, is fine, just not "special."  I also tried one of their cupcakes with sprinkles and it was kind of gross.  I've made yellow cakes out of a box that tasted better than this thing did.  Considering the culinary mecca that Vegas is supposed to be, I've had limited success at finding really great food here.  The Earl of Sandwich at least succeeds in being reasonably priced, but I can think of several sandwich places at home that could beat the Earl with both hands tied behind their back.
5	I might make going to earl a religious thing now when I come to vegas.  If you get a craving for a sandwich, this is the place to go.I had it again this weekend and it confirmed my previous visit when I remembered it to be really good.  The sandwiches are not overly priced (~$6), and they make for a delicious and refreshing lunch.  Even when the lines are long, it goes really fast because they have a good staff.  The sandwiches are really tasty...the bread they use tastes really well when its toasted.  This is a great option if you don't feel like eating at a buffet or when you want something quick to eat before you hit the road to go home.
4	After eating a $13 sandwich at Canter's, I went to Earl to see what the rave about this place was about. Eating at Earl is like shopping at the clearance rack, you still get some great stuff at like half the price.The sandwiches, although not big were delicious. The bread was perfectly toasted, very spongy and soft like a baby's butt. Everything else was what you would expect in a typical sandwich.Hot toasted sandwiches rule.
2	ok. im going to try to be fair to the earl. after all, it's not his fault that my feet hurt in my heels - which apparently got no traction on the highly-polished miracle mile (where this place is located) floors. it's not his fault that i ate shit -HARD- on the concrete floor, landing all knees and wrists and while walking with my boss no less. i concede that. it's not earl's fault that the miracle miles has the worst layout of all time, and an even worse "you are here" map, which led to even more risk of slipping and falling again as we wandered forever trying to find that wing it was stashed in.we finally found it and for being a sandwich place i was kind of disappointed. there were maybe 8 options (versus a dilly's which is similar in price and order and pick up at counter style). really, all i wanted was a french dip (or meat on a bun with meat juice, as i affectionately refer to it and order when i am starving). but i settled on a tturkey, tomato and brie and their "signature famous" lemonade. the food took kind of while to finally be ready, and by then i was bruised, starving, pouting that they didn't have a simple sandwich staple and pissed that i finally had to *buy* a $16 pair of flip flops because i really feared i would fall again trying to find the damn place.anyway, it was just ok, and about halfway through the most ear-piercing, loudest fucking siren went off right above our heads. the emergency lights started flashing and the sirens broke - briefly - for a robot voice to inform the stunned and deafened consumers that an alarm had been activated and the reason was being investigated. then back to the sirens! really? it was so loud i couldn't concentrate, let alone eat. we tossed the rest and got the eff out of there.all the disaster aside, the food wasn't good, the lemonade was terrible, and the options were pretty bland -slapping brie on every other sandwich doesn't really make it unique or skyrocket your eatery out of subway level, people.
4	For being on the strip, this place is cheap! Especially for the quality of food they have.The Full Montagu: Good. A little heavy on the mustard sauce, but tasty nonetheless.The Scudetto: My fave so far.I wouldn't go to Vegas just for a sandwich, but if I'm ever in the area, or if I'm by the one in Socal, I'll probably have to drop by and try their other sandwiches.
4	For someone who usually just stays on the strip, it's hard to find decent cheap eats(exception would be that 99 cent hotdog at slots a fun). The price of a sandwich isn't all that bad and the sandwich itself is ok(depends on what you get). I ordered 2 sandwiches, 2 bags of chips and a drink for under 20 bucks. Try finding that in the Bellagio?
4	Cheap food inside Planet Hollywood that is not bad. Me and my friend tried different sandwiches and found it to be pretty good and for about 6 bucks you cant get any better.Sandwiches are run through a toaster like at Quiznos and came out nice and toasty. We ordered the sandwiches by name and liked what came on the sandwishes standard.
4	Oh I love the sandwich!  It was suprisingly good.  I wouldn't say it's the best of the world as they advertised, but it's certianly up there.  We went back twice when we were in Vegas, and we had the original sandwich.  The bread is very nicely toasted and just the right amount of crunchness.  The roast beef is really tender and hearty.  Their soups are really good too, especially the chicken chowder.  And lastly, gotta get their fresh fruits, only $1.95 and they are very fresh and tasty.  I would certainly go there again.
3	Had the house sanwich, and it was yummy.  I would go there again.
4	After waking up after a long Friday night of drinking and dancing I was starving the next morning. Located downstairs on the casino level @ Planet Hollywood is a place called Earl of Sandwich which served hand's down the best TUNA MELT I have ever had. It's a freshly made albacore tuna salad and melted swiss cheese on artisan baked bread. It was so good that before I called it a night on Saturday, I picked up another TUNA MELT and ate it in our room. Seriously... I think there was crack in there it was so good.
4	It's rare to find a place to eat in a casino that's under $10 pp, and actually tastes pretty good. The sandwiches are actually delicious, filling, and a decent value considering you're on the freaking strip.
4	I stumbled across this place by accident. I must admit I did not have high expectations, the food in casinos is usually not that good. I was hungry and in a hurry and this place had a small line that moved quickly. I was in no particular mood that day and ordered at random. My selection was The Full Montagu, a sandwich comprised of roast beef, roast turkey, swiss & sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce.  The sandwich is served hot and toasty. It was excellent! The combination of meats, cheeses, and sauce was well balanced. The sandwiches here are different and a refreshing change from Quiznos, Togos, or Subway.
4	We came to "The Earl" by accident. First we were in another casino, I really can't remember which one and it was past "dinner" time but we hadn't really eaten dinner so we wanted something to eat.  We looked up and saw a sign for a deli type place and it was actually called "Snacks".  We got in line at Snacks and it didn't move for like 5 minutes, which when you're drunk and you want fries that's way too long!  Plus the prices at Snacks were ridic.  So we said screw it, let's go somewhere else.  Somehow we ended up at Planet Hollywood and were looking for somewhere to get food.  That's how we found The Earl.  So we walk up to the counter, I didn't even notice the prices until after I ordered.  Great prices for Vegas!  So I ordered like a grilled cheese type sandwich and my friend ordered a Tuna wrap.  Both were delicious!  I must admit that cheese in my sandwich was probably not a good idea a little later that night BUT that doesn't change the fact that the sandwich was really outstanding!  And Cheap! And Fast!   I'm really even lucky I remember what this place was even called!  Oh Vegas...
4	Great sandwich to have when you are just in the mood for some quick grub. It's very filling. Can't beat the price and the location. If you love to people watch just sit facing Hawaiian Tropic.
3	This place was good but not great, and also not bad.  I think that equates to three stars.  It is definitely a nice option in the sea of casino food you normally encounter.  I thought the prices were reasonable and the food was dependable.  I was thrilled to see that I could get a Cobb salad and it was pretty good despite being somewhat different from other Cobb salads I've had.  It had no avocado but had cranberries and two types of cheeses which were in chunks in the salad (I actually kinda like the cheesy chunks).  It hit the spot and was good.My friend had the Cobb salad in a wrap which she also enjoyed.  We were able to order and get food very quickly, and there is a coupon for 10% off in the book you get when you sign up for Planet Hollywood's players' club.  We had no problem finding a table.  The food is served in very handy little carrying bags that you could also take to go to another hotel or back to your room at PH, if so desired.I would return here if I was nearby.  It's inexpensive and dependable, and it's not a sit-down meal which makes it convenient.  I am not sure I would travel too far to get here but I would go here again if in the area.  I also will add that I should return to actually try a sandwich since that really does seem to be their main thing.
4	Located inside of the Planet Hollywood casino/hotel, good place to stop and eat.Came here in May, so I forget what I ordered, but I remembered it was good enough where I started to crave it after. Wait was a bit long, but tolerable.I'd come back, and I probably will. MMM!!
5	BEST SANDWICH EVER.Came here on a whim because I couldn't find pink's hot dogs, but I sooo do not regret this decision. Makes me want to get 10 sandwiches next time I'm in Vegas just so I can savor it. I had the caprese sandwich, and my friends had the hawaiian one with pineapple. While there's was tasty, mine was DELISH. The bread is perfect and toasted, and definitely hit the spot. Makes me drool just thinking about it.......
4	Minus one star for putting tomatoes on my sandwich and then for the Einsteins working there who took about 15 minutes to fix it for me.  Once they got my club sandwich right though, it was very good.  I enjoyed the potato salad, too.  My husband's hawaiian bbq sandwich was gobbled right up, too.  Would definitely go back!
4	One of the best fast food HOT sandwich joints (I had the Montago) I've been too, not too much sauce, enough meat that is of good sliced quality. I like the idea of having the red square pager system to alert you that your food is ready to be picked up at the counter, so you're not just standing around.
4	I'm usually not a big fan of hot sandwiches, but Earl of Sandwich inside Planet Hollywood may have converted me.  They feature a dozen different hot-pressed sandwiches, salads and wraps. I chose the Full Montagu which had roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar cheeses and a spicy mustard. Delicioso! The sandwich alone filled me up, but I did see they had kettle-cooked chips and their own freshly-squeezed lemonade. This definitely hit the spot after a long flight from the east coast.
3	Ordered their special which consisted of turkey, gravy, and stuffing all on a sandwich. It was good. Not great, but not bad either. I've had better. Had a bag of jalepeno chips and a Newcastle along with the sandwich.
4	My stomach grumbles as I write this review.Having heard good things from fellow Vegas-ers, we wandered around the mall for quite a while before locating this place.  I got the Club, which was a reasonably good sandwich, but nothing spectacular.  My friend got the Holiday Sandwich, which was what I imagine Heaven to be like, if it were square with little bits of cranberry sauce dripping off the side.  I only had one bite, but that bite is almost good enough to make me take another flight back to vegas.  I wish the other sandwiches were as good, but maybe that is just "the one" that will blow all others out of the water.
5	Original, Extra Horseradish sauce, Worcestershire Steak Sauce amazing!Best sandwiches in Vegas!
3	Their sandwiches sound really good on paper but once they hit my mouth, it wasn't as good as I wanted them to be.  It could be that we didn't eat them right away.  They serve mainly Hot Sandwiches here so I think you should be eating them right away but we were in a hurry to get somewhere so we didn't have that luxury.  I may try them again at some point but the next time, I will eat it right out of the kitchen.  Their prices are cheap but their sandwiches are smaller too.  They remind me of an Americanized "Vietnamese Sandwich Shop"  But just so everyone knows, their prices are not Vietnamese style cheap ($3.50-$4).  They were more like ($5.50-$6.00) from what I remember.   Definitely have had better toasted sandwiches in San Francisco though....
4	We stumbled upon this place at Planet Hollywood one Sunday evening after not getting into a show (thanks a lot Trader Vic's!) and vowed to come back and try it. So while most people are enjoying family dinner's Christmas eve, we decided to walk the strip and headed back to this place for some grub. The menu looks very vanilla. However, our sandwiches were anything but ordinary. Husband got holiday special which was like Thanksgiving dinner with all the fixings on their bread. I got The Earl's Club and had a When Harry Met Sally moment eating this sandwich. So freaking good--and I KNOW turkey sandwiches. I think the most amazing part is their bread. It looks all white and doughy before it goes in and then when you get your sandwich it has been perfectly toasted and is scrumptious. We actually took some friend's back there the weekend after Christmas for a repeat performance. And a repeat it was... so good. Be warned: these sandwiches take a bit of time and both times there was a pretty good wait. However, with the exceptional quality of the sandwich and bonus price of only $5.95, you can wait.
5	I'm a big fan of tuna melts. I am a GROUPIE of Earl's TUNA MELT!!!!! *note* do not try their tuna melt if you don't want to disappoint yourself by trying to find a place that beats this tuna melt...EARL, when do you plan to bring your sandwiches to San Jose..PS:  thank you for an Awesome one night melt , Earl.
5	Usually tuna melts are disgusting - too much melted cheese which covers up the taste of the actual tuna part, it tastes all fattening and you feel gross in the end. but being a pescatarian, i only had one option - the tuna melt.To my surprise, it was the best tuna melt i have ever had. There wasn't too much cheese that it overpowered the sandwich; i could taste the tuna and it was light and flavorful, which was a new experience for me; and the best part was the bread - delicious, the right texture, and enhanced the greatness of this sandwich overall.In Vegas, I know I'm gonna spend  and lose a lot of money because i'm a terrible gambler since slot machines are so hypnotizing and i'm the unluckiest person you would ever meet, so this sandwich helped me stay fed in Vegas - its very affordable, especially by Las Vegas standards. I came here for multiple meals because of that and it was close by to the Paris, which is where i was staying (it's in Planet Hollywood.)If you gotta eat, but you wanna save as much money as you can for the tables, come here for a quick bite.5 stars!!
5	Holy f**k their sandwiches are pretty damn good! I touched down in Vegas last Thursday around 2PM and I was f**king hungry. Since my friends and I were staying in Paris, I remember this place had opened up in Planet Hollywood, but I never got around to going. Thanks to Jeffrey L. and Clarisse C., I was reminded of this place too. So I made the short walk from Paris to try this out. I liked the fact that the line wasn't long at all, but there were a fair amount of customers. For a little over 6 bucks, I started off with the Montagu. I also like the efficiency on how orders are made, with the two separate order/pickup sections, and the ability to see your sandwich being made. Little did I know that this sandwich would pack a lot of flavor. There was a fair portion of ingredients in between the bread, and the bread itself was perfectly baked. I savored every bite, but apparently I enjoyed this place so much I ended up buying 7 sandwiches over the course of the weekend, 2 of them which I brought home that following Sunday. Over the weekend, I also tried the Italian/Scudetto and the club. I really think any sandwich here will hit the spot. You also get your money's worth, and for Vegas, its kinda cheap. Who needs the buffets? Actually, I do like buffets, but Earl's is the spot to go when you're on a budget. Try this place for the bread alone. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Though I wish they had a location in the Bay Area, I like its exclusivity and I also would like to preserve its novelty. Word. Cheerio.
5	Upon my arrival in Vegas my friends Jeffrey L and Clarisse C, suggested that we go to Earl's.  They usually know the best spots to eat, so I trusted their judgement for this.I ordered the hawaiian bbq, and was completely in love with it!  I figured the bread might get soggy because of the sauce, but it wasn't at all!  The bread was tasty too, and very light.  I became quite the fan and made frequent visits here on my trip.I tried the Caprese sandwich which is basically slices of mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.  This by far was my absolute favorite sandwich there.  The vinagerette was perfect with the melted cheese and the tomatoes were just perfect!  Price was decent too, if you're on a budget for food in Vegas, I'd definitely suggest Earl's, there are plenty of choices to choose from, and you'll want to try just about everything on the menu!
5	The story is same as before, it was nearly a year since I was here and the first thing out of my mouth was LET'S GO TO EARL'S SANDWICH!I believe we basically gave that place all it's business the days of Jan 15th-18th...so if you're reading this..hook it up maybe? Send some sandwiches this way?This place is so good, that when my BF lost the second half of my sandwich, my life was almost over, until I made him go get me another one as I piled up the winnings on roulette.I WANT ONE NOW
5	I LOVE EARL OF SANDWICH!!! I have no idea how they make their bread. It is soooooooooooo good. It is always perfect. I love everything I have tried here. Also, it is crazy how cheap it is for being on the Strip. I always randomly think about eating here.My sandwich of choice is the Full Montagu. I think it has something to do with the Earl's Mustard. It really brings the sandwich together. I recommend everyone to try it at least once. I guarantee you will be back.
5	Earl of Sandwich...    I am still drooling over the sandwiches my boyfriend and I had shared. We wanted to get a quick bite to eat and Earl is located at Planet Hollywood. My boyfriend always makes a stop at Earl's every time he's in Vegas. He knows I am a huge food buff, so he shared this excellent sandwich shop with me. That afternoon, Earl's had a special sandwhich, which was a BBQ brisket sandwhich; we ordered that and a Full Montagu. I remember standing in line trying to decide what to order, when I got a glimpse of the bread. I was thinking to myself, "why is the bread not cooked or brown?" It's because they toast the bread on both sides. It's so delicious and nothing compares to that light, toasty sandwich. I wish there was an Earl's around LA. I would go there everyday for lunch! The price is about $6 a sandwich which is good for something so tasty. My boyfriend and I shared the 2 sandwiches, so I had a taste of both. Next time when I am in Vegas, I will be stopping there and having their sandwiches.
5	I'm just craving the tuna melt right now..that's all.  *sigh*
5	LOVE Earl of Sandwich!!!! My husband and I make this one of our stops every time we're in Vegas! The last time we were in town we stopped by Earl of Sandwich 3 or 4 times I think. Yummy sandwiches, good hours, good service most of the time, best food value in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino! I'm craving it now!!! I may have to stop by on my way to the airport next time and bring some home with me. =) You think i'm kidding lol.  Highly recommend you try every sandwich on the menu once....well, as many as you can lol.  The Caribbean Jerk Chicken is amazing! The American and The Original 1762 are tops on my list also. And make sure to save room for one of their delicious ice cream cookie sandwiches!
3	A little too heavy for my tastes...but yes, as you can tell from other reviews, it's an economical meal if you happen to be in Planet Hollywood or Miracle Mile. I don't like my sandwiches as oily as they are here, and my stomach couldn't take much more after the first half of the sandwich. But I must say, the other half kept well for the rest of the day and made for good absorbent material in my tummy before that night's pre-party ;-).Bottom line for me: If you need to grab a bite and keep walking for lunch, I'd definitely mention this place.
4	Earl of Sandwich is simple, fresh, and convenient. We stopped here for our last bite before leaving Vegas. While walking through the (boring) Miracle Mile shops of Planet Hollywood the day before, the name of this place caught our attention. Vlad is the sandwich lover in this relationship, so I knew we were going to have to try this place eventually. First of all, the deli-style ordering is great if you want to grab a quick bite without the wait service. I also like that once you order, they give you a pager that vibrates when your order is ready, which keeps the line moving instead of having to impatiently wait at the counter or listen for your order number. Vlad ordered one of the signature sandwiches with their homemade artisan bread, which looked like some warm carby deliciousness. He loved it. I ordered a flatbread wrap - delicious. The actual flatbread tasted unlike any other flatbread I've had before. Not too tortilla-like, not to bread-like. It was like really really thin, fresh pizza dough.YES I gave in to carbs, and YES it was worth it!
4	We walked about 5 miles in search of food before stumbling upon this. I don't know if it was the booze, or the being starving, or if this place was actually good, but I'm pretty sure it was.I got a tuna melt, who orders those? Anyway, I also got tomato soup, which was super creamy and poured it all over my sangwich. Nom nom!Boy got some kind of jerk chicken sammich that was pretty alright, but there was no cheese on it so it wasn't doing much for me.Its open pretty late and the service is fast.
5	This is definitely a new favorite. They definitely know how to make a good sandwich, do it well and to do it quick. Awesome sandwiches, and at only $5.75 each, they are a steal for being on the strip in Planet Hollywood. I complain a lot when sandwich places jip you with too much bread, but here, the bread was the best part! It's a crispy, almost english muffin-type bread and when toasted and warm its delicious. They do toasted sandwiches but Quizno's would be the mere fly on the stick compared to Earls. The seating is very nice like a bistro and the service is especially efficient and speedy. I tried the original roast beef sandwich and it was the most tender and tasty roast beef.
4	This is definitely a place to eat on the strip. We stumbled upon this place while walking though miracle mile shops. Surprisingly the sandwiches were reasonably priced at $5.75. I had the Caprese sandwich while my fiance had the Cannonball (meatball) sandwich. All the ingredients taste so fresh and they make your sandwich on the spot! The bread was toasted to perfection, crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside! We both enjoyed our meal here so much and we had to come back for a second round the next day!
4	Perfect way to start a day, that is if your day started at noon, which mine did.  This is Vegas of course so noon is actually early!  Had the Cannonballs! meatball sandwich and it was quite tasty, perfect ratio of marinara sauce to meat.  Service was fast as when we got there the line snaked almost to the casino area but they took care of us in about 5 minutes.  Quizno's has nothing on Earl of Sandwich, that's for sure!  Best sandwich I've had in a long, long while.  Don't forget to grab their chewy chocolate chip cookies for dessert as it was very very good.
4	This place is definitely worthy of a 4 star recovery food lunch or late night snack depending on when you need to recover from a savage night in Vegas. I had the Jerk Chicken, Tuna Melt, and the Turkey club style. The best thing is the sauce and bread! Off the heezy and freshly baked. I couldn't believe they don't have these in Cali! The jerk chicken was my favorite but the trick is to swap halves with a homie and try them all! I reccomend this spot for sure and it's in Planet Hollywood by the miracle mile mall.... I'm definitely a diehard fan when in paradise!
4	Ok, I worked in the Planet Hollywood for a month and this place always put out great sandwiches and speedy service. Granted after a month of their sandwiches I had moved to their salads, I am actually looking forward to going back to Planet Hollywood to sample any new creations from the Earl. It's just what you're looking for if you can't sit down at many of the other locations in and around Vegas. Check it out and say hey if you're in the PH in April, I'll be there all month!Come on out and enjoy a sandwich from the Earl, then spend some cash at the Miracle Mile!
4	A $6 HIDDEN GEM ON THE VEGAS STRIP!!!I love toasted sandwiches....this is no exception. Thanks to my boyfriend who has been raving about this place since his early Feb visit to Vegas, I finally got to check this place out over the weekend. It's located in Planet Hollywood right along the mall.YUMMMM!!! The bread oh my gosh, soft and crispy at the same time. I devoured my shares in minutes and was tempted to get another one. I tried 3 sandwiches in one sitting (yup the best way to do it is split yours and trade with others). The signature club was my favorite....Didn't like the roast beef and hawaiian all that much....but still loved that bread. YOU MUST GET A SANDWICH HERE!!! IT CLAIMS TO BE THE BEST...CAN'T ARGUE WITH THAT SINCE IT'S DEFINITELY UP THERE. AT SUCH A REASONABLE PRICE...THIS IS ADDED TO MY VEGAS MUST HIT LIST!!!Quick. Cheap. Easy. Tasty. (Convinced yet?)
4	I had a typical sandwich but I can't say that I remember exactly.  The lines are long in the morning, during lunch and of course during dinner.  You can expect a Quiznos type experience and all for the low price of about $7.00 or so.  It's a great place to walk into breakfast as you come off your drunken winning streak from the $10 craps table.  In 4 days, I went here twice.  It's easy, convenient for those that stay that Planet Hollywood, and it's a satisfying experience.  Check it out!
4	Just found out the best thing in the world... when there's a long line.... call the order in and it'll be ready in 4 minutes.... sweet eh? And try their Mantgu sandwich it's delicious. Enjoy the new news!
4	We were out and about looking for a sandwich and we just came across Earl of Sandwich. It was meant to be!I had the Caprese sandwich and my friend got the original. We sat in silence eating for about five minutes and just enjoyed our sandwiches. That is when you know something is good!The caprese sandwich was the right mix of cheese, tomato and balsamic. It wasn't too much liquid which can happen quite often with this type of sandwich.I was also really surprised at how much I liked that bread. Toasty, soft and warm. How can you go wrong with that?!
2	I'm not familiar with the Earl of Sandwich chain, but the whole Tudor imagery thing seems so very 70's. And yet somehow it appears less ludicrous in Vegas where everything has to have some theme no matter how contrived. This busy sammie shop is in the middle of the hubbub of activity in the Planet Hollywood's never-ending Miracle Mile Shopping Center. Gee, maybe it would have helped to have the staff dress like a cut-rate Masterpiece Theater production of "The Six Wives of Henry VIII" because the food deserved a beheading. OK, it wasn't that bad ...just unexceptional. It reminds me of the equally mediocre Cosi chain in New York where they serve up sandwiches between flattened, toasted buns over-doused with dressing. I had the Veggie, which had feta cheese, lettuce, a Roma tomato, cucumber, red onion, roasted red peppers & Mediterranean dressing (see my photo). I just remember that it was mostly wet and turning quickly into a sponge as I was munching it. The Tomato Soup almost saved it, but it was scorching hot...why oh why do chains always do that? FOOD - 2 stars...unexceptional veggie sammie...off to the gallows with you and Anne Boleyn AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...one busy mall with jiggling masses of cornbelt tourists in heaven here SERVICE - 2.5 stars...it's just a line and a tray TOTAL - 2 stars...the Earl needs to be exiled to Togo's
4	This place is perfect in so many ways. First of all...you're in Vegas, where money has lost all meaning and last week's paycheck looks like the next few poker chips. Naturally the ridiculously expensive food doesn't make things any better, especially if you're like my group of friends that likes to do (at least) one get-all-fancied-up dinner and a buffet or two. Plus that entire smorgasboard of alcohol everywhere...what's the point in paying 10+ for lunch? That could be your next double down. Or perhaps a last minute all-on-red. Now Earl's is a life-saver. It's great sandwiches...I mean delicious when you're non-alchied, and even delicious-er when you're nicely alchied up. I got the Montagu, roast beef, turkey, brie, mmmm. And it's all for less than 6 bucks!!! LESS THAN 6 BUCKS. I was so amazed. This is much better than blowing 30+ at Serendipitys for lunch. (They're great for dessert, not so much on food). It's right outside Planet Hollywood casino, which has Prive...one of the better clubs and sometimes decent tables. They were not so loving this last weekend though. Anyway, go to Earl's for hangover food. Go to Earls for lunch, go to Earl's for late night munchies, and go to Earl's to sit down and get all those gamblin' jitters out of your system before you go back and blow next week's paycheck too.
4	Solid 4 stars. I asked the cashier what they were known for and she recommended the full montagu. What made it amazing was the bread! It was toasted, so it was slightly crunchy. Usually when I eat sandwiches I take off a little piece of bread since it's so filling, but this sandwich made me want to eat more bread. 4 stars because the inside was just roast beef with turkey and grey poupon. If you take out the bread, I don't think it would be as good.
5	WTF?  If this is supposed to be what a sandwich is supposed to taste like, it's no wonder why England conquered the world for hundreds of years.  It's all in the bread. . . I would honestly drive from LA to Las Vegas just for the sandwich. . . .  Five stars doesn't do this place justice.
4	Don't feel like buffet? Don't feel like paying $$$ for an entree? are you in a hurry to watch a show? clubbing? gambling? or whatever it is...if you're just hungry and you want something simple & quick...then stop by at Earl of Sandwich, just inside of PH..near the Hawaiian Tropic entrance passage way.the sandwich is good, fresh, the bread is toasted crunchy on the outside. It's a good quick meal.
4	I agree with everyone that has reviewed this place and praised it for being delicious and still on the cheaper side in Vegas. The sandwiches are perfect for a midday snack if you're looking for something to tide you over until you fully indulge at the buffet later that night. It's like a  Quiznos with its own twist on serving stuff between two slices of bread. On my next trip to Vegas, I will surely be visiting the Earl again, if not multiple times. Fully worth checking out if you're near Planet Hollywood.
5	Apryl and I found this place on Yelp while sitting in our hotel room after a long night of drinking and partying. With our hangovers in desperate need of some meat and bread, we grabbed a cab to Planet Hollywood and Earl of Sandwich.I never thought of a sandwich as something that needed to be "invented"... How hard is it to see, bread, meat, bread? Supposedly, the same family of the original sandwich inventor owns this sandwich chain... I was unsure until I bit into my Full Montagu. Delicious!The bread was great. The meat was piled just high enough, not too obnoxious and not too skimpy. The condiments and veggies were just the right touch. Definitely worth the cab ride up. Another bonus: their menu, no matter the sandwich, is all the same price. Slightly more expensive than Subway and way less expensive than Quiznos!
5	Excellent sandwiches...wish they have a place in LA. If you are looking for a quick bite...stop by PH for a sandwich.
4	Depending on which hotel you stay at in Vegas, you are sure to be bombarded with advertisements of their in house attractions. Most of the time it's their shows, their buffets, they're world class restaurants... That's why when I stayed at Planet Hollywood last week, I had a Laugh Out Loud moment when I kept seeing this 'Earl Of Sandwich' sandwich shop promotion everywhere. I mean seriously, from the moment you walk into Planet Hollywood at check-in... to the elevator rides up... to the adverts in your room... they keep promoting a sandwich shop? LOL.Well guess what, all the adverts worked and I finally gave in to try this place on my last night in Vegas- and i'm very glad i did! The sandwich was actually awesome! I got the 'All American'... thick slices of turkey, visibly fresh lettuce and tomato, melted American and Swiss cheese on toasted bread, all topped off with cranberry sauce... Maybe it's because i was far from home and had been sick of eating buffets all week long- this sandwich just stood out as delicious. Be sure to use the coupon found in your VIP booklet! I think it's buy one get one free? I grabbed another one before i checked out the next morning for the long drive home ;) A 4 star Sandwich Shop.
4	The bread is utterly fantastic.  The sandwiches are tasty and the prices are reasonable.  It may take a little longer than Subway or Quiznos but trust me, it's worth it (you even get a beeper that buzzes when your sandwich is ready).  Earl of Sandwich needs to open a ton of new locations ASAP.
4	My boyfriend and I were on our way to see the Phantom of the Opera (my second time in less than 6 months and I don't even live in Vegas) at the Venetian and wanted to grab a quick dinner. We were staying at the Planet Hollywood and were walking through the casino towards the car when we decided to stand in line at Earl of sandwich for what appeared to pass as a reasonable deli food. Bare in mind, I hate wasting tummy space on anything that tastes ordinary. The sandwich was filling but not too heavy sandwich. And it was ready in 5 minutes! The warm soft bread was delicious. Who would have thought that a sandwich shop next to the Planet Hollywood sports book would be cheap and tasty! We liked it so much we actually came here again the next afternoon for lunch. I believe I had the Full Montague both times.I'll probably make s stop there on my next Vegas trip this 4th of July weekend!!!
5	We chanced upon this place during a recent stay at the Planet Hollywood... and were pleasantly surprised with how good these sandwiches were!We tried the tuna melt and roast beef and both were really yummy.  But I'd have to say the best part of the sandwich was the toasty, buttery bun...  Can't get anything close to this in LA =(  so I'll have to stop by here next time we're in LV.
4	i am so wow-ed at how soft the bread is in on the inside and crunchy (but not hard!) on the outside.  on top of that, the bread is hot and steaming! i liked the lemonade iced tea, tooi would definitely come back here again since the prices are SO good for vegas..! next time i will eat my sandwich to-go while waiting in line to play Planet Hollywood's huge slot machine next door. Each day, you can go pull the slot machine once to test your chance to win 2 million.. Do you know how many Earl Sandwiches that is!?! And if you don't win the 2 mill, every one always wins something! Sometimes free slot play, a deck of cards, a hat.. whatevs!
4	I am positive that I am like most of the reviewers of the hidden away "Earl of Sandwich Shop" or maybe just the  "Duke of Earl."( for all you 60s' music fans out there )What a sandwich shop .....and like everyone else we all just happended on to it.I enjoyed it so much I came back for a second try - I knew it  could just not be this good  ... but it was,and right in the Planet Hollywood.I sampled the Tuna melt and the Meatball and found them to be excellent.I tried the club sandwich and it was good - but not as good as the other two.If you think hot hogie style sandwiches will hit he spot - then the Earl of  Sandwich is for you.A nice treat after walking that Miracle Mile of shopping.
4	If people playing playing poker says this place is good, by golly, they are right.I wasp laying a tournament and when one guy mentioned he was hungry, the rest of the table started to feel hungry. Someone mentioned Earl of sandwich and we all wanted it.On our first break, a few players went to get it, but came back 10 minutes later with a sad look. They didn't have enough time to order and needed to be back at the table.Glad I had a chance to eat here last year. For less than $10, you get a great sandwich, a drink and maybe chips. In Vegas, that is a great price.The bread is fresh and good. Don't let the size fool you, the taste alone is worth it.
4	i declare ye ~ delicious.
4	Came here with some family after deciding not to eat at hawaiian tropics right across. I ordered the american (turkey, veggies, cheddar cheese, cranberry sauce, and buttermilk sauce) toasted on a nice ciabatta like bun.  It was really good and had a nice balance of flavor with the cranberries and sauce.Everyone else got the meatball sandwich and they really enjoyed it one of my uncles got the jerk chicken which he didn't really like because he said the soup tasted better. The prices are right for $6.43 a sandwhich. Overall id come here again to try another good sammie.
5	We stumbled across the Earl of Sandwich when we were looking for a spot to have a light lunch. We weren't interested in a gut busting buffet or a really expensive cafe. Sandwiches are reasonable in the $6-$7 range and it's definitely worth it!! Earl's has the best hot sandwiches in Vegas, hands down!!I had the Montagu (roast beef, turkey, swiss, american) and it was superb. There's something about the bread that they use and how well it toasts and melts all the ingredients together. My friends had the Caprice (all veggie) and the Meatball and all three was awesome. I also tried their broccoli and cheddar soup and that too was amazing. Lunch came out to $12 which is pretty good for lunch on the strip. My only gripe is that the nearest Earl to SoCal is in Vegas. Looks like I'll be making extra trips to Sin City....
3	Not going to lie, I wasn't expecting much from this place. I came into the line thinking "It's a sandwich, how good can I be?" I went there both times and got the meatball sandwich both times.So the first time, I was wrong. It was so good, the bread was crispy and soft and delicious.However, the second time, the meat so incredibly salty.I could've been really hungry.I could've been tipsy.I could've been both.I don't know but thats why it's only 3 stars.
5	This place gets 5 stars from me because they have delicious foods and it's very affordable.  My husband ordered The Original 1762 (Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce) and he loved it so much that we had to go back there the following day and I had The Earl's Cobb Wrap (Grilled Chicken, Smoked Bacon, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Field Greens & Romaine, Roma Tomato, Cucumber, Cranberries & Buttermilk Ranch Dressing).  I thought it was strange to add cranberries to a wrap but it added a lot of sweetness.  The sandwiches/salads and wraps are $5.95/each which is a great deal and they are open 24 hours a day.
5	I'm so glad this place was in the PH where we stayed.  Almost every morning I stopped by here for one of there breakfast sandwiches and a cup of coffee.  There sandwiches are very filling and only $4.  And if you want to be cheap like I was, keep your coffee cup and take it down with you in the morning to save paying $2 each day for a cup of coffee.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 8 of many reviewsHUNGER!!!!!!After a night of drinking debauchery I find myself hungry as hell. Low and behold there is this shop that is still open after hours and ready and willing to feed my alcohol induced hunger. Fortunately there wasn't much of a line however there is an extensive list. Then again anything beyond 5 items to a drunk is to be considered an extensive list. And unfortunately it doesn't help if they are unable to make the single tuna melt that I had ordered. Not wanting to wait any longer I ordered the first sandwich on the list.... which I have no recollection of what it is called. I can't tell you whether it was good. I can however tell you though that by the time I woke up that it was all gone... as was my shirt... as was my hunger... as was my buzz...and dignity. ;D
5	We were hungry, and we had just spent a ton of money shopping at the Miracle Mile mall.  So we wanted something cheap.iPhone + Yelp + one $ sign + Planet Hollywood = Earl of SandwichIt was the highest rated one dollar sign restaurant in the area, and it definitely deserves it.  I had "the Original," which is simply a roast beef sandwich.  However, their execution is perfect.  The fresh baked bread is soft and delicious.  The cheese and horseradish sauce perfectly accompany the juicy roast beef.  Dip a little mustard or steak sauce if you like, and BAM... perfection.  DAMN, I could eat another one of those right now!
4	I eat at the Earl of Sandwich about once a month because I work close to the place and enjoy what they have to offer every time! If you want a quick bite to eat that is better then subway or anything close to that then this is the place on the strip!!
4	I ordered "The Full Montagu" which included roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato. It was tasty and the bread was good. At $6, I think it's a very good value on the strip. It is on the smaller side but serves well as a light lunch before you hit the buffets for dinner. It is also open 24 hours so if you need a late snack, you can pick up a sandwich on the way instead of ordering overpriced room service.
4	The only reason it is 4 is because we felt a little rushed by the staff to order. I got the Earl club =yum. Mom got the Full Montague= good but needed mayo, not just mustard.  Also got a fruit cup to share & a soda for me. Grand total $17.05!! Awesome!  Def will go back there for lunch again.
4	Was recommended this place by a friend. It was a pretty good. The price was right, and the sandwich was pretty packed. It's not like a quiznos where they give you a dinky little portion of meat. This sandwich was packed for the price. I give it one star less because my friend said he's experienced better. I will need to try it again to give it that last star. Overall good value considering everything else in Vegas was so expensive.
5	Best sandwiches I have ever had!!! I eat here every time I'm in Vegas. I was in Vegas last week for three days and went every single day. Their tuna melt is out of this world -- ask them to add mustard to it -- YUM! The bread is killer and it's only $5.95 for any sandwich and open 24 hours. I'm never up early enough for breakfast which is only served until 11am (why is it always like that in Vegas?!? Who is up that early in Vegas?) but I'm dying to try it!
5	Oh bar of gold that is an Earl of Sandwich. I had your delciousness twice in one Vegas trip for and your soda friend that came with unlimted refills. My sister said you got cold halfway through finishing and had you retoasted. EOS:Whore.
5	Great place to go if you want a quick cheap bite to eat.I had a hot italian sandwich that was absolutely delicious and only 6 bucks, a rare find in Vegas.  They absolutely packed it with plenty of meat.  My fiancee had a caesar wrap that was pretty decent too.  Don't go to McDonalds when u can pay the same price and go here.
5	My favorite part about Vegas (and it's also a fav for all my friends too) is going to this amazing sandwich joint at the Miracle Mile Mall. It's quite possibly the best thing to eat after a night of shitfaced hammerisms and/or clubbing. Nothing greasy and heavy, just pure sandwich heaven. What tops it off is that it comes wrapped in gold and so it looks like a gold bullion because of the sandwich's brick shape. And of course it should because that hunk of whichery is effing golden! I always get the Carribean Jerk Chicken and it never fails me. The bread is this rectangular cut, well toasted sponge bread. I detected some little bell peppers and a tinge of spice in the sauce which satisfied the buds. I also had Broccoli Cheddar soup and it was a bit thin but I could tell they threw some black pepper in there to make things a bit more exciting. The only complaints I have are A) They need to start making more shit! and B) It is a bit expensive (you'll walk away spending $12 for a sammich, soup and drink). Other than that, it's absolute perfection!Oh one last complaint, there's only three locations and only the Vegas location is supposed to cater to everybody on the West Coast. Eff you Earl. Eff you for your greediness by hoarding your gold bars of delicious sandwiches.
5	2nd time around and it reminded me how great the sandwich tastes. The crispyness of the bread, the generous portion of meat in the sandwich. it's a place to stop by when you're in vegas and feeling hungry but not hungry enough for a buffet nor willing to pay the pricey meals in a sit down restaurant.my favorite: the montagu's ... man, now i want one for lunch.hey, it turns out that this place is now opened 24hrs! if only i knew i would have came here for a quick bite at 2am instead of going to McD's.
3	+1 star for opening 24 hours. great for that midnight snack, or sandwich cravings after a night of partying.+1 star for affordability. because vegas isn't cheap and almost everyone spends a little more than they anticipate, this place makes you feel a little better after dropping a couple hundred at the tables.+1 star for their freshness and food. what makes these sandwiches good is that they are each made to order, and are very warm when you get them. i've had the hawaiian, and the american. i prefer the american w/ sliced turkey and cheese topped with cranberries. it was a tad salty though.+1 star for it's presentation. i like the gold wrapping, as it makes me feel like i'm opening something very special and expensive.but...-1 star for their service. i waited over 10 mins for my sandwich while my friends were chowing down. went up to the pick up area, and they didn't even make it because apparently "it didn't even make it into the system." so i had to wait an additional 4-5 minutes. i didn't get any apologies, and was about to complain. i guess at least one of the guys was kind enough to hook it up w/ a sandwich that was made but someone didn't want. 2 for the price of 1. props to that guy...
4	it's one of the few places on the strip where i feel like the quality of the food justifies the otherwise high price for what you're buying.for like $7 you get a really well made and tasty sandwich.  the secret is definitely the bread.  it's not the standard piece of a bread you can buy at costco.  i'll definitely eat here again.
4	Who would've thought that Las Vegas would be ever known for their sandwiches? Well I believe now they are after tasting "Earl of Sandwich" in the Planet Hollywood hotel and casino. I ordered "The Full Montagu" and it was a hot roast beef sandwich with turkey, swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, and the infamous "Earl's mustard sauce." I opted out for the tomatoes because I feel that tomatoes can tend to overpower my sandwich with it's juiciness at times...too much juice can make the sandwich loose;) Anyhoo, I also tried the "Earl's grey lemonade" and it was pretty good, not too sweet. Most people might say that the best part of a sandwich is the meat or the sauce, but I believe that it was the "Earl's artisan bread" that did it for me. It was sturdy enough to hold the meat and toppings in nicely, yet soft enough to keep from getting soggy. So the next time you are in Vegas and don't want to do the usual buffet, then get yourself a sandwich at "Earl of Sandwich!"
5	Alright sandwiches are basically my number one favorite food of all time so when i found out there was a gourmet sandwich place in our hotel i was SUPER excited.The first sandwich i tried was the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. It was soo good. The bread is just ridiculously buttery with a nice toast on the outside. The jerk chicken was perfectly spicy and I didn't find any fatty pieces. It was yummy!Next sandwich I tried was the italian...the meat a lil lacking and it wasn't really the best italian that i have ever had. Tuna Salad Mediterrean Wrap was reallly good. The flat bread they use is perfect. Much better then using a tortilla. The tuna salad was a lil too mayonaisey.The pasta salad, potato salad, and brownies are fabulous. The pasta salad is a lil sweet and only 1.55! Perfect little portion.The line looks so long sometimes, but your sandwich never takes longer then 10 mins after you pay. The prices are cheaper then subway and the sandwiches are 10x better!
5	This was the first time I've ever had it. And it won't be the last. After some epic times in the hotel room back in TI, my friends and I made our long journey down the strip to PH. An hour and a half worth of walking through tons and tons of people, we got to PH and went to the restaurant at 1 in the morning. My friend that went there before recommended that I try the montague, and boy I was pleasantly surprised. The panini crumbled into small little pieces of heavenly goodness as I bit into the sandwich. The cheese, meat, and THE SAUCE they had was for less of word...exquisite. If there's a restaurant that you would have to visit, for a unique taste that is UNIQUE to Vegas, Earl of Sandwich would be it.
5	Did some research and found this place on Yelp. I decided this is where we were going to eat lunch. Our flight got in at 12, by the time we checked in and started walking toward Planet Hollywood where this is located, it was 3 p.m. and we were famished, so this place better be worth it, specially when we were walking and you could smell every food imaginable.We got there placed our order and Yelpers sure as hell did not disappoint! I got the Earl Club: turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato and special sandwich sauce. Oh my was this yummy, the sandwich was warmed to the perfect temperature, the bread was the perfect crunchy yummy goodness, and the inside of it left nothing else to be desired. What I most loved was that the sandwich kept its shape the whole way through and never got messy. I had worked up an appetite and this really hit the spot. I'm glad I made the sacrifice to walk the two miles, because it was sure worth it!
5	As far as sandwiches go...A+++ The Hawaiian is outstanding. Ham Chicken pineapple and barbecue sauce! Incredible! Fast service. Perfect bread the meat and what not was full but wasn't an overflowing mess. Melted in your mouth and the bread was crisp just to perfection. Did I mention 24HRs? I will drive to Vegas just for one of these! So good that i don't even remember the price and I don't care about the nutritional facts.
4	Woke up on a Sunday morning in Las Vegas....hungry & thirsty.  I try to avoid buffets at all costs.  Also wanted something fast without subjecting myself to fastfood.  OK...my options were limited...luckly the earl of sandwich was open.I had the veggie with feta, lettuce, roma tomato, cucumber, red onion, roasted red peppers & mediterranean dressing.  It was great...just what I needed.  The BF had the caribbean jerk chicken - grilled chicken, roasted red & banana peppers & spicy jerk sauce, which was great also.This place was pretty busy but they were fast.  Your sandwich made to order, then warmed.  Conveniently opened 24 hrs!!  No wonder we saw people walking around the casino w/ these sandwiches.  They do have limited seating & it is located inside Planet Hollywood.
4	A few of my friends and I had a late night bite here on Saturday.Italian sandwich: 4/5 - It was still good when I ate it the next day cold.Service: 3/5Ambience: 2/5
3	We were excited to try Earl of Sandwich b/c we had heard it was really good. Its located inside Planet Hollywood, or I think you can get to it eventually through the Miracle Mile shops too.We ordered the Full Montague and the Italian. Decent sandwiches, kinda small for the price they charge you.  The Italian came with a variety of meats like salami, ham and mortadella. It was topped with tomatoes and a vinaigrette type dressing. The Full Montague had roast beef, turkey, cheese, tomatoes. The bread was really good, they were hot sammys, so it came toasted. The sammys weren't bad, they just weren't anything special. I think I am spoiled by what I can get at back at home.Overall an ok sandwich, but I don't think I need to come back again.
3	Wow I really wanted to give them a higher star but in this case the service overpowered the fabulous sandwich. I could not help but think of the rude service I received while enjoying my to go order without a fork or condiments! I must say the food is great but the manager needs to watch his employees and how they treat the guest! Go for it if you like a good sandwich but beware if you like good service!
4	My husband and I ate at the restaurant on our last day in Vegas.  (This past Friday.) We noticed how they had a variety of breakfast and lunch/dinner items at a reasonable price and decided to check this place out. We both ate there at a reasonable price -- I had the Cobb Salad Wrap and he had the Ham & Swiss Biscuit. Just having that item and a drink was enough to fill you up. Too bad we dont have any of these in Ohio! =(
4	I finally got a chance to try an Italian sandwich from Earl of Sandwich while in Vegas and it was good, but only because of the bread! They are pretty skimp on the meat and the actual sandwich size is pretty small. The bread was delicious- warm and a tad bit crunchy...
4	Okayyy. Admittedly, the first time I ate here I was pretty drunko, To be honest, I can't even remember the specific sandwich I ordered; I just know there was turkey and cheese in it, and some other things. (Yeah, that helps.) I just know that it was DELICIOUS enough to somehow encourage me to call room service the next night at like 3:00 a.m. with drunken munchies, politely asking if Earl of Sandwich could do room service. Sadly (and from a sober viewpoint, obviously), they didn't. But if my taste bud memory was in enough withdrawal to crave this exact product in a tipsy state after dancing it up, I would say this place is pretty friggen' tasty. I'll be going back to Vegas this weekend and since I'm staying in PH again, am bound to have another taste - I'll post a more accurate review sometime afterward. Hopefully. ;)
4	This place made me miss my friends wedding when I was in Vegas. Figuring the ceremony would be insanely boring, I decided to try this place. It was pretty good. Great, quick food. Bread was soft and everything tasted fresh. The tables were clean, but the soda fountain was unkempt. Will stop by again for sure.
5	what a nice operation. it's a sandwich place, so no 4 course, candlelight, fine dining experience(a classy quick bite establishment). extensive menu & heaps of choices on the beverages. inexpensive & hella-tasty. i  believe this is a chain from the east coast; it's creators are perfectionists because this biz model is friggin perfect.  i like the way you order, pay & get a buzzer to pick up. i had the 'original'  which has roast beef, cheddar, tasty horseradish spread & other ingredients i forget.  also gotta soup(potato/bacon) & their version of palmer lemonaid/ice tea--all for under $12.   can't wait to go back.  could easily become a LV strip tradition for me & buds.
4	Bizarre how Earl of Sandwich is located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel in Las Vegas, because this place is neither Hollywood glamour or Vegas sin; it gives more of the down-to-earth home feel.The Full Montagu (roasted beef, turkey, swiss & cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomato & Earl's mustard) is near sandwich PERFECTION. If you need an extra kick, all the tables are stocked with grey poupon, which I'm a total sucker for. The bf had Cannonballs! (meatballs, marinara, mozzarella & parmesan cheese), which was a little salty, but still delish when hot. Then again, meatball sandwiches were never my thing.If like me, you need your sandwich with a side of soup, this place offers a few soups to choose from. I had the broccoli and cheese soup, which comes with oyster crackers if you ask for them. It had nice bite-sized chunks of broccoli and wasn't too thick.To finish it off, we tried the ice cream sandwich made with Ghirardelli chocolate. The top layer of brownie was good, but the ice cream wasn't creamy enough and the bottom layer was cake, which felt kind of cheap.The best part about it is that the prices are totally reasonable and comparable to national sandwich chains. The sandwiches are all $5.95 and soups $2.95. And don't think you're going to get cheated with a shot glass of soup. It was an honest bowl-sized portion, and definitely more than what you'd get at the other chains. In addition, it offers a variety of fruit cups, parfaits, potato salads, cookies, chips and the like. You can have a full meal for under $10 in Vegas. Unheard of!
4	Okay the manager was kind enough to look over my review and was very apologetic and addressed the problem I had... great job on management and most defiantly won me over!
5	One of my friends suggested this place for our late lunch after arriving in Vegas since she had been here before. She couldn't remember exactly where it was located and the directory said it was inside the hotel and casino so we went inside running around trying to find it. If you want to try this place, enter from the shops entrance and keep walking straight, you'll eventually run into it.I ordered the caprese salad since I had a pb&j sandwich on the plane already but I tried a little big of my friend's Earl's Club sandwich and oh man, it was so good! The sandwich was hot, the bread was so soft, and the sauce had a little bit of sweetness which made for a great burst of flavor. My  other friend ordered the Earl Cobb salad wrap and that looked pretty good too. She also got the tomato soup which came with croutons already in the soup. I'm not a big tomato soup fan unless there's a grilled cheese sandwich for me to dip into, but I tried a piece of the croutons with the soup on it and man, I think it was the best tomato soup I've ever tried. I don't even like tomato soup! How about that for good food? My other friend had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich which also looked good as well. I will definitely come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas and make sure not to eat before coming because I want one of the sandwiches and the tomato soup as well. Try this place! You'll love it!
5	Earl is far and away the best, least expensive meal you can get in Vegas, or anywhere, for that matter. The good reviews hit it all...bomb bread, everything is fresh, and exceptionally good service.  I am so glad to see they're open 24/7 now b/c last time I was sorely disappointed when we went there to eat our last meal and it was closed.  Good thing I'll be there in 3 weeks...oh, Earl, I cannot wait to be satisfied again!!!
4	These sandwiches are a must in vegas!  I came here with a couple friends after a night of partying at the pure night club and these sandwiches cured our hangovers!  I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken which consisted of Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce for only $6!  (pretty cheap for vegas food) I really enjoyed all the tasty flavors and the consistency of the chicken.  the only thing i didn't like was that there was a bit too much bread.  but..im definitely coming back here!
4	One of the Best Sandwich shops out there, just wish there were more of them and they were more convenient. The bread makes the sandwich. I had the original and my wife had the BLT. Both will be ordered again. We finished with the ice cream/brownie sandwich which was decadent. Next trip will be to the one at Walt Disney World in December, like i said they are few and far between.
4	My family told me how amazing Earl of Sandwich was, and I kept writing them off.  It's a generic sandwich place.  Inside a casino.  Pass.  But then I found myself at Planet Hollywood and a friend of mine was hungry, so I told him to try it.  He ate a sandwich and was surprised how good it was, too.Next time I found myself at the PH, I made a point to try it.  I ordered The Original 1762, which is a roast beef sandwich with horseradish sauce.  It was just as good as people have been saying.  Just a tasty sandwich on delicious bread for a great price, especially as we were on the strip.  I'm not going to drive down just to eat here, but I will try to snag this sandwich again if I'm in the area.
5	Earl of Sandwich sets the NEW benchmark for freshly pre-made sandwiches.  My favourite is their All American sandwich which was very tasty and it had an interesting blend of sweetness. My second favourite sandwich is their The Full Montagu - a tasty hearty classic sandwich which is perfect for meat and cheese lovers.  They serve decent tomato soups - I don't recommend it as it taste like instant packaged soups. When I visited Vegas, I ate at Earl of Sandwich almost everyday! I witnessed two supervisors regularly overseeing the staff making the sandwiches.  Therefore, the sandwiches turn out to be very high quality is very consistant. Sandwiches were always very warm, packaged in aluminum packaging, and high quality ingredients are used. I'm very impressed with the quality of the sandwiches and this place is the place to eat if you want something reasonably priced and tasty!Earl of Sandwich should be introduced to Canada. I am sure a lot of people are sick of Subway and Quizno's because Earl of Sandwich sets the new benchmark for tasty sandwiches
4	This is the place you should stop and eat for a quick meal on the strip! While we stayed at PH, we were going to find some idea for restaurants and we saw Earl of Sandwich. Soon we end up giving it a try, and we are both very satisfied.I was so amazed how great the hot sandwich it tasted and it's only $5.99 before tax. Their drinks - include hot coffee, hot tea and fountain drinks - are reasonably priced at $1.99. We ordered a Cannonball and an all American, a bag of chips, two drinks, and that's all less than $20! Wow, was I on the strip?!The all American sandwich is made of turkey with a special blend of cranberry sauce and buttermilk ranch. It brought up a nice and sweet taste that I could never forget. Its bread was warm, flat and specially made, making the whole sandwich tastes so outstanding. Eating on the strip could be expensive, but this store would be one of my cheap food choices without sacrificing tastes.
5	We ate here a few times while staying at PH. They are open very late and are really cheap - $5.95 sandwiches.. and they taste great.
4	Vegas is so expensive. It is a nice change to eat something good without breaking the bank that isn't called McDonald's. The sandwichs are hearty and filling, not to mention delicious! The jerk chicken sandwich was very good. The banana peppers threw me off since I didn't read the description when I ordered it, but the contrast of sweet, salty, and sour made for a fun and tasty sandwich. I also had the Hawaiian BBQ chicken sandwich which was good, but I thought it was a little too sweet. My friends loved it.
5	This is honestly one of the best sandwich places in Las Vegas.  I lived in Las Vegas for about three years and I kept coming back to this place and will continue to do so whenever I visit.  The sandwiches are under 7 dollars and after spending money everywhere in Vegas this is a bargain!!! The sandwiches are delicious!  Very worth it!!!! You need to try it whenever you are around the strip.
5	DELICIOUS sandwiches, decent prices... considering it's Vegas! Vegas has overrated, overpriced restaurants, so I believe Earl of Sandwich is the safest bet to go! I love the sandwiches... I've tried the Original (roast beef, horseradish) and the Earl's Club and Mmmm it was soooo good. The sandwich bread is fresh and tastes yummy! I love the broccoli and cheddar soup as well.
5	We need this damn restaurant in Southern California! I hate the fact that I'll have to travel to Las Vegas or fly out to Texas or the East Coast to get a sandwich from the Earl.The web site claims that the Sandwich family (the same family line of the Earl who invented the sandwich), a restaurateur, and a dude by the name of Earl, created this franchise. It's easy to brag when you can honestly say that you invented stuffing things between bread. The chain also has the blessing of the 11th Earl of Sandwich and have a charter on the home page of their website. That's such great marketing. I know what you're thinking: "franchise" is a dirty word, especially on Yelp!. But no, this is a good sort of franchise, along the lines of Chick-Fil-A or In-N-Out or some other hyphenated chain.You'll notice that they have images of 18th century individuals and a mug of the Earl himself on the soda cups of the restaurant. There's a Samuel Adams-esque quality about the place. The sandwiches here are not too large, but the flavors stand out and ingredients are fresh. The bread is amazing, firm, but soft when you bite into it. The spreads were very unique, a cross between a honey mustard and barbecue sauce. I ordered the Earl's Club sandwich and I was very pleased to find that the turkey was moist, instead of dry and salty.I would say that this franchise is a cross among Corner Bakery, Panera and Lawry's Carvery. They give you a buzzer (at least at this location) and you come back to pick up your sandwich when it's done. Even though the sandwiches take a little longer to make, it's well worth it and you can definitely taste the quality. This particular location is in the Miracle Mile shops in the Planet Hollywood hotel on the Strip. It's like the first thing you'll notice when you enter the mall from the south entrance. The seats spill onto the mall corridor and always seem to be crowded, the latter definitely being a good sign of good shit.So this great place, along with Dunkin' Donuts, are institutions that I have to hit up whenever I'm in Sin City. I don't care what it takes, write a damn petition to the Earl himself and have him set up shop on this far-flung former colony I call western America.
5	this place is so good, that our group had it at least every day while we were in vegas. love love love love love the bread. toasty, soft, crispy and fantastic. i tried the earl's club, my taste buds loved it and stuck to it thru out the trip. i also tried the baked potato soup, which served as a great light meal. they open pretty late on weekends, so it's a great place to grab a quick 4th meal. the pricing of the sandwiches are at decent price. perfect for my wallet. too bad there's none in Calfornia. i would totally appreciate this place if it was in the bay : (
5	Tried Earl of Sandwich this past weekend because my cousin recommended for me and her sis to try it since we were in Vegas for the weekend. I had the holiday special which was one of the best sandwiches I've ever tried in my life. It consisted of turkey, stuffing, and cranberries- If I can recall. I wanted to try the original 1762 but I asked one of the workers which one he would recommend, he suggested the holiday special. I feel like I wanna try every sandwich on the menu because it's THAT good. The bread is toasted so perfectly. HAHA.
5	A good, cheap alternative to pricey Las Vegas meals. Thanks to Earl of Sandwich you are still able to find an affordable meal in Sin City.I had their Holiday sandwich and my husband had their BLT. Both of us were more than satisfied. My husband's only complaint was that the sandwich wasn't big enough for his appetite but for me it was PERFECT! We wish we had ordered a sandwich to go for the ride home.
5	Wanted to grab a quick lunch since I was really hungry and didn't want to venture far from PH. This place had caught my eye earlier, so I decided to Yelp it to see if it was worth trying. I arrived to find a line 20 deep! I was already there and didn't want to find another place, so I decided to hop in line and wait. The wait was not nearly as bad as I expected! This place is very efficiently run and I placed my order, paid, and received my sandwich in a timely fashion. I got the Earl's Club (or something like that) and it was great! Delicious, well portioned, and very reasonably priced ($6.25). Highly recommended if you're in the area and need a quick bite that's not really fast food.
5	This has to be one of the best sandwich places around! The bread is what makes this sandwich amazing it reminds me ciabatta bread but super soft. Every time we come to vegas we stop by Earl of Sandwich its a great sandwich about  5 bucks!
4	The best place to get food late at night when you're drunk! The food is great and it's fairly cheap considering you're inside PH and Vegas in general. You also get a big portion for what you pay for. The menu is big and you can order a variety of things. I highly recommend this place!
5	Reliable quality fast food is hard to find on the Strip, and most of it is Airport-style scandalously overpriced. Planet Hollywood's Earl of Sandwich is one of the very few deals, a Quizno's-style counter that's actually cheaper than the Quizno's on the Strip (and yes, better). Solid meat-combo toasted sandwiches, and very good tomato soup (better than many places that brag about their tomato soup).Very surprising that the chain hasn't expanded more here...wonder if PH has some sort of exclusive deal?
4	Earl of Sandwich = inexpensive and yummy eatery in the heart of the las vegas strip. The Earl's Cobb salad was quite tasty and innovative. It's not the traditional cobb with ham, egg, corn and what not but more way yummier. I definitely loved the cranberries. The Hawaiian sandwich was also very good. I loved the bread the most. It's very square and crispy. I don't know what the history of the sandwich is but this place claims that it invented the sandwich. That's quite a nifty fact.  Earl of Sandwich is a great stop for a quick bite that won't blow your wallet.
5	SO GOOD! STILL SO GOOD!i got the chance to take my parents here. My parents aren't the biggest fans of sandwiches... and they have the mentality where they can always make their own sandwiches at home; no need to pay $6 for a sandwich. So i got them to try Earl's... and they LOVED it.  My mom loves the bread and my dad liked it so much he wants to franchise it. haha
4	I wanted to write about all the delicious sandwiches I ate here.  But now, I don't remember the sandwiches I got.  Maybe it was because we came here 3 times in the wee hours of the night.  Or morning.  But mostly night.I know I ate here 3 times and all 3 times I thought to myself that the sandwiches are delicious and that I must write a good review.Sorry.  I forgot what I ate.  But it was still delicious.
4	I just love sandwiches, and I wish I made a few more trips to this spot since I was staying in PH.  I had the full montagu and it hit the spot, perfect size sandwich but I think you can easily eat two if you really wanted to.  I attempted to eat here again after a night partying at Prive since it's open 24 hours, but unfortunately i was unable to find it but luckily I found my way back to my room.  Prolly a good thing cuz you'd want to remember enjoying the sandwiches there.
4	Mmmmm so good.  I had the Italian sandwich and it was so perfect! I wanted the meatball marinara one, but I'm glad I didn't get it because it was a little bland and would not have satisfied my drunken desires of cheesy melty flavourful goodness. And then I went to sleep. 8am. I love that they're open 24 hours!!
5	This place is MONEY! My entire family went here and not one person had a single bad thing to say. The sandwiches are incredible, and it is very affordable. This is a great place to go for lunch in Vegas because you know you're probably going to a buffet at night time. This is perfect for a quick bite!If you like potato salad and macoroni salad, those two are standard but good here as well.
5	For a sandwich place/cafe, this place is sooooo good! I flew into Vegas without having dinner and ran into this place on the casino floor of our hotel, Planet Hollywood right by the Miracle Mile/PH strip entrance. It really hit the spot. I couldn't decide from the menu or from seeing everyones orders so I went safe and ordered the "original." which was yummmy!The sandwiches our group ordered were all toasted, not sure if there were cold/untoasted on the menu. They're much like paninis here. I recommend this place to everyone!
4	What better way to get your body ready for another night of dancing than to reward yourself with some tasty carbs? (=While the majority of the group opted for Pink's hotdogs, which was right outside the Miracle Mile/PH hotel entrance, a small handful of us decided to grab something slightly lighter by going with sandwiches from Earl (inside PH).  Boy, let me tell ya, NO REGRETS.The best part of Sandwich connoisseuring is that you get to try out a plethora of tasty breads!  Earl's offers a warm and toasty bread that doesn't flake, but crunches by the bite.  My friend and I had both ordered the signature Earl's Club ( Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Sandwich Sauce) while another fella went with the Veggie sandwich (Feta Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Roasted Red Peppers & Mediterranean Dressing.)  Now, I don't know what the sandwich sauce consists of, but it sure did compliment the ingredients with the crunchy bread.  I'm guessing that the sauce is somewhere along the lines of a zangy mustard, a hint of mayo, and a splash of light vinaigrette, perhaps?If your tummy can make room for a tasty soup, then I would definitely recommend ordering the tomato soup as well!  I shared a cup with my friend and it was delicious!  Tangy and lightly creamy, served with a handful of crunchy croutons, it was the perfect finish to a beautiful sandwich.What makes me more sad than realizing that I didn't take a single picture of this masterpiece is finding out that Earl of Sandwich cannot be located in CA.  I guess this calls for more visits to Sin City!
5	This place has the best sandwiches on the strip!! and for hella cheap!!! My girlfriends and I were watching a show and we needed something quick and fast because the show was starting in like 15. We went downstairs and there was this fat line for this place, but it seemed to move quickly. We ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and the Italian. I have to say that they Hawaiian sandwich was better than the Italian, but not by much. The Hawaiian had the right amount of sauce. Very tangy and sweet. I wanted another one right afterward. The Italian was full of meat, but it was a little salty. I didn't grab another sandwich afterward, but I keep on dreaming of the day I am going to come back and get it again!
4	this place is a great pit stop for after walking the loooong strip of las vegas. each sandwich on their menu sounded delicious, but i chose the classic BLT. the bread was delicious, the bacon a TAD bit on the salty side, but nothing unbearable. =) the sandwich was nice and toasty as well, not all cold and stale.try the gray lemonade too!! it'll cool you off.
5	I'm so tempted to drive to Vegas for a day just to get their Tuna Melt.  *Droooools*  Best tuna melt I've ever had for a really, really good price.  And for this, I refuse to order it at ANY other place!!!
5	Ugh....why does Earl have to be 231 miles away from my house?? I would eat here everday if I could.I will miss you jerk chicken sandwich, italian, and montague..Veggie, chicken salad, and tuna wraps.. and even the pasta salad and macaroni salad from heaven. This is still hands down the BEST sandwich i've ever had. The bread is just too insanely tasty.  I will be back soon enough!
5	Yum Yum YUM!Best sandwich I may have ever had. Too bad it was all the way at Planet Hollywood and my intoxicated ass didn't have enough gumption to walk all the way down  there from the Venetian late at night.Got the Full Montague which was turkey, roast beef, special mustard and some other junk. It was fabulous. I wanted to check into this hotel just so I could eat here throughout my whole stay in Vegas. ::sigh:: Why does my town have to suck when it comes to food?
5	Best sandwich I have ever eaten!!! SO YUMMY!!! Got the veggie and it was so wonderful.
5	Cheap food in Vegas-yes! And it's open 24 hours! A must stop for us when vacationing in VegasI first visited Earl of Sandwich when vacationing at Disneyworld. We enjoyed it then as much as we do now.I have tried many sandwiches and have loved them all just as much as the other, so I can't suggest just one. I have not tried the meatball or tuna, but their lunchmeat is good, cheese is great, and produce are the perfect accessories. Their bacon is cooked perfectly and they give generous amounts if ordered on a sandwich. The star for us in the toasted roll. The warmth of the sandwich is enough to melt the cheese a bit, but not to make the produce soggy- stays cold. Wish there were some Earl of Sandwiches in Orange County....since there is already one at Downtown Disney at Disneyworld, why not make one at Downtown Disney at Disneyland? So many other eateries are mirrored at both resorts, so no one would complain.....we'd be happy!
4	I'm going to say that these sandwiches were the best in Las Vegas for two reasons:1) It's one of the only sandwich places among the string of high end buffets and sit-down restaurants2) My veins were coursing with tons of alcohol courtesy of Fat Tuesday/PURE the night before and eating meaty, carb-filled sandwiches just always tastes better under the influence. There was a lot to be happy about at this place, drunken bias aside:+ Large variety of sandwiches and salads+ Only 6 bucks, which is dirt cheap for Vegas!+ I had the Cannonballs and it tasted really good+ Plenty of seating with clean tables+ They're open for most of the day and nightThis place will fuel you with enough carby-goodness to get you through another day of experiencing Sin City. You should definitely consider making a pit stop here if you're around!
5	Ate here 3 times on our trip. Great for breakfast (we wake up late) and it's portable, so you can take it on the strip or to your favorite machine (not recommended if you're rolling craps) and they're both tasty and cheap!Around 6 bucks for a tasty good sized sandwich. Try the Hawaiian and the Italian. I loved those and will definately be back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Seriously, for being fast food, it's the best sandwich I've had so far.
5	Oh my bad, I've been back to Vegas like three times since the first review when I promised to give an update. Yes, I've eaten it sober since then. Like 10 times.Update: THIS IS THE BEST SANDWICH I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. I'm so effing serious. And they're only $5-6! This place would put Quiznos AND Subway out of business if they opened some up in California. In my opinion ;)All of the sandwiches are great, but I HIGHLY recommend coming here during the holiday season (November-January) and getting the Turkey Holiday Sandwich. Envision this: creamy stuffing, cranberry dressing, yummy turkey, warm bready-saucey-Thanksgiving goodness sandwiched between two slices of heaven. Speaking of slices -- WHAT THE F do they put in that BREAD?! It's so soft and simply...scrumptious.I've taken numerous people here since the last review, both friends and family. We are all now believers. My friends and I stayed at Aria the last time we were in Vegas and made the trek across the Strip bridge just because we'd been dreaming of it. And believe me, that walk is NOT fun in heels, but the sandwich was worth it. The best part? It's 24 hours! My go-to quick meal spot any hour of the night in Vegas, unless I'm staying somewhere that's too far.
4	I love this sandwich place tucked in the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. I've eaten here twice and was pleased with the taste and quality of the food. The line may get long, but it goes quickly. The workers have their system down pat. The service is quick and the food is yummy.
5	This place never disappointments to me. I just had to write an update for this and usually I don't do that. Just went here again this weekend! Ate there like three times since we were staying in Planet Hollywood and because it was so cheap! Discovered new items on the menu!Besides the Hawaiian sandwich, I ate the cannonballs! one. Oh my god it was so good. I don't even like meatballs, but I love this one. I also tried the Tomato and Chicken Soups. Both were super yummy! The tomato has big pieces of croutons in them which is basically like huge pieces of bread completely absorbed with the soup. It totally compliments the soup!
5	Wow!!  Tuna Melt at 4am FTW!  That was probably the best tuna melt I've ever had in my entire life.  Amazingly low price for Vegas and plenty of seating too.  I'm now kicking myself in the behind cuz I just read they have a Turkey Holiday Sandwich and apparently it was in season while I was there last.  You KNOW I love my turkey cranberry sandwiches
5	When I worked in planet hollywood, my food choices were limited if I wanted to not spend a chunk of my paycheck eating lunch out. This place is a real good sandwich- I really like the bread they put it on...it's kinda crunchy like a usual baguette but the soft parts are denser and chewier like a focaccia. All of them are good but I go simple usually with the original and beef and blue (now not on the menu- it was roast beef and blue cheese!) . These are hefty sandwiches so I'm very full. Their brownie was pretty good too and their soups are usually not bad. And they didn't hike up their prices just because they're in a casino!
4	okay super delicious tuna sandwich! It doesnt come with any veggies though and as a veggie lover i like to add tomatoes and lettuce and then it might possibly be the best tuna sandwich ever!first time coming here i tried the earl club as well but i thought it was dry. My friend said the BLT was good too but i cant ever think about anything but the tuna! Get the tuna. You wont be disappointed.
4	So good! We got this sandwich after sleeping only about 3 hours on New Years Eve weekend. It really hit the spot. I really loved the sandwich but the crowd and mess of the restaurant was less appealing. I wish they had one near me!
4	A sandwish shop that sells real roast beef, not the one that you can buy from a supermarket. Their sandwiches are delicious and I would go back here on my next visit. You can think of the sandwiches a step up from Quizno's, but not quite there compared to Lawry's prime rib sandwich. The price is also very reasonable for a joint right off the strip. Definitely give it a try over food courts in other hotels.
5	Probably the best of the food I got on this trip to Vegas. We went there for breakfast one morning and their bread, egg, cheese, and bacon sandwich was to die for. One of the best I've ever had.Cost-wise all I have to say is this is one of the cheapest meals I've ever had out there. Less than $10 per person for a drink and a meal?? Shocker!!!
5	Finally a quick spot to grab a darn good sandwich and not spend a fortune.  I truly loved this joint in Planet Hollywood.  I actually ate here twice in my long weekend.  I grabbed a breakfast sandwich and a Full Montague later that day. The bread is divine!!!  The ingredients are all fresh and the service is fast.  I am telling you this is a great find if you need a quick bite.  I recommend the Breakfast BLT, the Full Montague and they also have some yummy sweets to tempt you.  I loved it!!! I want them to come to Colorado. I am dreaming of that bread!
4	My family and I had lunch here during the final hours of our three-day weekend, tour de force of Sin City. As every newbie to Vegas quickly discovers, the Strip is not the place to be if you are in need of something light, cheap, and delicious to keep you going. Yet, there it is, Earl of Sandwich, basking in all its hot sandwich glory and frozen lemonade restorative goodness. A godsend for the weary traveler pushed to the limits of excess by the Clark Griswold lurking inside all of us.WARNING: Do not (I beg of you!) waste even a dime on their coffee. Freshly ground Kona java? More like crap in a cup, if you ask me.
4	Most Vegas food on the go is mediocre at best and likely overpriced. So I must say, I was extremely delighted & surprised to dine here at Earl of Sandwich. Now me and some friends came here after a long night of drinking and a 3-hr heater on a craps table. With the afterparty drinks being on the house, we were still pretty tossed, and this sandwich hit the spot. Sure, it was 9am and we were mad drunk while other tourist families were giving us the staredown, but I do not apologize! After some sleep, I was thinking about killing the world to cure my hangover, and then I started to think about real things like, "was that sandwich really that bomb? or were u really that wasted?" To get to the bottom of it all, I came back...and it really is just that good.The place is fast and what value! $5.95 flat rate the whole way through! I ordered "the Earl's Club" (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Sandwich Sauce) and "the Original 1762" (Freshly Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce)--both scrumptious! The toasted Panini and hot ingredients make this. My biggest complaint is that they could've been bigger--I feel like I could easily eat two of them in one sitting but I'm a fatass personally. I feel like most chicks would be satisfied with one of Earl's "Cannonballs!" [sorry, cheesy bad taste joke ;] But seriously, my other friends recommend that sandwich and "the Italian". Definitely coming back the next time I'm at Planet Hollywood. I would suggest this to anyone in the area looking for a quick bite at a reasonable price.
5	You remember that Simpsons episode where they had the Springfield power plant vs. Shelbyville power plant baseball game?  Montgomery Burns hired a bunch of ringers to win.  Do you remember that one had an addiction to those energy drinks?  One of them said, "It's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone's invited!"  My reaction was along those lines.  However my lady friend said, "Stop making that face!"  Apparently this place is so good, I made the "Oh" face.  Yeah... it's THAT good.  Things to go for:Full MontagueCaprese (for you vegetarians)Jerk ChickenItalian Cheddar/Broccoli soup
4	Whoa . . . food that is fast, on the cheap side, and it's not greasy, disgusting crap like McDonald's?  Awesome . . . Ate here at around 11 PM on a Thursday night and went with the Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato & Mustard).  Ingredients were fresh, sandwich was served warm, and bread was soft and chewy and yet a little crispy.  A good place in Vegas to grab a quick bite without being relegated to eating garbage.
5	OMG! Great sandwiches...I think it's the bread.. I love how they're open all night... We stopped by after a night out... Exactly what I needed after a night of dancing and drinking!
4	Good gracious. There's no other eatery on the strip that can flip the 'state of death' that a night on Vegas can leave you in.  Sometimes I lie awake in my room.... dreaming of the day the Earl graces Los Angeles with his presence. Maybe its for the better, seeing as I prefer to not be morbidly obese. But hey, there are worse evils.To the food! Onward!  Word to the wise- go with other people... that way you can steal, i mean, taste, each sandwich.  I've tried every type, and have yet to cross a sandwich I didn't like. It just kinda depends on what you're in the mood for.And ladies, if, for some gawd awful reason, you are watching your figure.... try the kids turkey. So cheesy and 50% less guilt per serving.
5	Definitely the spot to hit up in Vegas if you need a quick bite; not even a quick  bite but a good full on meal if you're on a budget. They serve a variety of cold/hot sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, sides, and baked goods. Everything seriously looked fresh and tasty, but too bad I was only able to order myself a wrap and soup because that's all I could eat in one sitting. I decided to go with the Chicken Caesar Wrap which was made with flatbread and it was amazing! I wanted to save half so I could enjoy it later that day but I couldn't stop nibbling and I ended up eating the whole thing. As for the soup, my goodness, it was a hearty bowl of chicken noodle soup, filled with lots of noodles and chicken - just the way I like it.
5	I hate how I tried it once in Vegas, and I go back home to LA, and am craving it! I can't find a good sandwich spot like this back home! It's a perfect quick lunch, especially if you wanna save the buffets for later! Anyways, when in doubt try the Full Montague. The bread was perfectly toasted and the cheeses were perfectly melted. Their special Earl sauces/spreads only enhances the sandwich. Can't talk about it anymore, I'm getting hungry and I won't be back in Vegas for a while!
5	I'm drooling as I write this in remembrance of how delicious my Caribbean Jerk chicken sandwich was. Mmmm. With an extra M.Plus this place is open ... 24 hours. A delicious, beyond delicious, cheap sandwich place (came out to be around $7.25 for a sandwich) that's hot and melty any time of the day. Did I die and go to food heaven?Everything here just smells delicious, they use a special kind of bread that's very ... ciabatta meets flaky crust type deal ... delicious and kind of falls apart but compliments your sandwich perfectly. Their meats are extremely juicy and succulent (yes I just used succulent to describe meat ... really this place takes the cake!). Their sauces are awesome and their sandwiches go great with Grey Poupon! I wish I could order some. :( and now I'm hungry.
5	There was a line, but it moved fast. We ordered the tuna melt and the turkey cranberry( pre- thxgiving feast) alreadyAll i can say is someone needs to franchise one in the bay area... MmmmmmI cant have enough, the sandwiches are really filling, made to perfection
5	Toasty yummy warm sandwiches.  The bread is really good, doesn't get soggy.  It isn't thick and hard either.  Perfect for your sandwich. Located inside Planet Hollywood.  I'm thinking of getting one of these to go for the plane ride home next time I'm in Vegas.  Do not let the line deter you, Vegas knows how to handle lines, they want you back in the casino, not standing around waiting for a sandwich.  Yep, I'll go back here, definitely.
4	A bunch of us came here tired, hungry, and hungover and this hit the spot! It's not amazing but it's a pretty loaded sandwich for a decent price. I got the Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Mustard) and it was veryyy satisfying. They piled on the meat, which was a bit salty from what I remember but still pretty yummy. I ate half for lunch and half for dinner, so the portion was perfect for me. Quick service, I got my sandwich a few minutes after we sat down. The line moved fast too. Everyone seemed to like what they got. I would come here again. Oh and the flat screens made our meal even better. My short sentences in this review are due to my hungover brain, sorry! :)
4	I had to try this place after reading everyone's reviews.  I'm glad that I did.Earl of Sandwich is tucked away in the corner of the exit from the PH casino floor.  It's near Yolie's that's on the casino floor, just make a left at Yolie's.  I was happy to see that there was hardly any seating available, because that meant this place was pretty good.  I had to get in line and order my sandwich, and they gave me a buzzer letting me know to pick up anything else that I wanted on down the line to the cashier.They have a variety of sandwiches but not so many that you get overwhelmed.  I tried the club and my husband had the jerk chicken.  I noticed that their sammies are all served hot, so I was excited to try a hot club sandwich.We didn't have to wait long and the subs came wrapped in gold foil wrapper.  They remind me of paninis, just not flatly pressed.  Pretty good subs and they are nice and hot.  The club was really good and full of bacon, so I loved it.  As for the jerk chicken, that was really good too and nice and spicy.They serve desserts like brownies and cookies, so you don't have to go anywhere for a full meal.  You  must try it--the sammies are worth the trip down to the strip.
4	Sandwiches are those types of meals that are just straight forward and to the point, dont try to make it pretty or gourmet just give me a quality bread with some tasty meal and dont be stingy with it... thats what you will get at Earl of Sandwich. Not too far from my office i ventured off to Earl after reading up on Yelp that it was a must. Im a sucker for good bread and was not disappointed with what i was served here. I ordered the Hawaiian!, with chicken, ham, melted cheese and BBQ sauce SAY WUT! $7 my sandwich was. The atmosphere typical for a shopping location inside of a casino, little loud with a lot of people watching which is always interesting. Biting into my sandwich it was served warm and well balanced and not pouring out the back upon biting into it. The BBQ sauce was sweet and complimented it all real well along with the toasty bread. I hate to say it but after a late night on the strip i usually run for the boarder and hit taco bell on the way home but i think im going to try making this place my stop like so many others have said they do as i think its the perfect time for something like this... try it out you will not be disappointed.
5	It was 6:30 in the morning and my broke, drunken friends and I were on the hunt for food, but we didn't want to spend a fortune at the Paris cafe nor did we want to opt for McDonalds or eats we can easily find back at home.  As we blindly walked south on the Strip, we stumbled upon a mall and decided to investigate.  Hence, we found Earl.Who is this guy anyways and why does he charge only $5.99 per sandwich?  Anyways since I was starving, I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich and the Hawaiian BBQ and both did not disappoint.  Their bread is so soft and warm, the chicken is hot and tender, the sauce just exploded in my mouth.  God I want it again and again.Shh don't turn me in, I know Vegas has a no-tolerance policy, but I stole their Tabasco bottle to make up for my losses at the casino.  Anyhow, great sandwiches at a great price.  More of these shops need to pop up around the country.  Open one in Orange County and you're an instant millionaire.  Bye Earl, I'll see you in a few months with Mike Tyson's tiger!
5	Holy MaryJoseph&Jesus!! One of the best foods I have had in my 23 years of life. EVER.  I am utterly smitten and involved in a whirlwind infatuation with their TUNA MELT! See here, I'm super picky with sandwiches, and find myself over them by the 3rd bite. But with this hunk of morsels, I didn't want the love to end, especially since unrequited love is hard to swallow!The succulent Albacore tuna (w/no fishy smell) is so fluffy as it's bathed in rich mayo, melted w/savory swiss cheese, and built between a fresh, buttery artisan loaf.  Tastes exquisite even after a 4 hour drive, fridged for 10 hours, and re-heated. It will make you CRY.I'm usually not into tuna melts, but Earl has clearly converted me into a total committed lover!
5	Last year my fiancee and I accidentally came upon the best sandwich place ever. Earl of Sandwiches was by far the most delicious sandwich we have ever had! The bread is so fresh and their meats have a delicious taste to them. The price is also great, you get a big sandwich for a little more than 5 bucks! Everytime we go out to Vegas, we have to stop and get Earl's, I think you should too. It's a shame there's not one in Southern Cali :(
5	I checked out this place for lunch before I left Vegas because of what you Yelpers were writing, and you were right!This is a killer place for a sandwich. I think that if they opened one of these in SLC, I'd be here at least once a week. I got the chicken caesar wrap with chicken noodle soup. The soup was good but pretty standard issue, but the sandwich...oh my. I don't know what they put in that dressing, but it was like crack. My boyfriend got the club and agreed with me on the freshness and tastiness of this place. And the price isn't half bad. It won't break the bank like a lot of Vegas food joints. If you're in the mood for a tasty, not-too-expensive sandwich, this is your place.
4	One of the few dining options with reasonable prices in Las Vegas.  Somehow my friends and I always end up here after a fun night out clubbing and we're starving and want some good, simple food fast.  Sandwiches are a great price for the taste (and for being on the Las Vegas Strip) -- $6-8.  There's also a variety of drinks, desserts, snacks, soups and a kid's meal.I tried the caprese sandwich, tasted great.  Ordered an Earl's Frozen Lemonade.  It was very very sweet, way too sweet.  Felt like I was drinking lemon syrup.  It was under $3 and I was dehydrated, so I didn't waste too much money.  I also ordered a soup, which is also at a low price of about $3.
5	now open 24/7.  don't let the long lines scare ya--very efficient & a 10min wait at most. tasty soup.  i tried 4 more sandwiches & dug 'em.  awesome prices; i  bet most PH workers eat here all the friggin time, i would.  yummy yum yum
5	Perfect for lunch, dinner and/or that late night post-clubbing snack.. I would've seriously starved to death last night if it wasn't for the great and powerful Earl.. I readily forked over my money to enjoy a Chicken Cobb wrap and tomato soup.. I also got to taste the tuna salad and Jerk Chicken sandwich.. More or less, everything was excellent and we drunkenly made our way back to the Jockey Club well satisfied and ready for bed..All hail the Earl of Sandwich!!
4	earl of sandwich is an oasis of deliciousness located right downstairs in the PLANET HOLLYWOOD casino/lobby..although the smaller sandwiches don't fill you up, they're the cheapest eats in the area.. @ $8 bucks a sandwich.. SMHat least they're oven-toasted! :) there aren't too many places to eat on the strip.. and spending under $10 for a snack @ earl of sandwiches is the cheapest way to grind on some grub.. unless you wanna eat downstairs at one of the restaurants and pay $15-25 bucks for some microwaved chef boyardee... hit up earls. good, on the cheaper end.. but not too filling... :(
4	Earl of Sandwich is definitely one of my favorite places to grab a nice hot sandwich. It's too bad that it's located within the strip. Sure, it can be a great spot for tourists, but a terrible place for a local to hit up. The strip is never a fun place to travel to, especially during the peak dining hours. Despite that, I guess I shouldn't complain though. The next closest location is over 1,000 miles away.I've been here a few times. Never been disappointed once. Here's a brief rundown on two things I tried:"The Full Motagu - Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Earl's Mustard." It's a more traditional tasting sandwich, but really hits the sweet spot if this is what you're in the mood for."All American - Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato." This was one of my favorites. The addition of cranberries added a nice twist to the sandwich. It's somewhat comparable to the Bobbie at Capriotti's, except you don't feel like you went through a Thanksgiving feast after eating it.Prices are definitely very reasonable for a strip location. I'd think that these prices were for an off-strip location. A hot sandwich will run you about $6-8. Add a cup of tomato soup with your sandwich and you're golden. This isn't a place I'd go out of my way for, but a sure stop every time I'm in the area.
5	Okay.. So I came here after a night at the club, I was drunk, STARVING, tired, and on a budget.. I saw "Earl of Sandwich" and had to stop because it was cheap, and i was too lazy to walk around.. To my suprise it was PRETTY DARN GOOD.. I definately recommend coming to this place!
5	We sort of stumbled on this place by accident but so glad we did.I'll make this short given how many reviews are already written.This place was absolutely amazing and their sandwiches are delicious.I wish I came back to grab one more before I left.
5	this place was great. the prices were right and the sanwich was fantastic. i wasn't even shit faced either, so i can tell you for sure. its a little heavy on the sodium, but what isn't?i found this place by accident while looking for a liquor store and damn i'm glad i did. if they had this in LA i would go once a week at least. the american turkey is incredible. hook it UP!!!!!
4	Wow! You have to try their sandwich when you're here in Vegas. CLEANLINESS: 4/5SERVICE: N/AFOOD: 4/5- Hot Italian SandwichThe sandwiches here are full of flavor and mouthwatering. Especially after a good night out in Vegas, this is a good place to satisfy your hunger. I ordered the Italian Sandwich which was pretty good. The texture of the bread was just perfect. The seating arrangement is self serve like many Vegas joints, so it is pretty convenient. This place is located in a very convenient place, so it's easy to find.I've tried the other sandwiches too, and they're just as good. I'm pretty sure you won't go wrong with anything you order here. They'll see me again for sure whenever I go back to Vegas!
4	I thought this place was delicious. I'd definitely go back. I ordered the cobb salad - delish. cranberries, ceasar & romaine lettuce, bacon, tomatoes, cheddar & some white cheese,  & ranch dressing. Next time i'd order with blue cheese dressing instead. if they have it.  my bf ordered the italian sandwich (so good (hot too) ) definitley would order. and each of these were only 5.95. Cannot beat this espec. since its inside Planet Hollywood. I highly recommend this one over Pink's any day.
3	Inside the southwest corner of Planet Hollywood, Earl of Sandwich is conveniently located for any patron of PH. The service is friendly and relatively prompt. I will describe the sandwiches as Quizno's, but handled with care and quality ingredients. If you can tolerate Quizno's you will love the Earl. The Earl "is-to" sandwiches shops (e.g. Subway, Quizno's, Togo's), what In-n-Out is to fast food burgers and what Chick-Fil-A is to fast food chicken. I enjoyed my sandwich (the Full Montague - turkey and roast beef) while tailgating before the PBR World Cup at the Thomas and Mack center on the UNLV campus. The sandwiches are great to-go - the bread doesn't get soggy. Christina loved the Hawaiian - chicken, ham and pineapple - she would give this place 4.5-5 stars. Also the brownies are sick. Not sick meaning sick but sick meaning good. They are made with Ghirardelli Chocolate and REAL GOOD. Recommended - OUT - Sixton
3	I have had this place before in Orlando. it is pretty good. But this time it was like 2 am and I suddenly became health conscious and ordered some healthy chicken wrap. It was good but just didn't hit the spot. This place is open 24 hours and service was pretty quick. They also had free wifi! But I am not sure if it was for everyone to use or they just never locked theirs. I will be back but next time I will stick to the hot sandwiches!
5	If you're too full for a buffet, Earl's is perfect. If you're in the mood to grab a little snack while walking the strip, Earl's is perfect. If you're on the way to grab a Fat Tuesday and you want a snack to go with it, Earl's is perfect. After the club, when you're hella hungry and you need something to sober your drunk ass up :), Earl's is perfect.I highly recommend the Caprese sandwich...All my friends got different sandwiches too and we were all pretty satisfied with what we got. You're already spending hella money in Vegas either on gambling, hotel, clubs, dranks, whatevz... Earl's is cheap and hella good :) !!!!
4	Very good call for a cheap sammie while at Planet Hollywood.  Huge selection, great artisan bread (what the hell is artisan??), made to order.At $5.95, it blows away Pink's hot dogs for a quick lunch.
3	I went to Earl of Sandwich, with really high expectations. I have to say that I was disappointed. First, we waited 15 minutes for our sandwiches, only to realize that our order was completely lost. The manager was really apologetic and refunded the cost of our sandwiches. The sandwiches were nothing special. I was expecting sandwiches that were as good as a Panera panini or a Marks and Spencer sandwich, but Earl of Sandwich was not at that level. I would definitely come back though, because it was a very convenient location inside Planet Hollywood and it was very clean.
5	For the price I don't think you can beat this place.The Earl's Club is amazingly good, and the condiments they have is great (even greypupon on the tables)  There Full Montagu is pretty good too, but I like the bacon and sauce combo on Earl's Club.  Great bread, fresh ingredients, always busy.  At this time the location is open 24 hours, and yes it's still very busy at 2am.  There deserts are also very good.Sandwiches are around $6, which is very good for their quality.Con: bathroom is in the casino and a bit of a walk to get to.You can call ahead for an order as well, which might be good if you know what you want already.I'm getting hungry just thinking of the place, will probably go everytime I go to vegas
5	Located in Planet Hollywood in The Miracle Mile Shops, this place is seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had and for the good price of only around $6-$7.  The Italian over here is hella legit.  Can't go wrong with a side of Macaroni Salad and that Ghirardelli Ice Cream Sandwich for dessert too.  A meal, side, drink, and dessert for around $12 over here.  Beware of the long lines for lunch, but they move pretty damn quick.  -  Everyone who waits in these lines knows wassup.If you lost a lot of money at the tables.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If a stripper took you for all your money.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If you just got rejected at the club.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If a group of girls try to get you to buy them breakfast.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If you wake up hungover after the paramedics left your room the night before laughing at you for being stupid drunk.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If Planet Hollywood or any hotel doesn't want to comp you a free meal for losing hella $$$ to their shitty dealers.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!If it's about to be your last meal before going back to reality.  Go to Earl of Sandwich!EARL!  EARL!!  EARL!!!
5	After a long night of good times, you just have that craving for some late night or should I say early morning snacking/food. Where to go thats open 24 hours????Earl of Sandwich!!!!!This place definitely did not disappoint at all for me. Price was reasonably around $6 mark. The deliciousness of The Full Montagu (consisting of  Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Earl's Mustard) = Simply comfort food and pleasing warmness to the stomach that will definitely make you feel a bit fuzzy inside with how the sandwich is built. The Caribbean Jerk Chicken which is grilled Chicken, roasted red & banana Peppers & spicy jerk sauce, definitely is not something you'd want to miss out as well.....Casual industrial/city scape type decor and quick on the service at 2am. They were on the ball especially when it appears the crowd doesn't seem to die down much at this place. Definitely a must return when in Vegas. Wish they'd open more outside of Vegas!!!
5	I found it pretty strange that everytime I walked by Earl of Sandwich, it was always half empty, considering how everyone seems to rave about it.I actually came here early one morning for breakfast because I wasn't hungry for a morning buffet, nor was I in the mood to have eggs or bacon.  I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich because I remembered how good it looked from the yelp photos.  And it sure was!  For about $6, I thought it was really filling and had a lot a flavor.  I washed it down with Earl's Grey Lemonade, which was their version of an Arnold Palmer, and it was good too.  This will most likely be a regular pit stop for me whenever I get hungry on the Strip and don't feel like spending much.Big plus for also being open 24 hours a day.  Five stars!!!
5	This is a great sandwich shop to get a quick bit to eat.  Has great selections for everyone.  One thing I wanted to try and didn't was the Ghirardelli ice cream sandwiches. They look so good.  Prices are really good too!
4	Earl's Sandwich:You were my food savior when I stayed at Planet Hollywood! Inexpensive, fast, and delicious sandwiches, and soups. My friends and I stayed at the Fountain Suite at PH, and we would eat here at least once a day -- whether its lunch time, dinner time, or early mornings after our drunken debaucheries. I loved their Full Montague. Its a must try! When I was there back in November, they had a Thanksgiving special sandwich that included stuffing and cranberry sauce. Amazing!If I was crapping money, sure I'd eat at a buffet all day every day. But I'm not, and Earl's sandwich is a great place to sit down and eat wit your friends for cheap!
4	If i could give a 3.5 start I would but between a 3 and 4.. I'll lean towards a 4. Prices are reasonable for getting food on the strip... the sandwhich I got was wayyy too salty and don't get me wrong I love salty food.. but apparently even this got my pallet questioning the level of saltiness.. It's a good  place to go grab a quick bite.  I'll come back again and give it another go.....
5	This place is delicious, inexpensive and fast! 5 stars for sure. Great place to stop and grab a quick bite walking down the strip!
5	It saddens me that the East coast doesn't have an Earl of Sandwich. If it did, you better believe I would take a road trip there to get my grub on. They have super fresh ingredients and make their sandwiches on the spot. The spreads and sauces they use on their sandwiches are also oh so yummy! During this past weekend, 10 of my friends and I were in Vegas. Everyone fell in love with this place instantaneously. Luckily this gem of a place was right in our hotel - Planet Hollywood. Out of my 4 day stay there, I only tried this place during the 3rd and 4th day. Knowing what I know now, if I could turn back time I would totally eat there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner all 4 days - YES IT WAS THAT GOOD! I only tried their hot sandwiches but they only serve salads, soups, and wraps. I tried The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato, & Sandwich Sauce), Cannonballs! (Meatball, Marinara, Mozzarella, & Parmesan Cheese), and the Breakfast BLT (Bacon, Lettuce, Roma Tomato, & Seasoned Mayonnaise). All were DELICIOUS! If anyone wants to open up a franchise over on the east coast, particularly NJ or NY let me know! lol
4	Earl of Sandwich was really delicious! Thanks Yelp, for helping us find affordable eats :-)I had the Barbecue Hawaiian and thought it was soooo yum yum. For just $6, you can find a quick, filling meal here! They also have tons of sides you can buy separately like chips, house made cole slaws & Macaroni salads, and Ghirardelli chocolate ice cream sandwiches.Will definitely make a pit stop here again when I come out to Vegas!
5	This place was one of the most memorable things about my first trip to Vegas since turning twenty-one.  On this epic trip, me and some friends headed out to the city of sin at 1am and arrived in LV at 5am.  We couldn't gamble on an empty stomach so we wandered around trying to find a place to eat.  Everything was closed, even Micky D's.Thank god this placed opens early!! Above all else it was awesome!  When they advertise that their club sandwich is the best in the world, they're not lying.  Even their vegetarian sandwich taste bomb.  This really fueled us for a long day play.  So, THANK YOU random bell boy at the Bellagio for pointing to this sandwich shop.  We are forever grateful.Oh and by they way, after we ate there, we went straight for the casinos and I hit 20 black jacks.  Not that there is really a connection but I like to think so. =]
5	O.M.G.Who knew a sandwich in Vegas could be this good?Full Montague and Iced Tea.Turkey, plain and simple.The bread is what makes it great!Good times.
5	Cheap. Tasty. Alright!When I heard that there was finally an Earl of Sandwich towards the west coast, I was stoked...and it's in Vegas?! Alright! And it's open 24/7???Full Montague and the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich are my favorites. Good: Great sandwiches at decent prices and open all the time.Bad: It can get crowded...all the time.Final: Go get some!
4	Crazy to think that of all the great places to eat in Vegas--I chose Earl of Sandwich--but it was AMAZING.  the sandwich was just right, super juicy, and not overflowing with extra veggies and sauce that I hate.
5	For a vegas eatery on the strip, this place is an amazing find. 5.99 sandwiches that I would buy anywhere, they are that good. It's open 24/7 and is the perfect stop at 4 or 5 in the morning when you need some nutrients to go with the booze.
5	Earl of sandwich is legit. dont let the line intimidate you. They serve up sandwiches with the quickness! Earls club. toasted to perfection, and packed full of flavor. Bomb Sandwich!! Top it off with some broccoli and cheddar soup and u have yourself a deluxe meal for under 10 bucks. Save some money and spend it on the craps table! I can't wait to go back and try some more of their sandwiches. my mouth is leakin like a faucet just thinking about those awesome sandwiches in my mouth
5	First and foremost, if you haven't tried this sandwich joint when you're in Vegas.  Then you've seriously missed out on the most amazing and mouth watering sandwiches in all of Vegas. I'm a huge sandwich fan and this place did not leave my stomach dissappointed.  The line was a bit intimidating but my friend told me I MUST TRY the sandwiches from here.  The line went by with a quickness and my order was ready with style.  I ordered the tuna melt and the turkey club....HEAVEN!!  That's all I have to say about the sandwiches.  The bread was toasted to perfection and the ingredients were fresh to order.  What's great about this place is that it's open 24/7!!  My weekend in vegas just got that much better haha.  Cheers!
5	We need an Earl's out here in So Cal!  $5.99 for hot sammies, salads, or wraps.  You can also opt for snacks like soups, pasta salads, or yogurt parfaits.  Open 24 hours!!!  Perfect for late night munchies after the clubs.  Perfect for breakfast.  Perfect for lunch.  Perfect for dinner.  Perfect anytime.I don't remember the name of the sammies my friends got (because mine was superior), but I got the Full Montagu with turkey, roast beef and other deliciousness.  Crisp, toasty bread with melty cheese, savory meats and the most genius combination of sauces and condiments.Best. Sammie. Ever.
4	I love the bread- it's a like a panini on ciabatta bread. I can't remember what it was called, but I got the sandwich with caribbean jerk chicken and I think Mike got the full montague. Mike thought the sandwiches were small, but I thought they were just right. The bread was my favorite part- I wasn't too crazy about the chicken. Mike's sandwich, however, was a lot better. We might come back if we are in the area.
4	BOMBIZZLE,  it is really awesome, this place is open 24/7 and it's 5.99! That is the great drunk food if your in planet hollywood. If you in PH you gotta get it....it's something to try...I had it on my stay and thought it was pretty good, I think I'll make the stop next time I drop in.
2	We came here in the morning cause we were starving and we didn't really feel like going anywhere else for food, so we decided to give it a try. We were very happy with the price when we saw it, but since the bf had a hangover we decided to share the Hawaiian BBQ Sandwich and the vegetable soup. First off the bbq chicken sandwich, was drenched in bbq sauce, so unless you like just eating bbq sauce i wouldn't really recommend this sandwich, we couldn't even taste the pinapple, let alone the ham and the chicken that was in it. It was basically bread and bbq sauce, but at least it was warm. I thought that the soup was decent, tasted more like tomato soup then vegetable since there were no vegetables in it. Now im kinda thinking that they messed up our order, but i won't know until next time. so aside from the place and its convenience of 24 hrs, i don't know if i would settle for this place again, since there are so many other places in Vegas.
5	So I just got back from another great Vegas trip for a friend's 26th birthday, and one of the highlights of our weekend would definitely be coming to Earl of Sandwich.  I know.... food??  A highlight?  What the??I'm sure all of the other sandwiches here are bomb, but as others here have mentioned.. the tuna melt is seriously off the freaking chain and was the best tuna melt I've had thus far.  It's made with fresh Albacore tuna salad & melted aged swiss cheese.. all in a delicious ciabatta type bread.  Oh so good.The broccoli cheddar soup here was so so.. a little too thin for me, but screw it.  The sandwich gets an A+.The line can get long, but no worries because it moves quickly.  This is definitely the spot to hit up when drunk after a club.  I'm definitely coming back next time.
4	Came here twice during our four day stay- first sandwich I had was the Kids turkey & cheese melt (something like that), quite tasty from what I can recall!  Second time I got a wrap, while the wrap was good it was wrapped horribly and my food kept falling out!  It's open 24hrs so that's a plus!
5	Second time here. Grilled cheese for my four year old - ok, but not great. Italian for my wife - excellent sandwich. The original sandwich for me - good plain, but really good with a little dash of salt and some Grey Poupon - which they have available there.  In New York, this place would only rate a three or four star, but being that this is in Vegas, and it's relatively inexpensive, I will go ahead and give them all five stars.I would like to point out that this review was during my third trip to Vegas this year.  I don't particularly like Vegas, and all three of my trips were related to me needing to go to vegas for the sake of other people.  In general the food in Vegas at this price point is terrible, so I was really happy to find a casual, inexpensive, relatively not so artery clogging option.  Yes, you can pay much more and go to a nicer restaurant, but that option is $30+ per person ($45+ if you want a drink or two).  At the $30+/$45+ (no booze/booze) price point, I've been to a couple of nice restaurants in Vegas and from the numerous favorable yelp reviews, I don't think decent to very good food at the higher price point is much of a challenge.  I don't know about great food like you can fine in San Fran or NY, but pretty good food nonetheless.Also, I suggest that you Avoid the buffets, even the pricier & nicer one - i don't care which buffet you go to, the food will be meh at best.  I speak from experience, my fellow yelp friends.Last thing I want to point out about the Earl - there is a convenience store right around the corner where you can buy booze (hard liquor and beer singles) at a relatively good price.  If you want a drink, I would suggest that you pick it up at the convenience store before you get in line at the Earl.
5	so you know the show on food network "the Best Thing I ever Ate"? ya this could be on that list when it comes to sandwiches. this is really hard since i recently ate at JimmyJohns, which btw could make it on this list. but the Food! the hot sandwiches, so uncomplicated yet somehow so delicious just made my day. surrounded by all these buffets i wondered why my friends would drag me to a sandwich shop of all places. now i know why. you can get your meal for under $10 and the selection is perfect. from your basics like a BLT (which i had!) to a Full Monagu (beef, turkey & swiss) you'll find something you can sink your teeth into. My friends and i each ordered something different & there was enough of us that we were able to order each item on the menu O_O and let me tell you, there wasn't one thing i DIDN'T  like. please enjoy responsibly...
5	I absolutely have to stop by this place whenever I come to Vegas.  Whether during the trip or on the way back to LA, I make it a point to stop by.  Yes, it's that GOOD.  And now that it's open 24hrs, it's the perfect late night munchies spot after a day's partying and gambling.What makes their sandwiches so out of this world is a combination of deliciously toasty, but fluffy bread that doesn't give your jaw a workout , and some incredible sauces to top off the generous helping of meats.  It's all delivered in a nicely tucked golden brick..."1 kilo" as my buddies like to call it.  Each savory bite is juicy, tender, and with so many sandwich choices, you can't go wrong cause they're all good.  My personal favorite is the Montagu but first timers should definitely check out the Original.  I've recommended this place to so many friends and their reactions are generally along the lines of "oh wow! so good" and "I want to make love to this sandwich."Forget Subway.  Forget Quizno's.  Earl is the sh*t.  It's too bad this is the only location around in the West.  I really hope they expand into SoCal area cause I love this place!  Sandwiches are tops and at $6-7 a pop, it's very reasonable.  Their Earl's iced tea (iced tea lemonade) is a great complement.  Earl claims they are the first to introduce the toasted sandwich.  First and definitely the best.
4	Open 24 hours, holla!Thank you Earl of Sandwich for providing a drunkie delicious warm sandwiches after a long night in Vegas! Oh nom nom nom...My friends and I came here pretty much every night after the club, so 3 nights in a row I had Earl of Sandwich lol. The 3 I tried were - The Earl's Club (roasted turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and sandwich sauce) - good, more of a safe sandwich to go with.The Full Montagu (roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, and Earl's mustard) - pretty damn goood! love the mustard, gives it that horseradish type of kick. Hawaiian BBQ (grilled chicken, roasted ham, Hawaiian bbq sauce, aged swiss cheese and pineapple) - yummm! taste just like a Hawaiian BBQ pizza!Definitely a great eat in Vegas, and cheap! $5.99 a sandwich, yayyur!
5	This place is good.  I split a full Montagu and a Hawaiian BBQ with a friend.  It was good, words can't describe it.  The tomato soup was also creamy and the croutons were still crunchy.  Definitely going to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	i think we ate here everyday during our recent stay in vegas. sometimes twice a day. they're open late so it's great for after partying snackage! go for the hawaiian sandwich and the cannonballs sandwich! the tomato soup is great for hangover mornings :) oh and they have HP Sauce on the tables!!!oh earl of my sandwich, open a location in the bay area please!!!
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been craving this place since my last trip to Vegas and was lucky to be staying at Planet Hollywood this time around because it's just downstairs! Their tomato soup (which I raved to everyone) was just as good as I remembered and still the best tomato soup I've ever had. I've even gotten others who don't like tomato (myself included) to try it and they've all loved it too! Making believers out of non-believers...enough said! I had the Earl's Club sandwich and I am a petite person, so it doesn't take much to get me full but I devoured 3/4 of the sandwich plus half of my yummy tomato soup. The BEST!!!
5	****UPDATE****Even though the TUNA MELT brought me in.  The Original makes me wanting to come back over... and over... and over again. The Original 1762 is Freshly Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. YUM! Got my girlfriend and sister addicted also. They love the Best BLT.
2	When I was in Vegas, I was told that I definitely needed to make a stop at this place and try what people considered to be the BEST sandwich they have ever had.  That's definitely not a comment to be taken lightly!So I ventured away from my lovely Bellagio hotel and went across the street to this place (while dealing with the blazing Nevada desert sun) because I felt compelled to try one of their "amazing" sandwiches.I was starving at the time, so any sort of food item seemed appealing to me right then, but I have to say, I was so disappointed.I can't even remember what sandwich I got...it was that forgettable. The only thing good was the ice cold beer I had gotten to go with the sandwich (since it was over 100 degrees outside).
5	So the family and I went to Vegas over memorial weekend.  We stopped here to have some lunch before going to see Blue Man Group.Service was fast and clean.  We all ended trying each others sandwiches.  So out of the five we tried I liked the Hawaiian BBQ (mine) and the Cannon ball.  The Full Montague was OK but not for me, it seemed a little soggy.  My little girl had the Tuna melt with Albacore, that was good too.  The Italian was also good but I don't like submarine type sandwiches which this reminded me of.  My daughter loved it though.  The size of the sandwiches are pretty large we all had some to take with us.    This place is located in Planet Hollywood, which took a while to get to.  I would definitely recommend if you are in the area.  Cant beat the price and it's actually pretty good for a sandwich joint.  We all liked it !!!
5	The Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood is a fantastic place for cheap eats on the strip.  Located not too far from the Heart Bar, it's a prime spot that I picked for grubbing for Super Bowl Sunday.  Toasted BLT rang up for about $8.  It was worth every penny.  After being gouged for $14 for a mojito at the Heart Bar, it was time for me to get my money's worth.  The BLT was a solid value.The employees here seem to act like drones, but they encounter such a number of people that can be excused.  I'd be the same way if I worked here.If you want to save some cash and you're in pHo, stop in here and grab one of their delicious sandwiches.
5	Such a great find around the Strip: open 24hours and good prices (5.95 for a big sandwich!)! Sandwiches are made on freshly baked bread, making it one of the best around. I ordered their Original, which is roast beef with cheese and horseradish sauce. Pretty good but not the best I've had. I also tried their Montagu, which had turkey, roast beef, cheese, lettuce, tomato and honey mustard. Yum. Definitely a goodie! The most popular one was the Club, which is exactly what it is.There are also wraps and salads too! Tried their frozen lemonade and it was very refreshing! And...we can't forget....dessert! They had fresh baked cookies, sundaes, and what I will definitely try next time..,, the Ghirardelli ice cream sandwich: vanilla ice cream in between two Ghirardelli chocolate (Ya, SF!) cookies! ;9Definitely a place to go to if u want a change from the fine dining and buffets!
5	I've decided this is my favorite place to eat while in Vegas because it's good and cheap. Yes, I love to indulge in a mid-day buffet that fills you up til the next morning. But when you're on a budget and you have things to do and see in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is perfect. I've tried several of their sandwiches on my recent stays in Vegas including the full montagu, the caribbean jerk, and the italian. All were very good - hot, fresh, full of flavor, filled with cheese melted on the meat.When we stayed in PH, we literally had a sandwich for brunch, dinner, and after the club. It was that good. and it was cheap!!Other then waiting in line to order (which the wait time can vary), the time it takes to get your food is not long at all. My next endeavor is the American.. can't wait to go back!!
5	This is your best hot sandwhich deal in Las Vegas. My friends and I went here about 3 times during out weekend trip! LOL. it is cheap (average 7 bucks for a sandwhich is good for Vegas) and it was also in our hotel.I highly reccomend their caribbean jerk chicken sandwhich. Oh Em Gee, super delicous. Thier hawaiian one is ok. Their meditarranean salad was pretty good as well.
5	Thank you Yelp you came through for me again!We were on one of those budget Vegas trips and trying to find good eats at decent prices. Glad to have found this place because it was definitely well worth looking for it in the Miracle Mile shopping center. Oh by the way the only thing that sucked was that the self parking lot was wayyyy at the other side where this place is at. But I'm serious...it was worth the walk.I had the Montagu sandwich, loaded potato soup and a drink and it was all $11.86The sandwich which pretty large and very delicious. Turkey and roast beef were really good quality. The bread was outstanding...very tasty.I didn't need a soup but it just sounded delicious when I was reading the menu. So I had to order it...so glad I did :)I wanted to go back to this place instead of checking out the Backstage Deli. But I figured I should give the other high rated sandwich place a try....let's just say I was kicking myself afterward!You know I'm going to tell everyone I know to go here if they are ever in Vegas. Oh and by the way, this place is open 24 hours!!
5	This is everything Quizno's  grew up aspiring to be.  Too bad for us, Quizno's suffers from type A retardation.The Full Montagu has turkey, roast beef and is held together very nicely by cheese and it's fantastic toasted bread.  The tomato soup will warm your soul after losing Jr.'s college fund on the Baccarat table. It's like Spaghetti-O's minus the O's, which I am fond of.  They throw croutons in there to sweeten the deal.Luckily, I had not yet began binge drinking and was able to read up on some world history.  This Earl dude (maybe his name was John), invented the sandwich during a card game in jolly old England. I always thought the sandwich was an American invention.  It's Brit.  Damn you, history.  Damn you for opening my eyes to the truth.And now for your sandwich tip (yeah baby, tip) of the day.  Their HP steak sauce would make anything better.  If you douse your TV with it, it might stop you from putting your foot through your LCD when Oprah is on.  By the way, it's Canadian.  Have you noticed how our friend, the sandwich has been hiding behind a wall of deceit?  Perhaps it's all for the best that there aren't many Earl of Sandwiches around.  I wouldn't want Billy Bob's world to implode when he finds out that his fried bologna sandwich on crust-less off brand bread came from overseas.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=f87flydbA6bnMIEZXqQuwwNow.  Time to get outta bed and onto a chair at the 3 Card Poker table.
4	I daydream about these sandwiches. Why must the closest one to me be 243.88 miles away? Why can't they be on every corner in California like its bastard stepchild, Subway, is? We always make it a point to stop by here at least a few times during every Vegas weekend. I love love love the tuna melt, as well as the All-American. As great as everything else looks, I'm too obsessed with those to order anything else! Freshly baked, soft warm bread that melds perfectly with the other ingredients. I usually eat half there and save the other half for after the clubs. They also offer soups, salads, desserts, and wine and beer, too! I've brought back sandwiches to LA for Earl-obsessed friends, and that earns me the best-friend-ever title in their books. I wish they had different sandwich sizes, but that's not enough to keep us away. This place rocks! Please come to southern California!
5	This place was such a godsend, we did not want to eat more overpriced mediocre food and didn't have the money for a nice dinner. A freaking sandwich for $5.99?? I had the Italian and the bf had the BLT. Both were amazing- I thought it'd take forever too since the line was so long, but within a few minutes I got mine, piping hot. They're a good size too- just a bit smaller than a brick.someone please start a branch in socal!!!
5	LOVE this place I had the chinese chicken sandwhich not the salad. I love how you can turn a salad into a sandwhich sooo good!!! Best place to eat when ur wasted and or hung over. The prices were pretty good. Wish they had places like this in LA hint hint!!!
5	I love Earl of Sandwich! Las Vegas is full of overpriced restaurants and you pay a premium for everything from pizza to coffee. It's nice to find a place on the Strip that has very fair priced sandwiches that are also delicious. All the sandwiches are priced $5.99. I actually have to say this was one of the best sandwiches I've had. The secret is in the bread. All their bread rolls are same for all their sandwiches and I'm not sure what kind it is, but it tasted almost biscuit-like. I got the Caribbean Jerk chicken sandwich, which had great flavor with tender chicken and also the banana peppers. The Full Montagu and the Original were also quite tasty. Everything came toasty and hot and why shouldn't it? They advertise their sandwiches as the world's best hot sandwich. A hot sandwich makes all the difference sometimes (actually the bread also makes all the difference). And hey, how can you argue with someone whose family has been making sandwiches for 250 years? I'm not sure if that story is actually true, but I hope this place opens more franchises in California!
4	Not a bad stop for a quick bite on the Strip.  Only one veggie option, really, but it's decent.  If you don't need a sit-down dinner, and don't want to spend a ton of money before going out that night, Earl of Sandwich is a sure bet.  WIsh it was just closer to the South Strip and MGM Grand and you didn't have to fight past the guys flicking nude chicks at you.
5	EARL OF MUTHAF'ING SANDWICH FOR THE MUTHAF'ING WIN.Sorry for being crass, but this place is awesome. I'm actually kind of glad there isn't an Earl's in Bay because it makes it more special. This past visit, I had the Jerk Chicken, the Club, and the Original and all of them did not fail. Right amount of contents and delicious bread all for $6.99. Located in Planet Hollywood by the entrance by Pinks. Avoid that mess of a hotdog stand and go inside for some quality sandwiches.Sincerely,The Duke of Earl of Sandwich
5	WOW! This is the best hot sandwich place!! I'm so sad that there isn't an Earl of Sandwich in California!!! :( On our last day of Vegas, we decided to eat at this restaurant. It's located in the Planet Hollywood shopping mall. We literally spent an hour trying to find this place since we thought it was located in MGM Grand, New York New York, or Monte Carlo. The sandwiches are really delicious! I love how the bread is toasted. MmMm..We had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Original. The jerk chicken sandwich had some sweetness to it due to the jerk sauce and the roasted red peppers. It wasn't spicy. I was actually surprised with the Original sandwich. I'm not usually a fan of roast beef with horseradish sauce, but the flavors worked well. The horseradish wasn't overpowering.  The sandwiches were $5-$6, so it is definitely a cheap eats.
4	Oh so good! We ate here almost everyday when we were in Vegas last week. I love the Tuna Melt sandwich. And the soups, especially the Broccoli Cream are the best. I didn't care so much for the breakfast sandwiches though. I wish they were more environmentally geared though. Almost everyone eats in so they shouldn't pack everyone's sandwich to go. But I guess that's just Vegas for you. Other than that this place is definitely a must!
5	This place has the best bread that I have ever had. I highly highly recommend this place. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and the Hawaiian BBQ chicken sandwich. Both were amazing! The food is great and the prices are even better!
5	I tried out Earl way back on a family trip to Florida and when the bf and I were staying at Planet Hollywood(our first time around) and didn't know what to eat for lunch, I suggested this place and we've been hooked ever since.On our second trip to Vegas I was most excited about this eatery. We ate here twice and were satisfied both times.  The bread is so yummy and I love warm sandwiches.  I also love the little sides they have.  We always grab a fruit cup and pasta salad.AMAZING food, great prices (rarity in Vegas), and convenient location. YAY
5	Any restaurant with 4.5 Stars after hundreds of ratings is going to attract my attention.  Today was the day I went to give this place a shot.I took my son along.  We decided that we were going to order an Original Sandwich & an Italian Sandwich.....that we we could split each of them and give them both a try.When we arrived, the place was packed.  However, this restaurant knows how to handle volume.  The ordering & payment process was smooth.I was surprised to see the selection of Chips, Fruit, Beer & Wine, and Muffins & Pastries that were available.  We found a 2 Top table and waited for our number to be buzzed.After about 10 minutes, our pager buzzed and I went to pick up our order.The Sandwiches are hot & toasted.  I eagerly bit into the Original Sandwich (Roast Beef, Cheddar Cheese, & Creamy Horseradish Sauce).  The Bread was toasted just right and the Roast Beef was tender, it melted in my mouth.  The bite of the Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish went very well with the meat & bread.....it was like heaven!  I couldn't get enough.....I wish I ordered a full sandwich.So, I couldn't wait to eat my half of the Italian (Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Mozzarella Cheese, Roma Tomato, and Zesty Italian Dressing).....again, it was toasted just right.  This sandwich also burst with flavor on my taste buds......oh man, I think I hit the jackpot!!!This place was off the hook!  For once, a restaurant lived up to the hype!  5 Stars in my book.The only knock for me is that it is very inconvenient for a local to get in/out of Planet Hollywood just to get a sandwich.Will I come back?  Abso-freakin'-lutely!
5	After a long night of drinking and walking around the Strip, this place is heaven! This has to be the best sandwich!! I'm super bummed that I have to wait until I'm in Vegas again to have it!! Oh well, I guess I need to plan another trip soon :DI had a BLT and I LOVED it! :) Must try this place! AND it's open 24 hours! Fantastic!
4	My friend suggested this place because it had such high ratings on yelp. Definitely a good place to go if you want to find yummy, quick, and casual food at a pretty good cost. Their sandwiches are indeed delicious, although not amazing. Especially good for lunches and late night snack =) Wouldn't mind coming back next time I come to Vegas!
5	Earls, oh Earls.  My love affair for the runaway weekend to Vegas!  I had it twice in two days and it still wasn't enough!  I almost forgot how amazing this place was!!!  Everything from the bread to the oozing, melted cheese mixed with their savory tuna....heaven, I tell ya.  I tried their Lemonade Iced Tea and it wasn't crackin...but they deserve 5 stars JUST for their Tuna Melt.  Omg, can we go back to Vegas for a day?!??  PLEASEEEE!
5	You'll get an awesome, great tasting sandwich at a really cheap price at Earl of Sandwich!Some of you may think $5.99 isn't cheap but, this isn't your cookie cutter luncheon meat $5 foot long sandwich from Subway either.  The quality and the flavor of their sandwiches is seriously awesome.  I usually order the Earl's Club which comes with Roasted Turkey, Bacon, Swiss and the fixings.  I don't like my sandwich toasted but I keep forgetting that they toast them here...grr..but it's still a good sandwich.If you're not feeling like chips, they offer Potato, Macaroni and Pasta Salads in their cold case, for only $1.59 each.EoS is great spot to grab a bite, especially late at night.  I need to check them out for breakfast sometime, if I can get my butt up that early...I mean, come on, this is Vegas! :)
5	When you're looking for a quick meal in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich should be very high on your list. It's conveniently located in the miracle mile near the entrance into the Planet Hollywood casino. I ordered the original roast beed sandwich which was hot, had plenty of meat, and cooked to perfection. I wish there was something else besides meat and bread, but that's all the description listed after all. For $6 it was a really filling meal and honestly one of the best paninis/hot sandwiches I've ever had.  I for sure want to eat here again next time I'm in town!
5	Had lunch at this place today.  Great sandwiches.   Fast and cheap which is often hard to find in LV.  Its a sandwhich chain like subway or quiznos but the food is 2 notches better.Its located at the entrace of the Miracle Mile shopping cntr in planet hollywood.Relax...enjoy...eat.
5	Went to Vegas this past weekend.  A friend wanted to come here so we walked from Treasure Island for lunch. I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and it was SOOOO good. My taste buds were loving me! I only ate half because no way could I finish the whole thing so I ate the other half for dinner later (which was still good cold!). After going clubbing, my other friend who also fell in love with the Hawaiian BBQ wanted to come back. I halved mine w/ another person but I wasn't even hungry. So I took a bite or two and finished the rest in the morning. I've never ate just one same thing for like almost 24 hours but wow this I could totally do!
5	Went to vegas for the weekend. I think Earl of Sandwich was the best part of the weekend. So good that we went back twice. Some of my friends would buy a sandwhich to eat and buy one to save for later.Prices are great for vegas on a budget. 5.99 for a sandwhich. I'd suggest the hawaiian bbq or italian. I've never had such a good sandwich before. must try when in vegas. it's opened 24 hours too!!! :]
4	Before I begin my review, a little Yelp history lesson.  The name comes from the apocryphal tale about the Earl of Sandwich (an actual position of nobility in the UK).  It was rumored that the Earl was gambling late into the night and in order to eat his meals at the table asked the chef to put the meat and vegetables between two pieces of bread. Voila, the sandwich is born.  Wikipedia doesn't mention this story and other sources on the subject say it's probably not true.Now you know why this place is called the Earl of Sandwich and why it's fitting that it's in a casino. The lines for lunch on Saturday afternoon tend to be long, but it's worth it.  All of the sandwiches, wraps, and salads were $5.99.  I also had a coffee that brought my total with tax to $8.50 or so.  I ordered the Montagu, which had roast beef in it.  The roast beef was much better than I would expect from a sandwich shop -- it was very juicy and was actual slices from a roast and not the typical deli slices (which has the potential to be chopped and formed odds and ends from the butcher).  The sandwich is smaller compared with with a Subway or Quizno's sub, but the quality is infinitely better.If you're looking for a cheap lunch (or late night bite since it's open 24-hours) I'd recommend the Earl of Sandwich.  It's at the entrance of the Miracle Mile shops at the Planet Hollywood, so you can make a quick entrance/getaway if you don't feel like getting sucked into a mall or casino.
4	My group of friends and I rolled into Vegas this past weekend at around 6 pmish.  We were staying at the Aria and after almost a half hour of indecision (Quiznos?  McDonalds? Harley Davidson Cafe?  Hooters?), we finally decided to go across Las Vegas Blvd to see what we could find in the Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood.Located just inside the entrance, the Earl of Sandwich has a couple things going for it.  It's pretty cheap for the strip (around $6 for a sandwich) and for a cheap sandwich, the quality is pretty good.I had the Cannonballs (meatball sandwich), which was decent.  It's no Genovese's (see my review) back in Alhambra, but it was passable.  My gf had the Hawaiian BBQ, which was very good.  Ordinarily I don't like pineapple too much (strange, since my dad's side is from Hawaii), but in this sandwich with the bbq sauce, it was really good.The portions are worth the money, but not a place to go if you're extremely hungry (that's what the Buffet of Buffets is for).
4	I heart this place. It's affordable and it's open 24/7!! How awesome is that?!I ordered the Earl's Cobb salad and it was quite delicious. The portion was a good amount and I really like the different ingredients. But the only downturn is that they provide way too much cheese. And it's not your ordinary shredded cheese, it's these huge square-diced cheese that ruined the dish. There must have been 3 or 4 different type of cheese.The bf ordered the Mediterranean Chicken wrap and he enjoyed it. No complaints on his behalf. Overall I would come here again when I am in town. It's a great place to come to for lunch or snack.
5	$5.99 HOT SANDWICHESThat alone says a lot considering the overly inflated Vegas prices pretty much anywhere else you'll go. But you know what else is pretty cool? THE ORIGINAL 1762: Freshly Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese + Creamy Horseradish Sauce   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=RF2G1GIdQBuowR5CXppVkAIf it's called the original + it's the first thing on the menu, it's gotta be pretty good, right? And it was! ... I don't even like horseradish actually, but this sandwich was amazingly good. And yes, it was consumed not once but twice while somewhat relatively sober + so I know for sure that this sandwich is legitimately delicious with its thinly sliced moist meat, melty cheese... But what really makes the sandwiches here pop is actually the bread; a good sturdy roll that's toasted on the outside + soft on the inside but it's too thick that steals the show from the flavorful goods inside but rather complements them. Other perks to this place are that it's right on The Strip inside the Planet Hollywood hotel so you don't have to venture off to find a decent cheap meal + additionally, that it's located literally just yards from The Strip entrance at front of the hotel / the Miracle Mile shops. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=KT9yRyjLmgbbmm72dBq3dQ As someone who despises winding around for miles through casinos due to all the secondhand smoke, this location was the perfect pitstop for us + I'd imagine for any drunkies wandering The Strip as well since it's open 24 hours. Don't be afraid of the line out front http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=LjjLhCDPTnzkt5g1NmRQGA; it moves fairly fast + gives you time to deliberate over their multiple good-looking options. A couple of my friends tried The Full Montagu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=RX13gt95IhW9qnsPNwYN4Q + The Earl's Club as well + said they were really good as well. The sandwiches are about maybe 8" long + they're cut in 1/2 so it's perfect to share when you need sustenance but don't want to be full. They come wrapped tight + in a little plastic bag so it's easy to take to-go or to eat in their dine-in seating area. Doesn't get too much better than this any time of day or night when you're looking for legit cheap, good food on The Strip in Vegas. Yea, it's just a sandwich shop so take this review into context, but it's a pretty damn good shop. For sure I'll be back.... + maybe to try one of their yummy-looking Ghirardelli chocolate brownies by the register, mmm...   =)Menu board of Hot Sandwiches: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=6G1HKUGrpTw6A3UG_3HkHw
5	After shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops, and getting our Fat Tuesday slushy drinks with alcohol, my friends and I were hungry and decided to get a small bite before having dinner. Our friend Danny suggested to go to this place because he said they had the best sandwiches. We were all a little iffy about this place because Danny wasn't someone you would take suggestions from, but we tried it anyway because we were starving. Their hot sandwiches were $5.99, which isn't too bad. It seemed as though everyone got The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Sandwich Sauce. It was DELICIOUS!!! Probably one of the BEST hot sandwiches I've ever had. I also had their sea salt and vinegar kettle chips and they were pretty good too. My friend Amanda got their Tomato Soup and she said it was yummy as well. I heard nothing but greatness from this place.It was soooo good, that we came back later after clubbing because they're open 24/7 and close to where we stayed (Planet Hollywood Westgate Towers). I would definitely recommend coming here for your late night/early morning food cravings instead of McDonalds or whatever place is open past midnight. I would even suggest coming here for lunch. I wish they had a closer location to Orange County because I would go here a lot if they did, but the closest is the one in Vegas.  P.S. This is probably 1 of the 2 best things our friend Danny did on our trip while in Vegas, and that should say a lot! ;P
5	These are my new favorite sandwiches.  We ate here twice on the most recent vegas trip.  Once for a late night snack, and grabbing one for the red eye plane ride home.  This is one of the best sandwich places I have ever been to, and almost as enjoyable as the old stage deli in the forum shops.  I love this place and cant wait to get back there next time to try a different sandwich.  Sandwiches run about 7 bucks a piece and perfect at the late night or early morning hours.
5	My husband and I were in Vegas this past week and we had to eat at Earl of Sandwich. As a matter of fact, that was our dinner Wednesday night and then lunch on Saturday. Yum.  He had the Full Montagu both times where I had the Earl's Club sandwich and the Earl's Cobb Wrap sandwich.  You really cant go wrong with the amount of food that you get, plus what you pay for it too. We both ate (each time) for $20. Talk about reasonable. It was nice to ease up on the wallet while in Vegas given that some of the other places you eat at, they can be a little pricey!Would definitely go back again!!!
5	Tasty sandwiches at all hours of the day?! YES PLEASE. In Vegas, good food at an affordable price is hard to come by. Skip the 24 hour diners in your hotel, with the greasy fare and slow service. This counter style shop is super efficient, cheap, and gooooooood. Stopped by hot and tired around lunch time, only to find a long line... I was tired and hungry, so I figured it'd be better to wait than venture back into the 100 degree heat for something else. Surprisingly, the line moved quickly. I also appreciate that they give you a buzzer when your food is ready so that there isn't a crowd waiting near the pick up counter. Food came quickly, also a big bonus. I got the club sandwich. The sandwich was hot and bread freshly toasted, the veggies were fresh, and the special "sandwich sauce" was tasty and they applied a nice amount (not too much to over power and soggy the sandwich, and enough so I could taste it).Would highly recommend!!
4	Open 24/7 in the Miracle Mile shopping mall.  You go up, order, pay and wait for the pager to tell you when your order is ready.Unfortunately they treat every order as a take out, so plenty of wasted plastic bags and the what-not.  Also, after you make your order, you go conveyer line down a series of desserts, chips, and bottled drinks and god help you if you weren't paying attention and have to scramble back to find something because you cause a bottleneck of customers even at midnight.Other than that, I really enjoyed the two sandwiches I split with the gf.  The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Sandwich Sauce) was recommended by the cashier and was very tasty.  The Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Earl's Mustard) was also really good.  I honestly couldn't tell you which one I enjoyed more.  Both were served on their own artisan baked loaf.The strawberry shortcake parfait was okay but overpriced.  I couldn't find the pudding =(I downed it all with Earl's Grey Lemonade (think Arnold Palmer) which was pretty good.Absolutely no qualms about trying more sandwiches though!
3	It *is* the future of sandwiches and one of the best "perfect little snacks" in Vegas. I always am romanced by the Montague, as I'm a turkey fan. Their meat isn't that good. It's not about the meat or ingredients, its about getting a gooey-just-out-of the oven 8 bites of love. Earl of Sandwich is the master of its domain.  It's also open 24 hours, and is very efficient. Get the hot stuff only, the cold sandwiches are poor. A perfect tasty cheap snack.Fast service. Unique.
5	Try the caprese, it is on point...Yes.  Like a friggin party in your mouth.It's next to a shopping 'mile', and adjacent to slot machines.  If you're checking out of Planet Hollywood, don't leave until you've had lunch here!
4	Nom nom and cheap, especially for Vegas.Wish I got to eat there more often.Minus 1 star for lack of pastrami (what kind of sandwich place doesn't have pastrami???)
5	This place is inside Planet Hollywood. When you walk in, its just to the left side. Good sandwiches. good spot to eat before shopping
4	Came here on a Friday afternoon, and there was no line...sweet! We got the Original and the Full Montagu. The sammies were nice and toasty.  The original had roast beef, caramelized onions, spinach, and horseradish. The full montagu had turkey, roast beef, tomato, lettuce and their sandwich sauce. Both were pretty tasty...I mean, not the best I've ever had...but served its purpose...Filling, cheap, and right in the Miracle Mile (my first stop on all Vegas trips).
4	Yummay.  The Bread they use is awesome.  I dunno the name of it but it melts in your mouth.  I got the Hawaiian sandwich and it sort of tasted like a Hawaiian pizza.  But the other sandwiches sound so good I must go back to try them.Oh yea this pace is located inside Planet Hollywood and on the way there, there was a massive exodus of females standing in a line that I could not see the end to.  We found out Justin Bieber was in the building.  I wanted to see him.  My friends did not.   So we just ate our sandwiches and left :(
5	I knew it was a five star when I came home from Vegas and started craving the original here. Yummy yum yum. I've wanted to come here this trip but J didn't want to. Until we were heading to the casino area here and there was a big crowd gathered around this place snapping photos their camera phones.. we got curious and I asked a couple...me: "excuse me, can you tell me who you're taking photos of?"the girl: "umm.... i dont know.."the guy: "someone from the lakers!"J goes to the other side and lo and behold, its Lebron! (ok, Lakers?!?) whoa! He was with his entourage with two big bodyguards holding tiny ipads (pretty funny considering how massive these guys were) FF a day later, we head over to planet to try this sandwich that Lebron had (yes, thats what convinced J to try it). Ordered the Original.. and whoaa!! Best roast beef swich i've had! The bread is amazingg! It has the right amount of crunch to it. Best bread on a hot sandwich thus far. I want to try all of their other hot sandwiches !LA needs one of these!
4	Foodage in Vegas is pretty fucking expensive...especially when you blew all your money at Spearmint.  So this place is heaven.  Golden, hot, steaming bricks of melted cheeses and fresh meat.  This is a hungover bachelors dream... after being denied a bj from the stripper the night before.Grab two sangwiches and head over to the pool at Encore.  Don't worry you can have two sangwiches before the pool.... you're not getting any play from the chicks there anyway.  Why starve yourself?!
4	this place is sooo tasty!!! its open 24/7 and located inside of planet Hollywood. Came here with my bf he copied me and we both got the earl club (6.99). one word: BOMB! and i also got their red potato salad (1.59) honestly usually potato salad at delis suck but this one is awesome and very fresh tasting, he just got the thick cut chips, and sodas. it came out to around $22 bucks for everything but we both were stuffed and it was all really good quality! I'd for sure go back! one thing to know is that they have a pretty good selection of sandwiches but there's only one size and one type of bread, unless you get a wrap, next time i wanna try their creamy tomato soup with croutons. good option if ur up late or leaving the club.
4	Great price for great sandwiches. Two words ALL AMERICAN.
4	After a drunken Vegas night, it's hard to remember what places are open late a night. Fortunately, this was one of the few places that I knew was open 24 hours.We eventually get here (inside Planet Hollywood), and we see the many different sandwiches to choose from. There's only one type of bread, and only one size but I bet they're all delicious. I settled for the Earl's Club. Turkey, bacon, hot cheese, and even grey poupon on the table. If there was one thing that could be a possible complaint, it'd be that it's a tad bit on the salty end. Because I had alcohol in my system, I enjoyed it; sober on the other hand, don't know about that.Sidenote: the cashier lady was pretty funny. She was a tidbit sassy; which I like in a potential mate. Next time I come back, I gotta try that Caribbean Jerk Chicken and holla at the sassy girl.
5	Ever had a late night, and somehow you found yourself at the Planet Hollywood hotel? Yeah? You have? Well, don't start wondering how you got there. This is Vegas. It's not worth rehashing crazy nights because you'll find out things about yourself that will haunt you for the rest of your life. Instead of all that, just remember that inside the PH, is the Earl of Sandwich.A warm, comforting place that will rock your world, soul, socks and anything else that is worth rockin'. The EoS is the spot that will kill your inner beast (better than del taco) with a heavenly sandwich.A while back, I stumbled into this place and ordered a Caprese sandwich and fell in love. Ever since, I make an extra effort to come out to the EoS for a sandwich. Yes, it's worth my effort to valet park at a Strip hotel, just for a sandwich.Some highlights:1. The bread. Fantastic crust, remarkable chewy dough, and a solid undertone of flavor. Blends well with any sandwich.2. Solid ingredients. Tomatoes, lettuce, etc. None of that stuff is wilted, gross or mossy. Can't say that about most sandwich shops on and off the strip (ahem SUBWAY).3. Menu. There is something for everyone on this menu, and the sandwich creations are very creative. The Original 1762, Cannonballs, Hawaiian BBQ.Hungry yet? Yeah? That's what I thought. You know where to go.
5	Open 24 hours now! Great tasting & cheap warm sandwiches.This place isn't just a place to go when ur on a budget... it's the place to go cus the sandwiches are THAT good. My first time I found out about this place, I ate here like 4 times in a couple days.Full Montagu first. Try the others if you get sick of it.The Hawaiian is really good, too.I'd say the only sandwich that I found to be less than great is their classic sandwich.The line gets really long in the peak hours on weekends, but moves pretty quickly; and the service is always pretty friendly and the workers are open to giving suggestions.
4	Best cheap meal in Vegas! Open 24 hours in the Planet Hollywood Casino, this place serves up a GOOD sandwich. The line runs pretty quickly during the day, and sandwiches run about $7. I ordered the Full Montagu and it was freaking delicious! I don't like mustard so I asked for it on the side but their mustard was pretty tasty! The tomato soup was super creamy and yummy as well. Next time you hit up Vegas, you gotta try this sandwich! It's so much better than the McDonald's alternative!
2	Perhaps I went on a bad day? I'm not sure. Mushy - mushy, ick. It seems like you taking a bunch of stuff that is supposed to be great together - mashing it together without any care for texture or the final product in general. I have to say I was supremely disappointed. Huge lines. The french onion soup? It's pretty sad. The beer? It's $5 for domestic.  Bleh.
4	Every time we walked by this place there was a monster line and now I know why. I got the Italian sub and it was amazing and full of flavor. The bread is incredible and there was just the right amount of dressing on it. The wife got the "Classic" I love roast beef but I'm not the biggest horseradish fan. I took a bite of hers and really liked it. The horseradish didn't over power the sandwich.  However my wife was expecting a little more bite and wished there had been more of the dressing. So just an FYI that you might want to ask for extra at least on the side. To me it was perfect. Prices were good as well. The sandwiches were $5.99 and compared to Subway or a Quiznos Earl's kills them both.
4	When you punch in "cheap eats" in Las Vegas and this pops up, you have to try it.For $5.99 a sandwich this is a best buy on the strip. Located in the Planet Hollywood hotel, it's a but hard to find, but worth the trip.The bread is a pressed (panini) version of an Italian roll. It's a texture I haven't tasted before.The Full Monague & Italian were recommended so we had to try them. Fortunately, we did not hit a long line so our food was ready in 10 minutes. The way they put together the meats and bread is tremendous. Crunchy, soft and tasty all at once!One nice touch is they have stickers for each of their sandwich items so you don't have guess which one is which. I'd give it 5 stars, but the sandwich isn't that big...good thing I'm not that hungry for breakfast.
4	I guess this is what you consider "cheap" food on the Strip. The line was long but it moves along efficiently. Their sandwiches are delicious and warm, even in the hot weather. The Earl Club was amazing. There was a really strong bacon flavor and the roasted turkey went well with the melted swiss cheese. The Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich was also very good. I liked the sauce alot. The veggies were fresh. The in-house jalapeno chips were good and decently priced. I'll definitely come back if I'm ever in Vegas.
5	It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!that is all. bread!
4	OM NOM NOM. What a delicious way to end our first night in Vegas. I split a club sandwich, and it was so delicious. The bread was perfectly toasted, everything just crispy enough, and very flavorful. I am really looking forward to making this my last stop for the next few nights.
5	You're really not going to get a better deal on sandwiches and soups anywhere else on the strip than at the Earl of Sandwich! Sandwiches are ~$6. It's not going to get any better than that in Vegas.One of my favorite sandwiches is the "Best BLT" and the "Montague," which consists of hot roast beef and turkey!Also, conveniently, Fat Tuesday is located next to the Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood. So, what's better than a hot sandwich and a nice yardlong of 190octane in Vegas?
4	I read a lot of amazing reviews on Earl of Sandwich prior to our last Vegas trip so I was really hyped up about their sandwiches.  Many people mentioned that their sandwiches are huge and big enough to share...I disagree though (but perhaps I'm spoiled by the ginormous sandwiches in the Bay Area).Anyway, I shared the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and a cup of Clam Chowder with my boyfriend and I thought that was the perfect amount of food.  The sandwich was grilled to a perfect crisp and the chicken was very moist.  The sauce added the right amount of tang and kick and the banana peppers added the perfect extra crunch.  I would definitely recommend that sandwich.  The clam chowder on the other hand was very mediocre and not something that I would get again.We had a 10% (or 15%?) off coupon from the Miracle Mile Coupon Book (available at the information desk...just present your key card if you are staying at PH or mention the Southwest Spirit Magazine) so our total came out to be a little under $9, which is an awesome deal for lunch for two in Vegas ;)Best of all, Earl of Sandwich is open 24/7 so you can grab an awesome cheap meal any time of the day!
5	Delicious.  Enough said.  Oh wait, it's open 24/7 also.  Stayed at PH with some friends and we ate every meal here.  It was THAT good.  The Montagu was bomb and the tomato soup was bursting with tomato flavor.  Definitely will visit this place for late night snacks each time I'm in vegas.
4	I had their sandwiches THREE times (as silly as it sounds) during my last weekend Vegas trip. It's that good. I have tried the Mediterranean Chicken Wrap, the Earl's Club, and All American. And I must say the Earl's Club is the best comforting food. Their artisan bread is excellent, and the portion size is reasonable.If you're seeking a cheap hearty midnight snack that is going to satisfy your hunger, this is the place to go because it's open 24 hours. And it's convenient to find because it's right off the strip in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.
5	A Few Tips before going to Earl's1. Go to the Miracle Mile Information Booth and ask for a Coupon Book. Inside you will find a 10% OFF coupon (entire purchase). If they asked how did you hear about the coupon, let them know you heard it from Southwest.2. Lines could get long after 12 p.m, but they're very efficient and they move insanely fast. Open 24hrs.Here is how I would rank the 5 sandwiches I tried:1. The Earl's Club - Simply Delicious 4.5 / 5 Stars2. The Full Montagu - 4.25 / 5 Stars3. Tuna Melt - 4.25 / 5 Stars4. The Original - 4 / 5 Stars5. Caribbean Jerk Chicken - 4 / 5 StarsYou really can't go wrong with any of these sandwiches I tried. Like many reviews, I think the bread here is amazing! Earl's of Sandwich is affordable @ $5.99 a sandwich and they are absolutely delicious. If you like Horseradish or the taste of Hot Mustard, the Original may be the one for you. I highly advise people to split their sandwiches with their friends, just so one can try a variety of sandwiches. Tomato Soup - 3 / 5 StarsChicken Noodle Soup - 2.5 / 5 Stars
2	i guess its not my type of sandwiches.  a lot of raves about this place and i've given it about half a dozen tries and still not impressed.
3	Just your average sandwich.1. Okay prices. $5.99 for a toasted ciabatta sandwich.2. Except for the pricey bottled water. $2.50 for the water. Wtf? Go across the hall to the convenience store in the mall. It's 99 cents for a bigger bottle.3. No wheat options at all for either the wraps or the sandwiches.
5	To my dearest Earl,You have swept me away with your delectable mouth watering sandwiches.  The line certainly didn't discourage me from trying your sandwiches; actually the line went by pretty fast.  As I stood there struggling with what I wanted to order, after much debate, I decided on the Full Montague...and it was simply amazing.  Earl, you put Quizno's to shame in a heart beat.  It was packed with roast beef, turkey, and veggies.  I will say it again...it was ahhhmazing in every bite. You have and will become one of many of my food love affairs with every Vegas visit.Love,Crystal N.
5	one word...AMAZINGGGGG!!!I discovered earls while I was in vegas for my 21st with my best friends and we were walking around the strip our first night. The sandwiches are simply delicious! I had the tuna melt and it literally melted in my mouth. I was uber happy. My best friend got the thanksgiving sandwich [[i forgot what it was called]] but he said it tasted like thanksgiving one bite at a time--so no false advertising there! My girl and I actually got more filling in our sandwiches cause one of the guys behind the counter was eyeing us I guess. So moral of the story if you want a nice fuller sandwich just smile at the guys working ;Dp.s. please come to CA already!! =[
5	whooooooo!!!Why is Earl of Sandwiches such a TEASE?!  Come on! Why does it taste sooooo good and yet I can only have you in VEGAS?!  I tried this place for the first time on my latest Vegas trip and...WOW~!  1) It's cheap GOOD food in VEGAS!  2) It's cheap GOOD food in VEGAS! 3) IT'S CHEAP GOOD FOOD IN VEGAS!  You can't beat that!  You absolutely JUST CAN'T BEAT THAT!  Where can I start?  I was searching for cheap food and VOILA!  Earl of Sandwich popped up first with over 300 reviews and 4.5 stars!  I didn't really believe what I was seeing so my friends and I decided to try it.  I ordered the Earl's Club.  I took my first bite....I can't even explain how gosh darn good it was...the bread was warm, moist and soft.  Meat was heated to perfection and the cheese...cheesy goodness!  This place was SO GOOD that my friends and I came back to eat here one last time.  This time I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ.  MMmMM for tangyness!  A lot of chicken, bread, again AWESOME!, pineapple nomz!  Overall...if you're ever in Vegas...EAT AT EARLS!
5	Great sandwich spot. It's 5.99 for some major goodness. The bread is probably the best part of the sandwich and the meat in the "full montagu" is so good. I really enjoyed the taste of the roast beef and used the steak sauce they had. The tomato soup was really creamy and full of flavor. This is a must return to spot. If you've spent too much of your money gambling or partying, this place will not destroy the rest of your wallet.Recommendation: Full Montagu sandwich
5	What a bargain for Las Vegas!I couldn't believe my friend when she said we had to try this sandwich place located inside Planet Hollywood, but I am a go-with-the-flow type of person, so I agreed to try it.  Earl of Sandwich is so amazing for $5.99 a pop!If you are starving after skipping breakfast/lunch from sleeping/gambling, and just want to pick up something quick, this is THE PLACE to go.  I think what makes them so good is the bread and the toasted heat.  The bread is fluffy and not the regular toast or the baguette kind that you'd get from Subways.  I had the Earl's Club, which was good.  My friend also said roasted beef was good, so I am thinking to try the Full Montagu next time.Overall, GREAT value and YUMMY food.
5	Was in Vegas last weekend and made a stop here for some food, I got the Earl club(I believe thats what it was called) and it was amazing, best sandwich I have ever had and very filling, I wish they had one of these in Phoenix!!! Will eat here again when I go back to Vegas.
5	I love sandwiches and this place is a must! I wish I knew about this place sooner. For $5.99 a sandwich, this place is bomb!Earl of Sandwich is located inside Planet Hollywood and is a fast food-type joint. But better. From my memory, they have about 10-12 different sandwiches and more salads and wraps. But please, try a sandwich. I ordered the Full Montagu, which has roast beef and turkey in it. I waited less than 10 minutes for my sandwich and sat in the restaurant to eat. The sandwich was quite a delight. After eating at buffets the day before, it was nice to bite into something fresh and more light. All the ingredients were fresh. I especially like tomatoes and bread. Oh the bread!! The start of a good sandwich is the bread and this place got it right. The bread was unlike other sandwich breads I've had before and it was just plain delicious. The whole sandwich left me super full and excited to come back here the next time I go to Vegas. I'm just amazed at how cheap the sandwich is. Sandwich lovers and Vegas goers, check this place out!
5	The sandwiches are amazing!!! My favorite is The Best BLT with mayo. The bread is perfect. The sandwiches are only $5.99 and are way better than the $10+ sandwiches found in other restaurants on the Strip.  Earl of Sandwich has definitely raised the bar on hot sandwiches.
5	I have been to this place about 6 times and counting! It's fast service and ALWAYS good food! I love the brownies and have to order it with my sandwiches. Price is perfect and it's open late!
5	best sandwich place in vegas!
4	Sandwiches here are good, I dont think its as AMAZING as others say. It gets 4 stars simply because of  the price, considering its in Vegas. $6 for a sandwich of this quality is probably one of the best deals you can get on the strip. I've had The Original, Carribean Jerk Chicken, Hawaiian BBQ, and Ham N Swiss. The Original is definitely the standout of the bunch, a standard warm roast beef sandwhich with cheese and horseradish on good bread. I think people tend to hype this place up because they havent had this type of sandwhich before, but if you have its really not that special. All the other ones were just okay. Best part about this place was that it was open at 6am on a Saturday morning! Go here for a quick, cheap lunch/breakfast if youre near planet hollywood so you can save your money later for Buffet/Fine dining. But definitely do not expect to stumble upon the holy grail of all sandwiches.
4	Can't quite give them a 5 cuz I would have to have a second try for that. They are no doubt a true 4.5 though. I came here at about 6:30-7 am after a long party night. Starting to feel a little hung over and very hungry, I stopped in for a bite. I think I got a grilled turkey club for a bout $6ish. The sandwich was very, very good. It really hit the spot and was exactly what I needed at that very moment. I remember thinking how well the melted cheese, warm turkey, spicy mustard, and toasted bread all went together. It was a very satisfying meal to say the least and was exactly what I was looking for at that hour. I am so happy to have found this place that is open 24 hrs as so many casinos just don't have anything open at these hours.
5	I love this place. Ate here twice when I visited Las Vegas. The Sandwiches are delicious, I can't wait to go back. I remember they had a special sandwich for thanksgiving. Turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, etc. It was great. Also tried a couple others (girlfriend and picked different ones and shared). They were all great.
3	After reading all the reviews here, I decided to go and try these sandwiches. Unfortunately, I'm not sure what the fuss is about. These sandwiches are a step above Subway, but I wouldn't say "incredibly delicious." They are pretty average and what makes them different is the bread. Their bread is partially baked and it's finished after the order is taken and it goes through their "special toaster" with all the ingredients on top. Smaller than your average Subway, but it does the job of killing your hunger. Their frozen lemonade on the other hand, is worth trying. A little bit on the sweet size, but good. We ordered the meatball sandwich, and the meatballs were moist and pretty good. I wouldn't say excellent, though. I have tried better ones at other places like Philadelphia! The BLT was delicious and I would definitely recommend it. I ordered a chicken soup, just to try something else as well, and this soup would be recommended for someone with a hangover who will not know the difference between quality and quantity. Not a soup, but closer to a gravy! YUK!Will I return to Earl of Sandwich, perhaps but only for their BLT and frozen lemonade. I was not taken by anything that will give them the name of spectacular sandwiches, just a cut above average.
5	Went to early this morning around 4am and it was packed!  I ordered "The Earl's Club" and it was delish!  What makes the Sandwich is the bread and the special sauce. But oh..that bread, crunch exterior and a soft interior. The turkey on the sandwich tasted fresh and the bacon was just right.  I was surely full and very satisfied.  This will be my go to place whenever I visit Vegas!
5	3..4...5...times ive tried this place, finnally a YELP review..located in Planet Hollywood, PINKS hotdogs right outside =)a week ago, i truly found my love of all sandwichesTHE HAWAIIAN BBQ! i seriously i have no words to explain this sandwich.. a tropical blast of flavors as it melts into your mouth..crunchy toasted bread and then when u feel like its gnna be crispy when you bite into it, the juices explode..from the meet and from the pinapples and from the bbq sauce.. OMYYYmy first time here, i had the FULL MONTAGU and i top of that, their tomato bisque, a perfect combo for a late night dinner...i mixed it up, i used half the sandwhich as a dip sandwhich, the other half, ate it by itself! i cant believe that although theyre a sandwhich place, they also have amazing soup!this place is always a  must stop for vegas goeers..ill be coming to see you again this week EARL! be ready for me
4	So I went to this place for a late night dinner because some friends recommend that it was so great. I would give this place a 4 as a sandwich place. I personally enjoyed ikes(in sf) a lot more.There are definitely some good points about this place. One of the best thing about it is that it opens 24 hrs and thats a major plus for me. I enjoyed the fact that this place opens 24 hrs :). Anyway I'm not gonna lie but this place is pretty good. Im just saying i would say this would be my 2nd favorite sandwich place. Although I must say that the bread in Earl is a lot better than the one they have in ikes. I enjoyed the fact that their bread is hot and crispy. That is one reason why I do like this place. The price is pretty decent. It is around $6 but i need like 1 sandwich + 1/2 sandwich to really get me full. It is definitely worth a try if you live around planet hollywood or if you are hungry in the middle of the night then it is a nice place to try out.
3	This place is a 3.5 on the chart for me.  Located inside of Planet Hollywood and it's open 24 hours.  Feel free to come here anytime you like the sandwiches are fresh at all times.  We ordered the Original, Full Montague, Hawaiian BBQ, and the Earl's club. I got to try a bit of all of those sandwiches except for the Earl's.  Taste is good but if I had to choose I would pick the Hawaiian BBQ. Chicken, ham, cheese, pineapple and bbq sauce goes really well together.  The price for the sandwich is fairly priced but it's not that big of a sandwich.  Probably the size of a 6 inch sub.  They don't put a lot of meat inside as well.  It's more bread than meat for sure.  Some bites had nothing but bread.  Definitely a good spot to hit up after the clubs though, using the bread to soak up all the alcohol and hopefully you won't puke it all out after.
4	The first time I came to Earl's, I was super drunk. And my tuna melt was incredibly delicious.  The second time, I was very sober.  And my caprese was ok.I'm not sure if the tastiness of the sandwiches was due to my drunk ass or their inconsistency.  I guess there will have to be a third visit in future.
5	It's been 3 weeks and I am still thinking about this sandwich, how delicious it was in every possible way.My heart aches a little more because the closest Earls is only in Sin City.. It was the best and cheapest meal I ever had in Las Vegas. Who knew something so simple as a sandwich done right could take your breath away. I don't know, maybe I was starving, maybe it was the crispy yet soft incredibly fresh bread....just that combination of roasted turkey, bacon, roma tomatoes, pepperoncinis, and sauce.Earl and your club....you are my long distant lover, till we meet again...
5	Every time I head in to Vegas, I make sure that I stop at Earl of Sandwich. My friends and I always order different sandwiches and share so we each get a taste of everything :]I recommend:The Full MontaguCaribbean Jerk ChickenTuna MeltCannonballs!Hawaiian BBQThe Caprese Sandwich is ok...but everything above is pretty good!!The price of each sandwich is around $6-7!AND GUESS WHAT! ITS OPEN 24 HOURS!!!!
4	Alright, I guess I'll finally post a review of good old Earl of Sandwich. My biggest issue with this place and my only true gripe is that they removed my favorite sandwich and every time I ask they tell me they have no clue why. For anyone who has had the Ultimate Grilled Cheese you will know why I am so upset that I knocked a full star off. I've been to this place at least 25-30 times and ever since they took this sandwich off the menu my heart has been bleeding for it to return. Until this returns to the menu I will be forced to eat only semi-amazing sandwiches and cry in the fetal position in front of the cash register until security carts me off. You'd think I would be banned after doing this 5 times but I guess I have a forgettable face. BRING BACK THE ULTIMATE GRILLED CHEESE.
5	The elusive Earl of Sandwich is what I call this place! I've been here for a few times when I come to Vegas and always get confused when I get into Planet Hollywood Casino.  My friends and I crave this place and it's always an adventure trying to find this little location (although last time around we went twice in 24 hours and I think we finally know how to get to it.)  This place is open 24 hours which is fantastic and there is nothing better than to eat than their Original sandwich (roast beef) when you're walking around drunk/hyper-like.Every time we've come here the line isn't too bad and the food is served fast.  It's always hot, so I feel assured that it's not sitting under a heat lamp in the back somewhere.  It's also cheap, which in Vegas, is rare. I think its about $7 or $8 for the Original sandwich and its a good size, I'm always full after devouring it.  I love this place and will continue to come back every time I'm in town!
5	this place has just become synonymous to my vegas trips. 2 days in a row of hangover panacea, so far ive tried the "caprese" and "the original", both are to die for.  extremely recommended. fuck me.
5	A must in Vegas! Make sure to check out Earl of Sandwich when you are in town. What to order: Hawaiian Pinapple BBQ SandwichOn the lighter side: Kids sandwich and a bowl of chicken noodle soupWhen to go: They are open all hours of the night!What to wear: Anything goes
4	I went here twice the last time I went to vegas and shared a couple of different sandwiches: full montagu, the original, and the earl sandwich. The full montagu was by far my favorite but they were all excellent sandwiches. At 6 bucks a pop you can't beat that price especially in vegas!
4	Before leaving Vegas on a Sunday afternoon, my bf, cousin, and her bf wanted to go somewhere quick but good. Luckily, my bf found this place on yelp :DWe missed the lunch line so there wasn't much of a wait. I ordered the full montagu and my bf ordered their original with the roast beef&cheddar. Omg.. how happy were we!!! Their sandwiches are soooo good! The bread is toasted perfectly! Cheese was melted in with the meat and it was just perfect. Came back here a month later and was still as satisfied as my first time. Definitely a must try if you're in Planet Hollywood. :) I'm going to make sure to stop by this place every time I'm in Vegas.
4	My favorite place to eat when I'm tired of the food courts on the strip.I've only tried the club sandwich (which is excellent BTW), but I hope to try the other ones next time i'm in Vegas. The bread is toasted perfectly and there is a nice variety of hot sandwiches.
5	I love this place!! Its so good and in Planet Hollywood which is really convenient, but may be hard to find. All of the sandwiches there are great... and none of them disappoint me, but the one that stood out to me was the tuna melt !! It does look like a regular tuna sandwich at first, but when you bite into it. It tastes so good. I would also recommend the full montagu, BLT, carribean chicken wrap, and much more....but I can't remember right now!The price is ok also... about $6 or $7 a sandwich. The potato soup is also really good, must try!!Also, what I like about this place is that you can either have your salad in a tortilla wrap or in a bowl, and they both cost the same too! You must stop by this place before leaving Las Vegas! If only there was one in the bay area.....
5	One of THE best sandwich shops I've ever been to!Thank you, Five Hundy by Midnight, for recommending this place at the Planet Hollywood Casino!  They are either open late or 24 hrs, because we arrived after 2am and were able to order a sandwich.I started with the Club and tried the All American on the 2nd visit - both awesome, but the Club was better.My husband started with the BLT and tried the Hawaiian BBQ on the 2nd visit - both awesome, but he liked the BLT better.My other friend is in love with the Full Montague and thought the soup was tasty as well.Their unique brick-shaped tasty bread and their sandwich sauces make this place so good that now that we've returned home from Vegas, we have looked up all other Earl of Sandwich locations and will make a special stop next time we go to one of those cities.,
5	This place is as good as it gets.  We stayed in Vegas PH for 3days and 2nights and we must ate at Earl's like 4 times.  First this place is open 24/7, so both nights after the clubs in 5am we stopped by this place and got some sandwiches too good.  Besides being open 24/7, the sandwiches are sooo good specially the Montagu sandwich.  That was the only one I tried, and it was so good that I didn't bother to try something else.  Why was it soo good?  The bread was fresh, the meats were hot, and the tease was good overall.  Ohh the sandwich is only $6, it is way cheap for being in Vegas.  oh and btw did I mention that the sandwiches are good as hell?
4	Earl of Sandwich!!! Great prices for GREAT sandwiches! We all know that just about anything in Vegas costs an arm and a leg. Even their McDonald's are a bit more expensive than your typical local mickey Ds. Earl of Sandwich's sandwiches typically costs under $7.00. Like Janice H. mentioned, it is a BARGAIN for LAS VEGAS! I wish there's an Earl of Sandwich in LA!
2	2.5/5The fifth scotch went down like water. I stumbled through Aria's magnificent mall, eyeing expensive Kiton  and Tom Ford suits, wishing I had been born an heir to some vast fortune. "I deserve something nice." I had told myself.  Only a single twenty remained in my wallet after an unfortunate losing streak at the roulette table. Food. I can get food. A bridge later, I was inside Planet Hollywood, ready for the "best sandwich in Las Vegas", as it had been touted by fellow yelpers and friends. Earl of Sandwich seems like a typical sandwich place, and in many ways it is. They have a small sandwich collection, non-existent side dishes, and ordinary prices. It's not without its charm, and I have to say that I love their logo, a wigged Englisman with a look of condescension emanating from his profile. I decided to go with the Turkey and Bacon sandwich, while my girlfriend ordered the Original.My choice was underwhelming. The bread was the best part, nice and crisp, with a bit of a cheese baked into it. However, the quality was not much better (if that) than something from Panera (their asiago bread is very similar to the bread used at Earl of Sandwich). If I had to pick the overarching theme of Earl of Sandwich, it would be saltiness. I know that bacon and turkey are processed and that nitrates and sodium are a given, but the salty taste was just so in your face that I couldn't even finish my sandwich, even with the dreaded "drunk munchies" I get after having a few ounces of  Johnny Walker Red Label in me. They are about 7 inches long, which is 7 inches too much to eat when a sandwich is that salty. My girlfriend's sandwich was better, but not by much. The horseradish in her original sandwich gave the roast beef a bit of a kick, but that saltiness still prevailed in the end. It was edible, however, and I ended up helping her finish hers. I can't recommend the turkey and bacon, but the original is okay. It's decent, something a little better than Panera (if that), but not worth going out of your way for. Described as a sandwich pilgrimage, I had expected more from the little shop. Perhaps the alcohol dimmed by tastebuds, but I find it hard to believe that less than half the people who eat her don't have at least half a stomach full of alcohol anyway.  Sir Earl of Sandwich, you let me down, and I challenge you to a duel! We'll do it right after I stop having these massive fart attacks from your sandwiches.(rounded down for massive farts caused by this establishment)
4	We ate here twice this weekend. Planet Hollywood's food selection is FUCKING terrible! Good thing Earl of Sandwich is in here or else there would be shat to eatz. For $6 you can get an awesome sandwich. 24/7 goodness here.
4	There are definitely many places to grab a bite at super late/early hours on the strip, but I give props to EoS for being good quality stuff at a decently low price.  I tried a couple of the sandwiches and both were excellent - gooey, fresh-tasting, and yummy bread.  The location isn't bad - inside PH, which is close to the middle of the strip.While it doesn't have quite the same Vegas feel as a $6 plate of steak and eggs, you can at least be assured you're getting some quality food for your buck.  If only the closest one to me wasn't Detroit, I'd totally consider this a great lunch spot.
4	Really good place to stop in and grab a sandwich.  Awesome selection and the quality is great.  The only downside is if you don't know where it is, you may have to ask a couple people to find it as Planet Hollywood can be a little confusing to navigate (absolutely by design).And the best part...you can hop right over to the sports book with your food and try to make back the money you spent
4	$5.99 for a great sandwich is such a steal in Vegas. I can't believe of all my Vegas trips, I've never come to Aladdin/PH. With over 300 reviews, I'm so surprised no one's told me to come here before!With the new City Center sky bridges connecting Aria to the PH, it's so convenient to walk across the street for a bite. Its right at the entrance of PH and you can't miss it. There is plenty of seating around after you order at the counter. Every sandwich is baked to order. I had the Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Sandwich Sauce) which was awesome although "sandwich sauce" sounded questionable haha. My friend had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce) which unfortunately wasn't very flavorful. The The Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Swiss & Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomato & Earl's Mustard) is good too.I'd come back in a heartbeat!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. As me and my boys where staying at Planet Hollywood we stumbled on the shop. Did not look like anything serious but we were hungry and the prices and selection was great. I had the Earl special and let me say I was the best sandwich I ever had!! My friends had the Caribbean sandwich and they said it was slamming. Must of ate here 4 times in 5 days! I just wish they had one near my house.
5	There really isn't anything more to say that hasn't already been said.   Heading to Vegas for Labor Day weekend!  Woo hoo!  Party party?  Well, yes that's a given.  But is it sad that one of the stops I am looking forward to making is THE Earl of Sandwich?  24 hours a day 7 days a week of yummy sandwich goodness!Been here at least four times and it has been consistently good EVERY time.  And soo soo soo soo cheap!  Can't believe I'm eating on the Las Vegas strip type of cheap!  My favorites - the Original 1762 (soo much roast beef), The Full Montagu, and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. I'm sure anything you order here will be great - but those are my favorites.  Not just good at 4AM when you're drunk, stumbling through the deserted Miracle Mile shops of PH (which, by the way-resembles some sort of Zombie Apocalypse 4AM!) AND STILL good at 5PM the next day before a night of drinking.  The key is the quality of the bread, the meat, and sauces.  The competition needs to take a page out of Earl of Sandwich's playbook - quality over quantity.  Generous portions of meat but NOT too much meat to overdo it. Not like those other sandwich shops that just serve you the side of an animal piled up between two small slices of bread.  . Earl of Sandwich serves the perfect amounts of meat, sauce and veggies.The process is so streamline - the line may seem long but they have fulfillment down to a science so it moves fast.  Place your order, listen for your number - done!A word of advice - if you are a big eater - order two sandwiches.  I'm not saying they're small by any means - but they are soo good and go down so easily - you'll be craving another.  TRUST me.
5	Ah, the inventor of the sandwich. (is he really?)At first, I was getting frustrated trying to find this place in  Planet Hollywood, but it was definitely worth the search. It's cheap, filling, and extremely good!I went to Las Vegas this past month and tried earl of sandwich for my very first time. I can't believe I was missing out on such an amazing sandwich! Before I thought, "it's just a sandwich", I mean  how good can a sandwich possibly get? This, my dear, is as good as it gets. I'm sure this place steals pieces of heaven to put in their sandwich. I've only gone here twice throughout the duration of my stay in Vegas and the sandwiches I tried were the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. These are both winners in my book. I don't know how they do it but they put just the right amount of everything in these sandwiches. At first I thought the meat makes the sandwich or maybe a secret sauce but now I'm positive it's all in the bread. I may be mistaken but I think I had read somewhere that they don't bake the bread until you order it. Is it possible to bake bread that quickly? Whatever their secret is, it definitely works and is well worth any wait you may experience. (I didn't have to wait long but I've heard the lines get pretty long).
4	How can anyone not love this place?! It's open 24 hours to boot!This was our first stop in Vegas per friends' recommendations and it was great! The sandwiches were fresh, flavorful, and fun to eat! I was perfectly stuffed after one but some friends bought another and shared. I love how the bread is crisped and the meat inside tastes really good. My only critique would be that they all start tasting the same after awhile, unless there's horseradish in there, haha.
4	I love this place . The Sandwich's are pretty Tasty Ive been here twice and have had the Club Sandwich and the Bacon Egg and Cheddar sandwich. Plus it seems to be open 24 Hrs and a great place to people watch. Packs of Women WOW!!
5	Earl of Sandwich is located in the Planet Hollywood hotel. All the sandwiches are $5.99 (which is a steal in vegas). Think Quizno's but 100 times better in flavor and in quality. Earl of Sandwich offers several specialty sandwiches, all toasted on their famous artisan bread. When I first approached Earl of Sandwich, the line was wrapped around the corner, and I cringed, thinking I would have to wait an eternity before I could get my hands on one of their tasty sandwiches. To my surprise, the line went by quite quickly, and we got our food order within 10 minutes. Not too shabby, especially with the mob that was surrounding the place.  Highlights:Club: Turkey, bacon, lettuce tomato, sandwich sauce. subbed out sauce for their house mustard which is a mix of dijon and honey mustard. The sandwich was just plain good. The bacon was not too fatty and it added the perfect smokiness to the turkey. The crunch of the bread mixed with the meat and veggies was a pure delight! This was my favorite sandwich of the day. Montagu: Turkey, Roast beef, lettuce, tomato, house mustard. I liked this sandwich too. There wasn't an overwhelming amount of meat, and again it all kind of worked together. Italian: This was also very good. Typically, italian sandwiches (i.e. grinders) are way too salty for me because of all the different types of meat (which all tend to be on the salty side) To my surprise, the warm sandwich really hit the spot for me without making me run for a glass of water to wash down all the sodium. Ham Egg and Cheddar breakfast sandwich- I thought this breakfast sandwich was just ok. I definitely think that the other specialty sandwiches are better deal in price and in flavor. It was kinda bland, and I needed my special hot sauce to give it a zing. ($3.99)Earl of Sandwich was so good, that I went there TWICE in one visit (especially with all the good places vegas has to offer). It's definitely a good alternative if you're trying to stay on budget, without sacrificing flavor. Highly recommended!
5	My god. Who said not everyone in Vegas can hit the jackpot. For $5.99 a sandwich, its a fucking steal at Earl of Sandwich. Dont matter what time of day it is, we all know Vegas never sleeps. Neither does Earl of Sandwich since it is opened 24 hours. You get to see some interesting drunks at 3am in the morning. All these different sandwiches to choose from made when you order it so its all nice and hot. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and the gf got the Earls Club. Lets just say after a night of drinking, the sandwich hits the spot in all angles.Instant fan.
5	Can't beat these prices anywhere in Vegas. I had the Earl club, and it was unlike any other sandwich I've ever had. Breads really soft but still crisp. Definitely a must if you're on a low budget.
3	i really wanted to like earl of sandwich, i really wanted to.  when you come from san francisco and you get spoiled with ike's and little luccas, earl of sandwich is absolutely no comparison at all. they aren't even in the same ball park.i tried a hawaiian sandwich, it was mediocre at best. the bread was definitely fresh, the toppings and meat were all decent but i guess i wasn't really feeling the sandwich. but since i will be in vegas again, i dont mind giving it another chance to hopefully redeem itself.
5	This place has the best sandwiches and soup ever! Better than subways or quizznos! Its open 24/7 and its soo freakin cheap!! All of their sandwiches is freakin amazing!!! You must try this place out!
5	In Vegas, when my poor college-student wallet is crying from being stretched out, eating at Earl of Sandwich is a relief. Best sandwiches ever! I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich -- I love pineapple. The bread was crispy on the outside, warm on the inside...my tastebuds were having a giant orgy. Accompanied by the Earl Grey Lemonade, I was having one heck of a good time.Unfortunately the bbq sauce on my sandwich grew overpowering when I bit into the second half. Which only means I will have to come back and try the other flavors!
5	Why did I not eat at this place sooner? I went back here twice with 3 other people twice within our trip to Vegas.The bread on all of their sandwiches is extremely tasteful, has just the right amount of crisp to it, and is to freaking DIE for. That's not even talking about the whole taste of their entire sandwiches.The Earl's Club, Best BLT, and Italian sandwich = Preparty, party, and after party in your mouth. I wanted to try the Canonballs! sandwich and luckily one of the people I was with ordered it and said it was amazing as well.The price was perfect, staff was friendly, ahhh ... I wish there was one closer to home! Yum, yum, yum.
2	I like the fact that it's open 24 hours.  The sandwiches are par, but I can do this at home and so can you.  The bread is decent so you got that Earl.  If I were to open this chain in LA, it would fail.  To generic and not enough veggies....
3	We ate here twice. It is really cheap. There was quite a line but it moved fast.  Got the montague, it was super yummy. I would say perfect for one person. The bread is soft and fresh. Great sandwhich place like everyone says.We came here again late night because nothing else was open and Pink's was closed by the time we got out of our show.  This time we got the Hawaiian. I would say it was not as good, but when nothing is open its still great to find a decent place to eat.
5	This place ROCKS!!! me and my girlfriends all got one sandwich and split it into 4 and each one tried one of the others. The four sandwiches were:The CapreseThe MontaguThe Tuna MeltThe Caribbean Jerk ChickenMy Favorite by far was the Tuna Melt!!! I added lettuce and tomato to mine! AMAZING!!!! seriously the perfect texture! I felt the Montagu had great potential but the sauce (kinda sweet) really ruined it for me, next time I would request sauce on the side! The Caprese was also REALLY good! Personally I would have liked the Mozzarella slightly toasted but STILL AMAZING! Lastly was the Caribbean, I enjoyed it, tasted good...but compared to the others, I probably wouldn't get it again! I really want to try the Hawaiian BBQ next time! This place IS AMAZING, CHEAP (especially for vegas) SOOO WORTH GOING! The ONLY bad thing was the 10-15 minute wait which was worth every bite!!!! :)THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!
5	The BEST place for a late night (and anytime) sandwich. I'm not sure what it is about their sandwiches but I always make it a point to pass by here at least once during my stay in Vegas. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches.
5	Mmmmm I came across this place while shopping at Miracle Mile.  It was right at the entrance of the strip and my friends were starving and this was the first place we saw!We had no idea how lucky we are to come here!  The concept of a hot sandwich may seem simple and common, but WOW the sandwiches here are so DELICIOUS.  I'm not sure what bread they use, but for sure it's what seperates their sandwiches from other sandwich places.My friends got the "Caprese" sandwich and I got the "Veggie" sandwich and they were both SO good. Overall, a very affordable quick spot to get your food fix while shopping/drinking/gambling, etc.  :)
4	It's actually a 3 and a half stars but we gave it a four because it's Vegas afterall....this sandwich place is opened 24 hours a day and it's pretty good price since it's located INSIDE a vegas strip resort.I got the Montagu sandwich which was pretty amazing. (Could use more meat though.) My girlfriend got the Earls Club and she thought the sandwich was flavorful but was lacking in the onions and pickles department. This is why she would rather give this a 3 star. One of the cons would be the location itself. It is not actually located IN the Miracle Miles shops....its more like somewhere near the front of the casino so if you park inside their ONE AND ONLY parking structure, be prepared to walk for a bit.
5	BEST SANDWICHES EVER!  My first time experience included ordering the Veggie, and it was amazing!  The bread is like an English muffin toasted to perfection!  The feta cheese inside really makes this sandwich!One would think that a sandwich that includes no meat would be ordinary and bland.  This is far from the opposite with the Veggie.  I came back the next day because all I could think about was my sandwich.  I decided to try the Caprese the second time.  Compared to the Veggie, the Caprese had a light, mildly sweet taste.  It oozed with gooey mozzarella goodness.I'm now back in California, and cannot stop thinking about Earl of Sandwich. I am really contemplating about driving all the way to Vegas just so I can satiate my craving. C'mon, Earl of Sandwich!  Y'all need to set up a SoCal location!!!
5	A fast, late night meal in Vegas is defined by how good it is drunk, and, even more challenging, by how good it is sober.I got myself nice and liquored up for my first time eating at Earl's because I've heard about how good it was, and I wanted the first time to be phenomenal. It was. Melt in your mouth ooey goodness. The defining part of a sandwich is the bread and Earl's did not disappoint, it was warm, crisp, and fresh deliciousness. So much so, that I was craving it again the next morningMaybe I was hungover? Or maybe, Earl's is just that awesome. It was just as amazing as it was liquored up. I think I need to put Earl's to the test, I need to try it at all hours of the day ;) to fully prove that Earl's sandwiches are the best in Vegas. :D
5	Go here. Good food for cheap. The club and tuna are grand. You can bring your gal--the food is good enough to keep her from thinking you're being cheap. That's worth five stars.
5	Yum! This place was great! Will be coming back before leaving vegas.
4	i tried the full montagu. i thought it was delicious. a hot sandwich definitely is not what i crave in 100 degree weather but i went for it anyways and was very glad that i did. the bread is good and price aint bad.
5	Amazing sandwiches all for only $5.99! 24 hr restaurant! Really good deal especially since it's inside Planet Hollywood on the strip. The bread they use is really soft. Loved it. I got the caprese and everything was fresh and delicious. Definetly the place to go to for late night snack or if you want a good sandwich for cheap.
4	In the battle of Vegas Hangover v Earl of Sandwich, Earl of Sandwich wins hands down!The Caprese Sandwich was filling, fresh and delicious. It was also cheap! A sandwich and soup cost under $13, and took less than 15 min. This place is a great alternative to crappy cafe food, or nasty fast food.
5	Full Montagu is ABSOLUTELY THE BEST sandwich i've ever had!! I introduced a bunch of friends to this yummy yet easy on your wallet sandwich. I love the fact that they have a bunch of variety from wraps to sandwiches to salads, soups, desserts, etc. I also love that $5.99 gets you a delishious meal in vegas. PLUS..its 24 hours!!!! ONLY thing that I would have say disappointed me...they do not have avacado...I LOVE avacado and wanted to add some onto my sandwich ..but they do not have it...but its still delishious!!
5	Definitely one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!Located inside Planet Hollywood Hotel, it's a cheap, convenient and healthy choice for dining in Las Vegas. The sandwich is a decent size, enough to fill you up for a meal. The ingredients are fresh and the bread is toasted to perfection! My favorite is the All American - juicy roasted turkey with sweet cranberry sauce, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes on a perfectly toasted roll. I also heard the Full Montagu is amazing. There can be a line at times, but it's worth the wait! There's ample seating in the area. I highly recommend Earls if you're in Vegas! I would be so happy if Earl of Sandwich came to California :)
4	First my stomach resisted, asking me, "Why are you shoving more food into me?" When the Full Montagu hit my tastebuds and my stomach, it started thanking me instead of complaining. The bread is delicious. I kind of wish there was more sandwich fiiling but what can I expect from an assembly line of teenagers? I also got the tomato soup with croutons. The tomatoe soup was okay, creamy but had a metallic aftertaste (hence the -1 star). The croutons were amazing. Soggy from the soup but still had a chew. Amazing texture. Cost was great too! $6 bucks for a sandwich and $3 for the soup. More money to gamble. wee.
5	After a night of partying and drinking, hunger inevitably sets in.  I found myself wandering into Planet Hollywood and stopping at this sandwich joint.  Being that it was my first time there, I tried "The Original," roast beef and cheddar cheese.  I thought because I was in a casino, this sandwich shop would be overpriced, but to my surprise, it is actually quite affordable if not a steal.  Not knowing anything about this sandwich shop, I was just expecting a roast beef sandwich with cheese, but when I opened the bag and pulled the sandwich out, it was warm.  Undoing the wrapper, I could start smelling the goodness.  The warm cheddar cheese oozing out of the sandwich.  I took my first bite and it was the highlight of that evening.  I added the spicy mustard on the table and quickly we were in business.Now could it be that I was a little inebriated and anything I ate could have been delicious? Totally possible.  Looking at the other reviews for this place, I'd hedge my bets on total deliciousness.You can't ask for more from this sandwich stand.  It's in a convenient location offering affordable fare.  Will I return?  Yes, I already have! 5 stars for the food, location, affordability and convenience.
4	I read all the great reviews of this place and thought to myself, how could a mere sandwich be that good?  I don't know how but it was so good!  Such simple goodness.  I had The Original and hubby had the club.  The bread is toasty perfect and that horseradish cream is divine!  Hubby and I agree that mine was waaaaaay better than his.  It was so good that I had to eat extra fast so he couldn't ask for another bite.  :P  I took that last star off for his sandwich.  The club was pretty mediocre.  Definitely get The Original instead!
3	This is a situation where Yelp inflated my expectations a little too much. I kept seeing this place in the "Hot on Yelp" section of the home page. My friend and I went to Sgt Pepper Live last night, so I suggested we give the Earl a try. Whenever I saw it on the home page, it always seemed to be getting five stars with the occasional four. I'm going to have to go with three.Not that there's anything wrong with three stars. For sure, the sandwich I had was good. At $5.99 a pop, they are well-priced for a premium LV Blvd location. It just didn't wow me enough to elicit fandom.If you're hungry and in the area in front of Planet Hollywood, you should definitely give Earl of Sandwich a try. It's just off the Strip inside the Miracle Mile Shops near the South entrance. They are now open 24 hours, so that's definitely a plus.
4	I'll get to the point....open 24 hours, located at Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Shops, all (or most cant remember) sandwiches $5.99, and they are toasted, they might press them a bit like a panini.Full Montagu, hmmmmmm, one of the better breakfasts that week.they have some kona coffee too, but i didn't get to try it since coffee bean is nearby also.
5	BEST HOT SANDWICHES EVER. PERIOD.Three words: The Full Montagu -- my favoriteit includes roast beef, turkey, swiss/cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and Earl's mustard on freshly baked breadThis place is like Quizno's on crack. and at $6 a sandwich you really can't go wrong.Other flavors I've tried.. ranked in order-Cannonballs! Melty goodness-Hawaiian BBQ-The Club-Tuna Melt-Caribbean Jerk Chicken-The American-The CapreseOpen 24 hoursHow can this earn less than 5 stars?? Definite must have in Vegas.. especially since it's the closest spot to us Californians.
5	By far, the best Tuna Melt I've ever tasted.  This place deserves a 5 star rating because its cheap, its fast, and it is AMAZINGLY delicous.  The decor of the restaurant makes it feel like you're at Corner Bakery.  But when it comes to the sandwich, this one definitely stands out.  The roll they use has a rich buttery taste and the dough easily flakes off when you take a bite.  It is the perfect combination of taste and texture.  The tuna itself was great tasting and wasn't runny like some other sandwiches I've had.  The people are friendly and there's plenty of seating, but if you get there during peak hours, lines build up and there'll be a wait.  Trust me, it's worth the wait.
5	This place is incredible. I went there 4 times in 3 nights. I would recommend it any time of day...open 24 hours...to anyone that doesn't want to drop 75 bucks on dinner.
5	Damn you Earl and your sandwiches! I've only been home for a day and I keep thinking about your Tuna Melt! I don't even like tuna melts. With all the fine dining these past 3 days, it's this damn Tuna Melt that I keep wanting. I need to be admitted. F#$k
4	THE INFAMOUS EARL OF SANDWICH! How do you get me to come back over and over and over again?!?! I don't think I can say anymore good things about this place that all the other reviews have not already covered. This is definitely the best hot sandwich place I've had, and its OPEN 24 HOURS. Only two words can sum up this place, AFFORDABLE DELICIOUSNESS. Everyone raves about the sandwiches but the soups are phenomenal as well. The tomato soup with freshly baked croutons is perfection and I've heard that the cheese broccoli soup was great as well. My top 3 sandwiches are: Cannonballs (hot meatball sandwich), Tuna Melt, and The All American (Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato). There is usually a line but it goes by fast, like less than 2 minutes fast. If you are looking for something quick and satisfying, this is the place to go for a quick meal. I never go to LV without hitting this place up, and you shouldn't either!
4	Of the toasted sandwhich franchises, I really enjoy Quiznos and Potbelly sandwiches and give them 4 stars, but this is my favorite of the chains earning it 4.5 stars.
5	Whenever we stay at the planet Hollywood towers, Earl of Sandwich is a MUST!   I came here with Tien L. , Jeff C. , and Sooty L.   I've had the Montague, the Cannonballs, and the Tuna melt.  I'd have to say the Tuna Melt is the best sandwich there.  It just melts in your mouth and it's good whether you're sober or drunk.  I've also had the tortilla soup and the broccoli cheddar soup, which both are REALLY good.  Dip your sandwich in the soup, it makes the sandwich a lot better than it already is.
4	Awesome food, awesome price, awesome location. I ate here 4 times in a 4 days stay (twice for dinner, twice for breakfast). I'm hooked on the All American... awesome turkey sandwich with cranberry that puts a nice twist on my go-to sub. The breakfast sandwiches were ok, but not nearly as good as the subs. Considering the location and how much everything in Vegas costs, this place is a great value.
5	FML.How did I not know about you?Lets keep it shorter than me and sweet, like I like my lines and my women.... uhhh yeah...Nom it:Tuna Melt: SO GOOD. perfect amount of melty fishness.Cannonballz: Meatball marinara sandwich omg its like ecstasy, amazeballz, wonderland, liek you took a "unicorn to the land of the aids", you wonder if its real life.Chicken Tortilla Soup: Deliciousness that is limited. Get it while its hot.Broccoli Cheddar: So delicious you wonder how they get these little tiny broccoli trees to tastes so good when smothered in melted cheese and cream.Cream Pie Sandwich: For less than 2 bucks, its so delicious, but too much  for one man to eat on top of everything else I ate.Do not Nom:Italian: Giiiiiiirl at the register, you should stop recommending this, it sucks.24 hour open. better than 24hr Fitness. everything is actually better than having to work out..... haha no just kidding i love to work out when i can.If you stay that the PH Westgate towers, you find that this place is your many stop shop for BLD. Breakfast Lunch and Dinner.
4	had the full montagu.  it was like 7 bucks or something.  also had the small pasta salad and the signature chips.  it was all quite delicious.  gotta try the other sandwiches here when i have the chance.  the miracle mile shopping center is fun too.
4	What fascinates my boyfriend the most about this is that it seems to be owned by descendants of the actual Earl of Sandwich, meaning that they, of all people, should know sandwiches. This always leads me to question how hard it really is to stick meat in bread and eat it... I mean, could humanity really have gone that long before coming up with such an idea? Or is it that this guy, Earl of Sandwich, just proclaimed it first? Anyway, I digress...The kicker here is the bread- baked fresh and run through an oven with the toppings so that a crusty exterior and gooey interior can create magic in your first bite. I can always go for more meat and cheese in any sandwich, but for the very fair price of $5.99 per sandwich, I'm not complaining. So far, I've sampled the Full Montagu (#1 for me), the Original (#1 also for me, it's a tie), the club (#3 for me), the italian (#4 for me) and the hawaiian (#5, but this will fall quickly as I sample the others- the sauce is too sweet for me). If you ever get the chance, order a salad. The croutons kick serious ass. The lines can get long, but the staff runs through it quickly. You order from the sandwich/salad/wrap/soup menu first and are given a buzzer. From there you walk through a gauntlet of temptation- parfaits, potato salad, coleslaw, beer and wine, and a wall of desserts- before you reach the cashier and pay for your meal and anything you picked up on the way. When you hot food is ready, you're buzzed. I usually don't sit in my seat for more than three minutes before I get the buzzer of joy. During my second visit, one register was down so the line was slow moving, but that actually caused my sandwich to be ready right when I paid- not so bad in the end!
4	In anticipation of getting absolutely wasted that Saturday, we decided to carb up and get sandwiches for lunch. The Italian sandwich was awesome and, as others have mentioned, not too salty. I especially love how the bread was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I also got a side of tomato soup, which was deliciously creamy. The croutons lost their molecular integrity (read: turned soggy), but they still tasted good. All this with an Earl's Grey Lemonade (sort of like their version of an Arnold Palmer) made me a happy camper. Will definitely be back!
4	There's nothing wrong with 3 stars! It's good, nothing more, nothing less. But I have to give it 4 just because of the location... I must say, I am in LOOVE with this place knowing that it is open 24/7 :] :] :]. Also, I love that it is in PH because this is my favorite casino on the strip as of now. It's poppin!! I went at a time that there were plenty of happy drunks going around saying hi and saying sorry and telling me to go buy some scotch... yeeah, I love drunk people!! Okay, enough about PH and drunks... the sandwich.I got the Italian and it was simply good. I wouldn't get it again because their menu has a lot more to offer! I like the fact that these are reasonable priced sandwiches at $5.99 and they come out hot and warm!! This place is simple, the food is good. And its location is even better. I probably wouldn't drive here just to go here, but if I'm in the neighborhood, or I'm looking for a yummy sandwich at 3:00AM, then yes, I will definitely be back to Earl.
5	Their bread is amazing.  I want to eat all of my sandwiches on it for the rest of my natural life.I also want to give some item-specific praise to the mediterranean tuna salad.  It far exceeded my expectations.  Who would've ever thought a salad could taste so good?  The tuna was perfect, peppers and olives were delicious.  And I'm not even really a salad guy.  (More of a meat & beer guy.)The one downside is that it's in a high-traffic area, so you're going to have to deal with surrounding crowds and crazy drunks.
5	The sandwiches served here are heaven on bread. I don't know what they do to make these things so damn good but I eat here way too much during a Vegas trip. The bread is so freaking good all warm fresh and toasty. It's like the toaster it goes through is baking and toasting the bread all at once. I have not been disappointed with any sandwich I have ordered here. They also have these chocolate chip brownie cream filled sandwiches that are outstanding.It is the bee's knees here! I think I had it to eat 3 times in one day during a trip. That's how damn good it is
5	i love this place ... i got the full montigu and my girl got the club sandwich ... both were great and for six bucks a piece they cant be beat .  they are open 24 hours which is badass ...
5	WHAT A FANTASTIC FIND!!!!!Perfect sandwich after a long / late night of Vegas fun & drinking.  these are by far the most AMAZING sandwich's I have ever had.  It's at the Planet Hollywood which is one of my favorite places. I will keep this lil gem in the back of my mind the next time I hit up Vegas.
5	Cheap awesome. Best Vegas food under 10th bucks
5	How do they do it? No matter how much money I'm down because of PH's crappy slot machines, The Earl always delivers. Their sweet assembly line system makes it so that I never have to wait too long to devour the toasty, melty, meaty, cheesy goodness! These little brick-shaped sandwiches pave the way to a mind-blown yet comfortably full Sarah. However, just because I'm comfortably full doesn't mean I don't want to order an extra sandwich or two...or three.I get the Meatball Hero (Cannonballs!) every time. Meatballs + marinara + mozzarella is all I need. I swear to myself every time that I'll try a new sandwich...but the furthest I've gone is to swap half of the bf's Italian (which is also ridiculously good). Don't waste your time with the sides/desserts, they're expensive. Just order another sandwich instead! Sandwich with a side of sandwich, duh. Come to California, Goddamnit!
4	Amazing sandwhiches, 24 hours, amazing sandwhiches, cheap, amazing sandwhiches oh did I mention amazing sandwhiches favorite so far is the original...its made to order with homemade bread and they are hot sandwhiches can't go wrong...service is horrible so minus one star.
5	Once again, Earl of Sandwich comes through as my go-to late night munchie spot!  It was 12:30am and I wasn't in the mood to spend a lot of money nor did I feel like going to a sit down restaurant.  Just wanted something fast, portable, and filling.  Earl of Sandwich's Original 1762 did the job!  Once again I was surprised how much meat they packed in to the sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=EU5ob5JpCD2MLj3ooG9blg).  Granted, it's not overstuffed like Carnegie or Canter's, but it was enough meat to get me through the night at 1/3 the cost of those other deli's.  And of course I washed it down with Earl's Grey Lemonade.  Another plus about eating here late, people watching the crowd from PBR Rock Bar & Grill and Sugar Factory.  5 stars!
4	I'm not much of a sandwich person but this place is pretty awesome and affordable.  Bread was perfectly toasted and they weren't cheap on the meats.  Only issue is seating when it's busy.  People need to eat and leave to mingle somewhere else.
5	Unfortunately our discovery of Sandwich of Earl was only on day 2 of our Vegas stay. How were we not aware of this 24 hr piece of heaven on our many trips from the casino to our room?! Either way we finally stumbled upon this goodness and then proceeded to eat at least two times a day - either lunch or a snack and then def at 5AM after the clubs. We tried the tuna melt (this is the most amazing thing I have ever eaten at a sandwich shop), the caprese sandwich, and I believe the club (?). You know how you eat at a place once and its amazing and you come back and it's not so good? Well it was as good every time as it was the first time. Grab one before you head to the airport for sure!
5	My first meal in Vegas and I knew I had to check out this sandwich joint.  I was not disappointed at all.. The Hawaiian BBQ is savory delicious plus the Chinese Chicken Salad was delectable and the chicken was well seasoned. Great Service, Open 24/7 and serves mouthwatering sandwiches I will definitely come back for more!!
4	went here one weekend while some friends were in town. my sister has this thing, where while she's here she has to have a turkey club. and every time (with the exception of 1 time i think) she'd had one at a different place. last time they were in town, they came in while i was at work. major bummer because i've never been, i keep hearing awesome things about the sandwiches, and i'm hardly ever on the strip unless i'm working or people are in town.anyway, we came in on a sunday during lunch (and football) so me and my sisters boyfriend got a table for 5 of us and the others ordered. now that i think about it, i probably should have went to order so i could experience it all first hand.the sandwich was pretty damn good! i had the italian. i got to try the club and whatever else everyone ordered. they also have this really yummy steak sauce on the table.must come back and order a salad (because, as my sister says, the croutons kick ass).
5	It's all about the bread!  This is a great place to head to if you're not into scarffing down a massive buffet down the corner.  Not only are the sandwiches good, but it's cheap too.  I always get the italian..loads of italian meats, cheese, and soaked in dressing...not really figure friendly...but who cares!..the sandwich is bomb!
5	The tuna melt is AAAAMAZING! And the price is so affordable. I think it was ~$6 for a sandwich? I'm so sad that the closest location is in Vegas =( The triple chocolate brownie was delish as well. I was a little drunk, so forgive me if it isn't.
4	This sandwich spot is stop you must check out when you are in Vegas!  It is located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel.  I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich which costs only $6.95!!  It was a very great deal and a very good sandwich!!
5	Why!?  Why!?  Why isn't there an Earl of Sandwich in my area?!The sandwiches are awesome!  When I stayed at the Planet Holly wood, I ate here 5 times.  Yes, that's right - 5 times in 3 days.  Obsessed much?  Yea - just a bit.  The food is so good, I really can't think of any other sandwich spot that comes close.  They are also open 24 hours which is a plus for all the hungry drunks in search of some late night eats.  So far I've tried the The Full Montague, The Earl's Club, and the Best BLT.  All AMAZING!  Even their basic Caesar Salad is great - seriously!  The yogurt parfaits and desserts are just as scrumptious.Now every time I go to Vegas I make it a point to visit this place AT LEAST once during a trip.  Oh, Earl - I love you and miss you so!
5	Simply the bomb! Try the kid's turkey sandwich, it will melt in your mouth!!!The bread is one of a kind..
5	Hands up, hands down, hands absolutely anywhere BEST sandwich I'll probably ever eat. I stopped by here during my spring break and it was more memorable than any buffet I went to. When I hear Vegas, I think of Earl of Sandwich and the cute little sticker they place on your wrapped up package of heaven. I tried the Carribean Jerk and Hawaiian BBQ. Now that it's open 24 hours, I can't wait for it to be my first meal next time I go :]
5	For those who are skeptical and think this place is over yelped.. it's not!This is a sandwich spot unlike no other. They have such a great system in place where you 1. order your sandwich.. 2. then proceed to part of 2 of the line where you grab your sides and drinks3. pay (5.99 for a sandwich.. awesomeness!)4. recieve a buzzer so you can find a table and get your drinks. In about 10-15 minutes.. your custom crafted sandwich is ready.5. Gorge your face with the yummiest thing between two slices of bready greatness.I got to experience the full montegue and jerk chicken hot sandwiches. The sandwich fillings were not so robust.. more like they blended together so beautifully with the baked to order bread, the cheesy gooiness, and the fresh meats and  veggies. It came perfectly gift wrapped in aluminum and had a little sticker of Earl that named each sandwich by type.. I felt like it was Christmas.. yup! Santa Earl..So whenever Vegas is a calling.. make sure you pay Sir Earl a visit!**If you don't wanna deal with PH's parking.. park over at Mirage and cross the street.. easy structure to get in and out of!
5	I am such a sucker for a great sandwich.  But a sandwich that I can enjoy at any time of the day or night?  I'm sold.  The smart folks of this Planet Hollywood location keep their doors open 24 hours a day, making for the perfect post-club, drunkeness, shopping, everything treat.  Line up, order, grab chips + drink, pay, receive #, pick up, and enjoy.  I've tried the Tuna Melt w/ aged Swiss and Caprese.  Tuna Melt won my heart, and I ended up getting it a second time.  With the only location on the West being this one, it's a must to close out a great Vegas trip by visiting this spot!  The tastes are overwhelmingly delicious and it's a cost savings trip when you're spending oodles of cash on drinks and shopping in Vegas.
4	by far the best sandwiches you can find on the strip!The holiday is probably my favorite. Some turkey and some cranberries and you really cannot go wrong. The size of the sandwiches are very fair and what better to soak up all that alcohol right? LOL
3	Its better than Quizno's and Subway for sure.  Reminds me a lot of Potbelly's.  Perhaps I came here with inflated expectations based on all the 5 star reviews.  I ordered the original (roast beef) which was good.  Nice bread, warm and toasty.  Would go again, but I wont be getting any Earl of Sandwich cravings anytime soon.
4	Oh man..this place hit the spot for everyone! We walked from Encore to The Venetian and took a cab afterwards because we were all starving and prepared to drink like beasts.Carribbean Jerk Chicken- totally woke up my taste buds!!! Extremely flavorful! The chicken was delish! Not a fan of banana peppers, but it wasnt too bad!Hawaiian BBQ- I really liked it a lot! Very tasty! The Earl's Club- loved it!! It wasnt anything special..just your usual turkey sandwich..BUT it was YUMMY! ALL of the bread tasted delicious and was toasted to PERFECTION. There was a little crunch after every bite I took!Highly recommend this place! Price range was around 6-7 dollars!  FAT TUESDAYS is nearby!! ;)
5	Great sandwiches, amazing prices for being on the strip, and a can't miss stop for a quick bite. As good as advertised.I give myself 1 star for getting only one sandwich on my way out of town.
5	These sandwiches rock.... If you are around the planet hollywood area then you must stop in here. I tried both the full montagu and the earl club, both were really good and jam-packed with meats and sauce.
2	Sandwiches are "ok" if you need a quick bite. After all of these reviews I was expecting to be wowed. Not only that, I gave them a second shot and was still underwhelmed. The soup is no way home-made, even if it claims to be. Its of the restaurant-supply Campbell's variety.  No healthy, grainy, yummy bread options available, just standard white. WAY too much sauce overwhelming the toppings.I almost gave it A-Ok for the price, as It will temporarily fill you, but I have to minus a star for the HORRIBLE coffee and the TREMENDOUS amount of waste. sandwich comes from toaster over conveyor-belt, is wrapped and sticker used to close wrapper. Then wrapped in napkins, then stuffed in plastic bag. No reusable cups, cutlery, anything. When I said "no bag, I'm just eating it here" they looked at me like I was crazy and bagged everything anyways. I got to walk four steps, sit down and discard the plastic bag.If whole wheat was an option, the coffee was not total garbage and they offered a plate or a basket even, I would return. Not worth it.
4	How do I miss such a good sandwich for all these years?! Ok here's the skinny. Awesome hot sandwiches, great price and served up pretty quick. Cons: inconveniently located in Miracle Mile shops. No real ambiance or quite seating. Needs a location for locals in Summerlin or Henderson.The fact that you can pop in at 4am and get a great hot sandwich on the strip for $6.....awesome!
5	BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER ATE!!!I ate here 3 times while in Vegas, and all 3 times it was amazing!! Twice I ate here pretty drunk and once sober. The sandwiches were amazing, the bread was crispy yet soft, the meats were tasty and fresh, it was baked to perfection. I would move to Vegas just to eat here everyday!
5	Earl of Sandwich, Cmon... 24 hour, $5.99 any sandwich, drunk as shit in Vegas, hungry and stumbling around, pure heaven at 4 am. Like a lit up oasis in the middle of an oasis. You were there for me so many nights, multiple times a day. I have to spend $40 to get into a club + alcohol, which doesn't leave me with much to munch. Earl, you are a god send in this oasis.
5	After a night of debauchery with my girlfriends, we were all ready to head home when one friend strongly insisted (more like demanded) we go here to eat before heading back to Cali.My other friend and I were literally on the verge of.. let's ust say "reliving the alcohol we drank from last night, but in reverse".. but we ordered food anyway. After a quick trip to the nearest restroom, we were greeted by the heavenly smell of our sandwiches.Trust me, I rarely ever eat after a night of drinking but I couldn't resist! Boy was I not sorry! The sandwich was sooo good, it was the perfect hang over cure!My Full Montague, along with a bottle of blue gatorade and a nap, were all I needed to recooperate from a good weekend ;)
5	I LOVE this place!  I eat there at least twice a week.  Their sandwiches are to die for.  They bake the bread as soon as you order, it cooks fast and then they add fresh amazing ingredients.  My favorite sandwich at this writing is the Caribbean Jerk Chicken - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce.  Add some sweet tea and fresh potato salad and you have an awesome meal.  It is almost always crowded but I have never had to wait longer than 5 to 10 minutes.
5	all i can say is OMG! i absolutely love this place!!!! the sandwiches are delicious but the best thing on the menu? the broccoli cheese soup!!! its to die for!!!!!!!!!!! it cured my hangover super fast and it was the best soup ive ever had! its one of the main things im looking forward to having when i go to vegas in a week... im actually getting excited just thinking about having the soup!! =) oh and if u have room after ur meal definitely try a icecream brownie sandwich its soooooo good but its very rich so its easy to share between 2-3 ppl
5	It's 6:13 in the am and I am BAF.. I wanted to do a review on Earl of sandwiches because it is the BoMB...yes I use outdated phrases to express emotion but still.... I recommend the roast beef and/or tuna! You will thank me for it! Trust me :) ahahaha..they are open late too and n u will loooovveee it! for the sgv people..yes it is better than ralphs gourmet, claros, lee, mr baguette and tip top sandwiches! So be the judge for yourself ;) 5 stars easily!
5	hands down best tuna melt on freshly baked bread ever. cheap, fast, delsih! there's nothing like it.
5	Simply put, BEST SANDWICH EVER!!!!I would go to Vegas Simply to just have another one of these delicious sandwiches.
4	This place was terrific.  Good choices, good prices, and on the Strip.  No doubt I would go back everyday if I could.  The only thing that kept it from getting 5 stars was the ordering and checkout style/flow.  It was very impersonal and rushed - but would endure it again for another sandwich.
4	YUM! I came here for lunch with a few friends during our weekend Vegas trip. At first I was going to split a hot sandwich with a friend, but decided to order a Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich all for myself. ;)WOW was it tasty! The chicken was nice and juicy (not dry) and the sauce was delicious! Too bad they don't have one of these restaurants in the Bay... I would definitely come here more often!-L.
4	Word of your legendary sandwich reaches faraway lands, Earl. San Francisco doth seem farith by horse and carriage, but by metalith bird called "virgin america" puts haste on a beloved journey. the full montagu, though it misses an "e" i believe Lady Juliet herself would order such a splendid creation.  Although our assemblage of cohorts had well nigh a barrel of wine, It was surely pleasing to thy tongue.
4	Great sandwiches!  Lives up to its name!!After walking around the Vegas strip all night, we burned off most of the food we ate in the last six hours.  So wanted to try this place because we have heard some many good things about it.  AND BOY they were spot on!!!!But why the FOUR STARS, unfortunately it is located next to a casino and that means LOTS OF SMOKERS.  We tried to sit where the smoke would not bother us but it was IMPOSSIBLE!!  Now for the grub, we ordered the Fully Montague Sandwich and some Chamomile Hot Tea.  The sandwich was OUTSTANDING, it had roasted beef, turkey, swiss & cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomato & Earl's mustard.  The hot chamomile tea complimented good with the sandwich, besides the tea will knock us out later.The food was EXCELLENT and the price was good starting at $5.95.Definitely will come back to this place everytime we go to Vegas.  Food            =    A+Staff             =    ADecor          =    A+Location     =   F (too many smokers next to a casino)
4	A 24-hr sandwich shop? Good deal and good idea! If you ever, for some reason, wake up at 3 am or 5 am and are starving, then come here to fulfill your satiety.I had Earl of Sandwich before in Orlando, Florida, and did not like it very much. Well, you can say that it did not strike me as "the greatest sandwich." This time, however, I really thought it lived up to it's name as a great sandwich spot!I had the Mediterranean Veggie (with feta cheese, roasted bell pepper, and sliced cucumber) . The bread was nicely toasted, but it was still soft and buttery in the inside. I thought that the profile of the sandwich was very well balanced on flavors.  Well balanced as in having a refreshing taste from the cucumber, a smoky flavor from the roasted peppers, and a salty and tart component from the feta cheese. Very well balance on my palate. I was very pleased, especially that it was under $7.00 in LAS VEGAS and on The Strip, inside Planet Hollywood.It got really packed when I was here and it seemed like a few guests were having a difficult time looking for a place to sit and dine. The customer service was okay. The employees work really fast! Fast food at it's finest :).
5	Earl of Sandwich hit the spot after a night of dancing.I ordered the cannonballs sandwich and substituted chicken for the meatballs- I like their flexibility! I hate not being able to eat something or be limited by my dietary needs :)The line was quick- the staff was polite- and the price was perfect! I ended up paying about 6 dollars for a GREAT sandwich.Good job Earl of Sandwich! I will definitely be making a second visit sometime soon :)
5	Literally the best Club Sandwich I ever had and I'm a really really big sandwich person. Definitely want to try the BLT next time I'm in Vegas too. At such amazing prices, especially for Vegas, I'm not surprised this place has so many great ratings and always a long line whenever I pass by. The sandwich was perfectly toasted, all its contents nicely and neatly packed into a very well-presented sandwich wrap. Had I found this place sooner I'd probably eat it for lunch and dinner and in between shots of alcohol and swigs of my Fat Tuesday. Best drunk food ever. Now if only they had a full bar...
5	This place has enough reviews, so I figured I wouldn't bother adding another one......BUT this place is that good. Best place for a munch at 4am for sure.The holiday Turkey Cranberry sandwich they offer is ridiculously appetizing. I went back to Vegas with this sandwich on my mind for a good part of the trip, and was not disappointed my second time aroundFrom now on, every trip to Vegas will include at least one if not multiple trips to Earl (we're pals now). I'd also be more likely to stay at Planet Hollywood because of Earl.Yes, it is that good.
5	Unfortunately, or fortunately, I've eaten wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too many sandwiches in way too many places in my life. Other than our world famous Montreal smoked meat sandwich, this place comes a very close second.I had the original and the roast beef wasa like buttah. It was freaking awesome. It came with horseradish sauce. Who knew I like horseradish?I wanted a soft drink and the girl suggested their frozen lemonade. Freaking awesome as well.Overall, I'd look this place up no matter where I'd be staying in Vegas next time.* On my way to my room to eat, the hooker that popped out from behind a bank of slot machines offering me a massage in my room, although not affiliated with the restaurant, was a nice touch. I might have said yes but I think she just wanted me for my sandwich.
5	Great sandwiches, our group ordered 4 different sandwiches and we split them up so everyone got to try them.  We ordered the Full Montague, The Original, The All American, and Cannonballs.  Rating the sandwiches by the popularity of the group i'd say it went like this#1. it's a tie - Full Montague & The Original#2. The All American#3. CannonballsSo you know when you read roast beef or roast turkey on the menu, you don't actually think it'll have a smokey kind of roast flavor right?  well these sangwiches do!  especially with the All American, you get a great smokey flavor on the turkey, combined with the cheddar cheese and cranberry sauce make an amazing sandwich.  Also the chicken salad was pretty good too.    I will say it's not the best sandwich i've ever had in my life, but it is an awesomely delicious sandwich and it's cheap for the location and you can't beat that combo - 5 stars.
4	Great place for sandwiches on the strip, affordable too for Vegas! $6 bucks gets you one of their delicious sandwiches on this cibatta flat bread hybrid kind of a bread. We bought a few and all sampled together. I would have to say my favorite is the Full Montague without a doubt, but The Original, The All American, and the Cannonballs are all wise choices. I want to try the Holiday the next time I'm there, I've heard wonders!Today is National Sandwich day and you can get a free sandwich with a print out coupon here! Gogogo!
5	No way can you beat the price and the taste for being on the strip. My husband's was way better than mine, he had the Caribbean Jerk, while I had the Italian. The Italian was still very tasty though. For $5.99 flat price for a decent size sandwich is awesome for Vegas. I wish we would have eaten here on our earlier trips to Vegas so we would have saved time pondering where to eat all those times. Our son enjoyed his $3.99 child size Pizza Sandwich; which I thought was a good price for the size. I do not recommended changing any sandwich in anyway. Just order it the way they come. They aren't labeled the greatest sandwich for nothing. They created the sandwiches to taste their best they way they come. A friend of ours didn't agree with our opinions on the places but they totally changed the sandwich and without it as a whole it doesn't sound as though it was as good. Find one that you will eat and don't "F" with perfection! LOL.
5	Came here due to the numerous 4/5 star reviews! I had to come here to try it myself plus who doesn't eat sandwiches?Found in the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino, there sat a crowd of people and a line in front of the register awaiting their turn.. I was thinking, are you serious? Dude, there's like a ton of other places to grab something to eat, are these all yelp people here? haha! Whatever, I would of waited an hour to try this place.The breakdown:Full Montagu: great combination of quality meat, veggies tasted fresh, bread wasn't the normal subway style bread I was expecting but it was soft and delicious.Holiday Turkey: I almost cried after eating this!! You know the "Bobbie" sandwich from Capriotti's?.. Well, this is similar but to the 10th degree!! This sandwich was out of control! The turkey meat soft and juicy and cranberry filling was sweet and mouth watering!.. It really is indescribable, try it yourself.. I think its only available for a limited time, don't miss out.. Trust meTuna Melt: Unbelieveably Fluffy and another Jackpot Sandwich that I don't have words to describe. One of the Best Tuna Melts I've ever had! And I love Tuna Melts and have tried many different ones..Best BLT: Bold name for this sandwich, which does taste how it should. You really can't go wrong with bacon, lettuce and tomato. Nothing special though.Meatball: A little salty for my taste but nevertheless it was good. I love meatball sandwiches and I've tried many others better than this. Honorable Mentions:HOLIDAY TURKEY = 6/5 StarsTUNA MELT = 6/5 StarsFULL MONTAGU = 4.5/5 Stars
5	All I can say is... BEST SANDWICH EVERRR! My friends suggested my bf and I to try this place and after reading the wonderful reviews, we HAD to check it out.  This deli is located in the mall of Planet Hollywood.  Once we stepped in, it was packed! I was worried there was no where for us to sit.  We looked at the menu and already, I was excited to try their sandwiches. I couldn't even decide what to get! Most of the sandwiches sounded very tastey! Unfortunately, I don't remember the name of my sandwich, but I know I got their most popular one and it was SUPER delicious! The bread was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outside! It just melts in your mouth! I think my bf got the Full Montague and he loveeed it too! I'm sure most of their menu is very good and the price isn't too bad.  I wanted to stop by here again on my last day in Vegas, but didn't have time. :( The great thing about this place is that they open 24/7! The first deli place i know that actually opens all day, everyday because most deli's close at 4pm from where I live. When you're in Vegas, this is the place to go!  :)
4	This is a good value on the strip. The sandwiches are good (my favorite being the Cannonball!). The pricing is fair. The atmosphere is okay, a little too loud for my taste personally. The staff is efficient and friendly. They a hand sanitizer machine near the condiments, which is nice. During a one week stay in Vegas, we ate here twice. Enough said.
5	If there was anything I could bring back to the east coast with me it would have been Earl of Sandwich. Toasty and delicious.  The bread really makes it.I had a bacon, egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich and my fella had the turkey club sandwich.  SO GOOD.
4	This is a great place to go to when you don't want to do a sit down fine dining type of meal and you want to just grab something quick and GOOD and go!  Earl's might seem overwhelming when you approach them and see the long lines of people and realize it's open seating... but as you'll soon be able to notice, the lines go by really quick and people are constantly leaving so a table won't be hard to get!My favorite here has always been the Caribbean Jerk chicken... spicy with bell peppers! Mmmm delicious!!  The club is always a good choice and recently, due to the holiday, they have the holiday sandwich which consists of turkey, stuffing and cranberries! It's actually better than I had expected!  I also always enjoy their coleslaw and their potato salad!
5	Great food for a low price at Vegas that is open 24 hours a day? That's right, this is the joint to check out. I ordered the turkey sandwich and it was delicious. Just the right amount of sauce and juice gushes to your mouth to fill your mouth with orgasmic pleasure. I traded half of mine with a friend for a roast beef one and it was still good. After I was done, I told myself that I needed to come back before I go to grab a sandwich for the flight home.So, I stumbled in around 5am to grab a sandwich for my journey home. Didn't get hungry till I was actually home and the sandwich was still good.
4	All sandwiches are $5.99.I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. I thought it would come out a little sweet, but it was more like a tangy -- no complaints though! Had peppercinis and this spicy sauce on very moist chicken.  Went VERY well together! Yum! Good place for some late night grubbing.  :)PS don't share the sandwich. It won't be enough for two! Learned the hard way :T
4	I've been meaning to try this place after hearing so many people rave about it. There was a pretty long line when we went there to grab lunch, but the line moves pretty fast. I ordered the holiday turkey sandwich (oven-roasted turkey, hearty stuffing, zesty cranberry sauce, seasoned mayo, and warm gravy). It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten! It's like Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich! DEE-LICIOUS! My only complaint is that I wish the bread was heartier. It would have been nice if they didn't use a bread that was so soft because it can get a little soggy. I usually like my bread to be toasted to a nice crisp on the outside and still soft on the inside. The sandwich was also smaller than I expected, but well worth $5.99. That's pretty cheap for Vegas standards. We also grabbed a bag of the salt & vinegar kettle chips (skip this! The chips were all stuck together.), macaroni salad (ok. Tastes store bought.), strawberry yogurt parfait.I will definitely come back for the Holiday sandwich and to try some of the other sandwiches.I also think that it's great that this place is open 24 hours!
5	The sandwiches here are just amazing! I tried the Jerk Chicken Sandwich the first time and it was so good.  The chicken is so moist and juicy. The sauce and bell peppers give it a very nice kick.  The bread is also amazing. I'm not sure what it's called, but it's crispy on the outside, while being soft on the inside.  It isn't messy to eat either.I think any of the sandwiches on the menu are great. They definitely earned their title as the Earl of Sandwich.
4	Get the Club or montague.I finally went to this place after countless check ins on facebook from friends during their vegas escapades. So i decided it was mine turn to check in. The place is located next to pinks in the miracle mile.  A little tricky to find from inside the hotel but easy to find when walking on the strip.The seating area is open and chill. You order your food at the counter and find a seat.I think what really makes the sandwich shine is the bread and the sauce. The broccoli cheddar soup was pretty yummy.I would not say this is the best sandwich I ever ate but it is good especially for the price $6. Or if u simply just need a break from all the buffets :)
5	VEGAS. The famous city for casinos, nightclubs, alcohol at every corner... all exciting things. BUT I always add EARL OF SANDWICH to the top things to look forward to on Vegas trips. Sandwiches here are STILL FREAKING DELICIOUS!! You know it is gonna be a good sandwich before you even open it from the wrapper. Don't be scared away by the long line.. it moves quickly! This time around I got the Holiday Sandwich which is (limited time only unfortunately) turkey breast, cranberry sauce, stuffing.... explosion in your mouth pretty much! I'm not a big fan of sweet/salty but the cranberry was not too overpowering. It really complemented the delicious turkey. Speaking of turkey, this is not shitty average tasting turkey you find on the supermarket shelves. Earls' puts a big hefty serving of turkey that is layered very nicely and tastes even yummier. Highly recommend the creamy tomato soup.. had it again and it was just as good as the first time! Their chicken tortilla soup was just average tasting though. This time I stayed at Westgate Towers @ Planet Hollywood so Earl of Sandwich is just a quick walk down to the casino... absolutely perfect! They should deliver to the hotel rooms :(
5	I. LOVE. EARL. OF. SANDWICH.Omg. I think about coming here at least once when I'm in Vegas, even when I am staying with a friend who lives off the strip. I was so happy when I found out that I was staying at Planet Hollywood Westgate during my most recent trip to Vegas. I could just walk down and get it! I had it twice that weekend. I wish I went for a third time. The sandwiches are really cheap ($6.99). I'd take it over Pink's hotdogs right outside any day.I always get the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Sandwich. It reminds me of BBQ Chicken on a Hawaiian Pizza (Pineapple and Ham), but between warm bread. MMM. My friends think it's a really weird combination but I love it. I love it so much that I am afraid of trying their other sandwiches.
4	Just get the Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce...you'll enjoy it....oh yeah...you will.
4	This place is so good that it was the only thing my brother wanted me to bring back for him from vegas. This place is located in planet hollywood closer to the entrance of las vegas blvd. We end up parking at t he parking lot and had to walk around the miracle mile to get the casino where the sandwich shop is at. My brother already knew he wanted the original 1762 sandwich to be delivery by me to los angels and I got the all american sandwich. I really didn't like the cranberry spread on it but the bread and the melting of the cheese with the meat. So delicious. All sandwich were less than 6 buck and it was worth ever cent. I ate half of my sandwich and knew that I couldn't leave without ordering another one to go. I ended up ordering the earl's club which was not as great as that first one only because I think with this place you should eat it right away. They are hot sandwiches for a reason...eat while HOT!  :)
3	I didn't spend too much time on the touristy Las Vegas Blvd last night. I had so much work to do on my computer and wanted something quick to take back to my hotel. The sandwich place is located in the Miracle Mile Mall inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. And this is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. At 9:30pm, there was still a line with maybe fifteen people ahead of me. With so many places for a quick bite, I wasn't expecting a line; even at that time.  Finally my turn and from the menu, I chose the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Most sandwiches (excluding the extra topping) are $5.99. My sandwich comprises with a grilled chicken breast, sweet peppers, melted cheese and a spicy Caribbean sauce in a toasted roll. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=282xQYVko0N2D1VFHFB4qASorry, I didn't find this sandwich or this chained franchise too impressive. But I would definitely choose this over Subway or Quizno's. The sandwich is good enough, but nothing too stunning. Maybe I'm spoiled because I live in the Bay Area and get better gourmet sandwiches such as Ike's place, Genova's or Roxie's. For a franchise, it's ok. If I have time to come back for a quick bite, I might try the Yogurt Parfait and pastries. Yogurt Parfait http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=G3pNj_ZJ86XfXATpVbEA2Q
4	Cheap, satisfying eats, but stick with the less salty selections.Good(s):Caprese sandwich - Magical sandwich.  They take the basic combo and match it with the slightly salty bread that enhances it as a whole.Tuna salad - Best tuna salad everClassic Roast Beef - MmmmBad(s):Holiday sandwich - Not nearly as good as the first time I had it.  Stuffing was salty, and the gravy just added another layer of sodium.Somehow I ended up here 3 times in 4 nights so I guess that says it all.
3	Sigh. I dreamed about this place for months. I couldn't wait to get back and get one of these damn sammies! I ordered the full montague (turkey and roast beef). The sandwich was just ok. You know the flavor of over cooked roast beef? Yeah, it had that and I hate that flavor. I like my roast beef rare. Maybe it could have requested rare meat, but I didn't think about it since my sammie was so perfect last time. I agree with others: the packaging is a little overkill. The side dishes are blah and the staff are really un-friendly. I'll give it another try next time I'm in Vegas.
3	i was introduced to this place by my friends when arriving at vegas and after 8 hrs of driving...i was starving. The line kinda scared me and thought it would take forever to get my sandwich but it went pretty quick actually. i ordered some roast beef one and the flavors all complimented each other. pretty balanced sandwich but if i had to choose, id still pick panera bread
4	Their sandwiches was so good, it was worth going back a second time!This time I wanted to try the Italian sandwich, it had salami, capicola, ham, mortadella, zesty italian dressing, mozzarella & roma tomato and the other order was The Full Montagu, this is probably their best sandwich. We wish they had this sandwich shop in California.  :-(
5	When they say they're the top places for sandwiches... there the top places for sanwiches! This place is legit! There original hot sanwiches are good.They just got this seasonal holiday sandwich. Turkey, swiss, cranberry, stuffing, and covered in a special mayo sauce... like having a party in your mouth! Seriously melts in your mouth. Open 24 hours too.Best place for a small lunch or night of good fun!
4	Great veggie sandwhich! You gotta try it!
5	I have died and gone to heaven...Earl of Sandwich heaven.I am almost disgustingly obsessed with this place...so much so that its usually the seal on our staying at Planet Hollywood deal.  ALSO so much so that when my friends go to Vegas (sans myself), I make them bring home one of these sandwiches for me.  Yeah, they transport the sandwich back to California for me.Side note:  even the salads are to die for.  Mediterranean salad with tuna? heeeeell yes.  Sandwich of choice:  tuna melt.  Grey poupon on all of the tables in the dining area? YES.
5	Trust the reviews and get the holiday sandwich (if it's still around). Excellent!!!
5	If locals like it,  it must be good...In 4 days, we ate here about 6 times!My personal favorites were the Holiday Sandwich and BLT.$5.99 gets you a toasted 8 inch (i think that's the length).Line looks long, but it goes by quick!
4	Boyfriend and I,  sister and her boy were walking the strip one night, ended up at Planet Hollywood, Burried behind the casino, we found Earl of Sandwich, tried it for the first time. Anyone can make a mean sandwich, but this place uses the cream of the crop bread. Buttery toasted to perfection. Texture crispy, soft on the inside. If there was a trophy for bread, they would receive a golden wheat flour stem. I think good bread and sauce makes a good sandwich, and Earl delivers. It's a simple and humble little sandwich shop with a nice seating area. I had the tuna melt sandwich- I am a tuna fan. No lies, one of the many best tuna sandwiches I've tried. I'm coming back here to resume my quest.
4	Mmmmm... I got the holiday sandwich. It was pretty darn good. It came with turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce. I would have given 5 stars if the sandwich came on dutch crunch or a baguette.
5	The only thing that makes me sad about Earl of Sandwich is that I only ate it once during my Vegas trip! :(My friend, Andrea C., was raving about this place during the ENTIRE CAR RIDE to Vegas. Obsessed much? But, she has a good reason to be, this place really good.It's cheap, and you don't have to go very far (off the strip) to get a bite to eat. I tried the holiday sandwich (turkey + cranberry) and the italian. BOMB.COM!, Although I'm sure that all of choices are good.They say that the bread makes the sandwich. Well, the bread here tastes really fresh and good. On top of that, they definitely don't skimp out on any of the ingredients!I have a mission: To try every sandwich on the menu! You know what that means... MORE VEGAS TRIPS! :)Try it out! It won't disappoint!
5	Okay, before I can even say anything about the sandwiches here.. You MUST know that their potato salad is EXACTLY what I call a potato salad!! It's that kind with a hint of vinegar. It's a wonderful contrast to the sweet potato chunks (just the way I like it).So, the name is cute and catchy. Me and my friends were hungry. And being hungry makes it all-the-more daring to try something new on a demanding stomach. I like hot sandwiches to of course warm my lonely belly. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. OMG my mouth just watered. Honestly it was worth trying. The Sandwiches here are filling and full of flavor. I'm pretty sure there's a sandwich for everyone.
5	Holy sandwich!!!!  Last minute decision soley based on these yelp reviews.  Thank you Yelpers!!! It was so freakin good.  The bread is one of a kind and totally makes the sandwhich.  It's crusty, soft, and chewy and warm.  I got the Earl Sandwich and a cup of brocolli cheddar soup.  I wished we would have gone there sooner in our trip so we could of revisit a few more times.    Location was great and we worked off what we ate while walking the mag mile mall and browsing.  Great service and great food.  I will be back...
5	Went here last weekend and I was extremely excited to try this place. So all my friends and i got here and we got our food relatively quickly. I got the earl of clubs and brocolli and cheddar soup. I loved it here and the soup was nice a creamy. I tried a little bit of all my friend's sandwiches and it was all good. It is well priced too considering it is in vegas...&5.99 for a sandwich is not too bad. I will definitely stop by here every chance i get. All of my friends loved their sandwiches as well.
4	Great value.  Delicious sandwich.  Not the best in the world though.  Love the thin, crunchy crust.  If you are around the area and want a quick, cheap bit, there's not many other better choices.
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS! WHY?Because it is open 24/7!If you are hungry (especially after the clubs or gambling), you need to come here to satisfy that hunger! If you are craving something good and not too expensive, then come here. I always come here when I am in Vegas. I love their Caribbean jerk chicken and Hawaiian BBQ sandwiches. The Full Montagu and Earl's Club are also good!If you haven't been here, then you are missing out!
3	This place is good. Great choices for sandwiches and soups and a perfect place for a quick meal in Vegas. Came here many times and it has saved me. If you're looking for a good meal, this is the place to be.However, if you're looking for a divine experience, maybe not so.
5	Very impressed!  A friend of mine told me this place has the best sandwiches especially for the price.  I ordered The Full Montagu.  It had Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce.  Im not a fan of Mustard so I had it substituted for the seasoned mayo........  Ohhh my was it delicious!  Talk about a gourmet sandwich!  The Roasted Beef was soft and juicy.  The Turkey was flavorful.  Everything just worked together!  If I knew this place was that good, I would've opted to eat here more often.  And one of the biggest PRO's of this place, IT'S 24 HOURS!!!!!!!!!  5 stars!
4	Gourmet Sandwiches24 HoursDecant PricesFantastic!
4	Got the Full Mantagu. The bread was crispy yet soft. It was yummy. It looks small at first but it must have been dense because it filled me up nice. For Vegas, the price wasn't bad either.
5	I ate here a total of 3 times this past weekend and every time was bliss.1. Carribean Jerk Chicken - while good, this was not among my favorite. I didn't really like it and I had to drink a sip of water with each bite. 2. Earl's Club - MY OH MY THIS WAS GOOD. After a night of dancing, my very drunken self demanded Earl's. I almost cried with happiness when I found out it was open 24/7! I inhaled the sandwich on the spot. Definitely my favorite sandwich of the bunch.3. Full Montague - Delicious, delicious, delicious. While I am not normally a cheese person, somehow Earl makes the cheese on this sandwich heavenly. I was also fortunate to try the limited edition Holiday Sandwich -- grilled turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and gravy. It tasted like Thanksgiving! A must try.In order of my favorite to least favorite:1. Earl's Club2. The Holiday Sandwich3. Full Montague4. Hawaiian BBQ5. Carribean Jerk ChickenI love this place so much I truly believe it's better than the buffets in Vegas. It would be AWESOME if they had an Earl of Sandwich buffet...I would surely pay for it.
5	This is one of the best sandwich places anywhere, hands down! If you haven't ever had Earl, you are missing out big-time! Whether you're going for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or for a LATE night snack (they're open 24 hours, btw), you will love this place. I once went 4 times in 3 days on a Vegas trip, and make it a point to go at least once on each trip.You may like variety and you may like switching things up every now and then, but my recommendation is to always go with The Original 1762 (freshly roasted beef, cheddar cheese & creamy horseradish sauce). The bread is amazingly good, too, because it is only half-baked before they make your sandwich. When they send it through the conveyor belt oven, the entire sandwich gets heated/baked to perfection.My top 4 reasons for going to Earl of Sandwich:1) The Original 1762 is absolutely delicious!2) The prices are fantastically low!3) It's open 24/74) Service is fastGive this place a try, you will not regret it!
4	I would really recommend this place for a tasty sandwich that doesn't break the bank.  They have a big selection of sandwiches, and sitting area to enjoy.  Seriously, eat here for one of your meals and save a bit of money.  Its also good for a snack at anytime.Derek
5	uh-may-zing!  i don't usually use this word to define my food but in this case, i can't see anything else more fit- the sandwiches are DEVINE!  i am a big fan of sandwiches so you can probably argue that i would enjoy any good meat and veggies between two slices of properly mayo-ed bread.  but this is on a whole other level.we ordered a jamaican jerk chicken sandwich and a holiday sandwich.  the holiday sandwich was a thanksgiving special- with turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, gravy.  OMG thanksgiving in a sandwich!!!!!!  and the jerk chicken was spicy slices of chicken with a lot of peppers.  it was just all incredibly juicy and flavorful.  even though there were a lot of people, the line moves pretty quickly and your sandwiches is done in less than 10 mins.  it is open 24 hours and inside planet hollywood, with plenty of extra options like brownie bites, chips, cookies, beers, frozen lemonade, salads, and so on.  highly recommended to fellow sandwich lovers, usual sandwich haters (like my bf- but he loved this!), and just late night gamblers in general.  a good, cheap place to catch a bite to eat!
5	Earl of Sandwich, where have you been all this time? I found out about this place through a friend while staying at PH. I expected nothing but a sandwich maybe a couple of notches above Subway. To my surprise I found a pot-o-gold delight sandwich! I ended eating here 2 or 3 times again during my entire trip! I tried the following Sandwiches: Thanksgiving Special Turkey Sandwich with stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce. This gangsta was so good I think I'm just going to come to Vegas next Thanksgiving and eating at Earl! Wow... it was like a whole Thanksgiving meal inside the most delicious bread. I'm serious about Thanksgiving 2011 at Earl! The Original - Pretty normal sandwich but still very good quality. Must be the bread that is giving these bad boys such great quality. Spicy Chicken - This was my favorite! The peppers are fresh and spicy mixed in with the delicious creamy chicken and then the bread again. What a sandwich! Now I eat sandwiches at Vons or Subway quite often during work lunches and I only eat half a sandwich since a half fills me up. When I ate at Earl I ate the entire thing with no problem. I hope there's an Earl around in San Diego because I'll def. be a regular!
4	The service could be faster but man, these sandwiches are extremely tasty. The breakfast sandwiches were great as was the turkey sandwich. It is 24 hours and right next to The Playing Field Sports Book in Planet Hollywood. Give it a whirl if you're in the area.
4	I was TOO full from the buffet a couple of days before that I still couldn't eat anything. I had a couple of bites of my friend's jamaican jerk chicken sandwich. It was good and tasty! I like the toasted bread they had it in and for $6...probably one of the cheapest meal you find on the strip!
3	i stumbled here because my friends were attracted to the price. yelp raved about it, so it couldn't hurt to check out something different, right? the "earl of sandwich" is located inside the planet hollywood mall. when we arrived, a long line snaked outside into the mall, making it look quite promising. i would say the decor gave me the impression of an upscale quiznos + starbucks combined.anyhow, the large display of the full montagu got my attention - a "large", mouthwatering sandwiched loaded with meat. even the description made it sound appetizing - fresh roasted beef, turkey, aged swiss and sharp cheddar cheese with lettuce, roma tomatoes, and mustard sauce stuffed into their artisan loaf. on the contrary, all their sandwiches came in the form of a 6"x3" brick-wrapped foil - totally misleading. after unwrapping it, it appeared as though they took a full sandwich and compacted into this square block, more filling than expected  because i could not finish it. anyhow, this combination of ingredients ended up tasting rather plain. the bread probably had the most flavor.their tomato soup with housemade croutons is pleasant and not too shabby. the potato salad looked delicous, but ended up being a bit too salty. their lemonade ice tea reminded me of sonic's - watered down with not enough lemon flavoring.anyhow, to sum up the "earl of sandwich", they present themselves well, but in actuality, they're just another mid-ranged chain with mid-ranged chain quality food.
5	True Royalty in the Court of Delicious Sandwiches!!I have been hearing about Earl of Sandwich since I moved out here, but only tried it recently.  There are always big lines here, but they move quickly and its well worth the wait.I had the Tuna melt and LOVED IT.  Warm and crispy bread, perfectly blended tuna salad without a bucket of mayo hiding the flavor, this sandwich kicked me in the head with a flavor-tipped  boot of taste!I've heard that all the sandwiches here are great, and don't doubt it.  It reminded me of Potbelly's back in Chicago if you're familiar with that place.  I actually think its better than Potbelly's.  Don't deny yourself a really great sandwich, embrace the taste of something really excellent and get thee to the Earl.
4	Someone better bring this franchise to SoCal!!After over 500+ reviews, I'm not going to be adding anything new or groundbreaking about this place, but because I went twice in the two days I was in Vegas, I felt I had to write a review.Vegas has tons of great places to eat, ranging from $1.99 breakfasts to meals that can go into the hundreds at high-end places, and usually, you get what you pay for. But not at Earl.For $5.99 you can choose from their selections of hot sandwiches (don't even THINK about going for a wrap or a salad) because that's what they're known for. I got the holiday sandwich (roasted turkey breast, stuffing, cranberry sauce, seasoned aoli, and gravy) and it was simply awesome. The bf liked it better than his original (roast beef,cheddar, horseradish sauce). The bread they use is different than any I've had before, almost the consistency of a biscuit, but perfect for their sandwiches.If you go back again in less than 24 hours, you know the place is awesome, and that's what we did. We went back right before we flew out, and thankfully they have fast service, that we made it to our flight in time. Totally worth it. I had the caribbean jerk chicken this time, which was good, but tasted nothing like jerk chicken. Still a great sandwich though.Earl is more like the King of Sandwiches.
3	Perfect drunk food.  Sandwiches are tasty but small, the desserts are top notch though.  The brownie ice cream sandwich is as good as it gets.  If the sandwiches were bigger would give it a higher rating.
3	They have these on the Florida Turn Pike. They make excellent sandwiches at a good price, which I guess I hard to find in the day and age of fast food. But it's not that great.3 of 5 for just OK, bread and quality of the sandwich was very good.
5	TOO LEGIT. Reallly good prices for vegas, open 24 hours, located in planet hollywood...and not to mention they know a thing or two about making good sandwiches. I'm going to make it a mission to try every sandwich on the menu. If you come here definitely pick up one of the toasted sandwiches. The bread is pretty damn good, artisan, baked in house i think. Personal favs are the caribbean jerk chicken and the holiday sandwich (limited time...turkey gravey stuffing cranberries...delicious). KEY TIP: get 2 sandwiches! save one for later...youll be sure to thank yourself for it when you stumble back to the hotel room drunk as hell at 4am! enjoy
4	I went in with huge expectations. In face one of that main reasons I insisted on going to Vegas for Thanksgiving was because i had the urge to check out this highly rated sandwich shop. It didn't disappoint. My 6 year old had the pb&j and devoured it! I had the Full Montague and I liked it lot's but...I wish they had more selection and friendlier employees. I had a sullen girl taking my money and I could hear her & another equally sullen girl talking madness about the patrons.
5	ALL HAIL THE EARL!As stated by those before me:1) An absolute bargain when compared with what else is in the area (after food court hours at miracle mile)2) 24 hours, a big plus. 3) Fast service, friendly people (as far as I've encountered anyway)4) Most importantly, DELICIOUS. As life altering as a fast food sandwich can possibly be. High marks on the Club and Tuna Melt. The potato salad cup was decent as well. I'd go out of the way to wind up here during the course of my Vegas shenanigans, but it's so centrally located that I usually don't have to wander very far.
5	We were looking for a quick place to eat breakfast that served good food and didn't require a tip. I searched Yelp for Panera Bread but this place came up and I saw all the great reviews (thanks Yelpers!). Located in Planet Hollywood right next to the casino and the Sugar Factory, this place was easy to find right when we walked through the doors. We had breakfast sandwiches that were hot, fresh, and delicious at a very reasonable prices (about $4 for a sandwich). I also had coffee, $1.99 for a cup that I believe was similar to the size of a grande at Starbucks. The coffee was Kona coffee and it was sooo good. We returned a couple of days later for some more coffee and a prepackaged brownie. The coffee was still good and the brownie was awesome. If you're looking for a quick, easy, good breakfast, stop here. I'm sure their lunches are just as good.
4	Sometimes I don't feel like going to a fancy, expensive restaurant. And sometimes I don't feel like cheap crap food. Why do I feel like those are the only two types of restaurants on the strip? Besides Earl of Sandwich that is.Love their sandwiches here; they're hot, flavorful, and satisfying, whether it be lunch time or fourth meal. Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich is where it's at, but every other sandwich I've sampled (yes, I take bites of my friends' food, who doesn't?) was delish. Went a taxi ride out of my way to eat here and it was worth it...maybe because I didn't pay for the taxi :)
4	It's tucked in the back of planet Hollywood. Quite a challenge to find, but when you do, you'll be pleasantly rewarded.This place ain't no gourmet star shining among with fancy restaurants surrounded in lush decoration. However, this place packs a sandwich tasty enough to think its got some cocaine in it because its just that good. Sandwiches are about $6.50 which is affordable for pretty much everyone walking in vegas. Please don't be blinded by the lie that more money = better food. Sandwich sizes are small enough to not overload your stomach for your buffet later in the day. They are enough to fit in your mouth and definitely delicious enough to satisfy your hunger. I had the sandwich with Earl's name in it. Can't go wrong if they put their name on it. All the ingredients in the sandwich flowed together seamlessly. Their flavors complimented and altogether, the whole was greater than the sum. Definitely a must try.
4	My expectations were way too high going into this place. After reading spectacular Yelp reviews and seeing the most beautiful sandwiches ever on the posters, I was ready to be blown away. Yet as I sit here writing this review, I find myself clearly not blown away.With that said, I did enjoy the flavors of the Full Montagu and the Earl's Club. I preferred the taste of the Club: smoked bacon + turkey = delicious, roast beef + turkey = meh.My biggest complaint was the amount of filling; I was reminded of those generic store-made donuts with the pea-sized amount of jelly inside. I felt like I had to savor every morsel of meat like a homeless child on Christmas. Ok maybe I'm exaggerating a bit, but I did feel seriously scammed by the meat to bread ratio shown in the posters. The sandwiches are A-OK for me. But the price and location on the strip bump it to 4 stars. I wouldn't go out of my way to have it, but if I happen to be nearby and too hungry to wait for a buffet or steak & eggs special, then sure, I'll be back.
5	Came here on a recommendation from a friend. We had quite the walk over but it was so worth it! Inside Planet Hollywood is all bling blingy so it was nice inside and the sandwiches here are so bomb! They make them super fast and they're only about 5-6$. The hawaiian bbq sandwich totally hit the spot. Ham, chicken, pineapples... mmm. It's like a panini but .. better! Definitely on my hit-list when I visit Vegas next! Noms!
5	This place is great since everything in Vegas seems to be overpriced. You can get a great sandwich (they come in many varieties) for 6 bucks plus tax. They have all kinds of sandwiches, wraps, salads, potato chips, and soups. It is located inside Planet Hollywood and it is wonderful if you are staying within the property and just want something inexpensive but good to eat. They are quite expedient with making the sandwiches so you will not have to wait very long to eat.
4	Breaking my rule (yet again) about reviewing chains. I only do this for extraordinary chains, though.Yum, I love these sandwiches. Lamely, I always order the same thing here. The Original is called that for a reason. Delicious yummyness. What can I say.   It's the perfect combination of melty, warm, chewy and crunchy. The bread it toasted to perfection and the cheese and meat are perfect too. I'm a huge fan of horseradish sauce, so this is the sandwich for me.The salads are pretty good too. The toppings are plentiful, which is not the case for many other salads to go.The service is pretty good, efficient and helpful. Pretty cheap for a strip lunch location. Definitely worth a trip, if you're in the area.
5	I'm so glad I stayed in the Planet Hollywood hotel because I literally had 24/7 access to Earl of Sandwich! YAY!In the span of my four days in Vegas, I had Earl's three times. Sooo satisfying and really great for a midnight snack. Service is speedy and the price is reasonable.My favorite sandwich  so far is the tuna melt. If you love tuna, eating one is a must. It was packed full of flavor, and I especially love their panini-like bread! Ahh. I also had the Original 1762 one night, which was alright. The horseradish did add a nice kick to it, though.However, I'm not a huge fan of the breakfast. The ham, cheedar, and egg breakfast muffin was way too salty.One of the best sandwiches, hands down. I'm already miss this place! They need to open one in California!
5	This place rocks because it is delicious food at a resonable price, and open 24 hours. On the strip it seems like its either cheapie fast food or upscale restaurants to choose from and sometimes you just want to grab some healthy, resonably priced food, but there aren't many options, so cheers to Earl of Sandwich for getting it right. The staff could be a little perkier but hey they weren't rude or anything so it isn't a big deal. One of the best BLTs I ever had, maybe because it was 4am and I had been drinking a bit or that is was actually super tasty, I think it was both :)
2	Wow. Talk about overrated !Okay so I only ordered a Tuna salad, because I really wasn't that hungry, but my other gfs ordered sandwiches and according to them it was an overall, 'Mehh.'  'Mehh' as in..you can find a much better bang for your buck at a local sandwich shop in your neck of the woods. Items aren't expensive so I give them that. They have everything you would find: hot sandwiches (duh), wraps, salads, coffee/tea, potato chips, breakfast options, and even dessert ! There's a lot of history behind this franchise..250 years to be exact so they must be doing something right ?! Uhh..right ?? Unfortunately, my experience wasn't quite enticing or memorable.Earl of Sandwich is like Subway - As in, you place a sandwich shop all by its' lonesome away from potential competition and not many food options available and you'll get hoards of people to come in. Smart Earl. Real smart. Due to its' Vegas location (i.e., inside Planet Hollywood), I'm not surprised many people line up here. This is an easy 'grab n go' meal-type setting and when in Viva Las Vegas, sometimes you just want a quick fix while you go around galavanting Sin City.  Okay..so on to my food:How can you mess up Tuna salad right ? Well, you sure can in this case. Waaaay overdressed and it reminded me of 'cafeteria food' where the ladies in aprons and hair nets use those hand scoopers to pile on a ball of coleslaw or mash potato on you cafeteria tray. Ya..I got a tuna ball *insert imagination* ! I should have known better, but I was really craving a salad. Is this premade? I could have sworn I saw some tossing up front. Oh..and I hate when they dress the salad for you. I like it on the side. I should have asked prior, but everyone seemed to be in a rush to order and move out the way. So I grabbed my salad and herbal hot green tea and went on my merry way.Rating Scale from 1-5:Appearance: Ball of Tuna = 1  Taste: Mushy, overdressed, still edible = 2Originality: If cafeteria food is original, then I MUST be from another planet = -1Overall score: 2 stars because I enjoyed my herbal hot green tea and the salad wasn't that expensive (thank goodness !)So maybe I should have gotten a damn sandwich, but I wasn't feelin' it at the time and my gfs weren't that impressed by it either. Would I give this place another shot ? If I had no other choice, maybe. Ok yes. No maybe. Ha !
5	tthis place just knocked every sandwich spots out of the water...I didn't stay in planet hollywood. But if I did I would just eat this. I had the tuna meltand the bread just compliments with the tuna...and the cheese!! I absolutely loooooove cheese and it was hot and melted....spool amazingly ...amazing. I can't wait to go back. They should definitely open one in la!
5	If you're staying at Planet Hollywood...walking near Planet Hollywood..AND YOU'RE HUNGRY...this place is the place to be!  Sandwiches and soups for under $7 at any hour of the day or night..  And they're delicious!
4	Drunken madness -- was I just really trashed + belligerent at 5 am or was this sandwich delicious???1)  Sandwich alone - $5.99 got the " club"  it was nicely toasted, fresh meat, and from what I can remember pretty big.  2) Sides are available for i think $1.59 - macaroni salad, pasta salad, etc. 3) Drink, bottle water $2.50, but apparently everyone just asks for a plastic cup and gets water on their own? I should have done that! =) .
4	Best anytime (open 24 hours!!!) affordable food spot in Vegas!!!!
5	You know what I think is funny? When folks come to Vegas and get Subway when you could get Subway pretty much anywhereeeee in the world. Folks: DON'T GO TO SUBWAY, COME HERE! You either flew out to Vegas or drove hours to get here, at least satisfy your taste buds with not only something new and limited in locations, but something hot and yummyyyy (no, I'm not talking about the boys from Thunder from Down Under).Caribbean Jerk Chicken, hands down, my favorite. Spicy, sweet and toasted, just the way I like it! But if you're not feeling the spicy and sweet, the menu is stacked with options suitable for anyone's taste: meat lovers, veggie lovers, exotic taste buds. Anyone! Just have one of these before the club or after, and it gets the job done AKA it does a great job of soaking up all the alcohol you've consumed! Plus, how could you refuse a cheap sandwich??? Less than $7, come onnnnn! A good quality sandwich is worth itttt.So to summarize my review: screw the $5 footlongs and come get some good ol' Earl of Sandwichhhh!
5	I recently stayed in planet hollywood and this restaurant is the only reason I didn't go completely broke on my Vegas vaca.  I ate here at least four times. Each time I had a different sandwich or wrap and I loved everything!  It was great to have an affordable place to eat that didn't require dinner reservations and a two hour block of time.  Less money on food means more money for craps!!! Open 24 hours, quick, delicious!
5	Five!Why? Really delicious, warm sandwiches in Vegas for SIX BUCKS what?!?! It's true!I've only been once and tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and would for sure recommend it! I've heard this is the only place you can get Earl Sandwiches so don't miss out!
4	Hurray! My 100th review goes to my favorite go-to spot in Vegas =DThis place is a freakin steal when it comes to food on the strip. A cheap 24 hr sandwich shop that doesn't slack on quality or efficiency in getting food out to you. I am amazed by how delicious their sandwiches always taste, regardless of how busy they get and how often I have been here. Sandwiches are toasted to a light crispiness and everything inside is melted perfectly. Can't wait until my next trip out west, so that I can make a pit stop here.Try - Full Montague, Jamaican Jerk
5	So freaking good! By far the best panini-style sandwiches I've had in a long time. I stopped by here twice within 6 hours, both for dinner and for a late night snack.Top 3 reasons that this place gets 5 stars:1) Open 24 hours. A necessity especially in a place like Vegas.2) Tastes like a panini, but the bread is SOFT and doesn't rip up my mouth.3) CHEAP! When you're losing money at the craps tables, it's a very comforting thought that you can at least afford one last delicious meal in Vegas.The Earl's Club and the Full Montagu were both amazingly delicious. For a Vegas eatery, this place definitely deserves the crazy high rating.
4	Tried their holiday sandwich this past weekend and absolutely fell in love with it. Served on artisan bread with turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberries. Sounds like an odd combination, but it definitely works. Bf ordered the full montagu, and said that it was good too. Can't wait to go back to vegas to try their other sandwiches.
5	Ohhhh my god, this place is amazing. For $6, you can get a great panini with fresh ingredients that comes out hot. The Earl's Club was delicious. They don't overload your sandwich with too many things, which is definitely a good thing. I can eat my sandwich without all those little things inside falling out (I hate when sandwiches fall apart on me) and you can taste every ingredient, in every bite. And it's open 24 hours! Scoreeeeeee!!!
5	simply the best sandwich i have had in a very long time.....  very easy menu and everything is made fresh and can't wait to go back and try another one :-)
4	This is definitely a new favorite. They definitely know how to make a good sandwich....they do it well and to do it quick! Awesome sandwiches, and at only $6.00 each, they are a steal for being on the strip in Planet Hollywood. I complain a lot when sandwich places jip you with too much bread, but here, the bread was the best part! It's a crispy, almost English muffin-type bread that's toasted, warm, and delicious. They do toasted sandwiches but Quizno's would be the mere fly on the stick compared to Earls. I had the Full Montagu sandwich and it was just off the chain! I honestly haven't had a sandwich that good in awhile. This place is a steal compared to some of the other high-priced places in Planet Hollywood and surrounding it. I will definitely be going back next time i'm in Vegas again. I hope they get a franchise going here in Texas!
4	Yeah! I am a fan. The size of sandwich is kind of small. But definitely tasty. I got original this time. Will definitely go back again.
4	Great sandwiches.It's cheap and really good. If you lost a lot of money gambling, or just don't have much to spend, eat here instead of eating fast food.
4	Can I just say CHEAP AND GOOD?  I was so shocked that their sandwiches were $5.99 and breakfast sandwiches were only $3.99.  Where have you been all my life?  I will admit I'd rather eat these sandwiches for breakfast or dinner than have denny's.  The bread is really good when they toast the bread but after about an hour, if you don't eat the sandwich, it's not that good anymore.  Their salads are okay so should have got their wraps instead.One morning I ordered the egg & cheese breakfast sandwich...definitely better than mcdonalds.  Wish they had these in California....oh well.  Now that I know its there, I'll be back I'm sure! :)
4	I have a few must-stops in Vegas. This has definitely earned a spot, thanks to the Montagu sandwich. I'd steer clear of the the Holiday Sandwich, though; it's just not as good as their other sandwiches. Why hit Subway, when for just $2 more, you can enjoy a quality panini from here? :)
4	I love the sandwich, they are juicy and delicious. It is located in Planet Hollywood by the miracle miles shopping center. It is open 24 hours and the prices are stupid affordable. If you are saving some money on food because you want to spend your money on casinos, stripclubs, or whatever the heck your trying to do in Vegas. Then this is the place for you because there roast beef sandwhich made my tastebuds go dumb!!
4	hot sandwiches! great for lunch on a cold winter day...reasonably priced and rather fast service!if the menu was more creative, i would have given it 5 stars... however, here you find the basic american sandwiches (but hot) ... they are still good, just less fun.
3	After reading all the great reviews for this place,  I had to check it out.  Unfortunately, I was not impressed by this place as everyone else was.  All their sandwiches are 6" subs that are cut in half, filled with their meats, toasted, and then topped with veggies.  Coming from Texas, they are similar to which-wich or potbelly's, but with less options.I went with the club sandwich which consisted of turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  The sandwich was bland and did not have much flavor.  I didn't even notice that there was bacon in my sandwich. I guess I have just been spoiled by similar businesses that are located in other states.  The big advantage of this place is that it is located in an excellent location on the strip, is open 24 hours a day, and the prices are reasonable considering where it is located.
5	I had a relative recently come back from Vegas and I told them to bring me one of thes awesome sandwiches on the plane and home to me. It worked out too. I had turkey and ham sandwich and it tasted SOOOOO  good.  I am not even kidding.  I remember going here when I was just leaving Las Vegas last year and that sandwich hit the spot on my plane ride home to JFK.  5-Stars Indeed.
5	This is my very first review after coming back from South Korea! I got back 2 weeks ago.. and went to Vegas for the weekend with the family, and I knew this would be a great opportunity to rack up some Yelp reviews to make up for lost time!!So I drove in and went to the coveted Earl of Sandwich.. This place is as good as they say! I tried 4 sandwiches and a soup thanks to my family, and we each got:Caribbean Jerk Chicken: mine! This was really good and spicy, with banana peppers and nicely grilled chicken. Twas delicious.The Original: My mom/dad split this one..  we all really liked it as we exchanged sandwiches (benefits of having a family that loves variety :P) Good roast beef! And the Original is a solid choice...No wonder why this place became so popular! The Full Montagu: My sister got this one.. and we all agreed that it was our favorite out of the 3... It had turkey? And Roast beef... and cheese with lettuce.. Delicious.Tomato soup: It was like gourmet Spaghetti-Os... It was ok and had croutons, but I don't remember how much it was... I'd rather have gotten another sandwich.My sister and I went for a second round...So we got:The Italian. This is by far our most favorite sandwich. This is the reason why you need to come here. I learned that Mortadello was Italian bologna, and it came with mozzarella, tomato, and it was good, good, goooooOOOood!!!Oh, and the Earl Grey Lemonade needs sugar. Nothing 4 Splenda's can't fix. Or you could just get a pink lemonade too.. There's so much I wanted to try too! The Meatball, Hawaiian Chicken, etc etc.. Food. Fresh and Hot.Service. Quick.Each sandwich I had was definitely worth $5.99. 5 Stars. Simple as that.
4	Ate here : October 2010Amazing. Open 24/7 and located in the Planet Hollywood hotel. If you lose all your money I'n Vegas / or don't come with enough... Earl of Sandwich allows you to still eat! 5.99 for a sandwich, wrap, or salad. Delicious. They also have sides like Chips, soup, brownies. The coffee is great. They have tables/ chairs to sit down In and recover. The breakfast sandwiches are great too. The lines can get long mid day, but late at night it is ideal. The ideal druken munchies or hang over cure.
5	Yummy sandwiches, good variety, well priced. This was on my list of places to try on this trip to Vegas and I was fixated on it for a couple of days. When we finally got to it, we got a blt, an Italian, and a full montague. All were really delicious, although not super filling. The brownie was also really yummy and kept me out of the sugar factory :)
5	We stayed at Planet Hollywood, and I'm glad we did because Earl of Sandwich is here. The line is long but it is well worth the wait! We literally ate here every day we stayed. It's that good. I usually get the tuna sandwich. It is the go-to spot when you visit Vegas. After a fun night at Surrender, we ate here around almost 4 in the morning. The environment kind of reminds me of a fastfood Panera Bread. I love how it's OPEN 24/7! 5 Stars for sure. T
5	Happy 2011 everyone!  Hope everyone had a terrific NY celebration (nothing crazy and unsafe, yet extremely awesome and entertaining!)  Now the New Year is upon us, let me start off with a 5 star review for ya'll!Earl of Sandwich... I've never really been a sandwich fanatic and this was all the rage prior to my recent last trip to Vegas by everyone I know and all the reviews posted on yelp.  On the day we were going to be leavin' LV I've decided to give it a shot by walking across the street for a quick brunch at Earl's.Oh boy am I glad that I did just that!You know... sandwiches are sandwiches.. nothing spectacular but nothing too horrible either... (a very safe type of food).  However, here at Earl's it's absolutely incredible on how they can possibly make things tastes so good!Again due to my typical curiosity and the irresistible temptation on trying new things,  I've decided to almost but the entire menu for my food tasting lab I've set up in Bellagio.  (I end up getting the Full Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and the Earl Cobb Salad.)  The sandwiches were $5.99 each with a decent portion (ain't the size of subway but quality is much much better!), and with two drinks the total came out to like $31 and change...(slightly pricey in my mind but gotta give it a try)I did share all this food with 3 other people though,,, so I not really the pig that I say I am.....So here were our thoughts...Full Montagu:  Great roast beef sandwich with turkey and swiss cheese... the roast beef was the real deal and it had the texture of soft arby's roast beef..... So taking that soft morsels that you call beef coupled with high quality you get an awesome sandwich!Hawaiian BBQ:  I didn't get to try this as my friend devoured it down in a quick few minutes... so I'm gonna take that gesture as awesome and leave it as that!  Jamaican Jerk Chicken:  Jerk flavored chicken + roasted bell peppers in a jerk sauce made this sandwich really really delicious!  That's all I can tell you!  Yum!Highlights of these sandwiches, the BREAD!  They toasted in a way where it's just the right moisture, the right texture, the right flavor, the right crispiness, and the right size overall!  It's just a really delicious bread to compliment all the dressings in between!  I've always believed that what makes a sandwich great is simply the bread itself, and Earl of Sandwich really proved that to be the main point!Earl Cobb:  Aside from having slightly too much dressing that I would have liked (I always watch my dressing calorie count as this is the main trick in getting a salad), it was absolutely delicious!  I've have had many salads in various places, I gotta say that this is one of the more tasty salads for a fast food joint.  Definitely worth the price!  (The people I was with weren't even into salads and they really enjoyed that too!)It's sort of weird that if you want ice tea you have to ask for it.... but you got the typical fountain drinks available for you (pepsi products)One final note.... this place has recently updated their operational hours and it is now 24 hrs!!!  WOW!  That's so awesome!  So you're telling me when I'm hungry late at night working on them slots, I can get myself a sandwich to go, sit down at the slot, blackjack machine, or anywhere to be gambling and eating at the same time?  I Love Vegas!!!So there you have it folks!  The first review of 2011 by yours truly and it is definitely a 5 stars in my mind.  So again hope everyone will be having a SUPER DUPER 2011 and if you do visit Vegas, may the money gods follow you to every machine/table you go to, and the sandwich gods guide you to Earl of Sandwich!
5	Ate here a year ago and it left such a strong impression that I just can't quite get over it still, so much so that I still occasionally check to see if by some random miracle that an Earl of Sandwich might have opened somewhere near me.We were starving around 1am after an early dinner buffet and spending hours in the casinos. We weren't up for wandering too far or spending too much more money on a late night snack, so Earl of Sandwich it was.We got the the Hawaiian BBQ, Cannonballs and Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwiches and shared them among three people so that everyone could try everything. All three were amazing. The sandwiches aren't huge but the portions are perfect and I can't complain about the price for the quality. I didn't imagine a meatball sandwich that could stand out amongst all other meatball sandwiches but oh man, the Earl of Sandwich Cannonballs meatball sandwich was amazing. I can't really describe what makes it so good, but it just was.Fast, affordable, and open all the time. Best sandwich place I've been to, hands down. Hoping to come back to Vegas soon to relive the glory (food-wise, not the losing money part.)
5	All the sandwiches are so good! My favorite is the caprese, but I also tried the caribbean jerk one, the roast beef one, the hawaiian one, the club one, the american one, some chicken caesar wrap one and others I can't remember! But seriously, for $6... so worth it!
5	Holy mother of sandwich heaven! I can't believe I've lived 27 years and never had the opportunity to enjoy a sandwich such as the Hawaiian BBQ. The bread is not fully cooked as it is prepared to order and sent through the oven baked to ultimate perfection. Earl, we will meet again one day. Until then I will only dream of our lunch time we shared one sunny day in Las Vegas.
5	HEAVENLY.I can't even describe how much I love this place.  I stop by every single time I go to vegas (which is about two/three times a year).  Although I wouldn't call this place a normal "restaurant" because of the cafeteria like line and open venue~ It is a MUST try for any visitor.  The Sandwiches, Salads and Soups are to die for!!The bread is toasted to crisp perfection and the ingredients inside compliment each other perfectly.My fave:The All-American SandwichTuna Melt SandwichThe Earl's Cobb SaladTomato SoupNot sure I'm a HUUUGE fan of the desserts, but I'm most definitely a fan of the sandwiches, salads and soups!!
4	worthwhile to go here if you stay near paris, cosmopolitan or bellagiosuper cheap food on the strip. $6 for a warm sandwich. I had the earl's club. The sandwich is toasted, filled with melting cheese! I will come here again
5	I have heard so many friends rave about Earls that I feel like I've been here a thousand times.  Finally I can put an end to all the "you've got to try Earl's" and "you've never been to Earl's?" and "dude, Earl's is amazing" because I ate at Earl's!!!  Is everyone quite satisfied now?This Earl's is in the Planet Hollywood Casino which attributes to its popularity and long lines.  I don't think there is anywhere on the strip you could find a more affordable meal unless you are completely desperate and stumble towards a fast food chain like McDonald's or Subway.  Speaking of Subway, Earl's is nothing like Subway or Quiznos for that matter.  I was somewhat expecting Earl's to be like these two popular chains but fortunately, Earl's was a few hundred notches up on the sandwich ladder.  Earl has a extremely efficient ordering and sandwich production line.  I promplty received my order within a couple minutes of payment, mind you, there was quite the crowd so the speed of execution was quite impressive and would make any VP of Operations proud.When a place is so hyped up I'm usually faced with bitter disappointment but I'm happy to say that this time, with Earl's, I wasn't disappointed.  Mind you, it wasn't a life altering experience and harps and giggling angels didn't fill my head after the first bite but overall, it was one of my best sandwich experiences.Because of all the hype, I took it upon myself to try as many sandwiches during my visit as possible so I promptly ordered the Original roast beef, the Earl's Club, the Italian and the Jerk Chicken along with a brownie, a Blue Moon Beer and a Coke.  Before you start pondering what a complete pig I am, I shared these with my group of 4 so everyone got a 1/4 sandwich each.  This was a great way to try a wide selection of their sandwiches, a prix fix Earl's sampling if you would.On to the actual sandwiches. The Original was superb.  The roast beef was juicy and flavorful, the horshradish was spicy and blended perfectly with the beef and sharp cheddar cheese.  It was light years ahead of the roast beef sandwich I had at Quiznos just a few weeks before. The Club was also very delightful with turkey and ham with fresh lettece and tomatoes.  The Italian wasn't my favorite with its Pastrami and ham combination but everyone else in my group thought it was terrific, I guess I'm not a big fan of Pastrami.  For me, the star of the show was the Jerk Chicken.  The chicken was moist and the Jerk sauce added a spicy kick to this exceptional sandwich.  The thing that made all these sandwiches special was the bread.  Only one kind of bread is served at Earl's and its their artisan white perfectly toasted.  If you believe that bread is what makes a great sandwich then Earl's should be your sandwich Mecca because you would be extremely hard pressed to find another worthy opponent.Hmmmm, I seem to have written too much....I doubt any of you will actually read to this point but for those that make it this far, thanks, I'm relieved my rambling was entertaining enough to retain your attention for this long.  I guess I'll just summerize Earl's in one last line.  If you haven't tried Earl Of Sandwich, you should listen to all these 5 star Yelp reviews and take the plunge, you'll most likely become another raver like myself.
3	Their sandwiches are very delicious for $5.99. I got the Italian (we also got a 10% employee discount). It measure about 8" long - it is more filling than it looks. It doesn't quite fill you up like a Subways Sandwich, but for $5.99, it's an amazing deal.The Italian is absolutely delicious. The juices are strong and the meat is fresh. It was served quickly and devoured even quicker.This place is an amazing place to eat dinner. Why spend $500 on a fancy dinner for two when the food is just as good here?
2	While in Las Vegas, you walk up to the craps table and you got the pass and the don't pass line. Well for me, Earl of Sandwich was definitely a "pass". I came to the Planet Hollywood location to pick up a Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich ($6) and wasn't impressed with the flavor, breading or amount of chicken. They are suppose to add a spicy jerk sauce but I couldn't taste any additional "bite". When I asked to remove the inside breading, they took a knife and made my roll paper thin compared to pulling out the breading. It's a simple concept; you order and they give you a pager when your sandwich was ready. The staff were young and didn't pay very much attention to customer service. Lots of seating and it can get very busy throughout the day. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but for $6, you can't beat a quick bite on the strip and head back to the craps tables!
5	AMAZING! BEST SANDWICHES HANDS DOWN!We were just here for NYE and my friend introduced us to this place. I love sandwiches that aren't greasy and that aren't completely filled with bread. This spot is it!!The bread is toasted and crunchy until the last bite, it's also very light and thin which doesn't make you feel super full. We ordered The Montague and Italian w/a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup = BOMB! The roast beef in my Montague sandwich was perfect and the soup was so yummy. Definitely hit the spot.I also tried my friends Cheese Soup and that was really good too! I started dipping my left over bread in her soup because I couldn't get enough!We're coming back here in two weeks and guess where we're going?! EARL OF SANDWICH DUH! ;]
4	VERY yummy! Delicious and reasonable.
4	Quick, great price and tasty. The breakfast BLT was just made, hot, crispy, and fresh lettuce and tomato. $3.99 it cannot beat.
5	I make sure I hit Earl of Sandwich up AT LEAST once per Vegas trip. I usually order The Earl's Club or The Full Montagu, but I'm going to go ahead and bet that the rest of the sandwiches on their menu are just as good. I'm foaming at the mouth just thinking about them. The ingredients are fresh. The bread is toasted to perfection. The sandwiches aren't all greased out so they feel relatively healthy to eat and you don't feel gross afterwards. Sometimes I'll get a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup w/ my meal. The soup is really good, but nothing special.There's a long line? Not uncommon. Just shut your mouth and get in line. This is the perfect to place to go after a long night of drinking and dancing at the club.
5	I agree with other yelpers in regretting not coming here more often. This is a very affordable place to eat in Vegas and is very delicious! My party loved it so much we came back the very next day as our last meal in Vegas.Location/parking: Located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino right across from the sports bar.Seating/wait: Quick moving line if you want to order. Better to send someone from your party to find a table during busy times.Service: Order over the counter. Sit and enjoy!Food:-Tomato soup with croutons (I asked for it on the side). This is hands down my favorite tomato soup every. EWW!!! Tomato soup. No really. I usually don't order tomato soup but I've ordered this every time I've been here. I suggest asking for croutons on the side. Otherwise, they come included in the soup and it may be soggy by the time you find a spot to sit.-Potato salad cup from fridge: it's a 2 star. It's as if you got potato salad from a super market.-Sugar cookie: pretty good/ok.-Brownie creme (looks like oreo whoopee): I thought it was ok.-The Earl's club sandwich: Amazing! Club sandwiches are usually all the same but it very god here.-Caribbean Jerk Chick Sandwich: delicious.Can't remember what the other 2 sandwiches were but all delicious.This place is so good. "Earl" of sandwiches is quite demeaning. It should be at least a Duke of Sandwiches.
4	What a great spot when you are craving something a little more mellow instead of the glutenous buffets that are everywhere in Vegas.  My buddy was raving about this place on the ride up from the OC and claimed that it was the best sandwich shop and blew away the quiznos, togos and subways of the world.  The place is simple... sandwiches with great flavor combinations.  I went with the original classic - roast beef with a light horseraddish sauce on a warm toasted bread... oohhh... makes me hungry now just thinking about it.
5	Okay so i yelped this place at home so that we can have some pretty cheap eats, because you know vegas, everything is very freaken expensive (sometimes they're good sometimes they're bad) anyways so this was our second to last meal before we leave vegas the next day, so we all got four different sandwiches.....and man were they worth every freaken penny...5.99 to be exact. HOW CAN THIS BE THE BEST AND THE CHEAPEST MEAL WE HAD?! WTF.....seriously it was sooo good that we stopped by again the next day before our drive home and got it again ho ho ho merry christmas ride home with earls of sandwich in our tummy....THE BOMB.COM!
3	I'm not sure what the hype is about this place. I came here expecting a lot given the large amount of 4-5 star Yelp reviews, and I left disappointed. I ordered the original because I figured that I couldn't go wrong with an original. I guess I should just not expect so much when I eat at a 4-5 star according to Yelp restaurant. The sandwich was tiny. The flavor tasted off because of the horseradish. I was so, so, so disappointed. I also got the chicken noodle soup because it was cold, and I wanted soup. That was average. I'm glad I got the soup or I'd have still been hungry after that tiny sandwich. To be fair, I was eating buffets during the earlier part of my trip to Vegas. But, I still think the sandwich could have been a lot better given all these rave reviews.
4	I've only been here once and I'm already hooked. In fact, I find myslef dreaming about their sandwiches the way I dream about winning the 355 megamillion lottery. The bread is buttery and crispy. The meat is so tender and flavorful and goes perfectly well with its creamy horseradish sauce. Such a simple and classic combination, but oh-so-flavorful.Earl, you are my new crush. It's a love-hate relationship. I love that it's so tasty, but I hate that there are no locations in OC. I don't need the typical partying excuse to go to Vegas, I just need Earl's.
4	Came in here at 3 am to get a snack after the club, really like the sandwich here. They are tasty and good for the wallet better than togos, quiznos and subway.  It is located in Planet Hollywood inside the casino at the front of starbucks. It is open 24 hours and the prices are stupid affordable. If you are saving some money on food because you want to spend your money on casinos, clubs, or whatever the heck your trying to do in Vegas.
5	Wow.Taking the recommendations from other yelpers, we ordered the Full Montagu, the Caprese, a broccoli and cheddar soup, and an ice cream sandwich made with Ghiradelli chocolate.Everything was amazing. The roast beef was moist and complemented the turkey in the Montagu. The bread was nicely toasted, giving a nice satisfying crunch. The Caprese had a balsamic dressing that tied the sandwich together in such beautiful harmony. Next time I'll ask for the to warm or melt the cheese a bit more; I like my cheese gooey.The broccoli and cheddar soup was like broccoli chunks in cheese soup, but somehow the flavors went well. And of course, how can you go wrong with Ghiradelli?Amazing!! Now I'm curious to see how it would've tasted if they used California Sourdough's sourdough bread... *drools*~*~I couldn't help it. We came back the 3rd time this week and why not? At $6 a sandwich and open 24 hours its probably the cheapest good eats on the strip! Here's what we've sampled so far in my preferred order.1. Full Montagu - just perfect2. Caprese - would order it extra melty next time3. Holiday - the gravy, cranberry, and stuffing is like warm Thanksgiving in my mouth4. Original 1786 - classic roast beef and horseradish5. Italian - nice flavors, but didn't jump at meBrownie creme sandwiches are like giant brownie Oreos. Must have.And if it's hot, the Brownie ice cream sandwiches are just as good.Soups are good too, nice balance, not too salty and good chunky.Did I mention the brownie sandwiches have Ghiradelli chocolate chips in them? Oh YEAH....
5	I'd like to call myself a sandwich connoisseur, and Earl of Sandwich definitely has some of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  It's all about the bread here - amazingly fresh and delicious.  I even went here 2 days in a row - had the Caprese (really good basalmic dressing/sauce) and Tuna melt (who knew it could be so warm and satisfying?).  Even the sides are good - tomato soup, macaroni salad, and coleslaw. Great place to stop by if you're hungry and want something quick to eat.  I would recommend going to Earl of Sandwich over Pink's.
4	Okay if I could I would give this 24 Hour place a 4.5 Star rating and here's why.I ended up trying this place partially because I wanted to see what the best cheap eats in Las Vegas were. So I went there one day and grabbed a late lunch, and when I took my first bite it was absolutely wonderful. So much better than any sandwich I've had in Canada. I love their full Montagu sandwich, it was tasty, delicious and of great value. (In Canada are food portions are usually smaller than the U.S, so for me the sandwich was a good size.) The bun is always crispy but not hard so that it rips the roof of your mouth. (not a fan of hard breads) and the way that everything just melds is amazingly simple yet is a melt in your mouth experience that is hard to describe.During my stay in Vegas I ate there 3 times and each sandwich has always made my stomach smile. (I remember one was Hawaiian, but I can't remember the 3rd). The only downfall is that if you are a bit of health nut then you may want to watch out for the sodium levels. I know they are quite high. But what most people may not mention is that their salads are absolutely great for the price you pay. Salads are never prepackaged and suffocating in a plastic container. They are made fresh and taste wonderful. The pricing of around 6 bucks for a salad is almost unheard of in Las Vegas. At the end if you're looking for a sandwich and salad meal for under $13 US, definitely go to Earl. You can't get better value. Considering what the cost of other meals in Vegas are, this is a great place for bachelors and people who are with a family and budget conscious.
4	This place is great for sandwiches.  Great price, esp considering the surrounding choices, when all you are looking for is something to eat.
5	Caribbean jerk sandwich was delish!  Ham and swiss was pretty good too. Prices were good. Tomato soup tasted like it came from a can. But overall it was good.
5	MmMMmMm Earl of Sandwich is seriously the best hot sandwich ever for $5.99!  I had the full Montagu sandwich and it was mMmMm!  It was roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, and mustard.  Delish!  The bf had the The Earl Club!  It had roasted turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato, and the amazing sandwich sauce. There was something about how the sandwich was made. Whether it was having the right proportions, or the ingredients used, or the freshly toasted bread, their sandwiches were just amazing.  If we weren't going on for a buffet later in the evening, the bf was seriously considering a second sandwich because of how much he loved it.  They also had Kona Coffee with free refills for $1.99~ Awesome!If you want a cheap, amazing sandwich, this is the place!  Actually, this is a good place for lunch anyways.  Yum Yum Yum! Thumbs up!
5	This place is a must have in Las Vegas, There Sandwiches are amazing. Not pricy at all, for 5.99 it kills every other sandwich place.
5	So where's the best place to pigout on the Las Vegas Strip at midnight when all the buffets are closed and you don't feel like eating at a Sit-Down Restaurant?  Earl of Sandwich!!  This was my third trip to the sandwich shop and I can never get tired of their awesome sandwiches.  I was seriously hungry this trip and ordered two sandwiches this time: The Full Montagu and Hawaiian BBQ.  Yes, Earl of Sandwich has officially become my Las Vegas equivalent to Ike's Place.The Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=VuMLFE1ytKYr8Nntu3irFQ) was everything I expected it to be.  A sandwich that's loaded with meat and has some kick to it.  It was very tasty!!The Hawaiian BBQ -  Grilled Chicken, Roasted Ham, Hawaiian BBQ Sauce, Aged Swiss Cheese & Fresh Pineapple (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=LSuzXyK62n2wfMV_cN69tQ).  This one really took me by surprise.  It was like biting into a Hawaiian Pizza with tangy BBQ sauce.  Very strange combination, but it surprisingly worked.Like the same cost of all their sandwiches, both of them cost only $5.99 each and then I washed everything down with Earl's Grey Lemonade.  It was a great late night pigout session for less than $17!  I will be back here again!!  Love this place!
3	The sandwiches are good, but not worth a cab ride here. They're hot, crispy and gooey all at the same time, but they're only a small step above a Quiznos sub.As suggested by Yelpers, my boyfriend and I got the Jerk Chicken sandwich, which was not spicy AT ALL, but still very good. My boyfriend got the Hawaiian, which I thought was better than the Jerk Chicken for flavor.What they have on their side is the price, but not if you have to take a cab to get here. If you're in the hotel, this is a perfectly good no-frills place to grab a sandwich.
5	Best Sandwiches in the world and i am not kidding! Too bad they only have a few locations throughout the USA but who cares! ITS THE BEST IN THE WORLD! I eat at Earl's at least 3 times every vegas trip!I Will begin reviewing each sandwich shortly...Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich:My personal favorite on the menu! I love the banana peppers and the right amount of spicyness of this sandwich. I even add Tabasco Sauce to kick it up a little bit! This is a must have if you have never been to Earl before.  MY PERSONAL FAVORITE!Italian Sandwich:Italian sandwiches are great wherever you go but this certainly is one of the best sandwiches on the menu. Make sure you eat it right away while its hot and order the delicious salt n vinegar chips to go along with it!Tuna Sandwich:One of the simplest sandwiches on the menu with it having only 2 ingredients on the inside, Albacore tuna and swiss cheese.  The bread is of course what makes this sandwich but every sandwich is served hot and this hot tuna sandwich was SUPERB!The Original:If you're into Horse Raddish and Roast Beef this is awesome! I also love the earl's spicy mustard they put to add some kick to it!Earl's frozen Lemonade: EXCELLENT! Just like the frozen lemonade you buy at disneyland. Cheap too!Caprese Sandwich:If you've ever been to italy or just had mozarella and tomato Caprese or just enjoy something without meat, this sandwich does the trick. Too bad they dont make this smaller, because it would be a great appetizer.Kono Coffee:Not bad, I prefer walking to Coffee Bean inside miracle mile!
4	Awsome place to grab a sandwhich, I had to go twice while I was in Las Vegas. Great food and firendly service.
5	This place serves the best quick service sandwiches. I'm surprised there aren't more locations. This particular location is open 24 hours. Awesome location for people watching. I've been wanting to try it since I first saw an Earl of Sandwich at Walt Disney World. I finally got my chance this past trip. I liked it so much I went back the next night. My favorite items were the tomato soup and the holiday sandwich. The holiday sandwich was their special. I wish they'd serve it year-round. I've been craving Earl of Sandwich lately. Someone please open a franchise in Southern California!
4	I was staying at Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile mall is right next door.  Rather that eat a "food court" lunch I decided to try the Earl of Sandwich, which is at the front of the Miracle Mile entrance.I ordered a tuna melt, which I wanted cold.  The sandwich came out hot - the manger explained that the bread had to be baked and he offered to remake the sandwich, bake the bread, then add the ingredients.Rather than wait, I went ahead with the tuna melt and I was pleasantly surprised.  The bread was excellent, and the tuna and cheese inside was very good.  This is also one of the less expensive meals I have had in Vegas - all in all a good deal and highly recommended.
5	My favorite sandwich shop at my favorite hotel! I have tried most of the sandwiches, but my favorite is the Montagu. Gotta love that roast beef! I love coming here when I start the day in Vegas, but it's best enjoyed after a night of dancing at the finest clubs on the strip. I love that they can make a presentable, delicious, decently-priced sandwich without making me wait forever-even when there is a line snaking around the Planet Hollywood casino. Try it while you're in Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
5	This is my GO-TO eatery in LV. I seriously cannot stay away. I think at one point I ate here 3 or maybe 4 times in one day. You can't go wrong. I, however, always ALWAYS seem to order the tuna melt. I've ordered several other items, all equally as good as one another, but the tuna melt is what stands out for me.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to try and smuggle some home, although, they may all miraculously disappear before my plane has landed.
5	The bread they use at this place it out of this world. The meat on the sandwiches are super juicy and for being on the strip the price is Awesome. Also check out "Fresh Grill and Bar" which is just a few shops down (also a greeaat deal)
4	Conveniently located in Planet Hollywood, right by the entrance to the Miracle Mile shops and close enough to the casino. I enjoyed the original 1762. The hot sandwich didn't have much (roast beef, cheddar cheese, and horseradish sauce with no veggies), but it was perfect the way it was. Juicy roast beef that wasn't overcooked with the cheese melted right on top. Their coffee is quite good too. The place is open 24 hours, so it's a great place to pick up a meal at any time of day. Free wi-fi too!
5	Ate here twice and was never disappointed. Maybe because I got the same sandwich...BUT they were both good nonetheless! The bread was perfectly toasted and buttery. Mmmmm! I got the Club and it was the best club I've ever had. I want some NOW! You know what else? They are open 24 hours! So grab a Fat Tuesday and hop over to Earls. You won't be dissapointed.
1	gross gross gross,my friend and i ordered the asian chicken salad, andit was gross, so gross that i considered taking it back and have them refund my money. that gross.the best part of this meal was the water I got, due to dehydration from drinking,
5	I don't really like sandwiches but I LOVE the Earl of Sandwich sandwiches.The first time I was here, it was 3am and I had just flown into Las Vegas and my tuna melt was delicious. Judging by the long line, many people agreed.The second time I was here, it was midday and the place was just as packed. The cashiers were really nice and friendly. Once again, I had to order the tuna melt. I love getting the sandwich and it's so hot it burns your fingers. I know it's definitely fresh. I take a bite; the cheese is so smooth, the bread is soft, and the tuna is delicious. Man! I loved the sandwich so much! I was so sad when it was gone. I am definitely coming back.My friend also decided to get the Earl Grey lemonade, which was surprisingly really good! I'm going to get that too when I come back to Vegas.
5	Only $6!!I can rave as much as I want, but I think the overwhelmingly positive reviews say it all. These sandwiches are great! No skimping on meat, toppings, toasted hot bread, speeedy service. A+++++
4	Okay this place is really just 3.5 stars in my book but being open 24 hours a day, located in my hotel, and cheap gives it an extra half of star. Theres nothing spectacular about these sandwiches but it is an excellent value. We tried the original, full montagu, and one with turkey and cranberries that was bomb. I wanted to like this place more and was expecting more after all the great reviews. It was tastey and soaked up some booze at 5am.
5	Every sandwich I've tried here was amazing. And trust me: I hate paying for sandwiches that I can surely do myself...but, they are just toooooo effing delicious to pass up.TUNA MELT: O-M-G soooo effing good. Especially with their potatoe salad.The cannonball: meatballs with marinara sauce make it like pasta in bread.The Original (roast beef, cheese) and The Earl (turkey, bacon, etc) are both savory and rich.Best thing is they are open 24 hours. When I was here for New Year's Eve, they were a savior in the hunger department at 2am.
3	I thought the sandwich as a whole was "eh".Highlights and things of note: Bread is really goodBread is warmPrice was under $10Sandwich is on the small sideLocated in Planet Hollywood near east entranceOrder and pick up
5	The All-American was like a Thanksgiving dinner in your mouth.The Full Montagu had some good beef.Hot sandwiches in Las Vegas for under $6? Nice!Chips are cheap too. Delicious soup that just hits the spot.This place is easily a Vegas hot spot. Just goes to show the glitz isn't always necessary to be infamous in its own right.This place has definitely saved lives from becoming another victim of the Vegas mess.
5	Okay. So here's the deal.You go to a few different sandwich shops on different days to pick up some goods to indulge your nom nom feeling. Say you like the BLT or the Club and that's what you get every time, regardless.  You choose these because you focus on the what's being sandwiched between the two pieces of bread.  The bread is seriously just some edible cushion to keep your hands from getting messy from eating the goodness of what's inside the sandwich.  It's the law of sandwich bread.You come in Earl of Sandwich and that law is completely broken. You can get ANY sandwich, and despite which one you get, it WILL be a winner.  The highlight of each sandwich IS the bread. It's perfectly toasted on the outside and warm and fluffy in the inside. It truly disgusts me to even think about how beautiful sandwich bread could be. A dinky picture and even this review can barely describe the wonders of their bread. You're probably thinking, "Damn, this girl is seriously trippin' about the bread", and you know what? Yeah, I am. It's seriously that good. Okay, thats enough on bread.The Full Montagu is very delicious and the roast beef was tender.The Club tasted so fresh and the bacon gave it a nice crunch.The Carribean Jerk is a must have if you want loads of flavor in your sandwich.I've also tried some of their wonderfully made soups:Tomato Soup- was thick, creamy, and had croutons in it. My boyfriend ordered the food while I was away in one of the stores, and the soup was sitting for awhile. I came back, all sad faced, because the croutons were going to be soggy.... or atleast that's what I thought. It was 100% crunchy and the soup was at a perfect hot temperature. If you like tomato soup, it's a MUST have.Broccoli Cheese Soup- was also very creamy and flavorful. It was thick and chunky, but not too thick where it had the consistency of porridge ( a red flag for me to send it away ). Expect to stand in a line during hungry hours; You get a pager when your food is ready. Trust me, its worth the wait! The sandwiches are your ordinary sandwich prices and soups are also well priced. I honestly believe it tastes like a million bucks though.... nothing compares to these sandwiches.One of the best parts is, is that my hotel was a 3 minute walking distance from Planet Hollywood ( @ the Marriot ) and I literally could walk here ANY part of the day/night ( 24-hour service!!!! ) to grab a nomster sandwich.I'm seriously coming here EVERY time I visit Vegas!PS--Beware of staring at random people in that area, you may get punched to the face and knocked down to the ground. My friend did, atleast. HAHAHAHAHHA. Sucks.
3	If you're simply looking to fill your gullet, without any bells and whistles, then this is the place.  The turkey sandwich and chips really hit the spot.
5	1+ for serving delicious hot sandwiches1+ being open for 24 hours1+ efficiency even with long lines1+ satisfying portions1+ offering free soup on the weekend I visited :) I had such a great visit here after reading about all the reviews. The sandwiches are all $5.99 and for a decent portion too. The sandwiches are reallyt good but the thing that sticks out most about it is the bread. Its soft like a ciabatta bread and just ties in all the flavors. I tried the Full Montague and it was soooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It had roast beef, turkey, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and though it sounds simple, the hot sandwich satisfies, ESPECIALLY for such a cheap price!It was so good that I just HAD to come back 4am in the morning to grab another one for my bf to try back home. STILL delicious!
5	We stayed at PH towers...which is in very close proximity to Earl of Sandwich.  One of the people in our group also stayed there last time he was in Vegas, and the one request he made for this trip was that we eat at Earls.  Few things you should know.  Each sandwich is only $5.99.  It is open 24 hours.  And it is RIDONKULOUSLY good.Seriously.  I'm not joking around - if you are anywhere near PH, you MUST give this place a try.  If you like sandwiches in general, or hot sandwiches specifically, or just delicious bread - you won't go wrong.The one sandwich our group didn't like was the Hawaiian...they said it was sort of sour.  The faves were probably the full montague & the italian.  YUM YUM YUM!!!
5	Best sandwich place i've been to. Although I may be a little bias since I was starving when I stopped by this place. I heard it was good so I thought I'd give it a try. It is open 24 hours---how perfect! It's cheap! About $6 for a sandiwich---it might look a little small but it's stuffed with food so it'll be sure to fill you.The line is a bit long, but they go through it pretty quickly...I got the tuna melt and it was just amazing. Soft bread, chewy, cheesy, warm---everything you'd want in a sandwich! They give you buzzers to hang out to while your sandwich is being prepared, and there is not much of a wait so you'll get your food fast!I definitely recommend stopping by here! Amazingly delicious, affordable food...open 24 hours? What are you doing still reading this review? Go!
5	The best food at the best prices at the best location in Sin City.Forget the buffet food and waiting in long lines.  The food here is unbelievably good.  I wish there was one in my neighborhood.  Try it and you'll see what I mean.
5	I honestly don't even think this needs another review, but I have to say..... AMAZING!!!! I'm still craving it!!!
5	Alright my very first review! And what a way to start it off with this place. I'm a big time sandwich girl and earls is the best I've ever had....so far. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it was deeee-lish! I went to the location at the planet Hollywood las Vegas. Everything about the sandwich was amazing up until the very last bite. I craved it so much, that when I got back home to SD I went straight to panera just to fulfill my cravings. I hope one will open up in SD soon!
5	Delicious! Came at lunch time & line was pretttty long, but totally worth the wait. Came on National Soup Day & got a coupon for a free creamy tomato soup w/ fresh cheesy croutons! I had the Earl Club, which was good, but a bit too salty cause of the bacon. The next day I came back the next night after XS (cuase they're open 24 hrs, haaay- late night drunk munches) & got the All American with turkey, buttermilk ranch & cranberries. It sounds a bit weird, but it was delicioussss! I've heard that this place compares to Nor Cal's Ikes Sandwiches, but it's a bit different. There's not as many to choose from, but it is equally delicious. A must try if you get the chance! Oh & all sandwiches are only $5.99, score!
5	A cheap mouth-watering hot sandwich that's open 24 hours? It can't get any better than that. I had the pleasure of going here after clubbing at around 4AM and it was heaven in my mouth. I had the Tuna melt and its the best one i've had by far. They make their own bread and it just kills me that it has to disappear into my belly.  It was soo good that we ate here again the next day.  This place is affordable and goes to show that you can still enjoy vegas even if you are on a tight budget. I wish they open one up in California preferably in Norcal!
5	Tasty and AffordableSandwiches and the likes served hot -- a late night haven for intoxicated tourists
4	Open 24 hrs and awesome sandwiches all day...what is not to like? The sandwiches are great but have to be eaten right away. I tried taking one back to my room and it just wasn't the same. All of the sandwiches are toasted to order and you have to wait a minute for them to come up....but its worth it. Get there before 11am and you'll get to try one of the breakfast sandwiches...the BLT was delicious. The lunch line got a little crazy but they got through it pretty quickly. Its certainly "fast" food.
5	An EXCELLENT sandwich shop in vegas and a great place to grab a bite to eat to fuel your tank, but not stuff you. We got the sandwiches quick style and it's a pretty cheap place to eat! VISIT VISIT VISIT!
4	At our recent Vegas trip, we stayed at the PH Westgate Towers and this joint was situated nicely in the hotel.  It will now be a staple for us every time we're in need of a good sandwich.  We tried the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu (both hot).  I don't know what they put in their sandwiches...maybe crack (j/k)??  The sandwiches were awesomely delicious!  My only complaint is that I wished they were bigger!
5	SO FREAKING GOOD! Honestly the best BLT I've ever had. When we go to Vegas this is always one of the first places we have to eat. It's cheap and really good.
4	What is there left to say when 653 other Yelpers have already spilled the beans about the Earl of Sandwich? There was only one thing left to do which was to see what the hype was all about myself. The place is located inside the Planet Hollywood across from the sports book. It's open 24/7 for all you lovely belligerent and drunk, 5 inch heels in hand meaning blackened Hobbit feet, crusted yack on chin folks. The Earl just might be your savior.For a measly $5-6, you can get a nice, freshly made and toasted sandwich. There are many options to choose from such as the classic club to the Hawaiian bbq. Of course there are other items on the menu like their rich tomato soup (I recommend the croutons on the side), salads, wraps, and so forth. The word about the Earl of Sandwich is out so don't go bezerk if you see a pessimistic long line. Their efficient staff will keep the lines steadily moving and it shouldn't take too long for the orders to be called. The only downfall is possibly the seating for it may fill up quickly.On our most recent trip to Sin City, we stopped by Earl's twice due to the fact that we stayed at PH and so it was always a short walk away. On a random note, I would like to state that for some odd reason I enjoyed the sandwiches from Earl the next morning after it was left out over night more than straight out of the oven. Perhaps it was the hangover munchies?Give the Earl a hollar if you're ever in the (702) area code.
4	The Earl of Sandwich is a great sandwich place in Planet Hollywood.  It's fast, convenient, and affordable.  I like the way they toast the bread and when you bite into your sandwich you get this nice, satisfying crunch.  For those of you walking down the strip and is in need for something very cheap and good go visit The Earl of Sandwich.
4	huh.... #1 on "Hot on Yelp" on the Yelp homepage for Las Vegas. I was expecting some expensive 5-star restaurant. But when I think about it, Earl of Sandwich is something I always crave on my Vegas trip.Not only is it the best drunk food (opened late), it's also perfect for lunch and dinner. It's located in the casino part (not the mile shops) of Planet Hollywood. Every time I come here, my go-to sandwich is the cannonball. Delicious bread, meatballs, marinara, and gooey cheeeeese. Simple, yet gorgeous.My boyfriend and I shared one as an after-club snack and on the last bite of my boyfriend's sandwich, he dropped the last meatball on the floor. In all honesty, it was the saddest part of our night. So sad that we talked about it the next morning, very true story.It's that good, man.
5	I've eaten here three times on three separate occasions when I'm in Vegas.Each time I come here ... AMAZING. The artisan bread that they use for their hot sandwiches is simply divine. I've tried the Veggie Sandwich - very, very fresh with an almost Mediterranean taste.The Full Montagu is my absolute favorite sandwich as of right now. They juicy and thinly sliced turkey breasts as well as roast beef just melts in your mouth as you bite into crisp lettuce and tomatoes. Top it off with some extra Dijon mustard & tabasco sauce and I am in H.E.A.V.E.N.The sandwiches are ~$5.99I sometimes get a bowl of Tomato soup (which looks red on the screen, but comes out orange when you take off the lid). I think they mix a lot of cheddar cheese with the tomato soup because it's super creamy & rich. They put a bunch of croutons in the soup bowl so when you open the lid they are swimming in front of your face =)AHHH Earl of Sandwich.... until we meet again.
5	Damn good sandwiches.  Only $5.99, and they're fast, too.  I eat there every time I stay at Planet Hollywood.  Full Montagu is great, Caribbean Jerk Chicken is my favorite. It's right across the hallway from the sportsbook.  Try it, you'll be hooked.
5	Thank you Earl. You were open 24hours for both my drunkeness and my hangover. Your sandwiches are warm and soft, yet crunchy and fresh. The food wasn't too heavy but it was filling. The line goes by fast, the soups are amazing, and the brownies hit the spot. We need more sandwich places like this and less places like Subway..
4	Pros: Tomato soup, BLT, open 24 hoursCons: Kinda pricey for a sandwichCame here on my last trip to Vegas and I'm pretty impressed. Although, they're known for their roast beef, I ended up ordering their BLT sandwich.  The bacon was nice and smokey. What really makes the sandwich, however, is the bread. It's nice and toasted. Booyah.I also ordered a tomato soup that also hit the spot.Although I ate here during dinner, they're also open 24 hours. If I were drunk and looking for a late night bite, I'd definitely come by here again.
5	Here's a math question for everyone. If I was in Vegas for 3 days and went to Earl of Sandwich 3 times, how many sandwiches did I eat? A. 3B. 4C. This question can not be solved.D. A & CE. B & CBrings back painful memories of the SATs, huh? The correct answer is E! Yes, this question is totally ambiguous but, it's also true that I ate 4 sandwiches in 3 visits. And as icing on the cake, I had a bite of my friends Tuna Melt. I've had half the sandwiches on their menu and I've never had one I didn't like. It's an addiction and really the BIGGEST reason I would continually stay at PH Towers. And at $6.48 (tax included) a pop, you can save the money, eat like a king or queen, and then blow your new found savings on Wheel of Fortune. But seriously, these are the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire existence on Earth. Period.
5	A 5 star review for a sandwich shop?  YES!  As far as sandwiches go, this is the place I fantasize about.  And I always come crashing down in flames as I realize that I live 4 hours away from Las Vegas...it is a very, very sad moment.  The Jerk Chicken: So creamy, and there is such dynamic flavor.  I just ate it up! (Pun very much intended) Cannonballs (meatball sub): excellent.  If you like meatball subs, you'll like their's.  I'm on a mission to try more.  I encourage all you yelpers and readers to try this the next time you're on the strip in Las Vegas.  Planet Hollywood.
5	One of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I love that there still exists a place on the strip to get cheap, quality food. All of their sandwiches and salads are $5.99 and packed with quality and flavor. Best of all, they're open 24 hours! Luckily for me, I stayed in the Westgate Towers at Planet Hollywood so we were only a stone's throw away from Earl's. Among my group of friends, I bet we hit this place up at least 5 times a day. My favorite is the club sandwich. The bread, ingredients, and special sandwich sauce they put in all meld together perfectly. Their chicken caesar salad is also delicious (croutons were on the salty side but no matter). Yes, the line can get long but it goes by really fast. Clubs, gambling, and other shenanigans are fun but Earl's is definitely gonna be my reason for returning to Vegas.
4	OMG so good!! i was in vegas for two days and I had this twice AND i bought a couple to fly home with me! Loved their tuna melt, the prices were cheap and the bread is AH-MAZING! they need to open a branch over here in LA!
5	I will always make time to go here when I'm in Vegas since it's the CLOSEST to me! Ohh fresh hot sandwiches so flavorful and so perfectly toasted! The price is amazing too. Totally affordable after you've lost it all in Vegas. The warmth of the sandwiches inside your tummy will make you feel much much better. I want some now that I'm thinking about it. Oh, I ordered the signature sandwich as well as the meatball one. Next time I go I'm going to try something different having faith that it won't disappoint.
4	So for the first food trip of LV 2011 is.................Earl's! Huh?  Not a buffet???!  Nope...we were hungry, in a rush and wanted to spend less than $10.Located right in the Miracle Mile Shops and PH Casinos....I'm glad I get to experience this place the first chance we get because every time we walked past them since...it's been long lines and packed packed packed.  The lines are so ridiculous long that my buddies and I termed it....Loser Lane....hehe....where you lost big in gambling....trying to get cheap food/kill time at the same time :)I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich with horseradish cream sauce and veggies.  I tend to always order the Roast Beef at every new sandwich shop I go to...so this place is no different.  Add into the fact that most of the crew ordered their special or the Italian....so I chose to be different.All I can is...my sandwich is juicy..tender...tastes great with the creamy horseradish sauce all for under $10.  I wished the portion was bigger though...and...well....let's just say the rest of the night of drinking hit me harder than it should because there's not enough food in my tummy :(Overall, pretty good sandwich to check out if you are sick of buffets, trying to kill time and don't want to gamble.
5	If you had to eat at only 1 place in Las Vegas, this would be it.  Located conveniently in Planet Hollywood, it's the best $5.99 (add $2.99 if you want a cup of soup) you'll spend in Vegas.   I am so in love with Earl of Sandwich (and I've eaten there only twice) I'm questioning whether I have enough funds to open my own franchise.   But it's just a sandwich you say?  Yes, it is, but it is totally delicious.  The sandwiches come wrapped in gold foil, and it's like a hot little brick, all ready for your consumption.
5	This is the perfect late nite food spot and very convenient since we were staying at Plant Hollywood. Open 24 hours. Great sandwiches!! My 2 favorites: 1)The Original - Roast beef, Cheddar cheese and creamy horseradish sauce 2) Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce
4	EXCELLENT. I've been here twice at two separate times. I love it, the food was delicious. :)I ordered a Caribbean Jack and famous Earl Sandwich. So if you need to pick something to order, I would highly recommend those two. :DThe sandwiches here beats Subway by a landslide. So forget Subway or Micky D's when you get Earl's!
5	Best sandwich in Las Vegas! I ate there twice recently. You won't find a better sandwich for $5.99.
5	Was in Vegas over the weekend, for 2 days and 2 nights, I had 3 different Esandwiches and all were superb!
5	Awesome place to grab a great sandwich on the Strip. This is an inexpensive option if you're in Vegas for vacation and very filling!
5	ONE OF THE BEST SANDWICHES I'VE EVER TASTED.I cannot get enough of the BREAD. I mean, that's not the only part of the sandwich but if you're a big bread fan like I am, you will definitely die for the bread. Overall, it's a great place to grab a sandwich for only 6 BUCKS. I wish I knew about this place since day 1 of our trip because I would of been having a cheap but delicious sandwich everyday.
5	I basically lived off of Earl of Sandwich this past weekend in Vegas...and well pretty much every other Vegas trip as well. Amazing, hot sandwiches at any hour of the day or night for just $5.99! The "Full Montagu" is delish! Add some tobasco, or steak sauce on it and your drunk muchies will be very satisfied.
5	Open 24 hoursI have to emphasize how amazing and great this place is. Best sandwiches ever. Speddy moving service. GREAT GREAT GREAT.LOCATION:-Located in Planet HollywoodFOOD:- Tuna melt .. Came out HOT and the swiss was cheesy and melty but not overy cheesy! the tuna melt was perfect !- Tomato soup .... THE BEST soup i've EVER had it was hot and creamy and thick. Perfect!PRICES: - CHEAP AND AFFORDABLE. I will NEVER miss a chance to eat here ever again. I have to come here at least once every vegas trip from now on!   SERVICE: - One line, order and the pay at the end of the line. It was quick and easy. There is a lady at the end of the line that gives you a menu to look like.
2	I'm breaking away from the herd here to say I've had better. I had the original. The bread was awesome, but the roast beef so rare it bled into the bread which was just gross. Ick. Just a small amount of cheese and sauce. Granted it was cheap and convenient, but after reading all these reviews I was expecting a party in my mouth and it just didn't happen.I was glad to see I could get a beer with my sandwich but it almost doubled the cost of my lunch for a bottle. Desserts were wrapped in plastic, mostly brownies and the tops of cupcakes (I forget what they called them) but they looked just like the brownies.The men in our group loved this. The women all felt like I did. Perhaps it's a man thing?
5	WHERE'S THE EXTRA CREDIT BUTTON TO GIVE THIS PLACE SIX STARS. yes... i want to give extra credit. tried it for the very first time in vegas last weekend... figured "hey, gotta try the original sandwich". One bite into it, i was like, "HOLLLLLLLLLLY cow, that is one good roast beef sandwich" (get the bad joke? get it?) lame jokes aside, if ppl r looking for something quick, YUMMY, fast, convenient, YUMMY and YUMMY, this place is the place to go on the strip. Location is perfect for people staying at the Cosmopolitan for it is right across the strip. Highly recommended for people visiting vegas.
4	Earl of Sandwich is a pretty stellar sandwich place that's very, very good. But I have to stay I was still expecting a little bit more judging from all the praise that it was getting. Besides, four stars does mean that I'm a fan, right? Located in Planet Hollywood, it was one of the few places that I ate at during the weekend we spent in Vegas, and among everything, it was probably the best. The place is open 24 hours so that alone, earns my respect.Surprisingly, even with the long line, it moves pretty rapidly. For larger groups, better have someone reserve your table. Even then, people demand chairs like they belong to them so you may be treated to some rude displays of human beings being human beings. I got a Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich, which is basically a chicken sub with spicy sauce, red peppers and banana peppers. For the most part, the sub was pretty fresh but occassionally, I would get half a pepper that was stale or slightly crusty. I wasn't sure whether it was just dry or toasted too much. Either way, that's a no-no.Sandwiches run at about $6-8. Earl of Sandwich is a fitting name, it's definitely no King.
4	I've come here on every Vegas trip for one simple reason..BOMB ASS $6 SANDWICHES!! I think I've tried 6-7 of their sandwiches and 2 of their wraps; everything hit the spot. My favorites were the "Original 1762" and "Full Montagu." The horseradish and mustard sauces, respectively, really brought the flavors of the sandwiches together. But let's be honest, you cant go wrong with any of the other sandwiches they have. Thank God that they're open 24 hours; this place makes for some good drunk food. But it doesn't matter the level of inebriation you're in EAT HERE!
5	I was so excited to come to Vegas just for this place. My friends that have been here before raved about it, so this was at the top of my list of places to try in Vegas. I couldn't believe the sandwiches are only $5.99! WOW! I had a bit of difficulty deciding between several sandwiches, but my veteran friends were telling me to try the Full Montagu. So I did. IT WAS AMAZING! The roast beef was really tender, the bread was toasted perfectly (I hate soggy sandwich bread), the ingredients were fresh, and amazing flavor! I finished the whole thing...and such occurrences are few and far between. I wasn't even that hungry! That's how good the sandwich was. I will DEFINITELY come back again to try a different sandwich. Plenty of seating is a plus; our group was rather large and we combined a few tables.I was rather sad that most of the places in Vegas don't have free wifi...but Earl of Sandwich has it's own FREE wifi! COOL! Thank you EOS, I will be back!
5	Maybe it was because I was a bit buzzed when I ate at this place or maybe it was because I got drunk off my ass after eating at this place or maybe it was just the sound of chips shuffling, coins banging and slot machines beeping (?)...all I can say is I don't remember much about this place.BUT, what I do remember was this place has AWESOME sandwiches.  I LOVE sandwiches and this place is one of the best ever, especially for the price you get!  Just go here, even if you just downed your whole life savings at the pleasure pit because those girls totally enticed you to gamble, go here and be happy.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! I got the chicken caesar wrap last time, but everything on their menu is excellent. I stole a bite from my friend's tuna melt and I've been dreaming about it ever since...I might just have to take a trip to Vegas to get my fix.Is it just me or did anyone notice the significance of "Earl of Sandwich?" The word "earl" is associated with "sovereign prince," "ruler of designated territory," "duke," etc (according to Wiki)...Like John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester. HELLO?! Is it just me or is this revelation AWESOME? Earl of Sandwich...the person still remains nameless, but nevertheless, this mysterious person is still the earl...of sandwich.UPDATE:My friend just told me that there actually was an Earl of Sandwhich, Edward Montagu, of Sandwhich, Kent, England and I sorta, kinda, maybe, slightly feel stupid, but whatevers. Earl of Sandwhich still rocks!
5	Mr. Reliable. This place is amazing. Late night snack at it's finest. It's not too big, it's not too small but it's juuuuuuuust right. In my two day stint in the area I had "The Original", "Italian" and the "Caribbean Jerk Chicken" which was my favorite. The bread is perfectly toasted the fillings were just perfectly seasoned, juicy and flavorful. To top it off it's open 24/7. I mean damn if my room was next to it I would be sneaking a snack every couple of hours. Enough can't be said about this place so I'll keep it short since I'm since yelpers all seem to agree already.
5	OMG, you have to try the "Holiday Sandwich." It's got turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo, and gravy. It's a yummy Thanksgiving feast slapped between toasty bread. Beware of the food coma aftereffects. Shame though that the sandwich is not a regular menu item. It's only offered during the holidays (hence the name :P )
4	Every time I come to Vegas, I really look forward to these sandwiches. They're simple, they're affordable, they're open late and they're delicious!I was first introduced to these sandwiches when my family and I were exploring Plant Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops and the then "new" PH Westgate condos. We stopped by here after one of the hostess recommended it and I've been a fan ever since.I enjoy the variety they offer, especially on their signature hot sandwich menu. I've had a couple and they are all tasty. These are a couple of my favorites, depending on what food mood I am in.For a tasty well-rounded sandwich, I'd go with The Full Montagu (Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce).For something tangy and sweet, I'd go with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce).For something healthy and light I'd go with the Caprese (Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomato, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette).One of my favorites remains the Italian because of my love for salami. (Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato (Peppers Optional).A great place to eat, no matter what time of the day.I'd also recommend their ice cream brownie sandwich because the brownie "halves" are rich and filling.
5	Cheap for vegas, soup and sandwich filled me up =)the earl grey lemonade... not as sweet as i want it to be but still pretty good for a tea
3	Since I haven't tried all the sandwiches here, this review is just for their hawaiian chicken sandwich. The sauce was way too sweet when combined with the pineapple. The sandwich felt one note. But for $6, its not too shabby.
5	excellent for sandwiches, quick service.  Jerk chicken was really good.
4	Damn, I was so not ready for this.My taste buds we're definitely fried, the last thing that I wanted was a sandwich.  I didn't want to chew anything, I'd much rather prefer soup if I was to eat anything at all.  My friend insisted on walking (another activity I was dreading) to PH to get Earl of Sandwich though.  FML.I'd passed this place many times before, not really caring for a sandwich in Vegas.  I can always remember it being busy though.  Now I know why.  Even with my busted taste buds, I could still taste that this sandwich was definite hangover goodness.  The tortilla soup, while a little too thick for me, still had flavor and went down easy on the throat.All of this for only about $13 bucks with a drink.  I'm going to have to come back at the beginning of a Vegas trip next time.
3	I loved it the first time and intended to give this place 5 stars since it was good and I ate it two days in a row. This time I feel like there was a lack in quality for the sandwich. I ordered 4 Earl's club sandwiches, and none of them had lettuce -NADA! It also had too much bacon, so the sandwich was wayyy too salty. Eh I am officially sick of this place. I will not crave for it next time.
5	I think I eat here at least 3 times during every Vegas trip. It's especially helpful that they are open 24 hours which is perfect for drunk munchies at 3..4...5 AM. Love the toasted soft bread and how the sandwiches are consistent. I personally like the classic Earl's Club but I haven't tried a bite of one yet that wasn't good.Beware that some pools don't let you bring your leftover food inside! So instead of sacrificing half of your sandwich to the trash you better eat the whole thing asap.
4	Casino food locations can be hit and miss and this Earl of Sandwich location is always a hit with me.Located in Planet Hollywood, this was a convenient dinner choice after a long day working (Yes, you read that right) and not wanting to venture far for food.  I had just checked into the hotel and taken my bags upstairs and wanted to go somewhere easy and super casual.  This is a walk up and order kind of deal and it's sandwiches, easy 'nuf.They say, "You are what you eat" and I have been told I'm All American on more than one occasion.  This sandwich is served hot with turkey, buttermilk dressing, cranberries, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato.  I'm not a huge fan of hot sandwiches (read: Quizno's) but everything coming off the conveyor belt smelled really good, so I took a chance.I'm glad I did.  This has become one of my favorite sandwiches and I ate here the following night as well.  The service was quick and the location was clean and seated many people.  This will be a dedicated dining spot anytime I stay at Planet Hollywood or happen to be close by and hungry.
5	My friends and I just finished shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. After a few hours of shopping, we were all starving, and needed to find a restaurant that was quick and easy. Because it was New Year's Eve, we knew that every restaurant and buffet would be packed.  So we decided to give Earl of Sandwich a chance.Gotta tell you...ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE MADE IN MY LIFE. I ordered the Hawaiian Sandwich, which consisted of ham, chicken, pineapple, and barbecue sauce. It was satisfying!! Even though Earl of Sandwich falls into the category of a quick place to eat, it did not have the fast-food quality food. I was so happy with my dinner that I convinced my friends to come back a few hours later (around 2AM). The sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are great for after drinking....believe me.I LOVE EARL!!Personal favorite:Hawaiian Sandwich
4	Great value for a hot toasted sandwich!  Great for lunch, even better after a night of partying - it's open 24 hours!Really enjoyed the original - tender, pink roast beef with cheddar and creamy mild horseradish.  Walk-up and order - for $5.99 you won't be disappointed.  I love how all the sandwiches are priced the same.
5	You definitely have to bookmark this place if you plan on coming to Vegas.  Everything is way further away than it seems when walking, which makes you tired, cranky, and hungry.  The last thing you want to be doing in that state is figure out where to eat; because inevitably, you'll end up paying $20 bucks for a crappy sandwich.  So save yourself the disappointment of overspending on awful food; keep this place in the back of your mind.  At ~$6 for delicious sandwich, you won't be let down.The Italian has all the deliciousness you would expect with salami, capicola, cooked ham, Italian dressing, and cheese.  The big surprise for me was the All American: Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries,cheddar, lettuce, and tomatoes.  I thought to myself, "Cranberries?  Really?"  Oh yes, really. They push the sandwich over the edge of mediocrity and into the realm of hunger satisfying deliciousness.  Open 24/7, you'll never have an excuse again to pay for crappy food in Vegas.
5	I stayed at Planet Hollywood two weeks ago and discovered this beautiful 24 hour "Bodega" (24 hour deli shop in NYC).  I had about a couple sandwiches, just as my friend Melissa previously commented did as well.  I came here after partying and it definitely hit the "spot.!" The best thing- prices were about the same as Subway, but way better!!!!
5	Best sandwich ever! All American is delish!
3	I don't know what happened. Maybe I caught them on a bad day. Maybe I just have higher standards.As soon as I got there, I felt that I was rushed to order. This was my first time there and didn't get much chance to look at the menu before my order was taken so fast that I didn't have a chance to add anything else on. When I got to the cashier I was able to add on the other items I wanted but with a lot of attitude from the girl at the register.The food came pretty quickly, which was nice, and the sandwich was really good. The tomato soup, however, was really the worst I've had anywhere with very stale tasting croutons.Not too bad of a place to eat, but the staff definitely need to work on their attitude and customer service. (That being said, I seem to run into a lot of this in Vegas. Maybe it's just the customary atmosphere...)If you get a chance, I would highly recommend Panera Bread instead.
5	I love this place so much, I came here twice in 2 days. And brought 8 sandwiches home with me for friends.BLT - So good! So much bacon. :)Ham & Swiss - Yummy, too. But I didn't like the mustard with it.Original - BOMB.orgHam, Egg & Cheese Breakfast sandwich - I wish I had one for breakfast again this morning. :(Tomato soup - It was good, but I've had better.For $6 a sandwich, you can't go wrong. Someone needs to open a branch here in the OC.
4	Delicious!! Its awesome that you can order food from a deli in a Vegas hotel and the sandwiches start from $5.99... Their sandwiches are yummmy too!! If you're staying at the hotel, you don't need to go anywhere else, pick up a sandwich and bring it up to your room to enjoy...This place is open 24 hours and will not disappoint you.. Other delis or restaurants around here will charge you over $10, where this place you'll pay under $8 for a good sandwich... My group ordered the club, Hawaiian, roast beef, and the mozzarella sandwiches and we were VERY pleased with all our options.. They did not disappoint us at all.. This is definitely a great place to grab a quick bite so all those carbs will absorb the alcohol you're going to be drinking for the night...
5	LOVED the All American. Best sandwich I had in Vegas. best part is that is open all day all night, you can have it whenever you feel like it.  yeaaaaaaaaaay.
5	#1 sandwich palce !!! if you like hot sandwiches, very affordable and filling, the bread its toastedlightly, and just crunchy enough on the outside & soft on the inside. They have a set menu for thedifferent ingredients in your sandwich, & I would recommend the full montagu, comes with roast beef,turkey & vegetables in a nice cream mustard sauce !!Oh & if you happen to be here around thanksgiving & xmas, get the holiday sandwich, its like havingturkey left overs with all the goodness inside !
4	Great sandwich, excellent value. $5.99 for a really good sandwich on the strip? Yes, it's true! The sandwiches were smaller than I expected them to be, but were also much more flavorful than expected. We just had sandwiches. No sides, no chips, nothing else, and we were perfectly satisfied, but certainly not stuffed. Perfect!I had "The Italian" and my wife had the "Caprese" and both were very tasty. I would certainly eat here again.
5	FUDGIN' DELICIOUS. MO'FUDGIN' DELICIOUSNESS. In a drunken stupor, I managed to venture over to Planet Hollywood from Luxor. How I got there, I'll never know, but goddamn was it worth it.
4	Was STARVING after a night of partying in the highest heels I owned, and we all wanted some immediate, rumbly-in-my-tumbly gratification. I've never been to Earl of Sandwhich but B and his friends always make a point to stop by on a Vegas trip, so it must be pretty good. +1 already when i saw their list of hot sandwiches - i love hot sammiches. Earl of Sandwhich is just a short hop and a skip away from the casino, and the line was pretttty long. But the sandwiches were good enough and/or we were lazy enough that we ended up getting in line anyway. Ravenous B (as usual) ordered the Cannonball! and the Earl's Club. Cannonball! was only okay, nothing notable, but The Earl's Club was a very classic sandwich - can't go wrong there. I got the Italian, which was BOMB. Even though the sandwiches are on the small side, I didn't end up eating all of it since we also got the Chicken Tortilla Soup, which was delicious and scaldingly hot ("And Andrea, I mean SCALDING hot.") Another +1 since we both hate lukewarm soup. Saved the last half of my sandwich to eat later that night, and it was STILL delicious.at ~$6 per sandwich, it's a little expensive for the size. But considering I paid that much for a glass of grapefruit juice later that day, this is probably the best deal you're going to get. Aside from Steak-and-Eggs.
5	SANDWICHES ARE MY FAVORITE FOOD AND EARLS MAKES THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER.  No seriously.  They must put some addictive ingredient into their bread because I've never had a better sandwich.  They also serve very delicious tomato soup.
5	Amazing and Cheap.  I went here all the time for a big toasted sandwich for about $5. Doesn't get much better then that.
4	We stayed at planet hollywood, and Earl is right downstairs from our room,  If your looking for something gourmet, this isn't it. Very simple and tasty hot panini, not alot of stuff in them mostly meat and a small amount of cheese. We particularly enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches, The only reason for the minus 1 star was the service was not friendly-but I didn't expect anything more so ....
5	THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER!!!! I am definitely going to be making a stop here everytime I go to Vegas! I love it!
4	Really good sandwiches, and I'm not a big sandwich guy.  The line moves really fast.The only downside is that the service here BLOWS.  I have never seen a more rude and disinterested group of people.  Definitely a downside.
5	During my 5 night stay in Vegas (WAY TOO DAMN LONG!), I ate here pretty much every single day (sometimes late night too). If it wasn't good, then that would not have been the case! Although the line may seem really long at times, it moves relatively fast. You order first and then you continue waiting in line to pay. One time, my food was ready (beeper was buzzing) AS I was paying. NOICE! I'm not a big sandwich person usually, but Earl's is SO GOOD. I felt like I almost tried their whole menu. Pretty much nothing can go wrong with whatever you order, but my favorites (as well as my friends) were the Tuna Melt and the Hawaiian one. May I re-emphasize: SO GOOODDDDD! But by the last day, I got really sick of eating sandwiches, so I ordered their vegetable soup too. That was okay.
3	Maybe because our expectation was too high, or maybe we ordered the wrong thing, but we felt the sandwich was just OK...  I will try it one more time next time in Vegas, and change my review if needed.
5	TUNA MELT. YUM. Definitely the place to go if you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat. It does get crowded at times but the line moves fairly quickly. Seating is somewhat limited, however, people usually just eat and leave. Would definitely come back!
5	I think the past reviews say it all - this place is delicious! No one should leave Vegas without eating a tasty sandwich from this gem in the city of lights. I've been here twice now - the first time I came around 12:30pm and the line was eternally lengthy. The second time I came here was last week, around 10:45am - very short line and the food still tasted great.I highly recommend ordering the Full Montagu hot sandwich. The roast beef is so tender and the mustardy sauce they lace their sandwich with adds a delicious kick. I also highly recommend buying a bag of their BBQ chips, which was satisfyingly crunchy and savory.Love, love, love Earl of Sandwich.
5	i hella liked these sandwiches. i had one while i was sober, and it was bomb. toasted bread. melty cheese. good sauce (what is that sauce?!). i'm just a huge fan of hot sandwiches, so i was definitely satisfied. i then came here drunk. i ordered a sandwich, went back up to our room, and PTFO without even eating my sandwich. w. t. f. how could i!? anyway, i woke up and ate it immediately in the morning. still delicious. thank you, earl.
4	This is really a 4.5 star rating.Where to begin... These sandwiches are crazy good.  I tried three different sandwiches that I shared between my wife and another friend.  They were all awesome.  My wife (who isn't even a big fan of sandwiches) took one bite that quickly followed with her eyes opening up wide and just saying "wow."  She then followed by asking "how the hell did they do that?"  There's a reason why there's always a line and bit of a wait, but for the shear volume of customers they have they do a good job of not making you wait too long to enjoy one of their great creations.
4	My favorite place to grab a sandwich in Las Vegas.  After a night of partying, if a mighty good sammy is what you're looking for, then I suggest you stop by PH.  You will not be disappointed on your meal.  Sometimes I can barely finish both halves of my sammy - I end up saving the other half for later.
5	This being the 720th review for Earl of Sandwich, Im wondering if there's really any need to go into any kind of detail. Yelpers, for the most part, are an astute bunch and should be able to figure out that this is probably the safest bet on the Strip. Trix had The Original and it was awesome. I had a Cannonballs!, also awesome. Reasonably priced and very fast. Fucking A, man.
5	I walked from Treasure Island to Planet Hollywood JUST FOR EARLS. no joke. then we walked back to our hotel. hahahhah. Even though the line was a bit long, I guess it was enough time to look over the menu because there was so much deliciousness to choose from. I ended up getting the special which was basically thanksgiving in a sandwich. YUM- one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. This place is super cheap and it's open 24/7. =) WIN
5	If i lived in Vegas, I would be going to this place EVERYDAY! Best part is they're open 24 HOURS!!!QUICK TIP: try the Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the TUNA MELT!!!! sooo wonderful and flavorful... no need to describe them anymore.. just go taste them for yourself!
5	We needed something quick before a big dinner later on, so we stopped here. I had the hot caprese sandwich, and it was delicious. They put the dressing on the bread, so you get that great vinegar taste to couple up with the big chunks of mozz and tomatoes. I also had the earl grey lemonade, which I recommend trying. Wasn't overly sweet like most tea.
5	Based on Yelper's recommendation...1. Tuna Melt...I don't even like tuna, but this was amazing! 2. Hawaiian BBQ...the pineapple really brought out the taste.3. Cannonballs...you might not like balls, but this can change your mind.Reasonably priced, quick service, and mouth watering sandwiches!  I wish there was a location in OC!
5	Dear Earl of Sandwich,PLEASE, PLEASE make one in LA county. :]anyways if you havent tried this place your missing out. SO DELICIOUS! everytime i go i eat one when i get there & i grab 5 more for the trip back. So that when i go home i have one for my boyfriend, one for my brother, and 3 for meeee! haha. just kidding. But yes, its delicious. & its pretty cheap i think its like 5 bucks for a sandwich. SO worth it!
5	came here after--surprise surprise--a night of liquidation, and couldn't have found a better place for food.  got the original sandwich and holy hell--the roast beef practically melted in my mouth.ohhhh yeah, i'll definitely be back.
4	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, and since it's open 24 hours I can go any time I want! Their sandwiches  are delicious, the service is quick, and the food is very reasonably priced, too (only $5.99 for a sandwich). It's also conveniently located inside Planet Hollywood hotel just a minute's walk from Fat Tuesday, so you can kill two birds with one stone while you're here. My personal favorites are the Full Montagu and the Earl's Club. We ended up ordering extra sandwiches for our way back home on our trip there this past weekend, so lucky for me I have an Earl's Club waiting for me at home for lunch!
5	The hot sandwiches here never lets me down (anything wrapped in gold better be good).  We walked half of the Vegas strip to get to this infamous sandwich spot... of course took a few detours on the way but we did take this journey on foot from Venetian.  I stop here almost every visit to Vegas because for $5.99 a sandwich, it's the biggest bang for your buck.  I would recommend splitting sandwiches with a friend so you can get to try different flavors... but also some of the sandwiches just gets a little repetitive after about half.  The line here is fairly long but consistently moves so it doesn't feel too bad.  It's totally worth the wait if you're thinking about leaving and going somewhere else.  I need to franchise one in Orange County so i can serve my own little sandwich wrapped in gold!
4	I really enjoyed this place!  I'm not sure if they have different locations.  I went to the one in Planet Hollywood.  It was so good!  I tried The Original (roast beef, cheese, horseradish dressing) and The Full Montagu (roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard).  Both were awesome.  The sandwiches are toasted to perfection =)  I also liked the potato salad and the tomato soup (with croutons).  Everything was delicious!  I'll definitely try them again.
5	BEST SANDWICH EVER. I compare every sandwich I eat to this sandwich. (the only peer is Roli Roti) This place is open 24hours, its cheap, fast, hot, and delicious! I recommend the Full Montagu. I wish there was one in California so I could nomnomnom on this all the time. Sadly, the closest one is in Vegas so I'll have to wait till to go there to pursue my quest of trying everything on their menu!
3	Quality of food: greatService: not so muchMy friend's sandwich was missing BOTH type of cheeses that were suppose to come with it. And yes, I know it was 4am in the morning when I arrived. You probably dealt with a buttload of drunken rude biatchz right before me such as that ***** who was annoying the heck out of me thinking she was cute slurring her 10 words sentence into one word, but it gives you no right, NO RIGHT at all to take it out on us! Will I come back? I sure will! Pretty good for a 24 hour joint, but it's not on my must visit any more. Good bye, dear friend! See you when I'm starved and there's nowhere else I rather go.
4	This place is outstanding...i had The Original 1762 but easy on the horse radish sauce....The quality of the sandwich was top notch.  I gotta try their other sandwiches!
5	Wow. Heavenly. We ate here 4 times over the course of our 3-day stay, and it was great. The best sandwiches were the Full Montagu (better than the Original) and All-American, and the Cobb Salad never disappointed. The bacon-based breakfast sandwiches were kinda salty, so avoid those, but pretty much anything is great because it comes with their delicious baked-in-the-grill bread and has a great balance of flavors. I highly recommend that you go out of your way if you're in Vegas just to try this place at least once (by the way, it's located on the south end at the junction of the casino area and the mall area).
4	for a chain sandwich shop, i was very pleasantly surprised at how fresh and delish it was!  i hadn't had an Earl sandwich since the 80's, when they had a spot in Sacramento, so i couldn't remember what to expect.  i'm in love with the *All American* minus the ranch.  there's so many more i want to try i guess i'll just have to visit vegas again, oh darn.  thank you to that huge group from the AVN awards/convention for making our lunch memorable.  get your minds outta the gutter.  the conversation was all over the place and full of laughs!
5	Ummmmmm $5.99 for a warm sandwich and they are open 24 HOURS!!! I ate here 3 times while visiting vegas and took 2 home to eat later, so yea they're good. I cant remember the names but we all had different sandwiches and eveyone was happy with them so you cant lose.
5	I have been wanting to try this place forever!!!! Im sooo glad I did. We stayed at the planet hollywood towers and you can bet that this was our go to late night spots. Im sooo glad they were open soo late because without them we'd be stuck at some local gross diner. I ordered the tuna melt which literally melted in your mouth sooo amazing. The other night I had a full montague which was also amazing. The line can get kind of long but its not a long wait at all. Im soo bummed theres not earl of sandwich here in the bay but don't worry i'll be back soon.
3	Will make this short and sweet: overrated. Every sandwich tastes like a higher-end item at Jack in the Box or something. Luckily, price range is right around there as well so you don't really expect TOO much.
4	FAV: Earl's Club so i wasn't really a fan of this place the first time around, but back in december i decided to give it another tr...and boy did it change my mind!!! the bread just crumbles when you take a bite and the flavors and everything just mesh so well!!! Definitely a must try whether its a 9 am or 2 am...!!! although im not sure if i would try the bbq chicken again
5	You know why you're here. Yes you, at 4:00 am lining up and squinting at the menu to satisfy your drunken palate. Well if my experience of the same caliber has taught me anything, it's that ANY sandwich you order here is going to be delicious. Anytime of day/night and even the next day/night as leftovers. I highly recommend the tuna melt which is absolutely yummy. The prices are reasonable too for a pretty big sandwich and what's more is that these are made fresh and so you'll always get a warm sandwich.You might have to wait a bit depending on when you come and how many other people are also hungrily stumbling out of the clubs or casinos but it's such a much better option than trying to go to an expensive (and usually crappy) 24 hour restaurant on the strip.
4	Read the reviews and decided to give it a go.  Definitely was not disappointed.  It was lunchtime on a Saturday and the place had a decent line going.  The menu is fairly extensive so you'll likely find something you'll like.  I had the original roast beef which was freakin' awesome.  It was warm, gooey from the melted cheese and just really flavorful.  Put a little dijon mustard on there and you have a piece of sandwich heaven in your hands.My fiancee had the tuna melt and from the bite that I had... or rather, the only bite she allowed me... it was very good as well.  Prices aren't all that bad for a damn good sandwich.  Will I return?  Probably.  It's a nice alternative to countless buffets and foo-fooey restaurants in Sin City.
2	Overpriced, small portions.  The sandwich (a club) tasted fine, but it's about 6 inches long and was like 7 bucks.  Believe it or not, Subway is a better deal for both quantity and the fact that you can customize your sub, unlike at Earl.This place is for casino drunks that want to eat late night and don't care about wasting money, but simply want something to eat.  My wife and I tried it out in the late afternoon and regretted it.  We actually like Quizno's better too!
4	Original sandwich, toasted bread, horseradish, deliciousness. Need I say more?This place was fast, efficient, and who doesn't love a hot sandwich? Will def be back for more when in Vegas.
4	heard so much about this place, finally got to try it since i was staying at PH this weekend. So let's see... i think i lost all of my taste buds from the night before but somehow i managed to eat the WHOLE sandwich! i tried the jerk chicken sandwich which was soooo full of flavor, had lots of pepperoncini which i LOVE. i tried my friends tuna melt which was really buttery tasting or had way too much cheese in it. overall, i really enjoyed the sandwich even though i had no appetite or tastebuds but somehow i managed to taste it and eat the whole thing... btw the bread was warm, toasty and delicious
2	so-so sandwiches. in between a subway and a quizno's. heard friend's raved about it so i waited in line for 20 minutes for a montagu sandwich and was very disappointed. :( but the caprese was supposed delicious as with all of the other sandwiches!
5	You know how when you go get drunk food at 2am, you settle for mediocrity?WELL THIS PLACE will blow your mind. Quality food. Quality Sandwiches. Quality at lunch. Quality at dinner. Quality at 5am.I've tried around 4-5 different sandwiches here and they've all been WIN. The bread is always perfect and the roast beef, ham, or whatever you get never disappoints.Perfect for people partying at Cosmo and need a bite afterwards or if you're just exploring in the center strip during daytime and need a lunch break.
4	On my last trip to Vegas, one afternoon I woke up to discover that three different groups of people I went there to meet had independently decided to go to Earl of Sandwich.  Although I had never heard of this place before, it was clear that I had to try it, and I am definitely glad that I did.The first thing that stands out about Earl of Sandwich is the price.  When you are used to paying $8-10 for a sandwich in DC, $6 for a sandwich is fantastic.  And when that $6 sandwich tastes better than any that you're used to, it's mind-blowing to say the least.I tried The Original 1762, a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  I also had a taste of The Full Montagu, which has roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard.  First off, the bread is outstanding.  It's toasted and has a great crunch to it, without being overly thick.  The meats are also great and the sandwiches have a good amount on them.  Although the sandwiches are a bit on the small side, they are ok for a smaller meal, especially when paired with chips or soup (which I did not personally try, but have heard good things about).Overall it's a great place to go and I highly recommend it.  That sandwich was one of the best I've ever had and I wish I had had time to try more of their menu.  Whether it's a late night snack or lunch, Earl of Sandwich is definitely worth checking out.
4	I stayed at this hotel for a friend's bachelorette party.  I was told that this place was amazing and it was really good.  So i had to go try it for myself.  At first, I was a little discourage because I was REALLY hungry but, the line was REALLY long.  But, they moved fast and it was worth it.  The sandwich was pretty amazing.
5	hella delicious sandwiches. I went for the original 1762 and it was like bliss touching the lips. Roast beef, cheddar chese, horseradish sauce. Super reasonable prices for anywhere and even better pricing since it is in Vegas. A sandwich is around 7 dollars. I don't know what it is with the bread, but it isn't a standard roll. It's sorta ciabatta-ish but not as tough. It held up to the sauces and meats inside nicely. Great bread.They have grey poupon and yellow mustard at the tables. I found myself using the grey poupon as sort of taqueria hot sauce and adding it on top as I bite into the succulent sandwich.It was so tasty, that we had it for lunch, partied, left at like 3-4am and went back for another one. I had the club this time and it was equally as good. Open 24 hours!
4	Apparently, Earl of Sandwich is a franchise.  But why isn't there one in California?  Can someone please open one up in LA??  PLEASE?!?  *sigh*  :(Yeah, there's not much more one can say about Earls that hasn't already been said.  It's become a Vegas staple for me and my friends.  Their sandwiches blow every other sandwich chain out of the water.  Yes, I'm talking to you Subway and Quiznos.  They use high quality, fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.  And at $5.99 a sandwich, it's a steal!I used to think the Full Monagu was the best, but I've come to realize that THE ORIGINAL is the way to go.  Freshly roasted beef, cheddar and creamy horseradish sauce on their signature hot, toasty artisan bread.  *drool*  Don't worry, the horse radish isn't overpowering at all.  I also like the tuna melt, but wasn't really a fan of the Caribbean jerk chicken.  I'm going to try Cannonballs! next time.Wait can be as long as 20-30 minutes during lunch time, but it's totally worth it once you find a sandwich you love.  Now open 24 hours.
4	Full Montagu - tastes like Potbelly's. Except the bread is thinner and softer and doesn't get as soggy.And sure subway is offered at a comparable price, but not on the strip. Last time I had subway, they charged me like $10-12 for a footlong. This place is a steal for the quality!
5	Oh man. That was awesome. It could easily be the best sandwich I had ever eaten. I was so hungry and tired of looking at expensive menus around the strip and this was like a beacon of delicious delicious hope. Mmm
5	Oh Mr. Earl of Sandwiches! I heart your gold bars of delicious-ness. (Yes the sandwiches are wrapped in gold foil, and they're so rectangular!)My bf and I shared the Hawaii BBQ and the popular Full Montagu. Plus the Tomato soup. (Unfortunately the soup was lukewarm but the sandwiches made up for it)We liked the Hawaii BBQ better as it was more flavorful. We had to add Grey Poupon to the Full Montagu, and that made it 10x better.The bread is toasted with magic. Omgoodness.I want to stay in Planet  Hollywood next time just so I can have easy access to Mr. Earl *grabby hands*
5	So delicious. I only got the Original, but it was pretty near perfect. The blend of roast beef, crispy bread, and creamy horseradish sauce is sublime. Every bite melts in your mouth.The ice cream sandwich - what a perfect way to end your meal. Kind of like a brownie a la mode in sandwich form.The portions here don't look like much, but seriously, we all were huffin' and puffin' as we walked away. Deceptively filling for a good price.4.5 stars only because I wanted more horseradish sauce, but that's only a little gripe. Open 24 hours and you're by Planet Hollywood? Come here for a bite, you won't regret it.
4	I was hesitant at first to eat here thinking it was a run in the mill sandwich joint. It IS a sandwich joint and a GOOD one at that! The Hawaiian BBQ is delicious.. large variety to choose from & plenty of side choices from macaroni to chips. Nice selection at the soda fountain.. do the Dew'
4	***** Believe the Hype - Legit *****I was standing in a long line when my friend placed her order and asked for guac and special cheese's on her sandwich.  The cashier replied no to both items which shocked me.  How can you not serve guac?After plowing through the sandwiches I learned why.  An "Earl of Sandwich" is a science.  It has the perfect meat to bread ratio and everything just fits together.  It's best to just eat the sandwich as Master Ear intended it to be.  The bread is to die for.   It was so good we went 2 nights in a row and best of all it's late night.  I love how the sandwhich is packaged with the seal of approval sticker.  I thought the Hawaiian BBQ was  a little on the sweet side.  Enjoyed the Caribbean Jerk, Best BLT, Cannonballs, and All American.  Will try the Tuna Melt next time.Yes I ate 5 sandwiches in 2 sittings - Don't hate.
5	The wait may be a little long at times, but it's expected and worth it to have a deliciously toasted little sandwich.  It's probably my second very sandwich shop around.I like to get the light stuff, like the caprese sandwich, which I absolutely love! Filling yet refreshing.  Can't forget to pair it with the tomato soup!  It's creamy, and tomatoey, but not too overwhelming.  Some may say there is too much bread when they first look at it, but once you sink your first bite into it, there is a perfect ratio of meat to bread, and the bread is perfectly toasted, not too hard, not too soft.Pricing is reasonable.Advice, eat it the way it was meant to be eaten.. unless of course you're allergic or will die at the taste of mustard.
5	There used to be an Earl close to where I lived in Michigan.. but one day when I went for my favorite tuna melt in the world, it was gone, just like that.And since that day some 2 years ago, I have been pretty down. But then, while tipsily walking through Planet Hollywood, I saw it. I saw the shrine of all things holy.... EARL OF SANDWICH!The friends I was with walked in unassumingly, not that interested, and refusing to believe my ranting. But then again, my mouth may have been watering so much that I may not have been speaking properly.Once we all go out sandwiches though-- they became believers. The Earl makes a damn good sandwich. This place goes way beyond all other chain sandwich shops in the country, I can't wait for the day that The Earl conquers all. It is rightfully deserved.Trust me, if you want a sandwich. Go here. Hands down, no questions about it.
5	One of the best deals on the strip! Great place to pick up a lunch or a quick inexpensive diner before a show! Great sandwiches, salads and soups! Everything is fresh, fast and priced less then even panera! A staple to vegas enjoyment on a budget!
5	One of the best sandwich places on the strip.Sandwiches are hot and fresh - delicious
4	Earl of Sandwich is receiving four stars not because it is the best sandwich, but because it is the best DRUNK sandwich. The hot, toasty delicious creation presented to you is not drunk itself, but the mouth that it is being shoved in sure as all hell has probably had lots of alcohol enter it.So far I have tried the Original, Full Montagu and the Caribbean Chicken sandwiches. Don't remember much about them technically except that they sure were yummy for my ever so alcohol soaked tummy. Eat here and then put it all on black.
4	I'm pretty sure this place is open 24 hours? We came at 2am and the place was about half full. Honestly, take all the reviews with a grain of salt... When I wanted to go to Ike's in SF, my friend told me not to because "how can a sandwich be THAT good?!" "Maybe because I LOVE sandwiches???" I thought, but in hindsight, really... how CAN a sandwich be that good??? Didn't like how there was no choice for bread, and you have to get white, but it was still nice and toasted =) The Hawaiian BBQ chicken would be my recommendation but from what I've heard, you can't go wrong ;)
5	The best sandwiches I have ever had!!
5	I always have to eat here when I am in Vegas. It's a must! The sandwiches are warm and the bread is toasted to perfection. I really wish they would open a location here. I normally get the Full Montague. Yumm, my mouth is watering thinking of this sandwich. I have tried other ones as well, the bread is all the same, but the Full Montague, which is filled with roast beef, turkey, and vegetables is the way to go! Another mentionable product is their tomato soup. I have no idea why, but I really like it from here. It's thick and puree-ish but not? I don't know but if you're up to it, definitely order the sandwich plus this soup.The line is always long, but the wait for the food to be prepared is pretty short. I kinda wish it wasn't located at Planet Hollywood, since their shops are not appeasing and their casino is ugly. I just hate that hotel in general. But if you walk further down you can get Fat Tuesdays with your sandwich!
4	Earl of Sandwich was my first spot when we arrived at Vegas.I was totally looking forward to checking this place out. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken as recommended on yelp and my friend got the tuna melt. She was disappointed it that they don't make fries since she was craving it. But that was another story.Anyway... she was so hungry that she finish her tuna melt in a heart beat and love it.I, on the other hand thought the Caribbean Jerk Chicken was just A-OK. In my opinion, the sandwich was bit greasy and it lack flavor. What I do like is their bread. It has a very crispy texture yet not crumbly.I would have gave it a 3 stars, but the service was fast and they are open 24 hours, thus the 4 stars. Still worth to check it out!
5	This place is soooo close to trumping Ike's Sandwiches in SF. Soooo good. I was sitting in class today back home daydreaming about how amazing my sandwich was. It is a MUST to go here.I got the Italian with --- Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato. My first thought was that it was kind of a small and flat portion. I was WRONG. I think I went through half of my sandwich and was stuffed! My brain was satiated by it's wonderfulness too quick that it tricked my stomach into being full. (No joke. That physically happens with a satisfying meal!): My boyfriend got the Full Montegue that was amazing too. It had Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. The bread is toasted to perfection. Everything about this place is mouth-watering. Why pay to eat buffets and overpriced mediocre restaurants? For $6.99 a pop, this place is soooooooo worth it.
5	Earl! Your golden wrapper makes me feel like I've won the golden ticket to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!No but seriously, I think of Earl's all day err day in Sin City. I eat Earls so I can have something to soak up my booze before going outI eat Earls after I go dancing so the calories burned can accommodate for the excess calorie consumption at 4AM in the morningI eat Earls even if the lines are ridiculously long  I eat Earls to stare at the bunch of starved zombies that populate here at the crack of dawnBut I really just eat Earls cause it's so damn delicious. I've tried the-The Earl's Club: you were just "okay" in my book.-Caribbean Jerk Chicken: too jerky.-Hawaiian BBQ: mmmhh! Tastes like Hawaiian pizza with a BBQ kick!-Italian: mama mia! Delizioso! The perfect combo and the italian sauce gave it a little extra somthing. Just a note: if you know you have an addiction to Earl, I would highly advise staying at a hotel FAR away from Planet Hollywood or else you'll soon find yourself blowing money not at the casinos...but at Earls. Yep.
5	I've been eating subway meatball subs for as long as I can remember. I thought it was good, until I had the Earl of Sandwich Cannonball. Now my dream of owning a Subway toaster oven with sides of meatballs, roasted garlic bread and provolone has been completely shattered. Heck, all my dreams are now secondary to one:I just want to live nearer to the Earl and his meaty balls of goodness.
4	great sandwich, but not the absolute best i've had. plus they're skimpy on the amount of meat they give you in the italian one. living in SF, it's easy to find a better sandwich. even Safeway makes up a mean Primo Italiano sandwich. if i went back to Vegas, i wouldn't think to come back unless i had a craving for sandwiches for some strange reason.
5	A sandwich place. It's 24 hours.Located in the Miracle Mile next to PBR bar and grill.Delicious sandwiches. Delicious soups. They have Newcastle. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=YthQGafrgMApLF_XMj_ZkwI had the cannonBALL sandwich. It was tasty! Did I mention it was 24 hours?? 5 stars.
5	FINALLY got to try it for my first time yesterday since I had a staycation at the Planet Hollywood.  Results: IN LOVE!I sat down, opened my hot sandwich, and as soon as I took a bite out of my Earl Club sandwich, I was in love.  The bread was freshly baked to order and it was so good.  The sandwich sauce they use; delish!  My boyfriend had the meatball sub and he was just as in love as I was with this place.  We are going to eat here again today before we leave the PH.  This shop will definitely make us keep coming back for more.  It's the perfect size too!  I think that the freshly baked bread they use is what definitely makes this sandwich stick out.  I love bread though, so I might be a little bias.  I can't wait to try more of their sandwiches!  I also had the macaroni salad, pasta salad, and their chocolate chip cookies.  They taste like they should; nothing to rave about.   But the sandwiches...YUM!  I think I can eat one everyday!  I'm very glad I got to finally try Earl of Sandwich.Go now!  You will NOT be disappointed!  Not even by the price!
3	Nothing better than a great sandwich to help nurse a hangover! Much higher quality than the normal Subway or Quiznos at a great price for the strip. The bread and mustard totally make the sandwiches and the salads are appropriately dressed (unlike many of the patrons). This is a great stop either for lunch or late night snack.
4	Finally after my girlfriend talking this place up for the last several months I had the privilege of trying the legend that is Earl of Sandwich or more commonly known as "Earl's." I honestly did not want to get my hopes up about this place because like I've mentioned before when it comes to food I'm too pretentious and stubborn to believe an opinion about food other than my own :pI was so impressed by this place not just by the taste but the price, quantity, quality of food and the BREAD...yes the BREAD. They make their own artisan bread and it's one of the best sandwich breads I've ever tasted. Crispy outside, soft on the inside however biting through it, the textures come together and it's yeast n flour filled divinity.I bought the BEST BLT for myself but my friends and I shared with each other so I sampled 4 different sandwiches including mine: Hawaiian BBQ, Cannonballs!, The Full Montagu and mine the BEST BLT.Hawaiian BBQ: sweet and savory just like anything "Hawaiian" but with BBQ sauce and pineapple and a generous serving of ham.Cannonballs!: a meatball sandwich that won't fall apart on you. Solidly constructed with Parmesan and chewy melted Mozzarella makes an excellent sandwichThe Full Montagu: the reason this is a 4 star instead of a 5 star review, wasn't that impressed just tasted like a regular roast beef sandwich but still goodBEST BLT: Lives up to its name! Most BLT's is a couple of strips of bacon that you pull out with one bite and all your bacon is gone. This BLT sandwich is filled with bacon bits throughout and is a must for anyone who enjoys this classic sandwich.Earl's definitely lived up to the hype and is a must-go on my Vegas trips from now until eternity and maybe a little bit after that too :p.
3	Maybe I hyped myself about this place too much? Maybe I was feeling too crappy to enjoy my sandwich? Maybe it was the rude ladies working behind the counter that gave me dirty looks? Whatever the reason, I didn't think my full montagu sandwich was as delicious as everyone hyped it about. I'm a tad bit disappointed, but fully ready to go again and give this place another try. Will updated this review again once it happens.
5	This place is so good I ate here twice in a row for lunch out of the 4 days I was in Vegas. They offer a large variety of hot sandwiches, salads, some wraps, and baked goods. The price is very reasonable which is great if you're on a budget. For about $8 I could get a nice sandwich and a drink with free refills! The bread is what really makes it for me, nice and warm and a little bit crispy. My bf got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich both times because he said it was so good. I got the meatball sandwich one time and a turkey sandwich with cranberries, lettuce, tomatoes, and some other things (I can't remember what it's called) which I would highly recommend. Just a side note, their Earl's Grey Lemonade is an Arnold Palmer. I didn't know that the first time, but it was fine with me since I like them anyway!
5	OMG YES. I got the original and it was cheap and melt-in-your-mouth lusciously delicious. Their system is smooth and the place is nice, and the hours are sooooo convenient. 24/7! Even though it's Vegas, finding good food at certain hours, especially for a reasonable price, is harder than I thought, so this was fantastic. I wish we had one here...noticed they were advertising their franchise. Lol. Please someone...open one in SoCal?
5	The best sandwich place Ive ever eaten at, hands down! The sandwiches here are amazingly tasty and the service runs like a well oiled machine. And their prices are completely reasonable compared to a lot of places in Vegas!
4	Good food and cheap for Vegas.  Great place for picking up a sandwich.
4	Great sandwich, but it's no 'Wichcraft. This is a hearty, meaty grilled sandwich. Good, but just not breathtaking. That said, I ate here twice in five days: one dinner, one breakfast. It is one of the best under-15.00 meals in this part of the strip.
4	moderately priced and a deliciousy bevy of hot sandwich selections! They need to bring this to Socal!
4	NOM NOM. I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to have this (sounds kind of lame, but it's 73% true...and I don't know how I got that percentage).Got the The Earl's Club. It was so yummy! It was like the turkey, bacon, and cheese came together and was like "we're going to plan this awesome party in Tiffany's mouth." They succeeded - oh yes, they did.Price: Great, good for someone who is safe with their money.Overall: Great sandwiches, good price, nommy nom nom (can't say this enough).
5	YUm YUm!!! Long lines usually. But man these sandwiches are good. Warm toasty melty cheesy! That's all I gotta say. Worth the wait.
5	Holy Moses Smell the Roses, this place is GREAT!!!! $5.99 for a hot sandwich, wow that is fabulous.  The menu is diverse and the food is GREAT.  We arrived after a long flight and grabbed a sandwich, after drinking for 6 hours I found myself back in line for another one!  For the quality of the sandwich they could charge double.  Line moves fast and the service was friendly.
4	Overall: 4Food: 4Service: 3.5Sandwiches are about 6 inches long and not overly stuff with fillings.Bread was tasty.  Crusty on the outside, soft/warm/moist on the inside. Delicous.Great place to stop for a quick bite.Don't get the line discourage you, it moves fast and the sandwiches come out after a short wait (5-7min).The Earl's Club:- overall sandwich was good, but a little on the salty side (bacon was pretty salty).Chocolate Chip Cookie:- fairly large cookie- good but not amazing
4	When you got the munchies, midnight snack, after clubbing or whatever this is a major must!Opens 24 hours a day which is perfect for Vegas.  Located in Planet Hollywood.Reason why it's only 4 stars? Always crowded. Takes too damn long to get my freaking sandwich that I would have probably passed out from my drunkeness.  About an 1/2 -1 hour wait. Italian: yummy pizza sandwichEarl's club: mmm....classic with a lil kick and zest from the sauceHam and cheese: deliciously cheeseyEverything is on ciabatta bread for the low price of $5.99! In Vegas! Hell yeah for drunk me!
5	This place is the real deal!! I couldn't even keep track of how many times I stopped by this place to get a sandwich! This place made my stay at Planet Hollywood worth it! 24/7 awesome hot sandwiches is the best thing ever...now on to the good stuff...My absolute fave was the ham and cheese. The mustard alone that was on this sandwich was to die for...and I about did by choking on the 2nd bite from trying to jam it in my face! The best BLT pretty much lived up to the name. This thing was tasty. The classic roast beef was pretty great also. The horseraddish sause again...was amazing. This place exceded my expectations and was only like $6 a sandwich. You can't beat that in Vegas! The line was never too busy while I was there, but also it was during the week, I can imagine weekends would be busier. Now if only I had an Earl closer to me I would be set. When I go to move, I am taking Earl's locations into consideration!
4	This is a very popular sandwich place in Vegas in the PH hotel.  There's usually a line but it goes by fairly quick.  I usually get the full montagu and a side of soup.  The sandwiches aren't the biggest in the world but they are high in quality.  If you're in a the mood for a light lunch after a night (or nights) of drinking, and you don't mind waiting in line, this would be a good stop.
5	Dear Earl of Sandwich: You complete me.
4	Open 24/7 means drunk muchies. For about $7- $8 you get an overall pretty decent sandwich.Sizewise I would say it's an 7inch ciabatta bread...  I had the Earl's club, which is turkey and bacon with sauce/tomatoes/lettuce on top.  Not too bad, not too bad at all.  Definitely one of the most moist turkey I've ever had! The bread and everything put together was excellent.  The cashier was very friendly as well as she entertained some of us drunkies while waiting for our sandwiches! :)
5	WTF a place in Las Vegas that's $5 for a sandwich?! Unheard of IMO.Got the Full Montagu -- it was really good as other reviewers have mentioned.Took us awhile to get to Planet Hollywood, but well worth it for the $$
5	"You're in Vegas? You have to try Earl of Sandwich!"says my friend.So while waiting for my friends to wake up, I decided to walk over to PH and try this place. First of all, where are the darn signs? I couldn't find it LOLand no, I wasn't drunk or anything. This was around 11am. I finally got there and there was a line but it was moving really past. I probably spent less than 5 minutes in line. Ordered the Earl Club.I didn't quite like the cheese but I liked everything else.And even though it's not a foot long, it's still very filling and they don't skimp you on the meat.Definitely a Vegas must-try! Or Dear Earl of Sandwich, come to CA already!
4	I came to this place twice during my three day stay in Las Vegas. My friend kept on telling me that this place had good sandwiches, and she was right! I first tried this place around 12:30am - 1am, so it's good if you have a late night craving.The first sandwich that I had was the Caribbean jerk chicken. This was my first experience with jerk chicken, and it was full of flavor. The bread was also nice and toast as well. The second time I went I tried the Earl club. Out of the two sandwiches that I tried I would say that the Earl club was better, because of there were more ingredient to add to the flavor. Both sandwiches however were equally good, and I would order them again.What's really nice about this place is that they take your order really fast, and they make your sandwiches fast as well. There's also the added perks of being open late when you want a late night snack or something. In addition, all the sandwiches are 5.99, which is pretty good considering that things are usually more expensive in Vegas, especially on the strip.
3	First of all, let me just say how long I've waited to try Earl of Sandwich (over a year), how excited I was to try Earl of Sandwich (fuckin excited), and then how pissed I was when I couldn't even take a picture of the thing because it was so pathetic-looking (really fuckin pissed).I think like six of my friends ordered the Full Montagu, so I decided to go with the Original. It usually doesn't get much safer than "the Original," but I was so disappointed. No, I was devastated at how much of a letdown this sandwich was. The bread is good, but it was the best part about the sandwich. The fuckin BREAD. I could tell that Earl was going with a completely different concept with his sandwich than Ike (@ Lime). Whereas Ike mindfucks you with an avalanche of ingredients and flavors, Earl keeps his sandwiches as simple as possible. My Original had bread, meat, and sauce. That's it. I wanted so badly to appreciate the simplistic beauty of it, but I couldn't. It's just too boring.I had a bite of the Full Montagu, I was not impressed. I had a bite of the Italian. I was decently impressed. I've heard good things about the Hawaiian, so I'll come back to try that. If it sucks too, then I am done with you Earl. You've literally broken my heart. Bastard.
5	Awww yeah hot sandwiches yahhh! MM they were so good! Go here when your on a budget and still want some some food. Damn slots took your buffet money. haha Most of their sandwiches if not all their sandwiches are made hot. I got the original roast beef. MMM yum yum yummy! Perfect amount of roast beef and horseradish that's not too overpowering where your eyes water. You know what I mean. They bread is sooo good too, crunchy on the oustide and soft on the inside. Good selection of sandwiches.A good Vegas trip consists of coming here twice. Once is just not enough!
5	Wow... YUM! My boyfriend can't stop talking about this place after we had gone. The only complaint I have is that the sandwiches are kind of small so we still felt hungry afterwards, but didn't want to stand in line. Both sandwiches we had were very delicious, but were gone so quick! I'm really glad they have grey poupon mustard on the tables because it made my sandwich taste yummier! The bread is delicious; so soft and tasty!In Vegas where people are up all day and all night, being open 24 hours is a MAJOR ++++!! and having great reviews?! jeesh... can't get any better. LOVE IT!
5	we came here at 5am once after a night at xs, saw the line, and jammed. came back here the next day before heading back home to cali, cali, and the line was just as long. but we were hungry as hippos, so we didn't care!i got the original, with roast beef and horseradish, and their broccoli cheese. their broccoli and cheese was BOMB! A (didn't quite get the + though... still good!) their Original was yumskies too! the roast beef was moist, opposed to the usual dry fast food-y roast beef.several of my friends ordered the Earl's Club, and everyone got their smoked bacon in the sandwich....besides one. hehehe i thought that was pretty funny.the only downside to this place is the limited seating. but if you're drunk on the strip (or DRUNKINTHEPOOL!), you can eat that sheez on-the-go!24hours! immediate like.
4	I got the Full Montagu sandwich and first bite of it sorta transported me back to my childhood  visit to Montreal Quebec Canada where they  have the most delicious roast beef and corned beef sandwiches similar in taste to this Earl sandwich. My meal could of been perfect if I opted to not get the frozen lemonade. That was such a sugar bomb where I had to down so much water to wash the sweetness out of my mouth. Still 4 stars for something that can transport you to a time back in the past! :) The line to get the sandwich is pretty long but moves pretty fast but friend and I were stuck in line still for a good 15 minutes before we got to the cashier.
4	of course another well known place that everyone says to eat at!its a sunday and its 12pm. luckily there wasn't a long line. i ordered the all american and jamaican beef jerk? the all american was a classic sandwich but the bread was delicious! nice texture and fitted in my mouth perfectly! a little but smaller than most sandwiches but thats ok.the jamaican one had spice and it was good! i like the spice and the bell peppers and the chicken.. even eating it cold it tasted good.ill be back cuz this was the cheapest meal in vegas we had!
5	Wow, this is as good as cheap sandwiches get. We actually went here twice during our stay because of how good it was. The bread is amazing, while there was always a long line it moved a lot faster than expected. If you're looking for grub near Planet Hollywood, this is a great spot to grab it.Pros: (all the sandwiches we shared)-Caribbean Jerk Sandwich - my personal favorite because I like a little kick. -Hawaiian BBQ Sandwich - great combo.-Earl Club Sandwich - This one was good and then continued to grow on me as I ate it. -Original Sandwich - Classic roast beef and cheese.-Earl potato chips - reminded me a lot of Boulder Chips. Love them.-Frozen Earl Lemonade - sour but not too sour, I kicked it up a notch by buying a shot of vodka across the way.Cons: -Long Line (but not that bad, it moves faster than you think and it gives you time to look at a menu)Do yourself a favor and stop by the Earl of Sandwich.
5	American sandwhich was really good, cranberry sauce, awesome cheese, hot sandwhich
5	Can you say delectable and what an amazing concoction their bread is!!??!? I tried the Jerk Chicken and it was decent, not really great but not bad. But still, it didn't trigger my glands and produce saliva to dragg me back here...And then I found my new best friend, their TUNA MELT. Holy freakin bonkers it's good. I drool for this stuff and want to come back to Vegas just for that. For only $6 per sandwich and the food just hits the spot!! At first, Yvonne N. told me to order it, she highly HIGHLY reccomended it and I was like ehhh why would I come here for a tuna melt, then I bit into this heavenly combination of hot, soft, and crisp bread and juicy tuna salad that melts in your mouth with the "ooz" of swiss chese... WOW I underestimated the power of Earl's!!!
5	Lunch time anyone? or apparently they close real late lol Got lunch here and ordered two sandwiches and shared it with my boo :) there were barely a line, and once again it's an order/pay/ but pick up food when the buzzer thingy goes off kind of ordeal. We ordered the full montagu and the club! How was the food?-Full Montagu:for some reason I found it to taste a bit cinnamony but not a bad sandwich and I put some mustard in it and made it yummy!gave it a kick!-The ClubMMM GOOD STUFF! I like this sandwich better, and of course with a touch of mustard again made it more good, yumz.   OVERALL:DELICIOUS SANDWICHES for 5.99 anyone?! I'M DOWN!
5	So this place was REALLY hyped up for me since we had a friend that loooooves this place; it lived up to the hype thankfully!Earl is located in the Miles mall of Planet Hollywood. Their bread is made slightly undercooked so that it cooks and toasts fully when the sandwich goes through the conveyor oven with all the filling. Everything was really really good; the bread was always perfectly toasted and piping hot. We ate:Hawaiian: A little too salty, will not get againFull Montagu: REALLY GOOD!Earl's Club: Friends said really goodThe Original: Also goodGet the full montagu and earl's club definitely. 2 mornings in a row we got the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich too - really really good. They serve breakfast until 11, but you can get the other sandwiches any time you want. The kona coffee they serve is also pretty good :). We will be back!!!
5	We were looking for something to satisfy our hunger and walking into the Miles Mall this was the first place we ran into. There wasn't a line as we went there on a Saturday afternoon. You can pick your sandwich and add chips and drink to your order. They give you the buzzer and you wait for your sandwich to get done.I ordered the All American sandwich, which had roasted turkey and cranbarry sauce in it. It was very tasty and everybody else liked their sandwiches too. It tasted very fresh and the bread was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outsite. Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly and helpfull. Would definitely go back there.
2	We had to try the EOS because all of the 5 star reviews..And because of those reviews we were disappointed. We each tried a different sandwich and both of us felt that they were Ok but nothing special,nothing to go out of our way for.2&1/2 stars at best...
4	Since Earl of Sandwich had such high ratings I had to try it while I was here. As for sandwiches this is as close to a five as I can give for a sandwich. It doesn't taste like heaven, but none the less still good. I love how they are open 24 hours a day. So late night hunger answered if you are staying near by. IF you are willing to go to subway for a 5 dollar sandwich a dollar more will get you something that taste a million times better. I had the all-american. yummy. My boyfriend had the ham and swiss which was also pretty good. Must try at least once while you're here.
5	Ah yes, Earl of Sandwich. Every Vegas mans hangover preference. All I have to say is, FULL MONTAGUE! (and tomato soup... With lots of water, mind you) will cure that hangover.
4	Went here TWICE during my mini vacation with my boyfriend. You know a place is tasty if my boyfriend and I go to a place twice in one visit! I am a BIG and I mean BIIIIIIG Ike's @ Lime's fan in San Francisco and Earl of Sandwich is up there with Ike's (not better than Ike's, but pretty darn close). The place is 24 hours which is always a good thing in my book. Lines can be both short and long depending when you go. The first time we went, we went around noon and the line was long but moved pretty quickly. The second time, we went just 30 minutes earlier and there was no line. Don't worry about seats, there's enough seats to go around. I ordered the Full Montagu and the boy ordered the Earl's Club. Loved my sandwich and even the boy who hates mustard loved it as well. In my honest opinion, the best part of the sandwich was the bread! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. On our second trip to Earl's, we both ordered two sandwiches each (one for lunch and one for the road) and even after a few hours on the road, the sandwich was just as good as it was fresh!
3	Thank you for being there for my post-Krave insanity at 4am. You totally helped mitigate my hangover hours later.
5	Earl of sandwich claims to have the world's greatest hot sandwich.  Well John Montagu, you are correct sir.  This place has amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is the caprese.  Simple, yet delicious.  My wife's favorite is the BLT.  The sandwiches only come in one size.  They aren't huge, but they are large enough.  My wife and I each get a sandwich and then spit a yogurt parfet for dessert.  The are reasonably priced, giving you more money for the casino's.
5	I ate lunch here twice during a two-day stay in Las Vegas, and i recommend you make this your go-to lunch place. Located right on the strip, in the Planet Hollywood, just to the left of the main entrance to the Miracle Mile Mall. This is a great first meal of the day, to energize you for the casinos, or cure your hangover from the night before. To order, line up, order your meal, continue in line to pay and order a drink. If you arrive at peak lunch time, expect a crowd. However, for the amount of traffic, they are extremely efficient. If you're in a group, have one person scout out a table, because the seats are taken quickly. To eat, the sandwiches are good, but the prices are ever better: five dollars for a medium-sized sandwich. There are also wraps, salads, and soups. Although I did not try a wrap or a salad, i can say that the Veggie sandwich was delicious, and that the "Vegetable" and "Cheddar and Broccoli" soups are so thick, that they no longer taste like a healthy option. All of the meals, including soups, are wrapped expertly, and labeled, for easy take-away. Pro Tip: While you're at Earl of Sandwich, order coffees, and sit playing Penny Slots, while watching tv. Beware of the annoying Wheel of Fortune Countdown "5..4...3...2...1" at one of the surrounding machines. Also, if not given a buzzer to claim your meal, hold onto your receipt as it has a number on it to claim your meal.
5	After blowing all your money on gambling and other crazy stuff that Vegas has to offer, you can bet that this spot offers a really good deal that won't dent your wallet too much.  It's also open 24 hours, which means you can use any excuse in Vegas to eat here anytime.  Our favorites would be the All American and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken; the best $13 I ever spent in Vegas. The best part is probably the toasted bread and each sandwich is amazingly hot and tasty..!
5	Have you ever seen "FRIENDS" the show? Remember how Joey mentioned that the meatball sandwich he had was as good as sex? Well this place definitely hits the spot!! A wide selection, open I THINK 24 hours (we came here after the club at 5 am, so it has to be open 24hrs), and just really good and affordable!!For me I wanted something different so I chose the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich. The sandwich has Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. AS a hot sandwich it was FABULOUS. the bread was crispy but NOT hard. The Chicken was moist and all the toppings just tasted fresh. Move over SUBWAYS and TOGO's...I have a new love for sandwiches thanks to Earl. Why can't there be one here in California?!I would recommend this to all my friends to definitely check out. It is affordable, the lines are long but doesn't take long, delicious, fresh and just enough to hit the spot and satisfy you for a good lunch! I give earl a 5 stars, best sandwich place I've ever been to in a while :-)
4	Everyone talks about this place when coming to Vegas, so naturally I had to check this place out.  There was a long line as always, but it went by much more quickly than I had expected. You order, pay, and they'll call your number when your food is ready. I have no idea how they did it, but the bread was soo soft and delicious. Their bread is truely unique. It really helps with the sandwiches.Food:1) Full Montagu - The one thing I worry about ordering roast beef and turkey sandwiches is that they're dry. You don't have to worry about that here. Combine these two well cooked meats with swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce you get a simple, yet delicious deli sandwich.2) Tuna Melt - I don't usually order Tuna Melts but the Tuna melt was AWESOME! It's a very simple tuna sandwich with cheese.  3) Chocolate Chip Cookie - AMAZING cookie! Even though it was sitting in a package, the cookie was still REALLY soft and the chocolate was still gooey.
5	During our quick stay in Vegas this past weekend, we stumbled into Earl of Sandwich for a 3am bite!  The simple fact that Earl of Sandwich is amazing is one matter, but the second fact that Earl of Sandwich is opened 24 hours - this simply makes the world a better place! Yum yum! Why isn't there an Earl of Sandwich in OC? Or in LA at the very least!  WHYYYY!?!?!  This time, the bf ordered the Club sandwich again.  I ordered the original Earl of Sandwich with the sandwich sauce instead of their mustard, and WOW!  How can a sandwich taste this good?  And, why does Earl of Sandwich have to be so far?  I'm not sure that this long-distance relationship thing is going to work out and it is very upsetting to me!  Just the thought of Earl of Sandwich breaks my heart as the taste is still imprinted in my memories and taste buds.  Until next time... Earl of Sandwich, wait for me!  I promise that I am worth the wait as you are worth the wait for my next trip to Vegas! Let's try to make this work!
5	This has got to be the best sandwich place I've eaten at by far ...in Vegas! I always get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich because its so bomb dude! Drunk or sober as fuck!! The bread is nice n toasty, chicken cooked to perfection with melted cheese all over.. It's a must when you're at Planet Hollywood or somewhere by there. Best part is... it's 24hrs.
5	herro I miss you come back into my life.Why is this place so freakin good? Why?The first time I had it I thought it sucked. I got the italian and it tasted like shit and I threw it away. The second time I had it was because I was  starving and alone because everyone else ate without me while I slept (the fuckers) SO i decided to mosey down the elevator and stumble over to mr. Earl. Got the original and now I cannot stray. Extra Dijon a pepsi and that shit is gone. Yum crispy tenderness. Roast beef is so melt in mouth good I wonder if they have cooked it long enough. THe third time i went there i got the original with pasta salad and a pepsi. I literally had to be rolled out of there. SO much food, so good. I will come back another day. ANother time my friend. They also have breakfast sandwiches. But its like 7am  to 11am . Who the eff wakes up before 11 in vegas, unless you just stay up all night, it is earl's so it might just be worth it.
4	best thing to eat at 3am.
4	The stars are strictly for the food. DELICIOUS sandwiches! I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich which comes with ham, turkey I think, and pine apples with a sweet Hawaiian sauce. DELICIOUS!! that's all I have to say. Good golly! As for service they get 1 star! they suck!! it's a long line, the food takes long, and we didn't get one of our order and to top it off they did not apologize nor did they show a sense of urgency or anything. They suck! It was the supervisor too. So we got a refund. tisk tisk. Stupid yummy sandwiches. BTW you're looking at $7 a sandwich!
3	We hit up the Earl of Sandwich because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp. Overall, however, the food was just okay.We tried the Full Montagu since this was the most highly recommended sandwich of the lot. Not really flavorful, just okay.We also tried the tomato soup and chicken Caesar salad, again, all just okay.  The chocolate chip cookie we got for dessert was the tastiest part of the meal.Relatively cheap for Vegas, but definitely not worth the wait.
4	After a night of clubbing, me and the girls were dying to grab a late night meal. We saw all the great reviews for Earl of Sandwich and hopped in the cab to the Planet Hollywood hotel. After walking past all the slot machines and poker tables, we finally arrived at the sandwich shop. The line was suppppeeerr long. But it moved pretty fast. I ordered the Full Montagu which has roast beef and turkey, avocado and other stuff. The sandwich was soooo delicious. Saved the other half for the next morning, and it tasted just as good!
5	I wish we had one of these in San Jose. Seriously, why don't we have one closer to us?!I went to Vegas for 3 days with a few friends. Out of all of the delicious places we could have chosen, we decided to eat here twice. I had the club the first time, then the all american the second day. The club was definitely my #1 pick! My boyfriend got the full montagu and LOVED it. I'm pretty sure he's still dreaming about that scrumptious sammy! I can't wait for my next visit to Vegas!!
5	I was in Vegas last week and HAD to see what all the hype was about. A friend of mines went there a few weeks back and every meal he had was at Earl of Sandwich. Come on, how can that be? Had to find out. It's located inside of Planet Hollywood so it is not that easy to get to. There is almost ALWAYS a line from what I hear, especially around 2am-4am after the clubs. The place is clean, well lit and there are about 10-12 different sandwiches. Our group tried the Montagu and Italian sandwiches along with the soup. They also offer different salads and desserts. Everything they had displayed looked wonderful. The prep time for the sandwiches was short and everything came out piping hot. The anticipation was killing me. With my first bite, I was deeply in love. I had to sit back in my chair and contain myself. I really needed to take my time with this sandwich! The Italian was so tasty and delicious. The sandwich is soft, not soggy... with italian dressing. I normally cannot finish a full sandwich but I sure finished this one! The Montagu was great as well but the winner is the Italian!!! I also tried the Chicken soup which was good, the Cheese soup not so great. I am in love. Too bad long distance relationships don't work because I live like 4 hours away. Till the day we meet again Earl, I will think of you everyday....
4	Wow.  I rarely say "wow" after eating a sandwich, but i found myself saying it after every bite of my delicious Tuna Melt. My sister had the Club sandwich, and my brother had the Ham and Cheese- and as simple as these items are- I heard a "wow" escape from their lips as well.  Their artisan bread is so fresh and that is what makes the difference. The price is VERY reasonable, and the portions are filling and satiating.  Can't wait to return and try another item from the menu.
5	Came here and got the Original 1762 and the Italian and split it with another person, not something you'd want to eat if you're a health freak but they do have really good, hot sandwiches. Sandwiches are fairly small but you get what you pay for. They also have salads and wraps and breakfast food, dessert too!I believe they are now open 24 hours, conveniently located at PH, close to casino's, right next to the shops. Perfect to eat after a night of partying, stumbling drunk through the line.
4	Looking for something on the strip that you'll be able to enjoy and the price wont set you back to much well i just got one of the normal menu sandwiches and it was very good and for how packed it was in the restaurant itself our sandwiches came up surprisingly fast and the atmosphere wasnt so bad just kinda noisy but where on the strip isnt! overall a very good sandwich shop and if i was on the strip near there i would definitely keep it in mind for a quick bite to eat.
5	This place just beats any sandwich place I have ever eaten and for the price of 5.99 a sandwich just makes it a 5 star sandwich place. The bread is really crisp on the outside and the bread inside is moist and fluffy. I had the Caribbean jerk, earl's club, tuna melt, full Montague and more. I thought they were all pretty good, but my favorite would have to be the Caribbean jerk. full of flavors!! this is one place you just  have to try if you're on a budget or in a rush!
5	Fantastic sandwich. Had Turkey club with Bacon on side. It was warm and crunchy on the outside but meaty salty Turkey with Swiss on the inside.  I would definitely go back.
5	This is to die for :) "The Golden Brick"Every vegas trip first stop Earls....after the night Earls...on the way home Earls.You can never get tired of this place. It is still good after one day. Love the Tuna Melt, Meatball, Hawaiian BBQ, Caribbean Jerk Chicken and their Holiday Special (turkey,stuffing,cranberry sauce).
4	Looking for something to eat and do not want to spent too much money?  I would suggest to stop by this place.  After seeing all the reviews, when I was staying at the PH tower, I had to try this place.  The bread as everyone noted was extremely fluffy.  The amount of meat and ingredients is just about right.  A sandwich cost around 6 or 7 dollar, and this is not your typical subway sandwich.  One bite of the sandwich you will know what i mean.
4	Really delish sandwiches, with good balance of flavors and ingredients/bread ratio. It was too big for me to eat alone, so I split one with my bf and we had a salad as well. Super fresh tasting, with a great combo of crispiness and gooeyness.
5	Earl Of Sandwich, seriously the best sandwich I have ever had. I seriously wish I had like 4 stomachs so I can try 4 sandwiches in one seating. I think I speak for my girlfriend that this is seriously the best sandwiches.Earl Of Sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood, best way to get here is pretty much enter in through the mall, with the entrance nearest pinks hot dogs. The line can get long here, but the service is pretty fast, and the fact that they supply you with those little thingy-ma-jiggy's that blinks red whenever your sandwich is ready to be picked up. I do love that they have a refill area for your soft drinks, it was a huge help for my thirsty self!They actually have a large seating area, and also a wide variety of chips and dessert bites. Seriously though any of the sandwiches they offer are $5.99, and even though I only tried two of their sandwiches, I know that the others are just as bomb!I had the Hawaiian sandwich, and oh my goodness. I remember first taking my bite into that sandwich, my eyes instantly closed and enjoyed each flavor. From the juice and sweetness from the pineapple, to the gooey but delicious cheese, the tender and salty taste from the ham, and to top it all off the crunch from the bread, its just a heavenly bite!My girlfriend got the club sandwich, and seeing her reaction when she first bit into the sandwich, it was seriously a mirror image of myself but of her of course. Instead of Whoa which would come out of my mouth, my girlfriend yelled out BOMB! When I got to take my share of her sandwich, I dont blame her. The sandwich had many different textures from the crunch from the sandwich and the bacon, and also different flavors, salt from the bacon, the zing from the mustard it was simply amazing! Overall I plan on coming to Earl of Sandwich whenever I come to Vegas, it is a must! I cannot wait to try all the other sandwiches, because seriously being so far away and having my mouth water, im getting all jumpy just wanting to have some right now!- Ssp
5	You have to try these.  They are open 24 hours and the sandwich is delicious.  They are very efficient too.
5	If you love sandwiches, go no further than Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.  Fun Fact: Earl is a rank and Sandwich is a town in the UK; the word sandwich is actually named after its creator, John Montagu, the 4th Earl of Sandwich.Haven't gotten around to trying all the sides (heard from friends they are good though), but the three sandwiches I tried were all excellent.  Sandwiches come out hot and are all made to order for only $5.99.  A deal anywhere including Vega$.  The toasted artisan bread combined with fresh ingredients make for tasty bite after tasty bite.The Original is roasted beef, cheddar cheese and their own creamy horseradish sauce.  The roast beef tastes juicy and the horseradish sauce has a great tangy, not too hot combination.The Italian is fresh tasting with juicy, ripe tomatoes and chunks of mozzarella cheese.  The Italian dressing adds a nice zest to the salamis and ham.The Cannonballs! is your hearty meatball sandwich done right.Go here for lunch, early dinner, midnight snack, or even 5am drunkies feeding as this place stays open 24 hrs.
5	You really can't argue with this place. Good, hot sandwiches at a very reasonable price. I've had every one of their sandwhiches and enjoyed them all. The Carribean Jerk would have to be my favorite and there may not be a better food to soak up the booze you've undoubtedly been consuming too much of. Really good place, fantastic for the money.
5	Every time I have eaten here I have been drunkso I dont know how this place would taste soberbut i can say everything taste AWESOME when you are drunkso this place was AWESOMEi would tell you what i ate but i was so drunk i dont even remember!!!thank you Earl you big sandwich hunk of bread eating guy who has his stores looking like a assembly line with vibrating order thingysits also preggo approved!
4	The Original is excellent. Soup is alright. This place is more about the main dishes than sides.
5	I've been here twice...but i know everytime im in vegas it will be a must to stop here even though i have only had the cesar salad.....it is a darn good cesar salad!!!!!
2	food was just ok.. service was  horrible and staff was rude, lots of staff standing behind the counter, but had to wait about 10 min just to order, took another 15 min to get a sandwich.. tables were plentiful but dirty..
4	My favorite restaurant in Vegas. In Vegas, most of the restaurants are either too expensive or too greasy / fast food qualities (McD, Panda Express, etc). So stumbling into this place's a blessing. Not only because it's cheap ($6) and open 247, their sandwiches are amazing!!! I highly recommend the Tuna Melt and Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Tomatoes & their Mustard sauce); they're very delicious.
3	Solid sammiches ... Very inexpensive ... Not as broad a selection as I'd like
3	For the Strip I guess it's good.  Since I stay away from that area at all costs, I can't really comment on too much that goes on since I prefer to not get rooked and eat in the burbs instead, The place was 'ok' and I'm glad that I gave it a shot.  I had the Cannonballs and it was nothing to write home about.  Service was fast, but it seemed rather small.
5	The sandwiches here actually live up the hype! Crazy.The perfect blend of crunchy yet soft bread, sweet basil and savory balsamic when done perfectly gets me every time. The caprese sandwich here is amazing, I had two in one day. BF loved the original, which he classifies as uber meaty... Not my style but whatever, he was still craving it a week later. YES they are open 24 hours, they have amazing chips, and even chocolate pudding. Sober or not, their sandwiches are awesome. I'd take this over Capriotti's too.Yummilicious Factor = A+
5	DELICIOUS sandwiches. I can imagine this place is always crowded and I can see why, the sandwiches are so tasty. Seating can be a little difficult, but hey you can always take your sandwich to go and eat anywhere on the strip! The bread is FANTASTIC!! I tried the club and it was fabulous, I mean the bread was GREAT to start with and then once added all this deliciousness in it made it THAT much better, I mean c'mon it had bacon. And what's better than bacon?They are open 24 hours, which is great for those late nights partying in Vegas. I can't wait to drop by again when I am back in vegas!
5	We came here like 5 times in 2 days, that's how good this place is. I admit, the first time I tried Earl's, I was not impressed. But the second and third and fourth, you get the point, yummy in my tummy! Don't come here with the expectation that you'll be wow'd out of your seats; just come to enjoy a quality sandwich that is flavorful and delicious. And cheap ($5.99!). Which helps when you're in Vegas. Their cheddar soup is so good. After trying Earl's soups, I became addicted and started having soup everywhere I went. Definitely recommend trying the Earl's Club and Hawaiian BBQ. The Caribbean Jerk and Full Montagu were yums too. I heart Earl. OPEN 24/7! Go get your Earl on!
4	I've been here at least five times now. The ones I like are The Full Montagu , The Earl , Cannonballs , Jamacian Jerk Chicken, and Tuna Melt. The one I recommend NOT to order is the Hawaii Bbq Chicken. Recommendation: Tuna melt or The Full Montagu if you've never been here before. Those two are great to try first.
5	Last day in Vegas, and went to PH to grab some sandwiches. OMG!!!! that's the end of this review. Nah, j/k.  Anyways, this place is surprisingly well priced for its sandwiches than other places like in Mandalay Bay where a burger and fries costs...wait for it...$19+!!! So yeah,  spent $9 on a Chicken Jerk Sandwich and a Frozen Lemonade and enjoyed every bite of it!!
4	The only sandwich I tried was their Tuna Melt but it here but it had to be the best Tuna Melt I've ever had...so good in fact, that I had to go back again for another one!  The bread was perfectly toasted so that it was crunchy but still also soft on the inside, it had a generous amount of Tuna with just the right amount of cheese so that it's not overly greasy.  My other girlfriends ordered some of the other sandwiches like The Earl and Cannonball and they raved that those were just as yummy too.One sandwich is pretty filling by itself but if you have room I'd also recommend their potato soup.  It's tasty and hearty and doesn't taste processed or canned like some soups I've tried at other sandwich places.To top it off, their service is really quick too.  On our first visit, we called ahead to order 10 sandwiches and had only a short wait before our order was ready for us to pick up.  Even during the "after club" hours, we probably waited less than a minute before our order was ready.
4	Great place to grab a bite when you're not feeling a buffet --- Their sandwiches are super yummy... perfectly cooked...and opened 24/7. Doesn't hurt to try if you just so happen to walk by.
5	i love this place. great sandwiches. they have the best bread ever! so far, ive tried four different sandwiches and they never fail to be super delicious! there needs to be one in los angeles. :)
5	I am a regular to Vegas and the vegas food scene, which is comprised mainly of: expensive gourmet dining ($120 and up for 2 range), or overpriced mediocre dining (chain restaurants such as Outback, whose prices are inflated because of its "on the strip" location, and rainforest cafe) and cheap fast food joints (prices still inflated from what they'd normally charge if not on the strip.. the panda express, mc'dees, rubios, S'barro pizza). On my last trip to Vegas, i decided that i wouldn't be a sucker anymore. I wanted to have a good meal, at a reasonable price, and if i have to walk half the strip, then so be it. I searched on yelp and Earl of Sandwich came up. A deja-vu moment came back, since I've been to Planet Hollywood before and recalled having briefly seen this spot, not far after you enter the hotel/ casino. I trekked my way from MGM to PH, for this. Worth the 82 degrees heat, and the 15 min walk. And alas, i can't place Earl in any of the 3 categories of the Vegas dining scene. I guess i am mentally creating a new category: good & cheap! (I believe Earl's is a chain, but it's too good to be put in the same league as the other chain restaurants). It was just the 2 of us, but since I wanted to give a fair review of the food, we got 3 sandwiches for variety: the Full Montagu, The Ham 'n' Swiss and The All American. The Full Montagu is my favorite, with just the right amount of meat (roast beef and turkey), 2 types of cheese (swiss and sharp cheddar) and a good slab of the house mustard sauce.The All American is like thanksgiving on a sandwich (it has cranberries, turkey, cheese). The ham and swiss is the most boring choice of the 3, but it's good quality ham n' cheese sandwich. You do have to get chips or any other sides for additional cost, as they aren't included in the $5.95 price (for all sandwiches!). They get packed. But other than that, it's a solid spot.
5	Ate here 3x in one weekend. Love the orginal (#1 I believe) with extra horseradish sauce. Like other yelpers have said, their Tuna Melt was excellent. Will definitely eat here again.Of note... it's open 24hrs!
5	There are so many reviews for this place. I'll just name what I love to order over here! :)Sandwiches:--Full Montagu--Cannonballs--Tuna Melt--Club--Veggie Soups:--Tomato--Vegetable Medley-On the salty side, but I still enjoyed eating all the veggies :)All of these are very very good! Especially after a night of partying, all you need to do is pop the other half of sandwich in the microwave and  you have a quick BRUNCH! :)Located inside Planet Hollywood.- You will see PINK'S HOT DOGS outside( If you go inside where Urban Outfitters is, then you're at the wrong entrance) However, there still is a way to get to Earl's from there! - Go inside Miracle Miles Shops- When you walk inside you will see Rock Bar to the right. - Keep going straight, and to your LEFT you will see the HUGE "EARL OF SANDWICH" sign. :) You won't miss it.- However, if you keep going straight, you will see FAT TUESDAY. You can buy a FAT TUESDAY....-THEN, walk backwards to go back to Earl of Sandwich :)
5	:) Hooray for Earl of Sandwich for getting a rare 5-Star rating from this hungry Yelper. This might have been one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had and definitely a great find on the Strip. Open 24 Hours, this place serves the hungry Sin City visitors and is a well oiled machine. The service is prompt even during a really busy time and when the plastic bag of gold wrapped sandwiches was passed my way, I was definitely excited.The sandwich is not that big but definitely packs in a ton of flavor. Their secret might be the delicious bread that comes with the sandwich. I couldn't tell if it was pan fried bread or not but there was definitely something special about it. The ingredients inside were fresh and their mustard was very yummy. In Vegas, under 10 dollars for any meal is a steal and if you just need a satisfying lunch for room for snack later, this is a great choice. I ordered the Earl's Club and wish I was in Vegas longer just so I could try their whole menu. I am definitely definitely coming back to this place again during my next Vegas adventure.
5	I love Earl of Sandwich! Ishhhh goood! The only reason i have ever tried this place was because i stayed at the planet hollywood and i came back from a night of partying and was sooooo hungry. Thank god this place was open 24 / 7 YO! So i decided to get a earls club which is a turkey bacon sandwich. It looked like a normal sandwich as i watched them prepair it. The place made the sandwich fast and was wrapped in a a nice foil that actually kept the sandwich warm for quite some time. I  also want to mention alot of the people getting sandwichs here at night are people they came back from partying and drinking alot.  Anyways i got my earls club brought it back to my room and just wanted something with bread in it to soak in the alcohol. First bite i toook of my EARL'S club and i was FEELING it! it WAS SOOO GOOOD! The bread had a nice crisp to it, it wasn't to crisp because u can feel the softness of it too. PLus the turkey and bacon made it really good. Most of the sandwichs at earl's i believe and HOT sandwichs. I just got a sandwich and it was only 5-7 dollars. For a late night snack this really hit the spot. I was thinking of getting another one before i went to bed but decided to just wait until i wake up to get another one! Hahaha Sooo now everytime i stay at planet hollywood, i have to earl's sandwich. I think the way they make their sandwichs plus the way they prepare and toast the sandwich is kind of unique. Their bread / sandwich's does have a distinct taste to it. Please try this sandwich place if your staying at planet hollywood. The line is long during the day and during the night it goes by pretty fast.
4	Discovered this place in Planet Hollywood through our friends who loved Earl's.  From someone who values sandwiches as their favorite food, this place was great!!!!!!!I got the Full Montague + an ice cream brownie sandwich.  It was so delicious I completely enjoyed it although I had no appetite due to a hangover.  You must try this place if you're in Vegas!Also......I give them extra points for marketing.  I love their name: Earl of Sandwich, their logo, and for knowing how to make a perfect sandwich (it's harder than you think).
5	Absolutely the best sandwich around, and it's only $5.99.  The Original and Full Montagu are some of tastiest sandwiches I've had in my life.  You can't go wrong if you go to the Earl of Sandwich craving (duh) a sandwich.  They also have a veggie sandwich for those concerned types.  The soups, especially the Tomato Soup, taste great and it doesn't hurt your pocketbook as much with it being only $2.99.  The yogurt parfaits ($3.99) are pretty good too, my favorite being blueberry.According to Caesars Entertainment the descendant of the Earl of Sandwich started this little sandwich shop inside Planet Hollywood.  How can you not have a sandwich from someone who is a descendant of the OG of sandwiches.  Earl of Sandwich, oh yeah!!!
5	Hooray!!!!! I loved the sandwich. I ordered The Full Montagu and the tomato soup I loved every bite of it! :) The artisan bread was so buttery and so tasty! :) My friends loved what they ordered.btw. this place is open 24 hours! It would be a perfect place for lunch or for a midnight snack! Ahhh. my mouth is drooling as I'm typing this!
5	This is a great deal in Vegas and the food is YUMMY!! For the price of $5.99 for any toasted hot sandwich or salad, it is better than fast food. Located in Planet Hollywood, expect a line, but the it goes by pretty fast. During my stay here this weekend, i came here twice!! It was that good and affordable. The first time I was here, I got the Earl's Club and I split a Cobb Salad with a friend. The sandwich was a good size and very tasty and the salad was very fresh. I ate half my sandwich only and saved the other half for later - it was still good later..=) The second time here, I got the broccoli & cheese soup and I split the Chinese chicken salad with a friend. Both did not disappoint again. This place is open 24 hours and a great place for a bite. One of my places to eat when in Vegas.
5	My favorite place to eat when I go to Vegas!  Not only is it one of the cheaper options on the strip, but it's open late and it's DELICIOUS.  Planet Hollywood is smart, because this is one of the only reasons I make a trip over (I guess also, because Planet Hollywood is the only place I'm ever up in blackjack, but that's besides the point).  My go-to sandwich is always the Caprese sandwich, and I add turkey to it (still gotta have my meat!).  It is less than $10 I believe (I think it's like - $6 for the sandwich alone, and like $2-3 for the added meat) but man, the bread is delicious, the balsamic is awesome, and I have a soft spot in my heart for fresh mozzarrella.  LOVE. Also, their potato salad is pretty tasty too, but small portions, so beware if you want to share, because you might just end up with about 2 bites.  I want to go back to Vegas now just thinking about the deliciousness that is Earl of Sandwich, mmmmmmmm....
5	so why is everyone talking about earl of sandwich??  IT'S BOMB!!  *there, i said it.*i shared the full montagu sandwich and the meditteranean chicken salad.  first taste of the sandwich and i wanted to order another one!!  Mmm...  you need to try it for yourself.it is a panini sandwich perfectly toasted.  freshly baked for your sandwich enjoyment.  one bite and you'll fall in love too.  seriously, if they had more locations...subway, quizno's, etc would become endangered species.the meditteranean chicken salad was fresh and complimented the sandwich well.  all sandwiches and salads are $5.99 each. ...AND they are open 24/7!!if we didn't have to leave vegas sooo quickly to hit the road,  i would have ordered caribbean jerk chicken sandwich to go.  sooo sad that i didn't get the chance to eat it but we had to beat traffic back to CA.  Note: food came out fairly quickly.  sandwich was warm and wrapped in foil.
5	I cannot go to Vegas and not have Earl of Sandwich atleast once.. this place is DAMN GOOD!!!!  I don't know what it is, but their sandwiches are fresh, hot and made to order as you like it.. from the first bite you will be in heaven!Toasted panini sandwiches to die for at a reasonable $5.99... BLT was bomb and so was the Tuna Melt!!! ANDDDD they are open 24/7 (inside Planet Hollywood). Perfect place to hit up after the bar/club!!Only thing I'm mad about is that they don't have any locations closer to me in California!
5	As of 4/25/11, there are over 800 reviews for this place and they all say the same thing, this place is good!!!  My fiancee said that the Montague was the best sandwich she's ever had.  I won't go on to say that much, although this sandwich was up there with other sandwich greats.  Earl of Sandwich certainly gets a spot in the pantheon of great sandwiches.  Here's why:Selection - This place has a massive selection of sandwiches.  Anyone ordering something here is bound to find one of their favorites.  From their savory Hawaiian, which includes ham and pineapple (tastes just like a Ham/Pineapple pizza on a sandwich to me) to their Jerk Chicken (for those who like it spicy), this place is sure to please.  They also offer a plethora of desserts.Service - The service is friendly for the most part.  We went to this location twice during our visit to Vegas.  The first time was better than the second.  During our second visit, the cashier decided to have a "fuck my life" moment and didn't really acknowledge us.  Other than that, the service is good, I'll take the second experience as a rare occurrence.Bread - This place isn't like other sandwich shops in the regard that you only get one type of bread, GOOD BREAD!!!  For what they restrict in selection in the bread department, they make up for by making the bread they have excellent.  I liken this bread to a brick, only because it is formed like one.  In fact, when you get the sandwich in it's distinctive wrapping, it looks exactly like a gold brick.   Don't worry the bread isn't hard like one, it's soft and buttery, yet has some crispiness to it.  Some sandwich shops gain their notoriety by having the "biggest sandwich" around or the "messiest sandwich around", Earl of Sandwich does neither.  The sandwich itself is actually smaller than what you'd expect, but the taste more than makes up for this.Do yourself a huge favor the next time you're in Vegas, hit up Earl of Sandwich!
5	food: wow, the earl of sandwich really hits the spot after a night out or a day in the sun!  really liked their original 1762 (yummy roast beef with amazing horseradish sauce) and the full montagu sandwiches.  the earl's club is good too.  the best part of the sandwich is their toasty yet moist bread.service: all the employees seemed sooooooo over it, but i guess i would be too if i had to deal with millions of tourists every dayfinal thoughts: a must-try whenever you're in vegas
4	Not too shabby ,get the blt mmmm
3	the sandwiches are awesome here! i would totally give earls a 4-5 star rating based on my previous experiences BUT last weekend's experience left me very unsatisfied. The food was good if they had spoons! I ordered a sandwich+soup and found out the spoons/forks were out. I went and asked the server for a spoon and he just looked at me with a blank stare. I explained to him that they were out and I needed it for soup. He completely ignored my request. I understand that earls isnt a high end restaurant. But cmon! Any other establishment would offer me the basic utensils.
3	Earl of Sandwich possibly saved my life.I was wandering The Strip in the wee hours of the morning trying to sober up.At 5:00 am there really wasn't much left to do but get the fuck out.Luckily, I stumbled into Planet Hollywood and remembered hearing about Earl of Sandwich.I didn't really know what I wanted or if I even wanted to eat but I went with The Full Montague and some frozen lemonade.Don't know if it was yellow or pink lemonade, since I didn't bother to open the lid(pink lemonade is manlier btw).Someone ripped a pretty stinky fart in that place(may or may not have been me), so once again I ate in the car.One of the cool things about this place is that they give some sort of gadget/coaster/computer thingy that starts ringing when your order is ready.I didn't know wtf it was or why it was beeping until some dude next to me clued me in.As for the sandwich, The Full Montague was pretty badass.Roast beef, turkey, Swiss& Cheedar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard being hugged by artisan bread.My only complaint is that it's a pretty thick sandwich and the bread does fill you up fast.Ended up eating only half and I think i left the other half in the glove compartment.I see why people are crazy about this place, but there's still something I can't quite put my finger on that's keeping me from giving it a higher rating.Maybe another visit will clarify things for me.
4	Might just be my new favorite late night spot in Vegas.Located inside Planet Hollywood, Earl of Sandwich will definitely surprise you.  There's fairly big selection of sandwiches so it's not hard to find something for everybody.  We went for the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich and the Caprese.  The Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite out of the two.  Ham, pineapple, cheese, and BBQ sauce just go so well together.  Think of a Hawaiian pizza, transplanted between two awesome artisan bread.  OMG the bread is just awesome.  Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It is just toasted perfectly.  As for the Caprese, it's your classic mozzarella, tomato, and basil with a balsamic vinaigrette.  I wish there was more basil cause I think we only saw two leaves of basil.  Two!  Sorta ridiculous for a whole sandwich but the thick sliced mozza was a nice touch.There's also some pastries and cookies available.  I went for the chocolate chip cookie.  At $1.99, it's pretty big, it's soft, and it satisfied my sweet tooth.  There's also chips by Earl of Sandwich available to go along with your sandwich.Salads, wraps, and sides are also available but really, the main stars are the sandwiches.  The sandwiches are a bargain too, considering it is on the strip, at $5.99.  It is loud though since it's right next to the casino floor but good food at a good value is hard to beat!Of course, it's not just for late night, as sandwiches are good anytime.  They even have breakfast items but I can never wake up early enough for breakfast :P
5	BEST SANDWICH PLACE... EVER!!!!!!!Seriously, if you're in vegas, and you haven't eaten here... TRY IT! you'll definitely fall in love... at least i did! This place is inside the Miracle Mile Shopping Center of Planet Hollywood! It's right across from the Sugar Factory. This place has earned the right to call itself the BEST SANDWICH SHOP IN THE WORLD!!! They're open 24 hrs. Each sandwich is only $5.99 and they're SOOOOO WORTH IT! Here's how it works:You get in line, place your order. You'll receive a buzzing device that will notify you when your order is ready. You proceed along the line and pick up whatever else you want... like a potato salad, macaroni salad, cold slaw, chips, cookies, ice cream, etc. Then you get to the cashier, and pay for your order. You find a table and get your seat. Then your device will go off and you pick up your food. You come back to your table (if you're eating there... why not? cuz it'll be hot and fresh!) and divulge into a little piece of heaven. That's right! You will not be able to help yourself and will let out a small moan because it's that good! My fav is the Best BLT. For some reason, there's no sauce(i get it without mayo), no cheese or anything... but this place makes the sandwich JUICY! I dunno how that's possible! The Earl's Club is pretty good, too! That comes with turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes, and their special sandwich sauce. Let me just say, the tomatoes in this sandwich are sooooooooooo tasty. They're seasoned and super sweet! This place got everything right! Bread? Perfectly toasted! Meats? Nicely packed onto the sandwich! Lettuce and Tomatoes? Super fresh!NOW, I CRAVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!
4	best sandwich ever?  no.  But is it a fantastic sandwich for a great price?  absolutely.They get 3 stars on flavor alone, but 4 stars on value.  The bread is the best part in my opinion, very unique and delicious.  Fast, inexpensive and good taste, that's pretty rare for las vegas good.
5	This place is fantastic!  I worked at PH for four years and was there when Earl's opened their doors, and I have been a fan ever since!  Both breakfast and lunch, sandwiches and soups are great!  My fav is their holiday sandwich, which is only on the menu in Nov and Dec, but it's turkey, cheese, stuffing, grave, cranberry sauce... so YUMMY!  They are very reasonably priced as well!
5	Even if you don't particularly like sandwiches, you owe it to your future lineage to try this place.It's hard to put into words how good these sandwiches are.  I'll leave it like this:The 'Holiday' sandwich is the best tasting concoction to ever enter my mouth.  It's an entire thanksgiving dinner toasted between two buns.I shouted curse words in the dining room after the first bite, it was that good.  Not to mention the sides... the sides are delicious as well.  Try the potato salad, or the macaroni salad.  Yum.If the 'Holiday' is too intimidating for your rookie taste buds, give the Original a try.  You really can't go wrong.The only con is that it is located in the god-awful Planet Hollywood hotel, but don't let that dissuade you from having the best sandwich of your life.  You owe it to your future children.
5	Don't be afraid of the long lines, as they move fast! They have a very efficient system that allows customers to flow through the restaurant with ease.I've been here twice now and Earl of Sandwich has demonstrated consistency in terms of quality hot sandwiches and customer service. I've had the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. The sandwiches are cut in half and when you pull them apart, a string of cheese follows--YUM! The club sandwich had turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and some sort of sauce. The Montagu sandwich had swiss and cheddar cheese, turkey, roast beef, lettuce, tomatoes, and Earl's mustard sauce! Both sandwiches were made from fresh ingredients and both tasted great, but I enjoyed the Montagu sandwich better because I'm a fan of mustard! I also tried the vegetable medley soup and I'm not sure whether it was because I was hung over, but I swear it was the heartiest soup I've ever had. The staff is very friendly and although they don't act as waiters/waitresses, they were still accommodating from behind the counter. Prices are fair and I'll come back again when I'm looking for a quick bite in Vegas.
5	Their sandwiches are the best. But didn't feel like carbs so went for the salad and that was STILL delicious.It's cheap and YUMMY IN YOUR TUMMYS! I would go back just to eat the crispy toasted warm sandwich....Mmmmm.Great drunk food cause it's open all night! Definitely recommend to anyone for a quick lunch/dinner/breakfast/drunk food/whatever.You order and get your receipt/buzzer, then go to the right to pay for it.
4	I had been hearing such amazing things about this place from all of you Yelpers so I had to try it out. You all were right...it was darn tasty. My man and I went for another impromptu date (I got off early from work and he was off...HOORAY!) and I told him I needed to try this place (I gave him one of those desperate looks where he wouldn't even dare to say no...besides I told him it was my treat.)We get there and there is a small line (awesome!) and it moved very fast. I opted for the American (turkey, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, cranberries and ranch dressing). My man decided on the club with no tomato. It arrived quickly and was one of the better sandwiches I have had in the past 30 years. Top it off with my favorite chips and soda (salt and vinegar and Tropicana Twister orange) and I was in heaven. The bread was the best part of it...crispy, hot yet soft in the middle.I will be back very soon to try more (at $5.99 a pop...that's so cheap by Vegas Strip standards). One word of caution to this happy tale...I would imagine it gets insanely crowded Thursday through Saturday so try to hit this place up Monday-Wednesday. Just a thought.
4	The Skinny: toasted sammy on a ciabatta bun with super fresh ingredients - what's not to like? (4), Service: it's a 24 hour counter service establishment. Given the reasonable price and quality, it's almost always inundated with people (3), Value: breakfast sandwiches for $3.99 and the other hot sandwiches for $5.99 - this place is a steal on the Strip (5).We were super stoked that the Earl of Sandwich made it's way to the Strip. We first had Earl of Sandwich in Florida and instantly fell in love with the reasonable prices and solid food.Unlike other places which toasted fully cooked bread, Earl of Sandwich's ciabatta bread comes probably 98% baked and leaves the remaining 2% for their toasting oven. That allows their bread to develop a lovely golden brown crispy crust on the outside while retaining a dense chewy texture on their inside. The robust little loaves really hold up to the fillings and sauces.The ratio of bread to filling is perfect - not too much to overwhelm the bread but substantial enough to feel satisfied. The lettuce is green leaf cut in whole pieces which adds a nice textural contrast while the tomatoes are perfectly ripe. The meats are well-prepared and succulent, unlike the typical rubbery flavourless textures you might see at your regular fast food outlets. They usually add just the right amount of sauce to moisten the filling without making everything soggy.Given the great prices and quality, this place can get pretty busy throughout the day unless you get here early in the morning. But it is definitely worth a stop for a nice satisfying budget meal. 4 stars.
4	This place has some really good sandwiches.  I got the Full Montagu, which had plenty of meat.  There's nothing worse than a sandwich with not enough meat, especially for a carnivore such as myself.  Oh and the bread....perfection!  The best part?  They're reasonably priced, some may even say cheap (at least I think so).  When you compare the quality & price of this to a chain, then yeah, this is cheap!  Plus, their service is pretty fast.  Although I didn't like the whole ordering your drink at the second cashier thing.  My only other complaint?  They messed up my drink order.  They gave me an ice tea instead of a lemonade, but ah well, it wasn't a big deal.Definitely worth going to for a quick bite.  We were thinking about their sandwiches even after we returned from Vegas.  That's how good it was.
4	A 24 hour cheap hot sandwich place is a vegas jackpot!!!  I always find myself having sandwich cravings and i'd been spending weeks looking at the reviews. I had decided way before i stepped into the store at PH, that i would be ordering the Full Montagu- Roast beef and turkey!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=pqiqUiWVESs9LubdKK2zcwWe were still full from breakfast, so i didn't get to try a second sandwich as i had hoped (i'm definitely getting the canonball meatball sammie next time). I'm sure after i try a few more different sammies here, i would upgrade to a 5, but based on just the one i had, i just needed a little something more. More mayonaisy sauce? Avocado? Not sure. But i am not craving it, as i do with Cooks, Mendo, Caps or Langers. But... I will be back for sure to get the cannonball and get ANOTHER brownie whoopie pie !! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=DbdvnjAtWRE2Hj0_MbX26Q
4	Not bad. Not bad at all.I went with the Full Montagu, which was quite good but I probably should have gone with another sandwich more suited to my tastes (like something with bacon.. YES)The tomato soup was incredibly savory, service was fast and effective, facilties clean and food delicious.I'll be back for the home of the crown jewel of sandwiches!
4	OPEN 24 HRS.Of course you'll be out late in Las Vegas, but not all food places will be open as late. If you're near Planet Hollywood, stop by hear for some good sandwiches. LOCATED NEAR SECURITY BOOTH.
5	Great place, Great food!
5	Inside Planet Hollywood casino.  I went inside sometime during the week and it there was no line, ordered the Full Montagu, nice crispy toasted bread over the roast beef/turkey, such goodness!! $5.99 decent price for the taste/value.
5	BEST HOT SANDWICH PLACE in the world. Wished they had this place in CA too =( ...Everytime I hit Vegas I have to go to this place. So convenient too, centrally located on the strip in Planet Hollywood and open 24hrs/day!
5	Sandwiches were so fresh!
5	Amazing! ^_^  I got three sandwiches:1. The Full Montgu: The marriage of roast beef & turkey was just divine - my favorite of the three2. Hawaiian BBQ: Kinda tasted like a pizza...which isn't a bad thing but it was not my favorite sandwich of the night3. Italian: a good hearty cold cut sandwichThe chicken noodle soup was the perfect size for my palate and really hit the spot.  You just can't go wrong with chicken noodle soup...if ever there is a place that can mess that up, I will surely yelp about it. The line moved quickly; the staff was nice and the seating was spacious.  I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.  Happy happy happy...5 twinkling stars for Earl of Sandwich!
4	I hate hot sandwiches.  I love Earl of Sandwich. The bread was not over cooked so it was just warm and a little crispy.  Yummy.  I'd order the Earl Club and I'd pass on the bacon (the BLT).  The tuna melt looked amazing!  Service is quick and I'd have it for breakfast, lunch & dinner!  I will definately go again and again.
5	I love their food! their bread for the full montagu was amazing!
5	soooo good! this is the only place i want to eat when im in vegas. $5.99 hot sandwiches is a smokin deal. too bad there isn't a store inside wynn near xs. love the full montagu. crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. you can taste all the flavors of this neatly constructed sandwich. bring a friend to split a second sandwich cuz one won't be enough!
5	The Earl Club and Carribbean Jerk Chicken are amazing. $5.99 for the world's best sandwich, you can't go wrong here.
5	The sandwich lives up to the hype. If you like roast beef sandwiches then definitely go for "The Original"Bread is perfectly toasted. Roast beef is tender and, well, beefy. Drench it in Grey Poupon and wash it down with the beer you've been carrying around with you since you left the casino.
3	6 bucks for a decently sized sandwhich. The line was so long! We waited like, 7 minutes just to order.I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ chicken or whatever it was called. I got my sandwhich surprisingly quickly; way faster than at Subways. When I sat down to eat it though, I discovered I had a hair in my sammy. EWWWW! The workers there don't wear hair nets. Grossed out, I walked over to the cash register and asked for a replacement. They were busy, but very nice about it, and got my another one very quickly. The bread was cruchy and soft at the same time, and I thought that was definitely the highlight of the meal. The BBQ sause was entirely way too salty. They were kind of skimpy on the chicken. However I thought it was a good sandwich overall, I liked how the pineapple, ham, and the sauce worked together and the crunchy bread gave it texture. I only came here cause I was in Vegas and there aren't THAT many cheap easy fast options. I wouldn't go back to this place out side of the whole hungover Vegas situation.
5	We stayed at Planet Hollywood and I absolutely loved this place.  It was super convenient for us to grab a bite to eat! You have to try the Original and the Italian!!! yummmm
4	earl, you seriously saved my life this weekend... cheap sandwiches that are super yummy, for those who are too hungover/drunk to eat an actual meal. but let me send out a huge FUCK YOU to the extremely hostile guy working in the back!!! while my girls and I were waiting for our sandwiches on the side, he bristled past and said VERY rudely, "can you guys move this is a walkway" with a very strong "you're in my way I hate you so much" vibe. I've honestly never encountered that bad of an attitude from a stranger before, so I asked out loud, "what the hell?" and he CAME BACK OUT and exclaimed, "WHAT?!" like he was seriously about to fight me. I'm 5'2". WTF? I'm not your typical girl so he didn't scare me [I was almost ready to throw down thanks to the tequila in my system, but my girls stopped me haha] but I can imagine any other girl my size would be genuinely threatened by his tone. I hope your ass gets fired.
4	This sandwich place is a definite visit every time I go to Vegas! I know, it's $5 for a half sandwich, but it's so good! Their wait isn't too bad and there might not be enough tables & seats if it's at peak hour! (It's located in Planet Hollywood)
4	If you're by yourself, get the Full Montagu. If with someone, get the cannonballs. Both awesome sandwiches!
5	This place has some of my favorite sandwiches! I wish there was one of these near my house!Every time I'm in Vegas I always stop at Earl for lunch - I stick with the Earl's Club - but I've tried the full montague, the hawaiian bbq and several others and they're all delicious.  Oh, make sure you get the sauce on your sandwich, usually I never get sauce or spreads on my sandwiches because they're mostly loaded with fat but this sauce is awesome - it's the only place where I don't tell them to leave it off.I guess this place recently became popular, I've been stopping here for a few years and it was never all that busy.  I was there this weekend and all of a sudden there were huge lines.  Normally I hate standing in lines, but their sandwiches are so good that I thought it would be worth it....Bottom line - this is a great lunch spot in the middle of the strip and the sandwiches are all awesome.  Apparently you need to be ready to stand in line now though...
5	Oh Earl of Sandwich how delicious you are. Perfect if you're staying at Planet Hollywood. Best place to grab food after a looong night of clubbing since its 24 hours and is easy on the wallet. I would recommend the Montagu or the Club. The meat is good, and the bread is perfect.
3	I can't say I understand the gushing reviews but it was fine.  I got the tuna melt, it was fine, but nothing out of the ordinary.  As for the staff, not one person made eye contact or muttered a thank you, so that was one big negative for me.  Overall, if you're there grab a sandwich, the prices are reasonable, but no need to bring a pen to write home about it.
4	Mmm tomatoe soup. MMM good  food. I think this is the spot I hit up with the girls each time I come.. Now when is someone gonna open one in SF?
5	YEAH BABY THIS IS WHAT I LIKE!Seriously good sandwiches, fairly priced.  We ate here four times when in Vegas.  Losers perhaps, but two could eat really well for the price of one breakfast buffet,  I miss this place.  Open one in Scotland please!
4	Sandwiches shaped like a brick....* I would suggest coming here and not thinking something magical is going to happen once you bite into these sandwiches.  With the zillion reviews, mostly fabulous, one would probably think so. Nothing magical happened, but these were good and hit the spot!  For a 24 hour spot and price, I think this place is pretty good compared to the other places along the strip.* Avoid prime lunch and dinner hours of 12-1 and 5-6 if possible, unless you like waiting in long lines.* Open 24 hours.  NICE!* Carribean Jerk Chicken, Original 1762 and Tuna melt were deelish.  Crispy bread and just the right amount of filling.  Not too greasy.  Not too salty. I wasn't left feeling heavy and stuffed after.* Sandwiches come in one size, about the length of subway but a bit wider...like a brick!
3	Great sandwiches and service is efficient.Had the earls club which was great. The full montage was alright. This place is like a notch or two higher than your subway/quiznos.
5	I ate here 3 times on my last Vegas trip and have to agree with many other reviewers, the Tuna Melt is to die for .It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse not to visit The Earl and check into sandwich heaven.
5	Great sandwich......bring your own water....two thumbs up....way up...!!!
4	I I initially didn't want to come here because the bf used to eat here for lunch and had told me it 'wasn't worth waiting in that long ass line.' So i thought eh..I'd probably only come here if I was close by. And what do you know..I decided to go to Urban Outfitters this weekend and I no longer had an excuse not to eat here. So here's the rundown of our experience:The staff was organized,fast, and friendly. We didn't wait for our food for a long time, probably because it wasn't that busy. We sat on a table that was oddly placed by itself with one other table. And the food? Man I scarfed it down so fast I was almost ready to get another one..but opted to get potato salad instead. The sandwich I got was the tuna melt..minus the cheese, so it was basically a tuna sandwich. The bread was warm,crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. My only complaint was that they could've been a little more generous with the tuna, but it was no biggie. Oh and that potato salad was  oh so good. The bf got The Original which he actually enjoyed. He said it was a lot better than last time but could've used more au jus. All in all, we spent under 18 bucks, including water, and was fully satisfied with the meal. Would I say this is the best tuna sandwich I've ever had? Probably not. But the best tuna sandwich I've had in the strip so far? Absolutely!
5	AMAZING sandwiches :) They totally hit the spot because they are warm and toasty :) Very delicious. I wish they were a little bit bigger- they didn't fill me up though. I definitely could have eaten two of them, but still they were delicious :) Definitely a good, cheap, tasty sandwich spot. The caribbean jerk chicken is especially good and the caprese looked really tempting.
5	I couldn't understand how a sandwich was so hyped out of all things Las Vegas. Maybe it was the alcohol 5am munchies or exhaustion from the crazy night, but Earl of Sandwich did not disappoint. (The Bellagio brunch buffet did, though, just to give a comparison.) The line was not too bad compared to how it got 30 minutes after my group ordered. That put me in a real good mood since that's pretty much the only thing I lucked out during the entire trip):Looking at the brick of a sandwich, my first thought was, "I hope it's not greasy as it looks because I'm about to yak my guts out right now." And to my surprise, it was actually very light and exactly what I needed in the wee hours of the morning! The bread is amazing, and both the Caribbean Jerk and Hawaiian BBQ were great sandwiches. The sauces weren't overpowering and I didn't get a greasy residue all over my mouth that I usually end up with from panini-like toasted sandwiches. Next time, I wanna try the more "normal" sandwiches. I started to regret not getting the club sandwich (my fave) the next day just because I thought I can find great clubs anywhere :/It was here, though, these 2 creepers followed our group without saying a single word for the next hour inside Planet Hollywood, and that really freaked us out. Oh, Vegas boo.
5	Earl of Sandwich, I would walk the entire Strip just to get to you... and I have... multiple times. Cheap, quick, and delicious, Earl of Sandwich offers the best cure for late-night drunken hunger after clubbing.
5	This is by far, my FAVORITE SANDWICH place in the whole country (I think).  Too bad there are no locations near Orange County yet. But I think this chain originated from the original family where the word "Sandwich" gets its name...so, you know it has to be a good sandwich.  Every time I go to Vegas, I make at least one stop here.  I usually get their original and have them add tomato on it. The bread and roast beef are very good and tasty.  I have been going here for about 3 years now and never tire from the taste. If you want a light meal and are tired of the buffets, you should stop here when in LV. And this place is now 24 hours so that's a BIG plus for me!
3	I went here for the first time, and we had the Jerk Chicken and the Original based on previous yelp reviews.  The sandwiches were individually-wrapped and served pleasantly hot.  The bread was also quite good, mostly because it was freshly toasted.The Original had a healthy stack of roast beef topped with horseradish sauce and cheddar cheese, and it was the favorite of the two.  The beef had a nice chew to it, which I attribute to moisture and freshness, things that low-quality roast beef lack.  The toppings, not surprisingly, complemented the beef nicely.The Jerk Chicken was topped with a special sauce and banana peppers.  The chicken was a little disappointing, as it had the texture of the chicken in those microwavable, frozen meals.  I wouldn't be surprised if indeed the chicken WAS cooked, frozen, and simply reheated at the restaurant.  Nonetheless, the overall flavor was decent.We also had the tomato soup, which was a tasty bisque with crispy croutons.  While nothing surprising or elegant, the soup was delightfully reminiscent of chef boyardee.Overall, I felt that the food here tasted (and was) mass-produced, and thus it lacked nuance as well as freshness.  And, not surprisingly, the lines were long.  Nonetheless, it was satisfying sober, so I can only imagine how dreamy it would be drunk (yup, that alliteration was intended).Bottom line:  Food here is produced for the masses.  I would eat here again, although honestly, if a Subway opened up next door, I would face a serious dilemma.
4	Sandwiches--what could you not love about that?We ordered:-Full Montagu: It's pretty good if you're a roast beef fan.-Caribbean Chicken: It was alright. Too much mayo for me.-Turkey Club: yums! it has bacon in it. Need I say more?Highlights :-hot and toasty bread. mm!-Free WI-FI! I have AT&T, so if you're on the same boat then you must know how awesome it is to have this spot.-Fountain drinks with free refills-Open 24 Hours-Really friendly cashier!
4	Earl of Sandwich always hits the spot, and is easy on the wallet as well. The sandwiches are super fresh and are served quickly! My favorite is the full montagu -plenty of roast beef, super fresh warm perfectly baked bread, and oozing cheese. Definitely recommended.
4	Absolutely delicious sandwiches!! Earl, where have you been all my life?!I shared the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the Tuna Melt with my friend. I was surprised at how amazingly good it was! And it's really because of the warm, toasted slightly crunchy bread! Their bread is amazing! Why can't more sandwich places make their bread like that?! I'm usually not a tuna melt fan but this one converted me into a lifetime tuna melt lover. But I admit, I started getting kinda sick of it after eating half the sandwich because it was a little on the heavy side. I'm just one of those people who need veggies in their sammies. Don't let the long lines scare you into walking away. The line moves quick with their fast assembly line sandwich making skills and your order will be out before you know it!They're also open 24 HOURS so you can satisfy your cravings for lunch, dinner, or a late night snack after a long night of clubbing or gambling. Perfection! Tip: if you can't decide between 2 sandwiches, get 1 kind while your friend gets the other. They come already sliced in half so it's perfect for sharing!
4	yes, the montagu is the shiznits. great price, open 24 hours.This is my go-to place for food when I'm on a budget, I need something off hours, and I have no dining plans. The holiday sandwich is also really good. We usually stick to the Montagu and the Holiday. Located in Planet Hollywood.
5	I had to check out what everyone in Las Vegas was babbling about, and the babbles were 100 percent accurate!! I was expecting regular sandwiches, and in one of the previous reviews that I have read, these sandwiches were actually compared to Capriotti's!WHEN: It is open 24 hours so you have no excuse to not get up and try it!!WHERE: Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood, right across from the Sugar Factory.WHAT: Knowing this, I took my first bite into The Earl Club, and the first bite was all I needed to know that this was truly going to be one of my favorite sandwich joints. It hit the spot right away, haha! The flavors all intermingled inside of  artesian bread created a PARTY IN MY MOUTH! I couldn't get enough, so I came back the next day excited to try another sandwich! This time I tried the Tuna Melt. OMG, I felt like I tasted PARADISE! This is the best tuna melt I have ever tasted!! Beautifulness! Its simplicity was all that was needed to be the best on my list!Besides the sandwiches, I liked the Iced Tea Lemonade! It is something different, but different is good sometimes! =DMy newfound goal is to try all of the sandwiches here!! LOL Another thing, incomparable to Capriotti's for sure SON!WHY: IF YOU HAVE NOT TRIED THE SANDWICHES HERE YET, YOU NEED TO TRY IT FOR YOURSELF INSTEAD OF READING MY FLUFFED UP REVIEW. LOL, THE FLUFF WAS SO NECESSARY!! ENJOY. =)
5	Oh Earl (of sandwich), how is it we have never met until now???Walked into PH and there was a long line for lunch. Wasn't discouraged though because the line moves pretty quickly.I ordered the Earl Club and my bf ordered the jerk chicken. The club was DELICIOUS! It is probably one of the best hot sandwiches I have ever had! The jerk chicken was also good, the flavors were more bold, but not as appetizing as the club in my opinion. The sandwiches are small for the price, but they are worth it!There's plenty of tables to eat, but when its busy, you might have trouble finding a table in the restaurant area itself, but you can always walk around the shopping center and find some place to eat.If you are in Vegas and need to grab a quick meal, grab a sandwich! You won't be disappointed!
5	Hands down the best sandwich I have ever had in my LIFE! I couldn't wait to get back home from Vegas to write this review. I stayed at the Monte Carlo and I was walking around with the group I was with. They wanted to do some shopping in Planet Hollywood and I was hungry, but didn't want to eat anything that I have back at home. I stumbled across this place and saw the different types of sandwiches they had. When I got up to the cashier, I asked him how big the sandwich was b/c 5.99 is a pretty good price for a sandwich. For someone that eats a lot, their 6 inch subs hit the spot. I got a tuna melt and have been hooked ever since. I saw a sign that they were 24 hours, so what did I do when I was hungry after a late night clubbing adventure? I made a Earl of Sandwich run...lol. I've only tried their Tuna Melt and can't say enough about the sandwich. Their oatmeal raisin cookies were pretty awesome too. I'm really upset that the nearest location to me is in Orlando, FL. They're in really random locations and I wish they built one here in Charlotte, NC. They would do well here and run Jersey Mikes/Quiznos/Jimmy Johns out of business. Earl of Sandwich for the win!!!!!!!!!
5	Earl of Sandwich, how I miss you already! I only left Vegas yesterday and already I need a fixing! Why dont you exist in New York?All I have to say is:Carribean Jerk Sandwich: YUMMMMM!Bacon Egg and Cheddar: YUMMMM!Even the coffee [I am a VERY picky coffee drinker]: YUM, YUM, AND YUM!
4	The roast beef sandwich is amazing!  Loaded with plenty of shaved roast beef, cheese, and horseradish sauce.  The sandwich is nicely toasted to give it the perfect crust on the outside, the bread is amazingly delicious.  For $5.99 it's the best cheap eat in Vegas!  It's really good after a long night at the casino or bars.  Best thing is that it's open 24 hrs...so party the night away and stop by for a quick bite to re-fuel, then get back to the party!
5	EARL OF SANDWHICHLooking for some cheap(er) foods in Las Vegas after spending it all on gambling, shows, and buffets? The Earl of Sandwich can help! Located in Planet Hollywood, it is one of the cheapest and best foods that Las Vegas can offer! The sandwiches are only $5.99, which is half the price of anything else found in the City of Sin! We had the:The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce (healthy and delicious)Caribbean Jerk Chicken - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce (spicy with a pinch of sourness)The sandwiches here are one of the best I've ever had. Once you've had some here, it makes Togos, Subways, and Quiznos taste like secondary citizens. Great thing about this place: it's open 24 hours, so when you're up gambling the night away, have one on the Earl! The Earl knows sandwiches... he did create them, in the first place! The choices are numerous, but the taste? They all taste great!!! The crispiness of the bread and the meats is mouthwatering!
5	This may be my favorite sandwich place ever. I had the veggie hot sandwich and it was soooo good. And with the Mediterranean flair it had, definitely a nice change from regular veggie sandwiches. This location is open 24 hours a day, perfect for Vegas. At any point in time you can stop by for a cheap, filling, delicious sandwich. I'm going to Vegas next week, and I know for sure I'm stopping by at least once!
3	tasty and reasonably priced sandwiches. definitely worth a visit.The Earl Club: - a basic yet filling turkey bacon sub - nothing out of the ordinary The Full Montagu: ***personal fav*** - roast beef and turkey is a great combo - earl mustard makes sandwich even betterItalian: - an awesome hearty sandwich - very bold and savory pizza-like tasteAll of the sandwiches come on their special artisan baked loaf which reminded me of a lighter more luscious ciabatta. the desserts were extremely tempting but i was too excited to try the variety of sandwiches we ordered.its hard to find a cheap yet delicious establishment along the strip so when we came across this place we were pleasantly surprised. the storefront and staff were well kept making it more inviting to sample their delicious sandwiches. not only was the storefront and staff presentable but the wrapping of the sandwich was like no other. the light gold foil coated the sandwich perfectly. visuals + taste + price = awesome * 10
5	so yum! one of the best sandwiches I've ever tried!
5	De-Freaking-licious! As you can tell by the nearly 1000 reviews at 4.5 stars.I wish I could go back and have another sandwich right now, but for sure the next time I'm having the munchies after the clubs in Vegas, I will be going to Earl's because it's open 24 hours! woohoo! Kinda wish I had read the reviews on what to order first, but I just went with what I was feeling at the moment, which was something not too crazy salty/heavy and I stuck with the Earl Club. Loved it! Your basic club sandwich, but with a chipotle-y sauce and bread that's so soft, warm, yet slightly crunchy that it makes me want to cry. Their bread is amazing! I don't know how they do it, but it reminds me of Mendocino Farm's bread where it looks like the roof of your mouth is going to get some torture scraping against the tops of the bread (which I hate!!), but noooo....surprisingly it's super soft and good!I also ordered the tomato soup, which I think might have been perfect for sharing because after half a sandwich, finishing the soup wasn't that easy--especially since it's hearty, creamy, and has crunchy bread croutons in it. I'm not usually a tomato soup person, but this really hit the spot.Also thumbs up on the prices. Not gonna break your bank for being a major hot spot in Vegas. Love it!
5	Who wants to constantly spend $20+ on food in a city like Las Vegas? Thanks to this place you don't have to. You also bite into the most wonderful hot sandwich of your life. They live up to their slogan. Now I can buy another $10 chip to lose thanks to Earl. I don't even want to call these things sandwiches because it just doesn't do them justice. These aren't sandwiches. These are Earls. Get used to it. I started with the Hawaiian BBQ. If OMG was a taste, this would be it.Caribbean Jerk was intense.
5	No matter how long or where I am in Las Vegas I will walk/run/crawl/gallop to Earl of Sandwich. This place is the best for lunch in Vegas dont care who you are or how much cash is in your bank account.
5	I will never go to Vegas again without eating here at least once.  Got the Full Montagu and was seriously tempted to order another one.  My girlfriend got the Tuna Melt and I was also tempted to order one of those.  Definitely one of the best tuna melts I've ever tried.  Many tuna melts are too greasy, but this one was not greasy at all.  I considered skipping all the other restaurants I had planned to visit and just eat at Earl's for every meal.  My girlfriend doesn't eat a lot and got full about halfway through her sandwich, but she continued to eat anyway because it was so good.  And when a picky eater who doesn't eat much to begin with keeps eating even after getting full, you know the food has to be good!Earl's, PLEASE COME TO CALIFORNIA!!!
5	Full Montagu was sex in my mouth.
4	Great sandwiches. Got me two because I liked the first one and wanted something to nibble on the airplane back.The Original 1762 was my favorite. The roast beef just peels right off on every bite. And it came with the right amount of horseradish sauce. The bread wasn't greasy, there were no oil marks on my hands. Comes packaged that looks like a brick, so it's portable and you don't have to worry about sauces oozing out or anything. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=9ra0lc9u_tMiLh9A4l9efwThe same goes for my Earl's Club. Turkey, bacon, and swiss cheese in the same cohesive brick sandwich format. Again, bread was awesome. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=CRdDcUu4iZJn7E0Gpqsv8wFor a relatively cheap lunch/dinner out in Vegas, then this place will suit your needs. For under $7 a sandwich, it's good enough to get you going and you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. It's open 24 hours a day, so if you have those late night cravings, then this place has the sandwiches right there. Be prepared for the long lines during rush hour.
5	I am an avid sandwich lover - so I've had many a sandwich in my day! On Friday night, when we were too lazy to wait in line for Marquee we headed over to PH for some Fat Tuesdays and Earls. At Earls we got the: The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich SauceAll American - Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma TomatoesItalian - Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato (Peppers Optional)I also tried a bite of my friends' tuna sandwich and chicken salad - both DELICIOUS as well! ALL THREE WERE SO SO GOOD! Well the Italian was a little salty (but go figure) and I don't really like cranberries in my sandwiches. But I ate it anyways. The bread is absolute divine. And there's enough sauce ratio that the sandwich isn't dry but it isn't soggy either. Earl of Sandwich was so good that before we left we cabbed it to PH and got some for the road. I ordered The Earl's Club again. And I had it on Monday actually (the other half). Popped it into the microwave for 1 minute. Still as delicious as when it was freshly made. MUST TRY IN VEGAS! And plus, it's not too expensive either.
3	The Sandwhiches here are good Given the circumstances....1. Location and price: You're in the middle of Miracle Mile Shops here people, ish is expensive everywhere you look and the sandwiches here are decently priced for anywhere on the Las Vegas Strip.2. Other Nearby Choices: usually tend to be not the greatest in quality or taste. These sandwiches are made with good bread and tasty meats and condiments. other choices within walking distance are just not as good.3. Open 24 Hours: This place has great reviews at first glance, and Yeah, ok...the sandwiches are good, but is it one of the best sandwiches I've ever had?? No way! Is it in the top 3? Definitely not! How about the top 10 at least?...maybe if I was drunk.oh what? It just hit me. How many of the people who reviewed this joint probably stumbled here after getting out of the clubs and ate a sandwich while pissing their pants drunk? Probably aaaa lot!And we all know food taste better 3 ways. When you're stoned and when you're drunk. or when you're outdoors camping/bbq'ing.Since the later is just not possible inside a casino resort and I don't get stoned, that only leaves drunk. This sandwich would taste amazing drunk. so I guess my point is, eat here drunk.
3	Hard to review this place.  I'd like to give it a 3.5For what it is, a fast paced sandwich joint, its very good, deserves a 4, but for being a must go to destination on the vegas strip, only a 3.  Went here for a quick lunch.  I ordered the hawaiian bbq, and my friend ordered the carribean jerk.  Both sandwiches were very good, decent size, good price, and nice and warm.If your looking for a quick lunch and by the miracle shops, try it out.
4	I had the full Montagu - roasted beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce.The bread was freshly baked, moist, and slightly toasted, just the way it should be. The ingredients are very good considering the price (ony $5.99 for a reasonably sized sandwich).
4	This is going to be a short review because I was drunk when we came here and I don't remember much but I'm sure mostly everyone that comes here at 2am is pretty drunk and just looking for something to satisfy there late-night-drunk-munchies.I can't remember what sandwiches we got (I told you, I was drunk and I don't remember much) but I do remember loving every single bite! I kept saying "This is amazing!" after every other bite and the boyfriend saying "umm-hmm" with his mouth full agreeing with me.:)
5	bomb.com
3	I was debating between The Full Montagu and The Earl's Club.  My dining companion decided to get The Earl's Club and I'd get The Full Montagu and we could try the other person's sandwich.  I thought The Full Montagu was just okay.  It could be because I'm not much of a roast beef person (why I got it, I don't know lol) and it was too much meat.  It was definitely very filling.  I had a bite or two of The Earl's Club and liked it better than my sandwich.  Bottom line: These aren't the best sandwiches I've ever had, but what I tasted of The Earl's Club was good enough to make me want to come back and order that next time.  I probably would have gotten it on this visit had I known that the turkey and bacon combination works for this sandwich.  (I like turkey sandwiches and bacon in general but have never had the two together.)Also, don't be put off by the long line or how full the restaurant may look.  The line goes pretty fast, the food comes out quickly, and there's a good turnover of tables.
5	I hate rare meat. The whole thought of blood grosses me out like nobody's business. I ordered the Original (roast beef, chedder and creamy horseradish). When I opened it up, there it was: rare roast beef soaking the bread with its nasty blood juice...ewwwww! Are you effing kidding me?! I closed my eyes and devoured one of the most delicious sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life. They made a rare meat hater like me a fan with one delicious bite. This place warrants 5 stars for the mere fact that they are open 24 hours. Earl of Sandwich, I love you.
4	The line is always long, but it goes by really quickly. This place is good for a quick, cheap bite when you're in Vegas. I had the Full Montagu, which was ok. I also had a bite of All American, which had too strong of the cranberry sauce taste (which I hate), so I didn't like that one. I've definitely had better sandwiches. I'd go again just because it fills you up for a long time and it is super cheap! All sandwiches for $5.99.
5	If you want a hot, steamy, and juicy sandwich this is the place to be.Me and a group of girls came here after a long night of dancing.  We were all quite hungry and this place is open 24 hours.  Sweet!  The line was a little long, but they're pretty quick with giving out the sandwiches.I really enjoyed the one I ordered.  The cranberries and the turkey basically melt in your mouth on The American Sandwich.  I usually don't like hot sandwiches, but this one definitely changed my perspective.  I forgot how good melted cheese can taste on a sandwich.I'd come back here again and again if I could.  Next time I'm in the city of sin, i'm going to indulge on a heavenly sandwich.
5	I had the original 1762.  I have never had a better sandwich... Ever
4	had the cannonball sandwich it was great
5	Where have you been all my life Earl?!This place was crackin' at 4:30 in the morning with all the drunkies fiending for the quick deliciousness.Seriously people...best.....sandwich.....ever.  We took a cab from the club to get here before we went back to our hotel on the other side of Vegas.Pasta salad, yum.  Macaroni salad, yum x5, turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce on crunchy toasted bread, in my stomach as fast as I could shove it down my throat.
5	Surprisingly of the best sandwiches I've eaten. The bread is the kicker. I ordered the Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich. Even though it barely resembled jerk chicken, I still really enjoyed it.
4	Soo good. I got the Club (turkey, bacon, swiss, tomato, lettuce and some sauce). Only thing is I forgot to tell my bf to ask if I could get mine not toasted or hot since I don't really like hot sandwiches. I still enjoyed it.
5	By far one of, if not the best sandwich I have ever had.  A buddy of mine actually had one sandwich a day for the 3 days we were in Vegas!I could tell this place was happening when I saw the long line but it moved quite quickly. I ended up ordering, "Italian - Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato."  When I ordered they sent me over to another cashier area to pay then they gave me a buzzer to let me know when my sandwich was ready.  I thought why no other sandwich place does this. It makes sense if you think of it since people get confused what the hell they order half the time.  My wait was about 5-10 minutes which was not bad.  After biting into my sandwich and all the juices oozing out, this was a perfectly toasted and tasting sandwich. All the meat and cheese were melted just right. They need to have more locations, especially in Los Angeles. This might be the first place I go back to once I come back to Las Vegas.
5	Dear Earls,Why oh why have you not opened a shop in orange county yet? This place is simply amazing. I spent four days in Vegas last week and I visited Earl's at least 5. Come to think of it, I probably spent more time here than I did in my hotel room! Between my boyfriend and I we tried 7 of the 13 hot sandwiches they offer. They were all amazing but the best by far (in my opinion) was the "Hawaiin BBQ" and the "Caprese" sandwiches. Another reason this place rocks is because they are open 24 hours a day. Whether you coming to Earls to enjoy a nice lunch or you stumble upon this place in a drunken stupor, it will not disappoint. I will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Just how good is an Earls Sandwich?? Short answer is, yes friends, it is good and you should try it!The long answer of it all is that it will not be as ridiculously amazing as everyone hypes it up to be on yelp, but it is unarguably a good and delicious sandwich. What makes an Earls sandwich even better is that everything is made fresh to order, its available 24/7, and in a city where all your money goes to dealers, alcohol and strippers, you'll certainly appreciate the affordability of an Earls sandwich to fill that hungry belly.My two personal favorites here are The Full Montagu and Tuna Melt. But there isn't exactly a wrong choice of sandwiches here. I've tried The Original 1762, Earl's Club, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, All American, Ham n Swiss, Caprese, and Italian and while some taste better than others, they're all in the end very good. Also if you have some spare change in your pocket, I really recommend Earl's Slaw -- crisp and refreshing and not bogged down with too much mayo. Chocolate chip cookies here are really good too--it's the giant, soft, chewy kind, yum!!So my advice to future Earl-goers, do come with an expectation of getting a delicious sandwich, but don't expect the sandwich of a lifetime.
5	Great food and quick service. Best sandwich shop I've tried out here.
5	Love this place! Open 24 hours, on the strip, and cheap!! (5.99 gets you a good size sandwich, enough for one person or even to share with two).Don't let the long line scare you .. it can wrap around to the end of the restaurant towards the hallways of the shopping center, it moves pretty fast. You can even go up to the counter to grab their menu to look at while you're in line.From the reviews, i setteled on the Montagu and the boy settled on their cajun chicken. Very tasty. The bread was super delicious, enough crunch but soft as well. We also grabbed a berry parfait, overpriced for what it is so just stick the sandwiches.
5	The best sandwich I have ever eaten... in Vegas.  Even though it's the only sandwich I've ever eaten in Vegas, I'm sure it will reign as the best one there.  I ordered a hot turkey and bacon sandwich. Their sandwiches are a little on the small side but you can order 3 an it's still a whole lot cheaper than losing a hand of blackjack at the tables.I didn't know it was open 24 hours...  I hope someone opens one in the Bay Area.
5	omg i wish there was an Earl's across from my house.the pastrami sandwich... A+++++++++++++that's all i have to say.delicious sandwiches at its finest.
5	We kept bumming around in our hotel room in Encore and couldn't decide where to eat; my gf wanted to go to Serendipity 3 but I wasn't too amused by the 3 star yelp rating.  So we decided to walk down to Planet Hollywood at 10:30pm toward Earl's which was open 24 hours but was like 7 hotels down (Encore-Wynn-Venetian-A bunch of ones I forgot/Flamingo/Imperial Palace) and finally got there, and we were like "this BETTER be good."  The sandwiches were on the smaller side, but a decent amount, and we tried the Pot roast and the turkey.  They were toasted and fresh, and the turkey had fresh ingredients and a crisp flavor with tomato/lettuce/cheese and some tangy sauce.  I personally really liked the pot roast, which was very juicy and tender, while the juices did not sog up the crisp and chewy bread.  We discussed that it just takes some fresh ingredients, good bread, and good meat to make a good sandwich; Earl of Sandwich definitely got it right.   Being that this place is not all that pricey (if you were really hungry you could order 2 x $5.99 sandwiches for $12 total, which is cheap compared to some other places in Vegas).  The "Loaded Potato" soup is really good too, reminded us of creamy clam chowder with potatoes instead of clams.
4	Fast service, amazing bread, and free refills on drinks! Sandwiches are around $7 and you honestly can't beat that price when you're in Vegas, especially for the quality of sandwich you're getting.I don't recommend their salads. Tried and recommend:Caribbean Jerk ChickenClubFull Montague
5	This little sandwich place sits at the corner in Planet Hollywood, and that is probably the only thing bad about this place is that it is small and always packed. There is always a line when I pass through or go here. I ordered the Italian and some chicken soup. Damn! that soup was freaking good, I wanted more and more, it's not a huge bowl of soup but it will do considering it's Vegas, plus the prices at this place aren't that bad at all, I wish I had an Earl of Sanwiches at the Rio when I was there instead of the sports deli. The Italian is pretty good, my friend ordered the caribbean jerk, amazing! Definitely make a stop here next time your in Vegas, sandwiches are made quick and hot, it's not hard on the wallet and even if your balling out of control, you should still go here and grab a sandwich or a soup.Best sandwich place in Vegas fasho.
5	Super yummy! i crave their food, especially the day after drinking really hits the spot! There is normally a long line, but it moves somewhat fast, and its worth it! Delicious toasted sandwiches!! Good price especially considering its vegas. YUM!! Ive tried the caprese, the club, and full montague, all have been amazing!! Simply the best!!
4	awesome hot sandwich place :) decent prices, quick service, and good tasting food.i even liked their packaged foods like their potato salad and macaroni salad. i have also tried their chicken caesar salad which is just as good as the sandwiches
5	+1 because I LOVE YOU VEGAS!!!! ;)Whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas right? Everything but my review of this sandwich joint, of course! :)I have tried the Caribbean sandwhich here out of recommendation, but it was a no-go for me. It probably along the lines of something too salty. BUT, alas!!!! My FAVORITE sandwich here of ALL TIME is the All American sandiwch!!! It consists of  Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma Tomatoes. CRANBERRIES + TURKEY = LOVE!The buttermilk ranch tops everything off very nicely and completes this sandwich. Even better, it is only around $6! I love how fast the line goes, how quick they service you, and how fulfilling this is!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! Open one near me!!!!
4	if youre in vegas and you need a fast eat.. earl is the place to go.located in planet hollywood. open 24 hours.top picks: the club and the tuna meltokay: the full montagu
4	I just rode 7 hours in a car from Los Angeles through Memorial Day traffic.I just had to sneak a ton of luggage and sleeping bags past the front desk to the janky elevator of our hotel.... And finally I just ran about a mile on the Strip to get a Fat Tuesday before they closed.Now I'm super hungry and tipsy and I want food.Arrived at Earl with my entourage and picked me up a Hawaiian BBQ sandwich with grilled chicken and pineapple. DELICIOUS! I have to say even though the fillings were crazy good, the bread was definitely a standout which was a thought echoed across the rest of my table.This will definitely become my come-back-to-spot in Vegas for quick late night and lunch bites!
5	24 hours, nothing bad on the menu, super cheap... I was in Vegas for three days and had four sandwiches. Oh, and they have HP sauce on every table. They know what's up.
5	MMM... I was so bummed that I didn't get a chance to try Earl's the first time I was in Vegas, so I made sure I tried it out this weekend.Don't let the long line fool you. Ordering is fast and sandwiches are made in a quick and efficient manner. I tried the Earl's Club and the Hawaiian BBQ and mmm... so warm and toasty! Perfect portion size and perfect amount of ingredients in each sandwich.Aww... now I wish I tried snagging a sandwich before my flight back home. :(
5	My first impression was (after hearing everyone and their moms rave about the sandwiches), "Really, a sandwich? How amazing can a sandwich really be?"The answer is: it was AMAZING.A-ll the rave really exists for a reason. Located in Planet Hollywood, you could easily pass by this place not knowing its grand existence if you weren't aware of their famous sandwiches. But once you try it you might be so impressed you won't know how to react.M-eat meat meat. The roasted beef was a shocker to my mouth. How could something that looks so simple taste so smooth and delicious? Perfectly soft, perfectly chewy, and just enough flavor that only an Earl's can achieve.A-nd after all that I was thrown off by another memorable discovery. The bread. Warm, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, and the most perfectly toasted crust gently surrounding the outsides of my sandwich.Z-ero complaints.I-n Vegas, the party goes on...all night long. That's why they're open 24 hours for your eating pleasure.N-ext time I'm in Vegas, I am stocking up! Great to have on the roadtrip back home. Does anyone know how I can preserve these babies so I can have a stash of them to eat until my next trip to Vegas?G-oogle image "Earl of Sandwich" and you will see a man named Earl Montagu who apparently "invented" the sandwich. Fun fact, the 11th Earl of Sandwich still operates this empire!The lasting impression? "First thing to eat when I go to Vegas, last thing to eat before I leave Vegas."
3	I need to visit this place and again update my review. So I'm just going to give it 3 stars for now. Until then I might have 4 stars. who knows. I forgot how it tasted like. I ordered the Montague sandwich. At first I kinda liked it, but when I had a taste of my friend's Carribean Jerk sandwich, my sandwich failed. That's all I could remember. All of my friends loved this place. I want to, too but I gotta eat it again because my poor memory can't make a decision as of now. Hope this review was somewhat helpful folks! =P
5	THE HYPE IS TRUE.Take it from me, a girl who doesn't give a sh*t about sandwiches or burgers (they are good don't get me wrong but I could care less for them) Earl of Sandwich has really turned my world upside down and inside out with their hot sandwiches.We had seconds, thirds, and ordered some to go...that's how amazing they were. Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the All American. Go for it! You won't be disappointed, in fact you'll wonder why you lived your life without ever knowing such good food could exist.I will truly die from happiness if SOMEHOW an Earl of Sandwich were to open somewhere in Northern California... preferably SF...AHEM hahaha but anyway, I vow to always come here every trip I make to Vegas...for the rest of my life.Might I also add they are open 24hrs here? F*CK I regret not coming here every damn day of my trip!Thank you Earl of Sandwich for an amazing food experience!
4	Hey, so one of the greatest things about PH is that its got EARL OF SANDWICH. Open 24 hours to satisfy your lunch, 2 dinners, and drunk munchies needs. Did you know that the sandwich was named after a man who was the Earl of Sandwich? Wikipedia says: It was named after John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, an 18th-century English aristocrat... It is said that he ordered his valet to bring him meat tucked between two pieces of bread... It is said that Lord Sandwich was fond of this form of food because it allowed him to continue playing cards, particularly cribbage, while eating without getting his cards greasy from eating meat with his bare hands.If Wikipedia said it, it must be true.Caribbean Jerk Chicken is absolutely splendid, though you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Bread is freshly made and toasted, meat is meaty and plentiful, and sauces and other sandwich toppings perfectly complement the bread and meat to form the perfect sandwich.My mission is to eat every single sandwich on the menu.
4	I went to Vegas for a weekend in May, and all told I spent less than $300.  I made a little money playing poker, so I only left $170 in Sin City.  That's for food, gas, hotel, everything.One of the reasons I was able to do this was that I got two meals out of Earl of Sandwich for a grand total of $6.48.  My car got to Vegas hours before our friends, so we decided to have a cheap, casual dinner.  I did a quick search on Yelp, and this place came up with its hundreds of reviews.Earl of Sandwich is in Planet Hollywood, a kind of funny theme hotel if you know anything about Los Angeles.  I find it amusing that the mall is billed as the Miracle Mile Shops, as if the Miracle Mile is a glamorous shopping mecca in L.A.  Even Earl of Sandwich is out of place - it's a chain restaurant, but there isn't a single branch in California.Don't be alarmed that it's a chain.  It's a step up from Quizno's (though I like Quizno's, and Subway, too), and I appreciated its impressive efficiency.  There was a short line to order, but once we got our orders in, we sat down with our buzzers.  They started buzzing while we were getting water, and our food was hot and ready within five minutes of arrival.I ordered the Full Montagu with roast beef, turkey, aged swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mustard sauce.  I had half for dinner and half for lunch the next day - I never went hungry, and the sandwich reheated great.  It was really tasty, with good ingredients and plenty of them.  I also tried some of my friends' orders - the Italian sandwich and the Earl's Cobb.  The Italian was maybe even better than the Montagu, with a meatfest of salami, capicola, ham, and mortadello, topped with mozzarella, roma tomato, and a zesty Italian dressing.  Peppers were optional and delicious.  Even the salad was pretty good.  It wasn't a deprivation salad - it came with plenty of grilled chicken and bacon, swiss and cheddar cheese, and a buttermilk ranch dressing.  But it also had plenty of greens and tomato, cucumber, and cranberries.If you're in Vegas for the full Vegas experience, go balls out, hit Robuchon, whatever you want.  But it's nice to know that you can eat something good for $5.99 and tax.  I love a good sandwich, and the Earl delivers.
4	While everything in Vegas seems to have become sky high in regards to cost, pretense, image, etc. it's nice to find a place on the strip in a busy, happening casino which gives you exactly what they appear to be selling... good eats - fast and cheap. Hubby and I hit up Earl twice on our visit for midnight snacks and both times we were beyond satisfied. The sandwiches are a decent size - one plus a side will definitely be enough to tide you over throughout the night.If I remember correctly (those hangovers don't come outta nowhere people!), we had the Italian, BLT and the Full Montagu (over a two night period) and I believe the Italian was my favorite. I really like the potato salad here too.The line does go fast... seriously. And once you order, it's only minutes till your chow is ready to go. I'd give an extra point if they had cold sandwiches. Sorry, that's just how I like 'em. Otherwise this is a solid spot for a late night snack.
4	Cheap. Fast. Good.Open 24 hours, located in Planet Hollywood.For less than $10 you can get yourself a yummy, and very freshly made sandwich.Try the TUNA MELT or the TURKEY CLUB.If you're more health conscious, you can go for a WRAP or SALAD.  So many choices for those on a budget.
4	Yellow golden bricks of heaven is what i like to call them.  I'm typically not too fond of sandwiches but I've eaten at Earl's for several years every time I'm at planet and they never fail me.  I usually order the Full Montague or Original along with a tomato soup.  The soup can tip you over a bit because the portions are definitely not small.
4	I have to admit that their sandwiches are good. No matter it be at 2am, 12 noon or the next day after. Trust me, I had to take them to go from my trip in vegas. The next day i toasted it in the toaster oven and delish! But i would say for the price my fav sandwich spot is still Santoro's in burbank!  Hot pastrami sandwich is the bomb with all the fixings plus some!
4	When walking around Vegas and you want a quick, cheap eat ... this place was solid ... some sammiches were very good and all were A-OK.Five stars? Really? Come on folks.  As good a sandwich as you've had??It's a Cosi.  Or a Quisnos.
5	It's not that the Earl of Sandwich makes the best food on the Strip -- far from it.  Of course, the freshly par-baked bread is super hot and soft, and the fillings are generous and deliciously melted together in a fashion that will delight drunken and sober tastebuds alike.  However, the Earl of Sandwich deserves five stars for the fact that it is a cheap, fast, and delicious place to grab a bite at any time of the day.  Las Vegas seems to suffer from an excess of medium expensive restaurants that boast fancy-pants menus that aren't anything special, and this restaurant is just a refreshing, tasty alternative to that.  This place looks like a fast food type chain (in fact, after examining their website I see that they are an international chain, and they most definitely need to open a shop in Los Angeles), but don't be fooled by the ultra-reasonable menu and the assembly line of workers: these sandwiches are def the real deal.  When I came here, I split a ham and cheese and an original roast beef with my friends: both sandwiches were excellent, with a nice tanginess from the mustard on the ham and cheese, and a very mild kick from the horseradish sauce on the roast beef.  The sandwiches were a nice size, although the boys in our group wanted two each for dinner.  At a little over $5 a pop, though, you'll still have plenty left in your pockets for the slot machine.  It's also open late at night -- a perfect post-club snack spot!
5	I've been going to Earl's since it first opened.  This is my go to spot in Vegas.  Their sandwiches are so cheap and their bread is amazing.  I could eat here for days.  If only there was an earl's in California.My faves are cannon ball. and tuna melt.  their tomato bisque soup is good too!This place is soo good, that my friends spotted Lebron James and Chris Paul eating here!!
3	I was very excited to try Earl of Sandwich after always passing by it in the Planet Hollywood and seeing such great reviews on yelp. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to all the hype. It was a mediocre sandwich at best, not worthy of being wrapped in gold.I tried the Italian and the lady got a turkey sandwich. Both were ok, but I think that Quiznos is better and that's not saying much. Maybe if I didn't have such high expectations for it, I might have liked it better but it let me down.It got 3 stars because it's cheap food on the strip that's open late.
4	I'm so glad I tried Earl of Sandwich. We ordered the Ham and Swiss, Full Montagu (Yelper's popular pick), and the Earl's Club Sandwich. Sandwiches were nicely made and wrapped in gold foil. The sandwiches were freshly toasted, with the size equivalent to a 6 inch Subway sandwich. Everyone was satisfied with the sandwiches they ordered and I'll make sure to keep this place in tab next time I go to Vegas. I don't know about the macaroni salad, but it was creamy so I would pass on it. It gets busy and crowded at times, but the person who took our order looked like she hated her job. That's not gonna bother me anyway, as long as I enjoy my sandwich. :) It's open 24 hours for your convenience too!
5	Everyone has a love at Earl's mine is tuna melt. Go find yours..
5	Finally got to try Earl of Sandwich after hearing so many good things about it! Let me just say, it definitely lives up to its hype.I've only been here once, but that's all it took. Their sandwiches are definitely delicious! I ordered The Original 1762 (roast beef, cheese, and horseradish sauce) and it was amazing. My sister tried their Veggie sandwich and she seemed to really like it. My mom tried the All American, but she said the cranberries in it made it too sweet, they put too much in the sandwich, and just ruined it for her. My dad had the Full Montague and he said it was pretty good. I think what makes their sandwiches so good though, is their BREAD. It's super fresh! Another plus is that they're open 24 hours, so it's perfect for all the late night munchies. My sister told me the last time she went to Vegas, Earl of Sandwich was all she and her friends ate!You MUST try this place when you go to Vegas! Thank you, Planet Hollywood :)
4	yea, i thought this place was going to suck (it's on the strip), so I had my suck face on, but after the first couple of bites, I had my non-suck face on.what more needs to be said after 1K reviews
5	Being a fan of Disney World, I frequent Disney message boards, and always heard chatter about the Downtown Disney location. Little did I know that this was a chain and they had one in Las Vegas, so I knew I had to try it out.And I am so happy that I did. Such a seemingly simple little sandwich but it is packed with flavor. I went here three times on my three day trip to Vegas. Each time I got the Original 1762 and each time it was delicious. The sandwiches are a bit on the small side (for a big boy like me) but still mouthwateringly good. The beef on the sandwich was delicious, the horseradish sauce was the perfect accompaniment and the bread was soft, warm and delicious.  I really want to go back there now.
5	bonus... located right across from Sugars.  :Dwe came per suggestion of Michelle E.  and actually went with her on her second trip.. [in one day] to have a light dinner after swimming at the planet hollywood hotel.   The menu is big.. with LOTS to offer.  Things may seem ordinary, but trust me.. the bread makes all the difference.  They have a soup menu, a hot sandwich menu, wraps and salads... and of course desserts!  you order your sandwich, wrap or salad.. they give you a buzzer and a receipt... you walk down the line of neatly arranged extras of potato salads, macaroni salads... fruit cups, brownies, chips... ICE CREAM SANDWICHES!  it's pretty overwhelming ... in a good way!!i had the full montague: Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce...  the roast beef is fresh, the consistency is perfect.. the bread is amazing.   I also had the broccoli cheddar soup and it's seriously one of the best broc cheddar's i've ever had.  Michelle E.  also bough a cup of brownie bites that topped off my meal... i didn't even have to visit sugars after wards.  :Pthis sandwich shop definitely makes the top 5 list of sandwich shops i've ever been too.. you'll be seeing me again Earl of Sandwich.. I PROMISE!
4	Wow. 4.5 stars out of 1000+ reviews?? That's a lot to live up to, Earl.My buddy and I arrived to PH and walked around trying to find Earl of Sandwich for a few minutes. We found it by it's line. Yeah, this joint is both a tourist hot spot and local locale. Straight bumpin'.The menu is huge. I took a sneak peak, and I suggest you do the same if you're popping your Earl cherry, at the sandwiches that are offered at EoS. They've got more than sammies, but nothing appealed to me [lettuce isn't my cup of tea].I wound up ordering two sandwiches, one for the lady and one for myself. We got the tuna and the Full Montagu [not to be confused with the foes of the Capulets]. The lady friend said, and I quote, "this is the best tuna sandwich that I've ever had." So I guess it's aight. As for the Full Montagu? Shawty rockin' to the beat for ya boyyyy. Geez, Louise. Folks talk about the roast beef...and there is good reason. It makes this, and probably any, sandwich.Service is fast and fun; the guy who took our order gave me a nice "Thank you. Come again" at the end of our transaction. I looked at him with a "are you serious" look and we both laughed. The crew takes their time creating these sammies, so be patient. I mean, what's five minutes? Just stand off to the side with your order-pager and watch some television. They've got plenty of flat screens all over the place.Definitely a solid four, but it comes very close to the four-and-a-halfsies that is attached to Earl's name.
5	Stopped by twice on my latest trip to Vegas.  Still as good as ever!
4	This is one of the few places where you'll always win in Vegas.  They have great bread.  I think they get it par-baked, and they finish it in their toaster.  That gives you a fresh baked sandwich and nice melty cheese.It's still 6 bucks for a sandwich that's not real big, but at least it's good.  We tried three different ones, and they were all good.  Tomato soup was ok, sides are a little pricey.
5	Earl of Sandwich is SOOOO good AND it's open 24 hours! I had the earl's club and my boyfriend had the all american and we shared.  Both were really good but there was nothing too special about the club.  It's delicious, but it's just another club sandwich, whereas the all american had it's own twist.  The cranberry sauce added so much flavor to it all.  It can come off as a little sweet to some people, but I really enjoyed it.  I thought it was weird at first because I've never had cranberry sauce in a sandwich but it turned out to be amazing, especially with the dijon mustard they have, too.  Earl of Sandwich is a MUST when you're in vegas!!!! Definitely recommend it to all
5	I love these sandwiches.  Too bad it's so far away from where I usually stay.  If you don't mind taking a cab, if you're staying in the north end, you should go here.  I recommend you eat one sandwich there while it's warm, then pick up a few sandwiches to bring back to your room too.  I'm sure it'll be a good eat when you're buzzed or drunk.I ordered the All-American sandwich, which is basically turkey and cranberry sauce.  It was probably one of the top 3 sandwiches I've ever eaten and I eat a lot of sandwiches.  I'm not sure what I liked most about the sandwich, most likely it was the warm bread.  You could tell they used quality ingredients for the whole sandwich, so it could have been that too.I only have two regrets about my experience; only going there once on my 4 days in LV and not ordering the turkey and bacon, because I was trying to eat a little healthier.  Damn you fit people at the pool making me self conscious about my belly!!!
5	I finally tried this place out for myself while in Vegas last weekend. After several friends raving and bragging about this place, I told myself I definitely have to see how good a sandwich can be. Hands down the best sandwich place I have ever been to. The Carribbean Chicken Jerk, Hawaiian, and Earl's Club Meat hot panini sandwiches were all freaking delicious.The panini bread was warm, crispy, and perfect with every bite of cheese, meat, and vegetable. Each sandwich had its own sauce and the sauce was not overpowering the meat itself. After eating our sandwiches, we had to order some to go just incase our drunken early morning grub arrives.I love this place!! My must go to place in Vegas!!
4	Maybe I was drunk, so I didn't see how it was deserving of 5 stars. But it sure was good! Especially when you are drunk! We ordered all the sandwiches on the menu, literally, and I have to admit, they were all good.Definitely try the: Earl's Club, tuna melt, hawaiian bbq, and cannonballs.
4	Super good sandwiches!  After hitting the clubs we came here in the AM to get some grub - boy did it hit the spot!  I was a little gone so I dont really remember what the BF ordered me - i know it had pastrami in it!  I usually dont like pastrami type sandwiches, but this one was super good.  Definitely must come back when Im sober to fully enjoy it to the max, maybe then I can rewrite a review thats more detailed lol!
4	For Vegas, Earl's is an absolute gem. Opened 24 hours AND toasty, tasty sammies? Perfect anecdote/joint to end/start? your 4:00 am debaucheries ;)I love Earl's Turkey Club Sandwich -- it's not only a safe sandwich but it's really good and fulfilling. The bread is AMAZING; it's toasted to perfection and it doesn't scratch up your gums.  Earl's bread has the right amount of crispy crunch and soft dough to compliment the contents of the sandwich.  Everything else seems fresh but I wasn't exactly BLOWN away.  Like I said, for Vegas, yes, this is damn good. I've had better sandwiches in the OC and LA in California BUT I'll give it to Earl's for being the best in Sin City.Tried the Full Montagu (beef, turkey, cheddar/swiss cheese, etc.) and it was good, but not my fave. Solid sandwich, though.Also, their Tomato Bisque -- UM, AMAZING.  I felt so sick after my Vegas trip and had to have soup at Earl's. Best decision during my trip, EASY. Their garlic croutons added the perfect kick to the tomato flavor (which tasted so homey, omg). Rich and slightly creamy... perfect for the weak stomach :)**Accepts credit cards**Tucked away in Planet Hollywood, across from The Sugar Factory**Open 24/7!!**Long line but don't be discouraged, it goes by really fast.
5	oh ALL of their sammiches were freakin fantastic.planet hollywood is worth the visit because of this place.i hope they know this.I think this place is even better than Jimmy Johns... I am salivating as I am thinking about the sandwiches. yum.
5	Go here now. If there is a debate, then give your friend a little slap to wake him/her up and tell them to trust you. Earl of Sandwich is pure deliciousness.  There is going to be a sandwich for anyone's personal taste that will definitely impress.  It is open 24 hours a day and is cheap.  As far as my favorite sandwiches, it is a tough debate between the Full Montagu, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, the Club, and the Cannonballs sandwich.  I guess the only downside can be the lines at 3 in the morning but they really do their best to make it as speedy as possible.
5	It's soo good here! I tried their Original, Montagu, Earl's Club, and their BLT sandwiches!! I always come here when I'm in town!
3	Alright, I know this place is ALWAYS busy  (24 hours a day!) and super quick and 'delicious' for about $6.. BUT...Their sandwiches are salty as hell. I've had the Veggie and Montagu. Also, there isn't much content in it. There's more bread than anything else.Yum? Eh. Quick? Yes. Cheap? Yes. If you're not willing to trade the content and salty factor, being quick and cheap is totally not worth it.
5	WOW! No kidding this place is good. Not only was our breakfast sandwich was yummy, which I'm not a breakfast person, I ate the whole bacon, cheese and egg sandwich. What I liked the most was the COFFEE!!!Dam good coffee, since The Cosmopolitan screwed me this morning not having any coffee filters in our room. Also, ordered a chicken, ceasar wrap for later and it was big enough for two. Will come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Wow. Wow. Wow.I am impressed by Earl of Sandwich. I have had a friend of mine from college in town for a couple days and last night he really wanted to do the whole "walk the strip" thing. After meandering all up and down the strip we were in dire need of food and I had heard of Earl of Sandwich and knew it was open 24 hours so we headed there in a hunger haze.We arrived around 2:30 AM and there was a small line. The place looked as popular as I had heard. The line does go quickly and they give you buzzers to take to a table and wait for your food to be ready. The cashier last night sounded super tired and kind of annoyed, but I can't be too hard on her for that - it was 2 in the morning.I ordered the Club (turkey, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato). My friend got the Montagu, a cup of broccoli and cheese soup, and we shared a brownie. My sandwich was super tasty, warm, the bread was yummy. There was just enough turkey in it to make it good, but not overloaded. I hate it when I get a sandwich and the contents are spilling out of it. But this one was a perfect combination of all the ingredients. I think my only issue was that it was very salty compared to other sandwiches I have eaten. My friend said the soup was good and it was hot when he got it - so that's a plus!When we finished eating the line had gotten even longer than when we had arrived and it was definitely after 3 AM. This place is great for drunken snacks after being out drinking all night. I don't know how convenient the location is, but if I really had a hankering for one of their sandwiches again I don't think it would deter me from heading down to Planet Hollywood. Hot sandwiches - YUM!
4	Located within the PH hotel and casino, Earl of Sandwich is a great place to stop by for a quick bite.  It's not a full sit down, and it's not a fast food joint.  It fits perfectly in between.  I've gone there as an early dinner and a late night snack.  No matter the time, the Full Montagu, The Original, and the Earl's Club are very, very good!  If you're really hungry, throw in a soup too.  They tend to be more thick and hardy, so it will help to fill you up.  Overall, for the price, it's not the best sandwich shop in town, but the best on the strip.
5	every vegas trip i always make sure to grab a sandwich and their tomato soup!!BOMB...
4	Perfect place to end a night/morning of binge-drinking and bro-ing out.. Everything on the menu is good here, but then again everything is when your drunk out of your mind.. I will give Earl Of Sandwich 4 stars regardless since I always find my way over here..This place can be hard to find, so make sure you ask the PH employees for directions.. I get lost about 3 times out of 5 every time I go there.
5	This place is one of the hi-lights of everyone in my group's trip. The food is just amazing and the prices are even better. It's very easy to find, if you're outside and see pinks enter that way and its to the left. The line was very short most of the time we went. The ice tea sucks, strong tea bag flavor with no sweeteners. The cream filled brownie sandwich is HEAVEN. WOW is it good. This is a must try for $2.50? Anyway, you can count on good food at 3 am when your feet are aching and you need something to curb the growling of your alcohol filled stomach. Or before the alcohol.
5	Earl of Sandwich, your sandwiches are like golden bricks of deliciousness.  We drunkenly ventured to Planet Hollywood at 4am and got a tuna melt and full montagu.  They were so good, we made a return the next afternoon and tried the caprese - yummmmo!  The bread at Earl of Sandwich is nicely toasted yet still retains a light and fluffy consistency.  They need to be franchised in socal quick.  I could really go for an Earl's sandwich right about now.
5	I am not really sure why this place was so damn good! It must be their warm toasted sandwiches which has the perfect meat to bread ratio. All the hype is true. VERY TRUE! You really must stop here at least once in Vegas for some lunch. Ample seating, delicious sandwiches, and ample time to slightly sober up to make more room for more drinking. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE SALADS.
4	This is a pretty good and cheap place to eat in Vegas! Me and my friends were staying at Planet Hollywood and we all came here twice, the first time when we all took a nap after our long ass drive from Riverside, and house before going back.Its a simple fast food restaurant concept. You go in line, make your order, and they give you one of those beeper things when your order is ready.  Then you eat your sandwich at the seating area near the casino or wherever you please.The sandwiches are pretty good, I tried 3 of them at my first visit. I had the Italian, Caribbean Jerk, and the Full Montague (i believe). The Caribbean Jerk was my favorite out of the three. What makes the sandwiches good is the toasted and warm bread. Pretty good sandwich for $6, and a good portion as well.Also, lastly I would like to mention that the Ice Cream sandwiches they serve are really good as well. My friend and I got one when we were stumbling across the Miracle Mile Shops drunk with our friends.... it was soo good and it was huge... only for ~$3.  Definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas, on a budget but hungry for some good food. Oh yeah 24 hours!!
5	Wow... Just had two amazing sandwiches!Full montagu and caribbean jerk chicken are both delicious sandwiches.  The bread is nice and soft.  Best sandwiches I ever had.  There was a line during lunch time, but it goes pretty quick.  No trouble finding a table either.
3	Hmm....Honestly, this place is just GOOD to me..but it wasn't bombdotcom!I don't understand what all the hype is. I've been here two times. Once drunk and once sober.During my drunk tasting, I ordered The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce). It was good enough to fill my hungry tummy but I never felt the crave to go back. I didn't even know this place was such a "big deal."Second time, I stopped by after a long drive from LA2LV. I ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad (Grilled Chicken, Field Greens & Romaine, Chinese Mix, Crispy Wontons & Fresh Soy Ginger Dressing).  The salad was decent...average. Ladies--only order this if you need to fit into your dress for the night's festivities! I wouldn't order the salad again if not for that!I also had a couple bites of my friend's Hawaiian BBQ sandwich (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Ham, Hawaiian BBQ Sauce, Aged Swiss Cheese & Fresh Pineapple). It was better than my salad for sure but not special enough for me to want to come back.Maybe third time's a charm? =/
3	I thought the food was good, but I didn't think it was worth it to wait in line for a half hour. I had the Sweet Hawaiian BBQ, and it was SWEET (literally). Granted, I hadn't eaten anything all day except a Fat Tuesday, so I was a little intoxicated, but still - it could have been better. Bottomline: worth checking out because of the Vegas atmosphere. A little pricey for a sammich though.
5	YOUR TRIP TO VEGAS IS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT A SANDWICH FROM THIS SPOT!Anyone who says otherwise either has terrible taste in food or ordered the wrong sandwich!A lot of people would say that the buffets are what you need to hit up to satisfy them taste buds.  But nothing compares to the delicious, melt in your mouth, explosion of flavor you get from these sandwiches.I went to Vegas for a week and didn't discover this spot until my second day.  As soon as I bit into my first sandwich, I said F**K THE BUFFETS, Earl's is where it's at!The fact that this place is open 24 hours makes it even BETTER.  Nothings more satisfying than having one of these babies at 4 am when you're tired and drunk off your ass!  My friends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood, so access to the sandwiches was as convenient as can be.  Not that convenience is a factor when it comes to these sandwiches.  I would walk the WHOLE strip if I had to, just to get one in my stomach!  I tried EVERY SINGLE sandwich they had at least once, and the ones I recommend are: The Original, The Earl's Club, The Full Montagu, and my favorite, THE ALL AMERICAN!!!  The All American had to be one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries, sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce & Roma tomatoes.  The way all the flavors mix together when you take a bite is HEAVEN.  It's like your whole Thanksgiving dinner in one bite!  The bread they use is a perfect blend of crispy-toasty-fluffyness that melts in your mouth!  It Doesn't cut the roof of your mouth like other toasted sandwiches I've had, and that's a BIG factor towards enjoying a toasted sandwich!If you want to learn more, peep this link for a description of each sandwich.  But for MAXIMUM satisfaction, try the ones I suggested!http://www.earlofsandwichusa.com/food/sandwich/Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Late Dinner, and Drunk Super Late Dinner/Super Early Breakfast are the best times to have one of these sandwiches!My friends and I even bought some for the road trip home!  Good thing there isn't one in SoCal, cause I'd go broke eating at this place!SUBWAY WILL NEVER BE THE SAME TO ME.P.S.Request for a side of ranch, cause as it is with all foods, the fattier the better!!!
4	Believe the hype! Thanks Yelp! These sandwiches are amazing! I had a BLT - the bread was warm and the bacon was cooked still chewy but crispy and hot off the grill. Order a frozen lemonade to complement your meal. The line wasn't too bad on a Friday night at 10pm. Plenty of seating in the dining area. It's inside the casino/shopping area of Planet Hollywood, which braving the crowds and annoying group slutty girls was worth it.
5	Located inside Planet Hollywood, the hype around this sandwich place got me curious in trying their hot sandwiches. I have to say that the hype is real and this place is amazing!These hot sandwiches are some of the best that I've had. The lines go by quick as well, you first get a receipt then pay at the cashier at the end. So far I had the Hawaiian BBQ + Full Montagu and both were great solid choices. I'm really excited to try the other sandwiches when I get a chance.
5	You can't beat this place or a semi-quick bite. My reasoning:1. It's freakin' delicioso2. $6 per sandwich can't be beat3. It's across the street and a quick walk from the Cosmopolitan/Marquee4. There's a Wheel of Fortune machine that always pays at Planet Hollywood :)I've tried the tuna, Hawaiian and cannonball (meatball). They were all amazing. The cannonball is my favorite. My friends tried the soups and said they were great too. We went back a few times in the same weekend.
5	This place is the shenanigans..Love this place, it's worth the money, DELICIOUS, and can't wrong with spending under $10 with unlimited fountain drinks.Went here on my bday to make a pit stop before heading out to the hangover 2 vegas premier and damn i'm glad i got to taste the magic..(no dun in tended) BLT does justice and i know there are more sandwhichs to try but i'm a suck for that ba-CONE, Le-TUCE, Toe-MA-TOE sammich...=]
4	I came here two times during my vegas trip. The first time was bad because our order didn't go through and even when we asked someone about it, he just said wait for the buzzer. We waited 40 minutes and asked again and that's when he told us he had to reorder. Aside from that, it was very good. I ordered the caprese with extra basil  and a frozen lemonade. The sandwich was really good and the frozen lemonade was refreshing.
5	Don't run away from the line. The wait is actually very short.The sandwiches are incredibly fresh and toasty. They're so good that my boyfriend made a second trip during our stay. The Original and the Hawaiian were my favorites. Don't let the small size fool you. After a long night of racing around the Strip, half a sandwich will probably be all you can handle. The prices are ridiculously worth it and drinks are refillable. This is a place worth visiting every time you come to Vegas.
5	Damn i've waited forever to come here. Since i arrived in Vegas, i didnt even have a chance to come here until my last day on the strip. The line was huge, but it moves faster than any other line i've seen at a fast food place let alone a sandwich place.this place is always crowded around the clock and for those prices for a delicious sandwich, this place is legit. i had the hawaiian, with no pineapple (yeah i must be crazy right?) and it still hit the spot. come to think of it, i should've gotten the pineapple! also got the full montague and that was ON POINT! i wasn't even drunk and it was awesome, imagine if i was! the service is fast, iced tea was great, and people were nice too. i wish they had more seating now, but i can understand how hard it'd be to have the place clean. thanks earl, you're like a god now
4	Lets just say I love this place just as much as the next fan does.  Its amazing!   Right in the heart of the Planet Hollywood hotel sits this cheap ($5.99 per sandwich) little shop pumping out sandwiches as fast as they can.  I rocked the "Cannonballs"(meatball) and the "Hawaiian" (bbq chx) sandwiches and was overly impressed at how simple and amazing these were.  The reason that is doesn't get the 5th star from me is a matter of simple economics.  "If the line is long, prices are too low!"  This place fits that phrase exactly.  Its possible to see a 100-150 person line at 3am at this place!!!  Even with a fast moving line, lunch still took around 45 minutes to get!  They should really consider raising their prices just a tad...even just $1 or $2 a sandwich because its a little obnoxious that the only affordable place around that hotel is so crowded.
5	Over 1,000 reviews for a franchised sandwich shop with a rating of 4 &  1/2 stars......Wow! I'd heard the chatter about the great sandwiches here, so I immediately bookmarked it and knew I'd have to try this place for lunch. Located inside Planet Hollywood's shopping mall, I wasn't surprised to see a long line, but it moved quickly. The first thing I notice was the prepacked sandwich rolls stacked up in the prep area. I guess the key to a good sandwich isn't fresh bread because my toasted sandwich was damn good! I had "The Earls Club" which consisted of turkey, smoked bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. For $5.99 it's not a bad price in Vegas! I grabbed a small side of potato salad and a brownie cream sandwich for dessert. The potato salad was good, but nothing amazing. The Brownie sandwich ($2.49) will add an inch to your waist just looking at it. It was good if you like sinfully rich desserts, but I'd recommend splitting it with a few people. It's hard to rate a sandwich franchise. Do I compare it to other sandwich franchises or an independent big city deli? I'm undecided between 4 & 5 stars, so I'll be nice and give'em a 5.
4	Dropped by here for late lunch on my first date in LV just to see what the hype is about this place. And yelpers were correct... this place is pretty amazing for the deal and sandwhich you get from LV. $6 for sandwhich? not too shabby considering everything is effing expensive here. My first sandwhich was awesome and amazing and I swore to myself that I'd eat here for rest of my trip. After my second sandwhich on the next day, I pretty had enough of this place... the food is great but it isn't healthy. I couldn't continue eating here for rest of my trip.Overall, I'd definitely recommend to those who haven't tried this place out. It's good, satisfies your hunger and it's affordable! Also, the frozen lemonade is delicious especially in the scorching heat.
5	So good, I came here twice while in Vegas!Brief Summary-- Delicious hot sandwiches-- Open 24 hours-- Almost always BUSY-- Free samples if you're in the long line-- Great poatoe saladThis place is cheap and easy just like Las Vegas! Well maybe its cheaper...Basically you get in the long line and you get processed decently quick, depending on how many employees are there, etc.I think I got "Earl's Club" or maybe it was "Club of Earl"? Not sure.It was turkey, bacon, subbed cheddar instead of swiss, lettuce, subbed onions instead of tomatoe on their bread roll with "sandwich sauce."It was hot, fresh and delicious. I also got the poatoe salad, which was amazing and it was only $1.79!!They have a lot of different sides, drinks, desserts and options.I wish I would have tried something else but the Club was awesome both times.My GF got the Full Montagu (sp?) both times and I tasted it, it was good. The 2nd time, the mustard was a little overbearing but it blended well with the roast beef.If you're a baller on a budget or you just want a good, cheap sandwich, come on over to Miracle Mile Shops for Earl of Sandwich!
4	Discovered a new fave! - the All American. GENIUS idea to combine my two favorite condiments of all time: cranberry sauce and buttermilk ranch :)
5	I'm not a big sandwich fan, but my friends wanted to eat here so I gave it a shot (being super hungry helped too).We ordered the Earl's Club and were told that the wait would be about 40 minutes long. We were able to find seats and before we knew it our sandwiches were ready. The bread was toasty to perfection, the ratio between meat and veggies was perfect and their sauce and cheese complimented the sandwich very well. I tried using the mustard they provided, but I realized after a few horrible bites that their mustard really overpowers the taste of the sandwich. I opted to eat my 2nd half of the Earl's Club plain and it was muuchhh yummier left alone.The second day I was starving again so I ran over to Earl's to grab a sandwich again. This time we ordered the Full Montagu and it was definitely a great sandwich. Unlike the Earl's Club which was a bit salty, the Full Montagu was much more balanced in terms of flavoring and it was seriously a great delight. I'd definitely recommend getting the Full Montagu and dripping on some of the Tabasco sauce they have at the tables. I'm literally drooling as I write this review thinking about these sandwiches.Overall, Earl's was definitely worth the visits and at 5.99 per sandwich, you can't really go wrong. The service is pretty fast considering how many people there are waiting for food. This place is how ALL sandwiches should taste! Swing by if you're around the area by Planet Hollywood!!!
4	SOOOOOOO GOOD.. if you are in Vegas you gotta try this place. Open 24 hours.. amazing..Line is usually long but it is definitely worth the wait... it's actually pretty fast compared to places I've waited for a sandwich.. aka IKES place SF.. Tried the:full montague - turkey and roastbeef.. it was good but i liked the earl club a lot better.. soooo good... turkey.. bacon.. mmmmmm very good.& tuna melt - was really good too.. plain but full of flavor.YUMMMMMM.
5	Two nights and two trips to the Earl.Tried the Original, Club, Meatball (Cannonball), Tuna Melt, and the Full Montagu and liked them all. It's a trend I don't expect to change. They were all great in their own way, so it's more a matter of preference. Whether at the beginning of the night, at the end of the night, or during the night, it's worth the wait (the line is usually pretty long).Open 24 hours, busy 24 hours, damn good 24 hours.P.S. Also tried some cookies, chips, and parfaits, but no doubt the sandwich is star...hence the name of the restaurant. "World's greatest hot sandwich." I believe it so far...Go Dodgers.
5	After driving for 10 hours to Las Vegas, this was our first stop.  Need I say more on how excited I was to go here?  We got in around 10 pm on a Friday night and boy was it traffic, but we maneuvered our way through all that and parked at the Miracle Mile parking lot.  My brother and I circled our way through the mall and landed smack dab at the Earl of Sandwich.  I had already done some research and looked through the other yelp reviews since there's like over a thousand already.We ordered: the full montague, the all-american, the caribbean jerk chicken, the tuna melt, and broccoli and cheese soup.  I'd have to say I liked the tuna melt and the all-american the best.  Best things about this place:*open 24 hours*the bread on the sandwiches*the cool golden wrappers *again it's open 24 hours - I love it!* The price isn't too bad either: $6-7 per sandwich.Definitely have to go back here when I go back to Vegas.
5	really good spot.. only got 5 * cuz its open 24.. and i get to use my diamond card to cut to the front of the line!!
5	Another 5 star review for this sandwich spot?! I guess so.When we got to Earl of Sandwich, the worst possible thing that could have happened, did. Their system was down for 45 mins - 1 hour. Which means no sandwiches for 45 mins - 1 hour. We kinda just stood around Earl's hoping a miracle would happen & their system would magically start working again. Wrong. Even Planet Hollywood workers stood in line behind us thinking everything was fine until we said "Their system is down for 45 mins - 1 hour. Do you know of any other good food places we could eat at?" Their response. "No way! Earl's is the only place we come for food." We didn't eat the whole day because we wanted to try the sandwiches, so we were pretty much starving. We couldn't wait, so we just ate at another local food spot for a quick fix.The next day, we were able to finally try Earl's. The line was huge. I mean, for a sandwich? Is this line really necessary? YES. I can't really describe the feeling of this sandwich as it hit my taste buds. It was like a party in my mouth. I must say, the anticipation for this sandwich made it that much better. Something about the bread completes this sandwich. I got the All American, & also tried the Caribbean Jerk, Tuna Melt, & Original. They were all very delicious. For all you vegetarians out there, you NEED to try the Tuna Melt. Also, their prices can't be beat! $5.99 for any hot sandwich.I was in Vegas for 4 days, so trying out all the local top notch food spots was a must. Since 4 days is not that long, you wouldn't think of going to the same food spot twice during your stay right? Uhm, sure.. Okay. ;)
4	this place is still delicious. landed in vegas and first stop was Earl's, i had the original this time and it was really good! Something about that warm toasted bread that just makes it really good... i dont even like horseradish but i don't remember tasting much of it. wish they had an Earl's in California =(
4	Okay I am not a big fan of sandwiches, and the only reason why i came here was because of the bf....but with that being said, i thought this place was pretty good!It is open 24 hours, but I don't know if this is good drunkard food, what with all the melted cheese and stuff....although there might be long line, the wait is not that bad and it moves fairly quickly!What we had:-potato salad in a cup: over priced (it is vegas) and not worth it-bag of chips: standard-loaded potato soup: I don't really know why i got soup in vegas, but I did, and it wasn't that great-Montague: basically hella meat turkey staked on roast beef and the usual toppings: swiss cheese, tomato onion lettuce, etc this sandwich was very flavorful...beef plus turkey makes for a savory taste. -All American: this is the sandwich i HIGHLY RECOMMEND trying! turkey with cheese, lettuce tomato onions and the one ingredient that makes this sandwich so succulent is the cranberry jam! every time i bit into this sandwich it was like fireworks, like the scene from ratatouille where he envisions fireworks! yea like that!and a frozen lemonade: basically lemonade blended with ice! pretty good!Surprisingly the sandwiches were 5.99, a pretty decent price that you will find in vegas. So get in line and try this place!
5	This place is open 24 hours! It's located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel. I've been here a few times and usually come here with friends when looking for some good food!I ordered the "hawaiian bbq chicken" sandwich. Really good! Great balance between sweet and spicy. The bread that they use is crusty/crunchy on the edges and soft when you bite into the sandwich.There isn't much places to sit down, especially when it's crowded and the line can get long, but it's WORTH IT! I'd rather eat sandwiches here, then drop $$$ on a restaurant!
4	After seeing all the 4 and 5 star reviews for this place, my friends and I knew we had to try it. I was debating between the Full Montagu and the All American: the All American won (this time) - loads of turkey, cranberry sauce, ranch dressing, lettuce, cheese and tomatoes.The sandwich was packed with fillings. My friend said, "It tastes like Thanksgiving" and she definitely wasn't lying. One of the best parts about the sandwich was the bread: baked fresh everyday, it was crispy yet soft at the same time, and it really made the sandwich that much better.After trying a bite of the Full Montagu, I think that sandwich would have been even better than the All American, which was good but not out of this world good.It was a cheap, filling lunch, and with so many options to choose from, everyone is bound to find something they like. I would absolutely come back again.
5	Can't say enough about this place...it's a must when you are in vegas!  I had the original sandwich and the full montagu, and they were both satisfying and delicious.  Hands down one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.The bread is totally different from what I have had before, and it's filling.  Be prepared for long lines, but the great thing is that it is 24 hours, and you can go after a hard-nights worth of partying.Each sandwich is filled with a good amount of meat and other filings, and you get your money's worth (around $6 per sandwich).  Head over to Fat Tuesday's before and get a drink, and there's your full vegas experience right there.
5	We need one of these places in LA. Way better than a Subway (not that I'm hating on Subway, I love em too!) but not too expensive! Fresh loaves made daily to go with your filler meats and deli selections. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their mediterranean chicken salad. I got them twice in a row in two days. Say what??? Yes, I did. Open 24 hours and its right in between the casino and shopping entrance/exit.  Yum!
3	A-OK sandwich.  I love sandwiches and this place will be on my recommendation list.I got my staple of Turkey and roast beef grilled.  I have had better but this is definitely a good sandwich and it was even better since its was available at 5:30am after a night of  partying!
4	My sandwich was good.. And every time I walked by there was always a long line..
5	Wow.  A really really good sandwich in the LEAST place you'd expect it.  NEXT TO A CASINO.  And surprisingly affordable.  Don't think of this place as a budget eat.  Its a really really good sandwich.  But you can save some money by hitting this place up a few times if you don't feel like a full blown buffet meal.I was told this was going to be an amazing sandwich.  I'm always cautious about my hype before eating at a new place.  But this place delivered and then some.  If you've found this place on yelp mobile and you're trying to decide where to eat.  Just eat here, and thank me later.  You'll only be out $10 if you hate it...
4	OMG. One of the best sandwiches I've had.  My friends and I were in Vegas for the wknd and we stopped by Earl of Grey to grab a bite for lunch before heading to Encore Beach Club.  I ordered the Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce.  I took out the Bacon and Tomatoes since I'm not a huge fan, but everything else was AMAZING.  The bread was ridiculously delicious - it had a gorgeous crust.  The sauce they use in the sandwich was really good too. You wouldn't think to find a good sandwich place like this inside a casino/hotel.  But def a really good find.  Now only if they had a location in California....more specifically in Los Angeles...
4	I was shocked looking at the reviews score here on yelp! I ordered the Italian which was good, but I think the other sandwiches probably better. I am still a fan though and would return. For the price in Vegas, the sandwiches are really good. I have tasted better sandwiches where I live, but in Vegas, I think this would probably be the best joint to hit up for hot sandwiches.
5	Love this place! Their sandwiches are phenomenal, can't go wrong with any of them. The bread they use is simply the best! My go-to's is the earl's club and full montagu. Great any time of the day,  and it helps that it's open 24 hrs so a great place to go after a long night of clubbing!!
4	I tried to be different and got the montagu this past time and I REGRET IT.... I thought it was like FAKE roast beef, but its not. its the REAL DEAL!... hahha oh silly me! However, I LooooooVE the Earl Club sandwich.. that is the BOMB and I always top it off with tabasco sauce. Honestly, who eats a club sandwich WITHOUT tabasco sauce?? I know, I NEVER leave it out... Unless I HAVE to. Therefore, when I know I'm eating sandwiches, I bring my stash of T-sauce with me... mmmmAnyway, if you want a cheap eat while in Vegas.... STOP HERE! 6 bucks of goOodnes OR after a longgggg night at the club... woOt Woot. I am sure when Marquee opened across the street, Earl of Sandwich income went cha ching $$$$$$$. I am ranting again. oPpsiee! I do not give 5 stars because I have to buy the chips! I know it's vegas, ya'll charge for everything, but hook me up for 5 pieces of chips... It would make me so happy!
5	I was going to originally going to give Earl of Sandwich four stars because my clothes were still on when I left, but there is not a bad thing to be said about this place. The sandwiches were decent enough size to give you a comfortable "full" feel after a sandwich and a half. The bread was tasty and the meat tasted fresh. My girlfriend and I were feeling ballsy, so we ended up sharing three sandwiches: All-American, Full Montagu, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.The All-American was definitely on the top of the list with its fresh taste and sweetness added on by cranberries. This place just seems to have everything in order.Would definitely go back for a lunch, maybe not so much a dinner, but this place is open 24/7.
4	I've heard about this place from everyone that goes to Vegas. I'm so happy to finally try this place! We were in Vegas for EDC weekend so we weren't looking for a big buffet but still wanted something memorable.I've actually passed by this place a number of times but never knew it was so good. Located right near the entrance. Line is fairly long, probably looking at a 15-20 min wait. I got the full montagu this time since that is the most popular item I've been hearing.Taste: like a very tasty and flavorful panera bread panini. My friend Chris had some cheesy soupy stuff he dipp'd it in which tasted pretty bomb because it wasn't as dry. Good mix.Best of all! Super cheap, you're looking at 6-7 bucks top!
4	Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Full Montagu.Effin' great.  It's VEGAS and in a CASINO, so the price isn't amazing...  but still worth a trip every time you visit LV.  Now open 24 hours so you can get your fix after a drunken night in the club!Their sandwiches don't need the steak sauce, but definitely go well together.As a side note: try their sandwiches only.  A friend had a wrap and said it was nothing special.  I DEFINITEL thought my sandwiches were special...  so stick to the basics!
5	ever notice how getting drunk make shitty fast food taste so delicious?regardless, Earl's of Sandwiches tastes delicious whether you're intoxicated or not. after drinking all day at Marquee Dayclub and getting my ears seduced by Avicii, my stomach wanted in on some of the party!came over to Earls and ordered THE ORIGINAL and THE FULL MONTAGUE. the cheesy, toasted, deliciousness of both sandwiches slapped my ass into major kanak attacks and my entire body was contempt. slightly buzzing from the free cocktails at the cosmopolitan, toasted crispy after being in the pool and vegas sun all day, and now full after beasting on two of earl's baddest sandwiches. order both, finish both, thank me later. trust.if you don't know, now you know...
5	Best affordable food in Vegas! I tried the Montague and the Caribbean Chicken Jerk. The Montague was a 4/5 and the Jerk was a 5/5. This is a MUST STOP for every complete Vegas trip.
4	Hands down, one of the best cheap eats on the strip! The original is the right choice along with a salad. No fries here, but Pink's is very accessible just outside the doors. Great desert selection too. Thank you fellow Yelpers for the awesome reco!
4	Before this visit I would've said that Earl of Sandwich is the best sammie in Las Vegas. However, my expectations were on the moon, far too high for a $6 sandwich. That being said, the Italian was awesome. Hot sammie, made fresh to order, soft bread, great flavors etc. The only criticism I can muster is that the last few bites felt like work, the bread is a little too chewy.
3	feel like it was overrated.the full montagu tasted like a panini that was bland.and the cold pasta in a cup was too sweet.the potato salad in a cup was not bad though.the frozen lemonade was way too sweet.not impressed.and the cobb wrap was not good.
4	hm so this is what all the rage is about. The sandwiches are indeed delectable. Ever tasted Panera sandwiches? It taste almost exactly the same. Eat HERE NOW!
5	Pros:- Open 24 hours.- Cheaper than other foods at Vegas.- Open 24 hours.- DeliciousCons:- Lines can be long (because they are open 24 hours) but they move fairly quickly.I would say this is a MUST VISIT for all Vegas go-ers. It is the perfect remedy for hunger, drunken munchies, or Vegas on a budget.
5	Earl freaking sandwich you can't come to Vegas and leave without trying these bomb@ss sandwiches. Lines can get really long here so if you can still stand straight after a heavy night of dancing and drinking then you in for a treat. I've only order the Montague Sandwich Consists:Two kinds of meat: Roasted Beef and TurkeyTwo kinds of Cheese: Swiss and Cheddar Cheese,Top off with  Lettuce/Roma tomatoes and earl's mustard. The bread is crispy on the outside soft and moist in the inside. I ate half before the club and came back after it and it still tasted the same. Now that's a incredible sandwich. I've heard the Tuna and Caribbean Jerk is also good, next time in Vegas I shall order them both and try it!Oh and tips to the fellas if your night didn't go as well in the clubs meeting women, there are many of them from various clubs here standing or eating around Earl's. Time to redeem yourself fellas.
4	VERY crowded during the day.
5	A must visit. I can't believe this place is open 24 hours. Insane.Highly recommend the tuna melt, earl's club, and full montague.Perfect portions to satisfy anyone whether you're sober or not.
4	I don't usually get excited by sandwiches, I mean, it's just a sandwich - especially when it's prefaced by "It's just a roast beef sandwich". But I'm glad that my husband dragged me into this place at 1 am. I couldn't believe it - how can a simple roast beef sandwich bring so much pleasure in my mouth?? Well it did. I didn't know what it was, but the bread was fresh, the beef was flavorful and tender and the sauce was delicious! Maybe I was too drunk (hence the 4 stars, my judgement might've been slightly impaired so I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars), but I really enjoyed my sandwich.
3	It's really not the best sandwich I've ever had... and actually it doesn't come close. Not sure why it has such high ratings on Yelp... (maybe i gotta try the tuna melt!)  I got the Earl Club and my boyfriend initially ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The jerk sauce that comes with it is a mayo-based one, which is not what we were looking for. So my boyfriend exchanged it for the The Original 1762 (minus the horseradish), which he enjoyed. My Club sandwich was tasty, but not oh-so-amazing. Their bread is pretty light and toasty, which I liked more than your chain sandwich joints (eg. quiznos), and their deli meat is just standard, not like from a real deli. That being said, they make a pretty good sandwich with the ingredients they use. Not to mention, it is really cheap and 24 hours! I'll definitely be back if I'm craving a sandwich in Vegas, but I don't think I'll be dreaming about those subs :)
4	BEST restaurant in Vegas. It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's open 24 hours. It's amazing even when you're sober--now that's a real treat.My favorite was the Caribbean Jerk, I had to go back twice for it. My friends also enjoyed the Oiriginal 1762 and the Earl's Club.If you're in Vegas, you MUST MUST MUST come here.
4	Cheap 24 hours sandwich place located inside Planet Hollywood Casino on Las Vegas Blvd.  Perfect place for post party/clubbing.  I would not hesitate to come here when I give all of my money to the slot machines.  But I will eat somewhere better when I hit the Jackpot.  Oh Vegas~~
5	I'm 5'2". I weigh 106 lbs.I have a very small stomach.But for some reason when I go to Earl of Sandwich, I feel like a 7'2", 300 lb. man who hasn't eaten for 3 days. I came here with a few friends on our last night in Vegas and decided that I needed not one, not two, but THREE sandwiches. The tuna melt is a MUST MUST MUST. The veggie is awesome if you're vegetarian. The Caribbean Jerk has a nice kick from banana peppers.AND.. they have hot tea. YES.
5	I was in las Vegas last week and had checked this place out on Yelp, I had to try, I had a Montagu, it was very good. Best sandwiches for the price. If you have an opportunity to eat at this place, try it.
5	Las Vegas is a huge city filled with overpriced restaurants and hyper inflated alcohol prices. The one true gem for a great meal at a cheap price (not those $1.99 Steak/Egg deals) is The Grand Lux Cafe tucked away in the Venetian hotel. If you happen to be on the southside of the The Strip I have a new 24 hour dine spot inside the ph. I went through an Earl's Club and a Cannonballs! sandwich during this trip in Vegas. If your on a budget this is your stop on the south Strip OR if you just want a great deal on some amazing food. Two people can dine for less than $20 but the line during peak "dining" hours can get a little outrageous so try to target some off peak visiting. This is the most western location of the chain sandwich shop with most locations located in Texas or Florida. They really nail the hot sandwich and go far above/beyond a Subway type bite. Just inside the doors of Planet Hollywood Casino/Miracle Mile Shops (if your in the casino head to the southern most facing part of the casino (away from Paris and towards the MGM) and you will find this place and be delighted. The Strip is full of gimmicks and garbage which we all know but this place puts the crappy buffets to shame with a cheap price and fulfilling meal.
4	Cheap eats in Vegas might sound like a contradiction but I'm glad I knew about Earl of Sandwich to hit it up during a quick weekday trip. Our group was just looking for a quick and cheap place to eat and this place fit the bill.I got the Earl of Club and it was satisfying and delicious. The bread is probably the best part since it's soft but toasted with almost a biscuit quality to it. Others in my group got the Jerk Chicken which was alright if not a little under seasoned for jerk chicken. But who can complain for a $6 sandwich that is more than filling.Stop by here for a quick eat and though the line may be long it seems to move pretty quick.
5	I know, I'm just adding to the thousands of praises for Earl's, but it deserves it.  I always make it a point to eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas.  Sometimes it gets kinda crazy during the day time, and there ends up being a pretty long line with a 20+ minute wait.  I've never heard of a wait that long for sandwiches before place, but it's totally worth it.I usually get a full meal and order a soup, sandwich and drink. The price is pretty reasonable as well, seeing as how it's on the Strip.I love their Tomato Bisque, and the Cannonballs! (Meatball) Sandwich.  They are both glorious in their own ways.   The ingredients they use in the sandwich are quality, and don't taste cheap at all.  The cheese is always melted perfectly and does that gooey stringy thing when you bite into the sandwich.Most of the time I buy another Cannonballs! to eat later after my night out on the town. It does make for a good snack after drinking a whole bunch.
5	AMAZING SANDWICHES. AMAZING. These are some of the best sandwiches I have ever had! My favorite is the Cannonball- I'm a sucker for a good meatball sandwich and these guys totally deliver!!! The bread they use is wonderful! They also make a fantastically delicious Chicken Noodle soup- homestyle and everything is perfectly cooked- carrots aren't too hard or mushy, chicken is tender, the noodles are not soggy! Only thing I haven't liked there was their Hawaiian sandwich, but maybe that was just a matter of preference.  Definitely a must-stop food place when I'm in Vegas- last Vegas trip, which was a 3 day trip, I ate there 5 times...addicted! Cannot get enough of their food!!!!!
4	In a town where a "cheap dinner" costs upwards of $20 per person, it was great to find a spot with great food and great prices! I went here with my husband and parents while walking the strip. We got the club, montague, and jerk chicken and we shared all three. The club and montague were filled with meat and cheese and veggies, but the jerk chicken was a little on the skimpy side. I was a little disappointed in the size of the chicken sandwich... after one bite I found that what it lacked in size it more than made up for in flavor!! And the banana pallets were such a great addition. Personally. A sandwich is only as food as it's bread and this place had amazing bread! It can be difficult to find a table, there were 5 of us circling like vultures! Oh... And it's open 24 hours!! What's not to love?? Two thumbs way up!!
5	Outstanding sandwich, everytime, period.  Best value for food in Vegas.  It is hard to explain in words just how fantastic these sanwiches are.  At first look, you might think it is just another Quiznos analog, or taste like any other toasted sub.  Quite the contrary.   They make all of their own bread, but unlike Subway who bakes their bread fresh,.. Earl of sandwich only bakes their bread partially.  The partially baked loaves are set aside, and wait for you to order.  Then the sandwich is assembled with high end, fresh and flavorful ingredients and sauces, and put through the chain oven.  It is at this time that the loaf of bread is fully, and freshly baked.  This leaves you with a perfectly light and fluffy, fresh baked bread that just can't be beat.  Its like bread straight out of the oven at home, and the corner stone of this amazing sandwich.    Having lived in vegas for several years as well as making frequent trips back, we have eaten just about everywhere.  Yes, you can get steak and eggs at midnight for 2.99,.. yes you can go to amazing all you can eat buffets,.. but if you want some serious gourmet flavor for around 5 bucks a person, this place can't be beat.      Between myself, my wife, and freinds and family we have brought here,.. we have collectively tried just about every sandwich on the menu.  The general consensus is, " this is the best sandwich I have ever eaten".    The portion is just about right.  Nothing is included, so if you want chips, drink or dessert, you may grab them on the way to check out.   They have a nice variety of fresh fruit, salad, chips and cookies.  Then the standard soda fountain, self serve.   It is now open 24 hours, and though we have tried to beat the crowds by coming in late, there always seems to be a bunch of people eating there.  They do now have vibrating coaster pagers now.  This is nice, because you can find a spot to sit and wait it out.  Turn around of your order depends on how crowded it is, but as a general timeframe say, 5 minutes in line, order, then maybe 5-6 minutes until the order is up.   I have never had a bad experience here. They haven't messed up an order, and I have yet to receive a sandwich that was anything short of amazing.  Good job guys!
5	What is the best remedy for cheap, quick, hangover food smack dab in the middle of the strip...wait for it EARL OF SANDWICH.  Partying too much and staying right across the street at the Cosmo? a simple walk over the Las Vegas Blvd bridge and whap pam! Earl of Sandwich..."in you' face! in you' face" Hangover baby!Get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken...Seriously winner winner chicken dinner.  Not too much not to little, settling the stomach is quite the tickle.  Best part about it...Open 24 hours to suit your sin city needs.
5	What a deal after sitting at the tables giving your money to the casinos.  Earl of Sandwich has really good sandwiches at very affordable prices and IT'S OPEN 24 HOURS!!  The line may be long, but they're pretty efficient so be patient and wait it out.  You'll be happy you did.
5	Great place located in the Miracle Mile Mall in Planet Hollywood Casino across from one of the Sugar Factory stores. Long line that goes really fast, and def worth the wait. Amazing sandwiches toasted in a toaster oveny thingy that come out nice and warm and melty. Cheap too! Had more than enough $$ left over for gelato across the hall at Sugar Factory! Def would recommend and revisit whenever I am in town!
4	Food: 4Ambiance: 4Service: 3Food: Nothing beast the Original, except when they have the special "Thanksgiving" sandwich.  Tomato soup is good as well.  Is also very consistent.  Never had a bad experience.Ambiance: Its in the Planet hollywood casino and open 24 hours.  Service: What you can normally expect from a sandwich chain type restaurant.
5	Earl of Sandwich! You are truly the best hot sandwich ever!  Why are you so far away from me? WHHHHYYYYY!?!!?
1	It's the most boring sandwich I've ever had. I guess if you think Subway's and Quizno's is good, then this might be on par with them, but this place isn't even in the same league as the like of Specialties Cafe & Bakery. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich today. If you were to have 100 Jamaicans taste this sandwich and ask them what flavor it is, I'm sure 99 out of 100 times, the answer wouldn't be Jerk Chicken. The sandwich had some run of the mill pre-packed, pre-cooked, sandwich-chain chicken breast with runny mayo sauce that can be quickly squirted from a squeeze bottle. It probably has a tiny bit of Tabasco in it to wake it up. Bread was nothing special. Don't believe the hype.
5	For most people, a "must go" list in Vegas probably includes some mix of casinos, entertainment, nightlife, and fine dining.  A regular Vegas visitor in recent years from LA before moving to LV this summer, Earl of Sandwich worked it's way onto my weekend list... every weekend... if not every day of every weekend.  There are few low price ($6)/high quality food options on the Strip, which makes the Earl stand out even more.In spite of having eaten here probably ~75 times over the past few years, it has been hard for me to try different items.  Here are my top picks:Sandwiches: Hawaiian BBQ & Full MontaguWraps: Earl's Cobb (no bacon, no ranch, add mustard) & Mediterranean Chicken Salad
5	Inside Planet Hollywood.Opens 24/7.Long lines during late night hours.Fast and friendly Services.Full Montagu is yummy.Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard SauceThe Earl's Club is yummy tooRoasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Saucewill come back next month for moreee
4	Super Tasty!!!! Passes!! Toasted bread! Got the Italian!!! On the small side, skimpy with the veggies. $5.99 is decent price, like a 6" sub.
4	Tried the hawaiian bbq...yummy and pretty cheap!Good bread, meat, sauce...everything. I wanna try the meatball sandwich next time. The lines are usually long here but free samples while you wait!If you don't want to just call in and pick it up.
5	BEST SANDWICH place ever!I had the tuna melt and it was perfect. There was a short line, but not a long wait. There are always seating available. Pretty cheap for such good sandwiches (about 5 to 6 bucks). This place is located in Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile shops.
4	A friend recommended me to try Earls of Sanwich and I said wth is that. After I yelped it, I was super excited to try "the world's greatest hot sandwich". This place did not disappoint.  I consider this place to be a hidden gem because when it comes to Las Vegas, the first thing that comes to my mind is Buffets. I'm glad I gave this place a shot. The sandwiches that my friends and I ordered are all so delicious. The line was not too long for me but if you're like me it helped provide the extra time to decide what I wanted to get. I decided to get the Full Montagu, an excellent choice  but then again any of their sandwiches are excellent choices. I would give it a 5 star but the sandwich was smaller than what i thought it would be.
5	it was so good that i went there 3 times and i was only in vegas for 4 and half days!
5	The world's greatest hot sandwich at such a phenomenal price.I'm in Las Vegas with my homies...me and my buddy Jerry are walking through Planet Hollywood and need something that won't take too long. There's a bit of a line but it's moving at a decent pace. While in line we decide on splitting two sandwiches since it's our first time and we want to try two. We are still looking at the menu trying to decide on what two.  Jerry says "let's get three." I say sure, why not? We were hungry. All these sandwiches on the menu sound so tasty. Almost at the front of the line when I look at Jerry and say "Let's get four." Done. In Vegas, go big or go home. We ordered:-The Original 1762-The Full Montague-Caribbean Jerk Chicken-Cannonballs!I love that they label the sandwiches.The Original was HANDS DOWN the best quick hot sandwich I have EVER had. OMFGWTFWOW. It was like a sliced prime beef sandwich with the perfect amount of creamy horseradish & cheese. They don't skimp on the meat. Basically, if you like eating prime rib, you'll effing love this sandwich. The bread was good, not too airy. During my 6-night stay, I returned two more times just for the Original*. The other sandwiches were okay. One time I came here before a noon poker tourney and I saw there was no line. I was so excited until I got to the register and was told by the manager that their computers were down. I told her I'd overpay and I don't need change. DONE & DONE! By the way, this branch is 24/7 !!!I pray this place comes to my hometown of Chicago, or I might have to open one myself. No bs.
5	The BEST hot sandwich place EVER! To bad the closest to me is in Vegas... We've tried just about every sandwich on their menu and have loved every one! I don't like to gamble, and I hate the smokey environment of Vegas, but since we've discovered Earl of Sandwich, I actually look forward to visiting Vegas!
5	I just have to throw my two cents in here, because this place lives up to the hype! Believe it! Found it on Yelp before a recent trip to Vegas, tried it out. Of course, huge line, but I could not believe how fast the line moved and how quickly the food came. And the sandwiches were amazing. I highly recommend it!
4	I got the Hawaiian because well, I like pineapple damn it. And it was goooooooood. Soft, warm, freshly baked bread and tasty ingredients make this a Vegas winner. Especially for all under $8, you can't beat that, and you can take all the money you will save on food and blow it at the craps table! Idea: An Earl of Sandwich BUFFET!!!
4	This is a must not miss stop when in Vegas. Affordable prices and excellent sandwich. We had the Italian and The Montague and both were great.
5	They say it's the world's best hot sandwich, and while I don't want to agree to give such high expectations - a spinoff of a panini, these are pretty damn good.  I got the All American ( Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma Tomatoes). The bread was scrumptious, the bread:ingredient ratio was perfect (just enough bread for the inside ingredients) and I especially enjoyed the mix of cranberries.The sandwiches were super affordable and I do plan to come again :)
5	For food in Vegas, this is my spot. The sandwiches are ALL amazing. No joke. The prices are also super affordable, so you can have more to spend on gambling? Haha. Alright, so the price really didn't matter to me. After all, it's Vegas, you could probably find a decent buffet for a little more, but I wouldn't mind having this every day for lunch. So good.I also love the location, if I remember in my usually non sober / sober when gambling state it's in PH so that makes it great for me and a nice location on the strip.Anyways, check it out in Vegas. I'll say it's one of my couple always go to stops in Vegas.
5	BEST. SANDWICHES. EVER.I LOVE sandwiches in general, but so many places just drop the ball--too oily, too little ingredients, etc.I had the Earl Club here, and it was fantastic. Perfect proportions of turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, etc. So tasty, and it was the PERFECT amount for me. They are healthier than a LOT of other sandwich places I have been to. My parents got the veggie sandwich, since they aren't too into meat. At most restaurants, a veggie sandwich means....lots of lettuce and not much else! This veggie sandwich was TASTY, healthy, and full of a variety of grilled veggies and melted cheese.I give this place 5 stars easily! I wish they would open up a store in the Bay Area though!!
5	Come here and grab a sangwich before you pre-game and then again after hoeing around in the club! the original and the tuna melt... that's maaaah faaavorite!!! enjoy!
5	Hawaiian Bbq & Caribbean Jerk! w/ salt&vinegar chips. nom nom. Amazing sandwich!!!! Good price but wished it was a little bigger lol I want this in Los Angeles!!
5	Original, Tuna Melt, and I remember correctly, a cupcake? Yeah. 3am never tasted so good.
4	Great prices for excellent sandwiches! Especially, for being in a casino on the strip.I've tried:The Full Montagu sandwichThe Hawaiian BBQ sandwichThe Earl's Cobb wrapGive it a try! You won't be disappointed!
5	This is def not a place that brings up the hype but end up being disappointed. IT LIVES UP TO THE HYPE. I've eaten about ~5 diffferent sandwiches on the menu and they were ALL VERY GOOD. If its your first time I suggest the Earl's club/ Montagu. they're very simple and delicious sandwiches. Every time we come to Vegas we NEVER i mean NEVER forget to come grab a sandwich. The plus side is that its INEXPENSIVE! The bread is at the right crisp and just compliments EVERYTHING. The line can get a little long after clubbing/eating hours but its worth the wait! You can tell by the lines how good it can be! this place is a MUST MUST try.
5	Earl of Sandwich is probably one of the spots I go to eat whenever I am in Vegas.  It's open 24 hours, which is great for after clubbing eats or even a quick meal before clubbing and/or a night of bar hopping.  I have been here a number of times and always try something different.  So far everything has been really good with the exception of one sandwich that i think was given to me in error.  Overall, I think this place is a gem of a place because it's cheap, tasty, quick, lots of different hot sandwiches, salads, and wraps to choose from, and is open 24 hours a day.
4	This is my go-to cheap dining option when I'm in Las Vegas.Every time I'm in LV I usually go here a few times when I don't want to blow a bunch of money.Go for the standard club and you'll be happy. At $7 it's a great deal.Watch out for the sandwich with pineapple in it! It's really weird tasting.Other that that, this place is awesome!
5	The best $6 or $7 I spent in Las Vegas, and probably the biggest bang for my buck, too. I got a turkey club with no mayo and it was fantastic. They have a ton of breakfast and lunch options and they are ALWAYS open. Seriously, this place cannot be beat. Really fresh, amazing options and open 24/7? That's nuts. Plus, they have all sorts of goodies and treats and good coffee, too.
5	This was all I ate in Vegas this past weekend.  I had no idea what to expect, but my friend was hyping this spot up before we even got there. This place far exceeded my expectations!  Over the course of three-ish days, I've tried the Hawaiian BBQ, Italian, and the Jerk Chicken.  The Hawaiian BBQ was my favorite, which consisted of grilled chicken, ham, pineapple, bbq sauce, perfectly melted cheese and toasted bread... is your mouth watering yet?!  This place is definitely worth a try.  Next time I visit sin city, I will make sure to come back here.
4	The sandwiches come on excellent bread.  It's freshly baked, has some flavor, and has a great texture for sandwiches with a somewhat crispy crust but a soft interior.  Unfortunately it's only white bread, there's no whole wheat or multigrain.  I tried the Original, which is a roast beef with chedder and I think horseradish(?). It was very good.  A balanced amount of fillings to bread, the meat had some flavor and was a good texture even if it wasn't astounding.  Ditto with the cheese and the sauce was tasty but didn't overpower the other flavors.  And it was something like $7.  I also tried a sugar cookie, which was fine and not chemically at all (that's amazing for a restaurant cookie) but I wish I'd read the short list of ingredients a little closer and noticed that there's no butter in the cookie...who makes a sugar cookie without flavor (butter)?  The salt and vinegar chips were good too.  I would go here again if I was looking for a relatively inexpensive meal and I was nearby but I don't think I'd necessarily go out of my way.
4	This sandwich place really hits the spot if you are gambling at Planet Hollywood. They got a variety of sandwiches but I really love the pulled pork sandwich. The lines here can get long, but its vegas and its a casino - rarely do you get great sandwiches in a casino.I can easily compare this to Capriatis in vegas (which I really do love). It is my favorite sandwich joint on the strip, and its only a bonus since I play at this casino frequently.
5	SFKSjFS FOODGASM FOODGASM FOODGASM. A 5 star rating from me is rare, but this place definitely deserves it. There's not much I can add on top of everyone else's reviews, but trust, it's AWESOME. I love it so much that I joined a couple of friends who were making a daytrip to Vegas (from LA) just to get this sandwich! The Full Montagu is my fav. Their mustard sauce is amazing and their bread is toasted to perfection. What makes a sandwich is their bread, and Earl of Sandwich scores a 10,000,000 on a scale of 10. So whenever you find yourself waking up in vegas (pun intended, Katy Perry), go go go!tip: This is actually located at the intersection of Planet Hollywood and the miracle mile shops, don't wander around the hotel like I did.
5	I came here for the first time in December 2010 pretty late at night and I really enjoyed my all american sandwich. I thought it was delicious, but I wasn't 100% sure if it really was delicious or could it have been because I was super hungry and a little bit drunk?However, I recently made another trip to Earl Of Sandwich before leaving Las Vegas, and this time I was sober. And let me say, the all american REALLY is DELICIOUS!! The cranberries in the sandwich is what made me love the sandwich so much more.  It's not something I expected to be good in a sandwich, but it is what makes the sandwich so amazing! My mouth is watering just writing about it.  My boyfriend ordered the Earl's Club and it was really good too, but after having my mouth watering, cranberry filled all american, the Earl's club couldn't compare.All in all, if your're in the area, you definitely need to try this place.  Amazing food for an unbeatable price in an awesome location.  It cannot be beat.
5	So you lost a few bills at Black Jack to a mean dealer who likes to hit 21 on his 5th card and the buzz from playing nickel slots is wearing off ... What'll make you feel better?  How about some delicious melted sandwiches?  Lke an oasis hidden in a plethora of overpriced burgers, Earl of Sandwich is just inside the main entrance of the Planet Hollywood. Once you have found it you'll be back to try another sandwich, unless you happen to have the Carribean Jerk Chicken, in which case you'll come back for the same sandwich.  Yes, it's that good and it's cheap! (relatively).On top of great taste and good prices, the service is quick and organized.  You even get a beeper to let you know when your freshly melted sandwich is ready so you can saunter over to the closest slot to put in all the money you saved.Earl, you're welcome on my lifeboat anytime!
5	Delicious late night food!  Yummm....The thanksgiving sandwich with cranberry sauce is to die for.
5	Very first time here despite being a resident for many years x.xPrices are great, and sandwiches are so good! I was very happy to see that my Original has toasty bread, not oily at all! When I read any ingredients such as mustard or horseradish, I immediately think sour tangy, which isn't my taste at all. But I was wrong. The moment I bit in, I was happy that all the ingredients complimented each other! The beef was soft, the spreads and cheese were not salty, you could taste everything altogether. Boyfriend and I switched the second half of our sandwiches. He had Full Montagu, which was also very delicious! I just wish this wasn't the only Earl in Vegas :(
5	Hot sandwiches for $6. Can't be beatSix dollar sandwiches, 24 hours and actually worth the money? You wouldn't think a place like this would exist in Vegas, but it does and its awesome.
3	Convenient eatery located in the Planet Hollywood Casino adjacent to the Magnificent Mile Shops. The "Original 1762" sandwich was meaty, toasted and excellent. That cannot be said about the vegetable soup which was bland, watery and actually quite bad. The chicken Caesar was very tasty but unfortunately the container was 3/4 full. The breakfast sandwiches were mediocre.Exc - Hot Sandwiches, convenienceGood - NoneAve - NonePoor - Veggie SoupWOULD I GO BACK? If I were staying there I would for the shear sake of convenience.
5	Cheap. Good. Fast.Enough said. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
4	Good sandwiches for reasonable prices.
5	Went here on a friend's recommendation and it was fantastic. This place  serves hot sandwiches at about $7 each. I had the earl's club because i love bacon in hot sandwiches. The bread was crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, just the way it should be. The turkey, bacon, cheese and veggies were all delicious and were packed in perfect proportions in the sandwich. Although we went at lunchtime, this place is open 24 hrs so its perfect for late night eats on the cheap, which is essential for post-nightclub inebriated munchies. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Best sandwich i have tasted period! Sanwhiches were hot and it's the best thing to eat whenever you are coming from a club or if you are just plain hungry.  Best of all, they are open 24 hours.  There is usually a long line at earls but the line moves pretty fast, unless they have to reboot their system.
4	there was a line when i got there but it moved fast...u order at the counter n then seat urself...full montagu: pretty good...i kan def see why they rave about these sandwiches...the portions are pretty decent as well macaroni salad: i'm not a fan but i don't normally like these things
5	Absolutely obsessed!  Being that this is open 24 hours and also completely affordable (sandwiches are $6 and soups are $3), it became my go-to place for breakfast, lunch, dinner and post-drinking munchies (too bad I didn't always have my phone to check in haha).  During my 3 night stay in Vegas this past weekend...I came here for ALL of my meals (minus Pink's and a pizzeria) and still didn't get tired of it!I've tried a few of their sandwiches (all were good), but my favorite has to be the tuna melt.  Being a tuna junkie, I can definitely say that not only is the tuna melt from Earl's my favorite sandwich on the menu, but it is probably my favorite tuna melt sandwich of all time!
5	Late night, a beautiful women approached me in Vegas while eating at the Earl of Sandwich. Her body illuminated the darkest corner of the restaurant with a glittering light show... her parting lips asked me if i wanted some entertainment for the night. Her face shimmered endless hours of fun...I had to reply. "I'm so sorry I can't ... I'm too full." Damn you Full Montagu with deli mustard!!!Damn you too Cannon Balls!!!
5	This place is probably the best place to find a good and affordable sandwich on the strip. Everywhere else on the strip is ridiculously overpriced. During my recent trip to Vegas with my boyfriend we decided to come here for a midnight snack after running around the strip b/c friends recommended to me. When we got there we saw that prices were reasonable with each one sandwich costing 5.99$. We decided to share the Hawaiian bbq sandwich (ham,chicken, pineapple, and bbq sauce) because it sounded interesting. This sandwich was amazing. It was like nothing like we've ever tasted. The next day for breakfast we decided to come back because there were a couple other things we wanted to try. This time we shared the best blt and it was also good. Not amazing but pretty good. Their bread is so crispy and nice so was the bacon so that was a plus. Seriously, if you want to save some money, eat here. It's worth the 6$ Also its 24 hrs now, so it's a great place to get hangover food!
4	Lost all your money playing blackjack and can't afford a fancy meal?  Or spent all night at the club, need to get your eat on?  Or just looking for a good old hearty sandwich smack dab in the middle of the strip?  GO TO EARLS!For $6, you get a meaty warm sandwich at any hour of the day!  Tomato Bisque Soup is always a must as well as the many different size-able salads that they offer for $7-8 bucks.My favorites:The OriginalFull MontaguHawaiian BBQ Tomato BisqueCome here any time of the day... breakfast, lunch, second lunch, third lunch, dinner... doesn't matter they are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Located at the entrance to Planet Hollywood Casino and the Miracle Mile shops... an easy walk and usually easy to find parking as well. Try this place out! Some of the best cheap eats in Vegas!
4	What can I say?  A great sandwich place that's opened pretty much 24 hrs a day on the Las Vegas Strip!  I recently stayed at the Planet Hollywood Towers, giving me every more reason to come here at least once a day to satisfy my cravings, whether it be for a regular lunch, or for post-drinking munchies.Though I'm not a huge fan of turkey, and despite its pretty bland looking description, the Earl's Club is super tasty, even without the A1-tasting sauce that you can add when you sit down.   The ciabatta bread is toasty good and as all great sandwiches go, there's an awesome balance of lettuce, tomatoes, and meat.I also get the Caribbean Jerk sandwich too, which has the same great qualities, except with a tangier taste and red and banana peppers that give it a sour kick.I've also heard that the Full Montagu is amazing as well, and I plan on trying it next time!
4	This is one of the best places to eat in Vegas. It is quick and compared to other places in Vegas, quite cheap. I recommend the Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The bread is toasted nicely and filled with a good amount of meat and other fresh ingredients. I also recommend eating the sandiwches with their special Steak Sauce. It is DELICIOUS. This place is great when you're sober and also good for drunk food because it is open 24 hours! Thank god for Earl of Sandwich!
4	God I love this place. Ever since I turned 21 back in 2009, I have been enjoying this eatery in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Ironically, the first place I stayed at in Las Vegas was at the PH and I got to enjoy this place up to 3 times during a weekend trip....Okay the star missing is because of their "factory-like" mechanical processing of their sandwiches now that they have 1100+ reviews and hundreds of hungry, drunk people wanting their food everyday. Hey, they're open 24 hours, so I understand their concern to be quick... but at the same time they are affecting their quality.In 2009/2010, I could enjoy multiple sandwiches that were fluffy and not mashed together by the server. Maybe I'm just bitter or maybe I glorified those first few sandwiches, but I don't think Earl will ever be the same. It's still worth the $6 for each sandwich compared to some pricey, fast-casual eateries on the strip, but I'd rather just go to the Monte Carlo Food Court and grab a McDonald's sandwich or Subway instead for less.If you're staying in PH, stay alert for the coupons as well. The location, btw, is at the entryway of their shops right off the strip.
4	I don't understand how a simple sandwich could vary in taste so much at places you go. I bought a Cannonball!, one of the hot sandwiches. It is basically, Meatballs, marinara, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese. My friends got the Best BLT, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and others. We all thought ours was pretty good. Obviously not the best sandwich we've ever tasted, but a step up from subway, quiznos, etc. And for $5.99, not bad at all especially on the strip! I am a real critic of bacon since i love it, and I have to say... that bacon on my friends BLT made me almost regret getting the Cannonball (even though it was delicious). It was crispy, yet not overcooked nor dry. And the bread is so simple, but it makes it taste damn good. I also got the frozen lemonade for $1.99. Best thing is that I can actually drink some of it without having to wait 30 minutes to melt. It was still frozen and slushy, but got about half way until i had to wait for the rest to melt/use a spoon. Oh wells, makes a good thing last longer. We were there at around 11am on a Sunday though and were still able to find a table that seated 6 people (with a couple other empty tables), so seating wasn't bad. Good prices, good food, good location, fast service. And I didn't even have to be drunk to enjoy it! Best thing is that afterwards, you can shop, go out to the strip, or go for a round of gambling.
4	I'm a believer!I told my friends that there's this sandwich place in Vegas that has affordable food but has a line that looks a mile long.  They're reaction?  A bewildered look thinking that I'm crazy to want to wait in a line that long for a sandwich.  How could could a sandwich really be right?  WRONG.  The sandwich is that damn good and I made a believer out of each and every one of them.The moment we got to the Miracle Mile area and they saw the line, they turned around and wanted to just go to McDonald's.  But as fate would have it, we ended up walking around the Miracle Mile for a bit and on our way back the line died down quite a bit.  It actually moves pretty fast, so don't be fooled by the length.  That's what she said...I ordered the Full Montagu and others ordered the Earl's Club.  Once we got their food, all my friends were talking smack about how ridiculous the line was but the moment they put the sandwich in their mouth...they all shut up.  One friend literally dropped his sandwich and said this was one of the best sandwiches he's ever had.  The must sprinkle crack in these sandwiches because everyone was hooked from then on. Great food and an affordable price on the strip.  I know I know...its unheard of right?  But Earl of Sandwich proves itself to be an exception the rule.  A must try for Vegas visitors!
2	Maybe I just tried the wrong sandwich or something because I wasn't really satisfied. I went with the Carribean Jerk Chicken and it was just okay; it was smaller than I thought it would be and the chicken tasted like it was microwaved. The best part of it was the bread, which like other have mentioned had that crunch all the way through. I might come back here if I stay at PH again but my first impression has me leaning towards taking the walk to McDonald's for some Hot 'N Spicy McChickens.
5	OMG, I love Earl of Sandwich. It's located in Planet Hollywood, and it's always crowded, but the line moves fast.  I order the Original 1762 (fresh roasted beef, cheddar cheese minus the horseradish, but add a little mustard).  The roast beef sandwich is on a warm, nicely toasted roll.  My hubby orders the Original 1762 with everything.  We'll either have potato salad or chips with our sandwiches.  The restaurant is between the mall and the casino, so it's lil' noisy.
5	Earl of Sandwich, you never fail to satisfy my starving tummy after a long night at the club. Forget the steak and eggs, go for Earl of Sandwich's Tuna Melt, Italian, Hawaiian BBQ, Earl's Club, and other amazing sandwiches.My favorite part about the sandwiches: The toasted crispy bread that's always perfectly toasted.
5	The FULL MONTAGU is where it's at. Among that one, tuna melt, and the caribbean jerk chicken, the full montagu is my favorite! It tastes better than it looks in their picture. This place really is a must-try in Vegas! Open 24 hours and sandwiches are only $5.99 and they are hot and delicious!!!!
5	Earl of Sandwich...you make my tummy smile =)After staying at PH one weekend, it was a must that I try Earl of Sandwiches!Now I know why the line to this place was so freakin LOOOOOONG!The sandwiches are amazing....super good...out of this world!On Day 1, I tried the Tuna Melt.....YUMMY YUMMY!On Day 2, I ordered The All American.....Turkey with cranberry dressing and cheddar cheese? Good Lord was that delish!!!Why can't there be an Earl of Sandwich where I live? I'll be in Vegas this weekend and you know I'll be making a pit stop here. I think I'll try the Full Montagu this time. I heard that sandwich will knock your socks off! This sandwich lover is satisfied!!!
5	Great food and filling! I had about four different sandwiches and all tasted great. Long lines but it moves fairly quickly. Seating is limited but your food is wrapped to go. Overall I would still go back and try more!
5	One of my favorite sandwich places. Especially now that it's open 24 hours, it definitely adds another star. I usually prefer not to make the long trek if I'm not staying at PH, as the walk from the parking structure is a bit lengthy. Wish they would do curbside pickup. haha.  Overall, a great fresh sandwich with quality ingredients and freshly baked bread. Can't be beat.
5	Tuna melt!!! Where have you been all my life? The tuna melt here is my ultimate favorite! Cheesy and creamy, yummy!You don't even to wait by the cashier for your sandwiches 'cause they have a buzzer for you when it's ready.
5	Oh my goodness. These are my 2 favorites! It is indeed the best hot sandwich ever. I don't even know how to describe. It's too much good stuff in yo mouth.Tuna Melt-contains: Freshly Made Albacore Tuna Salad & Melted Aged Swiss Cheese The Original-contains: Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. (the sauce makes the sandwich so much yummier!!)I can eat this for breakfast, lunch & dinner!Open 24 hours, located in Planet Hollywood.
5	Such a great find on Yelp!They offer very tasty hot sandwiches for such a deal when you compare most quick bites to eat on the strip!  Must try the Full Montagu! Great tasting!  I have also enjoyed their Classic Roast Beef, Veggie, and Tuna Melt.  I doubt you can go wrong w/ any of their sandwiches!  You can totally get stuffed one sandwich or share one w/ a friend.  Their fruit is pretty fresh.  I didn't like their Mac salad though! :(  Their cookies were delicious! Nom Nom Nom!They are now open 24 hours and serve breakfast!  Too bad I don't like breakfast!  This place is a great place for something a lil more on the healthier side esp if you had been blinge drinking!   The sandwiches don't give you that heavy sinking stomach feeling!  Wish they had one in Cali!
4	I'm going from strictly memory of my Earl of Sandwich experience.  My fat Hawaiian friend recommended this spot and after building his creditability with the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan, I gave in.  Earl's is pretty easy to find and is right across from the Sugar Factory.  The sandwich shop was pretty busy, but it could of been the holiday, 4th of July.The menu is extensive and consists of hot sandwiches, salads & wraps, desserts, breakfast items, and beverages and smoothies.  I opted for a hot sandwich, more specifically the Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  The sandwich is subtle and includes grilled chicken, roasted red & banana peppers, and their signature spicy jerk sauce.The sandwich was mouth watering delicious.  The chicken was nicely grilled and seasoned.  The lettuce, tomato, and peppers gave it that crunch, and their jerk sauce gave it that kick without overwhelming the overall taste. The food was awesome, but I do suggest ordering a large or two sandwiches, as I was left somewhat unfilled after my regular sized sandwich.  It's no five star sandwich but it's damn close.
4	Delicious hot sandwiches,  opened 24 hours, what more do I need to say?Oh, get the meatball sandwich! SO GOOD!
3	The sandwiches were good- mine was the best the "Original", others got the blt and the earl of montegue- just ok.  A lot of hype about this place with zero ambience and zero personality.  It's kind of like an assembly line with a lot of shouting and noise and pretty good sandwiches.  Nothing to write home about.  Their drink selection was quite bad.  The set up is like just get through the line already!!!  Pay me the money!!It is definitely Not a mom and pop shop, so why not go find one?  Please someone in Vegas find us a good sami shop!!!
4	As I am writing this, "Earl of Sandwich" has 1186 reviews and 4.5 stars for a rating. The short of it is the rating is TOTALLY deserved. It is not 5 star in my eyes because there are no pastrami, corned beef or Rubin offerings (a fact that the order taker knew all too well) and so I can't in all good conscious give it that  1/2 star. But boy howdy, they know how to make a sandwich.I had the "Full Montague" and my wife the "Club Sandwich". Both were done just right with tasty sauces on bread that could stand up to the true test of a sandwich, which is, can you eat it holding it in one hand with poker cards in the other hand? This means the sandwich is stacked right, pressed correctly, not too moist to soggy out the bun, does not dribble parts of it down your shirt and most importantly not fall apart. If it meets those criteria AND tastes fantastic you got yourself a winning sandwich. And at "Earl of Sandwich" you got yourself a winning sandwich.I am not going to go into more details; the other 1186 reviews will state more than I can ever write. But I will say this: I am a Vegas Local which means I normally do not head into the casino for a sandwich, it is just too much of a hassle, but that may change now that I have tasted the goodness of "Earl of Sandwich", and I don't know of any better recommendation."Earl of Sandwich" people, if you are reading this, open up one of these in North Las Vegas. I will drive to it; I will eat there... OFTEN. Please please please open one nearby. Amen!
5	I'm so glad my cousins showed me this place! I got the veggie sandwich, and not many restaurants can make a bomb veggie sandwich. They DID! the tomato soup is fantastic as well. I will definitely come back to try the other sandwiches! On top of that, open 24 hours! can't beat the late night munchies after a long night of dancing and drinking. Even the appearence of a fast food sandwich shop was very impressive, nothing spliied out while taking it back to my hotel. Great customer service and fast service. The sandwiches are neatly wrapped. Bang for your buck, very reasonable pricing, esp since you're in Vegas.
5	Believe the hype. You just gotta try it for yourself, if you haven't yet. Easier to get to if you enter from the south entrance of Planet Hollywood.Ordered the Full Montague and left feeling full. Their sandwich is smaller compared to other places like Subway or Quizno's but it delivers. I think what really makes the sandwich stand out is the toasted artisan bread. I wonder if you can buy the bread by itself. The meat combination makes it even better. They only offer baked/"healthy" chips, but they do sell cookies.
3	Overrated and overhyped.Definitely not worth its claim.  Yes, it has toasted artisan bread, but it has some unique sandwiches, but nothing worth raving about.Maybe I was just expecting too much, or maybe most people who have reviewed this have never had a sandwich with artisan bread, but it was a pretty mediocre sandwich.I tried both the Full montagu and the hawaiian one.Both were similarly unimpressive.Could've used an extra slice of meat to balance out the thickness of the bread.  Don't get me wrong -- the bread was good... though it would've been nice to have more variety.  But then it's not really my way.  The sandwiches are pretty much done as an assembly line so there's not customization.Better than subway?  Sure.  Worth the money?  Yeah.  Worth the hype?  No.  Would I come back?  Eh... don't think so.
5	I would come to Vegas just for Earl's... I would also book a room in Planet Hollywood just to eat here, haha. Everything on the menu is so good!! Combine that with really good pricing, fast moving lines, good service, open 24 hours..and you get one of my rare 5-star reviews :)I really recommend anything on the menu, but my favorites are the tuna melt, the club, the montagu, and the hawaiian BBQ, and please please pleaseeee get a cup of tomato soup, you won't regret it!!  And to top it off get the Earl Grey Lemonade to wash it all down. Ugh now I'm hungry!  Salads and wraps are also good here. And also the parfaits, I sound like a fatass but I don't care!!They really are the world's best hot sandwiches!
5	This is probably the only place (off the top of my head) that really, truly deserves a 5/5. Maybe even a 6.5/5. The business didn't pay me to say that. Although they could pay me in sandwiches... that would be my dream. To start, I didn't know about the hype at all; I've never even heard of this place until my friends and I stayed at PH so I had no clue that it was kind of a big deal. I came in with an open mind (and a growling stomach) to say the least. I think what initially attracted me to this place was that its open 24 hours. The fact that I could get food from this place at any point of the day is a big plus, especially since it's Vegas. People tend to lose track of the time from all the booze hounding they do. I kind of did. Anyway, I recall seeing a huge line up during lunch time and I was quite intrigued. I decided to try it and see what it was all about. My first sandwich was the Full Montagu. Roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and this Earl's Mustard sauce. Holy orgasmo in my mouth. Not even joking, it was so delicious. The bread was nicely buttered and toasted, moist meat, crisp lettuce, velvety cheese... and that sauce! Mouthwatering. I think the price helped a whole lot too. I don't remember how much I paid for it exactly but I think it was somewhere around $7 or $8. So worth it. I was so happy with my initial purchase that I decided to come back the next day and bring my friend along. This time we got the BLT, the Hawaiian and the Tomato Soup. The BLT was a jacked up BLT, not in terms of size but in terms of taste. It was really good. The Hawaiian had a spicy, smoky, sweet taste to it which I really loved. Another home run. But the biggest surprise for me in this round was the Tomato Soup. I have never tried a tomato soup as good as the one I've had there. It was nice and silky and the croutons! Oh my damn those croutons... Wonderfully soaking in the rich tomato goodness. I paid around $10 for the BLT and the soup. It was so worth it; the sandwich and the soup were nice portions and really good.Would I come back? Hell to the yes. Great food for a great price. So worth trying. I tell any of my friends that are going to Vegas to try this place. That's how impressed I was.
5	Tried this place for the first time this weekend and it was UH-MAZING! I had the earls famous club and that sauce they had was GREAAAT! absolutely loved it!  Girlfriend had the carribean chicken jerk or something like that, and it was good as well! cannot go wrong with either two.I need to try their breakfast they have
4	Been to Vegas a couple of times, but surprisingly, I never stopped by Earl of Sandwich. My girlfriend and I just arrived at Vegas and we were pretty hungry from the ride. We called up our friends, and told everyone to meet us up at Earl's.Earl's is located inside Planet Hollywood; which I thought would be a pain; however, it happened to be quite the opposite. We parked inside the parking structure and there was free valet service waiting for us. We headed inside and though it was a little bit of a maze to find the place, we eventually made it to our destination.The line was long; as expected. But it seemed like the workers there had a pretty good system down. We ordered a turkey/bacon sandwich, and by the time we made it to the register, it was only a couple minutes before our sandwich came out.The sandwich was super fresh, and with a little Dijon mustard, it melted in my mouth. I split half of the sandwich with my girlfriend, but I was pretty tempted to fight her for her half! It was a delicious sandwich, I would definitely go back!
3	So the lady has someone transport these sandwiches all the way from Vegas and here's the verdict. Tuna Melt - pretty damn good.  Bread seemed a bit much but the tuna mixed with the cheesy goodness was a good combination.  I can only imagine having it fresh to order.  (Guilty Pleasure)BLT - I'm not going to slam this too hard because as I said it was over 12 hours old and not microwave friendly.  (Thrown out due to dirty evidence)I'm gonna have to try this in person and then re-review.
4	it was mouth watering the first few times... then... it got boring. fast, cheap and good food for drunks is always a great option i guess. -1 star for always running out of soup! esp the broc and cheddar.
5	I eat here every time I'm in Vegas, it's been great every time. My favorite is the Jerk Chicken.  Prices are really reasonable.
5	SO good that I had it for LUNCH and after clubbing in Vegas!! The TUNA MELT was delicious!! They need to open one in Los Angeles please!! :)Cheap and tasty food in Vegas baby!!  :)ENJOY!!oh and did I mention...it's 24 hours and you can make a phone order for pick up from your hotel! :p
4	I've been to Vegas several times and I can't believe that I only heard about this place a few months ago. EARL'S CLUB SANDWICH = A MUST! I enjoyed and split the Earl's Club sandwich the first night and made sure to get my own the second time I craved it. Thank God my friends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood! The Earl's Club = roasted turkey, smoked bacon (mmm!), aged Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes & this yummy Dijon sauce. On top of that, the bread is toasted to perfection.
5	Thanks to yelp, I found this place on our last trip to vegas while staying at Planet Hollywood. Between all of the fattening buffets and the over-eating, we wanted a lighter yet still delicious lunch and were lucky to find this place. They offer hot toasted sandwiches with very fresh ingredients. I had the full montague and my bf had the earl's club and both were delicious (although we were eye-ing ppl's meatball sandwiches too). I really like the bread here and I was surprised at how affordable the prices were. $6 for a sandwich isn't bad at all. Seemed quite popular too, but service was fast. We would definitely come back to this place again next time we're in town.
5	You MUST come here at least once every time you are in vegas! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! The price is definitely priced cheaply for vegas. I have had the montague and the all-american. The all- american has turkey and cranberry and when a place offers this selection, I must have it! YUM. My friends and I order different sandwiches and everybody was satisfied. We come here late at night at times after going out clubbing. Such a great late night snack. The tomato soup is delicious, it comes with croutons.   When I was visiting my bf in NY afterwards, he was upset that I didnt bring him one!
5	For the price and location in Las Vegas this place can't be beat.  Nice sides, original sandwiches, HP steak sauce at every table... I average one sandwich for every day that I spend in Vegas.  Never had a bad one here.  If any place gets five stars in this town, it's Earl of Sandwich.
5	Terrific hot sandwiches at a great price in a nice casino.I had recommend "The Full Montagu" since that's the only one I got to try. The rest of the family each had a different sandwich and they loved their's too.If you're near Planet Hollywood, check it out.
5	Tis true.  Hail to Earl of Sandwich.  This mighty establishment has made a fine addition to our meals at all hours around the clock.  From the late night munchies of a Montague to the early morning hangovers of a Tuna Melt dipped in Brocolli Cheddar soup. And when there is no piling wait out to the slot machines...you'd be a damn fool for not taking advantage of that opportunity.  Best part: It's less than $10 for your soup and sandwich!  Try getting that kind of treatment anywhere else on the strip.  It's a rarity
4	Awesome hot sandwiches! Open 24 hours, perfect for an after clubbing cheap eat (~$6), especially if you live in Planet Hollywood. A tad bit on the salty side, so have a bottle of water with you when consuming. Minus 1 star because I was craving a salad that night and tried the Earl's Cobb. Avoid the salad, so sad looking and bland tasting. Stick with sandwiches and you can't go wrong!
5	I went out of my way to eat my Vegas lunch at Earl of Sandwich because, simply put, they are the best. When I say "best", I mean that in the literal dictionary definition of best.  I'm not just throwing that superlative out there haphazardly. The sandwiches here are the best! Period.Why? The meats are roasted fresh on location every morning. The bread is baked baked before your eyes fresh for your sandwich as soon as you place your order.The bread. Oh man...what kind of narcotics are they lacing that toasty loaf with? It is soo bloody good!To top it all off, it's only $6. It's the best $6 you'll spend in Vegas...Guaranteed!I highly recommend you try "The Original". It simply features Roast beef + Cheddar + Horse Radish served on their crazy good bread. The minimal amount of ingredients allow you to taste how truly flavorful each individual one is.
4	Came stumbling in after night of drinking and dancing with 2 of my gfs ready to get our grub on.  It was super late or super early depending on how you look at it but there were tons of people eating and a line forming out the door.  We ordered the hawaiian sandwich and the earl's club.  The sandwiches were fairly small but super delicious.  My eyes were way hungrier than my tummy cuz I was only able to take a couple of bites from each sandwich.  Each bite tasted better than the last.  I'm a little saddened I didn't eat any more because I am totally craving it right now.  The hawaiian sandwich was perfectly filled with pinneapples, cheese and meat. 6 dollars well spent =)
4	Try "The Original 1762" - it's roasted beef with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce on a freshly baked artisan bread plus add a lil' mustard...Mmmm!
4	I'm not a huge sandwich person so coming here I was expecting something that would blow my mind.I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I gotta say it was pretty good. The roasted peppers were a nice touch with a hint of spiciness. Bread was toasted perfectly and the chicken had a lot of flavor. Probably the better 2 of the ones a tried.I also had the Earl's Club which wasn't all that special. Fresh bread and veggies, bacon prepared well, and turkey is... well... turkey. Sandwich was good but nothing to be wowed about.Everything tasted pretty good but nothing really to go crazy for everyday. Great place to go in Vegas if you have the drunken munchies.
5	Even though there are 1,000+ reviews I'll still put my 2 cents in. After partying it up at Wet Republic we were starving. Since Earl of Sandwich is on the way back to the hotel we decided to stop by to get our grub on. I swear the walk from the MGM grand was the longestttt...we should have just taken a cab. When we got there the place was packed and there was a line, but it moved quickly. I ordered the full montague and macaroni salad. About 5 minutes later my sandwich was ready. Yes I was highly intoxicated, but the sandwich was amazing. It would have been just as good if I was sober too. That was also my cheapest meal in Vegas. Now that was my 2 cents.
4	Everyone raves about Earl's in Vegas. I'm a big fan of sandwiches so I was definitely down to grab some. It's not a large portion which is great on the go, cheap so it's easy on the wallet.My friend and I spilt a full montagu sandwich off their signature hot sandwich menu. The full montagu includes roast beef, turkey, aged swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and earl's mustard sauce between their artisan bread loaf. (Also great drunk food.)Go again? For sure.
4	Open 24 hours a day, Earl of Sandwich is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  There's almost always a line I heard, so I must have gotten lucky bc there was no line.  I got the Hawaiian BBQ and my friend got the Pastrami.  Both sandwiches were good, but my friend said his would have been better had he gotten a side of extra horseradish.  Bread is pretty good, too, and the sandwich is filled with ample meat.
5	Over the course of one weekend I had Earl of Sandwich 5 times. True, it's because they're much more affordable than lot of other places and the located 2 mins from my hotel room at PH but I have daydreamed of driving the 300 miles just for Earl of Sandwich. The convenience and affordable prices are just superb pluses to the food. Oh yeah they're open 24/7 and usually gets your orders really fast even when lines are long. The hot sandwiches are perfect in every way, may favorite is the club. This place will change your life!
5	Looking forward to trying all the sandwiches! Yummmmm..i had the Original, and the beef was so juicy, bomb.my girlfriend chose the Club and the turkey was moist like crazy..i've taken bites of the hawaiian, and oh man that bbq sauce is delicious.grey poupon (dijon mustard) makes the world go round. it's like my sriracha's soul mate. those two sauces should be the staple ketchup and mustard. prices are so damn cheap too, one day i'll go back to vegas and straight up bu one of each and feast with all the fellow drunkies hehe.
4	Date/Time:  Friday - 2pmOccasion:  LunchParty of:  TwoLocation:  Open-seating.  Cafeteria like. Order your sandwich and sit.Ordered:  1/2 Earl's Club with Turkey & 1/2 Full MontaguTotal incl gratuity: ~$6ppPretty darn good for a hot sandwich, I'll definitely give 'em that!  After a very eventful Thursday night at Tao, it was hard to drag my booty outta bed but my girlfriend and I decided we wanted sandwiches so we walked ourselves across the street to Planet Hollywood to get some sandwiches.  (We were staying at the Cosmo.  The walk wasn't too bad, btw).Much on the menu looked tempting but my gf ordered one and I ordered another and we each ate half.  Both were pretty tasty but I'd have to say the club wins by a hair!  Bread is nice and toasty but not overly toasty where it's crunchy.  The sauces and the meats were perfectly portioned.  The sandwich is good enough that when you finish it, you actually want more.  Come to think of it, I really should have ordered another one for Saturday morning because the same thing happened.  Eventful night at XS = no desire to get up in the morning and walk to get something to eat.  Nonetheless, very tasty and inexpensive place to grab a fuifilling lunch!  $6.00. Oh heck yeah!  Cheapest meal in Vegas to date!
3	Meh...I dont know what the big craze it...its just a toasted sandwich...it's at the level of a Quiznos! Went there on Saturday...tried it..and wasn't impressed.Went there on Sunday to see if it can redeem itself...NOPEI rather have a good sandwich from SF.
5	best sandwhich in vegas...must try...italian is the best by far....
5	I'm sure all has been said before..but I have to write another fantastic comment.  Pros: -6.50 a steaming hot sandwich after tax and it located right on the strip.-The service is speedy, all the ingredients taste fresh-Way better than Quizno's, Subways and Capriotti's combined.  Quiznos and subway gives way too little meat and Capriotti's is a bit more expensive and takes longer to make.  Earls is hot, fresh and has a good amount of meat in them.  :)Everyone I know who's tried this place loves it! :) (That means not just the drunks who stumble upon this place but local sober friends continue to come back as well )If you dont give this place a try, you are missing out! :)
5	FREAKING DELICIOUS!!I had the All-American Sandwich which was sooo good.  The turkey and cranberry combo is to die for.  The line was a bit long, but it was so worth it.Definitely a must-visit in VegasAlso, compared to everything else in Vegas, this was actually reasonably priced!
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed my favorite late night (actually all day) food in Vegas yet! it's cheap, fast, and so good! I always get the Full Montague. The last time we went to Vegas, we stayed in PH Towers 2 br suite. We weren't excited for the suite, we were excited for the fact that Earl of Sandwich was in the casino downstairs!! And trust we took advantage of that lil sandwich spot 2 times a day. I don't think I've had better drunk food.
4	The sandwiches here are awesome. There are many choices, and everyone will be pleased if you come here. Also, the price is right. Some small complaints would be that the bread is equivalent to the bread served at Subway - they just toast the outside a little bit. Yet again, minor complaints. Also, the salad is not as fresh as possible, and some of the lettuce had brown spots. I highly recommend the Tuna Melt, the Club, and the Cannonball. Also, the tomato soup as a side is delectable. If you are looking for a delicious sandwich during your time in Vegas, this is the place to go. It is also open 24 hours, so it would be the perfect late night snack!
3	Dont get me wrong, enjoyed the food at this place but i do believe it was over-hyped. I ordered the tuna melt with chicken tortilla soup and my bf ordered sthing else i forgot (sorry!) Although the tuna melt was delicious i just didnt think it was worth the 6bucks just b/c it wasnt amazing in my opinion and for size was a lil much. even though yes it is a bargain for food on the strip...and 3bucks for barely a cup of soup? gees...and there was hardly any chicken in this soup...but! it did taste good, i just wouldnt get it again. the people there are rude or seem just tired out...im sure theyre sick of tourists but cmon now if im saying "hello and thank you" to you when you never said either of those to me first...yeah sthings wrong there.another day later during this same recent trip to vegas, my bf and i went clubbing at tao..and of course i was one...drunk, two- tired as fuck, three- hungry...so we had to resort to earl's since it is in our hotel and its open @2am. these two black chicks in front of us came back from clubbing as well (and i know this b/c when we girls are carrying our heels and walking around barefooted..its from clubbin')..the cashier was flirting with them and i was getting annoyed bc i was fucking tired, drunk & hungry...and here is this dude with his mini dreadlocks tryna spit game while myself and the line wrapping around the corner are tryna get our food! poor guy didnt get a 2nd look nor their #'s haha. so when we were finally next, we ordered one jerk chicken sandwich and a cup of chicken noodle soup. i know why did i order soup again? because for me it cures some of my drunkyness for an hr haha. plus i also wanted to see if another of their soup could redeem itself. jerk chicken was ok, wasnt amazing like some people had mentioned..i would say the red peppers helped that sandwich's ass out in making it taste at least good. soup was better than the tortilla soup surprisingly.not saying its not worth the try, just dont expect so much from it :]
4	after rolling out of bed WELL past breakfast & lunch, earl of sandwich sounds like a great vegas-cheap eatwe shared 2 of their signature hot sammies! which aren't amazing BUT when you're hungry in vegas & on budget... the toasted bread & ingredients do wonders----the full montagu----the carribean jerk chicken!NOTE: everyone's got the same idea..you'll probably run into someone you know here.. soOOo look alive!!!
5	A great place to get a sandwich at anytime of day. Earl's delivers with its top ingredients and it's awesome selection of Sandwiches.
5	Got 4 different sandwiches and split it up among 4 of us. All of them were excellent. I didn't bother moving out anything I didn't like and just ate it, which I rarely do. Tuna melt and original are really worth trying out. Price is great especially in vegas.
4	I wouldn't call it the "world's best sandwich" but it was Planet Hollywood's best sandwich for sure. Great place if you are on a budget. A sandwich costs around 7 dollars which isn't too bad compared to most other places. Ingredients were fresh and service was quick so that's a major plus. I tried the Full Montague...which was a hot sandwich with roasted turkey and roast beef. It was yummy! So good, I had it twice during our trip. Best part is they are open 24 hours so it's the perfect place to hit up after a night of drinking.
5	The soup is great. Sandwiches are fresh. Can't go wrong here and it's covenient to the casino floor!
3	After hearing a lot of good things about this place, I definitely had to try it the next time I was in Vegas. Came here after going out on our first night. Luckily, it's located in Planet Hollywood, so we were able to change into regular clothes & didn't have to be in our dresses & heels, haha.I ordered The Earl's Club. It was good, but nothing amazing about it. Price was decent though. I wish I liked this place more. Maybe people just hyped it up too much for me? I mean, it's good..just not to die for.Open 24 hours? Good move, haha.
5	This place is LEGIT.  Pros:- Middle of the strip located on the Las Vegas Blvd of the strip in Planet Hollywood- $5.99 sandwiches, which means it'll probably be the cheapest meal you eat in Vegas- Around the corner from Fat Tuesday- Not a long wait AT ALL when I came at 6PM on a Sunday- AMAZING, YUMMY SANDWICHES- Open 24 hours I ordered the Full Montagu because Yelp told me it was one of their best ones and for once, Yelp didn't lie.  It was AMAZING.  So good and everyone in my group of 7 said it was one of the best sandwiches they've ever had in their life.  We were with one local who bought 2 and while at first we thought she was just being a fatty, when we all got back to the hotel, we ALL were wishing we had bought an extra one.Earl of Sandwich, I'm coming back to you EVERY SINGLE TIME.Hell, it makes me want to stay in Planet Hollywood the next time I go to Vegas just so that it's much more conveniently located.Yelp 365 challenge #4
5	This was the main reason we stayed at Planet Hollywood this past weekend! EARL'S!!! We stayed at Planet last year too and we came back just for this!! One of the best hot sandwiches I've ever had in my life! I usually get the Original which is roast beef, cheddar cheese, and horseradish sauce!! (YUM!!). The Hawaiian is awesome too, consisted of Ham, Pineapple, Chicken, Swiss Cheese, and BBQ sauce. I've had Earl's for breakfast lunch dinner and midnight snack!!Lines can get long but moves fast I think. Def a stop everytime I'm in Vegas!!Damn it NYC!! Open up already!!
4	After like 4 trips to Vegas in the past 3 months ... I figured it's time to try this famous sandwich spot. Needless to say, I was quite pleased.My friend got the original full Montague, whereas I decided to be a little different and got the Italian sandwich. Pretty damn good if I must say so myself. The bread on both sandwiches were beautifully toasted and each sandwich was the perfect size to wrap your lips around and take bite after bite after bite. Not too greasy and not too filling. Twas a quite amazing sandwich.My only problem with this place is the location and the wait (at least a 30 minute wait). So, if you're near Planet Hollywood, by all means, please please try this place. BUT, if you're not ... just be prepared for the trek. And sometimes, they run out of the full Montague. So, get there before they run out! A definite place to try if you're in a Vegas.
5	Best place to eat and cheap if you're one of those who spends load of cash in Vegas!  Open 24 hours in Planet Hollywood, best drunk munchies after clubbing, gambling, getting drunk, etc.  BUT also great for lunch or dinner.  I absolutely love the Cannonball (meatballs, cheese, and marinara) and Full Montagu (turkey, roast beef, swiss, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and sauce).  Probably all the sandwiches are good here.  They are toasted & the cheese is melted perfectly on their bread (kind of reminds me of Quiznos, but way BETTER) Definitely a MUST-GO to place and its all under $10!Sooooo want to go back to Vegas and eat this again... probably next month? :)
3	My sister ordered a chinese chicken salad and The Montagu.Chinese Chicken Salad - Pretty blah.The Montagu - It was ok, but not great.Overall, the prices are reasonable and it's open 24/7.We went on a Saturday night and it was a bit crowded from the club goers, but line moved pretty quick.
4	There's not much more that I can say about Earl of Sandwich that hasn't already been said. Fresh and delicious ingredients inside freshly baked bread. At $5.99, it's a good bargain, especially for Vegas. It's conveniently located just yards from the strip and is now open 24 hours. A great alternative to your typical fast food place. Yep, I'm a fan.
5	OMG, I try to avoid sandwiches because they provide me with too many carbs LOL, but when I come to Vegas, I have to eat here. Its bad, I know, I have to order 3 sandwiches everytime!Montagu, Club, and the Original. Ill eat two at one sitting, and the other one thats left I'll eat when I get back to the room.I wished they had one here in SoCal. I'd invest haha
5	I like to consider myself a food connoisseur of sorts... I love food. I also LOVE Vegas! I stumbled (and yes, I mean Stumbled Literally) on Earls early one morning. I said "sure, ill eat that" I thought wow this is pretty good. Woke up the next morning and told my buddy that i had the best sandwich Ive ever had last night. He was like: Sure, drunk food is always good" We tried it again and yes, it is the best sandwich I have ever had. The Original is my absolute favorite. Roast beef, cheese, and some horseradish sauce.... delish!I look forward going back to Vegas Specifically to go to Earls. They do not have one in Phoenix and this is the closest one to where I live. I have taken several people and they all agree its awesome! Did I mention sandwiches are all about the bread and this place had nailed it!!
5	THE BEST SANDWICH EVER! I got the caprese it haad a bit too much balsamic but still good!! LOVE IT! Im going here for lunch when i am in vegas!
5	Found this place wandering through Planet Hollywood shops in order to take advantage of air conditioning on my way to the bus stop.  Early morning & most of the shops are closed, but this place is open 24/7.  Breakfast sandwiches, 4 bucks.  So I'm thinking I'll end up with somthing like an egg mcmuffin.Wrong.  The Ham and Swiss breakfast sandwich on the menu comes with sour cream and some kind of mustard sauce.  I requested mine without the sour cream and mustard, just a little mayo instead.  It came on about a 4 1/2 square foccacia packed with about an inch of finely shaved ham that was oh so delicious.  Outside of the sandwich was lightly crispy and the whole thing tasted like smoky buttery yummmm.  It was so good I had breakfast there on another morning during my stay and brought same sandwich to one of my co-workers.  Highly recommend for frugal & delightful breakfast.
5	It was pretty busy when we got there.  Don't let the line deceive you, it zips by really quick.  You'll be too busy looking at their wide selection anyways.  I ordered the Montagu (roast beef, turkey, tomato, lettuce, cheese) and my boyfriend ordered the Earl Club.  We shared chips, mac salad, and a cupcake coronet.  $5.99 for a sandwich,  $1.79 for mac salad,  $1.95 for the dessert.**SIDE NOTE:  Drinks DO NOT come with the sandwich.  So don't be the loser that later tries to jump the line to buy a drink when the cashier asked if you wanted anything else and you say "no"---cuz that was totally me***  Ok, back to the experience...so I got my sandwiches.  I felt like I got the golden ticket to sandwichy goodness.  Right when I peeled open the golden wrapper, I heard singing.  I took my first bite and felt like this was my first time eating a sandwich!  Forget you ever had sandwiches, because if you tried the melt-in-your-mouth Montagu, it makes all the sandwiches you ever had in your life seem like Lunchables cracker stackers.  Amaaazzing!!  This was one of those times I forgot to take a picture, because the food was so good.  I definitely will go back!
5	OH MY F'N GOD! I'm already home and the thought of this place is still making me organism... i mean orgasm!Finally I got to try the famous tuna melt. I don't know what it is, but its so damn tasty. I've never had a tuna melt blow my mind before. When I went back to Earl's on the second day, I told myself I was going to order something else. And as soon as I got to the register the words "Tuna Melt w/ Tomato" came out of my mouth instantaneously.Don't let the line scare you. They get it moving really fast.Earl's of Sandwich, you have seriously changed my life. I will be back FOR SURE!
5	There is a huge ass line for this place at all hours, but it's totally worth it!!Everyone in my group absolutely LOVED whatever sandwich they got. You can't go wrong with any of them. If you have some time to wait, definitely do it, cause you're not gonna regret it!Oh and it's not expensive...!!! It's located in Planet Hollywood :)
5	OMG this place opens 24/7 andd have the best sandwiches I have ever put into my mouth.  It was almost orgasimic once I swallowed that first bite LOL BTW I ordered the full Montagu and it makes subway taste like shit! Highly recommend this place for a delicious and cheap bite!
5	Heaven's gift to mankind- 24 HR Earl of Sandwich!!!! So good! The bread is on point. Toppings are wonderful. I tried the Original, Caribbean Jerk, and the Club. All yummy and delish and worth the wait. I literally craved coming back here everyday of my trip. I will stay at PH more often :)
5	Jay Z said it best, "I love Earls, Earls, Earls, Earls. Earls I do adore"
4	$5.99 hot sandwiches (which is on the cheap side for a meal on the Vegas strip)Inside Planet HollywoodWalk up & order service ( line goes quick)I tried The Earl's Club!  It is a hot sandwich & made on their Artisan bread!  It was very good!  We were surprised how it filled us up too!  Definitely a good place to eat while on the strip without breaking the bank!!I went to their website to find out they are in TX (San Antonio & Sugarland )& FL(Downtown Disney)!
3	I had to try this place out during my stay this past weekend at Planet Hollywood. Had there been other 24-hour options in PH, I likely would not have gone back a second time, but at 4:30 in the morning this is the only place you can get food in the hotel (and after 6 hours of stilettos, there was no way anyone was dragging me outside). Probably the best thing about this place is that it's priced reasonably for a well-established Vegas eatery (and certainly more reasonably than the $20 room service wrap).On my first visit, I tried the chicken caesar wrap, and it was average. There was a ton of lettuce compared to everything else that was on the wrap, and the tortilla was on the stiff side. Overall it was just okay, but out of 5 girls only a couple enjoyed their sandwiches. On my second early-morning visit I got the caprese sandwich, which Earl's was kind enough to customize for me, but in general I left relatively unimpressed.Next time, I will stick with leftover P.F. Chang's after a big night out!
5	After reading a yelp review about this place I knew I had to try it. And since I was staying in Planet Hollywood, it was the perfect opportunity! True to the reviews, this place serves up big sandwiches for very good prices (less than $10). I got the tuna melt. Oh man they stuck a huge chunk of gruyere in there and even got it to melt! Awesome! I only finished half of it in one sitting. And it was still yummy 4 hours later. I came back the next morning for a muffin. You know this place is good since there is always a huge line out the door!
5	Okay this place is amazing - AND its open 24 hours!!! If you're staying in Planet Hollywood, you're even luckier cause its an elevator ride away. I've been to another Earl's before and I feel like this one was WAY better. The bread is toasted to a crispy, brown perfection!! Italian is delicious especially with dijon mustard. You can't go wrong with Earl's EVEN if you hate sandwiches. Quick services, super affordable, super delicious and everything you want in a sandwich!
5	When in LV this is my go to place for a savory meal that doesn't break the bank. I get the All American and chocolate cupcake with sprinkles. Its the cranberry sauce that does it for me. It is to die for... YUM!
3	Basic sandwich shop. A good option for a quick lunch good quality.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!You MUST come here when you're in vegas especially after a long night of dancing, it's amazing! The sandwiches are amazing and it's pretty cheap! I've tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Roast Beef and both are AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! The roast beef is so moist and tender and the sauces are so good! The Caribbean Jerk is full of flavor and it will definitely wake you up when you're eating at 5 in the morning. Warning: lines at night are usually really long but it's totally worth it!
4	They are open all the time and carry cheap but excellent hawaiian bbq, carribbean chicken and the original roast beef sandwiches.   I find such great balance of flavors in these sandwiches.  I personally love the bread...warm, toasted, slightly crunch but soft....I mean come on!  getting this right is hard. well, they have been making this sandwich for 250 years now...I guess they should get it right just by now...right?  =)
4	My favorite little sandwich place! And I always try to make a stop there while in Vegas. Its delicious and cheap!My favorites:The Veggie SandwichThe Caprese Sandwich or wrapAlthough the caprese is one of my favorites, they need to add some sort of spinach or mixed green lettuce to this. If not, you have a greasy delicious meal of buttered bread with cheese, tomato, basil and sprinkles of balsamic vinegar. The balsamic vinegar is out of this world good and the bread is amazing. But I can't help but feel like I will start breaking out or that my arteries are clogging after eating this. Add some spinach!! On the other hand, I suppose thats the type of meal someone is looking for when drunk or hung over in Vegas. Maybe I shouldn't eat there sober.The service is to be expected being a place where you place your order, find your own seat and grab your food when your buzzer goes off. Nothing special but the food will be a burst of rainbows, love and joy in your mouth. Eat on!
5	Wow....that's the best way to sum up this place. They have the most delicious sandwiches for really affordable prices......and it's open 24 hours! This is the perfect spot to grab a bite to eat before you head up to sleep after a night of partying. You may have to deal with some wasted tourists but it's so worth it.
5	All American - turkey and cranberry sauce. I'm in. I like Earl so much that it makes me want to stay at Planet Hollywood for the sole purpose of walking downstairs for a sandwich (and/or soup).
5	look forward to this everytime I'm in vegas!All the vegetarian options are tasty.. and my omnivorous friends seem to love the Thanksgiving style one. Open all the time.. inexpensive and always soo good! :)
4	This place is worth all the hype it is a great sandwich for a good price. It just sucks its IN the planet hollywood i wish it was off the strip.
4	One of the best values on the Las Vegas strip!For less than $15, you can get a sandwich, side of potato or mac salad and a drink.  Sandwiches and sides are very tasty and will keep you full for a while.  I wish there were more veggie options, but you really can't go wrong with a caprese sandwich!
4	OMG! The full montagu is soooooo good! Roast beef with Turkey. Everything is made to order and hot! Great meal after a night of partying. Thank goodness for it being open 24 hours. The prices are very reasonable too. I couldn't even finish my sandwich because it was so big. I'm drooling and wishing I had this sandwich in front of me right now.
5	YAY! This is yummy.I came here twice, each for lunch, for my time in Vegas.I got to share a Carribean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu with a friend of mine. I also got to try the tomato soup as well. I think my favorite that time was Carribean Jerk Chicken.Next time I got the Earl's Club and damn that was good too. The food was good for its price. $6 for a sandwich YUM.Can't WAIT to go back!
5	So delicious! Our group of 8 ordered a variety of sandwiches and no one had any regrets. For you vegetarians, I suggest getting the caprese over the vegetarian. The cheese with the vinaigrette...so good. I'm drooling while reminiscing.
3	came here for lunch on some recommendations. ordered the original, the italian, and the full montague..  all sandwiches came out roasty toasty, and nicely wrapped.they are not huge sandwiches, but def well made.. the bread is nice and fresh..  not a ton of filling.. but just enough to hit the spot.. prices are fair, and they are now open 24 hours.. which means.. late nite drunk food.. i've had much better sandwiches elsewhere.. but for a non belly busting vegas meal.. roll on thru!
5	Earrrl all day errday!Want breakfast but no time for a sit down joint? Go to EarlNeed something to hold you off before your big Dinner? Earl GotchaLost your stack at the table and need a cheap break? Earl understandsLooking where to go after the club? Earl After HoursOpen 247 in one of the better gambling casinos near city center.  This place is just too convenient, too cheap, and too good.  One of the best values around, these sandwiches could easily be going for double the price.  I've had almost every sandwich on the menu and all are excellent.  The key is the toasted artisan bread.  Here are my favorites.The All American - cranberry sauce makes this one stand outThe Italian - meat lover special right hereGet a soup and dip your sandwich in it, BOMBIZZZLE!Soup & Sandwich for less than 10 bucks.  In and out in 15 mins.  Back to the tables.This place is crackin' late night.  There will be a line but it'll go quick and be filled with honeys.
5	Earl of Sandwhich has the best sandwhiches...HANDS DOWN!!!!Stayed in Vegas for a week and ate at Earls 3x's a day...  The carribean jerk chicken is the best, followed by the all american and the earls club.
5	I was recently in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party and I was reunited with Earls. Still as good as I remember it! We stayed at Aria so it was a bit of a walk to Planet Hollywood (most of thru the Crystals Mall Plaza) but it was totally worth it! I had to get my favorite Cannonballs! and it was delicious. Meatballs were delicious, the sauce was sweet and flavorful, and the cheese was melted nicely on top. I also tried the Earl's Club, Italian, and their Tomato Soup. Everything was oh so yummy. Their ingredients are so fresh and you cannot beat their prices! The long line that is always present should be a strong indication of how amazing this place is. NYC LOCATION OPEN UP ALREADY PLS!!!!!
1	LET'S KEEP THIS SIMPLE: I don't like to give people the eyesore of their epic experiences, word for word and about how we sat down and the waitress rolled her eyes and what not.SERVICE: sucked BALLS. Immature workers goof around and flirt with each other. Take forever to make anything.FOOD: Def, not the best. To me, SF has wayyy better sandwiches. Didn't like the bread. & the meat was just ok.SANITATION: (most important to me) clean I guessWHAT I GOT: pastrami sandwich.SO WHATS THE BIG DEAL??not sure!! I came around 3am. My sandwich was cold. bread was soggy. Someone please enlighten me!! girl took 15 mins just to make lemonade??!?! Maybe I came at a bad time...? wish I had a better experience, everyone seems to love it!OTHER NOTES:-24 hours!-no hot chocolate!! =[[[[ I was really craving it.-Maybe everyone's buzz/drunk/hungover. making it taste better. LOL
4	i've been here twice so far on diff trips..1st trip-jerk chickenon my first try i would've given it a 1* but looking back i'd just tell myself my taste buds were out of whack and didn't have much of an appetite from partying too hard.. i had to force myself to eat this sandwich so that's probably why i didn't think it was anything special2nd trip-full montagu: they crisp the bread just right so that the inside is still nice without being crumbly.. liked this sandwich more than the jerk chicken-ice cream sandwich: huge brownie split in the middle with vanilla ice cream inside.. after eating the sandwich with salty chips, it was a great way to end the meal depending on how im feeling and how hungry i am, i'd go back to this place.. and why not? its cheap, fast, easy.. everything you'd want in vegas.
4	Short but sweet review affordable prices and tasty food can't beat that. They can toast you're bread if you wanted it toasted. Oh yeah friendly service too boot!!!.
3	I think it was just the sandwich I got cuz everyone else was raving about their sandwiches. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was not what I expected. It did not taste like the usual caribbean flavor, but some other sauce with chicken and a few slices of bell peppers. The sauce was a white-ish cream color when I expected some brown colored sauce.But order your sandwich, get a buzzer, find a seat and wait for it to be ready. They pack it to go, but we were lucky to find a seat for 6 people and ate there before our 5 hour drive back to SD.The sandwich was still decent, esp for the price of $5.99, but I wish I had gotten one of the deli meat sandwiches. I'll probably have to come back to judge again, but the sandwich I got was alright.
5	This sandwich shop is probably a place I will always visit whenever I'm in Vegas. I've yet tried a sandwich that is NOT good. At another time when I visited, everyone in my party ordered a different sandwich and cut them up to try. I don't exactly remember what we ordered, but each one of the 7 we tried were ALL delicious!!! You know the term "melt in your mouth", well that's exactly what the sandwiches here do!! What makes it even better is that it's opened even after hours! Since it's so good already even when you're sober, imagine how it'll taste after hitting up the clubs with a few drinks in ya....
4	Awesome tomato soup. Can be long lines, but it moves quickly.
3	I need to gripe. Previous to my most recent visit, this was my go-to spot for a breakfast of Greek Salad w/ grilled chicken. I would have easily given it 5-stars.It's cheap and the only place within walking distance that even sells salads this early in the a.m. (they're open 24-hours), not to mention that I actually really ENJOY eating them. So I'm staying across the street at the Aria and I make the trek through City Center, across the bridge, through treacherous construction and finally through the PH casino all for this salad.I didn't get my salad. The girl behind the counter said they weren't available. I assumed they were out of a vital ingredient since I've ordered this salad plenty of times at this hour. She said they might have the salad later that afternoon but I could order a wrap instead. I was mystified by this since they were the same ingredients but in a pita??? After pressing the issue I discovered that the reason she couldn't sell me the salad was they were out of the proper container. Seriously.I asked if I could order it and have it served in cups or any other container they had available, I just really wanted the f***ing salad. She had the nerve to look at me like I was crazy!She obviously isn't going to win any awards for creative problem solving but she not only lost a sale that day (and the whole rest of the weekend!) but she lost 2 stars as well.Note to Management: I still really dig your food and will most definitely visit again but you may want to have a meeting with your employees regarding customer satisfaction and thinking "outside the box".
5	the original the best!!!!! also tried the full montague and their tomato soup tasted like spaghettiO's =)
5	If I could marry a sandwich, it would be one from Earl of Sandwich. Yes, that's how much I love them.I discovered this gem inside of Planet Hollywood awhile back and I make it a point to visit at least once every single time I'm in Vegas. There's nothing better than a hot sandwich when you've been drinking the night away.I couldn't really tell you which sandwiches I've had since I've had most of them. My favorite and go to is usually the Hawaiian BBQ. Grilled chicken, roasted ham, cheese, BBQ sauce and fresh grilled pineapple. Seriously? Yeah it's fantastic. If you go in November, please don't miss out on their holiday sandwich. Turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy, and stuffing. YES, STUFFING. I wish they had it year-round because then I could have Thanksgiving in my mouth year-round.Earl of Sandwich has other items like soups, salads, wraps, desserts, but I don't care. It's all about that golden brick of deliciousness.
4	I love Earl's!!! I normally don't crave sandwiches after a night of drinking and dancing, but Earl's is a different story. Earl's is open 24 hours, the sandwiches are relatively cheap, and they're delicious!! I usually get the Full Montagu, and I love that the sandwich is assembled first and THEN toasted to perfection. All the ingredients, even the vegetables still remain fresh. Writing this review just makes me want one now.  Yummmmmm.
5	I think Earl of Sandwich is the only place I've Yelped that has more than 3 pages of photos, and I think that really says something.I split a Carribean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu with Nina Y., and I loved every single of each of them. I'm not big on sandwiches, but big boy Earl really did it for me.If I had to pick, the Montagu would probably be my favorite. The mix of roast beef, cheese, and especially the mustard was a phenomenal combination. The jerk sauce in the Carribean Jerk Chicken was also really great, and took all the bland flavor out of the chicken. Seems like their sandwiches are all about the sauce!$6 for a quick and delicious lunch is something hard to find on the strip. You might wait in line for a good 20 min, but it's well worth it!
2	I don't understand the hype. I had the Carribean Jerk Chicken. Something about it just tasted boring. When I go back and get a different sandwich I will update. This sandwich was just too greasy for me, and not enough ingredients with really doughy bread. Great if you are drunk. I'm headed for Capriotti's next time, they have sandwiches I dream about.
1	This sandwich rocked face!!!! Full Montague, Cannonball and the Hawaiian all hit the spot!! It's safe to say I was hungry, and drunk!!! I'm a fan!! So why the 1 star???? Well besides not wanting to be a conformist and give this place 5 stars like you other thousand + yelpers I was let down big time..It was really disappointing to find out how restrictive Earl of Sandwich is with their franchising. The only reason I bring this issue up is because of a huge sign they have in their dining area talking about how great their franchising opportunities are. Upon investigation they have less than 20 locations worldwide and that's including the 3 that are "coming soon". I figured these low numbers were due to this being a new franchise. NOPE. From reading their franchise application I was left with the feeling that I would have better luck applying for a senior executive position at Google. Also I live in California which seems to be on their black list of states they will not enter into. Its a shame because there are some Cali hot spots Earl of Sandwich would thrive in, no question. O well...Great Food...you will not be disappointed.
5	I don't recall being that impressed with the Earl the first time I had it, so when my friend insisted we go, I was not very excited, but seeing that most of our group was headed out, it seemed like a great choice for our last meal together!Located inside the Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood, it is certainly at the hub of the Vegas strip!  I ordered the Earl Club (the only one with his name in it!) and absolutely LOVED it.  What truly makes Earl of Sandwich so great is the fact that all the ingredients are fresh.  Additionally, the bread is PHENOMENAL.  I definitely had dreams about it and cravings for in the week that followed.Overall, GO, GO, GO! It is AMAZING, especially for the cost! All sandwiches are under $10 and are certainly worth the price! :D Pick a sandwich that sounds good to you and I guarantee you will fall in love!
5	So after you decide you need to sober up from inebriation, come here and get yourself damn good sandwich(es). We tried the caribbean jerk and tuna melt and both were fantastico! I would definitely like to go back and try their other sandwiches. Pretty inexpensive (for vegas). There was kinda a long line, but it moves fairly quickly.
5	No BS, THE best sandwich I have ever had in my life. And it was even during my few sober hours in Vegas, so drinks had no influence on me and the pure pleasure of eating said sandwich. For the life of me, I cannot recall what sandwich I got, but from the reviews, it appears that I can't go wrong, and all will live up to the memory of that one perfect sandwich.As is the rest of Vegas, this place is packed, loud, and sometimes full of drunks. Fine by me! I'm usually one of them! But the line does move quickly, and the eating area is clean. It's really not a bad spot to sit and enjoy the food with a few friends. The arrangement of the eating area makes it a little hard to cater to a larger group (if you move tables you block off the walkway, trashcans, etc).I can't wait to return to Vegas and give this place another try. See if I can discover that magical sandwich again. I'm hopeful.
4	Cheap and YUMMY. The two times i went here in Vegas i went for their hot sandwiches. I got the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. If you want to try one sandwich here...go for the Full Montagu. It's a party in your mouth. Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce....how can you go wrong? The Earls' Club was a Turkey BLT pretty much. Ehhh didn't get much bacon. I hear the original sandwich is also banging.....damn need to try that. Thank God they opened up a spot in NYC.
5	My boyfriend and i got 3 sandwiches and we were stuffed! We got a Hawaiian bbq and 2 full montagus. They were sooo yummy. The roast beef, the turkey...mmm!  So cheap yet so good!We should've brought these golden bricks home with us. Better yet - open one in Orange county, CA!Next time we're in Vegas, we will visit again!
5	Deeeelicious sandwiches!!!!!!!   Cheap prices but great food!!  Open 24 hours.   Everything I've tried here is delicious.  Definitely go here when you're in Vegas!  Located in Planet Hollywood.
5	I tried the Full Montague and the Hawaiian Sandwich - I would say out of the two I preferred the Hawaiian.Could it be that most people who are writing reviews are those who have spent a late night out clubbing and got their grub on here? Well even if that is the case, my belly was very content and I'm sure the bread really helped soak up all the alcohol. In actuality, the bread seemed to be the star of the sandwich, not so much the filler inside. In any case, I could only eat half that night and the rest ended up in my hotel fridge for morning after breakfast. It tasted delicious even then so I can only wonder how it tasted sans alcohol fresh out of the oven.I am a big fan, and for only 6 bucks for a HUGE sandwich, anyone would be crazy not to check this place out at least once! It is on my to do list every time I am back!
4	When I heard about Earl's, I kept picturing a nice gourmet sit-down restaurant that lavishly only sold handsome sandwiches.  Little did I know that it was just another Subway style sandwich place--with darker interior and more sit-down areas.  Don't get me wrong though their sandwiches were super well made, actually no they were super well done with the warming up process.  I really want to try the sandwich non-warmed up to see if there is a difference with the taste and texture.  I ordered The Earl and the Hawaii BBQ Chicken which I both highly recommend.  Other people went more extravagant with their choices, such as the Full Montagu but I personally wanted to see if their basic sandwiches were even stellar.  The location of Earl of Sandwich is incredibly convenient and I couldn't have asked for a better location.  Smack middle-ish on the Strip and very near the entrance of Planet Hollywood. The fact that it's opened 24 hours a day makes this place even more golden.
5	Stayed at Planet Hollywood and saw the good reviews for this place, so we tried it out. Great sandwiches at great prices. After losing money at the tables, it was good to find an affordable sandwich shop. I had the Original 1762 sandwich - roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce. On my second visit I had the Italian, both were great sandwiches. If you are ever near Planet Hollywood, check this place out. There was a line when I got there, but it moves fast. I also tried Capriottis Sandwich Shop in Vegas, they are equally good with a different variety than offered here. If you like a good sandwich look them up.
5	Food in Vegas is ridiculously overpriced, so it was refreshing to find an eatery with quality sandwiches at a reasonable price. The line is long, but it goes fast since the place is run so efficiently. I had some of the club, tuna melt and the tomato soup. The sandwiches are made fresh and are toasted- no microwaves here. There is meat and cheese aplenty- a very hearty sandwich for $6. The tomato soup was delicious and went perfectly with the tuna melt. A must for Vegas lunch!
3	Everybody said I would LOVE this place, best sandwiches on earth, well...sorry to say I disagree.  They are a great sandwich but the best? I think not.  Very reasonably priced and I would go there again but I sure as hell ain't waiting in a long ass line for that!
5	Nearly no other sandwich joint even comes close to this one, especially in the city of Lost Wages. In the era where everything convenient in Vegas is expensive, Earl of Sandwich dares to buck the norm and gives you a delicious, affordable sandwich that is deceptively filling for the size. For $5.99 you get endless flavor stuffed into a lightly buttery portion of bread. It's breathtaking. Seriously.Just make sure you don't get lost and walk outside of the casino trying to find this place. It's to the left of the big globe! =)By the way--It's open 24 hours! Lushes REJOICE!
4	This is a great sandwich place (don't get me wrong) which is why I'm giving it 4 stars, but the 4.5 overall rating on Yelp with 1300+ reviews makes it seem like this place is slightly overrated.It's dirt cheap for Vegas which is great because food places that sell sandwiches for $6 on the strip is virtually impossible to find. The sandwich itself (got the Original which was roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce) was very good, but a little bit on the small side.If you're looking for cheap eats that are good definitely check out this place.
5	All my friends kept saying you have to go to Earl's if you go to vegas. I never really understood what they meant. I mean, they are just sandwiches... BUT when I finally went here for lunch to try it, oh man soooo delicious!! The bread is very tasty - crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. I had the Earl Club which had turkey, bacon, and avocado. Usually I dont like Turkey, but it was moist and not dry which was good. I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. They all look really good from the menu. My friends got the BLT and the Italian and they really liked it.
4	A tasty sandwich without wallet gauging prices...certainly a rare find in Vegas and perhaps that is why so many people flock here! I got the Original Earl and although it was only okay, my roast beef was a little on the dry side (and I wish I had some au jus to dip it in *hint hint Earl...new venture?) it was still a good sandwich for the price. And the best part the bread was toasted to perfection. Not too crunchy and not too soft on the inside...it's an art to toasting bread and Earl has got it down. My boyfriend got the Hawaiian and that was also a tasty sandwich, try both!
4	Simply an amazing sandwich to have while in Vegas. For only $5.99 you can choose from a variety of different sandwiches. It's definitely one of the cheaper items to get in Vegas and can fill you up relatively well. But what really makes Earl's so special is the bread and how it's toasted. I honestly don't know what they do that makes it so good, because it just looks like that roll it through just any regular ole rolling toaster oven! Whatever they do, it works and it makes the sandwiches prety awesome.The full montague was one of my faves. Good thing it's open 24/7 because it's great to get as drunk food after a night out on the Strip. Find me here again? Definitely.
4	Located in Planet Hollywood for only $5.99 you can choose from a variety of different hot sandwiches. I tried half of the The Full Montague (Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce) and half of the Italian (Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomatoes and Peppers). They both have a very good blend of fresh ingredients. The best part of the sandwich I have to admit was the bread. The bread on the outside was nice & crispy and the inside was  melt in your mouth good.  Be aware there are often times long lines and lack of tables/chairs. Oh and opened 24hours :)
4	Still managed to get lost when looking for it.  Thanks Yelpers for trying to help.  I see what you mean when you say "in" the casino.  Thought it was on the left as you enter the Ph Casino but it was on the right.  How could I have missed it?  I always get lost in the hotels on the strip, though.  Oops.Caribbean Jerk Sandwich $6.  Hmmm.  Chunks of chicken.  Microscopic amount of peppers.  Spicy Sauce.  Toasted roll.  Needs lettuce and tomato?I would go back but I would try something else.  Very filling for 6 bucks.  Very quick service.
5	Best. Sandwiches. Ever.We ate here twice on a recent trip to Vegas and will definitely return on our next trip. It's located in the PH casino and right inside the PBR entrance to Miracle Mile Shops (look for Pink's or PBR). Lines sometime seem long but they move quickly. Ordering is a bit different than other sandwich shops in that you order your sandwiches first, then move down the line gathering sides/beverages and paying at the end. Then you get the vibrating coaster and wait for your sandwich to be ready. Sandwiches are cheap, ~$6 and they are open 24 hours. OPEN 24 HOURS. Remember this.I ordered the Italian (highly recommended) both times but after reading Yelp! reviews I am excited to try some others on the next trip. GO THERE. NOW.
3	After reading a bunch of good reviews I was looking forward to trying their stuff. I'm a sandwich lover so I was nervous when the pix didn't look appetizing.I tried the Earl's club minus the tomatoes and with mayo instead of their sauce. The bread looked crappy but was the highlight of the sandwich. The turkey wasn't very good but I was hungry. I'm not a fan of bacon but it was really good/crunchy so it made up for the turkey.I'd be willing to try something else at a later time but I won't be making a special trip just for them.
5	There are a thousand excellent reviews of this place - for good reason - so I'll keep this short.The broccoli cheddar soup was a circus in my mouth, and the sandwich (Earl's Club, no tomato) was perfect. I would eat here every meal, every day I'm in Vegas. Holy Moses it's tasty.
4	Tried the full montagu and caribbean jerk chicken.  First of all...the bread is good.  Toasty, chewy, and doesn't fall apart.  The montagu was good, but the caribbean jerk chicken really does need some work.  I ordered it since other yelp reviewers recommended it, but something is missing in that sandwich.  There isn't much spice in the sauce, and it needs more than some roasted red peppers and some hot peppers, no?  Line is crazy long, but it goes very quickly and tables open up pretty fast.  Would def come again :)
5	open 24hrs a day. all i gotta say go for the Full Montagu.Hungry at 4am after clubbing? come here and get the full montagu.Want something cheap, delicious and fast? Come here and get the full montagu.Shopping at miracle mile? fuck it, even at ceasars palace? Come here and get the full montagu.Drunk and need a bite to eat before you thow up? Come here and get the full montagu.Lost $500 playing 5 hands of blackjack? Come here and get the full montagu.Want to see some weirdos late at night? Come here and get the full montagu.Bathroom too far and need to go #2? Come here and get the full montagu.Want to see girls in clubbing skimpy clubbing attire and guys after guys trying to pick em up? Come here and get the full montagu.Want something overrated and overpriced? go to pinksMoral of this review? Whatever you're doing, come here and get the full montagu.
5	Best cheap eats place in Vegas! They're open very late so its an awesome place to grab a late night bite to eat after a night of drinking.I had the original with roast beef which was awesome and is a good place to start if you don't know what to order. I went back the next day to get the club sandwich, which was just as good. And the following morning I had half of a Hawaiian sandwich that was better than I expected it to be (oddly the cheese works well with the BBQ). When eating these sandwiches they offer their own Earl of Sandwich mustard, don't use this, go straight for that Grey Poupon!!! Went there everyday I was in Vegas...Enough Said.
4	I love hot sandwiches, so this place was a must for me in Vegas.My first time here, I tried the Cannonballs (meatball) and Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwiches.  The meatball sandwich was delicious! Chicken was okay.  Next time I'm here, I'll definitely try the Full Montagu.Five stars for their system of taking & completing orders (very organized and efficient) and large dining area.average $6/sandwich, very affordable!
5	Ay, caramba!!!!!!!!!!  These sandwiches were the BOMB.  I had the BLT and was blown away by how good it was.  I typically don't like oven baked sandwiches, but this sandwich wasn't overcooked, had an excessive amount of bacon and the perfect amount of mayo.  Add some soda, chips and I was in paradise I tell you, especially considering I was on a zero carb diet for 2 weeks for the pool parties Labor Day weekend.  Another great thing about Earl's is that the prices were reasonable.  Just talking about it, makes me crave one of their sandwiches...
5	Was just there this past weekend and i think i had 4, maybe 5?? Not sure...also they are now $5.99 up from $4.99Highly recommend:The Hawaiian**Cannonball
5	Earls is bomb.com! Some of the best hot sandwiches I've ever had. Super affordable and great quality of food. It's legit there.
3	Me & 3 of my friends came here for lunch. The line was extremely long, so we had quite a wait. We ordered:The OriginalThe AmericanEarl ClubThe Original was the best tasting one of the three we ordered. Good sandwiches and cheap. Plus, they are open real late.
5	With 1,320+ reviews at 4.5/5 stars --though in my opinion, deserves more --, does it live up to the hype?  Absolutely!First time I tasted Earl's sandwiches was at Downtown Disney in Florida.  After an exhausting all-day visit at Magic Kingdom, we decided to call it the day but not before heading to Downtown Disney where we discovered this gem and became a believer that there is a sandwich maker who would topple the likes of Quiznos, Togos and all the others.  At last, a sandwich establishment worth writing about.My very first Earl sandwich was the Rueben and it was delectable (I don't think they still have it on the menu) ; made me forget the whole day of walking that I endured.  From that day, I vowed to seek this establishment back home in California but quickly discovered its non-existence. Sad days indeed.  Then one day I was relieved when I heard that Las Vegas opened up a franchise. On my much anticipated return last month, I indulged on the goodness of The Full Montagu and Tuna Melt.  Both of which are hot sandwiches and are scrumptious. Did it live up to the hype once, twice, thrice, etc?  Abso-Earlutely... A satisfying end to a weekend Vegas getaway.
5	this place is more of a 10/10 but i cant give it more than 5 starsthe food is so good at such a reasonable price.  i stayed in vegas for 6 days...and i regret not going here more...this is a must go to next time im in town.
5	This place seriously has the best sandwiches ever!I tried the tuna melt and club sandwich. Both were delicious! The first bite i took of the tuna melt was undescribleable. I have never ate a tuna sandwich as good as this place! I also tried the mediterranean salad, it was average. And the tomato soup was alright also. Definitely would come back here again! Tip: Line is long but the wait was quick
5	If there was a sandwich god, it would be Earl.It's as if God blessed Planet Hollywood by developing an "Earl of Sandwich" open 24 hours of the day to satisfy your lunch, dinner and completely intoxicated food fixes.After a million visits, I'm still consistent with the Italian sandwich because I just can't seem to get over it. Salami, ham, mortadella and capicola?! Ay caramba, it's an orgasm in your mouth. And the way they wrap the sandwiches in gold foil--they're like gold bricks that hold the most heavenly of flavor packed in a sandwich. I'm drooling just writing this..Don't let the line fool you! It will go by quick because this place is too on point. In the end, it will always be worth it.
3	The sandwiches were good but not amazing.
5	There are a few rules to follow when in Vegas:1) Don't marry a stripper.2) Don't drink & gamble on an empty stomach.3) Don't call the number on those fliers people hand out to you on the strip. You'll just end up marrying a hooker. That's worse than a stripper if you're wondering.So as I wanted to adhere to this rule system, my BF & I paid a visit to the Earl of Sandwich before going out for drinks and gambling. For $5.99 these sandwiches are a crazy good deal! I had the roast beef w/ horseradish and I loved how the bread is nicely toasted. I highly recommend if you're looking to get a quick bite.Oh and when we stepped back out on the strip I told the man handing out fliers to my BF that he already had a naked girl...but thank you!Yelp 365 Challenge: #33/365 (The Rules)
5	I had heard a lot of hype about this place, but didn't try it until my last visit to Vegas in July. I was hungover as you can get, but starving. I was worried that anything but pho would upset my stomach, but being the foodie I am, couldn't resist trying the place.The line moved fairly quickly, and I was torn between healthy and filling so I ordered a sandwich and a salad to have a little of both. Both were amazingly delicious! I got the Mediterranean Salad and the Italian sandwich. The salad had a variety of fresh and crisp veggies with a light dressing, while the sandwich was hot with oozing mozzarella over salami, ham and tomatoes. I totally forgot I was hungover as I enjoyed the rejuvenating meal, and was definitely careful not to eat so I wouldn't waste it :PI rank this place up there with Ike's and Jersey Mike's, definitely worth a visit when you're in Vegas!
3	I don't get it, tried the montagu....the bread is unique and that's about it.  The rest tastes pretty basic.  And people were lining up for this??
3	If you're in Vegas and have't been here, go here. It's a good sandwich place. We got the recommended items (Cannonballs! and the Full Montagu). Pretty decent. I liked the smaller portion sizes for the sandwiches (compared to typical sub places). Nothing spectacular, but not bad at all. Definitely worth a try. For me, A-OK, all the way.
5	After a night of dancing, dancing, dancing, drunk dancing  and more dancing, i was hungry enough to eat a hippo..soooooo my awesomeeeeee bff suggested we go grab earls.,... First thought...SANDWHICH? NOW? EW...I WANT PHO..I WANT SOMETHING SOUPY!....oh hell was i wrong!!! We ordered: CannonBalls, Caribbean Chicken Jerk and Montagu...the verdict??? OMG OMG OMG... ..each bite was like taking a bite out of heaven...My fav...the Carribean Chicken Jerk! Go Go Go!oo yea the line was pretty long, but it goes by fast so don't whine u little sissy:)
5	GO HERE!There is NO reason why you shouldn't check this place out. Open 24 hours.. cheap.. delicious... just go! Expect to wait if you go at 4am like I did the other night.. No biggie.. you will make friends with others in line. PH was playing some bangin music when we were in there so we were jammin in line..
3	Don't get me wrong, for food i would have rated this place 4 stars, but their SERVICE was awful which brought my rating down to 3 stars.lets start with WHY: the service was AWFUL. For a fast food place they do NOT efficiently take advantage of the large staff they have on hand. There are 4 people at the register but only ONE person who is actually ON the register. The other 3 workers are just standing behind the cashier chatting. If there is a LONG line of customers waiting to order, the best thing to do is to open up your second cashier and double the orders. There are plenty of people working on making the sandwiches, its much better than having staff members bored and waiting around while there is a long line of customers. it just looks ridiculous. The second time i came here the line was incredibly long and there was only ONE cashier (yet again) so i decided to call in my order instead. I skipped the long line to order n just paid at the register. The person calling out the orders for pick up had the WORST attitude. They kept making comments at me even though i was just patiently waiting. They were just being RUDE. Seriously miss you're working at a sandwich shop in las vegas, for probably minimum wage, please stop power tripping over when i can get my sandwich. So SERVICE for this place is TERRIBLE. Workers are rude and the wait is long for NO real reason. Upper management should really consider retraining and restructuring their system. Because terrible service is never acceptable if your running a good sandwich shop. The least you can do is make sure your employees have good customer service.ONTO the delicious sandwiches. I would highly recommend the Montagu sandwich. It was seriously the best thing on the menu i had. The sandwich is baked so the cheese is nice and melted. All the ingredients are fresh. I also had their Jerked Chicken sandwich, and it was very good. The grilled chicken was juicy and flavorful and the peppers had a good spicy kick! I also tried their Club sandwich and that was very delectable as well. Bacon was nice and crispy but not burnt. Just something about a nice hot sandwich really hits the spot. Their bread is freshly baked so you really get a good sandwich. THe price is very affordable. One sandwich averages about $5! not bad!!honestly The Earl of Sandwich's customer service REALLY killed it for me. I loved the sandwiches but it would be a major hindering factor for me to come back. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas, why would i put myself thru so much crap from the staff members of the sandwich shop. Please keep in mind I came here twice and had a horrible experience with their customer service both times. recap:1) highly recommend calling in your order because there's usually a long wait2) Montagu sandwich is amazing
4	Went there for lunch, line was about 50 people long.Ordered the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Bread, chicken, ham, pinapple and Hawaiian BBQ sauce.The sandwich was a good size-- about the size of a large Quizno's sub. The meat inside the sandwich was tasty-- especially the rolls of ham. They overwhelmed my sandwich with their Hawaiian BBQ sauce. They put about 2 tiny slices of pineapple in my sandwich-- not enough given the generous portions of ham. For the price, it's a good sandwich. I was disappointed in the execution but it had good ingredients. If you're looking for something gourmet, turn somewhere else.
5	Why does this place get such good reviews?Considering it's on the strip, it's a fast and easy way to get a good sandwich at a very reasonable price. There's a nice big eating area that's away from the chaos of the strip.The bread is fresh and crispy. I loved the tomato soup. LOVED.
5	So for the past 2 Vegas trips, I made it a point to take my friends to Earl of Sandwich because it's sooooo good. Granted that it's only a sandwich shop, the food is served fresh, warm, and tastes pretty damn good!Earl of Sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood and normally there's a line but it goes pretty fast. Line = good sign for a restaurant. You order first and then pay at the end of the line (then they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready). There's limited seating space so you'll have to have a few of your friends lurk around and snatch a seat. But the best thing about Earl of Sandwich is that it's open 24 hrs 7 days!!!So far I've had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce (there's a slight kick to it, but nothing no one can handle...and the roasted red/banana peppers gives the sandwich a nice smokey flavor)andThe Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce (I gobbled everything up...can't go wrong with bacon...IT'S BACON!)I believe all the signature sandwiches are priced at $6.99...and that's an automatic win in Vegas (especially if you lost at the casino tables). You can add soups, chips, drinks, dessert, etc to your order as well but the sandwich is pretty filling - at about 6".
3	This was my first time eating here and I guess a bad call because I was still full from lunch and my best friend and I forced ourselves to share a sandwich. We got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich in hopes that it wasn't too filling but damn - it was. And dammit, it tasted like a Hawaiian pizza which I was not in the mood for. I do like the bread to food consistency as sometimes there is just WAY too much bread, and I like that it's a toasted sammich - always love a slight crisp to the tops of my bread. Lastly, props for this place being one of the cheapest places on the strip to eat and for my next venture there, I'll make sure to order what their known for versus trying to eat something "else".
5	I love this place. On my previous trip, I ate here 5 times in three days. Gotta go with the Original roast beef sandwich with horseradish sauce. Oh my! Food comes out pretty fast too. I wish there were more on the west coast. For now, I'll have to get my sandwich fix in Vegas
4	This place is hands down the best thing that ever happened in Vegas. Okay, I'm being a little overly dramatic, but every time I go to Vegas, which is pretty often nowadays...My friends and I HAVE to go here! We usually go here right when we get to Vegas, after some late night clubbing, and right before we leave Vegas.Its Cheap. Fast. Good. This place is pretty much always crowded, but its fast. My favorites here are:-Earl of Clubs-Tuna Melt-Broccoli and Cheddar soup: amazing!Genius of them to be open 24 hrs! I wish they would open a location in OC !
5	Damn, 4.5 stars already with over 1000 reviews. Do I really need to review?Last thing I remembered was ordering a cannonball sandwich (referred to my order as balls of cannon to the employee LOL) and having the best toasted hot sandwich EVER. Not even Subway or Quizno's could compare!Even added steaksauce to it and STILL tasted bomb (though I was still intoxicated so that's why I probably added to it :P lol).Definitely recommend this place since it's open 24 hours for only ~$6 a sandwich it's worth every buck.
5	Came to Vegas on a family trip with my 60 year old parents and they loved this place. Loved it over all the buffets with the crab and steak and what-not haha All-American, Earl of Clubs, and Tuna Melt Open 24 hours, inside Planet Hollywood, all sandwiches are 6 bucks a pop, ordering is easy and fast, and their frozen lemonade is delicioussss especially in the Vegas heatWe only stayed in Vegas for 2 nights, but we somehow stopped by this place at least 5 times... I don't even know how lol
5	Thank you Earl of Sandwich for being consistent with your food and open late!Friends have recommended this place and I remembered that I wanted to try this place last time I was in Vegas last April but didn't make it =(This trip we had last week, we came into town super late and I remembered that this place was still open.  The BF had ham and cheese sandwich and I had the broccoli cheddar soup.  Both came out piping hot which was refreshing because most of the time, you can't see steam from your food at that hour (1 AM).  The soup was made just right and not too cheesy and there's enough broccoli in there.  He paid no more than $10-$11 and it was full filling.We were awed by this place that we came back the next day and I had The Full Montagu and he had The Earls Club.  Let me tell you that both were still good the next day for left overs =)
5	Forget pho, forget udon, forget greasy shit. THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST HANGOVER FOOD! they say what happens in vegas stays in vegas, but these sandwiches are too good to stay in vegas (i know i know, super cliche)If you like turkey&bacon (i personally hate bacon, so asked for it removed) get The Earl's Club--Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. i promise you won't be disappointed. it sounds like a regular sandwich..turkey, cheese, lettuce, etc. but it's not. the bread melts in your mouth, the turkey and swiss are a little warm but it's not soggy at all, because the freshness of the tomatoes and the crunch of the lettuce makes for the perfect blend of flavor and texture. being the low key fatty i am, i now look forward to eating here every time i got to vegas...might even be a part of why i wanna go back to vegas so much!!
3	A friend recommended this place ,  I am not a sandwich person but was willing to give it a try.  My girlfriends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood for the weekend.  This was our first meal after arriving in Vegas.  I have to admit the sandwiches were really good!  It was a WOW.  However, hours later  we did not feel good at all.  We all got food poison. We were feeling sick throughout our Vegas trip.  I don't think I would be visiting this place again next time around.
5	Earl of Sandwich has the best sandwiches in the world, and sucks that I live 300 miles away from them. When I was here last weekend I knew I needed to come get one. I was at a party Thursday night at my friends frat (he goes to UNLV), and one of the kids there kept talking about the Tuna Melt, and it stuck with me so much that the next day I went and got one. Damn. How else can I elaborate? It was beautiful. Amazing, delicious, satisfying, cheap, perfection between two slices of bread. The service is fast for the long lines. The sandwiches, and I'm sure it doesn't matter which one you get, are insanely magical. I'm salivating just thinking about them. Oh and best thing...THEY'RE OPEN 24/7. Damnit San Diego we are missing a really good thing out here. I'd drive all the way back just for a sandwich from Earl's. That's how freaking delicious these things are. The bread, the ingredients, how they're made; I don't know what it is but whatever they're doing warrants 5 damn Michelin Stars. Come here, If you don't fall in love then please, stop eating food altogether because you have no idea what excellence in the culinary world is, even if it's as simple as a sandwich.
5	My friend: "Omg. Tiffany! I just got back from Vegas and went to this superly delicious hot sandwich place. You have to try Earl's!"Tiffany: "Whaaaaa?! LET'S GO TO VEGAS!"Upon hearing about this highly raved hot sandwich place called "Earl of Sandwich", which floods my facebook news feed statuses and pictures on a biweekly basis, the thought of feeling deprived and naive to what great concoctions this joint produced bothered me. How could this place been unbeknownst to me after several Vegas trips over the course of two years?! Obviously- I have been living under a rock.Fresh, piping hot sandwiches that are wrapped in a gold foil, where the unwrapping of this decadent sandwich parallels to the experience of unwrapping a Wonka bar, as you await to see if you may be the lucky one to claim the golden ticket. Except in this case, everyone is a winner since each shiny wrapped golden foiled item will behold an experience where each unfolding of the wrap heightens your excitement to devour this melt in your mouth goodness. Win win! How much did I like this place? Maybe a little too much to the extent where I actually went two days in a row (aka. the length of my trip); however, this granted me the opportunity to try not one or two different sandwiches, but THREE! TRES! Read this clearly. Yes I HEIFER!!! Moooo.I wish I could pick one, but all three sandwiches were divine! The Earl's Club, a sandwich comprised of thinly sliced roasted turkey that tastes as if it were fresh out of the deli, layered with crispy pieces of Smoked Bacon goodness, Aged Swiss that oozes and clings to the bread and your mouth  for some good cheese action, offset with some refreshing pieces of Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes amongst a slathering of Good Burger like secret sauce. Oooo willy. I can only imagine how delicious it would be to consume this right now at 8:30am. Cannonballs! So I'm a meat girl and I distinctively remembering a huge hankering for some meat during my last night in sin city. What better way to satisfy this craving with a sandwich full of meatballs cushioned with rich, saucy marinara sauce with melted mozzarella cheese & Parmesan?! Dudes and Dudettes- this hit THE spot. Now, even though all three sandwiches were beyond delicious, there was one that distinctively stands out. The tantalizing, TUNA MELT!  Perhaps it was the fact that there was no lack of oozing aged Swiss or because the Albacore tuna salad was beyond rich and divine, but the combination of the two simply highlighted this standard diner special to the point beyond oo so ump dittily scrumptious, giving me a lasting euphoria of tuna melt heaven for several hours. I swear. This place is the go-to spot for a quick lunch or for a late night post clubbing snack since the place is open 24/7. If you haven't tried this place yet, please do yourself a favor and throw that rock off your back and stampede your way to Earls'  because I'm ever so glad that I did.
5	There's are really good reasons why there are still people waiting in line at 3am clamoring for the delicious sandwiches of Earl at Sandwich, even though I'm sure one reason is the need to wear off alcohol consumption.Fairly small and located within the planet hollywood casino, Earl of Sandwich makes an awesome roast beef sandwich that's unlike any other - it's almost a perfect nom nom nomish balance of roast beef, chedder cheese, and horseradish sauce. At 6 bucks, I consider this a really terrific value and would say you could definitely do worse at Subway for that price point.I'm glad I listened to my friends about this place and would definitely not mind coming back here again to go for the other sandwiches. In fact, I want to.
5	What's relatively good after a long night??! Sandwiches! It is not too heavy, can be as left overs and you can customize! But then again I'm bias and I love sandwiches.First off, this joint is 24 hours effin' hours. Well yea, of course, in the city that never sleeps.  And it is in Planet Hollywood, so it is somewhat in the middle area of the strip.The menu is not extensive but there some variety. The sandwiches can be hot, as a salad, or as a wrap. They offer soup too!Tried the Veggie Sandwich and All American Sandwich - both equally as good. But they load the sandwiches with lots of meat so don't be surprise by the density of it.The frozen lemonade is good too. Sugary and sweeeeet.
4	Mmm!  delicious sandwiches!  I heard all the hype and decided to try it out.  I was expecting something a little different but overall, good food at a good price. I had the Full Montagu and my buddy had the Hawaiian bbq sandwich.  Both were really good.  Bread was great like everyone else says, and the flavors in the montagu were great!  we went around 9am so there wasnt much of a line but as we left PH, around 12-1pm, the line was suppper long.  Glad we skipped out on that part of this experience!
4	What an amazingly good idea.  I came here twice while I was in Vegas.  Once was sober, and once was VERY drunk.First experience - Great meal to have right as we pull into Vegas and settle into our rooms before a long night of partying.  I had the roast beef sandwich, pretty standard.  But the sandwich was a perfect size (I didn't even finish mine) and the flavors were perfect.  It wasn't dry or bland at all.  The line took about 10 minutes, but we got our food fairly quickly and devoured our sandwiches in our room.Second experience - I came here around four in the morning, after a long night at Marquee.  I was very drunk and very hungry.  I am sure there was a line, but I don't remember.  What I do remember is getting hit on, multiple times, in my pajamas.  Haha. I was kind of annoyed because ALL I wanted to do was eat my sandwich.  I got the meatball sandwich this time, and I ate the whole thing.  It hit the spot and helped settle my stomach from all the alcohol.  In any instance, this place hits the spot. Try it out and see for yourself.
5	I rarely ever order a tuna melt (maybe twice in my life), but it sounded tasty at the moment.  And sure enough, it was amazing!  The cheese was perfectly melted onto the tuna.  I would gladly pay double for a sandwich this good.  I also ordered a broccoli cheddar soup, which was delicious as well (better than the one at Panera even).  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone because it's so good and so cheap!
4	Three things you need to survive a Zombie Apocalypse:- Machete or Ax- A good sidearm with a few clips for emergency- Earl of Sandwich Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the Montegu!This place lives up to its hype. Open 24 hours cranking out delicious food for the hungry masses. When you are drunk after clubbing..come here. If you have sore feet after dancing..come here. If you want to meet hot girls..i guess you can come here too. They serve sandwiches, soups, salads, soda, beer, and snacks. And best of all..ALL SANDWICHES ARE ONLY $5.99! i ate at this place two days in a row during my stay in Vegas. i guess i knew i wasn't coming back for a while so i had to get my fix. The staff could be a little rude..but im not there for the staff, im there for the food. Just get in, order, get out. All those other reviews of people bitching about rude service..grow some thicker skin..cuz you wont be able to survive a Zombie Apocalypse with that attitude!!
5	After reading the reviews on here, we had to try it for ourselves and I must say Montague: I love you! So yummy! The boyfriend and I ate here and it was delicious! We stayed @ PH Towers and decided to call our order in, a quick walk from the room to Earls (less than 5 min) done! Glad we called it in cause it was super busy! Anyway awesome food and very inexpensive! Go!
5	Earl of Sandwich has turned into my new must-have go-to place to eat at least one time during every Vegas weekend!Earl's is located conveniently in Planet Hollywood next to the casino in PH's Miracle Mile of shops and restaurants, making it an accessible location 24 hours a day, after a nice walk around the strip or a long night of drinking and dancing at the club!It is easy to be intimidated by the long line in front of the sandwich shop, but the line moves cafeteria style and the wait is never long to pay and place your order. There is plenty of seating and tables as well as a few TV's on the walls to watch the game. The wait to sit is never very long either as sandwiches are pretty much fast food!Soups start at $3 and sandwiches and salads/wraps are around $6. Plenty of selections on the menu to choose from to suit your tastes and cravings. My personal favorites are the Full Montagu and the Earl's club. The sandwiches are made hot and fresh and everything has always tasted great! I don't even like mustard but the Full Montagu turned me into a big fan! The chicken Caesar salad is delicious as well, with plenty of dressing, croutons, and chicken. I make my decisions on what to order easy by grabbing 2 sandwiches and taking one to go! Perfect to eat after getting back to your hotel in the wee hours of the morning or on the long drive back home to So Cal! Just make sure none of your drunk or sober friends get to it before you do!Now when are we going to get one of these in LA?
5	Just got back from a Vegas trip ;)  and the sandwiches here are amazing.  Got the Full Montagu and after a long night of hitting the clubs, this sandwich definitely hit the spot!  So glad it was 24/7!
3	All the reviews about the sandwiches were so great I was excited about trying the sandwiches.  It was just ok.  The line was long but it does move fast.  The price is pretty good for sandwiches too.  I ordered the tomato soup.  It was a little too creamy and not enough tomato flavor.  The croutons were really good.  I had half the meatball sandwich and the chicken jerk.  I did not like the chicken jerk because the sauce was a little creamy and flavorless.  There was supposed to be peppers to add to the flavor but it was so sparse that you couldn't tell there were peppers in the sandwich.  The meatball sub was better.  The meatball was big but not dry.  There was just enough sauce so the sandwich wasn't dry.  The Montague was actually very good.  I had it w/o cheese and it was still very flavorful. The bacon strips added a nice crisp to the meaty sandwich.  Not bad for a sandwich place for lunch but not a must have for me.
4	If you live in or by planet Hollywood, you must go to Earl of Sandwiches for a $6 sandwich!! It's awesome. I tried the club, full monague, and tuna melt. I must say my favorite was the tuna melt. It doesn't come with anything but the melted cheese and tuna goodness on a toasty bread bun, but you can ask them to add lettuce and tomato for free! I loved their soups too. Tomato bisque and broccoli cheddar were both delicious. I think over our weekend in Vegas, for every meal and late night snack, our group of 16 always had someone that went to Earl's. It's quick, cheap, and good! It's open 24 hours too. Almost makes it ok that we stayed so far down the strip from grand lux :)
5	$6 dollar for delicious hot sandwiches? hell yes!Definitely recommend the Montigue & Caribbean JerkLines move quickly, prices are reasonable, sandwiches are flavorful
5	Best sandwich in the world. No contest. I love the Full Montague! The roast beef is so juicy and moist and the bread is toasted with an amazing sauce. I simply can't get enough. I had this sandwich for lunch... and came back again 5 hours later for dinner. Their potato salad is creamy and is a perfect companion to the sandwich. If only I could eat this every day... my life would be complete :)
5	When I am in the mood for a good sandwich- I will drive 20 minutes to get to the strip, struggle with traffic and parking and walk through a casino just to get to Earl of Sandwich.  Prices are good and every sandwich I have had there is fantastic.
5	A friend told me about this place. Did not hear about the hype until I went to it in one of my many Vegas trips.They live up to the hype. The bread is delicious! And they have a lot of options for meat and vegetarians like myself. I got a wrap, and that thing was so filling. I had to save it for later. Inexpensive and great food = definitely try it.The line is long and the seating is limited, but all worth the taste buds.
3	You know how some food taste so much better when you're hung over? Well, this is one of those places. Unfortunately, I was not hungover when I ate here. Maybe that's why I wasn't really impressed with it. I mean, don't get me wrong... the sandwiches are pretty good. The bread, as everyone else has said, is warm with a crispy outside. There is a long line, but it moves fast and the food is cheap. I tried two different sandwiches and a wrap with my friends. The Full Montagu (roasted Beef, turkey, swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce) was pretty good. There wasn't really anything in it to make me say "WOW!". lol The same goes for the Earl's Club (turkey, smoked bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomatoes, and Earl's sandwich Sauce). As you can see the sandwich ingredients are not anything special. Get good bread, a good toaster oven, and a few sandwich stuffers and you have Earl's! Quick Tips: 1. Come hung over and hungry! It would probably taste amazing! 2. Expect a line. It's long but moves fast. Would I come again? Sure.
5	These guys invented the sandwich... which means they must be masters of meat and other toppings in between two pieces of bread! And they do not fail to satisfy one's sandwich craving.  Everything that they have is made daily which guarantees that every bite will be filled with fresh deliciousness.. One new change to Earls is that it is now open 24/7! WHAAA?? Earl's Sandwiches anytime I want?!? That's insane.. But I love it... I forgot the first sandwich I ever tried there, but all I know is that I flew to heaven and came back to sin city with every bite.. The second one that I tried was the Jerk Chicken Sandwich which was just recently and it was amazing. If you're in Vegas and you're near Planet Hollywood.. drop in and have yourself a bite of a;slkjbasldij. :) That's how good it is.. I can't put in real words. What're you waiting for? Go try it... You're wasting time.. Oh wait nvm.. I mentioned it was open 24/7 ;)
5	BEST SANDWICH PLACE EVER! the sandwhiches here are AMAZING! The Full-Montague, All-American, and Tuna Melt are hot, gooey, and delicious!! Try it for yourself, the price is fairly cheap for its portion, taste, and location. Give it a try, you won't regret it! Ugh, I want one so bad as I'm typing this review....
5	Bites of these babies are sinister.Bomb sandwiches available to you for 24 hours?!?! Can't ask for anything better. It's vegas baby! Hungry people gotta eat and drunk people gotta satisfy! It's one of the only places where you can really get a nice filling meal for cheap!My faves are the signature Earl Sandwich (has bacon!) and the Jerk Chicken Sandwich! Both equally yummmmmmmmmmy! Crisp bread, huge flavor in each bite, and moist juices from the meats! There's not much to say except to be sure to stop by when youre in town. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?. ;)OH! and they sell a whole bunch of other things other than sandwiches- kettle chips, yogurt parfaits, cookies, brownies, croissants, and more. Located within Planet Hollywood!
4	In Vegas, it's hard to find anything that is decently priced and tasty as well. I grabbed a Club Sandwich and for $5.99, it was delicious after a long night of walking and gambling! I had the Ghiradelli brownie ice cream sandwich for dessert and both were yummy. My DH had the Full Montague and he said it was good but I didn't take a bite since I don't care for mustard. We would definitely go back again!
4	I had to try this sandwich joint after reading the reviews!  It was soooo good that I bought 3 sandwiches!!! For only $5.99 each, it's such a great deal compared to paying $35-$40 for a buffet in vegas with mediocre food.The line was very short and the employees work similar to a production line where each one had their responsibilities, (bread, meat, toaster, condiments, etc..)  Service was fast!Ordered the Jerk Chicken sandwich (wasn't as spicy as I thought, but still good), the Tuna Sandwich (lots of cheese! how i like it!), and the Club sandwich.  I took the club sandwich back to the Vdara hotel to eat later since there was a microwave in the room, but one of my friends ate it before I even tried it..lame. The BREAD is the main component that is making their sandwiches taste so good.  It's perfectly toasted and melts in your mouth.Since I have a crazy sweet tooth, I bought the chocolate chip cookie and the brownie creme sandwich. The cookie was chewy and had the perfect sized chucked of chocolatechips and the brownie was moist and chocolaty  Both tasted great, no complaints, and I'm highly critical when it comes to desserts!
4	Imagine being a little more than slightly intoxicated at 3:00 a.m. after a rough night at the club. Your stomach is grumbling and you decide that it might be best to fill it with something before everything you consumed earlier that night comes up in a very unpleasant way.If you're ever in such a situation, Earl of Sandwich is definitely the perfect remedy for you. Though there's usually a line, it goes pretty quickly, and especially late at night there are always interesting people to talk to in line.I usually go for the full motagu, which has turkey, roast beef, and some sort of mustard in it. However, I've tried the Tuna melt and the jerk chicken, and both are pretty good.The sandwich is decently sized for around $6, so I usually split the sandwich with a friend or save it for drunchies later.Even when I'm not staying at planet hollywood, I always make an effort to try to come to Earl's for at least one meal, and I'll definitely be back in the future.
4	Ummm...how do you sell out of Roast Beef at 1pm?!?!It's a good think your other sandwiches are just as tasty!  Came here with a large group of friends--which means, i got to steal a bite off everyone's sandwich. Conclusion?  Pass on the Hawaiian sandwich, but the Italian was awesome.  Oh, and if they have tomato soup. ORDER IT.
5	Awesome sandwiches comes in hot, fresh and neatly wrapped.  I had the original and the tuna melt and they're both great!  Not to mention, they're now open 24/7 so definitely a great place to stop by when you need something quick, hot and delicious.
4	Got the club sandwich since the dude at the counter told me its the most popular item... yup i couldn't pull yelp up on my phone in time... sprint didn't get me my service in time... oh wells.Any how i came with a group of five and 4 of us had the club.  Luckily one decided to be different and got the Roast Beef.Roast Beef = BOMB!!Club = not so much.....
4	This place is pretty darn cheap, especially in comparison to other non-fastfood places in vegas. i would definitely pay $7 for a BOMB DOT COM SANDWICH! and it fills you up pretty well. my friend and i thought we would be hungry w/ just eating one sandwich so we decided to get two. i had to save that sandwich for later.. :)
5	This place rules! We walked by and saw a huge line one day. We already had plans to eat elsewhere so we made sure to come back the next day and boy, we were not disappointed. I ordered the Cobb Wrap and it was so good. The kind of food that makes you say "Mmmm" out loud when you eat it. We also shared a moon pie for dessert and it was the perfect finish. I only wish we had a franchise of this place in Seattle! The best wrap I have ever eaten and the prices are a steal. Highly recommended.
5	I would have totally taken a sandwich back home, if I knew that it would make it all the way back to Los Angeles okay. But for reals, this place is super good! I got the club sandwich, and the turkey wasn't dry, and it tasted so good, with a little bit of dijon mustard. My friend got the Hawaiian, and my other friend got the club as well. Earl's I will be back, and I will bring everyone I know, because this sandwich place is probably the best sandwich I've had in a long time! :)
5	Oh Earl, how my mouth waters for you.  Your Full Montagu was quite delicious.  Your bread was tasty and ever so delectably toasted.  Don't even get me started about your ice cream sandwich--it's the best I've ever had!I resent the fact that you are not here with me in Southern California. :(
4	So I've been here waay too many times.In fact, during my last vegas trip, my diet pretty much strictly consisted of earl's..I had it 3 times in two days.As for sandwiches ($6):-full montagu: classic. if you like roast beef, get it-earl's club: I actually like this better than the full montagu. lighter.-italian: also bomb but a tad bit salty-carribean jerk chicken: light. filled with veggies so feels healthy-hawaiian: literally tastes like hawaiian pizzaThe soups ($3) are actually pretty bomb too-- tomato (get the croutons on the side, and ask for cheese on the top) and cheesy broccoli (mmMmm super cheesy & thick).I also ALWAYS get the macoroni salad ($1.79) and that with tabasco = heavennnn.Dont get the beers here. Overpriced. Get it from the ABC store across the hallway :)
5	BEST SANDWICH SHOP IN VEGAS.  I will own that statement.This place is always busy-- day and night, because their food is fantastic.  They are open late, and are quick to serve.  Last time I was here I had the Caprese Sandwich.  The flavor is always good, their food is always fresh.  Every time I step foot into this place... I know that I will be pleasantly surprised by excellent food.  Earl Sandwich, I have no words except to try it for yourself.  You won't be disappointed.
5	BEST TASTING CHEAP FOOD!great sandwiches! I recommend the vegetarian and the turkey! YUM! the tea is delicious!!! (i've also had the Palm Arnie) There desserts are pretty impressive and the yogurt parfaits are to die for!chips and apples also available!IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS ON A BUDGET, EAT HERE!!!
5	The moment this name of this place enters my mind, I reminisce about delicious hot sandwiches BAKED TO PERFECTION and with the PERFECT crust, right out of the over so delish and with cheeses just melting in your mouthhh.....uhhh I think I am having one of those moments as I write this review.  I wished they had a location in L.A.  I would make this my spot, because it hits the spot.  It really does.  In fact, it is THE SPOT after clubbing, and on weekends you'll find a ton of young people in line at this spot waiting to grab their hot delish sandwiches at a very very good price. It's like 6 bucks a sandwich.  Can't ask for more....5 stars.Oh yeah...all the sandwiches are good, but if it's your first time, I'd recommend the Earl's Club.
5	Hands down best sandwich I have ever eaten. My mouth is watering just thinking about it while writing this. I cannot wait to come back to Vegas even if it is just for a sandwich. mmmmm...
5	Eat It or Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Earl isn't just great for when you're still drunk at 3am with hardcore drunchies... it's actually seriously freekn' good! With prices at $6 a sandwich and 15+ choices to choose from, all of which are priced the same, you can't complain! OK, I get it, Subway has $5 footlongs, but EOS is top notch. First of all, the bread... the bread, bread, bread... it is soooo amazing: soft with a lil crunch and a whole lotta mmm, mmm!If you're a newb, start with the original! In fact, the original IS my favorite! Last time I was in Vegas, I brought home 10 sandwiches back home for friends and family to try, and after sitting in the car for 4 hours... it still tasted amazing! CONCLUSION:Eat it! Whether you're sober, buzzed, drunk, or because you just want to eat, EAT ITTTTTTT!
5	EARL'S IS THE SHIIIIIIT!All the sandwiches are delicious, but I'd recommend you get yourself The Original with potato salad and maybe a cookie. YUM.When I stay at Planet Hollywood, this place is DANGEROUS for my friends and I. We find ourselves getting drunk and eating here for lunch, dinner, AND sometimes after the club!!! Now that I think about it, that's kinda ridiculous, huh? OH well, I'm not ashamed... I love Earl's and I'm proud of it! -- the line gets ridiculously long during lunch-dinner hours. Expect to wait a bit, but no worries..it's worth the wait :).
5	very good, open 24-7 which is worth a extra star in vegas
5	Is it bad to go here twice within 12 hours?Well the last time was like 4 in 24 hours. Shush. I was HUNGRY. When i got there, after the pool, then for dinner, then late nigh after the club. Gosh. This time it was after the pool and after the club.I got tuna melt both times. OMG that was so juicy and cheesy i am drooling just thinking about it.the second time i waited in a really long line at 4am. WORTH IT.
4	quiznos but 2398239x times better!!! i hate how quiznos sandwiches end up with really hard outsides and really soggy bread on the inside...this place is nothing like that!! the bread is toasted but its still a little soft, and it has a slight crunch to it...perfect thing to eat when youre toasted on the vegas strip and you need to eat so you can drink some more!! the Club sandwich is the business btw.
5	Honestly, this is probably one of the best things I ate in Vegas. Not sure if that's a sad statement or a good one, but really it was. Came here for a late night dinner, recommended by my brother, and I am a sandwich queen. As soon as you walk into PH, near the Pink's entrance, you'll see it. Can't miss it. Even at 11 PM, there were quite a few people there, and in line. Looking at the huge menu, I was set on my usual, Turkey Club, although the Caprese was tempting (my other usual). You order, given a receipt, and walk down the line to get drinks/chips/cookies and to pay. Given a buzzer, and shortly after, chow down! There's a ton of workers here, like an assembly line, so it's super quick. Nice and toasty, with its own sticker on top reminding you of what sandwich you ordered, it's super delicious. Tons of meat, enough veggies (not a whole lot), but the best part is the bread! Reminds me of a soft ciabbata. My friend got the jerk chicken which was really good as well. I like the sauce my sandwich came with as well. Open 24 hours and $5.99 for any sandwich!
4	Been to EoS twice now. Located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, it's best to enter thru the front via the strip as it's a trek from the parking garage.The first time I ordered the Earl Club less the bacon ($6).The second time I had half Earl Club with the bacon, half the Montague, and the tomato soup.Hands down, the Earl Club is my FAVE. 5 stars!!! The Montague just had a  different taste to it that didn't appeal to me. The tomato soup was bland. I want to say it's missing basil or some kind of spice. I had to add salt to taste.Awesome that it's open 24 hours and there is ample seating. The service is super quick and the turnover to dine in is pretty fast. I can't get enough of their ciabatta bread!!!
4	Mmmmm Earl of Sandwich was the first thing I was craving when I woke up in Vegas. This restaurant is a little far from the Planet Hollywood parking structure so it is best if you enter from the Strip. The line is intimidating in the beginning, but it goes by pretty fast. We decided to order the Earl Signature Sandwich, the Jerk Chicken Sandwich, the tomato soup with croutons, and the Frozen Lemonade. Both sandwiches were made in soft fluffy bread and came supplied with ample amounts of meat and ingredients. I feel you can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. The Frozen Lemonade was a little too extreme and citrus-y for my liking. I loved the tomato soup with croutons; it wasn't bland or watered down. I might be a little bias since there were croutons and by default, I have a stronger liking toward all salads and soups that come with those little bread cubes :)
5	Delicious! Once I read about this place I knew I had to try it the next time I was in Vegas and it didn't dissapoint.  I had the Montague and it was thick, warm, and oh so good.  I was hoping to go back on my final night there, but my big lunch was still present so sadly I didn't get to, but it's now on my list of go-to-cheap places to eat at in Vegas.
5	BEST SANDWICHES EVERRR.Going to Vegas with my best friend for the first time as 21 year olds (oh heeeeyy), we didn't only anticipate gambling and drinking, but mostly where to eat!! This was number one on our list, especially since we stayed at Planet Hollywood. What I love most about their sandwiches is the BREAD. It's so light and soo yummy. I've tried the Earl's Club, The Full Montagu, Tuna Melt (surprisingly super good, and I'm not even a fan of tuna!), and the Italian. Personal fave: The Italian. Such good sandwiches. You have no idea until you actually try them. And they're cheap, too!! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again :)
4	I come here at least once or twice when I'm in Vegas. Great sandwiches, quick service. yummy chicken Caesar salads too.
5	Really Yummylicious!! We stumbled upon the one in Planet Hollywood / miracle Miles Shop because it was too late for any buffet (wynn is my favsies) and we didn't wanna go eat at pf changs or any of the other expensive restaurants, so we stopped by earl's. I had heard about the franchise before, good things but didn't know that it was AMAZING!! The sandwiches were great. I got the Hawaiian Sandwich, and it was light and so good! I love the onions that they put in it, and they also put in fresh pineapples as well. The sauce was just right (i like it slightly drenched) and the meat was perfect, not too much and not too little!! I'm also a BIG BREAD person, and the bread they had was AMAZINGLY CRUNCHY. I loved it.Highly highly recommend! Not too expensive, Definitely worth the price.
5	super awesome! my perfect sandwich.
4	Im singing: "I ordered the jerk she says you are what you eat!" My gf says: no baby you've ordered soy sauce cuz your dark and chinky...lol!
5	The BEST value in Vegas eats.For about $7, you get this awesomely flavorful hot sandwich that is baked pretty fast - except for the always crowded line.  My recommendation during peak hours: call-in ahead or order online for pickup.  You can bypass the line and spend that precious time engaged in other shenanigans.Favorite sandwich: The Montague.Most plain and mundane: The Earl Original.  (Live a little - try something new!)
5	Had no idea a sandwich could be so delicious! Seriously awesome!
5	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I HAVE to go to Earl of Sandwich or I'll just die!!!! I've always gotten the Montague and its a party in my mouth everytime  without fail.  My favorite sandwich in the whole wide wonderful world! Wish I could give this place 10 stars!
5	I'm so glad I ate here! My brother, mom, and I were looking around frantically trying to get something decent to eat and honestly we were skeptical.However, skeptics - there is a reason why this place has 1000+ reviews: their hot sandwiches taste AMAZING.If you are a bread person: YOU MUST EAT HERE. 5.99 for a 6inchish sandwich. A hungry man will be satiated with one, very satisfied with one and a half and a little OD with two.Pro:- wait only around 15 mins for the line and to get your food. This beats any buffet line :)- Their. Bread. Is. Soo. Soft yet slightly firm and made to perfection. It made me so. happy.- If in doubt, get THE FULL MONTAGU. It tasted the best out of the 4 we got. The Earl's club was really good too...if you like bacon :)Cons:- The original was kind of too plain. Imagine just meat and cheese...yeahhh no thanks.- It could be a little confusing to find if you dont know that it's actually inside the hotel/casino. Guess how often we circled around!Would I come again in the future? HECK YES.
5	i'm bad at the vegas thing. the clubs, the dressing slutty, the staying up, the drinking till i puke, the blacking out... i can't do it. i hate standing there in clubs wishing i didn't have some random person all up on me and wished i could walk from one part of the club to the other. and i hate going to buffets and standing in lines to get sometimes mediocre food because... i'm not TRYING to eat my weights worth of food. which i do anyway...i hate following the crowd. but let me tell you... it is just that good. i don't go to vegas much, but i have friends that are there quite often. and every single time, they have pictures with this delicious looking warm sandwich that looks like it would melt in my mouth.and boy did it melt. it's $5.99 per sandwich. and for the overpriced vegas food, this is a pleasant surprise. i ordered the montagu and the italian at 8 in the morning after a good 10 hours of sleep (told you i'm bad at the vegas thing)  i wanted it to be good especially because i wasn't drunk or hungover or just trying to gain calories. i REALLY wanted to eat here.and i have no regrets. they take par-baked or raw bread dough, put all the goodness of the meat and whatever else, and run it through the oven. not only does the cheese melt and not only is the sandwich warm, but the bread is pretty much being baked while it's going through the oven. so you have FRESHLY baked bread with a good load of meat, and if the recipe calls for it, lettuce and tomatoes. it takes maybe 5 minutes. effective sandwich place with good taste and quick service. if i ever come to las vegas again, earl of sandwich, i am your best friend.
5	I visited Earl of Sandwich again because it's become pretty much a routine stop for me whenever I go to Vegas.  How can you really resist a $6 sandwich on the strip which is available at any time of the day?This time I decided to try their Italian - (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=V-B0qTxJLuV3PHECKwuAuw).  It's got Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomatoes.  It's a pretty good sandwich but I wouldn't say it's my favorite.  That honor still belongs to the Original 1762.Always open and always dependable you can never go wrong with Earl of Sandwich.
5	I'm finally reviewing Earls. Yes it's that good. Yes it's a must for every Vegas trip. This time I stayed at PH which translates to Earl of Sandwich TID x 3d or something close to that. So far I tried:The Original- good, little saltyThe Full Montagu- meaty, yummyCannonballs- great when hot, I do like my balls of meat! Caprese- pretty good for a vege option cuz I got it twice! Italian-super meaty, bit salty Holiday Turkey Sandwich- i can't remember... Pasta Salad- ok. Earl's is also a good spot for people watching. Witnessed a late late night fight on the mall side between 3 women, 1 man, with a dozen or so spectators with camera phones in hand. Heels were off, purses were flying, people were angry. And no security in sight. Wasn't sure who would win, but I'll always put my money on Earl's. You can't go wrong.
4	Sandwiches are delish, salads.. I might skip those. :) My friend had one and uhhh she didn't look so good later.. LOLANYWAY I had the Hawaiian sandwich with turkey and ham, pineapple and the special bbq-sweet and sour tasting sauce. YUM. I'm not a sandwich person but rather than gorge myself at a vegas buffet and down a meter stick frozen drink in a boot.. a sandwich was a good idea. :) It was hot, flavorful and I didn't get sick. Enough said. Plus the huge line and crowd eased the nerves of it not being good.. Then again, who's really paying attention to the food they had in Vegas? Oh wait, me. Sober trip you see it's real style. LOL
5	I thought maybe I love Earl's Sandwiches so much because... everything tastes better at 4am in Vegas. But I ate it for dinner at a reasonable time (7pm) and.... better than ever!I've tried most of the sandwiches but my favorite is the Montague and the Original. The bread is nice and toasted. They give a good proportion of meat..not too much and not too little. I've visited Earl of Sandwiches during every Vegas trip so far... won't break that streak!
5	It was good I tells ya.. I had the full Montague and added smoked bacon because I was on vacay and I felt that the desire to not care about getting fat was okay.. Anyway, I appreciate that they baked their breads so it doesn't leave that grease-lubed fingers with a side of greasy-fried-chicken-lip-glossy lips. While eating the sandwich, I can't help but feel how light-tasting it was even with the bacon. I took a bite of my friend's Earl Club with the thousand island dressing and it was exceptional as well. I guess next time I'll order my full Montague with smoked bacon and thousand island dressing since most likely the next time I come here, I'll be on vacay again..
4	Never would I have imagined this place being so popular on Yelp!  Went here for our last meal in Vegas after seeing all the positive reviews from yelp friends!I got the Caprese sandwich, since I'm a vegetarian.  You really can't mess up a caprese sandwich.  Or even make it any better... until you have Earl of Sandwich!  They made me an excellent caprese sandwich!It's been a while since I went, but I remember the bread being perfectly toasted... not too soft and not crunchy where it's tearing up my gums.  It was a perfect combination of a crispy outside and warm soft fluffy bready-insides.  Then the buffalo mozzarella was so fresh, as were all the veggies that came inside my sandwich.  Most enjoyable caprese sandwich ever!My fiance got a meatball sandwich, but he recalls it being just okay.  But after talking to so many people who rave about Earl of Sandwich, he's hyped up to go back and try a different sandwich!
4	On way to Vegas was super hungry and thinking of the first spot to eat at..Yelped and found Earl of Sandwhich...was so excited. I went through the reviews and heard so much about the famous Montague so had to try it. It was tasty and overall good, however I expected it to have more of a wow factor. Not quite.. Wanted to try another one just to really have a 5 Star experience, but was too full. As for the service it was super fast and friendly, and organized. There is a variety of sandwiches and sides, and even deserts. So will definitely eat here again when visiting Vegas.
5	First and foremost, THANK YOU to Yelpers Michelle "Shell" B. and Bubba N. for suggesting this place to me!My brothers, friend, and I went for our first lunch in Vegas. After a ridiculously laborious trip from Downtown to Planet Hollywood, we were there. Another few minutes were spent navigating the maze that is PH to the Earl of Sandwich, and alas it was time for lunch!The line itself was scary, but went by in a flash. A line that could have easily taken 45 minutes took maybe ten. The girl taking our orders was nice, but not much in the way of conversation or greeting. She did, however, keep that line moving.The sandwich selection was plentiful, but not so much that it was overwhelming. There were a few treats to look at as the line made it's way down the counter to the registers (chips, fruit, drinks, cookies, etc.).I went with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. It was delicious! My only gripe was that the jerk sauce wasn't as sweet of as spicy as I would have like, but it will not stop me from ordering it again. The bell peppers and banana peppers were excellent!My brother and my friend each got the Hawaiian and holy crap was it good! Ham, barbeque sauce, and pineapple make this sandwich shine, it was definitely the best of them all.My other brother got the Full Montagu and it was the least favored. All in all, it was a good sandwich. It had roast beef, turkey, cheddar, swiss, and veggies. Our problem with this one was that it was a typical sandwich. Compared to similar sandwiches from other restaurants, this one is far better but there was nothing about this one that stuck out or made it special like the other sandwiches.I'm glad I found this place, I'll definitely be back!!!
5	AMAZING! Hard to beat Earl of Sandwiches. Had the original for the first time and it was great! tender meat, lightly toasted, crunchy bread with just the right amount of condiments. Just order it, you'll understand after.
5	It's easy to see why the Earl of Sandwich has made a name for itself in Vegas. Although it constantly sports a long line, the Earl is one of the cheapest, filling meals you can grab in the City of Sin (short of trekking to one of the over-franchised food court locations). Compared to food around the world, the Earl wouldn't earn a full five stars. But when you take into account that you're on the strip, probably some degree of hungover or drunk, and looking to save your money for alcohol, gambling, and female escorts, it's probably one of your best bet in the area.I enjoyed my sandwich much more than my other dining companions seemed to enjoy theirs, but then again, I went with their "famous hot sandwich" - The Original 1762. It sports a huge pile of roast beef, sharp cheddar, and plenty of creamy horseradish sawwce.The Earl is open 24 hours. I don't usually crave sandwiches at 4 in the morning in Vegas. But when I do, I make sure it's an Earl of Sandwich.
5	Luckily, I was staying at Planet Hollywood Towers and this place was right there n given the rave reviews on yelp n a friend's recommendation, we tried out this sandwich place. WOW! what amazing sandwiches! I got the Carribean Jerk chicken sandwich n my wife got a veggie, both were out of this world! This is the best sandwich place ever!!
5	Best sandwiches in Las Vegas and very reasonably priced.It's a walk-up, almost "cafeteria style" kind of place where they make the sandwiches to order, then give you an empty cup to fill yourself.  So no servers or anything.  The staff there is OK/pleasant, but nothing special.  Food comes up within a couple of minutes so you could take it back to room or something...  but there are usually a couple of empty tables right there (people don't really "linger" as it's just not that kind of place).But prices and good food get it 5 stars.  Pretty decent people watching as everyone strolls thru "Miracle Mile" shopping center right next to tables.All indoors with "adequate" amount of seating.  This isn't anything fancy for date night, just a good place to get lunch in the middle of "south strip".Also - I ASSUME you're on foot.  The closest parking would be ridiculously far away and, really, who's dumb enough to drive down to the Strip just for a sandwich?AND OPEN 24 HOURS!!!!  YES!!!! They do serve "breakfast" type sandwiches (with egg) around the 7am - 11am time frame that are pretty good.  It would be much better if they had them AFTER 11am for those of us running with a little later in the evening/wake-up times.
4	Las Vegas is a second home to me, and this is hands down the best place in Vegas to get a sando. When you are hungover and need to catch a flight all you want is a something fast and filling, Earl of Sandwich is the perfect place to go. No matter how busy they get the line moves quick. Even at peak times I've always been able to find a seat without a wait.The Full Montigue and Italian are my favorites, but everything on the menu is worth trying. Every sandwich is served hot and the bread, cheese, and meat seem to melt into one delicious bite that cant be beat. If they moved into Caesers I would be the happiest person on earth, until then it's definitely worth the walk to Planet Hollywood.
4	A must-try if you're in Vegas! Even though it looks packed, the lines actually go super quick and you get your food pretty quickly as well. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I usually would be picky and say no to the bell peppers, but I decided to keep them in. So glad I did because they were DELICIOUS!! The bread was so crisp, the bell peppers were sweet and they went perfect with the chicken and spicy jerk sauce (haHhaa jerk sauce sounds totally wrong). The sandwich was smaller than I had anticipated but in the end, I was happy because I wasn't overly full and could still fit into my dress that night :)
5	I do not leave Vegas without one of their sandwiches. Although the line can be ridiculously long, it's never that long of a wait... I maybe waited 10 minutes in line and another 10 minutes for my sandwich. Although that may seem like a long wait for a simple sandwich, it is definitely worth it!My most recent trip to Vegas, I finally had my long awaited Earl of Sandwich craving fulfilled and it was so much better than I remembered it. I'm usually let down a lot of the times when I have such intense cravings, but I was more than happy with my order.Can't wait for my next Vegas trip!
5	They forgot about my order and I had to remind them: don't care. There was a huge line: it went really fast and we were even able to snag seats. My good girlfriend and I were going to split two different sandwiches, but it was too hard, the Thanksgiving sandwich sounded too bomb, and it was! One of the top 5 sandwiches of my life. I could eat it every day and be happy.Imagine...Moist stuffing, turkey, mostly sweet cranberries, rich thick gravy, and a little mayo nestled into two toasted pieces of bread. To end it all, the Godiva brownie ice cream sandwich with large chocolate chunks. I don't think I can go to Vegas again without eating here I was so embarrassing, I even ate the sandwich cold on the way home and loved every minute of it. It's a good thing it's a 5 hour drive...
3	This place is overly hyped especially if you are friends with Vegas FIENDS! LOLI tried this on my recently trip to Vegas and I have to say that I have had better. And way better on both my wallet and waist. Easy to say that nothing comes cheap in Vegas except for those lovely free drinks. But good food is hard on your wallet and even harder to find. Since I was staying at Planet Hollywood Westgate, I have actually been at Earl's a total of 5 times for this trip. And each time had me wishing that they would add some more veggies to my bad vodka soaked diet. The bread was sooo DELICIOUS but full of butter and grease. I found out that you can actually ask for veggies or extras in it without a charge! I wish I knew that earlier!! :( But nonetheless it is a pretty good deal for being in Vegas and the portions are not TOO bad. If you're a girl you will be full off of $7 and for a guy.. well it sucks to be you in Vegas anyhow :(
5	Holy bejeezus, this place was deeelicious. It doesn't matter WHICH sandwich you get, or WHICH salad you order... it's ALL so good.I'm so sad that there isn't an Earl of Sandwich in California! I KNOW Cali would dig this joint.
5	Holy earl sandwich batman.Just got back from 3 visits to this joint. I mean, 4 days in Vegas.Great great food. People talked about long lines in previous reviews, I never saw 1. But then again, all 3 times I went, it was about 2am.Doesn't really matter what sandwich you get, you'll love it.If they made a seaweed sandwich with snot dressing, it'd probably be enjoyable at this place.I thought the $5 footlong was a good deal until now.How bout the $6 earl?And the best part is, the sportsbook is right next to it. Nice place to eat before you continue to drink yourself into oblivion.And the yogurt parfaits are pretty dern tasty after a night of drinkin'.Long live the earl. I eagerly await for 1 to pop up next to every sarbucks in the world.
2	I literally got a piece of bread, toasted here.Yes, I am that girl when I am drunk. All I want is plain ol' bread. I'm easy to please. BUT Maybe I was just hammered, but it seriously took a LIFETIME for them to get me my bread. Never get in the way of a girl and her bread.Then, they took forever to get me butter (sometimes I add a lil sumpin sumpin with some butter) and then they didn't even have any JAM. Come on, no jam? One star, but being open 24 hours for when I need bread at 3 am IS a plus.... Two for you Glen Coco.
4	I usually don't do JUST a sandwich in Vegas but I just had to give my respects to Earl. After-all he did invent the sandwich and this is HIS way of doing it. Very good eats. I've never met anyone who doesn't like sandwiches so you, ya you, you should give this a try!
4	24 hour sandwich shop?  I'm so there after an awesome night out in Vegas.I stick to my usual Earl's Club sandwich as my lunch, dinner, and late dinner staple.  I love the sandwich sauce they use for this one, so that's why I can't ever order any other sandwich... because they don't have the special sauce!Funny story:  One weekend, per request of my close friend, we went there Friday, Saturday, Sunday night for dinner.  She ordered the Thanksgiving Holiday sandwich all 3 nights.  She LOVED everything (except she's not a cranberry sauce fan) about it, but .... safe to say, she avoided Earl's like the plague for an entire year.  Finally.... went back and had it again. It's like love again.
5	Love Love Love!!!Please, Earl!!! Come to Hawaii!!Everytime my husband and I go to Vegas, we MUST eat here on not one, but several occasions. It really is the best hot sandwich!!My husband gets something different every time he comes here and every time he has been greatly impressed. This time he got the original and then he got the HOLIDAY TURKEY SANDWICH with turkey, cranberries, and stuffing!! Yes! STUFFING!! If you are reading this and are near to an Earl's, please stop reading and head to Earl's NOW! He thought it was the most delicious thing ever. I had the chicken noodle soup which was probably one of the best chicken noodle soups I have ever had (besides yours, Grandma!) and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Yes, the PB&J is off the kids menu but I was craving it! When it came it was hot! I was skeptical at first of a hot PB&J but it was sooo yummy! I also love all the brownies and cookies at the register and always make sure to grab a couple bags of the BBQ chips. Delish!!I can't wait to go back to Earl's one day. Until we meet again, Earl!!
5	Probably the best place to eat at the dead of night in Las Vegas. Cheap sandwiches ($6-7) and open 24 hours.Nothing really bad to say. Drunk food or sober food, both great and at any time of the day.
5	I almost gave up when I saw the line but it moved quick.Saw the relatively little sandwich and almost gave up too. Had the caribbean jerk chicken and my friend had the montague. Delicious. A great deal for the price. But I swear the it's all the warm, toasty, soft bread. The bread and the way that make it completely makes this meal. I didn't want to stop eating and we both wanted to keep going back save for trying other places.It's going to be a stop every trip from now on. I love the Planet Hollywood location. Near the action with great people watching going on.
3	Was very excited to try this place when I saw that it had 4.5 stars after 1400 reviews but was disappointed that it was just okay.  The sandwiches my wife and I ordered were good but nothing special.  I believe that one of the reasons that people give this place 5's and 4's is because they are pretty cheap at around $6 and they are open 24 hrs.  The sandwiches were tasteful but weren't that big and didn't have that much meat on them.  The best part was that they were pretty toasted!  My wife & I both gave this place 3 stars!
5	I think this is probably the best sandwich I had in my life. The original roast beef is so  good. How come there are no Earl of Sandwiches in California???!!! Someone should definitely open one up already.
4	finally, i made my stop at earls after all these attempts coming to vegas.sandwiches are good, and what makes it stand out is the bread itself.  the line was really long but moves relatively fast.  you order first, pay at the end, and pick up once ur buzzer goes off.  their frozen lemonade was eye squinting sour!  eck.their potato soup tasted weird.  kindaaa sour-ish.  me no likey.
5	I'm almost moved to tears when I can eat here.I just order the original.
5	24 Hours HOT SPOT for a quick fix sandwich. Each sandwich are made to order and Bake perfectly. Blow my taste-buds away. !YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE. =)
4	cant go wrong here, in the mood for sandwich this is it. its baked and toasty, healthy and filling. its not as good as jersey mikes but almost there.  price is very Worth it.
5	ive stayed at Planet Hollywood twice this year and each time i make it a point to hit up this place. hands down best sandwich ive ever had. i just wish and pray one will open in Southern California soon!!
5	Delicious sandwiches. I tried it before when my sister took some to go and didn't think it was anything crazy good or anything. I dont know if it's because I was drunk when i tried it or if it wasn't fresh. o_O haha.. but this time i tried it from the restaurant itself... and boy.. it was delicious! i think it does taste best fresh though. its so yummy. me and my friends were all trying each others sandwiches and each and every one of them tasted sooo good. the best part is it's surprisingly cheap! i expected to be paying at least $9 dollars for the sandwiches but they were like $5.95 or something. SO reasonable! especially for vegas! i'll definitely be back. =)
5	Get the TUNA MELT, but tell them to use MOZZARELLA CHEESE instead of Swiss cheese. :-)
4	Get: Earl's clubNote: The soups change daily...i wanted the cream of broccoli but they didn't have it when i went :(Earl of Sandwich is in PH but far enough away from the noise and smoke to sit and eat there. I got the earls club and my friend got the full montagu. 12.95 is not bad for two sandwiches in Vegas, so that was a plus. They were out of the ice cream sandwiches, and also didn't have the soup I wanted to try :((((Earl's club was a delicious sandwich. The bread is fabulous and crunchy but fluffy on the inside, and of course, warm. The lettuce, bacon, cheese, and tomatoes go perfectly (duh) and are of high quality. Warm and delicious even when not drunk. I tried my friends sandwich, the montage, and it was good as well but not as juicy (no bacon) and not as flavorful (probably the bacon again) as my sandwich (bacon!). Definitely worth a stop if you're craving hot sandwiches or need a good drunk food
4	I stopped by here one day for lunch while I was staying in PH, and I was not disappointed.I ordered the full montagu, and it was very good.  The sandwich was kind of the perfect size, it didn't leave me totally stuffed and miserable, but I wasn't still hungry after eating it.  Also it was perfectly priced.Warm, fresh ingredients, all in all, a great sandwich.  I would stop by again.
5	i have had Earl's sandwiches at all hours of the day...  in all sorts of different states of mind. and regardless of whatever I'm feeling at that moment, the sandwiches never fail to send me to taste bud heaven. depending on your state, the size of the sandwich satisfies any type of craving possible. It could be the perfect portion (late night drunk munchies status), or even way too much (sober lunch/dinner, when you are thinking logically and decide not to stuff yourself by saving the other half for late night snackage). prices are super reasonable (about $6 per sandwich), and the selection is huge!the eating area is located at the edge of the casino area. it's far enough so that customers can avoid the smell of smoke and loud cheers, but it is also close enough so you are able to keep a watchful (and rather entertained) eye on your belligerent friends who insist on playing poker drunk. (or vice versa... both ways work :D)no matter the distance the hotel happens to be to PH, i ALWAYS make a trip to Earl's. definitely worth it!
4	Earl of Sandwich is @ Planet Hollywood.Tried the Full Montagu sandwich and was not hungry after that.  Really big portion.  Full Montagu is - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce.  Pretty darn good.  Shared a salad - the Caprese Salad - Field Greens & Romaine, Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Roma Tomato, Fresh Basil & Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Very fresh salad.
5	YUM. 24 HOURS!!! Hot sandwiches, bread was good, decently priced. You can't go wrong here. Next time I'm having drunk munchies, I'll be coming here. They have different and unique sandwiches. Would definitely recommend!
5	Honestly the best sandwich I have ever had.  The bread was soft and delish.  I had the Italian and hubby got a turkey.  We both loved our sandwiches!  I am bummed that we found this place on our last day there because I would have gone back.  It was quick take otu service and we were able to eat right there to enjoy the sights.  Mmmmmm wish we had these back home!
5	Been 3 times. Got "cannonballs!" each time. It's basically a meat sandwich but it's definite not your average. I wish I had one right now. Do yourself a favor and get it.
5	SIMPLY DIVINE. THE best bread ever and its always perfectly toasted! The holiday stuffing sandwich is off the walls amazing. All kinds of yummy. I ate two in a 6 hour period.. And then I bought another one to pack for the carride home. I would fly to vegas just to eat here. Also, 24 hours which is VERY clutch. Even when theres a long line, it moves fast and your tummy will be happily satiated :)
4	Came with gfs when we were doing some shopping and got hungry. Even though there was a line we decided to wait because of the Yelp reviews.I got the Earl Club Sandwish http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=ol34-ZyPdzh9p6elCEcqRQ and a sugar cookie. Sandwich was really good but slightly salty. Tried my friend's Montagu it was good too but also a little salty. I think its the turkey....common ingredient *ding ding ding*Cookie was blah....coulda saved the two bucks and throw it in the slot machine instead.
5	Oh Earl... how I love you... let me count the ways... the tuna melt, the jerk chicken, the soups... I love everything about you.This is one of my fave stops when we come to Vegas.  I only wish they would open one in Phoenix.  BEST sandwiches EVER.  That is all.
3	Rave review after rave review, earl had finally won a date with me. The line was intimidatingly long, so I was pretty reluctant to stand in line. Luckily I spoiled myself a nice overly expensive frothy shake from Sugar Factory to hold me over.The menu isn't ridiculously large, so deciding which to get wasn't too arduous. That, and I had a friend who was willing to split two different sammies with me so I'd at least get options.  We tried the club and the roast beef, with a tomato soup. I also got a cookie just to round out my meal.The size of the sandwich isn't eye popping. In fact, it was nearly disappointing. Definitely not enough meat in there. The bread, however, was soft inside, crispy crusty outside. I honestly think the bread is what makes the sandwiches here notably good.  Between the roast beef and club, I preferred the roast beef. There was a hint of horseradish in there that I oddly enjoyed, albeit not being a fan of the stuff at all. I also tried the Montagu, which I think I liked above the rest, but still wasn't anything to write home about. The soup was disappointing. Lackluster in flavor and way too diluted. At least they threw a lot of croutons in there.Cookies were delicious, at least it left a happy note on my tongue.
3	Dear Earl,Oh how I've been longing to meet you.  After multiple Vegas trips, I still couldn't find a good reason to come to your house at the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops until last month.  Not sure if you remember me, but I came with 3 other people and it was their first time meeting you too. I kinda feel bad because I was the one who suggested checking you out. Thank goodness the time I came to see you, there was no line because waiting in line for a sandwich, that shit cray.  But I'm glad my friends enjoyed your company. For me, it was kinda like a going on a date.  Spending money and at the end of the date, I'm left wanting more.  Usually that's a good thing.  But after I left you, I saw some lobster roll place and kinda wish I spent my time and money there.  Which is usually not a good thing.However, $5.99 a sandwich, I wouldn't be totally against coming by to see you again.  Don't call me, I'll call you.Smooches,Bong EPS - I got to try The Original and The Club.  Maybe next time I'll try the Cannonball because I had a friend drop a meatball on the floor and thought about eating it.Best hot sandwiches ever.  Question Mark.
4	We came to Vegas for the weekend and in the process of walking around, became hungry, so we checked out yelp for some options.  Lo and behold, Earl of Sandwich came up and with so many reviews and a good overall rating, we decided to check it out.We (my girlfriend and I), split the Caprese salad and settled on the club and the Italian for hot sandwiches.  The salad wasn't bad, the cheese was fresh and it had a good taste overall, but compared to the ones we make at home it wasn't bad.  The club was great, it had a smoky taste to it that I really liked.  My girlfriend had the Italian which was amazing.  Great blend of flavors and it was exactly what she was looking for.  We were hoping to make it back again over the weekend to try some more of the menu items but were unable to do so.  We'll definitely stop back by the next time we are in town.
4	Soup - 5 stars (woo-hoo!)Salad - 4 stars (yay!)Sammnich - 3 stars (ok...)Located in planet hollywood, just on the outskirts of the miracle mile shop, this place was poppin!  I mean, at a couple separate times, the line wrapped around the eatery.  However, the line does move quickly, but not quick enough for me to lose $10 on the Batman: Dark Knight  slots machines (crap!).  The first day, I was too hung over to eat anything filling so I opted for the cobb salad.  A decent portion size, all of the ingredients tasted fresh.  Although the chicken was moist and lightly seasoned, I kinda wished there was less chicken and more lettuce.  There was enough for me to bring a bit back to the hotel room and snack on it later...The next day, I was in search for more food, specifically soup, and found my way back to Earl.  I saw a picture of the holiday sandwich while waiting in line and thought, "Hey, I like turkey, gravy, and stuffing, why not?"  I ordered the holiday sandwich and broccoli and cheddar soup to satisfy my inner fat kid.  Ah, soup...  I'm a soup junkie.  When my boyfriend is sick, I think of chicken noodle soup and end up eating it all myself.  The soup at Earl's was very tasty.  The soup was nice and thick with lots of melted cheddar and the broccoli was nice and soft and melt in your mouth style.  The only downside was the portion size is too small, but what do you expect for $2.99?  Now the sandwich...  I don't know, maybe I had higher expectations of thanksgiving dinner to go, but I was thoroughly disappointed.  1. they forgot my cranberries, 2. definitely not enough gravy, no no cranberries and small amount of gravy equals dry sammnich , and 3. the meat was uber salty!  As you can see, everything led to a dry, salty sandwich which did not go so well for someone who is already dehydrated from binge drinking the night before.  I managed to get half the sandwich down and all the soup, but it proved futile when I literally vomited to food back up in the hotel room, literally 15 minutes later.  (yayy cause there goes all the calories I just ingested, and no I don't have an eating disorder).  That being said, I still ate the other half of the sandwich the next morning :)  I'm pretty sure I'll still go back on future
4	Decent sandwiches.
5	I went down to this place with a group of 5 friends and each person was raving about how awesome their sandwich was!  Everything was fresh and had that homemade goodness to it.  Price was great as well!  The holiday turkey sandwich was winners
4	Researchers at Northwestern University conducted a study in mice linking late night eating to weight gain.  I, on the other hand, conducted a study of my own that found in a sample size of 3, following significant consumption of alcohol, there was a 100% chance that consuming a sandwich from E of S after 3AM would be astronomically delicious.  Located just inside the entrance of Planet Hollywood facing the strip, this is the ideal place to grab a late night snack if your wallet is thin from a cooler at the casino tables ($5.99) or you're too incoherent to sit down and order from a server or drive off the strip.  From the name, it's pretty obvious that the sandwiches are the star.  My first trip we ordered the Holiday Turkey and the Carribean Jerk sandwich and the sandwiches are all wrapped in foil and shaped like gold bars.  The first thing you will notice upon taking the first bite is the amazing panini-like crunch from the exterior of the bread followed by the chewy, gooey, and occasionally crispy components within.    The Holiday Turkey pretty much tasted like Thanksgiving dinner between two amazing pieces of bread and the Carribean Jerk sandwich, albeit tasty, didn't necessarily remind me of the islands since I was expecting less mayo and more spice.  The remaining sandwiches all looked really solid, especially the Roast Beef, the Club sandwich, and the Full Montague.   Somewhere along the hallways of the pantheon of great sandwiches, the Earl himself is giving his seal of approval.
5	Best sandwich I've ever had! Great pricing!!! Love this place!!
5	Im not much of a sandwich fan and I was hungover. When youre dehydrated and feeling like poopoo.... you know what the last food I crave is? Sandwiches. Blech.My friend wanted to eat this and I figured I might as well give in. Not like I couldve enjoyed any other food in my condition... I looked over the menu and chose the Full Montagu. Cheese, Roast Beef, Turkey................ heaven.Easily the best sandwich Ive ever had. Its even better when you add some mayo... but damn, I think it cured my hangover it was so good! This was my favorite meal in Vegas and it was obvious because I ended up eating 5 sandwiches within 36hrs. The two negatives to Earls:1 - Cannonballs (meatball sub) wasnt very good. Well, it was good, but only for the first couple bites and got sickening really fast.2 - I gained 3lbs on this trip.
5	I ate here by accident, tagging along with a friend, but I am glad I did.  I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and tried some of my boyfriend's Full Montagu.  Although the Full Montagu was good (my boyfriend loved it), I thought the Caribbean Jerk Chicken was OMG delicious.  I should've prefaced this with the fact that I LOVE sour stuff, which is part of the reason why this sandwich was so good.  The flavors of the chicken and sauce was complimented perfectly by the tartness of the banana peppers.
5	I don't care how long the wait is for this place...I cannot resist their Carribean Jerk...nomnoms!! After a long night of partying and boozin', this place hits the spot AND it's affordable. Say whaa? I know right? If you're in Vegas...GO NOW.
5	For how long their line looks, they are Fast. Delicious. Cheap.
5	This is a MUST every time I go to Vegas.  Lines can get pretty long during peak meal times, but it is worth the wait (although the line goes fast).  We got the original and the BLT (the first BLT on the menu - there's 2 different BLT sandwiches) and the tomato and loaded potato soup.  WOW, it was soooo good.  I couldn't finish my sandwich so I saved it and ate it a few hours later and it was just as good then.  If you haven't tried, you MUST.  Plus, the prices are wallet-friendly.
4	Awesome sandwiches, but you pay the price for them.  Its expensive for sandwiches but hey, its Vegas right?  Every time we're in town, I always find myself here at least once.  Everything is good, so try them all!
5	Cheap and good.  Everything on the damn menu.  I really thought there was nothing in Las Vegas that would possibly fall under both categories, but I was wrong.  At first, I thought Ellis Island would be the only place to go for late night munchies for their five dollar steak and eggs, but now that I've tried Earl's, I can say that this place is just as tasty and worth every penny.  Service is ridiculously fast; they have a full blown sandwich assembly line going, and there is ample seating area in and around.  Come here after a night of clubbing if you wanna observe some funny drunks.PROTIP:  Try their kettle chips; goes with the sandwich perfectly.
5	yummy!!!!---
4	Montagu sandwich. Roast beef and turkey Yummy!  Tomato soup was awesome! definitely will come back here to try more bites when I'm in Vegas next!
5	It was 3am and 5 people were in line, we decided to get some food in our system, especially since we've been wanting to try one of these sandwiches, but the line had been 30 people deep each time we've passed by previously. So we split a 6 inch Full Montague sandwich, toasted perfectly. It was a fantastic deal in Vegas...finding GOOD food under $7 at a casino??? By time we got our sandwich and sat down, the line was again 30 people deep...at 3 in the morning! I'd also suggest splurging on the brownie sandwich for dessert ;)
4	If you are anywhere near the planet Hollywood forum shops then you should stop by and get a sandwich from here!!! They are excellent!!! and for about 5 bucks you really cant go wrong with any of them!
5	I had the Earl, sweet potato fries (comes with apple sauce?), shoe string fries, and something with chicken and bellpeppers (comes with this amazing herb-y sauce). And a coke.Good:+ Food: So good. Everything I tried was so good. I need to try more. Also, the drinks are a self-serve station (meaning free refills yay!)     + The bread was the perfect amount of chewy, soft, crunchy, and flavorful. The cheese was ooey-gooey melty goodness.  The flavors that came all together was just amazing.+ Price: I don't remember. All I remember is that it's worth it. I think I ate this for "breakfast" (at 2pm) and "dinner" (at 2am).Bad:- Lines are HUGE for this place. Why? Because it's sooooooo good.- Lots of seats, but lots of people = limited seating areas. However, this IS a sandwich place after all, so you can just eat it on the go!- Limited locations of this particular sandwich place.  It's a must if you're in Vegas!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Earl of Sandwich. Especially since now, everytime I go to Vegas, I only want to stay at Planet Hollywood Towers. Their sandwiches really delicious and they hit the spot after a late night of partying. My favorite sandwich though - The Turkey Holiday. It's turkey with stuffing and cranberry. AMAZING. I don't know if they still have it, but if they do.. everyone should try it! But, all of the other sandwiches are just as good!
4	I had the original 1762 and it was delicious.  I pretty much inhaled the thing along with a yummy tomato soup.  Don't worry if you see a long line because it moves fairly quickly.  I wish they offered a horseradish cream with more kick.
4	I'm not sure what the hype is about, or maybe I just ordered the wrong sandwich. I am not quite sure this place is worth a 30 min. wait, but I can see how this is the perfect place for a late night after drinks snack.I ordered the meatball sandwich whereas many others recommended the tuna melt. I wasn't feeling the tuna anyway. What I loved about the place is the toasted bread. The bread was light and fluffy and it came with a nice crust from the toasting. The meatballs were decent although probably not the best I've ever had. The marinara was a little on the sweeter side and it could probably use a dash of fresh herbs to spruce it up. Overall, not bad and I would go back. The seating situation sucks so I would go during offpeak hours.
4	I wish I could give 4.5 stars. The only thing holding back is atmosphere - this place is in a mall with smokey gambling pits nearby.  That being said, the food was, although simple sandwich fare, pretty darn tasty for fast food.  I ordered the original 1762 sandwich - roast beef, sharp cheddar & creamy horseradish. Beef was very thinly sliced and seemed of quite nice quality and the artisan bread was good, with plenty of horseradish sauce that was just perfectly spicy.
5	This isn't just a great sandwich, it's a great affordable sandwich on Vegas strip. Where else can you get something like this for under $10 on the strip that's THIS good? Sometimes even I get sick of buffets and steak&eggs. I've turned this into a must-go on every Vegas trip. I've tried several different sandwiches and have never been let down. My favorite at the moment is the Tuna Melt, even though I have to look past how fatty the sandwich is. Their tomato soup is nice and light, a great compliment to the sandwich. I highly recommend stopping at Earls. I crave their sandwiches when I haven't been to Vegas in a while.
5	Top knotch. World Class. Amazing sandwiches and prices are very good. 24 hour availability makes it all the rage! If you on the strip go out of your way to check it out!
4	in our 4 days here, we went here like 3 times that i am aware of.  prices aren't too bad at $5.99 a sandwich and they taste really good.  not super packed but they hit the spot.  i wish they were stuffed a little bit more, but they are still very good for the price in my opinion.  the bread makes the sandwich as it is toasted and very good, almost like really good mexican torta bread.  i had the caprese, full montagu, and the italian.  i would highly recommend either of them and i can't really say any was better than the other because they were all different and delicious.  i think it helped with the italian that we had some salad in our room and i threw that onto the sandwich while we were in the room as it made it a little more beefy and added some more flavor.  place is open 24 hours i think, but i am sure it is open at late hours as we stopped here after partying at the marquee all night so it was probably like 3 or 4 in the morning and they were still open.eitherway, when i am back at PH next month for my stay, ill probalby be here at least once
5	This place is awesome!  Visited the PH location and ordered the thanksgiving dinner sandwich.  It was amazing.  The stuffing tasted like it had a little too much chicken bullion cooked into it, but the cranberry and dressing helped cut down the flavor.  My girlfriend only ate half of hers, so I got to have her turkey sandwich as well.  I will stop by again, maybe multiple times due to the great sandwiches and cheap price.
5	BEST sandwiches in VEGAS! Put into consideration that practically everything in Sin City is super pricey, their sandwiches are priced really well! at approx. $6-7 for each. After a long night of dancing and drinking, got the munchies for something nice and warm and one of the girls thought about Earl's Sandwich. So we made a pit stop there and gave it a try (it was my first time ever trying it) We had to to-go it back for the hotel since everyone was tired. When I finally got the chance to eat it, it was still warm, but not as crispy as it would have been if we were able to eat it right there when we got it. Imagine how much better that would have been?! OMG.. deliciousness on overdrive!! I got the Caribbean Jerk and wow... it's hard to even describe even on here, just go and get it yourself and find out how YUMMY it is!! :)
3	With the guys preoccupied with "guy stuff," I was left to roam The Strip all by my lonesome. When my tummy notified me that it was lunchtime, I didn't have to search far to find a quick grub spot; I was standing right in front of an ad for Earl of Sandwich! Well, that was effortless, thank you Universe.My Caprese Salad & a fountain root beer cost less than $9. I so appreciated the very appropriate portion--just enough for one moderately hungry girl--as some portions in Vegas tend to err on the side of REE-diculous. The tomatoes & mozzarella were fresh, but the salad was kind of drowning in its vinaigrette. Overall, it was un-special & really kind of "meh" but I can't knock a place that serves $5.99 salads & sandwiches.Won't be a stop on *my* next trip to Vegas, but if you've just lost your shirt at the blackjack table, *you* may want to stop by this wallet-friendly Planet Hollywood eatery.
5	Rating: 4.5 starsPeople have been RAVING about Earl's since the car ride over to my hotel. And it is that good. Why is it not 5 stars? Because I had something really similar in Korea, and it was better there :[ hahaConvenient to order, easy to customize I guess (if you're picky about condiments and stuff). I had the Earl Club Sandwich; it was so good, typical insides.. I think it was turkey + bacon + condiments. My friends tried the Holiday Turkey Sandwich; it is THANKSGIVING IN YO MOUF. Seriously; turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy. I really like how they slightly toast your buns.. I also wish they could be bigger, but oh well. My girl friends and I ate half before pregaming and ate the 2nd half after clubbing LOL so it was practically like 2 meals! Wow! It's located in the Miracle Mile shopping center which was right next to where I stayed. Yay for convenient locations and delicious food!
5	I love this sandwich place. It's  simple, delicious, and doesn't make big damages to your bank account...esp after you've been gambling away your money in Vegas.The sandwiches are hot and full of flavor. I had their club--minus a few condiments..and it was yummy.  Perfect sized as well--but if your'e a hungry eater, you might want to add a soup or one of their specialized baked goods. However, I've never tried either...Definitely a place to hit up--one of the great (cheaper) eats in Vegas.
4	Don't let the long line fool you! They have the sandwich assembly line down to perfection. They move pretty quickly and your food will come out in no time. The sandwiches here are cheap, the perfect size, and most importantly, really yummy! Aaaand they're open 24 hours for your late night cravings/drunchies!I tried the Full Montagu and the Holiday Turkey. I must say, the Holiday Turkey is quite possibly one of the best sandwiches ever! It truly is Thanksgiving in a sandwich, made with turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. YUMM! The cranberry sauce wasn't too sweet like I had expected it to be. It was just perfect and balanced out the saltiness of the turkey. The Full Montagu was good but definitely nothing to write home about. I love how they lightly toast the bread also. This place is definitely a must when in Vegas! ): I miss it already!
2	Really?! I don't understand all the hype about this place. My friends and I walked around the strip for almost an hour because they wanted to eat at this place. First off, $5.99 for an itty bitty sandwich? I get that it's Vegas... Anyway! I got the Montagu because of all the Yelp reviews. I was pretty upset and low-key disappointed that we had walked around the strip of an hour just to eat this average-tasting sandwich.
3	i typically don't have time to eat in vegas cause i'm too busy partying but was in town last weekend and there were no pool parties getting in the way of me exploring the strip.ive heard SO many good things about Earl of Sandwich and after reading so many yelp reviews i was really excited to try it! unfortunately, i don't really get the hype about this place. maybe everyone is too drunk when they have their meal? let's be honest, almost everything tastes good when you're drunk. i ordered the club and it was good but i wasnt that impressed. the bread was toasted perfectly and the ingredients tasted fresh but considering there are a TON of places to eat in vegas, not sure if i'd come back (especially since i heard the wait can sometimes be over an hour!)
3	This is a great place for an inexpensive sandwich, especially for a spot on the strip.  I tried the Full Montagu and the BBQ chicken.  I didn't really like the BBQ sauce they use, it's way too sweet for my taste.  I was disappointed after reading all the rave reviews for this place.  The sandwiches were good but not great.   I came here for a morning breakfast but I think I would have preferred the breakfast buffet at Bellagio. Yeah, I love buffets.
5	Food is good and affordable. Most of all, I have wifi signal.
5	Hot sandwiches for under $10, open 24/7, and fast service!! So far I've had the Carribean Jerk and the Earl's Club.. both were awesome. I've heard The Original is the best or was it the BLT?.. Anyways both are next on my list next time I'm in Vegas.
3	What is so special about this place?!?!I was hungover and starving. We ended up waiting in line for about 30 minutes. Got half a BBQ sandwich/ half a Earls Club (traded with a buddy). None of which was super impressive. Had also tomato soup. Was nothing special.Dealing with the wait, and the anticipation, I was extremely disappointed.
4	YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!!!  This is one of the best sandwich place ever because everything tastes so fresh and great!  I love the fact that they have something for everyone here and what makes it so awesome is that it's cheap compared to all the other places around the Strip.  The last time I went I had to wait for an hour to get my sandwich because of the long lines.  However, my friends and I went around 2-3 pm on a Saturday this past weekend and we got our food fairly quickly.  I had originally asked for the Tomato soup to go with my sandwich, but they gave me loaded potato instead.  I love soups and the loaded potato soup was really good, not too creamy, and it had this comfort feeling when I was devouring it.  Since this was my second time, I had the Montague again, it just hits the spot when you're hungry.  Love Earl of Sandwich!!!
2	Not what I expected. Ugh, these deceiving Yelp reviews...!Earl looks like a Quiznos and tastes only slightly better. Yes, it's open 24 hours but hello, this is Las Vegas. There are much better food options at even the most obscure hours. Roast beef sandwich: It's good, but most things taste good at 5 AM. It's reasonably priced, but that's because it's small. And at 5am I want a feast, not a three bite appetizer. Again, this is Vegas, the official home of gluttony, so Earl, please step it up a notch!The clientele was somewhat depressing at 5 AM, but it's safe to assume that most Vegas establishments are depressing at 5 AM.Next bender, I'm going to Secret Pizza instead.
4	Expect long lines!! But it's definitely worth the wait and considering how cheap the prices are. You can't go wrong with Earl of Sandwich!!I ordered the OG sandwich! Yeeeefreshly roasted beef, cheddar cheese & creamy horseradish sauce. It was a perfect combination. The horseradish went well with errythangg. My bf ordered the montagu sandwich which consisted of the whole shebang--freshly roasted beef, turkey, swiss cheese & cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce. I think this was a little too heavy and too much for my appetite.I was eye-ing on the turkey holiday sandwich but it seemed way too heavy for me. Next time fo'sho! We also ordered their loaded potato soup which was very yummy! =)I give this place 4.5/5. Dock of 1/2 a point for the wait =P But it's quick once you get to the front of the line and order your food. P.s. soda tasted sooo good with my meal. or maybe 'cause I was a tad bit hungover and was hella thirsty.Go check out this place when you're in vega$ =)
5	I don't know, its a sanwich. Cheap eats in Vegas; about $6 for a bomb diggitty sandwich. I got the full montagu because everyone on yelp said it was good. no kidding. it was goooood :] Heck, its even good after a 4 hour drive back home to california. Just pop it into the oven and heat it up for 3 mins and bam! youre back to Earls!Located in Planet Hollywood hotel. Didn't wait that long and I heard the line can get ridiculous. Its open 24/7 so its a good place to go after a long night at the club (unless youre already gone...then you can eat it the next day when you wake up)
4	Went with the Original and the Caribbean jerk.  Listen to the Yelpers on this one.  Go with the Original and you should not be disappointed.  This place is great for two reasons.  It is open 24 hours a day, and it is super affordable.  $6 a sandwich is amazing for vegas.  The original is a roast beef sandwich, which had a hint of cracked pepper.  It was bomber.  the horseradish sauce was very pleasant as well.  The Jerk was not that great, good, but not great.  Go with the Original and you should be a happy camper.
5	Holiday Turkey sandwich. Best thing ever!!!! I hate the fact that this is seasonal. It's Thanksgiving Day right now... & I couldn't care less about what I'll be eating in a few hours because all I want to do right now is to go back to Vegas and buy 100 of these Holiday sandwiches and freeze them because YES, it was THAAAAAT GOOD.Turkey - goooooood. Stuffing - goooooood, Gravy - yummmmmmm, and top it off with Cranberry sauce - OMG ... I die and go to food heaven. If you're in Vegas, I'm jealous. Eat this now.
3	This  place is open 24/7  . Whenever I walked by here , this place was always busy.Ended up getting the full montagu, which is roasted beef, turkey,  swiss ,cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. Order came up got it and it was warm and toasty, good sized sandwich. Biting into it was tasty and made with good quality fixings. Good sandwich anytime of the day, filling and helped prevent a terrible hangover the next day.
3	I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and just did not fall in love with it. The torta like bread was nice and soft, but the chicken, banana peppers and regular red peppers did not work together for me. Their cheddar soup also was a more indulged nacho cheese dip.The only plus things would be that this place is open 24/7 for late drunk night eating after clubbing in Vegas. Price is decent, food comes out fast.I'll see if we can raise the stars a bit once I figure out what's good and what's not next time around.
4	Delicious sandwiches, I've gotten the Earl's Club before and the Holiday sandwich.  Loved them both.  I'm a fan of hot sandwiches so maybe that's why I like Earl's so much.  And the sandwiches are a decent price too.  Every time I go to Vegas, I gotta make a stop at Earl of Sandwich.
4	Not too shabby! The sandwiches are pretty well priced as well. Solid 3.5 starsHmm, what to order? Why not check with my friends on Yelp?!  Yelpers recommended the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I was not disappointed.Earl of Sandwich definitely knows how to handle the crowd. There was about 15 people in line and by the time I got to the front to order my sandwich, it took about 3 minutes to get to the cashier, and when I was finished paying, my sandwich was ready!!!Amazing!!! The Caribbean Jerk Chicken tasted like a pizza, but the bread was absolutely delicious!!!  I also ordered a side of cole slaw and it was disgusting! Not good at all!! I highly recommend not picking that up as you make your way to the cashier.
4	Earl's = Vegas. It's as simple as that. A visit to Vegas wouldn't be complete without stopping into Earl's!Quality food at such an awesome price, it appeals to EVERYONE in Vegas. On my last visit, I split the "Original" sandwich w/ my BF which consisted of Roast Beef, Cheddar & Horseradish sauce. Hot, filling and it hit the spot! The bread is the best part. Their potato salad is pretty good too. The fact that Earl's is open 24 hours a day is a major major plus. I love Earl's for being in Vegas, but I still can't deem it as being the "best sandwich" I've ever had. That title can only go to Ike's in SF and I can't help but compare! Anyways, a visit to Earl's is an experience. If you're looking for a cheap meal during your Vegas trip, this is the place to be.
5	Best effing sandwich of my lifeeeeee. And that's not just the drunchies talking because I had it for lunch another day too...Yes this place is so perfect that I ate here 2/3 days in Vegas. I know the 1500+ reviews already speak for themselves but I feel compelled to write a review because it's that delicious!!!To be honest I only had the Holiday Turkey Special so I didn't try the normal ones but OMG. Turkey, stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, seasoned mayo, all between two perfectly toasted pieces of bread. HEAVEN. I should've been more daring but I just loved this sandwich so much I didn't want to try anything else. I think I could live on this.... ultimate thanksgiving sandwich. Good at both 3am and 1pm, or any other time for that matter since it's 24/7!! I also got the loaded potato soup which was decent, but their forte is obviously their sandwiches. When most other decent meals in Vegas are at least $10, Earl of Sandwich shines through at a reasonable price of $5.99.... salivating as I write this.On behalf of all my friends, the next time you're in Vegas, you MUST stop here, whether it's at 4am after a night of clubbing or for an orgasmic lunch/dinner-- heck, even breakfast!!!
3	The sandwiches here are good, but they're not blow my mind "best  effing sandwich of my lifeeee" good.  If you're looking for something unique to Vegas and you're on a budget then this is a good place to eat.  If money ain't a thing and you want some real quality food then I'd look elsewhere.  I had the Montagu and the All American; between those 2 I preferred the All American.  It was moist and flavorful.  FYI the sandwiches aren't very filling so if you're starving you may want to get 2
4	I've only eaten here for breakfast but they have wonderful, fresh breakfast sandwiches for $3.99.  Service is fast and friendly.  Fountain soda so free refills while you are in the "restaurant".  It is order at the counter service then you are given a pager that lights up when your food is ready for pick-up (less than 5 minutes).
5	Earl of Sandwich is not overrated at all. It lives up to all the positive comments. I've only been here once but I'm sure everything is just as delicious and fresh as the club sandwich I ordered. Wish they had more locations..
5	BEST SANDWICH Evvvveeeerr!!  Hot damn, this place is good!  And it's open late - I would give 10 stars if I could.  Not only is it a cheap option on the strip for lunch and late night, but it's also original and serves alcohol!  Sold!I have had my experiences with good sandwiches (potbelly, jason's deli), but Earl's Sandwich is a home run - I will def be back and I will def recommend them.  I had the turkey something and I think I inhaled that sucker - bread has the right crunch and toastiness and all the fixin's are just right.  Yep, I'm a fan and will be a repeat customer fo sho!
5	I got suckered into an impromptu one nighter in Vegas. I agreed to go because I knew I would stay at Planet Hollywood.....which meant sandwiches! Yes, I wholeheartedly admit I only went for the Full Montagu. Ate one when I got there, ate one at 5am and bought 4 to-go before checking out. Im disgusting. But the sandwiches here are so good, I really dont care.
5	They have the best caprese sandwich ever.The bread is warm and toasted. Then you're met with the cool Balsamic dressing.Mix that with some tomatoes and mozzarella.SOOOOO GOOOOOODDDDD!!!!SO GOOOD AND CHEAP I ATE HERE 3 times during my 2 day stay. Yum!!!
5	Everything has already been said. Best deal on the strip and open late.
3	i really dunno what all the hoo-rah about this place is. my sandwich was very salty. i've had better sandwiches. definitely better places to eat in vegas.
5	I make a point to hit this place whenever I'm in Vegas. It's located in Planet Hollywood and I will even make a trek on foot from the other end of the strip if I have to just to enjoy their fresh, delicious, tasty sandwiches. All of their hot sandwiches are good but my personal favorite and go-to choice is the The Full Montagu-Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. This is the sandwich that got me hooked. It's warm, the meat is flavorful, the veggies are fresh, the seasoning is delicious, and the portion is just right.As an added bonus, Earl of Sandwich in Vegas is open 24 hours! Perfect for Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner. I wish there was a location in Socal.
3	Who doesn't like a good sandwich?  We chose this place because we were looking for somewhere we haven't eaten at before and was affordable.   The sandwiches here are basic sandwiches and the bread is good.  We ordered soup, which was Luke warm and bland,  and potato salad which was decent as our sides. So why didn't I like it more? I think it's because I like the sandwiches at the NY style deli in the NYNY  hotel that much more, so why wouldn't I just go there instead?
5	This place is BOMB. We were recommended by a friend to try this place out and once we saw it, we checked yelp for their reviews and said BINGO this it!I don't know what their secret is but their sandwiches are delicious! I had the italian sandwich (which I HIGHLY recommend), and Nina H. had the Earl sandwich or something like that.we both enjoyed our sandwich very much and it wasn't bcuz we were starving children. (We practically drank more than we ate in Vegas.) But honestly, how satisfied and happy I was after I was done with my sandwich would probably measure up to if I was to win the jackpot. We need sandwiches like these in Hawaii!!Note* a bottle water is $2.50... that is ridiculous. Go find an ABC store or just get one from the casino.
4	The history of the sandwich goes way back, and while the fourth Earl of Sandwich did not actually invent the sandwich, he is credited with coining the term.  People supposedly used to ask for "the same as Sandwich," and over time, the phrase was inevitably shortened to sandwich (and sammie). My friend in LA told me about Earl of Sandwich in PH the day before I left for Vegas, saying she had wanted to check it out but didn't have the time to do so.  When we arrived late in the evening, I was pleased to see that the joint was under half a mile from our hotel (the Flamingo).  Despite the late hour, there were still a fair number of people waiting around for sammies.  I was so happy to see that the shop stays open till 3 AM; it was a monday, too!  Everything sounded great, but I ended up with the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6945.jpgAnd a bowl of WIsconsin Cheddar soup :) My sandwich had chicken, sweet BBQ sauce, and pineapple inside. Derricious. Nice, chewy bread... warm chicken, sweet pineapple... It's nothing fancy, and definitely nowhere near as big as a Subway footlong, but my expectations were met, and I left satisfied. :) Not bad for a relatively inexpensive meal in Vegas. Also, the soup was a bit too salty, but I'm sure most people would like it.
5	Best comforting, cheap food in Vegas! I think there are very few cheap food options in Vegas, and even fewer good cheap food options. However, in comes Earl...$5.99 for all of their sandwiches. $2.99 for their soups. Open 24 hrs/day.Sandwich is freshly made, perfectly toasted, and nice and hot when you get it. It's definitely worth the long waits during lunch rush. I like how you can watch all of the employees making the sandwiches as you wait in line. I tried the Earl's Club last time, and loved it. The Original was good, too, but I wish there veggies in the sandwich as well. Chicken noodle soup is a nice snack, but it's a very small bowl. It makes a nice complement to the sandwich, but sandwich is first priority here. Top dog.YOU MUST COME HERE.
4	It's hard to believe that I unknowingly ate here roughly three years ago, only to find out it has become an Icon within Planet Hollywood.  I'm not sure of a Sandwich place in Vegas that has more review than Earl... it is just that damn popular.  I came back here with our group for lunch and got a the Earl Club, from what I remember the first time I went it was basically the same.  Not the insanely best sandwich I've ever had but very good compared to any other run of the mill Vegas sammy.  Friend grabbed a Gatorade too before our epic day partying began, which seemed to trickle down to most of the group.  Luckily we snagged a table large enough to fit our group and began the pre-partying right there.  Stayed a good while here, getting to know one another, and swapping those delicious sandwiches around.  One strange thing is that the sandwiches seem to turn out slightly smaller than you might think they'd be... damn pictures!  I remember someone in our group ordering two, haha.  I think this place might be one of the sole reasons to visit Planet Hollywood... other than the shopping?  Still I can't believe how popular this place has become since I last ate here.
4	$5.99 for the sandwich of alcoholic stability...Yeah I said it. Get either a Tuna Melt or Turkey Dinner sandwich to cure that hangover...One of the guys in my group suggested we bring the "ORANGE SAUCE" from LaVics for the sandwiches. So I'll update that when it happens. See you next time.
4	With over 1500 reviews (mostly 5 star), this is no longer a secret.   When you come here, there will certainly be a long line, but it moves fairly quickly.  The reason is simple:  this is a solid lunch or after-club option for cheap eats.   Their sandwiches are about $7, their hot sandwiches are very flavorful, and their meats are great.  Their full montague is their most popular sandwich.  I've also tried their carribean jerk, which has a mild spice to it.  This visit, I tried their seasonal turkey sandwich, which had stuffing and cranberry sauce.  The turkey was moist and it was just a well made sandwich.These are flavor-packed sandwiches and a solid option for cheap eats in the middle of the strip.  If you're looking for other cheap eats on the strip, I'd recommend that you venture to the "Secret Pizza" place in Cosmopolitan, to Chipotle by Harrah's, and to the food court at Excalibur (where you can find Quiznos, McD, Pizza Hut, Krispy Kreme, and Baja Fresh sans markup).  On the other side of town, then you could go to Circus Circus, Tacos El Gordo, or the Fashion Show Mall for budget eats.  (Downtown is a different story altogether), However....in looking at this list....Earl of Sandwich, Tacos El Gordo, and the Secret Pizza place are clear standouts and you should consider checking them out if you're looking to seek great food options under $10.
5	The Tuna Melt is just a damn good thing!!!  Montague as well...Kinda like In-N-Out...when you have a craving...you can't go anywhere else to satisfy it.
4	Very solid sandwich offerings. $5.99 for an 8" sandwich is probably the best deal you can get for something of this quality and caliber on the Strip. True, there was a long line just to get your order in, but they're like Portos Bakery - huge line, but fast turnover. Not 3 minutes after I placed my order, I got my sandwich.My buddy and I split a Jamaican Jerk and a Thanksgiving Turkey sandwich. The bread is pretty ridiculously good. It's toasted and crispy on the outer layer, while soft and cushy in the middle.. like pillows for my teeth and tongue to enjoy. The Jamaican Jerk had a slight sourness to it with the peppercinnis, but was very flavorful [especially with the bacon]. The Turkey sandwich had stuffing, cranberry sauce, and turkey. I wish this sandwich were piping hot, because that would have propelled this to a perfect sandwich. Alas, it was not piping hot, and alas, it is not a perfect sandwich. But a pretty darned good one still.Make sure you have someone in your party sit down and reserve a table while you go and stand in line to order. We did that and was guaranteed seating.The perk of this place being open 24/7 is quite amazeballs. A quality and substantial offering at all hours of the day can't really be topped. They don't go buckwild crazy and stuff your sandwich to the max, but they certainly aren't shy with how much they give you either. It's a very well packed sandwich that gives you just the right amount of everything for you to enjoy to the max.I will definitely visit Earl of Sandwich every time I visit Vegas. Definitely worth the visit.
5	This place has the most amazing Sandwiches period!There's always a line and it's always packed. The Full Montagu is my favorite. I would stay at planet Hollywood again just for this spot.I even had their breakfast sandwiches and they were extremely good too!!!They really are the best choice of food on the entire casino floor. Don't forget to also try the Caprese sandwich which was very tasty in its own right.If you don't like their sandwiches then believe me you have no taste of food.Side note: Opt out of a salad
5	It is not a good Vegas trip if I don't get to eat here! My favorite is the tuna melt. Sooooo delicious! Sometimes I buy extra to take home back to LA and it still tastes awesome when it's heated up! Yummm.
5	YUM!!The English muffin breading is so PERFECT with these lovely sandwiches.. They are toasty, hot, and soft!!! love this place... :D
5	YUM!  I seeked this place out due to the Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint.  I had a hard time choosing but ended up going with the Full Montagu and a Caprese Salad.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced, especially for being in a resort on the Vegas Strip.  I will return!
4	3 things I love about this place:1) It's cheap enough to grab a delicious sandwich (way better tasting than a Potbelly's sandwich, and it's definitely under the $8 mark for one) 2) open 24/7 (best after a long sit at the poker tables and you need a break and food).3) it will spoil you to not eat at a Subway, Potbelly's or Quiznos. While the sandwiches aren't HUGE like a Jersey's Mikes sub shop, but hey, it's a SANDWICH, not some 24" long mayo-and-bacon loaded heart attack on white.  I would definitely hit this place up if I'm walking along Planet Hollywood casinos or Bally's. The only thing that would prevent me of giving me the fifth star is the limited amount of locations, especially if it's supposed to be a chain or franchised place.. who ISN'T building one of these near by on the east coast?
5	5 stars for being the only reasonably priced food in Vegas. PLUS they are open 24 hours. Hot sandwiches anytime!They are located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel where we were staying for the weekend. This made it the perfect place to get a quick bite to eat whenever we wanted!
2	One word: OVERRATEDI tried.  I really tried to like Earl's but, I just don't see the hype.  After hearing my friends rave about how good the sandwiches here are, I had to see for myself.I've tried The Original, The Full Montague, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and some others (while incredibly inebriated) and all of them, to be honest, tasted really bland or dry (or both) to me. Nothing special.  I'd rather have a sandwich from Subway...First visiting back in early October, I've since visited 5 more times and I still don't get what's so great.  I guess it's probably the fact that Earl's is open 24/7, so after a night of clubbing, drinking, and dancing, you want to get your munchies on; and where else can you go for relatively cheap food (compared to other restaurant joints in Vegas, i.e. expensive casino cafes), other than Denny's at 5 am?  I've recommended Pho Kim Long hundreds of times to my friends, but no one wants to hail a taxi to Chinatown half wasted and/or already feeling the symptoms of a hangover.One thing that's cool though is if you're a PH VIP member, all you have to do is flash your card at the cashier, and you get to cut the ridiculous line Earl's always has.  It's kind of a douche move, but hey, saves us a lot of time to go do extra things, like gamble or catch up on some sleep! :)
3	Not sure what people are raving about. The line was weird and no one even says hello are seems like they are friendly. We had the turkey club and the jerk chicken. Both were ok, but nothing that blew me away.The bread is tasty and warm. If you are super hungry it is a quick sandwich place, thats it.
4	Gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 only because i thought the sandwiches would have more things in it. I ordered the italian sandwich, but also got a chance to try The Full Montague. I enjoyed it, but i felt like they could have put more inside of the sandwich. The wait was kinda long for this place (Only because we went during lunch time), but it was worth it. A bit too much hype for this place, but it is good haha.
5	I'm positive I don't have anything new to add to the conversation, but this was the best, cheapest meal we had on our 4 day trip in Vegas.We arrived right at lunchtime and the line was long but it moved fast and we were able to find seats in the seating area. I will be fantasizing about that Tuna Melt for some time.
5	I love coming here for food. Sandwiches (full montague mm...) are too die for (especially while drinking) and even the salads and fruit parfaits are good! Best of all is that its 24 hours! That bumped it up from 4 to 5 stars! PS: Just to clarify, the sandwiches melt in your mouth...juicy, cheesy, meaty...yum yum yum!
4	The best, cheapest meal on the Strip.  A quick little sandwich place inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.  And open 24 hours!The TOMATO SOUP was pretty bomb, and also had the CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKEN and EARL'S CLUB.The sandwiches are warm and tasty, and come in pretty big portions.  Bring an appetite!
5	I am not a big fan of sandwiches but this place blew my mind!! After I finished eating it I wanted more! This is my new must go place from now on when I go to Vegas. The bread is bomb too, and the pricing is reasonable! My new goal is to try every single sandwich from this place and I know I won't be disappointed. :)Recommendations: Caribbean Jerk Chicken
5	Delish! Open all day all nite, sells sammiches, drinks, chips, and soup. C'mon man, man! You can't complain.Yes there's a long line, but it goes by fast. I mean you're in Vegas. Chances are you're with people who you enjoy being around, so waiting in line won't be bad. Suck it up especially if you want a good sammich!My friends and I had an ingenious idea. 2 of us ordered 2 different sammiches and split with each other so we can get to taste 2! Genius, pure genius Lloyd.I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and my friend ordered the Holiday Turkey Sandwich. The hawaiian had the sweetness from the pineapple with the smokey taste of barbecue, perfectly cooked. It had a pleasant balance. The holiday turkey was just like Thanksgiving in my mouth! Turkey with cranberry sauce and stuffing! DANG i'm getting hungry just writing this review! Shoot, I think I just sold myself againWhen in vegas...try the EARL of SANDWICH!
5	Oh my gosh this was one of the best parts of Vegas. This has got to be one of the best sandwiches I have ever tasted. Not only are they open 24 hours a day but they are sooooooo good and at such a reasonable price! $5.99 for most of the sandwiches. I tried the Full Montague and once i took that first bite I instantly fell in love. The bread is so good and crispy on the outside but super soft on the inside. The sauce they used was unbelievable and the 2 meats and 2 cheese and tomato and lettuce fit perfectly all together. This place was so good that my 2 guy friends that came with me had to get in line again for seconds w/in 10 minutes. The only downside is that there is a bit of a line to order but the sandwiches are made right away when you sit down. Seating is also a bit hard to look for but if you just stand around and look at people who are almost finishing you shouldn't have a problem. MUST TRY PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!
5	BOMB. GREAT PRICES GREAT HOT SANDWICHES. always try the holiday sandwiches. Last one I tried was the Thanksgiving sandwich; their was stuffing, turkey, cranberry, mayo, mustard. IT WAS LOVELY. GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK. and its on the strip!
4	I was in town to run the half-marathon, and heard about this place. Unfortunately it is in a mall, that is also unfortunately in a planet hollywood, which is also unfortunately in Las Vegas.  I assume this is a chain? I hope to encounter it elsewhere (I really don't like Las Vegas, if you couldn't tell). The line moves surprisingly fast, so don't feel threatened when you first encounter it. Sandwiches are great.Confused as to why places like Subway still thrive?
5	I heard of this place from a friend. Their sandwiches are delicious! Well I've only tried one so I can't speak for all the other sandwiches out there. I have to say the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich is super good though! The bread was crispy, the chicken was tender, and the peppers gave it some heat. Absolutely delicious! It was decently priced too! Only $6 for a sandwich which is pretty cheap for anything in Vegas. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	If you want yummy and amazing hot sandwiches for a cheap price in Las Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is the place to be! I have been going to this joint every time I visit Las Vegas because the sandwiches here are one of the best I ever had! The last time we went to Earl of Sandwich, I had the Holiday Turkey Sandwich. That sandwich in itself got me full for only $6 and I was happily satisfied because it has so much flavor and everything you can look for in a Holiday Turkey Sandwich - oven-roasted turkey slices, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayonnaise. I love how my hungry appetite disappeared right away because of this sandwich and my other favorite, the Original 1762.It's a very good thing they are open 24 hours, 7 days a week because in times where the hardcore munchies begin right after a night of club hopping, drinking, and dancing, I know that Earl of Sandwich will not disappoint.
4	I would say this place is overhyped, but no joke, everything that we ordered here was just as delicious as everyone said it was! I tried their vegetarian sandwich, along with their broccoli cheese soup, grabbed their brownie bites and all was fantastic! I actually tried the Tomato soup and it was to me wayyy better than the broccoli cheese. The tomato soup came with bits bread inside and it made it all the more tastier!
3	Still can't understand what's so great about this place.Granted, this is one of the cheaper places to eat in Vegas. But nothing WOWED me...maybe except for the golden wrapper. So I ordered the Full Montague. I'm not a fan of toasted bread for my sandwiches, but I can see it as a nice touch for some people that do like it. The ingredients were nice and fresh, but I felt like my sandwich was so flat and unfulfilled. I was just hungry and wanted something to hit the spot! It filled me up, but in no way did it hit my spot. =(The good thing is that the long line went pretty quick. After I ordered, my sandwich was done in like 5 minutes! Oh yeah, they give you a buzzer to let you know your order is ready, which is cool!Anyway, I would take Subway or Panera any day. That's the truth!
4	Las Vegas is known for their Buffets... we usually have buffet during Lunch only. At dinner, we usually opt for lighter meals. So we just wanted to have sandwich.We where excited to try this place because it was highly recommended by my closest friend and the Yelp reviews are great.I was NOT disappointed. I love the BREAD they use for their hot sandwiches! First , we tried  the classic" Original 1762" which is roast beef sandwich and the "Canon Balls" which is  meat balls. Both are  Perfect!I had the chicken soup , it was a very cold night... you can pass on the soup. It's bland.Next day, we tried the Montague , which is good , had roast beef & turkey and the Hawaiian sandwich ...I did not care for.We will be back when we go back to Vegas.... I will definitely order the Orginal 1762.
4	Super  yummy sandwich for cheap!  Salads are not as good...stick to what they are famous for!
2	Very disappointed in this place. I am a sandwich lover. The bread they use is fantastic, but they hardly put any fillings inside the sandwiches, and the fillings are not high quality. The photos of the sandwiches here on Yelp, and on the posterboards in the store, are totally misleading. On our 3 sandwiches, you couldn't even see the filling unless you opened them up. They are beyond skimpy on the meat and cheese. I was also disappointed that they didn't offer a pastrami sandwich, I found the rest of the selection very limited too. The prices are cheap, but the sandwiches are tiny, and are 90% all bread. Please, charge me more money, and give me better quality meat and cheese, and put a little more on the sandwich, so it is more than just a bread sandwich. Their holiday turkey and stuffing sandwich was inedible it was so bad. It had a funny taste to it, the stuffing was bad, and there was only one small clump of the cranberry on one spot on my sandwich. Try some fresh carved turkey, and not some pedestrian lunchmeat turkey. The two good things about this place are the bread, and they do make your sandwich quickly, but that is partly because they don't waste time putting much inside the sandwich itself. I had way better sandwiches at 2 other places in Vegas. I find it very interesting that people can be fooled into thinking a sandwich is a good, based on the bread alone. If you like good bread and tiny portions of tasteless meat and cheese, then this is the place. I make a better sandwich with my panini maker at home. I will only go back when I am in the mood for toast. The high ratings on this place, must be the result of some kind of mass hysteria, or people who were weaned on Subway sandwiches.
3	Food good !!! Place was so dirty filthy. I could believe it like that's.
3	I thought this place was very average. I don't know what all the hype is about.  I tried the original which is roast beef as well as the turkey club. Both were good but nothing spectacular.
5	This place is SO FREAKING GOOD my friends and I had to stay eat here twice during our stay over the weekend!!Every sandwich is $6 which is amazing since it's Vegas, baby!  There is always line but don't let that deter you from trying this out!  It takes 10 minutes maybe even less to stand in line, order and get your food.My new goal in life is to try every sandwich here and I definitely see more vegas trips in my future.  So far I can cross off the Caprese, Original 1762 and the Holiday Turkey.  The Caprese consists of mozzarella, tomatoes, basil and drizzled with basalmic vinaigrette!  It was exactly like a Caprese salad in sandwich form.  The Original 1762 has slices of roast beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce.  The horseradish sauce is perfect and really makes the sandwich.  Now last but certainly not least is the Holiday Turkey!  After one bite, I just wanted to make out with that sandwich.  It was a unique thanksgiving sandwich for me because I had never come across one with stuffing before.  And boy did it make a difference.  The stuffing was soaked in gravy and kept the sandwich very moist!  And the turkey, cranberry sauce and seasoned mayo was good as well. But sadly the Holiday Turkey is seasonal and will be offered until January 8th. It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse for you not being able to try it!  I have so much love for the buns of the earl of sandwich!
5	I always come here when I'm in vegas. I'd step over Wynn buffet, Cosmo, or Rio just to come here and get a good, solid sandwich.They're open 24 hours too! Drunk and feeling hungry at 4am with your fellow buddies? Swing by Planet Hollywood! Feast your eyes and chow down on some delicious good old sandwiches from Earl. Some girl left without giving you her number? Chow down at Earl. Some dude step on the only pair of dress shoes you had to buy at the last minute just to get into Marquee? Eat your pain away.House take all your cash? Eat that depression away. Soup, don't forget their freakin awesome tomato soup. The tuna melt is my favorite. The full monague second. It's got crack in it.
5	Ate here way too many times during my last Vegas trip. But they have great hours, fast service and their sanwiches are pretty darn awesome. Go with the Club! That was my favorite. 2nd choice to the Italian, also very good!
5	Even though theres usually a wait, this place is fast, convenient, and SOOO good! 24 hour sandwich place right near Planet Hollywood. I LOVE THIS PLACE. both sober & drunk hahaI've had the Earl's Club, Full Montagu, and the Tuna Melt(with lettuce!!) and LOVE THEM ALL.You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches here, especially since they're only $7 and you get full off one.
5	I don't usually like sandwiches, but this place is legit! Perfect meal in Vegas... cheap, open late night, and YUMMY! Loved the Caprese and All-American.
4	BOMB SANDWICHES. Another pro is the efficiency of ordering, grabbing what you want, then paying--similar to a cafeteria but upgraded because the sandwiches are just so damn good. The actual content of the sandwiches is nothing innovating, but the bread is really delicious. The perfect combination of crispy and bready-ness without being overpowering over the entire sandwich as a whole. Really filling especially for the price. I've tried the original and the All American and both were delicous. I've also tried their desserts and definitely think it's worth the extra $2 if you have a sweet tooth post-sandwich. Overall, I give Earl of Sandwiches a 4 for being delicious and also inexpensive. The only downside is it is located on the Strip within Planet Hollywood and that can be annoying to get to if you're a local (which I am). Still delicious though :).
3	I tried to like Earl's a lot. I like the concept of a hot sandwich with quality ingredients. The first time I tried Caribbean Jerk Chicken which was tasty, then I tried the Italian which was not too impressive. The chicken noodle soup was wayy too salty. I guess the great thing is that it's affordable, open 24 hours, and a great gathering spot for people after the clubs are closed. Maybe I'll try the original for next time.
4	Their sandwiches are so good!It's so convenient that they're opened 24 hours. We came here after midnight and there was still a quite a long line and a lot of the tables were taken.The bread they use is nice and crispy.My recommendation:- The Original: I usually don't like horseradish, but surprisingly I really enjoyed it in this sandwich. Yum.I will definitely return and update my review with more recommendations once I try more of their sandwiches!
4	For the price ($5.99) this was a great sandwich.  The line was long but it moved pretty fast. I split the full montagu and Caribbean jerk chicken with my friend. The montagu was a solid sandwich but it was something I can put together. The one thing that I don't have is the mustard. Earl's mustard was sweet and tangy and delicious. If I based my review just on the montagu I would give it a three star but since I had the jerk chicken I'm giving this place a four star. The jerk chicken was really good. I love food with bold flavors. Loved the spiciness from jerk sauce and the peppers. Would love to go back to try more.
4	I was so excited to find this Earl...the only ones I had been to were in Florida, now every trip to Vegas involves a stop here. The sandwiches are sooooo good!
5	I won't repeat what all the other reviews have already said. But I will emphasize their Tuna Melt. Best tuna melt I've ever had.Line can get long around 2 a.m. But it goes by quick.
5	Earls, y u so delicious?Overrated? lil bits $8 for a delicious sandwich on the STRIP? YESGood for post-clubbing munchies and is $8? YESOpen 24 hours and still $8 YESWould I continue paying around $8 for a bomb sandwich? YESShould I order the Hawaiian sandwich for $8 the next time I go? YESI came here four times in the last week and a half. I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich four times. YES
5	Oh Earl of Sandwich... where would we eat without you.  When you are on a Vegas trip with a group of students in their mid-twenties, you will end up at Earl of Sandwich somehow, somewhere.  Located right in the middle of the Miracle Mile shops, this speedy sandwich shop is the cheapest and yummiest meal you will find on the strip.  There are a ton of different sandwiches, salads, soups, and wraps that could fill anyone.  The Full Montague is always a hit with the roast beef and turkey all in one sammie.  I think I have tried over half of the sandwiches on the menu and I haven't been unhappy with any of them.  On a recent visit this past weekend I tried their Holiday Turkey sandwich.  It was delicious.  It had turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and gravy!  It was like Thanksgiving in a sandwich.  So SCRUMMY... I think what makes these sandwiches so good is the toasted bread.  The bread is super good.  Fluffy and crispy at the same time.I have had multiple friends eat this about 4 times in one weekend.  No joke.  At $6.48 ($5.99 plus tax) per sandwich, this place is a great deal.  Your belly and wallets will be satisfied.  You can go and waste the rest of your money on roulette.
2	Completely over-rated. Have you been to Quiznos? That will give you an idea of what's going on here.Am I crazy here?  Most of my Yelp buddies have given this palce great reviews but I whole-heartedly disagree.Had the Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu.  I had to double check the sticker on the wrapper to make sure I didn't get some sort of Italian chicken sandwich. There was no jerk flavor whatsoever. Tasted more like the chicken was drizzled in Italian dressing.  The Montague was better but nothing to rave about.I must admit the operation is smooth and the fact that it's open all the time in Vegas is a definite plus.  I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place.
5	My favorite sandwich place in Vegas.  If you are near Planet Hollywood, I'd recommend getting a sandwich here.  I tried the full montagu which comes with roast beef and turkey and the bread was also really good.  I also really liked the carribean jerk chicken sandwich which was pretty spicy too.  Lines can get pretty long but it moves fast and for a quick bite, this place is awesome and open 24 hours.
4	Excellent sandwich place especially for the price! Everything in Vegas is so so so expensive, but this place is perfect for a quick lunch. Although the line may seem long, Earl of Sandwich works quickly. The Full Montagu is a solid sandwich. Crispy and warm bread, melted cheese, delicious tasting beef and turkey, great way to start out the day.
4	Why do I always end up here every time I am in Vegas... I guess it must be that good for all my friends to want to eat here. This place has tons of sandwich selections and even though it can get busy, you still get your food very quickly. I always get their Caribbean Jerk sandwich. Soo yummy! Definitely will be back I'm sure of it.
5	Always a long line but what do you expect for a great sandwich for only $6? I usually go here during Thanksgiving for their limited edition Thanksgiving sandwich which includes, turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce, basically a heart attack. I was actually here during Thanksgiving with the family a couple weeks ago but wasn't able to make my way here so I managed to make another trip right before Christmas and to my surprise, the Thanksgiving Earl of Sandwich was still available, ordered 2, one for now and one for the road. Great place for an anytime sandwich because they're open 24 hours. I've only tried probably 2 or 3 of their sandwiches and all were amazing, if you're looking to avoid the glutton fest at the AYCE's, stop by here at the Miracle Mile Shops.
4	The hype this place gets is a little excessive but it pretty much lives up to it. While I wasn't fully blown away by the two sandwiches I tried (I ordered The Original and my gf got the Full Montague), they were still great sandwiches. I blame it on the fact that I  was eating them stone cold sober and not at 3am after a night of sweaty gyrating and fist pumping on the dance floor. Price-wise this is as good as it gets on The Strip. It was about $6 for a 6 in. sandwich - very worth it. Also, open 24 hrs so come one come all at all hours of the day or night. Menu is fairly extensive with soups, salads, and desserts as well so you have a great many option to choose from in your drunken stupor. Definitely make a stop here on your next trip :-)
5	Best TUNA MELT ever. Lots of good tuna with melted cheese on toasted special bread. It's so good that I can eat it everyday haha. No lie. It's so good that you can have it for every meal. Yes. Go to earls and get this. Earls is open about 24 hours a day I think. If you don't like Tuna, everything else is probably good too like the Club sandwich. The soups are good too with the meal if you want variety. Chicken Noodle is always good after drinking or whatever. The broccoli and cheese is good. The tomato soup is super delicious with the Tuna melt!!!!!! I'm drooling just writing about. Check it out if you have those late night munchies yesss.
3	My bf heard that this place has the best sandwich in Vegas..well we split a BLT for a late lunch since we had buffet waiting around 7pm....It is nonetheless a good sandwich indeed...but what is the best sandwich I wouldn't know cause the day before I had a pretty damn good pastrami sandwich at Canter's Deli in Treasure Island. Usually a sandwich place can't really mess up on a sandwich so I feel like  I could only give it three stars...I can't say much about the service since you just order and pick it up.Kinda on the pricey side but then again it is Vegas..so everything is pretty much overpriced anyways. Would I eat that this place again? Sure..why not? =)
3	Earl's is the homie. Here in vegas, Earl of Sandwich is another place that people talk about non-stop and bombard my facebook news feed with their pictures. I always thought it looked good and wanted to try it. So when you're broke from too much gambling and don't have the money to eat at the buffets, Earl's is my suggestion for you! Kind of expensive for a sandwich, but also pretty filling and might I add, delicious! I had the full montague and the italian and I like both. I even saved half for a little midnight snack and even after a couple of hours it was still SO GOOD. Definitely check this place out but prepare to stand in line for at least a good 20 mins before getting to order, and have someone save some seats for you!
3	Earl of Sandwich. You were underrated to my taste.Don't know what all the rave & hype is about. Their food tastes the same as Subway's, if not worse. Y'all must be all intoxicated while eating this shit cuz this place tastes OK when you're sober.I must admit the bean soup was really good though I was hella drunk while eating it. It was the only "good" taste that stood out. The line is definitely not worth the wait HAHA.Props to them for opening 24 hrs. That's probably how they make so much money...charging drunktards (like me that night) for multiple sandwiches. I came back to the hotel with two bags of 2 sandwiches & 2 soups. Wtf.It's good munchies food but for lunch? Nahhh I'd rather go to In n Out or Chinatown.
4	// LOCATION // Inside Planet Hollywood on the main casino. Open 24 Hours a day = the best drunk food money can buy after stumbling out of a club.// HOW TO //     -Figure out what type of sandwich you want     -Order at the first counter and hold on to your receipt and buzzer     -Grab goodies in line: beverages, side salads, and sweets     -Pay at the other end for your sandwich (thus hang on to your receipt!) and all the goodies you got     -Find a seat and when your buzzer goes off, go claim your sandwich in all of its gold foil glory.// FOOD // I'm a carb monster, and the freshly baked and toasted bread is really what makes these sandwiches so special.      + Full Montague: The ultimate sandwich with roast beef, turkey, cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes. It is a savory, well-rounded, and tasty sandwich, albiet, slightly on the salty side.      + Caprese: For non-carnivores. Thick slices of soft mozzarella with a generous drizzle of balsamic and freshly cut basil. It is refreshing and delish.
5	Nice to find this place for cheap eats when you don't want McDonalds or the equivalent... this is good food for a reasonable price.  Order at one register then take your receipt to the other side to pay.  Muffins and other baked goods are pretty good too.
3	Definitely a good option if you're staying in Planet Hollywood:- Free wifi- Reasonable prices (tough to find on the strip).- Delicious breakfast sandwiches- Sandwiches that are big enough to fill your tummy.If you're in a hurry to get to the casino and do some gambling and want sometihng quick give this place a shot.
5	Great sandwiches. Toasty, tasty, oowie gooie goodness.
4	Definitely the best roasted beef sandwiches I have ever had. This place is super crowded. I stayed in planet hollywood during my Xmas weekend. Whenever I passed by it had a long line. So have someone grab the table while u are getting in line. Expect to wait at least 15 mins to order or get the food.
5	Earl of Sandwich is a must stop spot when visiting Vegas. The sandwiches are freaking delicious. Served on two pieces of warmly toasted foccacia bread, they are to die for. I have tried over 5 different types of sandwiches at Earl's and they are all delicious. The best part is that they are all 5.99, which is great when everything else is Vegas is disgustingly overpriced. Another plus about Earl's is that they are open 24 hours, which means when you are done drinking and gambling for the night, you will definitely be able to enjoy these delicious sandwiches. Not to mention it is one of the best hangover cures. The line sometimes gets pretty long, but their service is very fast and there is no way you will be waiting too long for a sandwich. I would definitely recommend checking out Earl's when you are in Vegas for a delicious cheap eat!
5	Earl of Sandwich, I love you (& I'm not one to say those three precious words loosely, either). Tuna Melt & Earl Club = love at first bite.
4	Late flight + 4.5 star rating place to eat at our hotel = perfect place to grab a late bite!My friends and I went to Earl of Sandwich around midnight and man was there a line! Gave us indecisives some time to decide what we wanted to get and I ended up going with "Cannonballs!" The exclamation point really called out to me! After about 10 minutes, our sandwiches were ready and man, after one bite, could I  understand where that exclamation point came from! The meatballs were delicious and they were sliced in half so twas easy to eat. Their marinara sauce perfectly complemented the meatballs and the bread was nice and toasty. Definitely come by here if you've got the munchies whether while gambling or after a long night out. There's bound to be something that'll catch your eye!
5	This is as good as sandwiches can get! It's definitely a steal for good food at vegas if you don't want to splurge on $$$ restaurants. Any of their hot sandwiches are good. I tried a few, including Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Montagu, and Cannonballs, all of which are reallly good!! Definitely eat them when they are hot. Also, open 24 hrs so you can come here any time. The only thing is it's hidden at the back of the casino, but it is a hidden gem.
5	Simply the best sandwich I've ever had hands down. I've been hitting up Earl every time I go to Vegas. It's affordable and delicious and I make it a point to eat here at least twice per Vegas visit. I LOVE YOU EARL OF SANDWICH!
4	One of the best sandwich shops out there. Completely blows Subway and Quiznos out of the water in terms of the taste, quality, and freshness of the protein and veggies in addition to sandwich flavors. Additionally the bread is near artisinal, a sort of ciabatta-white bread fusion where the crust is crisp and the crumb pleasantly pliable. At $6 a sandwich, although they're around six inches, each sandwich is much heartier than the typical 6-inch at subway or quiznos. Around two sandwiches is perfect for a meal, albeit one will suffice for some. Even though the price comes out relatively pricey per meal, this sandwich joint is certainly worth a try, especially since it is open 24-hours. Gladly ate here with friends for breakfast, lunch, as well as dinner as an alternative to the buffets in vegas, I would prefer six of these sandwiches over the $35/person buffet at the Wicked Spoon or other Vegas buffets. The Holiday Turkey Sandwich is a must-have along with The Original and Full Montagu. If only Earl expanded to CA.
4	Tasty sandwiches - Caribbean jerk chicken and Hawaiian were pretty good
3	4.5 stars? you're joking right? I'm not a hater, it was good but its nothing amazing. For the price I would give it 4.5stars because its like $7 but its nothing special....well it is compared to subway haha.I had the tuna melt, it was good. They unfortunately only have pepsi products so if you are a coke line fan like me prepare to be disappointed.
5	Food:*****service: *****price: *****O-M-G sandwichesssss!!! If you don't want to cough up 300+ on food then this is your spot! Good food, great prices, and open 24/7!!!!This is a must go to every time I visit Vegas... and from the looks of it, it is also everyone else's.
5	There is a reason why this place always has a long ass line.And that, my friends, is all I have to say.
5	Best deal on the strip. Delicious sandwiches for $6. Hot, fresh, cheap, and fairly quick service. I've tried the 1762, the Full Montagu, and Cannonballs. They are all pretty good but the Full Montagu is definitely the best. The only downside is that the sandwiches are a bit small, but its open 24 hours and its definitely a great snack at an odd hour of the night. And you have the delightful ambiance of the Planet Hollywood on top of all that.
4	I hear there's always a long line here - thank goodness when we went there wasn't!Affordable: Sandwiches are $5.99Open: 24/7Service: very streamlined so it keeps everything going..FRESH FRESH FRESH!  Sandwiches are made to order = Awesome!tried the Hawaiian BBQ (w/grilled chicken), the Earls Club (BLT Turkey and cheese) sandwiches.. (both $5.99/each).   The Hawaiian BBQ was good, but it had a lot of sauce and not enough chicken.  I don't eat red meat though so my options were limited.  I do love The bread is the same for all sandwiches, and I'd say it's the best part!Funny that there's 'entertainment tax' on your receipt.. its about 10% of your order!  Wow, talk about self-tipping!I wouldn't wait in a long line though - unless you're a starving college student partying on a budget  ;)
5	omg!! where have you been all my life!the sandwiches here are delicious!!seriously wish they had one in orange county! bummer!a must try:-MONTAGU-CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKENlong lines but are quick! so no problem!
5	Their website says "The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" which is true!  Although I haven't tried sandwiches in other parts of the world yet haha.  It was pretty good!  Yelpers were right on with this place!I ordered The Earl's Club (roasted turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and their sauce) and it was perfection!  Bread was crunchy and warm and everything in it was good!  The bf ordered Caribbean Jerk Chicken (grilled chicken, roasted red and banana peppers, and spicy jerk sauce) and he enjoyed it too!  I took a bite out of it and it really was good!  I'm sure the other sandwiches are good too!  I just wish they served fries with it hahaha.  I'd definitely come back here though!  There was definitely a line which proves how good it is so be ready to wait a little bit.
3	Sandwiches are good. Prices are good (for Vegas). Open 24 hours a plus. However, I don't know how much out of the way I would go just to eat here, esp if there was a long line. Definitely better than Subways or Quiznos. It's good, but not NOM-ilicious great. I have to say I liked their bread a lot though.
4	This place is pretty good.  Convenient and great hours.  Although I greatly prefer rice over a sandwich 95% of the time, this place was pretty good.  Nice location at the edge of the PH Casino and shops.  The food came out very fast and fresh.  Great place for a quick bite with reasonable prices.
3	Decent sandwiches. I had a Hawaiian BBQ and a Full Montagu, and part of a Club. After a couple of times here, however, I'm not entirely sure why people bow down to this place. As I said, it is decent. Sure, it's obviously better than your run of the mill Subway, but Ike's (in the Bay Area) is vastly better.
3	The only nice thing about Vegas is the fact that it seems cranberry sauce is so readily available. I'm pretty sure I ate thanksgiving like meals the whole time I was there, and Earl of Sandwich was no exception. The sandwich I had was GREAT though! I dont remember the name, but it had Turkey and maybe bacon and cranberry sauce and ranch on it. Sounds like an odd combo-but it was wonderful.Had a cookie for desert but it wasn't anything special.
5	Lunch for breakfast? Hot sandwiches for a late-night snack? Either way, this wicked place is open 24 HOURS! A must-stop place when you're in Vegas, Earl of Sandwiches always hits the spot for the out-of-towner, the Vegas clubber, the in-between buffet meals hungerer, the easy to-go meal poolside eater---everything you can think of. Their hot signature sandwiches are the heart of the menu. As every parent claims they "don't have a favorite child," that is how I feel about Earl of Sandwich! I swear their hot sandwiches are equally delicious. I've tried the Earl's Club, The Original 1762, The Full Montagu and the Caprese Sandwich and love them all. With every bite, the bread is warm, crunchy but soft, cheese is perfectly melted, perfect balance of meat/cheese/veggies. (If I HAD to choose, I like the Earl's Club tad bit more) It's really all about their fresh ingredients and TLC they put in their sandwiches. All their hot sandwiches are made to order from scratch using high quality fresh ingredients and served on their own artisan baked loaf and topped with unique sauces and spreads. Their Angus beef is slow roasted in-house and freshly carved.Everyone I bring here become instant fans of this place.  One time on a weekend trip to Vegas, I came here 4 times. Yup, it's just THAT good.
5	Always a lineup and for good reason. They are as they advertise: world's best hot sandwiches. Seriously nothing like it. They bring sandwich to a whole new level. And considering the prices of most food in Vegas, this is the best way to get a good meal for 2 for under $20.This joint is always busy, but the assembly line moves reasonably fast and worth the wait! If you've never had an Earl of Sandwich EVER.... you've been missing out! My boyfriend had never tried it before, and even he agrees it's the best sandwich he's ever tasted. Now if only this existed in Canada... I would be a regular, and extremely obese.My absolute favourite: Full Montagu - everything good jam packed into a sandwich. All the sandwiches are just as good though, including The Original 1762 and The Earl's Club. Like that there's also a variety of options for salads and snacks, though it's the sandwich that sets it apart.
4	Melt in your mouth warm sandwiches. The service is fast and efficient. If you're at vegas and had a tired night on the club trek, wake up and go to Earl of Sandwich. They don't disappoint. It's almost orgasmic.I recommend the Earl club and a bag of chips! Simple and tasty!
4	Went back twice. In three days.Open 24 hours so never a bad time to grab a bite.There is usually a pretty long line during meal times but it moves fast and is well worth the wait.  Bread is amazing.  Toasty and crunchy on the outside while remaining soft and moist on the inside. Drool.The Original 1762:Earl's take on a classic roast beef sandwich.  Pretty good but be prepared for the slight horseradish kick.The Full Montagu:Deli sandwich with roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar.  Delicious, my current favorite.
5	We stopped here on a whim and we were very pleasantly surprised.  Having ordered the original (roastbeef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce) my wife and I found that the sandwich was perfectly balanced.  That being said if you are accustomed to overeating, and lets face it most Americans are, you might find yourself hungry again a little sooner than expected.
5	BOMB DOT COM!a $6 amazing sandwich at any hour of the day in Vegas? YES PLEASE! You can't beat the price nor the taste. They are so yummy! my favorite is the Earl's Clubenjoy :)
5	Amongst the ridiculous prices of restaurants in Vegas, this place is truly a gem. As a poor college student cramming a bajillion people in one hotel room trying to save money during a Vegas trip, this place is ppperrrrfect!Sandwiches are roughly $6 each here and they have a ridiculous diverse menu. They have two vegetarian options: Caprese & Veggie sandwich. I had both and ended up liking the Caprese more. It was my first time eating Caprese but boy was it AMAZING. Everything was made to perfection from the balsamic vinegar to the bread.And let me point out that this is probably one of the best aspects about this place: the bread. It's crunch and soft and fresh all at once, no complaint heres!The line is kind of long to order but moves really fast. Because this place is so cheap, it's continuously crowded with 20 something year old kids like me trying to find a decent meal for cheap in Vegas. They also have a plethora of baked goods, fruits, yogurt cups, frozen lemonade, you name it!Definitely definitely come here if you're in town. It won't disappoint!
5	All my friends come here when they visit Sin City, so when me and the girlfriends had the opportunity to try it I was all for it. Their sandwiches are so good! We split the club, holiday turkey, and meatball. They were all really goodThe bread is amazing and the the makings of each sandwich are great at just over $6 a sandwich. Perfect for a no fuss quick lunch!
5	Whenever someone asks me where to go or what to do in Vegas, I always tell them "EARL OF SANDWICH!!"  Forget XS and Marquee.  Forget the Wynn buffet.  Earl of Sandwich is the place to be!!No matter where you go in Vegas, there's going to be a wait.  Earl of Sandwich is no exception.  You can come here at any hour in the day and you can expect to see a line.  Good news is, the wait is never more than a couple minutes.  Their service is FAST!  Like the Soup Nazi's restaurant in Seinfeld, you order and move along to the right LOL.Picky eater?  No problem!  Their menu selection is GINORMOUS so there's sure to be a hot sandwich calling out your name!  Indecisive?  Make sure to go with a group of friends so you can sample different sandwiches!  From Caprese to Caribbean Jerk Chicken, these hot sandwiches have never disappointed.  For the holiday season this year, they came out with the Holiday Turkey.  Oven roasted turkey with stuffing and cranberry sauce.  GENIUS!!!!Writing this review is making my mouth water.  My only complaint about this place is... WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET AN EARL OF SANDWICH IN SOCAL?!
3	this place is still.. just ok to me. the salads here are gross. ok, i admit i ordered a chinese chicken salad.. but still! how do you go wrong with that!? I came to realized that the only thing I like here is the Tuna Melt Sandwich. that's it.
5	A New Year and a New Review, so let's make it a great one!Earl of Sandwich, oh why art thou so delicious? Seriously if you're in Las Vegas and just want a snack, you have to try Earl of Sandwich! This was my snack before we hit the Planet Hollywood Buffet. I've tried 4 different sandwiches during my stay at LV. None of them were disappointing. All the sandwiches are warm and melt in your mouth good!During my first time here I didn't know what to do so pointer! First look at the menu, decide what you want, order your sandwich/food at the first cashier area. Then walk down the cafeteria-esk counter and pick other goodies you want. Finally pay at the cash register at the end of the counter and they'll give you a buzzer for when your food is ready.Yay a new review for a new year for a great place! Yum! ^-^
3	I've only been here when friends from outta town insist on stumbling through the Planet Hollywood to handle our post club grub, all of us at various states of public drunkenness looking for a place to wind down the nite.. or real early morning.I don't necessarily understand what the hype is about surrounding these sandwiches. But I'm thinking one of the main reasons its so popular is because of the lack of places to eat on the Strip that don't break the bank. I appreciate the variety of flavors and influences on top of the more traditional sandwiches on the menu. Plus I like the idea of healthy options available @ 3am. However! Two nites in a row at around 3 or 4am-ish they were resetting their systems. Why? When you know you're about to get a huge rush of hungry belligerents coming after you? No bueno. From what my hazy memory can recollect, all the sandwiches I've had and taken random bites from have been consistently solid, hot and tasty. Good enough for me. Everything tastes like your eating sweet ambrosia picked from Athena herself when you're toasted/FUBAR anyhow.
4	After all the heavy fancy food in Vegas, you might wanna try something delicious but light.  The price is pretty reasonable. The food quality is pretty high.  I would visit them again when i visit Vegas next time ;)
5	I'm really, really glad I found this place.  The sammiches are among the best I've ever had.  So far, I've tried "The Italian" and "The Original."  Both were great, but "The Italian" was my favorite of the two.  They use quality, fresh ingredients.  And guess what?  You don't have to tell them how to make your sammich!  You only have to tell them what kind of sammich you want.  They do the rest.  When your sammiches are ready, each one is tightly wrapped in a foil wrapper and labeled.  This eliminates the guess work and manhandling of sammiches that can otherwise occur, especially if it's late it in the night (see below).The prices are great, especially for a place located in a strip casino (Planet Hollywood).  The sammiches are less than $6.00, and they don't gouge you on the sides or on the drinks.  The tab for two sammiches, two sides, and two fountain drinks was under $20.00.  They serve beer, too, but the selection is limited.  Don't be put off by the line you will see some of the time.  They have lots of seats, and they move the line fast.  It is a very efficient operation.  I'm pretty sure this place is open 24 hours, which is great after a long night of drinking and whatnot.  If you come here late, you will be joined by lots of other folks grubbing after a night of boozing.  Never before has a sammich tasted so good.  Plus, its fun to watch the other drunks and the goings on in and around the seating area of the restaurant.
4	They got me at freshly baked bread & open 24 hours. ONLY GET THE SANDWICHES and NOT THE WRAPS! Like I said, the bread was good, so stick to a sandwich! We went here twice during our weekend trip. We really liked the ham & swiss sandwich. The meatball sandwich was good. The wrap was not so good. The filling was okay, but the wrap itself was not.
4	Best sandwich place within 300 miles of Los Angeles.. after that Ike's takes over!!
4	Where do I start....this place is awesome. Every time I am in Vegas now I make sure to make at least 1 pit stop at The Earl. You also can't beat the prices at roughly $6-$7 for a quality sandwich. The bread here is what really sets them apart as well as it is always fresh and gets even better when they toast it. This review is for multiple visits and a few of the sandwiches.-Carribean Jerk: Great sando, the banana peppers make this sandwich with the extra kick.- Italian: I love italian sandwiches and this one was good but not one of my favorites, still solid though. Think I prefer an italian sando cold versus hot.- The Original: Can't beat it. Great horseradish sauce , quality roast beef and sharp cheddar. Win- Hawaiian BBQ: Fairly standard Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Tasty but not as good as the original or the jerk.
4	The boyfriend and I were in Vegas this past weekend and this was the first place everyone wanted to go for a fast lunch since we were staying at Planet Hollywood. I'm definitely a fan! I got the tuna sandwich (but wish I got the jerk chicken! Should have read the yelp reviews first, darn it!) The tuna sandwich was super yummy. I bought the boyfriend a Thanksgiving sandwich, with the recommendation of a friend, who said it was "Thanksgiving in your mouth." Unfortunately, the boyfriend didn't like cranberry in his sandwich so he thought this place was just okay. Everyone else love loved it though; one of our friends wanted to eat it for every meal! The service was FAST and the sandwiches are CHEAP, so I would definitely recommend this place. Even if you're sober and in Vegas, this is really tasty! It was pretty crowded, even though we went in the afternoon (after lunch rush). I would recommend this for anyone who's in Vegas looking for a good meal!
5	My, oh my, what can I say about Earl of Sandwich. Not much else can be said about this place because the 1500+ reviews seriously speak for themselves, but this place is amazing and a great value! $5.99 for a sandwich!!! WHAT IS THAT?! I tried the Tuna Melt, Full Montague and Meatball. I really, really enjoyed the Tuna Melt. Simple, yet effective! I also tried the Tomato and Brocolli Cheddar Soup. Both were delicious for only $2.99! Soup and sandwich for $9.71!!I came here all three days I was in Vegas. That's right. 100% attendance for me at Earl of Sandwich. If only I could say the same thing about my class schedule heheh.Anyway, there was always a line when I came, but the line passes by so quickly that you'll be NOMing on your sandwich before you know it. They are so quick to make the orders. I seriously paid for my meal and my buzzer started buzzing as I was putting my card away. :OParking is in the Planet Hollywood structure. From the structure is kind of a long trek to this place, but it's worth it. Just make a left at the information desk as you exit the structure and take the 3rd inlet on the left to reach this magical place.Good from AM to PM. All day errday. All hours of the day. 24 hours, baby!
5	MAN oh MAN oh MAN!This place ALWAYS hits the spot. After every drunken vegas club...THIS is the place to be! Actually, I'd have this place even if i wasn't drunk. The tuna melt is to die for! omg...probably the best tuna melt I have ever have. cheesy, melts in your mouth delicious! haha. NO JOKE. All my friends love this place, and everything we've tried, it was always a winner...so you can't go wrong here. The line may look intimidating, but it moves quickly and you get your order fast too! Can't wait to go back to vegas for this :)
2	I don't understand the hype. I don't understand all the good reviews. I hear that this is the best sandwich in the world. That might be true if you think that Subway makes a semi decent sandwich. I couldn't give it more than 2 stars. I have had many sandwiches in my life. Most better.
4	Ended up here after a night of your typical Vegas shenanigans.  This place ended up being so good, we came here twice!!  The first time I had an Italian, second time a Tuna Melt.  Loved them both.  The line was long, but moved pretty quickly.  Overall, good stuff!
5	The restaurant is located right at the strip entrance to Planet Hollywood which is very convenient.  It's also open 24/7 so it makes a great after-club spot to sober up, which is when I tried it for the first time.  Even at 3am there is still a line, but it moves really fast.  I ordered the Tuna Melt and its hard for most restaurants to make a good tuna melt, but Earls Sandwich made the best TUNA MELT I've ever tasted, hands down!  I was in heaven.  I even went back the next day 100% sober to order it again and it was just as delicious.  My friend ordered the Earls Club and she gave me a couple bites and that was also probably the best club sandwich I ever had. I ordered a Hawaiian BBQ sandwich for my boyfriend and stole a couple bites from it; it was OK and average, and probably had better hawaiian bbq sandwiches elsewhere.$6 for gourmet sandwiches, gotta love it!!  Will definitely come back next time in Vegas.
4	reallllllllllllly good sandwiches!faves are definitely the carribean jerk (bf gets this EVERY SINGLE TIME.)full montagu is good too... so is the club. mmmmthis is the kind of place that makes you want to try EVERYTHING on their menu, because every personal xperience has been a good one.. and every verdict has been too..and for $5.95??? what is not to love?although i have to admit, the full montagu has been inconsistent with me.. the first time, i loved it.. the second time, i loved it.. the third time.. not so much..or maybe i just had it one too many times :xoh! try their soups too, yummy..earl's is DEFINITELY a good place for a quick, more than satisfying bite !
5	So I've been back a few times since my original post. I must say that pretty much all their sandwiches are great. Just pick the flavors/ ingredients that you like most- generally you wont be disappointed. My new favorites include the Jamaican Jerk, the Italian, and of course the original. Happy eating everyone!
4	They make a good sandwich and when you need something late at night this should be your go to place. Open 24 hours, fast service and good food. I had the Holiday special, basically thanksgiving on a bun and it was amazing. I wish we had one of these at home, but for now a Vegas treat.
5	Finally, after all my drunk friends tweeting/FBing pictures of sandwich wrapped in gold (yet never showing me a picture of the actual sandwich), I had arrived to sin city and met my boy earl of sandwich.It was around lunch time and we had just gotten to the strip, so we decided to get some food before we ensued a night we would probably forget. The menu looked amazing and I had no idea what to get. Their special was a holiday one with turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing, so I went with that.The service was decent there, not too friendly but not a buncha douchebags either. i just wanted a sandwich, they just wanted to kill the line, we found a common ground.the price was decent (don't expect too cheap in vegas anyways) and it got out fairly quickly. maybe due to the fact that i was admiring the line of beautiful girls that came a few minutes after us.now as for the food, the sandwich was amazing. the bread was soft and warm, and the sweet cranberry sauce completed the stuffing and finished off with the turkey. i felt bad for not saying much to my friends cause i was too occupied eating my sandwich. i inhaled my food and found an excuse to get back in line and talk to those gir--- i mean, order another sandwich (which was the italian one)great food, i wish they had one back in SJ. i definitely know to say wassup to my boy earl when i get back to Vegas.
5	forget sexual healing mr. marvin gaye, i need some earl healing! #allheteroafter LOOOONG NIGHTS (PLURAL) of binge drinking on the verge of alcohol poisoning (coincidentally, after our long night at BOTH surrender and XS, one of our friends actually woke up in the hospital.. ID, credit card, and cash... LESS #nojoke)all you need is EARLS.thankfully, they maximize efficiency by having the line form against the wall. you order at one spot slide through to the next where you can watch them make those fresh sandwiches and pay at the next register. they hand you a buzzer and you wait, once it goes off it feels like christmas again and you receive two of the best warm sandwiches in the world.1. THE AMERICAN2. THE FULL MONTAGUEall i've ever ordered, all i'll ever order.sanitize hands with the complimentary, wall-mounted dispenser, consume, wash hands, drink.. *REPEAT!similar to recharging the batteries, you are now.. GOOD TO GO! hollaa earl
3	3 breakfasts and a late lunch at EoS as we were too laxy and poor to venture out beyond the strip. Sandwiches are good, but for 3 consective days is a bit much, even if you're trying to save money on breakfast.
5	great place to go when you are drunk or sober and on a budget in Vegas. They have so many different types of sandwiches and this place is always packed with young beautiful people in Vegas. just spend your money on alcohol, clubbing, and shows, and eat here and at other cheap places, you can satisfy ur stomach as well as not burn a hole in your wallet. Plus the food is awesome.
4	(+)- Full Montagu- cheap(~)- Earls ClubCame here on a Friday around 11:30am-12pm, only one person in line in front of us. Thank god we beat the lunch rush case when we finished eating the line was looong.I got the Earls Club and my friend got the Full Montague. The Earls club was just your typical sandwich, the ingredients inside didnt blow my mind and I'd probably choose Togo's turkey avocado sandwich over this one. The Full Montague was better, it was meatier and had a more flavorful sauce. I felt the warm and yummy bread for the sandwiches was more standout than the contents. My total came out to be around 6.50.Though I've had better sandwiches in the past, this one is a great option for a cheap place to eat on the strip (located inside planet hollywood).
5	AWESOME SANDWICHES!!! We ordered three sandwiches for three people. The Carribean Jerk, Tuna melt, and Roast Beef. All were delicious but my favorite was the tuna melt. I couldn't get enough. Once i finished my half of the roast beef. We all traded to get a different taste.  The tuna melt was nice and hot. That familiar tuna taste was delicious. It didn't even taste heavy like so it was just perfect. I think it is the bread that makes the sandwich. It just so tasty and just enough crunch (not so hard that it scratches the roof of my mouth). All together with the tuna and cheese is amazing. Mouth drooling right now. So good. The Carribean Jerk chicken was delicious as well. Chicken was plenty, moist, and not tough to eat. The peppers: red and yellow made the sandwich giving that jerk taste. Fantastic. The roast beef was alright. I wasn't such a fan of it. It was alright. I think it needed more flavor or something. It didn't leave an impression on me compared to the tuna melt and the carribean jerk. I love that Earl of Sandwich is affordable and ummm open 24 hours. I wish we could have stopped by before we left. Sad, we didn't But it is ok. Next time. Maybe it'll be a late night sandwich every night we are there. I'm so looking foreword to it. -This is a must GO!!*Drool*
5	Almost 2000 reviews with a 4 1/2 star rating.......I thought hmmmmHonestly, how good can a sandwich get???? IT is that good!!!! No words can explain its simplicity. Try the Earl's Club, bacon plus turkey and that mystery sauce equals heaven in your mouth..... or if you want a spicy kick to it get the Caribbean Jerk. Perfect for broke college students, and it is a total bargain on the strip!For 6 dollars and fifty cents why go to Burger King or McDonalds and get a soggy burger with a fries and a drink, when you can go to Earl's of Sandwich and get a bite of heaven . And to top it all off they are open 24/7, I'd come here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This place is MUST, when it comes to places to try in Vegas!
4	Wasn't drunk and still thought that the sandwiches were awesome.  Great bread!
3	Bah, overrated. It's good, but what's the hype about? I can think of many places where I've had a better sandwich.Vegas, you can do better!
4	Love this place! Where else can you get great quality sandwiches IN VEGAS for about 6 bucks! The bun is toasted to perfection and the size is just right.I personally LOVE the original (roast beef and cheese) but I have to admit the "holiday special w/ turkey stuffing" (I think it's called) wasn't good at all.
5	There's no hype, this place is epic. They are open every hour of the day, no matter how hungry or drunk you are, YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG eating here.I love The Full Montagu because of their amazing roast beef. It's tender, ultra moist, and just tasted like it was meant to exist in a perfect universe. The Earl's Club was good, but I felt like the saltiness of the bacon was a little off with their "Sandwich Sauce" (which looked like thousand island salad dressing).The Original 1762 is a jackpot sandwich of their stellar roast beef, cheese, and creamy horseradish sauce: A rich gooey orgasm.Tuna Melt: Let's be honest, fat = flavor, and this sandwich is a saucy mayonnaise tuna-bomb.Hawaiian BBQ is great for those who love things like Hawaiian pizza, but in sandwich form. The science behind the sweetness of the pineapple and the saltiness of the ham has never failed anyone.The Caprese is something I personally hold dear to my heart, that combination of ingredients is what I'm all about. Sadly, I can't recall any presence of the tomato. Considering this cost the same as all the other sandwiches and has zero meat, I'd think twice about ordering it again.Lastly, but definitely not least, the Best BLT sandwich is without any debate THE BEST BLT SANDWICH I HAVE EVER EATEN. My cousin Bryan V. has spoken of it fondly, but now I know what he's talking about. It's just a savory kingdom of bacon cooled by tomatoes and brought to life by the richness of the mayonnaise. I wish I bought several of these to go.All sandwiches are $6 before tax. Go here. Now. Hurry.
5	I would gladly walk the entire strip in 4-inch heels just to get my hands on one of these sandwiches. Gladly. Though I have also considered staying at Planet Hollywood solely for the purpose of having easy access to Earl's. Anyway, now I realize that no Vegas trip is complete without a stop here.Each sandwich is made to toasted perfection right in front of your eyes! They also boast their own unique sticker and maybe one day, just maybe, I could collect them all.Ughhh, wish there was an Earl's closer to my location.
4	3.5 starsI ordered the Full Montagu. The first half of the sandwich was good.  But after eating half of it, I got pretty sick of it and it felt really heavy. I ended up just throwing away the second half of the sandwich. It's good, but not THAT good. Lines were pretty long, but moved quickly so the wait wasn't too bad.
4	I first tried Earl back earlier in the year on my friend's bachelor party. After a long night of "bachelor party-ing it" around the strip, we hit Earl for some late night food. Let me tell you...what a gem. With that group, we made it our go-to place for inexpensive food (sandwiches are $7-ish) on the strip, stopping in 3-4 times. I had several of the sandwiches, and all were as good or better than most other sandwich shops out there. On my last trip to the strip, we stopped in again, and made fun of ourselves for it. It's always busy, no matter what time you go, literally. I guess that says something, with quality and price in Vegas. Check it out, whether looking for an inexpensive meal or for that late night visit after an all-night bar/hotel hopping extravaganza-in-need-of-something-edible-and-cheap-before-you-crash-out.
4	another solid spot to hit while in vegas.  great sandwiches for cheap.  massive lines form for this place in waves so stop in frequently.the original roast beef with horseradish mayo is bomb.  The jerk chicken is great.  Shockingly, i also enjoyed the vegetarian sandwich.oh yeah.  be like me and do some damage on that bottle of dijon mustard at your table.  lol.
4	A great place for a first meal of the hung-over day. Affordable, good variety, and quick service despite the long lines. Made me feel better despite the left over nausea.
5	I can't believe I've never been there until this past weekend.It was such quick service. I ordered, perused down the salad/potato/dessert line and paid. Right as I was paying - woot, buzzer buzzed! mmm. sandwhich! nom nomTried the Earl's Club, so delish with its melted cheese, warm bacon and turkey. Can't go wrong with anything bacon-y and the brownie sandwich. drooltastic! It totally completed my meal.Can't wait to come back and try other things...
4	The past 2 times I have visited Vegas, I have found my way back to Earl's.The pro is that it is open 24 hours!! You gotta love places that accommodate the late night partiers, the gamblers, and the night owls!You will find Earl's as you enter Planet Hollywood from the strip entrance.  Be prepared for the line as it is ALWAYS busy, but the staff members keep the line moving efficiently so you'll get your sandwich in no time!Sandwich prices are around $5ish - $8 ish so it is affordable if you have lost all of your money gambling :)However, best sandwich I've ever had?  Not quite...but I like that the sandwiches come out hot and it does the job for a quick bite to eat.I'll probably find my way back here again the next time I'm in Vegas :)
4	It's my go to place for some quick food on the strip after a night out. I've eaten here sober, during the day too. My favorite sandwich is the Original 1762. It's a simple sandwich that does the job. Toasted bread, roast beef, melted cheddar, and horseradish sauce makes me a pretty happy person. It's not the best sandwich I've ever eaten. But for it's location on the strip, being open 24 hours, and the price for a pretty decent sandwich, I'm a fan.
4	Hot sandwiches. Good at any time of the day. $6. Vegas. Good food, good price. Can't go wrong there!They always make such bombs sandwiches, even with such a large demand for it. Their speed to make sandwiches doesn't sacrifice the quality of the sandwiches. Always a good deal.The full montague and cannonballs! are my go-to sandwiches. Full and filling. Also, don't miss out of the soup! I love soup, and their chicken noodle is usually a great complement to my sandwich. I never leave Vegas without Earl's, for good reason.
5	Atmosphere: limited seating. Fast food place. Wait is pretty long but totally worth it. Food: amazing!! Price: great!Highlight: all sandwiches!Other: would always take my friends there. Must try!
5	Okay, so it's just a freaking sandwich.  I know people say that it's over rated and well yeah, it is a bit over rated but it doesn't warrant the 1 star review.  Actually, there's no need for me to even write a review because this place has at least a few thousand.  So why did I give 5 stars?  Because look at where you're at.  Vegas is like a giant airport where the food is jacked up to 60% of the actual retail price.  I bought a slice of pizza and a coke one time somewhere and had to pay 12 bucks. Yeah, 12 motherfucking bones.  So let me tell you that Earl of Sandwich earns the 5 stars because for a pretty delicious fuckin sando, you only pay 6 dollars in a land where they would usually charge 12.  So there's my blurb right there.Line is pretty long, but it goes by fast and you rarely wait more than 5 minutes to get your order.  Not only that, the process of ordering to paying to getting your sandwich is so streamlined and smooth- there's no kinks to the process which is why they can go through so many people so fast.I ordered the tuna melt and it was decent- I really like their bread and the portions were good.  A half would have satisfied me but I went ahead and ate the other half because I'm to lazy to carry it around with me.  Overall - not the best sandwiches in the world, but they're still GOOD and you get the most bang for your buck here.  Plus, the joint is open 24 hours.
5	Best Tuna Melt ever! Anywhere, hands down!Ladies and Gentlemen, There are few things in life that are worth driving hundreds of miles for, amongst them is Earls. For those of us who are not 21, there are very few activities we can enjoy in Vegas. Fortunately Earls is friendly to patrons of all ages. (although you have to hurry if you enter through the Planet Hollywood entrance; try and use the Miracle mile shop entrance to avoid being harassed by pit bosses and the like.) I have tried their house sandwich and roast beef, both of them taste alright. But the Tuna Melt is absolutely perfect, I really mean perfect. You can make no amount of spices or make any other adjustment to that sandwich which will make it taste any better! Pros: *Best tuna melt in the US. Maybe the world.*Price (~$6)Cons: *Long lines.
5	FIVE FRIGGIN STARS. it dont get better than a sandwich place located in the middle of the strip. arrive to vegas, earl of sandwiches, check in, earl of sandwiches, eat dinner, earl of sandwiches, pre-drank, get fucked up at the club, earl of sandwiches. 24/7 with prime time location, makin some of the best sandwiches in vegas. seriously, they are all good 5 stars. i especially savored the meatball sandwich, the earl club sandwich, and the main one with bacon on it. 6-7 bucks a sandwich, you will not regret.
5	Yummy sandwiches! I went to vegas knowing that I wanted to try this place out. We stayed at Planet Hollywood, so it was very convenient because they are open 24 hours. I had the Earl's Club which I really liked. I also tried the Full Montagu. Both were very tasty. The lines go by fairly fast also. The bread is probably what stands out; it's just perfect :)
5	"Bread makes the sandwich; We make the bread"- Earl of sandwich slogan.This is the reason to go to vegas. I mean damn, the sandwiches here taste like unicorn blood. And for those of you who don't know, unicorn blood gives you amazing restorative powers for your face and exfoliates skin; It even gives you some life back! Ask Lord Voldemort!But on the real, having worked at subway before and holding the title of "sandwich artist", when I came here and saw them making these delectable sandwiches right on front of me, I wanted to take some MSG and shove it up my butt. I don't why I would do it, but I felt like I received a total slap in the face of calling myself a sandwich artist, because damn, all my life I still can't even draw proper stick figures, and the sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are Mona Lisa caliber. They certainly just melt in your mouth like hot fudge brownies freshly baked. They smell like your new crushes hair straight from the shower. They look like the person you've always wanted to have sex with. These sandwiches, are the best.
4	Ohhh...I could just eat Earl's bread by itself for days....warm, soft, thick and carbo-licious! The stuff in the middle of the sandwich was just the cherry on top. =)I shared the sandwiches family style with my friends and we tried the the Original, the Full Montague and the All American. I chose the All American because love cranberry with turkey. So delish! The seasonal special was a another turkey sandwich with cranberries and the fixin's. I was tempted to try that too! All the sandwiches were delicious and stuffed to the brim with meat and veggies. I'm  not sure which one I liked the best, but I found that the Full Montague and the All American tasted similar. The original had a stronger taste to it due to the horse radish sauce. I totally could have just ate half of a sandwich and been full. The portion size is good. For about $5.99 per sandwich it's a great deal! The lined moved super fast and the sandwiches came out super fast too. They have their system totally down. Just one thing to note, make sure that you check your recipe after you order and make sure it's what you really want. We originally ordered The Club, but the guy at the register put down the Full Montague on our receipt and we were unwrapping our sandwich when we noticed the mix up. Good CHEAP eat in Vegas! You don't see much of these so enjoy!
4	I came here for the first time earlier tonight after a long day of rehearsals.  (Yeah, it's taken me *this* long to check this place out!)  I was sober and very hungry and thus, enjoyed my Hawaiian sandwich very very much.  I thought that: 1) there was a lot of ham and chicken in my sandwich2) the bread had that 'just baked' feel - crispy/crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside3) the sauce was tangy and oh-so-good!I felt like I ate a Hawaiian pizza!  YUM.  I also thought my accompanying chocolate chip cookie was delicious.  (I bought a country apple muffin for my hubby and he *just* devoured it, pronouncing the muffin as "hey, that was really good!.")One of the more affordable options on the Strip and dang, why is there only one location in Vegas, let alone NV?  If you're ever around Planet Hollywood and want a cheapish bite, visit EoS!
4	Solid sammies, great desserts...not a HUGE selection but its plenty. The service has been great the times I've been there and they're usually pretty fast getting your food to you. However, one of the times I went was around the lunch hour and we felt it; waited about 20mins til our buzzer buzzed signaling sammy amazingness!
4	These can't be sandwiches!! It's preposterous how delicious they are. And when you're in need of something to munch on at 4am, Earl's got your back. For my three day stay in Vegas, I've eaten here three times (all these times, sober). I tried the club sandwich, the carribean jerk, and the tomato soup. I can't deny bacon in anything, so the club sandwich was definitely a win. The carribean jerk sandwich had an amazing spread to it, packed a powerful kick with some tender loving. I've named the carribean jerk sandwich my favorite of all time. The tomato soup is topped with freshly baked croutons and is the right amount of creamy. I'd say the soup itself is filling for a light lunch. Cheap, fresh, delicious.
5	OOOhhh, we love this place. We try and eat here every time we're in Vegas now. We always get the Italian sub (hot). We have tried another sandwich but I can't remember what it was because it wasn't as yummy as the Italian. The Tomato soup is really good, too. YUMMY!!! There is a huge line but it goes really fast. Wait in line and get the hot Italian Sub and Tomato Soup and you'll be happy.
4	So some of my friends told me we had to try this place out when we went to Vegas... I didn't quite understand why we drove from LA to Vegas to try out a "Sandwich Shop"... until I actually GOT THERE, saw the damn place, tried the food, and realized it was a "Sandwich SHOPPE". Yes, those last two letters, "P" and "E" are what made all the difference! We are not talking about some poorly copied Subway knockoff, we are talking about a quaint little store, filled with personality, AND filled to the brim with people enjoying their customized, fresh, made in front of you sandwiches. Think a slightly more expensive version of Subway, but with a lot more class.The bread was pretty damn fresh, I think I could have had mine a slight bit more "toasted" on the inside, but you could seriously taste the freshness and the yumminess in it! And the goodies that went inside? Oh my, pretty darn good. Not thrilled with the "All American", I felt that their turkey was a little on the dry side, but then again, turkey is a very hard animal to cook and keep moist. Loved the fact that each sandwich had a good chunk of "goodies" inside (my friends and I ordered three different types, and split among ourselves), and I also loved the fact that it was easy for us to cut it in even pieces to share.A little expensive for my college student budget, but I don't mind splurging once in a while for good food... I'm always down to try new food to Yelp. Yes, Yelp, I dedicate my foodie adventures to you. Overall, I felt that the food was a 3.5, but I'm rounding up cause I greatly enjoyed being able to share this meal with many good friends, family style.
4	Staying at PH, this was the place to go. I rarely give out 5-stars but honestly, it bedazzles me that a 24-hour place can also have high quality (where I'm from in SD, quality of food usually isn't found in 24-hour places).Bread is very fresh (toasted to a perfect amount, not too much, slightly crunchy but not really with soft parts). I got the albacore tuna which tasted amazing, and although usually not a fan of cheese, their swiss cheese somehow managed to satisfy me. I definitely recommend this one. I also tried all my friends' such as the original, all American, and meatball. All of them were so unique but tasty in a very different way. Out of the many times I came here, I was having a hard time ordering towards the end because I enjoyed everything.Not only that, it's cheaper than the usual sandwich joins (subway). This is the obvious place to stop if you're craving food in Vegas late at night (or whenever really). Line can get pretty long at times but it is seriously worth the wait. I don't blame them for being so popular. Why can't we have this kind of place everywhere??
5	No Vegas Trip is complete without a trip to Earl of Sandwich!!!  Seriously, the best 5.99 you will ever spend in Vegas, because you are guaranteed hot deliciousness.For a long time I heard the buzz of famous Earl of Sandwiches and I was worried that they would not live up to the hype.  But during 2011 I had the opportunity to make two trips to Vegas and I finally go to experience the amazingness for myself.   I have tried the following two of the sandwiches on the menu:The Full Montagu- Roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes, and of course yummy mustard.  It is called the full montagu for a reason.  It really has all of the sandwich essentials.  At 3 am it was worth the extra cab ride.The Original - Roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish.  Of the two I think this was my favorite.  It was uncomplicated and gets straight to the meaty cheesy flavor with a tiny kick of the creamy horseradish.  So it doesn't have any vegetables...you don't go to Vegas to eat healthy!  Here are some fun facts/helpful tips:1.  It is open 24 hours so if you had a little too much fun in the night, don't worry you can always get your grub on at any time2. Divide and conquer! Send someone to scout and grab a table and send someone else to place the orders that way by the time your food is ready you should have a place to enjoy and rest your sore feetOVERALL: A MUST GO!
4	We ate here three times in one day.  Enough said.  Oh and their tomato soup is the best.
4	My favorite part about Earl's? Freshly baked bread for sandwiches! It's so light & crispy! x__x So far my favorite is the Full Montagu ^__^ Roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomato, mustard, all so yummy! I feel like it's one of those places where you have to try at least once when you're in Vegas.
5	I'm a huge fan of sandwiches, HUGE FAN and this place is definitely one of my favorite! I've always heard about it and people ALWAYS took pictures of these sandwiches so when I went to Vegas this time around I made sure I got some. I had the Full Montagu and Earl's Club and I really liked both but the Earl's Club was more my taste. loved that its toasted, I still crave these sandwiches even though I got it two days in a row while in Vegas... everyone who visits Vegas definitely have to give this place a try, you WON'T be disappointed!!
4	After a long night of a lot of pineapple upside downs and mojitios at Heart bar with my awesome man, we stopped here to put some solids in our tummies.OMG its SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good! But.. I dont know if it is because it is good or just because I had about 15 mojitos and 9 shots intus. But, all I know: People of Earls, if you are missing a bottle of mustard, it was me who took it. I do not recall a lot but I woke up with the bottle in the bed and mustard all over my face. The sandwich was squooshed on my boobs. With mustard.I do remember dropping a whole bottle of applejuice on my fabulous shoes, because they still smell like apple. I guess a got an apple pedi :)The sandwiches, beeing a little intoxicated, taste just FANTASTIC!!! not too greasy, very fresh, very delicious.It is even easy to find after that many drinks in the Planet hollywood!I love you forever!
5	So I've seen reviews for this spot prior before going to vegas..turns out it happen to be at our hotel! What a nice surprise.. My b.f. And I had to try it. He had the caribbean chicken jerk sandwich and I had montagu sandwich. Both delicious!!! It was soo busy, but the service and everything was fast. 7-8 dollars for 6 inch. Pretty small, just right, but its the quality, not quantity! The potatoe salad was delish also.
4	It's 4AM in Vegas and you're hungry and most likely drunk. This sandwich shop is open 24hrs and the quality doesn't lack even during the weee hrs of the mornings. If you're looking for quick and cheap bite, I HIGHLY recommend the sandwiches here. For Vegas, this 5.99 sandwich will take you pretty far, esp if you've been testing your luck out at the craps table like I did haha. I ordered the "full montagu" and it was packed with a lot of filling. The bread was soooo good. I'm so particular wit bun/bread to meat ratio whenever I eat sandwiches and burgers. This sandwhich is portioned out perfectly. Their amazing bread was laced with this sweet, delicious mustard. It just made my sandwich go from a 5 to a 10. I'm addicted. I hope they decide to open one up in the DFW area!!!
5	I'll keep it simple since Earl's has over 1000 reviews. Great sandwiches, great price, and open 24 hours a day!!!! WoooHooo Hoooo Hoo!!!
4	it's cheap and tasty...just like me.
5	Delicious! Worth the wait for sure! My hubby and I got the Full Montagu and Tuna melt..wasn't disappointed at all! Actually surprised they're open 24hours.  I will totally come back again!
5	The first time I had Earl's was in 2009 and after my trip, Earl's left me dreaming of their sandwiches. That's how good it is! I honestly rate it as one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had. My favorite is the All-American: turkey and cranberry... it's like Thanksgiving in your mouth! The last time I was in Vegas, we had Earl's 5 times. Made for cheap eats and I honestly was not tired of it. Had one left over from the night before and it was still good. This is my first stop next time I'm in Vegas... mmmm I'm craving it right now!
4	We've heard of Earls every time we go to Vegas but never really tried.  Wow missing out.  For less than $6 you get these awesome sandwich that surprisingly are super filling.  The taste is great but they could pack it in more with meat but hey it still tasted great.  Their chicken noodle soup was fantastic. Potato salad was yummy and hit the spot.  I tried the original, BLT, and Caribbean jerk.. All were great.... even the next day cold it tasted awesome... Quality food right there. The line can get long but moves pretty well.  Its supposedly 24hrs but it was closed after 3am on a Friday night...weeeiird?  Maybe they had to clean and restock.  Either way great place to get a snack after the club or lunch run.
2	Perhaps I'm just not a sandwich fan....I honestly do not understand why so many people are fascinated by their sandwiches. Menu is your typical deli meat selection. They make their own bread there and it is toasted for each bite. I find the bread being really greasy as I constantly have to wipe my hands while holding the sandwich. I think it's a great sandwich shop (friendly, efficient, inexpensive, open 24hrs) but their sandwiches did not have any wow factor for me.
4	This place is solid. The sandwiches here are on point with what you order. I've tried the meatball sandwich which is okkkk....the  montague is good, but the jamaican jerk chicken was my sandwich of choice. i also ordered the tomato soup which is creamy and was also good cure for my hangover in vegas. As I am a fatty, i also got a sugar cookie which is a wanna-be snickerdoodle and i enjoyed it.Overall this place is of convenience since my entourage of drunks stayed in PH westgate, we can stagger to this place without a problem, wait...we made some wrong turns here and there at the plaza...we eventually stumbled upon the pinnacle of sandwich spots in vegas, which they the call the Earl of sandwiches.ahhh sh...t. now im getting hungry for some Earl's.you know what i prefer now from this review. you choose what you feel like, you wont be disappointed unless you're afraid of food.
5	Best cheap eats on the strip, very good sandwiches for 5.99 each, keeps you away from the $25 buffets
3	Ehhhh, more like 2 1/2 for me.  I think it was just because Yelp made it seem like it was the best thing on the strip!  Well, maybe my opinion is skewed because I got a breakfast sandwich, which was not great at all.  The saving grace?  It was RIGHT next to our room and it was priced very very fairly.  Food: I got the Bacon, egg, and Swiss breakfast sandwich.   It was early in the morning and we had all been drinking. The sandwich came out PIPING hot. I thought that I was going to bite into it and be struck with inspiration to go and do something with my life.  All I got was a mediocre "ehhhh".  I mean don't get me wrong, would I go out and get it again?  Yup, since it's so convenient.  I like my bacon crispy.  It wasn't crispy.  I guess I just had unreal expectations from yelp reviews.  Price:  This probably earned the 3 stars rather than the 2 stars.  I think that it was VERY VERY reasonable.  After losing 90 bucks the night before, the last thing I wanted to do was shell out another 12 bucks for a breakfast sandwich.  CONCLUSION:I guess I'll just go and try it again.  I think I might go and get an actual regular sandwich next time, since that's what everyone is saying is good.
5	Earl of Sandwich is one of my favorite places to go to eat in Vegas if I'm on a budget. It's located in Planet Hollywood, so if I go shopping and then cry because I'm too broke to spend luxurious amounts of money on food, I come here.Delicious sandwiches! I can never go to Subway again. When I come back to California, I get depressed if I see a Subway.Their sandwiches are so fresh and amazing. They have so many interesting choices like caribbean jerk chicken! From the times I went, each sandwich has not failed to disappoint. The Montague is always a safe but yummy choice if you're not feeling too experimental.Very cheap sandwiches that are delicious! Again, if you want something delicious to eat for a small price, definitely come here.5 stars! Simple, cheap and delicious.
4	Sandwiches are delicious and fresh and hot - at pretty decent prices!The lines are always super long, because it is such a good bang for your buck (considering the price of food in Vegas sometimes...) but their fast service still allows the line to move very quickly.My friends and I came for dinner after going clubbing late at night, and were super grateful to find out that this place was still open, even at 3am! I really recommend the Full Montagu - I liked the mustard they used hahaha and I am a big sauce person.
5	Seriously why is this place so rare to find. I wish they had a chain store in San Francisco or the Bay Area. I always have to come here when I visit Vegas since I can't get it at home!The price is super reasonable for the quality of the sandwich. The sandwiches are all freshly made and served hot. Delicious. The soups are really good too. I love sandwiches and this place is definitely worth it considering what you would pay on the strip. I usually got the Broccoli Cheddar soup, which isn't as creamy and thick as most places. It's light and delicious and the best Broccoli Cheddar soup you can get anywhere! It's only 2.99!All the sandwiches are 5.99 and most come hot. I think those are the best ones. I tried the All American, Italian, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and they are all delicious! Trust me this place you won't get disappointed. The line might be long, but it'll go by fast!
3	Let's set some guidelines. In the category of Fast Food...subset Sandwhiches, this rates 3 stars- A OK. The concept is interesting but the execution still screams Fast Food...and no more. If I were 25 and had been drinking most of the night and found this place open at 1 am it would rate higher..,however, I was looking for something much better to substantiate the 4 1/2 stars and 1300 odd reviews. This time...unfortunately Yelpers let me down.
5	Yay to a delicious easy eat in Vegas!  Forget the Vegas buffets and michelin star promises of fine dining -- after all that drinking and partying, what you really want is a hearty meal that will hit the spot.  Thank god for Earl of Sandwich!Nothing fancy, but I promise the $5.99 sandwiches are just what the doctor ordered.  We tried several in the group, the best was the tuna melt followed by the Montague.  Despite the line, it's really a short wait.  Sandwiches come out piping hot and seating was not difficult to find.  LOVES!One last tip = get the brownie ice cream sandwich ($3.29) -- a scoop of ghiradelli vanilla ice cream between 2 HUGE chewy brownies, what a treat and a steal.
5	Hung over and broke? get some Earls. 2 am and you've lost your friends and cell phone at the club? get some Earls. Woke up at the hospital with a cathether attached to you know what? ...Get some Earls, boy, go get some Earls. How can you ever go wrong with warm toasted bread, mounds of meat, slice of melted cheese and some lettuce and tomato for good measure? The Full Montague ain't never gonna do you dirty like those craps table did, 5 minutes ago.
4	This place really doesn't need my review but I added a picture so.. might as well..Great sandwich spot at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood.  Line is long but they have a pretty efficient check out process.. order with one person and pay with another.  I got the tuna melt and it was stringy, melty, cheesy richness.  Although by the end of the sandwich, I felt a little heavy.  The lemonade washed everything down nicely, though.YES I RECOMMEND... holler
5	I love this place! I always stop here whenever I'm in Vegas. Their sandwiches are amazingly good. It's like a wrapped up brick of gold. It comes out warm and savory. It's making my mouth water just thinking of how good it is. They make their own bread and it finishes baking when they heat the sandwich. Its open 24 hrs. When you feel broke from losing so much at the craps table, the gold wrapped sandwich makes me feel like I just hit the jackpot!
5	OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!! I tried Earl for the first time this past weekend and right now, I am seriously having Earl withdrawal. Let's just say.. I was only in Vegas for 2 days and I ate here 3-4 times. It was that good. And the line may be long, but it was totally worth it cuz it moves fairly quickly.Anyways, so I tried the Earl's Club, Full Montagu, Tuna Melt, and the breakfast one with eggs and ham.. ALL WERE FREAKIN DELICIOUS. I honestly don't think you can go wrong with their menu.. everything is just really good. It may just be a sandwich, but to me, it was like the PERFECT SANDWICH. I think the bread made it extra melt in your mouth good. It's pretty cheap too! $5.99 a sandwich and I believe it's open 24/7!I tried looking up their locations to see if there were any near my area, but the closest one is Vegas.. sucks! But if you're in Vegas, make that visit over to PH and try Earl of Sandwich! You surely will NOT regret it! =)
5	My dealer told me that I had try this place before I left, and it was DAMNN good. They're selling your basic sandwich fare, and a few classics, but I think it's the fresh toasted bread that gets you. Just a great sandwich with balanced flavors!!Really can't go wrong with any sandwich. Take your pick.
3	What is everyone smoking? Quiznos in a casino.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I do not like roast beef sandwiches. Arby's, french dip, whatever... if it's roast beef, I won't order it. And of course, because I'm a masochist and a lemming, I ordered the original 1872 roast beef sandwich at Earl of Sandwich, expecting to lump it into the same category as every other roast beef sandwich.But it was good. REALLY good. It made me feel silly for being so obstinate about roast beef sandwiches. Had I really been missing out this entire time? The bread was freshly baked and the perfect receptacle for the simple sandwich: tender, thin slices of juicy roast beef, melted cheese, and sharp horseradish. On the side, I had a cup of the best tomato soup I've had in recent memory. Creamy, slightly acidic, and with a sprinkling of really good croutons, presumably made from the same tasty bread as the sandwiches.I'm not going to start ordering roast beef sandwiches, but I will make it a point to stop by Earl's of Sandwiches every time I'm in Vegas.
3	From my experience, the sammys taste better the day after. They are OKAY hot and fresh, and PRETTY GOOD cold after a good nights rest or a flight home. I tried the original and the turkey. Too much hype?
4	It's 12pm. You just checked out of your hotel, only after realizing you left behind your hair curler and one of your heels. You had no time to shower and you look like a mess. Hop over to Planet Hollywood for some sandwiches to save the day. These delicious toasty 'wiches won't break your bank...only $6 per sandwich! Where else can you find a better deal on the strip?! Add a cup of soup and you're bound to instantly start feeling better. Highly recommended are the Full Montagu, the Original, and the Tuna Melt. The line is long but it goes by quickly.
5	Thanks to my gambling problem, I've gotten very familiar with Earl's sandwiches. It's a great fit for PH, my Vegas home. Long story short good sandwiches, good price, good location, hours and accessibility.Service: They do their job, they do it efficiently. Nothing sticks out to me negatively or positively. "They are who we thought they were"Food: Delicious as advertised. I've had just about every sandwich to a point where I know which sandwich I want to go with my mood/the situation. I will say I wasn't a fan of the Hawaiian BBQ, it tasted like pineapple and bbq without really meshing together well. It could have been a one off situation because I was losing that day, but all other sandwiches were great to me.Price: very reasonable pricing especially with all the other restaurants around it. Probably explains the lines! Location: Close to the tables to take a break, easy to find, not stuck in the corner of the miracle mile.A Vegas trip isn't complete without an Earl's Sandwich. Even if I was miles away gambling at M, I would find someone to make the Trek down to PH to get me a sandwich, Diddy Making the Band Cheesecake style.
5	AHHHHHHHHH!!! I LOVE EARL OF SANDWICH!! I'm so happy that it's 24/7!! =) Their Italian sandwich is super delish! The price isn't so bad either! I recommend coming here if you're looking for a cheap convenient filling place to eat at Vegas!
4	Earl of Sandwich is the tits. I am a fan of the ham and swiss because apparently I'm boring but I swear the mustard is awesome and I like my simple flavors, aight? Also noteworthy, breakfast sandwiches.Open 24 hours? win. Decently cheap and right next to the Miracle Mile? more win.If you're jonesing for a decent sandwich without having to break the bank on the strip, this is the way to go, trust.
5	When fellow friend Richard G. raved and raved about how good Earl of Sandwich is and how he'd eat it any day and everyday, I thought he was just obsessed.  I've had other people tell me Earl of Sandwich is good, but that was it, it was just "good."  I'm a big fan of sandwiches so I was coming into this place with some pretty high expectations.And sure as hell, Earl of Sandwich delivered.  I want to say this place ranks in my top 3 (along with Ike's and Mendocino Farms in SF and LA respectively), but where in the top 3, I'm not so sure (I'm so conflicted).But yes, the Full Montagu is a must get!  I'm not a fan of mustard, but a;ofhusfo;ahfouef Earl of Sandwich, you did something right if I'm in love with a sandwich that is heavily dosed with mustard.  My sandwich was absolutely perfect, love the crunch of the bread and how everything just melts and comes together in your mouth.  No doubt, it's an amazing sandwich.They say the line can get long, but came by Saturday afternoon and beat the lunch rush, not a long wait at all.  And since it's Vegas, what a steal for such good food on the strip.  Open 24/7?  Yeah, I'm sold.Going to try the Earl Club next time and their lemonade.  And apparently dipping your sandwich in their broccoli and cheese soup makes it super good too.  So that'll be the next plan.But yeah, Earl of Sandwich, you definitely earned your name.
4	So at the wee hours in the morning, one of my friends suggested that we hit this place up. He claimed that it's the best sandwich he's ever had. He said he would pay for us if we don't like it. So it was a win win situation. . It was pretty good but it's definitely not the best I've had. I guess it depends on what you get. I ordered their Veggie sandwich. Bread was good but sauce could use a little more flavor. Still, it was a good deal. $6 for an oversized sandwich at Vegas.  Giving them an extra star for being open 24/7.
5	I LOVE the sandwiches here. Every trip I take to Las Vegas gets me thinking about them before I even land!
4	call me crazy but my favorite sandwich so far is the tuna melt! haha the cheese that is melted within the sandwich is freakin delicious, i think we ate here like 2-3 times during our last stay since we were staying at planet hollywood, i know right? kinda embarrassing but whatevs so good!
5	Came here about a year ago and it was GREAT. The line at the time was short, thank goodness. I ordered a sandwich with the help of one of the lovely ladies behind the counter and for a decent price, I could honestly say it filled me up. It's a really nice place to chill if you just want a quick bite. You're sitting right at the edge of the casino and the shopping area so you get a good glance at everything around you. Don't forget to order a drink though! You'll get thirsty munching on these beast sandwiches.
5	Doesn't disappoint!!! Perfect thing to eat after a night of partying and drinking!Also, did you hear that they are opening an Earl of Sandwich in DT Disney!?!?! SWEET!!
3	So much hype. 50% of the customers here are Asians who yelp about it.Sandwiches are OK, they're normal. Try not to get a pressed sandwich with lettuce, it tastes weird because the lettuce is hot and weird.Frozen Lemonade is too sweet, don't get it. It's famous, but it's not good.I guess it's good for a snack, especially because there's not too many cheap snack places in Vegas.
5	Great place to get a snack at let's say . . . 5:00 AM.
4	I really enjoy Earl of Sandwich.First and foremost, I love that their soups are only $2.99.I am a huge fan of tomato soups and they have a very good tomato soup with croutons.EoS is generally a rather affordable food compared to nearly everything else on the strip.Strangely enough, Kalila and I both wanted soup today. We went to Earl of Sandwich for some Broccoli Cheddar. It was a VERY HEAVY soup. It was good and tasty. I would have liked some more broccoli chunks though.I had a full montague and it was delicious. I really liked the roast beef and the mustard.Kalila had the canonballs and it was also delicious. The sauce seemed to be all over the sandwich wrapper instead of the meatballs, though. Overall, it was kind of dry. We like that the bread is toasted, but after reading Misti's review, she makes a great point about how there are no other bread choices.Based off of the other times Kalila has eaten there:She highly recommends getting a tuna melt sandwich and a tomato soup. Eating them together is reaaaaaallly good!OH, AND!You can order a Grey Lemonade. It's Grey Iced tea and lemonade. Basically, an arnold palmer with a different type of iced tea. Whether or not you like it, depends on your taste buds. I know people who love it and people who can just tolerate it. It is something that they fill your cup behind a wall, but refills are free if you ask at the pick up area. Just try it to see if you like it or not.#foodcrew
4	Remember the famous movie "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle"? Well my dear friends embarked on a journey to Earl of Sandwich. Was it worth it?? Yup, The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was my favorite. The swiss cheese and bell peppers gave it the perfect "party in your mouth". The bread is toasted to perfection. Must def try.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas....I was hungry at about 2am and on the Casino level of Planet Hollywood resided the Earl of Sandwich. My stomach was growling, so I gave them a go....DELICIOUS. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and it was fabulous! The bread was warm and just slightly toasted just the way I like it. The peppers and the spice on the chicken created a party in my mouth. OMG...I would eat here again and again and again.
3	Not really sure what all the hype is...and apparently I'm going against the norm of all the other Asians that love this place.  HA.  It's kind of like a combination between Quizno's and Potbelly.  I think Potbelly is better.  I had the club and it was good, just seems like a lot of bread and nothing over the top.  The potato salad was good, but again, nothing out of the ordinary.  I certainly wouldn't wait in the ridiculously long line that forms here some times!
5	Earl's is the best place to go if you don't know where you want to eat. All things good: Its cheap, the line moves amazingly fast, the food is absolutely delicious, you aren't standing out in 100+ degree weather and you get to people watch as you eat!Pretty much come here to eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner if my friends don't drag me off to some other restaurant. I like to eat other peoples food so I'm almost sure I've tried over half the sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups etc at Earls.. and everything is FANTASTIC. The soups are perfect when you're hungover and don't remember what being sober feels like. My go-to from Earl's is the Caprese sandwich, always ALWAYS hits the spot. Even when I'm nauseous from a full night of drinking, I somehow manage to find my way to Earl's.
5	How can you make a 100 oz. Fat Tuesday tub baby with 3 extra shots of Everclear even better? By pairing it with an Earl of Sandwich sammich, of course!I was reserving my 200th review for a place that I considered near and dear to my heart, and Earl of Sandwich is just that!  I have been here countless times. I'm sure I have also been here without any recollection of eating here .. or of the night :)Although I try to order something different every time, I always find myself devouring the Full Montagu. What can I say? It just tastes right with my hurricane + octane + 3 extra shots Everclear / 151 FT concoction! Or maybe it is just that being inebriated dulls my decision-making ability. I also tried the bf's Caribbean Jerk on my last visit... not something I would have ordered myself, but surprisingly really awesome!I usually eat here during normal eating hours (mid-afternoon, dinner), so the wait is not bad, even though there will always be a line. It would be cool to check out this place post-clubbing hours, but there are so many graveyard steak & egg deals around the Strip that I have not made this place an option yet.Like the opinion of fellow Yelp! friend Michelle F., a Vegas trip without a visit to Earl of Sandwich just feels incomplete and disappointing. But now that Earl of Sandwich will be extending its franchise this summer to Downtown Disney Anaheim (most likely with shorter opening hours), I will get a chance to try every sandwich on the menu after all!
4	So everyone also mentioned about how AMAZZZiNG the sandwiches are here. Really sandwiches?!Well here's my feedback, FINALLY.Upon arrival, there was a small line. We came around noontime-ish, and the line moved fairly fast. I ended up ordering the Hawaiian Chicken Sandwich with an Earl Tea Lemonade, which came up to ~$10. As for the price, it wasn't too bad. The sandwich was decent -- it wasn't like, "OMG I'M HAVING A MOUTHGASM THIS VERY MOMENT. I WANT IT EVERYDAY" sorta thing. It was just..... good. In fact, the only thing that makes this sandwich good was the fact that it was all about the BREAD! It was heated to perfection, which made the cheese melt and the meat to be all sorts of steamy. My drink was eh.The interior was like a fancy subway, nothing too fancy.Overall, it was good-- wasn't super amazing like everyone claims. However, this place is a good place to eat, especially if you're low on cash in Vegas. As for coming back, maybe. I wouldn't say I'm a super fan, but it is good.Turn Ons:-The bread of the sandwich was good-- truly baked to perfection.Turn Offs:-Way too overrated-- only the bread is good.
3	After a failed attempt to give Earl and Sandwich a shot back in September, I was happy to finally get my hands on one of their sandwiches last week. Preciousssss...(Golem from 'The Lord of The Rings')NO LINE, YES!I've read many Yelpers reviews that talk about having to wait in line. When we got to Earl's, thankfully when we got there, there was NO line. SCORE! I ordered The Earl's Club, and some pasta salad, and some chips, and (THERE'S ALWAYS ROO FOR DESSERT. WARNING WARNING.) a cookie and a fruit  parfait (I WAS HUNGRY!!!). =X NO LOVE AT FIRST BITEEh, there wasn't anything special about this sandwich and how it tasted. In fact I've had better sandwiches elsewhere (Little Lucca's in South San Francisco, CA). I was fairly disappointed because of the rave reviews I've read here on Yelp. Don't get me wrong the sandwich was still good, it was mediocre tasting and nothing to rave about. =X Goodness, I hope I don't get shot for this review!! CONCLUSIONEverything I ordered, that includes sides and desserts were just okay. Not awesome, not horrible BUT okay. So....3 STARS! Would I come back? Eh, maybe if I was desperately craving for a sandwich. =)
5	Want cheap and delicious food? Well, this is the place to be! Recommendations:Tuna Melt and Caribbean Jerk Chicken, hands down. Can't wait until it opens in California!!
5	A must if you're in the area. During my 3 day vacation, i went here twice, while some of my other friends went like 5 times. Like any deli, order at the start, look at the other random add ons you can buy (beer, chips, drinks, ice cream sandwich), pay. LONGLINES ARE GOOD, because once you pay, your sandwich is ready! finding seating however, is a whole different story haha.I ordered:The Full Montagu: Mustard sometimes makes or breaks a sandwich for me, I didn't make it this time, but was alright. Italian: Really good, I just wish it came with some greens. Caribbean Jerk Chicken: Can't describe the flavors, but it worked out right.Ice cream sandwich: The brownie was really rich.Im glad to say an Earls of sammy is going to be in disneyland!
5	I feel like I was transported to sandwich heaven!!! I've already heard that a sandwich is a sandwich so it can't be that special. WRONG. It was magnificent!! My full montagu was all I dreamed of and more!! Layers of fresh sliced turkey, flavorful roast beef, juicy tomato slices, crisp lettuce, and mustard all squished between two fresh pieces of hot bread, melted in my mouth!! I was full after the first, but the aftertaste was calling me to order another. Thankfully, Lyn C to the rescue! She let me eat the other half of hers because she was full. Best.Sandwich.Ever. Can't wait for the one to open in Downtown Disney!
4	This place is a vegas go to for me. If you're a diamond or seven stars member you can forego the line. Its a really great deal for the strip. I usually go for the full montagu, club or the original. Salads are ok here, so stick to sandwiches.
4	DELICIOUS hot- sandwiches for $5.99? Are you kidding me? Of course, I am a fan!Located in Planet Hollywood, every time I am in Vegas, my friends and I make a stop (or two) here.  Although it is opened 24 hours,  there is always a line to order food (even longer during the daytime, of course) and people eating at the restaurant. The lines move at a fairly fast pace and the food is usually out and ready by the time you pay! What more could you ask for? My favorite sandwiches are the: Caprese, Tuna Melt, and The Earl's Club!!Even better news... for all the SOCAL residents: Earl of Sandwich is opening in summer 2012 at Downtown Disney! I am soooo excited to head over there once it opens!
4	At $6, these sandwiches are a tasty way to get small bills for tipping, and you'll need a lot more of those all the time.I definitely enjoyed the sandwiches I got here (including, of course, the Full Montagu). Good quick food, and helpfully cheaper than a lot of the other options around. Still quite corporate and sanitized, as is the way of things on the Strip.
4	So, I've been coming to Earl of Sandwich for a while now, and LOVE their hot sandwiches. Why only four stars? I'd have to say that considering 90% of my visits here have been late night, after clubbing, hot mess, need to sober up and soak up all the alcohol visits, I perhaps need to give it a go in more normal circumstances. I mean, yes they were deeelicious, but anything is delicious under the above mentioned conditions. I love the fact that they are 24 hours, and surprisingly there are always people there. My only wish for the sandwiches at Earl is that they were bigger.
5	Is there an award for the best sammich on the Strip?? Cause I'm about to give the 1st annual one to Earl's... Good lawwwwd. And good luck to whoever is gonna try to take that title away next year. The Earl of Sandwich makes the perfect size, perfect taste, perfect crunch, perfect bread, perfectly warm sammich on the Las Vegas strip. Hands down... I really shouldn't write anymore than that. I postponed writing a review for this place for over a year. I thought it'd be best kept between my friends & I, along with the lucky people who have stayed at PH or the ones that have shopped at the Miracle Mile Shops.My favorite sammich here is the Italian... I am not worthy. It's so damn good. It has salami, capicola, mortadella, ham, tomatoes, mozarella cheese and italian dressing. It's so good. You will know when you first bite into it. Trust me.The Best BLT is good too. I don't like it as much as the italian but its way better than your everyday BLT. Bacon, roma tomatoes, lettuce and tasty mayo.The Earl's Club is very good. Perfect marriage of bacon, turkey, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes & a sauce that is indescribably good.Earl's is good for lunch, dinner, after-club snack or it's 4am and there's nothing better to eat at the casino than this sandwich type of meal. It's the perfect sammich. It's just the right amount to make you want another one but somehow one is just right. I cant explain it. It hits the spot. The sugar cookie is very good. And the ice cream sandwich that puts vanilla ice cream in-between two brownie patties is genius.EARL of SAMMICH... No Vegas trip is complete.
3	This place has many, many good Yelp reviews, so I bookmarked it a while back.  Finally, we drove to the strip and gave it a try.  It is inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino (Las Vegas Boulevard & Harmon).  The Earl is near the Southern most entrance facing the Las Vegas Strip, right next to the Sugar Factory and the sports book.  The line was really long when we arrived and the seating appeared to be full.  I hate standing in line, but that is a good sign that they are doing something right.  Surprisingly, the line moved quickly.  The Earl is known for their hot sandwiches, we ordered two:  The Original 1762 is one of their signature hot sandwiches with roast beef, sharp cheddar, and creamy horseradish sauce on an artisan baked loaf.  I enjoyed the horseradish mayo.  The French Dip is only being served for a limited time.  It has roasted beef , sauteed red onions, on an artisan baked loaf and comes with Au Jus on the side.  I think they should have given a little more Au Jus.  We added a bowl of creamy tomato soup served with burnt croutons.  Cups of ice water are free.  Their bread is pretty good, but they are a bit stingy with the meat.  They slice the sandwich in half and the meat is clumped in the center giving the appearance that it has lots of meat.  Feels a little like false advertising.  The whole bill came in around $18.  By the time we got our food there was plenty of seating.  Apparently people move through pretty quickly.  The Earl is basically fast food like Quiznos or Panera Bread.  This place has a ton of reviews because it is one of the few places on the strip for tourists to get descent food at a low price.  I would eat there again if in the area, but it is not worth the hassle of the strip just for a sandwich.  Hey locals, there are far better options off the strip.  Looking for a good sandwich in a fast food type environment?  Try Jason's Deli.
5	If your just arriving to Vegas after a long drive or flight, after a long night of partying and drinking, or you just want a tasty meal, Earl of Sandwich is the place to go in vegas!Located in ph towers Westgate ( the hotel we always stay at due to its awesomeness) Earl of sandwich has never let us down. Even though it is popular, the wait is never to long. They have a big selection of sandwiches which range from simple to complex combinations.They do have other options but I don't know what they are because their sandwiches are just too out of this world. I like the "All American" the best. Its like a turkey dinner!Its open 24 hours so this is a perfect spot for a late night cap after the club or a long night of gambling... We always order way to many sandwiches because our eyes are bigger than our stomach.
5	This sandwich definitely is as good as it gets for the price and the taste and its open 24 hours! doesnt get any better then that!  I always get the the original which is delicious! the bread is perfectly toasted with the tasty roast beef inside. The service is very good and quick. Dont let the long line fool you. they have a good system that gets you in and out with your food in like 10 minutes. and it is definitely worth the wait. All the sandwiches run about 7.00 plus tax which is a great price considering they are in the middle of a very popular hotel and mall (planet hollywood). i highly recommend this sandwich restaurant if you are looking for a good cheap meal any time of the day. remember its open 24 hours a day!
5	I discovered this place on my last visit to Vegas and had to stop by as soon as we got here. I ordered The Full Montagu and it was as delicious as I remembered. Its located inside the Miracle Mile Mall so its always great to stop by after some shopping. They just recently i believe made it a 24hr spot! So after partying it up at Marquee on Saturday night we stopped by for a late night/early morning bite and i ordered the Tuna and a friend ordered the All American, we split the sandwiches to give ourselves variety.  The Tuna was good but a little too much for my liking, the All American was delicious and the cranberry's give it personality and a homey taste for a turkey sandwich.
4	I ate 4 Earl sandwiches over 3 separate visits all within 24hours. Earl overload... (pre-club, post-club, day after)It's definitely NOT the "world's greatest hot sandwich" but it's tasty, cheap, quick and convenient. Eat here if you don't feel like dropping $50 on buffet and want something better than McDonalds.I recommend the ORIGINAL 1762 and FULL MONTAGU sandwiches.--------------ORIGINAL 1762 - A little skimpy on the meat portions but flavorful throughout the sandwich with just the right amount of horse radish and cheese. (fyi- Meat is not consistent. One of the sandwiches was medium rare and the other was well done). FULL MONTAGU- Get this if you want veggies and more bang for your buck. Sandwich is about 1/4inch taller than the 1762.--------------TIPS:1. DO NOT go 3 times in 24hours. You'll get sick of it and end up forcing it down or keeping it for later and eating it cold.2. Visit after the clubs. Plenty of rowdy, drunk entertaining customers. Highlights include:  A drunk guy trying to fight two other drunk guys because he thought they were taking pictures of his ugly drunk gf, funny drunk pick up lines and lot's of people with food on their shirts.3. Order a side of macaroni salad and put it inside your 1762.
4	Tasty and cheap sandwiches! Must try if you are in the area. Tried their full montague and club. Both yummy! Grab a desert for later....will be back soon!
5	I stayed at Planet Hollywood this weekend, and out of the 4 times I went here, I only wanted to come here once...and gladly I was sober when it happened. All the other times was because my friends and I were pissed drunk and wanted something quick and even though the lines are long all day night long, they move fast.But when I came here sober before my drunking raid, I ordered the french dip and the chicken noodle, but the chicken noodle was cold, the fuck? So I asked them to change it to some tomato soup and honestly that soup taste exactly like the soup frm a Chef Boyardi soup can, but that little flaw can't replace the good memories and all their other sandwiches that are good. The french dip comes with an au jus sauce.
5	Earl of Sandwich... Y U NO HAVE ONE IN BAY AREA?This place is as good as it gets for sandwiches. I don't normally buy sandwiches at all, because even I am lazy enough to make them myself at home. But DAMNNNNNNN are these good.I tried the Hawaiian one, it was teriyak, ham, and pineapple in it. Really really flavorful and juicy especially with the pineapples. These sandwiches were so good, that I bought TWO within one sitting. After I finished the first sandwich I went back in line and bought the Holiday Stuffed Turkey Sandwich. It was like an entire Thanksgiving dinner inside the buns. Dried turkey?? NOPE. It fused together perfectly with the cranberry paste and gravy. SO GOOD.Will come back here if I was back in Vegas for SURE. 24/7 for all the drunkards out there as well. PERFECT. Can't get any better than this.
5	I'm a believer in all things good, therefore I am a believer of Earl of Sandwich! After seeing about 5 of my friends on fb check-in here on the same day a few months ago, I knew I had to try this place on my next Vegas trip.The line was long, but took no more than 15 minutes to get our order in. After consulting with the worker, the bf and I got an original and the full montagu and split. The original was okay (needed more horseradish), but the full montagu was mMm mMm good! Generous amounts of my two favorite deli meats (roast beef and turkey), fresh lettuce and tomato, cheddar and swiss cheese. I know it sounds like nothing special, but seriously, it's somethin' else!Can't wait to go back. :)
3	After hearing about this place , i decide to have a meal here and i have to say , i think it is overrated. The sandwiches i tried was the Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Both were alright. The earl grey lemonade is a good twist to your original half and half.  The good part about this place is that it is 24hrs so , when pinks is closed , people will still be coming here.
4	I'm obsessed with their Tomato soup. It is perfectly salty and sweet with these amazing croutons that taste superb from first crunchy bite to soup-soaked last.  Honestly it's hard to judge Earl of Sandwich accurately since when I eat it I am either drunk or hungover so it always seems like the best thing in the world. But they have a great selection. Different meats, sauces, sides, etc.  The bread is ALWAYS fresh whether it's 4 in the morning or 8 in the evening. I will admit there is only one sandwich joint in Vegas I love more. And I eat a lot of sandwiches.
3	Come on, people.  It's a good sandwich but it's not life-changing in any way.Maybe it's because I had a meat-free sandwich.  Maybe it's because I was here at 5:30 p.m. and not 3:30 a.m.  Whatever it was, I can't imagine myself going back unless it's the wee hours of the morning, I'm drunk, and I just so happen to be at Planet Hollywood.I had the Caprese sandwich.  It was fine, but Slidin' Thru is at least 13 times better.  There was lots of mozzarella cheese and some fresh basil, but something about the sandwich didn't pop for me.  Plus I didn't get why it was heated.  It was the first time I had a hot Caprese sandwich and it just didn't feel right to me.For the Strip, the prices are great.  For a local, the price is a buck or two more than it's worth.  Not huge, so if you're starving you may want to consider ordering two.Was thinking about two stars since I was unimpressed and the employees were some of the most unsmiliest I've seen.  But I will give props to the more affordable Strip prices and for the fact that they gave me a free sandwich for my birthday.
5	open 24/7, amazing food, even more amazing prices.our group went at like 3AM and there was no line.definitely hit this place up if you're in vegas!
5	The line was about 30 people deep at 3 in the morning. That must tell you something. This is what I told my friend, " I don't care for hot sandwiches" I swear this is true. Yeah until I came here. I have only tried one of the dozen different sandwiches. What is so great about this place is that the choices are simple so what you can concentrate on what is important. That's right! The Food!  I will be sure to come to this place many times to try all the different treasures. The bread will hook you. They have around a dozen workers in the kitchen spitting out orders like a machine. After the line went by so fast, I was thinking we would have to wait twice as long for our food but that wasn't the case. Sweet place to call one of my favorite places.
4	If only places like Subway or Quiznos could replicate the deliciously tasty sandwiches that Earl of Sandwich makes.  It would make for a better sandwich world.  These 6" sandwiches offer the best tasting sauces than the usual mustard, mayo or ketchup combination.  Each sandwich is prepped so well you think the sandwich artists hate to see their work of art go.  I had the pineapple chicken sandwich and I knew that one just wasn't enough.I hope they'll have one of these places up in Canada sometime soon.
4	I really like this sandwich place and come here whenever I'm in Vegas. I recommend  you try this place whenever you're in Vegas and if you're looking for a new restaurant to try.   They give you a pager to let u know when your order is ready.
5	One of the main reasons I love staying at PH..convenient location to Earl AND Wicked Spoon.You must have their Earl Club and the Full Montagu..MUST ORDER! So delicious you would swear that Harry Potter himself conjured it up with some Defense Against the Dark Arts spell. Why Dark Arts? Because this sandwich is deadly for your spring break diet.Their sandwiches are like nicotine (although I can't say really 'cause I've never smoked in my life). It's like you HAVE to stop by every time you come to Vegas. I come here so often that I know exactly how much my order will cost.Cup of Chicken Noodle Soup (marvelous after-draaanking)Earl Club= $9.71Pregame. Club. PH. Earl's. Vitamin before bed. KO. You won't be sorry!
5	that's a damn good sandwich! it's the bread I tell ya, it's just soooooooo yummy and toasty and yummy good. If I were to give up carbs altogether, this place would be my cheat, I loved Earl so much that I went there twice in one day, in the morning for breakfast and again for an after-drinking meal. I had the Full Montagu, the Earl of Club and the Italian. The Full Montagu was delish but the Earl of Club was phenomenol (they're hefty btw) and these panini type sandwiches are worth every calorie. The price is also a great selling point too, $5.99 on the strip is a steal! A sandwich, drink, and chips is around $10. Love it! Oh and sweet cream brownie are plus points while you're waiting for your food. =)
5	Earl of Sandwich is one of God's finer gifts to the Las Vegas Strip. In fact, I would make the four hour drive from LA to Vegas JUST for a warm, toasty, cheesy Full Montagu. The best part is a sandwich is almost half the price of a bottle of water at any of the nearby clubs. I've made it my life mission to keep writing strongly worded emails to whomever owns this wonderful chain until they agree to open a location across the street from my apartment in Hollywood.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! Earl of Sandwich is a MUST when in Vegas! Their sandwiches and soups are delicioussss. Sandwiches are around $6 which is not bad at all! They come out fresh and hot HOT! But it gets better...the place is open 24 hours!! Perfect for a late night snack. Don't be discouraged if you see a long line. It goes by pretty fast and it'll all be worth it when you sit down to enjoy your sandwich. Can't wait for them to open up in Downtown Disney!!
4	After seeing so many people review them on Yelp, I was stoked to finally check out Earl of Sandwich.  From the way people hand them five stars and how they've earned about 1,800 reviews, it's like they're sandwich royalty!When a couple of my friends and I stopped by to grab a quick dinner before meeting with everyone else, we fully expected to run into a line.  Given their popularity, we figured it wouldn't be a question of "if" there would be a wait, but "how long", especially since we were going around 7:00.  Much to our surprise, there wasn't a single person ahead of us when we got there.  Score!  Since my friend and I both wanted to try a couple of their sandwiches, we decided to get two different types to share.  While she ordered The Original 1762 (Roast Beef, Sharp Cheddar, and Horseradish Sauce), I ordered the Italian (Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, and Italian Dressing).  Even though I tried to set aside any expectations I had, it was tough trying to block out the reviews I read.  While the sandwiches were decent, they fell a little short for me.  With all the hype though, it was bound to happen.- The Original 1762 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=REJJpOEpwaK0fLvh-bKn0g) - it's essentially a roast beef sandwich, but its simplicity worked.  The roast beef and sharp cheddar were nice, but it was the horseradish sauce that did it for me - potent enough for a kick, but not enough to be harsh.  I wish the meat had been a little more medium rare than medium though.  - Italian (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=k8Po4fzJS9cgJcYsOdhfrw) - okay, but I think the Hot Italian at JJ Boulangerie at the Paris hotel is better (and bigger).  I liked the blend of flavors from the meat, but it was hard to separate them out.  The Roma tomatoes added some freshness, but I could have used less of them.  Ditto for the Italian Dressing.Regardless of anything else, Earl is an especially budget friendly option given its location on the Strip (sandwiches were about $7.00 each).  Plus points as well for being open 24 hours - way better for late night munchies than the 24 cafe at Paris or the bar at Bally's.  For those reasons, I'm rounding up from THREE AND A HALF to four.  Had we actually gone then (drunk) instead of for dinner (sober), I probably would have loved Earl of Sandwich.  Instead, depending on the sandwich I want, I might lean towards JJ Boulangerie instead and save my Earl trips for post drinking/clubbing adventures.
5	Bomb sandwich. No review here can explain the wholesome deliciousness of their sandwiches. Stop reading. Get in your car and drive to Vegas. I mean it. NOW.
5	Have to say I love love love this place. It was so yummy. And cheap! And quite hefty! Where can you get that on the strip?! It's the perfect cure to a hangover, at least it was for me, and it's the perfect thing to eat after a night out. I tried their Full Montagu and their Club. I have to say they were yummy in the tummy goodness. It's their bread that makes it so awesome! If I didn't do breakfast at the buffet there, I would've just asked for their bread toasted lol. Also, their desserts are yummy. I was eyeing their sweet cream brownie and was not going to get it cause I'd rather save my calories for my drinking, but my friend got one and I decided to have a piece and it was so yummy that a piece ended up being like half the brownie lol. I will so need to go here every time I'm in town after a night out :P
4	the full montagu versus the original earl's?the montagu all the way!
5	Finally got to try out the Earl and see what all the buzz is about.  Got there late in the afternoon and there was a line about 25 people long and extended into the mall.  The good news is the line actually moves pretty quick.  We were worried there wouldn't be a place to sit but a huge group of asian girls got up just as we entered the not large enough seating area.  in fact our buzzer range telling us our sandwiches were ready before we even sat down.. that was FAST.  I had the hawaiian which was really good.  Size wise.. it's not a large sandwich, and if you're super hungry get two, but honestly I think the size is good.  The sandwich was yummy and the bread was wonderful as others have mentioned.  Every time I walked by there was a huge line.. no doubt thanks to Yelp.  But vegas needs more cheap/good eats like this.  6$ sanwiches and open 24 hours???5 Stars!!
5	Awesome food and open all night. Coming to Downtown Disney in Anaheim this year...cannot wait
5	Salutations yelpy yelpertons... ok, if you think you have tasted the best sandwich in your life... and HAVEN'T had Earl of Sandwich , not only are you wrong, but you should probably kill yourself from sheer embarrassment... nah, thats a little out of line for your wrongness, but this place has an All American sandwich that is very fitting for me, similar to my phone, the Droid "Incredible"... Line goes fast, open all hours, and there is a girl named Annie that works there; she is the hottest girl in Vegas... no diggity, no doubt... I'm glad they didn't name it Duke of Hoagie too.Earl of Sandwich, I salute you.... twice!
5	You don't have to be drunk to appreciate something as good as Earl's...But of course being drunk will make it more fun, and there is a Fat Tuesdays right around the corner inside Miracle Miles my sober friends.  Take it with a couple extra shots, sip away, and you'll be all good....Geez, this is supposed to be a sandwich review right?  Iono... from the looks of it, I'd say it's pretty clear already why Earl's is one of the top sandwich destinations of the world.  You're probably thinking... "the World?!"  ...Oh come on, it's Vegas.  The world here is your playing ground, so long as you don't max out your credit cards and slip all those $20s away on Blackjack.So ladies and gentlemen, Full Montagu all the way... full speed ahead.This sandwich will make you crave for more.  The bread is delicious in itself (toasted to perfection), and the hot insides of roast beef and mustard... to die for.  It is a medley of flavors in your mouth, and well worth the affordable price of around $7.  You can win that money in a round of craps.  I dare ya!So whether you are sober, piss drunk or mildly tipsy off that virgin margarita (your secret's safe with me), Earl has a  sandwich for everyone, and is not to be missed.  You don't need to spend $39 at a buffet to have a real damn good meal in Sin City.
5	mmm.. I'm wanting another tuna melt just thinking about writing this review! *droool! AHH! anyways..Located in the miracle mile shopping center (closest to the casino!), this place is definitely a gem! For just 5.99$ you'll get yourself a delicious sandwich (their sandwiches are kind of a panini/subway mix) of your choice and you can't really beat that unless you step off the strip! It was NOT busy when we went (2pm-ish?)The Food: I tried the +_Caribbean Jerk Chicken (it came with chicken, red/banana peppers, and spicy jerk sauce.) It was alllllright.. It was exactly what I expected but nothing that would keep me ordering more.+_TUNA MELT. (Albacore tuna with aged swiss.) OMG! MUST TRY. My boyfriend and I ended up getting an extra sandwich to split for the drive home and b-b-boy am i glad that we did! I had it when we got home and that aged swiss really REALLY makes the difference! It just raised the bar for future tuna melts from anywhere else!+_Earl's Club sandwich (Turkey, bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, and tomatoes dressed with sandwich sauce.) This was the boyfriend's sandwich and I was lucky I got to take one bite! HAHA he was finished with his sandwich wayy before I was!+_Potato Salad ($2) It was mehh. it was missing something.+_Macaroni Salad ($2) Too muchh mayo for me.. another meh.I can't wait to try all the other sandwiches!
5	DELICIOUS!!! Was there for a late-night (actually very early morning) meal, and it was simply scrumptious! Wish there were more of these around!
4	Yummmm....so good!
5	HOLY MOLY WITH A BIG BOWL OF RAVIOLI AND A FATTY CANNOLI! This place is the bomb-diggity.com! Best place to eat when you can't decide where to eat, and also if you need to fill up quick and cheap!Service is surprisingly quick, what with how many people line up here, and the sandwiches are to droooooooool for! I had 2 sandwiches a day for the 4 days that I was in Vegas because I just could not get enough. The bread is the centerpiece of this wonderful shabang of awesomeness, and it's just perfectly crunchy and soft on the inside.I had the Holiday Turkey (OMGAGA) sandwich over the holiday season, and it was like the Venus di Milo of sandwiches! It was turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and like special mayo all wrapped up in that delicious bread.The Full Montague, the Ham and Swiss breakfast sandwich, and the Cannonball sub, are all close seconds.Definitely come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after-dinner!
3	I got the BLT, which was like any other BLT, but I give props to the soft and toasted bread!  That's all.Potato soup-ok, but wasn't even that warm!  Chicken noodle soup-standard.  Salad-standard.  The dressing and cheese helped a lot.Overall, it's pretty good and there was seating for our group of 7, but nothing too amazing.
3	Where were all these people coming from?!?!  We were starving and had decided a quick sandwich was the way to go.  Unfortunately the line was wrapped out and around and we didn't feel like waiting.  My bad-that wait was indicative of the wait for food throughout Vegas.  After trying several other places we came back defeated and this time the line was greatly reduced-only about 25 people deep.  Best hot sandwich?  Hardly.  But a decent sandwich for a decent price with good bread.  *personal gripe-is there really a need for HFCS in the mac salad?!?!
3	Their sandwich helped me transition quickly from "HUNGover" to food coma + Family Guy episodes.It didn't taste very good, but it did the trick at a low price.
4	One word: ADDICTED.I have to have the tuna melt if I'm ever nearby and I  always order a bunch to take back with me to orange county. Thank goodness there's news of one being opened at downtown disney in the near future! The bread is just so delicious and the amount of tuna that gets sandwiched in between is perfect. My mouth waters every time I think about it. I didn't understand why my friends would bring back so many sandwiches whenever they came back from Vegas, but now I completely understand. It's nothing like any tuna sandwich I've ever had!
5	YUM! The hype IS correct :)I came here with my boyfriend around 2 on a sunday afternoon. It had quite a lengthy line, but it moved quickly. They have an amazing system. Once you order, you pay, then receive a buzzer. Ours buzzed less than five minutes after! We ordered the tuna melt, full montagu, and classic. (original?) All extremely delicious and perfectly created. Overall, love the efficiency, love the food, love the prices, and love the ambiance of the place. (it's VEGAS after all :)PLUS IT'S 24 HOURS!AND it's coming to downtown disney soon! super excited :) Even more reason to go to disneyland every day ;)
4	Wow, what a great find! Was looking for a good sandwich for lunch and this place kept popping up as recommended places on several sites.  The Wiconson Cheese soup is awesome! And the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken sandwich, WOW!!! It has grilled chicken, stacked sliced ham, pineapple slices, swiss cheese and BBQ sauce. Juicy goodness!! They are open 24 hours which is great too. They have alot of sandwiches to choose from. Think I am going back before I leave town.
3	Not sure what all the fuss is here. I saw tons of 4 and 5 star reviews, but the Original roast beef sandwich was nothing spectacular. It wasn't entirely hot when I got it, plus their wasn't much flavor to the meat. I had to smother it in Grey Poupon to get some taste.The Wisconsin cheddar soup was pretty good, but I wasn't entirely convinced that it didn't just come from some can.One major plus, the food was relatively cheap, with good portions, which is hard to come by in Vegas.Perhaps that explains all the high reviews.
4	Yup... VEGAS MAN! Seriously... Earl of Sanwich kept me alive for all 4 days in vegas! Never got sick of it... and always carving for some Earls! I'm carving some right now! Oh, too bad I'm in California! :(
4	Ate too much for lunch and wanted just a snack so I went on Saturday night, ordered the Full Montagu, it was very good. There was a line but it moved quickly.  Wasn't sure where in Planet Hollywood Casino it was located but found it right off the Las Vegas Blvd entrance.  Wish they had one closer to my home in So Cal now.  I hear we get one for Downtown Disney this summer can't wait.
5	Best HOT Veggie Sandwich I've ever had. I can't wait for the one by my house to open!
4	My sister and I had headed over to Planet Hollywood to try Earl of Sandwich on Saturday afternoon as we wanted something close by and not terribly expensive. Despite the massive line that greeted us when we arrived, it actually moved quickly and we waited for no more than 10-15 minutes before we were able to place our order. My caprese sandwich was really good. I wasn't sure about it being classified as a "hot sandwich" on the menu when I ordered it (not really a fan of warm tomatoes) but it was really tasty. It was warmed just enough to crisp the bread and make the mozzarella even more tender. My sister loved her Earl's Club (turkey, bacon, cheese) as well. For the two sandwiches, two cookies, and two sodas, our bill was $21 which is not a bad price at all, especially since we left satisfied and full. Since this is such a popular place, seating can be tricky to find, so be patient. Thankfully it's just a sandwich place, so turnover at the tables is pretty good as long as people don't linger once they are done. For a reasonable priced and good lunch in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a great option.
5	I come here once or twice every time I go to Vegas. I switch off between the Earl's Club and the Italian. I always get a tomato soup because they put croutons in it and it tastes like magic. I usually take a bite of the sandwich and then drink a spoonful of the soup. If no one's looking, I use my sandwich as a spoon.Sometimes there's a line but the service is usually really fast anyway.
5	UM DAMN.24hours.hella bomb. hella fresh.I enjoyed the meaty one and the signature sandwich.
5	this is a must have if you're staying at PH/Towers. i ate here three times last weekend...the club sandwhich is so good. the potato salad is delish...next time i'll have to try the desserts which look very dirrrty (yummy).
4	Can't beat the value.  We're talking $6 for a sandwich on the STRIP.  Impossible???  Well it exists.  Sampled a few sandwiches with the girls.  Montague was meh.  But the Carribean Jerk Chicken made my taste buds tingle.  The sauce was perfect to give moisture to the chicken.  With that extra spicy kick. how can I ever resist?  I also really like the bread that the sandwich comes on.  It's Crispy and light.  YUMMMMMM!  They are quick and efficient.
5	If you found this place. You just hit the JACKPOT! Their sandwiches are to die for! luckily enough for me, they're building an earl sandwich at downtown disney right next to my house! Don't need to drive all the way up to Vegas for these babies anymore. But hey.... who wouldn't just wanna go to Vegas anyways? Lol. Well, Lemme describe these babies in words you'll understand. The bread is toasted so perfectly, a little crunchy on the tip of the outside but soft on the inside. You can feel a LITTLE bit of greasyness but just a little, that's what makes it so good. Practically all the ones i tried was pretty good. But my favorite would still have to be the Turkey/Bacon Sandwich. Okay guys, I must cut this review short. I'm gonna drive to Vegas right now on a mission for some heavenly sandwiches, bye!!!
5	Every single time i'm in Vegas, earl of sandwich is a must!They are open 24 hours and no matter what time you get asandwich, it is hot, made fresh and is just amazing. I always get "the original" roast beef with swiss and horseradish sauce.The roast beef always tastes fresh and juicy and the whole combination ofthe crispy toasted bread, meat, cheese, horseradish. ($7)The line goes by fast and I recommend you get your drinks from the casino firstso you have it while waiting for your food and beats paying the amount they sell abeer for here. Also, the frozen lemonade is so fresh tasting and is really refreshing when you are dehydrating! Ghiradelli brownie ice cream sandwiches for dessert because I binge eat when i'm in Vegas. hehe. :]
4	Went here based on the recommendations here.  Again, Yelpers know their sandwiches (see Mulligans in Boston).  I went with the recommendation of the cashier and got the Jerk Chicken.  It was yummy.  My only regret is that we went to Earl of Sandwich on our last day in Vegas and I couldn't return for another sandwich.  Well worth dealing with the crowds at Planet Hollywood to get a delicious sandwich.  Seating is plentiful, service is good.
5	Oh Earl, how I love thee...let me count the ways. I am truly convinced that there is crack in their bread. How else can their sandwiches be so good?! Sure, fresh ingredients and all that, but let's be honest...there's something else going on there...Note, I was not drunk or even slightly inebriated when I had it this time and STILL found it absolutely amazing. GO. What are you waiting for?!
5	I always get the tuna melt here whenever I am in Vegas or when my boyfriend is in Vegas. Super yummy. Consistent taste. When you go, there will probably be a line, but don't worry you probably won't be in line for long because the staff at Earl's works fast! Def try this place when you are in the area!I can't wait until the location at Disneyland opens
4	you honestly CANNOT go wrong with earls!my friends and i always stop by earls everytime we're in vegas! the sandwiches are delish and what makes earls better? THE PRICE! haha its affordable AND super good! there's a lot of choices to choose from but you can't really go wrong with the caribbean jerk chicken, hawaiian bbq, and earl's cobb warp! oh and i recommend trying the potato salad with your sandwich! makes your meal THAT much better :)
3	I don't get the hype.  It's ok.  Nothing special.  For a Vegas spot located inside a casino, it is a pretty good price though.  Overall, it's just eeh.
4	Delicious sandwiches. Tasty at any time of the day. Whether you're sober or drunk! The only one I don't like is Caribbean Chicken... The other ones are all pretty good. Seriously, even the veggie sandwich is deelish! One of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've tasted!!
4	Open 24 hours it doesnt matter what time it is cause the taste is amazing anytime. the line gets pretty long out of nowhere, but it moves along quite fast, i always get the earl club and i must add the frozen lemonade is one of the best ive had. can never go wrong with stopping by here for a good meal
5	HOLY MOTHER OF SANDWICH. This place is amazeballs!!!! My girlfriend and I actually found it by accident, after a long night out & putting our friends to bed, wandering around our hotel casino and looking for food. We were directed here and thank goodness for that because we were starved. I had the BLT and my girlfriend had the Club, easily the BEST sandwich I've ever had! We ended up making it our nightly routine for the weekend - go out to the club, drink our faces off, go back to the hotel, GET A SANDWICH! Made my night every night. Over the course of the weekend we also had the soup, brownies, and chicken caesar salad. Everything was hot, fresh, and made quickly. It was super busy every time we went (including the first night at 4:30AM), but our food came out pretty quickly and we never left hungry. Not to mention the price was extremely good for what you get! On our way home we all commented on how we wished they had this place in Calgary! Until next time Earl...
5	Best late night (and cheap) sandwiches ever for those staying at or near PH. After a fun night of partying, my friends and I came here around 230AM for soup & sandwiches. Most of the sandwiches are $6-7 only - WHERE ELSE CAN YOU GET THAT IN VEGAS?I had the Earl's club sandwich, and inhaled the entire thing instantly.
5	Best sandwhices ever! also the best bang for your back in the entire Vegas area. . If I'm in Vegas I will always come here at least once. Mmmazing! The club, the full montagu, and the american are the dankest most delicious scrumptious sandwiches that man has ever created.
5	I'm not usually a sandwich type of girl... but thinking about Earl's sandwiches makes my mouth water. AND IT'S CHEAP!Venue: Open restaurant inside planet Hollywood. Usually a line starts to form but it goes quickly.Service: this was more of a self serve place.Food: The Original 1762 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=OXYqiE37XqVBET_wXqWDJg) - $5.99 I know the picture does not do the sandwiches any justice... but its sooo good. Freshly Roasted Beef, Sharp Cheddar & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. The horseradish gives it a little kick but isn't too spicy. They also add whole mustard seeds which was interesting. The sandwich roll they use makes this sandwich 10 times better! Kind of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.. not too thick or too thin.Caprese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=kbo_2il3g8YPi_LPHmPcpA) - $5.99 Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette. I usually like mozzarella tomato combination and its especially  tasty on the bread roll they used! Price: Cheap!Overall: A great place for a quick lunch or snack. Don't under estimate this sandwich shop. Definitely a MUST HAVE at every vegas visit!They also have cheap breakfast sandwiches for $3.99.
3	This place is alright. Not too sure what all the hype is about? It's just a fancier version of Subway in my opinion. Definitely wouldn't wait in the long line for this, but it's cheap, so I see the enticementI tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and The Original 1762, both were just alright
4	When I rate restaurants, I take into consideration the options in the area and the price for what you get. Not only is it a good sandwich, you are paying clearance prices given where you are at. Located on the strip in Planet Holleywood, you cannot find a satifying meal for the price. I'm normally not a sandwich fan because of how dry it is, but I don't get that way with Earls. The toasted bread and taste of the sandwich make for a good meal. One weekend, all I ate was Earls (not recommended). A great lunch place for frequent Vegas go-ers at a good price. If you only come to Vegas every so often and don't care about price, this is not for you. There are plenty of 5 star restaurants all over Vegas.
4	This sandwich shop is a blessing!  To be so convenient with hours of operation and low priced quality food, I can see why this place is a staple for many visitors (on the strip). On my last visit, I had the cob wrap....which was decent. Cranberries and bacon made this wrap. The Full Montagu was good.  It was busy with lots of flavors.  But my favorite has to be The Original.  The warm horseradish sauce totally compliments the taste and tenderness of the roast beef.  And on a cold day in Vegas, their Broccoli and Cheddar Soup hits the spot!It's too bad there are no locations near where I live.  I guess a Vegas trip should be planned soon.
5	I came to Vegas for a night and had dinner here, a midnight snack, and breakfast.  We had the original, hawaiin, and bacon and egg.  They were all good.  The main things that stick out is that the fresh bread is good, it is very good value, and it's fast.I can't wait for them to open one up her in SoCal!
5	I need to kick myself for not writing a review about this place earlier. If you're looking for a pheNOMenal sammich in Sin City, this is the place to visit. My first one back in January brought me to their Original 1762, with roast beef, sharp cheddar, and creamy horseradish. Absolutely incredible! Since then, I also tried their Earl's Club and Chinese Chicken Salad. The Club was great (you can never go wrong with bacon in a sandwich), but I highly suggest to request the dressing on the side when ordering any of their salads. Even though I mixed it pretty well, it seemed like majority of it appeared more than halfway into eating it. It grossed me out and sadly, I had to throw it out. But despite that, I'll always think of Earl's as a reasonable and tasty option when in Sin City. Ugh, I'm craving one now!
4	Yummmm....I got the club & it was good!
5	If you don't want to pay $20+ for a meal in Vegas than this is where need to go!!!!!! I randomly decided to try Earl of Sandwich and it was the best decision EVER!!!!!
3	they make a decent sandwich for the price.. the bread is excellent.. but it's really not worth coming here if you're sober as there are plenty of better dining options nearby
5	Awesome sandwiches!
5	So good for a sandwich spot! I usually stick to "The Original" which is the roast beef sandwich, because I love it so much! My friend LOVES the Tuna Melt. But I doubt any of their other sandwiches would be a disappointment. Although there is a line most of the time, it goes by fast and there are usually always some open tables. Vegas sandwich at its best!
5	The last couple times I've stayed at Planet Hollywood I've stopped by here to grab a sandwich to go for the roadtrip back to LA.  The sandwiches here are always delicious and everything goes together so well.  The bread is awesome, the meat is plentiful and the sauce compliments everything perfectly.  They heat it up, so by the time I'm on the road it's no longer warm, but that's ok because everything melts together and the heat blends all the flavors together so well.  Conveniently located near the casino.  Highly recommended, quick, inexpensive and a special treat for us LAers who don't have one of these.
4	This is our favorite stop during our Tour De Vegas. We came here twice cause they're healthy(?) and open late. This was our first pick upon arrival and last pick before departure. It's fast and yum. First round - tried their cobb wrap but it's heavy!! Don't put in cheese squares like you would in a salad. Each square was a size of a knuckle mixed in with cranberries, romaine lettuce, roasted chicken, smoked bacon and ranch dressing. This yells M'ehrica.  Few days later before our flight - We battle malnutrition and we stopped by again for fast and good filling food. I had the Medditerranean tuna salad which was awesome. It's pretty much a tuna salad with cucumbers and an extra mediterranean flare of feta cheese, roasted bell pepper, kalamata olives (obviously that's not all) and other things that I can't remember during our vegas trip. jkConveniently, Earl is placed to our other tourist stop --The Sugar factory. Don't mind if we do guys. We're here anyway right? So this is another way a girl can get her expensive lollipop action on for dessert -- without driving dates crazy for another tourist-y pitstop.
5	Cheap, fast, and delicious! A great place to save some money when you're getting sick of spending too much in Vegas.
5	Earl of Sandwich...mmm...so good...We live in a time when most everything is all about the hype and thus marked up several times in Vegas, especially on the strip.  What a wonderful feeling it was to discover this casual sandwich spot located inside Planet Hollywood.   It is quick, easy, delicious, satisfying and cheap!!!  $5.99 for any sandwich, wrap or salad! Yes, true!I love love their BLT.  The Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and Tuna Melt are also very popular and delicious.  It's their warm, soft bread that really steps their sandwiches a notch above most others. Their salads are not so good so unless you're seriously allergic to bread or something, try a sandwich. Best of all, it's open 24/7 as it should be in this town!
4	Want to know what the best tasting thing in Vegas is at 3:30AM after hours of sinister fun? The Full Montagu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=0hAaWj1C6H_DdxKTKrNxvA    As you can see, The Full Montagu is not an adult themed show featuring scantly clad sexy boys shaking their junk for the masses. This Full Montagu is a big, warm, mouthwatering sandwich packed with freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, Roma tomatoes and Earl's Mustard Sauce (I also add banana peppers). This sandwich is perfect. It's salty. It's sweet and because I added peppers, it's also slightly spicy. And the bread it's served on, oh that bread is great too. Lightly toasted on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Besides the FM, Earl also has a good amount of other amazing tasting sandwiches, both hot and cold, like their Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Cannonballs, both of which I sampled before (at the location in FL).  They also have salads, wraps, chips, tasty desserts and even breakfast Sammie's http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=bcK75Axd_C6o9qCvSOe-pwThe Vegas location of Earl is conveniently located inside the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino and is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Freaking sweet. And last but not least, the prices here are super cheap, which is also a major plus in case you pulled a Clark Griswold and lost your life savings at the blackjack tables and only have a few bucks left to your name. I love Vegas Vacation. It's hilarious. Anyways, to sum it all up ya gotta check out Earl of Sandwich while you're in LV. It rocks! Oh, and Eugine, baby, I thought of your handsome mug every time I walked by Earl.
5	Yum!! This place has delicious sandwiches with great prices and plenty of seats! It's hard to find a decently priced good tasting sandwiches in las vegas but this was definitely one of my top choices! I'm doing lent this year so it was very difficult to find a restaurant that offered food which was decent to eat and reasonably priced but Earl of Sandwich definitely did it! I got the vegetarian sandwich ( with no cheese) and it was delicious! The bread they toast and use is very good as well! Will definitely eat here again!
5	I don't even need to review this place, as 1850 other ppl will vouch that this place is awesome.It's the best of both worlds between choosing cheap fast food, and expensive sit down restaurants.Long lines disappear real quick, so it's always worth the wait! Plus all sandwiches are 5.99 and the soups are yum yum so delicious! My must haves are of course, the "Earl" sandwich, and a cup of Broccoli Cheese soup..SO good for hangovers.
3	Good sandwich and its open late. We like to go here when we are on the Strip and walking around at night. There is usually a line and sometimes seating can be a challenge, but thats only because its busy. The cost isn't bad at all for a place on the strip (go to Pinks outside and you will pay more for a Hotdog)It isn't a culinary masterpiece rather a good sandwich wrapped in a nice warm roll. I would also suggest adding a brownie to your meal as they are very good. All in all, its better then Subway, cheaper then Pinks and a hell of a lot of fun watching the drunks stumble through the casino.
5	Located inside Planet Hollywood, the Earl of Sandwich is a great place for sandwiches. :)If you go around thanksgiving, try out the Thanksgiving sandwich--OMG.All other sandwiches are great, too. And yes, in case you are wondering, I have tried them all.Open 24/7 and very good prices.
3	Great tasting sandwiches at a decent price. They will leave you satisfied without being stuffed. They are open pretty late so it's a good place to come when your buzzed.
5	I ended up going here twice.  The first time I went around 1:30 in the afternoon and there was no line and I got my sandwich before I had the chance to sit down.  The second time I went around noon and had to wait in line, but it still only took about 5 minutes to receive my order.I like this place because it is cheap for Las Vegas and it is so good.  I got 'The Original 1762' the first time and then I got 'The Full Montagu' the second time.  Both sandwiches were delicious and filling.  I even decided to try out the tomato soup on my second trip and was not disappointed.Overall, this is a must try for anyone and is especially great if you prefer to lose all your money gambling instead of on food.
3	Tuna Salad melt -- add banana peppers.  I'd go back for this...French Dip -- very sad, particularly when compared to the tuna melt.close to the casino with a line out the door that makes you want to bail - but it moved quickly.
5	So many raving reviews that we just had to check it out. We arrived at around lunch time (12:30 pm) and the line was super long.  We waited about 15 minutes in line to place our orders.  They had a decent size menu with a variety of choices.  The price was very affordable at $5.99 for a hot sandwich or wrap.  Their service can be improved because the cashier was definitely not helpful. But at least the food came out fast and fresh. Hawaiian BBQ: If you like ham and pineapple this is definitely a top choice.  The bread was perfectly toasted like a panini and the BBQ flavor was sweet and flavorful.  The Full Montagu: Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, Roma tomato, and Earl's mustard. This one tasted like a classic sandwich.  It was hot, fresh, and of great quality.  It wasn't greasy, but delicious.  However, it doesn't have the unique flavors of the Hawaiian BBQ.Overall: Probably the cheapest, yummiest, and most convenient food spots in Vegas!
5	Great sandwiches at a low price. It's so refreshing to find a place that is light on the wallet without being light on the taste. Breakfast, sandwiches, soups, salads, desserts and beverages. What else could you ask for? Breakfast was $3.99 for an egg, cheddar, and ham sandwich on  warm, soft, toasted bread. The bread really makes their sandwiches. Lunch we had the creamy tomato soup ($3.99) which was great. It really was creamy with a nice amount of herbs, garlic and croutons. For sandwiches we tried the Italian (awesome), the club (great), the Full Montagu (good), and the Caprese (tasty, but not my favorite compared to the others). $5.99 for those.  Once again, the bread makes it.What's really cool is everything is packaged to go (including the soup) so it's easy to carry back to the room or to find a place to sit as they have quite a bit of seating.For tasty, cheap eats, this is a must stop.
5	This is my favorite sandwich place to eat when I come to Las Vegas. I have never had a bad sandwich and their soup is delicious!  The price is perfect. Me and my boyfriend come for dinner and it's under $20. The thanksgiving sandwich they had during the holidays was by far my favorite. They should serve it year round! A must go to when in Vegas and its open 24 hours!
4	Earl of sandwich has the best sandwiches. No matter what you get you going to be fully satisfied. Great fresh sandwiches at good prices. I had the OG earl, Cesar wrap and BBQ and they are all very good. The only bad thing is that there is not a Earl of sandwich by my house.
4	mmmmmmmmmmmm good! cheap eats for sure. I picked up two sandwiches this time, the club and hawaiin bbq. both were bomb
5	ONE OF THE BEST DAMN SANDWICHES I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!!I think they sprinkle crack in these things cuz i could have gotten and polished off 2!Lets see where do I start,Price is about $5.99 per sand which they have other things on the menu but that's what we went forConvenience - OPEN 24 HRS A DAY EVERYDAY!!! need i say more.. I Had the 1972, AMAZING, my friends had the Full Montagu and the Meat ball... those were D Lish too!!!The Earls Lemonade is their take on an Arnold Palmer, super yummy!I so wish they had one in California near me - dang would be there at least once a week!!!The flavors of the sand which pop in your mouth, the bread is so fluffy yet crispy and the size is just right.It's in the Mile shops right next to Planet Hollywood, everything is packaged to go so you can eat it there or take it with you! I suggest eating it there while its piping hot!!!Oh yes i will be back!
5	I agree with 99% of what other people review about Earl Sandwich! Their sandwich is fresh and delicious. The other thing that amazed me the most is how affordable it is - especially in vegas. If you ever lose all your money from gambling and end up going to McDonald, chipotle, or Panda express, well screw that shit...Make a trip to Earl for a fresh, delicious, and healthier sandwich for less than $7!!! To Earl of Sandwich: you guys straight up have almost 2000 reviews and have already proven a point to the rest of the eating places in vegas!!!! Good Job and keep up the good work!!!!
5	EARLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Heavenly hot sandwiches...and the bread...THE BREAD!!!!! So soft...yet crispy...Since I discovered Earl's about 2 trips ago, I've made eating at Earl's mandatory while in Vegas. I will pester my friends to go every other meal. For $6 a sandwich, it is an absolute STEAL. If the $6 price tag isn't enough to convince you to come, they are also DELICIOUS. The Original, Full Montagu...they're all FANTASTIC.And they're open 24/7! But it does tend to get crowded at peak eating hours.I have joked to my friends about opening up an Earl's franchise location in California...but little do they know I am not joking...
4	Ok Ok I see what others are saying about this place,..the Earl Of Sandwich is really good!!...I wouldn't say made from heaven but @ 3:13 am after partying with the fellaz and PLENTY of alcohol this sandwich tasted like it was made from the Messiah himself!..lol Recommend if you stay at PH Towers or whatever their new name is now, you try it! Prices are great, you can get a hot sandwich or cold and even if your being an asshole in the wee hours of  the night/morning they still treat you with respect and just ignores your dumb-ass and makes your sandwich right!...YEA THAT WAS ME BEING AN ASSHOLE.....Sorry Earl Of Sandwich,..I was hungry, drunk and couldn't find you guys for what seemed like forever!..lol
5	Best Sandwiches I have Ever Tasted!And I'm a sandwich freak lolSo many different combinations you just don't know what to choose.It's fast, perfectly grilled, big enough to satisfy you and yummy!!!!It beats every place in both cali and nevada The staff is friendly and efficient.The wait was very short, even though there were tons of ppl here. On my stay in Vegas I eat here twice and I have no complains.I can't wait until they open in Downtown Disney.I'm counting down the months :)
3	This is a good place to eat at if you don't have a car to get off of the strip to find cheaper food.   A sandwich is about 6 bucks here and that doesn't include chips and a drink.   The Full Montagu is great but a little on the small side for what you pay.  I would say the sandwich is about 4.5 to 5 inches.   The restaurant is easy to find.  It's off of the casino in Planet Hollywood.  My only complaint is that being so close to the casino there are people smoking in the walkway and that makes for a not so pleasant dining experience for us non-smokers.
5	Probably the best sandwiches in vegas
4	Cheap sandwiches for the strip ($6). Good but greasy. The desserts were overpriced and not very good. Steer clear of the desserts. It's one of the cheapest places on the strip to eat and has decent food so it's pretty packed all the time.
5	I love this place! I don't know if its their style of ordering, the toasty delicious bread, variety of sides & drinks, location of being in Planet Hollywood, service, or just the sandwiches.. But this place is inviting & worth it. Their soups are even good. & they even sell beer!
4	Very good sandwiches, and very cost effective if you don't load up on extras like yogurt, fruit, chips, etc.  It's inside Planet Hollywood, and is a great option, particularly for cheap late-night food with minimal travel involved for those staying in the nearby casino/hotels.
5	I am so glad I ended my Vegas trip eating at Earl of Sandwich, and even more glad that they're opening up a second location in Anaheim. It was delicious and better than what I had expected. I already had seen the reviews, heard the raves about the warm sandwiches from my friend, but it was so delicious that it has to be about the best sandwich ever - and at an affordable price!So Earl's is open 24 hours and is located in Planet Hollywood. I'm sure people flock here after the clubbing events and whatnot - that explains the 24 hours deal. We came here around 12 on a Saturday and there was a long line, but not too long a wait. You basically give your order to the cashier and she gives you a beeper and a receipt where you slide down the counter (watching them make the sandwiches and salads) before you pay at the second cashier. And a few minutes after that, your beeper rings signaling you to pick up your sandwich. There were so many great options that I really wanted to try them all. In the end, I got The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce) and my friend got the Tuna and we traded half. The Club was really good - but what's so great about it is that the bread is warm and crispy, making the sandwich an overall plus. There wasn't too much bacon, but I liked the amount of turkey that was in it. The tuna was also great. The warm bread, a plus, and the tuna salad inside was awesome (better than Subway!). They cut the sandwich for you into a bigger half and a smaller half, but the overall sandwich is not that big. Perhaps about 6 inches. Each is wrapped up in a gold foil with a pretty sticker to differentiate between the various sandwiches. There's a few tables to sit down and eat and relax. For the price of the sandwich (around six/seven dollars), I was pretty pleased. If only they came with some complimentary potato chips on the side :) Can't wait to try the other sandwiches!
3	In terms of value, this place is great.  Very affordable.  Also heard that it's open 24 hours, which is also a plus.Sandwiches were only okay, and they didn't leave my full for too long (I was hungry about 2-3 hours later).  Great place for a quick bite, not intending on going out of my way to come back here though.
3	Hm, not sure why I decided to get a Tuna Melt for my very first Earl's sandwich...It was bread, tuna, and swiss cheese. Something I think I could have easily made myself? I am looking forward to updating this review after I've tried more of their sandwiches. I mean...4.5 stars IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD! But for now...eh. Be Back Laterrrr
5	Whoever decided that this place should be open 24 hours was smart. We got tired of buffets that closed before 10pm, and it didn't make sense for a city that never sleeps to have fast food open only at night. The hot sandwiches were amazing, we ordered their club sandwich and original, with macaroni salad. After driving around looking for decent food that wasn't overpriced, we were really happy. We ate for under $20. I wish that we had heard of this place sooner instead of waste money on overpriced food that left us still hungry! We will definitely be returning!
5	$6.99 for an amazing sandwich in the middle of The Strip when we were surrounded by other places that charge three times that amount for a meal that isn't half as tasty.  Go with the jerked chicken and you'll leave very happy.Open 24 hours.
4	Having eaten at Earl of Sandwich in Orlando before, my husband and I were curious why a simple sandwich place would have such a high rating on Yelp. Well, after our recent trip to Vegas, we ended up eating here 3 times because it was just so easy, tasty, and reasonably-priced by Vegas standards. You really can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, but try some of different sides besides chips. Their soups are delicious and are a pretty good size. I tried the tomato and Wisconsin Cheddar and both were hearty and delish. Their macaroni salad is also good and tastes homemade. The brownie creme sandwich is amaaazing (I love the one with white filling). But my favorite thing to get here is the frozen lemonade - it's tart, refreshing, and a nice break for your liver from all the drinking in Vegas. I wouldn't say this is the best sandwich place I've ever been, but here's why I think it's so popular: for two people you can get a lot of food here for around $20...which, in Vegas, is hard to do. Even Pink's Hot Dogs was a $30+ meal for the two of us and that's just basically fast food. So if you're looking for simple, cheap(ish) eats, go here.
5	Simply perfect. Sandwich. They deliver what they say they do a great tasting sandwich perfectly toasted crisp lettuce nice red tomatoes bread is baked fresh! Moneys worth! Love it!
4	This place is a great and inexpensive place to grab good sandwiches.  In case you've never been here before, you can just follow the long line of people- you order your soup, sandwiches, salads, or wraps at the first register and pick up extra goodies like cookies and pasta salad on the walk to the second register where you pay for everything.  You'll receive pager which will beep when your food's ready.  It can be hard to nab a table here during meal times but it's worth it.I got a chicken salad here since I'm trying to get ready for swim season and it's just not the same as the sandwich.  The chicken is that refrigerated/packaged chicken strips which are kind of spongy and bland.  On the brighter side, the dressing was great and the other toppings like kalamata olives and roasted red peppers were great.  The bf was smart and got the full montegue.  We also ordered the original to go.  Any sandwich here is a must.  Don't try to get something healthier like my salad cuz it just isn't worth it.and for all you lucky LA people... we will be getting one at Downtown Disney soon!!!
5	Probably the best deal you can get in Vegas.  For the price of one hand of blackjack you can get a nice hot sandwich and a full belly.  I came back twice just because I liked it so much.I dug the Veggie (lent) and it was pretty awesome!  I also had the full Montague and it was delish as well.  The meat is perfection, nice and rare and juicy, I just wish I could have a huge pile of the meat!The Caprese was okay, I kinda felt like it was an afterthought.  And their was only one piece of basil for the entire sandwich....I'd skip that one next time.Someone should open up a franchise in LA because it would make a killing.
5	Not going to lie, I ate here 3 times in a 3 day stay in Vegas. Great at all hours of the day/night!
5	Holly crap....that was the BEST TUNA MELT I've ever had in my entire life. It had the texture of a crab, flaky yet delicate. Oh I can't wait to go back. I should've bought 10 more for the trip back to the Bay. But I probably would've eaten all of it in the car.
3	I usually like this place... For some reason yesterday it just felt overrated... I've written that on two restaurants from one trip and I'm starting to reconsider trusting yelp for Vegas finds... It feels like most of the reviews are swayed by the drunkenness of the situation. I ordered the original- the bread was good the mustard was good but the roast beef was impossible to eat. While I likes the thick cut of it it was hard to take a bite without pulling the remaining roast beef out of your sandwich... And since Earl's is an open restaurant you don't want the rest of vegas watching you struggle with a sandwichI thought maybe I was the only one who felt that...but the other girls I ate with all thought it was overrated.Overall, it's a good deal for vegas, but not worthy the hype.
4	Affordable. Delicious. Open Late. Not a fan of the workers.  the food is amazing so I'd love to return the next time im in vegas. it was perfect after clubbing and as a late night snack.! sandwiches are very well portioned, tasty, melts in your mouth, and definitely flavorful !
3	More hype than anything.  It tastes like any other sandwich from a DECENT deli.  Out of convenience, it's probably one of the easier things to eat after clubbing or something.  I've had the Hawaiian, some kind of BBQ one, and the roast beef.  All seemed okay to me.  Didn't make me want to go out of my way or jump for joy to get one.  It's a good sandwich, indeed.  Not really what people have made it to be.
3	I heard that Earl has the best sandwiches in town, and I finally made it back to Vegas to give it a whirl. Kudos for the fast lines and quick service. As for the sandwich itself, I didn't think it was anything special. It's bready and there wasn't enough meat. Also a bit small. I had the full montague and cannonballs. I'll stick to the secret pizza for my midnight snacking.
5	Must admit, this place does it stuff good, but I did only try two things. I got the tuna sandwich because my friend told me to. I asked for extra lettuce and tomatoes, but they were kinda skimpy on that. One thing I don't like is that they don't ask what toppings you want on your sandwich. I want me more veggies, goddarnittt!!! :-P But the sandwich was tasty. Good size for me, but I was surprised my boyfriend or any guy would be satiated by a sandwich this size. My boyfriend enjoyed the Earl's Club so much he ordered it both times we went.Second time, I got the tomato soup. OOooooo my god. It was savory yet sweet and creamy and piping hot. The croutons they put in there stay crisp on the inside, although I wish they didn't put the croutons in before you even open your soup. Good price for Vegas and good taste. I'm joining the Earl's fans.Honestly wish I could have had it one last time before I left Vegas...
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! They make awesome sandwiches.  I really think its their bread.  I ordered the Earl's Club which I always order when I go and it has been always YUMMY. My hubby has tried several of their other sandwiches and has never had any complaint.  Why I only gave four stars is because of the people taking my order.  They have never been friendly. Always seem to have the look of "I want to be anywhere but here".  If I had a question or wanted to change the cheese they offered on the sandwich it seemed like I just another anoying customer they had to deal with.
5	Best sandwich spot ever! Great price, love the original Earl sandwich, and the tuna. I tried many others and they are all great!
4	As others have said - one of the best values on the strip. $6 for a great tasting sandwich, and they have sides/beers that you can pick up as you go through the line. A great option if you are wandering the strip or at a casino closeby and suddenly feel a grumbling in your stomach...
5	Love this place!!! I wish they have one in LA!!! Fast services even though the line is always long. We got the Earl's Club and Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. Both tasted great....I really think because their breads which makes this place different than others. I tried the Cobb club wrap and it was very tasty as well.  As for the pricing, you can't beat this as they are  located at the center of the strip. Will try other sandwiches when I have chance to come back to Planet Hollywood :))
4	A must eats when coming to Vegas! The Caribbean Jerk Chicken still tastes amazing however --maybe its just me but has the portion gotten smaller??! I was never able to finish a whole sandwich but this time I had no problem doing so....or I was just THAT hungry this time . I also tried my friend's "the earl sandwich" (I think that's what it's called) and it was delicious as well. Perfect for a late night drunken eats :)
5	I LOVE YOU EARL OF SANDWICHES!!! My mouth is watering as I am writing this review, just remembering the taste of the sandwiches! I was in vegas last weekend and for that whole weekend, all I had was Earl's sandwiches! So far I tried The Tuna Melt, Earl's Club and Jerk Chicken sandwiches. ALL OH SO GOOD! My favorite I have to say was the Earl's Club. I totally want to try the other sandwiches when I come back, or better yet please make up in the bay area!!! I'd seriously come here everyday to eat. lol The wait was not that bad, and the workers there are extremely  friendly, even though i was probably drunk and obnoxious lol Sorry! Definitely a place yuo need to come visit if you are ever around in the area!
5	I heart this place. We eat here at least twice everytime we vist las vegas. Great sanwiches! They have good breakfast sandwiches and coffee too. Keep up the good work Earl!
4	We were looking for a quick bite to eat on the Vegas strip.I forgot exactly what I had (I think it was a turkey, bacon and swiss sandwich with mayo), but I remember it was good.Fair prices.  I don't really have much else to say about this place.
3	Can't go wrong with the Signature The Earl's Club, layers of meat and fresh lettuce and tomato. I also tried the Hawaiian BBQ, pineapple and ham. The sandwiches reminded me more of a panini, maybe it's because of the toasty artisan bread and the melt cheese. Overall, great sandwiches and good for quick bites and late nights. Some days, the line will be around and out but personally I don't think it's worth more than a 30 minute wait for these sandwiches.Quick tip: They take phone orders.
4	I don't know if it's as good as it gets but it's pretty close to there.  So I heard of Earl of Sandwich and I was told that "eh it's all hype".  Well...I figured so many reviewers couldn't be wrong and on my last business trip out there, I had to make a stop.  I actually almost missed my plane because of this stop.  Totally worth the mad dash to the gate.  I got the BLT and it was pretty darn awesome.  The bread is soft and so perfect and they don't skimp on the meat, that's for sure.  I can't wait until the open the one at Disneyland.  I'll be there every week.
5	Best Sandwiches I've had in my life!!!! My friend and I came here after a crazy weekend. We heard about how good this place was from other people. As soon as we got there we knew it must be good cause there was a loooong line!! About 30min later we ordered what we wanted. I ordered the Tuna Melt and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. My friend got the Meatball one and the Tuna Melt. After waiting anxiously for our sandwiches, our order was finally ready. I took my first bite into the Tuna Melt and it was so freaking good I almost cried. Crunchy warm toasted bread, soft flaky tuna with perfectly gooey melted cheese. Best Tuna Melt ever!!!!! The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was pretty good too but nothing compared to that perfect Tuna Melt. Earl of Sandwich..... I will never have a sandwich elsewhere. Definitely coming back whenever I'm in Vegas!! Hopefully this time I won't lose money on my way in...
5	Great cheap lunch!  Tomato soups great too!
5	My bf and I always go here when we're in Vegas even when we're already super full from a previous meal. Yes, it's that good. The first time we ever tried it, we had it twice in a day!I've tried the earl's club, full montagu, tuna melt, and the original. All were fantastic.
5	I love this place, everytime I'm in Vegas, I make it a priority to go to Earl's. For the quality of food, the price is very good. Try the earl club, you won't be disappointed.
4	Occasion: Late night food with MCT friends What I Had: The Earl's Club ($6) Food Review: The Earl's Club includes roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, roma tomatoes, and their special sandwich sauce. It was toasted, soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside, juicy and spongy, and just overall wonderful. I will admit that it is often a bit overhyped. Service Review: Self pick-up, but the people here are friendly and helped me figure out what I wanted to order. Venue Review: There is plenty of seating at tables next to the pick-up station, and even with a group of nearly 20 people, we were able to find a spot without too much trouble. Overall Impression: I'm a fan! Somehow their sandwiches remind me a lot of a high-end Quizno's, but it's still at a very reasonable price for Vegas, so I think it's got the bang for your buck. Next time I want to try the Montagu!
3	Heard a lot of hype about this place. It is definitely a good price for a good amount of sandwich. The different variations sound delicious too. We tried the classic club one and the roast beef one.First bite, the bread is awesomely crisp and toasted. Inside, the mustard overpowered anything else and the meat was okay. The special sauce was overpowered. For me, it tasted like any old sandwich but with better bread. There wasn't anything too special to me. If you are from the bay, LITTLE LUCCAs is so much better!However, it's decent and I would try more of the variations if I go back.Earl...I expected you to be more of a pEarl.
4	I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and it was pretty good. I liked how they wrapped it. The wait wasn't too bad and it's also open late- maybe even 24/7? Very casual place. :)
5	Sandwiches get no closer to perfection than the ones at Earl of Sandwich.On my last visit to Vegas, we made treks to Earl of Sandwich after clubbing at TAO and Marquee on two different nights. True, I was drunk off my ass both times, and so that could have greatly influenced my love for each bite of my sandwich. But, honestly, my measure of Earl's greatness is that I actually remember each delicious bite in what was otherwise a night of blurry flashbacks. I can still taste my Tuna Melt sandwich, even to this day, and it brings back such fond memories of a time when life was truly great.Additionally, I brought back a Caribbean Jerk Chicken back to my hotel room, passing out before I could touch it. I woke up the next morning, hungover and hating life -- the last thing I could think about was food. However, I took one bite of that cold Caribbean Jerk Chicken that was sitting out for over 8 hours in the hotel room and even THAT was damn delicious. On my third visit (in the same weekend to Earl's), I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich again since I wanted to try it how it was intended (hot and crispy). It went amazingly well with my bowl of Tomato Bisque.I'm the type of person who strives to try new places all of the time. If I'm in Vegas for 2 days, then I will make it a mission to try a new place every meal. I very rarely ever go back to the same place twice in the same week, let alone the same 2 days.Earl of Sandwich is so good that I not only ate it 3 times in the span of 2 days, but I was craving it all the way home. Now THAT is the only indicator you need to let you know that you've stumbled upon something phenomenal.
4	Seeing amazing Yelp reviews we went here for lunch... I got the Caprese sandwich which was good, a bit too buttery for my taste (but most people like that) but the cheese was very good and they didn't skimp on it, the basil was fresh and the balsamic sauce was yummy. The place was hoppin so I guess everything else is good too!
4	Everyone deserves a 2nd chance as the saying goes and this is one of those times that this holds true!I tried it initially before and was not a fan of the roast beef sandwich, but after coaxing from the wife I gave this another shot because I wanted to eat something light for lunch and inexpensive as well.We both shared the hawaiian bbq and the caribbean jerk chicken sandwiches (half and half) upon recommendations from "the homies"..I must say the caribbean jerk chicken sandwich was on point and the hawaiian bbq was very sweet and both left us craving for more!There is a lot of hype surrounding Earl and his sandwiches which now I can see is for good reason..I think now I have a permanent lunch destination that will provide for a very pleasured tummy!
4	Love the bread here - nice and cripsy. I got the kiddies'  pizza sandwich because I wasn't too hungry and I just wanted something cheesy! Yum!Bf's sandwich, the Earl Club, was yummy too. He devoured it quickly. Easy, peasy sandwich spot. Cheap prices for what you can expect in Vegas ($7-8).
3	I'm no sandwich connosieur but this place was all hype. The time I went there wasn't a line, thank god. I ordered the original and it was okay. I prefer a more seasoned sandwich say from Subway haha can not lose with my trusty Cold Cut Combo but this place was all right. I guess for a quick bite which it may not be that quick since I saw a line straight into the casino. If you walk by and there is no line then check it out and judge for yourself.
5	This is a staple in Vegas. Located inside the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood. I stayed at the Aria so I found my way over there several times within three days.My friend and I got different sandwiches and shared them because the sandwiches are cut in half and wrapped in gold foil. And it's only about $6.These sandwiches are some of the best hot sandwiches I've had in my life. And this means a lot because I'm not a big sandwich person. In fact, I don't usually like sandwiches at all unless it's from Earl or Mendocino Farms (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mendocino-farms-marina-del-rey#hrid:i5yib0JkoKXuHvnn33_ofg).I haven't tried a sandwich that I didn't find delicious. I tried the Full Montagu, The Original 1762, The Earl's Club, and the Italian sandwiches. They were all good in different ways. The Original 1762 doesn't have much on the sandwich, but it's simple and delicious. I loved the kick from the horseradish sauce. My goal is to try them all!They have specials as well. I think the current special is the chicken, bacon, avocado sandwich.I'm so excited for the new Downtown Disney location to open. I can fulfill all my Earl of Sandwiches craving there!
3	Earl of Sandwich is probably the best damn thing you will ever eat....if you are drunk and it is 4am. Otherwise you might as well hit up a Togo's. If it is daytime, you can find a lot better food within walking distance. The line moves fast, so don't worry if it's out to the casino. The iced tea is pretty good and I enjoyed the cannonball sammie. Anthony N. is right, it is a pretty good deal, I believe I fed my family of 4 for $30.
4	Visited 04/07/12. WINNING!! Who needs Jack in the Box after hours when you've got Earl of Sandwich. Delicious, good prices & open TWENTY FOUR - SEVEN!! I am not a fan of hot subs and seeing as though it was about 3 or 4 in the morning I forgot to mention to them not to heat mines up and it was still SOOO good!!! long line but not a dreadful wait...
5	Super convenient and delicious!
4	Delicious and cheap!  Only $45 for a family of 5!  Loved the Italian.  Kids grilled cheese was not very cheesy.  The others enjoyed their Meatball, Club, and kids pizza sandwiches.
5	Every time my friends go to Vegas, they eat here, and I just had it for the first time today. Let me say, don't let the long line deter you, its SO GOOD. I had the turkey club and my MOH had the original and we halfsies and sharsies and man, easily places in the top 3 best sandwiches I have ever had in my LIFE!Meat so tender, bread warm and soft. After you order, doesn't take long to get your food. I wish I had an Earls in San Jose. I will definitely be back anytime I am in Vegas.
3	I'm not really sure why everyone loves this place. Yes it's cheap for vegas, and yes it's open late. But that's it in my opinion. The sandwiches themselves are better than subway but about the same level as quizznos. It's just okay and my theory is the higher reviews correlate with a higher level of toxicity. I think there are better places to go like Grand Luxe at the Venetian or Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan.
5	The Earl's original sandwich is the best sandwich I've ever had.The bread was perfectly crisp, the horseradish sauce and cheese combined with the most tender beef made for a perfect sandwich!
5	This is a treasure of Planet Hollywood. When the sandwiches comes out, they are works of perfection wrapped in gold. If you like sandwiches or are looking for a quick bite, look for this place.I think they open pretty late. I had a bunch of their sandwiches, but my favorite is the Jerk Chicken Sandwich. The bread is so crispy but still soft.
5	This place is a home run. Variety of sandwich choices, decent waiting times, and fairly priced. Not to mention that this place is 24hrs! Better than a lot of food being served around the strip.Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Full Montague are probably the only ones I personally like, though. The Italian and the Original weren't anything special. Also split a ice cream sandwich with 3 others once and it was pretty good! Although super thick, I never wouldn't have finished even half of it by myself.I don't feel like this place really warrants a 5, but looking at their surroundings, their wait time, pricing, and taste are just superior to everything else. Though anywhere else, this would just be a 4.
5	Earl of Sandwich!!!!! Each sandwich option is amazing!!! All the vegetables are fresh and healthy.  This place is open 24/7!!! Definitely a place to go either before or after the clubs.  Frequent this place!
5	Personally, there is one important factor that can make or break a sammie: the bread. Luckily for Earl of Sandwich, the bread has a light crisp on the outside with a moist, soft, and chewy texture on the inside... no cutting the roof of your mouth here... thank you sandwich gods!As a first timer this weekend, I decided to try the original sandwich..the meat to bread ratio was decent and the horseradish sauce was not too over powering in flavor; great compliment for the thinly sliced and tender roast beef and cheese...  I was able to taste my friend's club sandwich which was equally as heavenly as mine. For the price, portion, and quality, this sandwich has amazing value...half of one sandwich and some chips made me full but the fatty inside me could not put it down... i had to finish it while it was still warm LOLDefinitely gonna be back to try more on their menu on my next visit to Sin City.
5	Why must all delicious sandwiches be so far away from me!!!  Definitely top 5 sandwiches ever.  The bread is to die for.  And they are pretty cheap.  Plus open 24/7 in Vegas?  Ingenious.
5	The cookies! Just wow! If you're looking for something cheap, filling and awesome, earls is the way to go! The boyfriend and I love staying in the cosmo just because it's right next to Earls! You can't go wrong with the Full Montague. It'll convert a mustard hater to a mustard lover! And if you're feeling really adventurous, the sweet and savoriness of the All American won't steer you in the wrong direction.
3	We were in a rush so we grabbed something here. I have heard a lot about this place, but sadly I wasn't hungry enough to try one of their sandwiches. Instead, I ordered a Chinese Chicken salad, my sister's bf ordered a Tuna Salad, and my bf ordered a sandwich (I think turkey with cranberries?). The salads were only decent... something spectacular. The sandwich was good, the cranberries were a nice touch, but it wasn't the greatest sandwich ever. I want to say this place is over-rated, but I have to try a sandwich to make that claim. Their frozen lemonade was good.... typical. Service was rushed and when our to-go bag handle broke, the servers behind the counter were in such a rush to get everyone's order in that he didn't bother to replace the bag. Oh well.Might try it again, esp since they are coming to Downtown Disney in Anaheim.
3	Over rated place. We tried only vegetarian sandwiches. They were just okay. We liked their tomato soup. Just an average sandwich place!!
5	I want to stay in Planet Hollywood next time I go to Vegas JUST so I can come to Earl of Sandwich for late night drunchies/early morning hangover food.Cheap, delicious, filling.  Not much more to say.  I got the Earl Club, which was excellent.  HOWEVER, my friends got the All American and I have to say this must be the most PERFECT sandwich I've ever eaten!  Turkey, ranch, cheddar, your typical sandwich fixings and..... wait for it.... CRANBERRIES.  YES, the cranberries really elevate this sandwich to another level.  They add a sweetness and tang that along with the tomato cuts the richness of the rest of the sandwich.  AMAZING!The sandwiches only run for $6 so they're the perfect anytime Vegas meal.  Though their Earl Gray lemonade looked like the perfect match to their tasty sandwiches, I feel like a single sandwich is a meal on it's own.Cannot WAIT to come back here again!
4	One of the cheapest, tastiest, and most satisfying meals was had at Earl of Sandwich during my last trip to Sin City.Ordered chicken soup, the Original 1762, and the Earl's Club with swapped sandwich sauce for ranch (YES! for letting you swap!). I also ordered a frozen lemonade for something refreshing and non-alcoholic. Breaking it down:- The Original was super yummy - the roast beef was really tender and the horseradish sauce wasn't overwhelming.- I'm a big fan of the Earl's Club - everything tasted really fresh!- Frozen lemonade was huge and refreshing. At one point it was so sour that it started to cut up my tongue though. :XDelish.
5	absolutely deliciousyummy pasta saladmy sandwich was amazing. went back the next day too!i will be back if i dont lose all my money in the casino first
4	When I worked at Downtown Disney World last year, Earl of Sandwich was my lunch of choice. Every day. Now that I'm back on the west coast, our nearest Earl is in Vegas so of course when I went there for my birthday I stopped on by!The line is usually insanely long if you come around noon but it moves really really fast. I usually order the Hawaiian BBQ and Cannonballs, both are delicious. Cannonballs is the kind of sandwich you can just bring around with you and it'll still be delicious cold! Also, I have a weakness for their original chips. OMG! How I've missed it!Earl of Sandwich is a great place to grab a bite and it's significantly cheaper than most places on the strip not to mention probably better for your health-wise. The only down fall is that the location is sort of small, but they offer more tables over towards the mall side.Another plus? This place is open 24 hours a day! :D
5	The first Earl's I enjoyed was a friend's refrigerated leftover, so I just had to try a fresh one.Took my boyfriend recently. We went around 1am on a Saturday. The place was packed but line moved quickly. We got paged within 5 minutes after ordering.We shared the Earl's Club and the French Dip. Both were delicious. All we needed was a bottle of hot sauce (we devoured the sandwiches in our hotel room at Cosmo). The French Dip came with the Aju on the side, which I dipped my half of the Earl's Club - yum! Also their bread had the texture of a focaccia. Both sandwiches costed me $12.95 only!We're definitely trying other sandwiches.
4	I would say that this should be closer to about a 3.75 star review, but since that is closer to a 4 than a 3, this gets a 4 star review. The sandwiches are very good, but they are NOT as big as the website photos would lead you to believe. So, if you want a good tasting light snack, I would highly recommend Earl of Sandwich. If you're starving, then you might have to get 2 of these to satisfy your cravings - or come back here when you only want a snack.
4	Now...this is a good sandwich.  Bought a couple of them and brought them back to the hotel room to enjoy while watching the NFL draft.  I think the one I had was called the Full Montague or something to that effect, but whatever it was called...it was a damn good sandwich.Conveniently located near the casino of Planet Hollywood Hotel and close to the Hilton Elara where we were staying(actually connected to the Miracle Mile Shopping Center).Price wasn't too bad either.Probably went around 4PM in the afternoon...so there was virtually no line.
1	WTF i came here because i was staying in PH and read these bombass yelp reviews. ate here once hungover, once wastey (does "sober" even exist in vegas?) i had the earl's club and the italian and they were DISGUSTING. tasted like warm old lunch meat with weird sauce. only plus was that it's open 24 hours and the line moves surprisingly fast. but i feel sick even writing this review. STAY AWAY.
5	They're opening one in Downtown Disney. Wishes DO come true!
5	Great sandwich place and open 24hrs and a cheap meal :)
4	The gold(ish) metallic wrapped sandwich is like handling a brick of gold. It just feels good in your hand. So good, you almost feel guilty for unwrapping it.I ordered the Veggie Sandwich without the feta cheese or the Mediterranean dressing (which is Italian and Caesar mixed.) The sandwich is basically lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, and roasted red peppers. I even opted to add avocados in the mix. http://su.pr/7vuRe6Sounds like a simple sandwich, right? Simple but amazingly cravable! This was the only restaurant that my friends and I revisited during our whole six days in Vegas. Bonus for their low prices :)Four more words: Earl Grey Lemonade...YUM! :D
5	I'm not a huge sandwich person... but you wouldn't know it whenever I stay at Planet Hollywood.  I literally want EOS for every meal.  The bread they make and use is so fresh and perfect with every sandwich.  A smaller bun is used for their breakfast sandwiches... but hits the spot, all the same.  I've had the following: - the ultimate grilled cheese- the tuna melt with swiss (I request for them to add lettuce and tomato... no extra charge!)- the earl's club with turkey and bacon- the full montagu - roast beef and turkey- the breakfast blt (i request to add egg on mine... no extra charge!)- the caprese - they definitely don't skimp on the mozzarrella!  - the blt - the tomato soupEverything.  And I mean EVERYTHING above is delicious.  However, the tuna melt is my all time favorite.  $5.99 for a regular sandwich and $3.99 for a breakfast one... can't get a better quality meal for that price on the strip!  Wish I ordered an extra one yesterday to have today while I drool and write this review...
5	This place is GREAT to go to at anytime.  It's open all the time, so when you get hungry after drinking and partying all night at the club, it'll be open and waiting for you (and actually still pretty packed).  The prices are great, especially for Vegas, and the sandwiches are delicious too.  I've had the first 3 (Original, Earl's Club, and Montagu) and thought they were ALL great.  It's a bit loud, but if you're in Vegas you probably don't care that much.  Also, the line might look long, but it moves pretty fast, so don't worry too much about it.  Overall: A great place to get lunch or an after-clubbing snack for cheap (since I assume you bought too many drinks and are currently feeling poor).
5	Came here around 11:30 pm & no line so we got order in fast...(line came after)... Had the limited time only Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich!! Sooo delicious!!! Would definitely eat here again & recommend others to eat here.. Very cheap ($5.99) & don't forget when you check-in, get a coupon book so you can get an extra 10% off your entire purchase..
5	FANTASTIC !! one the best places to eat good sandwich  love it !!!
2	I really want to give Earl of Sandwich a higher rating, but I don't feel that the hype was really worth it.  I went to Earl hoping for a sandwich that would change my life, but I was a little disappointed.I ordered a vegetarian sandwich and a tuna melt. Both were very standard. However, their bread, which is toasted and buttered is very tasty.  This is a good place for a quick bite in Planet Hollywood, but there are a lot of other food options in Vegas.Also, beware of their seating setup. There are very few tables despite their very long line. Be prepared to not have a place to sit if you come during a rush.
5	EVERYTIME I come to vegas I have to make a stop at Earl's! O yeah and I also make sure I order some for the 4 hour drive back home to the OC haha. It ain't no subway thats' for sure. I love the artisan bread they have and that everything is cooked fresh when you order. Most of the time my friends & I stay in PH so this is convenient for those late night cravings cause it's open 24 hrs. Usually you'll see a long line but don't get intimidated the cashiers are usually fast.On to the sandwiches:Hawaiian BBQ - MY FAVORITE! If you've had Papa john's hawaiian bbq chicken pizza well this is what it tastes like except better cause of their breadEarl's Club - pretty standard turkey sandwich, but the bacon adds the extra crispThe Full Montagu - MMM the aged swiss & cheddar cheeses melt in your mouth combined w/ the delicious roast beef & turkey slicesCarribean Jerk Chicken - love the spicy jerk sauce. don't worry it's not super spicy or anything you just get a tangy kick. the red & yellow peppers make it greatSigh writing this review makes me want to go to vegas now to grab one of their sandwiches :( thank god they are opening one at downtown disney so it's closer to home!!
4	Great place to get a decent hot sandwich.  Taste even better with a discount! (Show your AAA membership).  Had the Full Montagu, done very well (much more meat than the others).  Seating is average, self serve.  Ordering is easy and paying as well.  Self serve soda fountain and coffee dispensers.  Tables are have salt, pepper, Tabasco.  Quite a walk if you park in the structure.
3	I just got back from vacation in Vegas, and one night when hungry I was looking for a quick bite to eat.  I saw the high Yelp rating for this place and headed here.  There was a long line when I arrived, but the line went quickly.  I ordered the chipolte chicken avocado sandwich along with a bag of chips and a drink which came out to somewhere around $12.  I found the sandwich to be a good sandwich, but not the best I have had, especially for the price point (although this was in Vegas, so maybe prices in other locations differ).  The main thing setting this place apart from other sandwiches that I have had was the bread that the sandwich was on.  The bread was very tasty and that was what really made the sandwich.  It had a nice light buttery taste to it which really gave flavor to the whole sandwich.  Overall, I thought this was a good solid sandwich which I would order again, but do not see the hype or have the same love for it others seem to.
5	Oh my god! I don't know if I was just really hungry or if I was really drunk, but this time their sandwiches were amazing!!!The Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken were soooooo good. The sandwiches had so much flavor. Perfect amount of meat. The bread lightly toasted and crunchy. And the peppers and jerk sauce in the Caribbean Jerk Chicken were just heavenly. The sandwiches were also the right size just enough to satisfy me.A Vegas trip is never complete now without a trip to Earl of Sandwich.
3	Tucked inside the Planet Hollywood Casino, the Earl of Sandwich has received quite the praise from the Yelp community.  However, there is nothing entirely unique about what in my mind really amounts to something that I wouldn't be surprised to receive at Potbelly's or Quizno's.  Sure, Vegas needs cheap food as well, and Earl of Sandwich certainly qualifies.  However, for all the people who are practically nutting about a sandwich that uses good bread and good meat in a wholly predictable manner, I'm just going to have to say that I'm missing the allure entirely.  I ordered the Full Montague as a hangover cure following a night of extravagant drinking.  It's basically a roast beef and turkey sandwich lined with cheddar and swiss cheese.  Condiments?  A row of lettuce and tomatoes are included along with a line of mustard.  That's really it.  There isn't anything magical about it at all.  I'm not going to dock it for my moderate disappointment (after all, it absolutely housed Marilyn's Cafe which was at a similar price point), but I'm not going to pretend it was something more than an average experience.  I'd go here again if I wanted something fast and cheap.
3	dont worry about the line, it moves fast.
5	If you have never been to the Earl of Sandwich, you are missing out.  Actually, missing out is an understatement.  I wish I could eat here every day in Vegas."Sandwiched" in-between the Planet Hollywood Casino and Miracle Mile Shopping Mall, this cafe-style restaurant efficiently gets you delicious food at under $10.  ---BUT, let's establish some ground rules first, shall we:1. You will wait in a long line if you go during peak meal hours - meaning try to go with a couple people.  If not, at least you'll have a giant Wheel of Fortune/Batman/American Idol slot machine to stare at to pass the time.2. Do not order vegetarian sandwiches or tuna.  In fact, don't bother ordering anything  except The Full Montague on your first time.  Stop being a fancy yelper and order something that nobody else does so you can give this place a bad rating.---The Earl of Sandwich experience bases around one thing: TASTE.  I am not going to go on an on about ingredients, as everything in Vegas is bad for you (yes, even the gambling....). After you come back to this place because you love it so much, get The Full Montague with Broccoli Cheese soup.  Dip said Earl Sandwich into Broccoli Cheese soup and eat it.  Repeat until full sandwich and soup is gone.  Portions don't seem huge, but you'll be full by the time you're done.And just remember - What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas...except ranting about how awesome Earl of Sandwich is.
3	I don't see what all the hype is about, it's a sandwich.  Perhaps I'm confused or ordering 'the original' was a mistake.  It was OK, definitely not a life changing OMG this is amazing moment. If I happen to be at PH again I don't even know that I would opt for this place over the Roasted Chicken Salad Sandwich at the PBR bar which is right next store, now that thing is memorable.It's average, kinda reminded me of Quiznos.....so if you like that, this is your place, you'll just pay more for it.
4	I can see why I read so many good things about this place. If you're on the strip and on a budget, this place is where to go for lunch. $5.99 for sandwiches, salads, and wraps. You could probably even add a bag of chips, a cookie, or a side and still pay under $10 for your whole meal. Very hard to find that kind of deal for quality food on Las Vegas Blvd. It's open 24 hours, too!I ordered two sandwiches, the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu, and ate half of each. I was really hoping the sandwiches would very delicious. But it was just OK in my book. Nothing wrong with them, mind you. I just was thinking I'd be wowed with flavor.That's probably the only reason I couldn't give 5 stars here, even though I wanted to. The service was fast, they kept the line moving swiftly, there was decent amount of seating available, and clean. I thought it was kind of cool that a casual sandwich place used vibrating beepers to let you know your order was ready to be picked up!I wouldn't say it's a convenient place to eat for a local, but I'd definitely think it's an awesome place to dine if you're in the area nearby. Great value for your money and more than worth getting, compared to the same you'll spend for unhealthy fast food. It was a great stop for lunch. Or anytime for that matter! Try it :)
5	SO GOOODDD!I had "The Original" which is basically a roast beef sandwich with mustard.But it was SO delicious!! The meat was juicy and tender and the mustard gave it just the right kick. Beat part about it though, was the bread, which was toasted so the outside crust is crispy and crusty, but the inside is still soft and chewy.Great for a midnight snack in Vegas. 5 STARSSS
5	Wowww!Arguably one of the best sandwiches places i've been to! I've ordered 6 different items from there and all of them were on point! My personal favorite is the holiday sandwich. It is available only for November and December for the holiday season. Sooo good! Also a perfect place for the carb conscious people. They offer an array of really good wraps as well. I would definitely recommend this place. If you go at the wrong time, you'll catch a pretty long line, but in the end, well well worth the wait.
5	All I gotta say is that this place is AWESOME. Every single freakin time I go to Vegas, I always stop here. The line is atrociously long, but service is incredibly fast. Earl of Sandwich should be on everyone's bucket list!
3	After finishing our 1st rounds of the casino, we were dying of hunger. I was tired of subway and wanted a change in my sandwich. I happen to discover a crowded sandwich place "Earl of Sandwich". They had a variety of options. I tried the 'Veggie' and 'Caprse' sandwich and they were good, hot, buttery and freshly made. The creamy tomato soup was perfect with the sandwich. The crunchy'Mediterranean Wrap' was delicious too. And if you are not conscious for your calories, then you must try their 'Triple Chocolate Brownies'. The only turn-off was that they had no wheat bread. Overall a nice quick place to eat in Vegas.
4	Correct me if I am wrong, but I don't get the impression that you can eat in Vegas in a satisfying manner, unless you have lots of money or lots of time or a huge stomach. In other words, restaurants are either pricey without quality food, or you have to wait in line forever, or it's a buffet. For a good chunk of the restaurants it even seems that at least two of these characteristics apply.And here comes in Earl of Sandwich, the seemingly only place on the Strip where none of these apply.The good:- I had a Full Montagu and it was quite delicious. Good ingredients, flavorful and the bread was so good that the sandwich still tasted good the next day.- Their selection is good, and they sell a good variety of healthy sides and drinks - even milk!- Price-wise I think Earl of Sandwich is very reasonable. After reading reviews I expected some high prices but 6 dollars is what you pay at most other good sandwich places too.The bad:- The sandwiches are small! Luckily I only wanted a small snack, but for 6 dollars I am used to sandwiches which are 1 1/2 the size of what you get here.- The location is a little loud, but oh well - it's in the middle of a shopping mall/casino.All in all, Earl of Sandwich is a restaurant chain, and it should get more stars than Potbelly and less than Jimmy John's, and this time I am solving my half-star dilemma by rounding up. After all, it is noticeably better than Potbelly.
4	Best sandwich in vegas strip! It is not too expensive and quality of the sandwich is great! I would say this would be the best after-party-late-night food! I will guarantee it!it is a bit hard to find unless you have been to the shopping area inside of Planet Hollywood. It is located right across from the sports betting area and the daiquiri bar. It looks subpar at a first glance but I'm sure you will like what you get from here.Two thumbs up!
4	Best deal on the strip. Been here twice and have to say these sandwiches are quite delicious.
4	Yes, the sandwiches are as good as everyone says they are! We were staying off the strip this trip, but at my mom's insistence, made a special visit to Planet Hollywood just to get Earl of Sandwich. The Caribbean Jerk Chicken is great - slightly spicy and tangy, but my favorite is still the seasonal holiday which is like Thanksgiving in a sandwich. Yes there will be a line, possibly quite long, but don't be discouraged. It will move quickly and soon you will have your grubby fingers all over a delicious toasty sandwich. FYI there's a location opening up in Downtown Disney too, so now LA/OC-ers can get their sandwich fix without going all the way to Vegas.
5	I'm not a big fan of sandwiches.  But wow...  Earl's hot sandwiches is so good.  I had 4 different kinds of Earl's sandwiches for the short visit to Vegas this past weekend. 2 thumbs up for the Original & 2 thumbs up for the Full Montagu.Their chicken chipotle with avocado was ok.  The all american is good too!It was worth the walk from Palazzo to Planet Hollywood.
5	Hands down, one of the best tuna melts I have ever had!  Bread was light and fluffy with a chewy outside.  Sandwich melted in my mouth.  Tea was freshly brewed.  A definite stop on the strip for hungry travelers
5	Earl, Earl, EARL!?The day I was starving and stumbled across this very venue in Planet Hollywood... Was the best risk I took by far! as I followed my instinct to the long line, I was reassuringly greeted by cheap prices! I was convinced I had made the right choice, I placed my order, My order was in my mouth in less than several minutes... My eyes squinted as the flavorful/ delectable (Earl Original sandwich) seduced me... I was sold and enough  money left on my pocket book to purchase my 42oz Fat TuesdayWOO HOO!! PARTAY !! ...(in my belly that is!) lol
4	These sandwiches are awesome. I used to think that a sandwich is just a sandwich, but now I know better.It's like an assembly line here. But fresh ingredients, great flavors, and perfectly toasty bread make for one delicious sandwich.
4	This was the place hands down but recently they made the prep area bigger and the sandwiches doesn't taste the same. It's still good but it lost some of it's magic.Here's the low down of this place, Earl's is in planet Hollywood. Normally I see drunk people here after they've been partying. Which isn't very cool because some people are annoying and obnoxious when they are drunk. Mother day weekend I was there and there in front of me was a skin headed Armenian hocking up and spitting on the floor. It was disgusting.Once you get passed the long line to the register I normally order 6 sandwiches because I go to Vegas twice a year and the line is long so I have to make it worth my while and share it with the family.Their sandwiches are good. I don't think you can go wrong with any of them as long as you eat them as soon as you can because the bread gets hard and chewy.So I give it 4 stars because of the drunk people and the below stellar grinder. Don't get me wrong! It's still up there, but not where it was.
4	Opened late enough for you to grab a bite after drinking, and great price for their sandwiches! What more can you ask for? I shared a Caribbean Jerk Chicken and chipotle avocado chicken with my sister and girlfriend one night and I thought both of them tasted really good. Caribbean Jerk Chicken was probably a little better than the other, but seriously, it's good and definitely lived up to the hype. =)
4	You've got to eat here if you are down on your luck and need a cheap meal to pick you back up.  We walked all the way down the strip just to eat here.
4	6...6....6 dollar sandwiches????Earl doesn't mess around.  As much as I don't like writing reviews for chains, this one is an exception.   Earl of Sandwich has brought me back from the brink after getting the drunken hangover shakes.  Conveniently located on the floor of Planet Hollywood, EoS serves Quiznos type of sandwiches, only wayyyyy better.  He's good for pregaming before a 12 hour rager.  I've had two types of sandwiches here. The Caprese is your standard mozzarella, tomato sandwich with balsamic reduction. The Hawaiian is also your standard chicken, ham, cheddar and BBQ sauce.  Their broccoli soup is chunky good, and their cookie will give you diabetes.  Earl Earl mm mm good
4	The sandwiches are indeed delicious and reasonably priced. One sandwich is enough for one person, so no need to share. Plus you get to try more sandwiches that way! I had the Full Montagu which was very good. The bread was toasted to deliciousness and there was a good ratio of meat and condiments.Also, the frozen lemonade is AMAZING on a hot day.The not so good: the sad, pre-made salad. Not sure why they even offer it. The institution would probably be better without it.Also, if you look at the absorbing pads under the coffee, you can see bugs crawling around on it. Press the coffee spouts to drown them in hot coffee to earn bonus points.
5	Love this new find!  The sandwiches were absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced. The turkey with the cranberry sauce and the meatball sandwich were both very good.  The bread makes the sandwich.  Delicious.  It was crowded but it moved quick and it wasn't too difficult to find seating despite it being a busy Sunday afternoon.  Definitely a great place to soak up the alcohol after a day and/or night of Vegas drinking.  If we had one of these close by, we would go all the time.
5	I love their sandwiches, it's so delicious.  My favorite is the full montagu, omg it's super duper good.  Wish they had one in CA.  The salads were okay, it's about $7 but isn't worth it.  I would stick with their sandwiches instead.  My hubby is a big fan of their tuna sandwiches!
5	Delicious!! Kinda reminded me of a better Quiznos. We got the full something and shared it. Luckily we weren't too hungry. Half would be to small to eat if you were hungry.
5	I FINALLY GOT TO TRY THE FAMOUS EARL'SAfter marquee's day club, we headed over to earl's. Hawaiian BBQ immediately appealed to me so I didn't even bother to consider the others. It definitely did not disappoint, the ham, pineapple, cheese complemented each other perfectly! All on perfectly toasted bread! Best of all, this delicious sammy was ONLY 6ish dollars! SCORE.Definitely a must try when you're in VEGAS.
4	I'm not going to lie ... I was excited about trying this place out because everyone was so hyped about the sandwiches. I was happier to hear that it was located in Planet Hollywood because that's where me and my girls stayed at. I finally got to try out one of the sandwiches and it was delicious! I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was bomb. I wish I can try out all of the sandwiches but there's just too many to choose from. I can't wait until they open the new location in Anaheim!
5	Open 24 hours. Free wifi. Super fast delicious food. What's not to love?I had a tuna melt on my first day there. And my last day, I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich with bacon. That's four things to guarantee a party in my mouth there. And indeed it was.I'm a cheap ass so $6 is too much for a sandwich, but whatever. 5 stars for you, Earl's! I wish there was one of you in San Diego! :D
5	I'm giving 5 stars to the food not the service, unfortunately. The food was delicious, the best sandwich in Vegas hands down. The price was reasonable for the strip. I had the ham and cheese hot sandwich and it was the best :) You have to try it! Can't wait for a closer location at The Palms.
4	Let's see, Subway or Earl of Sandwich...Are you kidding me? It's not even a contest. They aren't even in the same class. One place sells delicious, hot, fresh, sandwiches and the other is about as exciting as, who are we kidding, Subway sucks.So there will be a line and it's worth the wait. Yes even when it's like 30 people long, it's still worth the wait.You really can't go wrong and with it being open 24-hours it's always there to delight your mouth.
5	If you are looking for a place for quality, down time food that is inexpensive, then this is your go to place. Located inside Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile, Earl's of Sandwhich is open 24 hours. Order our food was no problem at all since their service was excellent.My boyfriend and I tried both The Earl's Club (their popular one) and The Full Montagu. It was delicious!!! Definitely coming here when I come back to Vegas. :D
4	I love earl sandwiches! It's not too salty or bland. The portions aren't too big or too small. The problems were finding a seat sometimes when it gets crowded and so bread selection.This place blows subway away in terms of quality and tastiness.I love sandwiches and i'd come here just to get a taste but maybe that's because i'm a guy with too much time and would go far for a good sandwich.
4	Ate at the Earl of Sandwich a few times during our visit. Reasonably priced and tasty, this sandwich shop inside of the Planet Hollywood hotel is busy at all hours of the day (it's open 24 hours). All of their sandwiches are hot and use high quality ingredients. Of the ones I tried, the Earl's club was by far the best (I found the Chipotle Chicken Avocado a bit soggy, and the sweetness of the cranberries in the American BLT a bit distracting). Aside from their hot sandwiches, they also offer salad, soup, wraps, dessert and breakfast sandwiches. Would definitely return the next time I'm back in Vegas.
5	Very unique twists on wraps and cold and hot sandwitches if your looking to mix things up. I had the Mediterranean chicken salad wrap and it hit the spot.  Plus the sandwiches are reasonable priced around 6-7 dollars which is cheap next to other food joints that are way over priced for little amounts of food.dp
5	Best tuna melt sandwich ever!! Always makes you want to come back for more.
5	How good can a sandwich be? My boyfriend said he had to take me to this "Earl of Sandwich" place in Planet Hollywood, and when we got to vegas, our suitemates already had sandwich wrappers everywhere.So I got a guitar filled with alcohol at the PBR Rock Bar and went went across to Earl's. I got the BLT - BLT is my favorite sandwich and I judge all sandwich places by their bacon. You order, take your buzzer down the line and then pay and have a seat. The sandwich was out fast, and for such a long line, there was seat readily available. Did I mention this is 24 hours?AMAZING. I went back another day and had the same thing, the bread is what makes it - crunchy on the outside but too doughy and filling... so good. It's good buzzed, drunk, or sober, just GOOD. I dream of this sandwich. Best BLT ever.The tomato soup had garlic (I think) croutons floating in it which is awesome, and the chicken noodle was thick and very flavorful !
5	It's definitely a pricey sandwich but one of the best I've ever had. The line is long but moves quickly. I had the one with cranberries, a buttermilk sauce, warm turkey, etc.... OMG YUM!!When a sandwich is good, it's good!
5	Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop at Earl of Sandwich which is located inside Planet Hollywood.  There are so many good things about this place, I don't know where to begin.  First this place is open 24 hrs 7 days a week, and in Vegas this is the best thing ever.  Next they have some very delicious sandwiches.  Ive tried the tuna melt, Hawaiian BBQ, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  These are some of the best ones they have.  All 3 of them are equally good and recommend any of these.  Another plus is that these sandwiches are only $5.99 which is a very reasonable price for what you get.  I also love that each table has a bottle of Grey Poupon to add to the flavor of each sandwich.
5	Learned of this place from listening to the Five Hundy by Midnight Podcast.If you are in Vegas, go to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.  Its open 24/7. If there is a long line wait.  The sandwiches are perfectly balanced. The price is a steal for Vegas.  The service is quick and efficient.  Also, free Wi-Fi.My fear is that as it expands EoS will lose its high standards and become just another chain.  Until that day, that I hope never comes, EoS will be the standard I use to judge all other sandwiches.
5	Prior to going to Vegas I did my homework and made this place an absolute priority.  I don't usually eat sandwiches and if I do,it's going to be a damn good one and Earl of Sandwiches did not disappoint.Got here about 10:30am and the line was 20 deep.  It was worth the wait.  They're pretty fast and efficient with the ordering.We got a breakfast sandwich to start and regular sandwiches for lunch.   - Egg, bacon, cheddar 3.99 - Egg, ham, swiss 3.99 - The Original 1762  5.99 - Tuna Melt 5.99All of the above was fantastic!  Great ingredients and the bread that held everything together was melt in your mouth good!  After a long expensive weekend in vegas, the price is definitely pocket friendly.
5	Cheap ($5.99) good sandwiches in Vegas! I definitely had Earl of Sandwich 3 meals in a row the last time I was in Vegas since we stayed in Planet Hollywood! I love that bread is toasted and everything comes together so well in just about 10-15 minutes. Their bacon is delicious! Breakfast sandwiches are around $3.50 and is probably cheapest breakfast you can get besides perhaps McDonalds. Quick hint: The lines are always long, but it moves pretty quickly. BUT if you call in for your order, your order comes out even before the people who are waiting in line! Saves you so much time!!
5	After eating Earl of Sandwich located in Las Vegas, every other sandwich you will ever eat in your life will be disgusting. This place is cheap and exceeds your expectations for a sandwich.
4	Delicious original sandwich. I got it without the cheese but it was still amazing. Its a great hangover bite... trust me...!
5	Omg! This place was amazing!!! Apparently, it's open 24 hours. I went during prime lunch time which may be why the line was so long. But don't get discouraged! The line went by super fast (under 10 minutes and the line was around the corner). But omg, this was great!!I WAS going to order the club sandwich. But I was lured by the ads of the Chipotle Chicken Sandwich which was only available for a limited time! So I ordered that, and omg, I didn't want the sandwich to end!! MMMmmmmm!And then my hunnie got the Montagu which he killed so fast I didn't even have the chance to ask him for a bite (since I was too busy killing my own sandwich also). This place is a place I will definitely make a point to visit on every trip to Vegas I make from now on! For $5.99/sandwich??? In VEGAS?? For something this delicious?!!!?! Unheard of!
5	This place is a MUST-GO while you're in Vegas. It's located inside Planet Hollywood and across from Rockbar, Fat Tuesday, and a Batman arcade game area. Sometimes the line looks long, but don't let that be deceiving. They are very efficient and it will be worth the wait, trust me. I've had the Earl's Club, Italian, and Full Montagu. I hear their cobb wraps are just as good. Their sandwiches are about $6, which is the best cheapest thing you can get in Vegas for an amazing hot sandwich.I make a stop here at least twice on every Vegas trip I've made. Earl's is too irresistible. At one point, Earl's was my breakfast/lunch/dinner/post-club food @ 6AM. It's 24 hours so if you're feeling hungry or need some hangover food, go here!
4	Good sandwiches
5	If only Earl was a lot closer... 264.8 miles apart to be exact and it hurts because Earl is so darn good and I've been craving it since the day I left Vegas. :(To be honest, I didn't know about Earl's until last year. My guy friend told me about Earl of Sandwich in Vegas and he was ranting about how it's the best sandwich on earth. Intrigued, I signed up for Earl's club immediately and decide to give it a try next time I went to Vegas, which was this past weekend for my 23rd birthday. :)I got to Earl's on Saturday around 12pm and boyyyyyy, the line was pretty long. But no need to worry because the workers there are super speedy and you'll have your food in due time! I knew which sandwich I wanted in a heartbeat, "The Full Montagu". Freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged swiss and cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce. Mmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water! I want some NAO.Anyway, Earl's sandwiches are nicely toasted, which makes the outside crisp yet they somehow manage to keep the bread moist and soft in the inside. Cheese are hot and stringy while my mustard sauce gave a nice kick to the sandwich. I added some pepper that they had on their dining table, which wasn't just regular pepper. It was a little bit herby and tasted bombbbb. My best friend got herself the "Hawaiian BBQ" and she also loved her sandwich, which means a lot knowing she's a picky eater hahAnd the best thing about my first Earl of Sandwich experience was that it was FREE (not that it's expensive to begin with). Yay, thanks Earl's club for my freebie coupon! I'll be satisfying my craving next weekend when I'm in Vegas again!OH, ps., did I mention this place is open 24/7? You deserve A+++ in my book. :D
5	I found this place from yelp an I loved it. taste of food is awesome. prices are really good. and now I am looking forward to go other places because I miss it.
5	I can't help but think of a big royal announcement whenever I'm here - "The EARLLLLLLL of Sandwich!"This quick serve sandwich chain is far superior to Subway and Quizno's. They're still sandwiches - great artisan bread, meat, and cheese - but might as well go to the best. It's amazing that they exist in mostly price gouging areas (airports, Vegas, Disney) and manage to sell their wares for $5.99 a pop. Speaking of pop, skip it and go for the Earl's Grey Lemonade (their Arnold Palmer).
3	The sandwiches are good but not as good as the earl in Orlando. This location is never consistent with the sandwiches ... I always order the full montagu but for some reason the one in ph serves it different every time. Sometimes the beef is completely brown and cooked through .. Sometimes it's perfect and sometimes its dripping blood and when you bring it to their attention .. They say that's how its cooked .. I now only go for sugar cookies and their salad ... Though still not as yummy as the earl in Orlando .. So depressing :(
4	I was determined to eat at this place since I had a free morning. Ordered the All American. Wow, after a morning run on the strip, the sandwich was well deserved. Turkey, cranberry sauce, avocado. It would have been better with dutch crunch bread, but never the less still very good.Also got Earl's lemonade. Very different, tasted like an arnold palmer with a different type of tea, but also very refreshing!Second time there, I was so hungry I got 2 sandwiches. Was more disappointed this time around. i got the full montague, was very similar to the all american, but with roast beef and without the cranberry sauce. I probably should have known better since I don't like roast beef, but I figured if everyone was getting it, it probably was worth it. sorry Earl, it's not you, it's me so I didn't take of stars for it. Also ordered a breakfast sandwich (egg, bacon and pepper jack) that was a bit too bland for my liking.It's ok Earl, I'll still come back for your All American and your lemonade.
5	There's always a huge line but it always moves quickly... even when you're drunk!!Next time I go to Vegas I'm staying at the PH towers... now Elara... and one of the biggest factors in that decision was that Earl of Sandwich is right downstairs.
5	WOOHOO!HELLO EARL OF SANDWICH. Can I eat you everyday? Just keeeding, do you want me to get fat? Anyway.. I think I've been here at least 5 times. It is no Vegas trip w/o a trip to Earls.  It didn't help that we stayed at Planet Hollywood haha.  Brownie points for being open 24/7! Earl's club & the Italian are my all time favvvv! The hot tomato soup is mouth watering as well. I can't wait to go back & try the other sandwiches!
4	I tried this place with my family today. We had The Original, the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Cannonballs (meatballs), and the Hawaiian Barbecue Chicken. The Original was by far the best. I highly recommend this sandwich and I usually don't get roast beef. The Hawaiian was also very good. The Cannonballs and the Caribbean were only ok.
4	I appreciate that it's open 24/7. That it's fairly priced. That it's tasty as well. That the line goes by fairly quickly. But after tasting all the sandwiches, there is one thing I got back to every single time..their tomato soup with baked croutons.  I've had better sandwiches but never a better tomato soup. Highly recommend this!Their Mediterranean Salad with chicken was pretty good too if you want to balance your 24hrdrank diet with something healthy.But seriously.....get the tomato soup!
5	Probably one of the greatest eats on the Las Vegas Strip. I kid you not. You will NOT regret eating at Earl of Sandwiches. On my previous trip, my local friends went to eat here while I went to eat at Jasmine Restaurant in Bellagio. I would have rather eaten at Earl of Sandwiches that the fine dining place. Earl of Sandwiches is everything a sandwich should be. Great drunk food and it's 24 hours. Aside from the midnight specials for steak and eggs, Earl of Sandwiches has got to be the next best thing to eat while you're in Vegas!
5	good sandwiches! :) the line was loooong but it's worth it ;) . you should try it too!
5	INCREDIBLE!!This is my absolute favorite place for a quick meal in Las Vegas. There are no other places on the strip that have such affordable prices for such delicious hot sandwiches. Every time I'm in Vegas, we make at least two to three trips to Earl of Sandwich just because it's so delicious and it's open 24 hours. I would stay at Planet Hollywood just because they have this place downstairs near the Casino. I've tried a few of the sandwiches and they are all very good. But my favorite has to be the All-American! Hot turkey cranberry sandwich with ranch? You can't beat that!If you're staying in any hotel near to Planet Hollywood, you HAVE to go give Earl's a try. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Open 24 hours! I went there for lunch on Friday afternoon & the line wasn't too bad.  I got the Montagu, which was quite delicious.  Seating can get pretty bad during rush, but it wasn't too bad when I got there.  Your sandwiches come out very quickly as well.  I went there again on Sunday morning to pick up some sandwiches for the ride back.  I got the chipotle chicken sandwich, which was a limited time only item.  It wasn't THAT good bc I ate it when I got back to Cali, but i'm sure it would've been delicious if I ate it while it was fresh.  It's under $7 I believe for one.  Make sure to stop by here if you're ever in Vegas! I'm craving it AGAIN!
5	Excellent! This bread is unlike any sandwich bread I've ever had. Roast beef had a great smoky flavor, wish we had one in LA. Everything was ON POINT and cheap.
3	I'm trying to understand the hype that surrounds Earl of Sandwich. But really it's just a warm sandwich that you can get any time of the day. I think the fact that it's 24 hours and it's a sandwich place that's not Subway makes this place so popular.I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and an Earl's Grey Lemonade. I paid at the register and patiently waited for my drink. The cashier asked me to wait on the side and that it would take just a few minutes for me to get my drink. 10 minutes pass and i'm awkwardly standing next to the cash register. Where is my drink? No one was giving me any information? Eventually I ask someone working there for my drink and show him my receipt. He tells me that they don't have any Earl's Grey Lemonade right now. Wait... what? I already paid! Being the nice person that I am I opted for an iced tea instead. I got no apology or compensation for the drink mishap and the wait. That turned me off a little bit.Then I took a bite of my Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. It was good, but not great. The sandwich was a little bit on the dry side. I liked the bread they served it on, but the chicken pieces weren't that juicy and whatever sauce they spread on the sandwich was not enough. They need to pack their sandwiches with more sauce so we can get some kind of flavor out of it.
5	The best sandwich place by far in vegas!! For $6 it is a good decent size sandwich thats for sure! I tried their limited time chipotle chicken avocado and The Full Montagu. Both were very good but i prefer the montagu. All us girls got 2 sandwich one for now and one for after a night of dancing. Even though the sandwich was kept over night for breakfast the next morning it was still good. it didnt go bad even witht he avocado. i cant wait til they open one in SoCal. it would be like my little guilty pleasure.
4	Attention!: My friend Richard G. is starting to get sick of this place for overabusing this wonderful resource.
4	(+) open 24 hours!(+) the chipotle chicken IS SO GOOD! Grilled chicken with bacon, avocado, and chipotle sauce. Pretty damn tastey.(+) pretty fast turnaround(+) the cool buzz thing for each order so you can walk away and won't miss your # being called(-) long ass lines at times -___-
4	Reasonably priced place to grab a quick lunch in Vegas. This actually means a lot because almost nothing is reasonably priced in Vegas. It's open late for drunken munchies, but we came in the middle of the day. I got a Mediterranean salad for like $6 or $7. It was full of olives, feta, tomatoes, the good stuff. I didn't try anyone else's food, but it all looked good. The Full Montague I believe is a popular favorite.
5	They're running a special limited time only sandwich right now. Chipotle chicken with avocado or something like that?BOMB.  GO TRY IT.Meatball sandwich was whatever, I'd stay away.
5	These delicious awesome hot sandwiches really do deserve their royal gold robe incasing! I posed with my sandwich, as I posed with a brick of good. Smiling ear to ear before sinking my teeth into the deliciousness. Bread, meat, cheese, and everything in between was well played like a savory symphony. I really was smiling and eating at the same time :)cons: holy moly the lines are long. Even at 5AM in the morning.. there's a bit of a line..worth it? DEFINITELY!I will keep one eye open for every other Earls Sandwiches in any city!
5	My absolute FAVORITE sandwich place, EVER. Love their new Chipotle Chicken Avocado! Fresh soft avocado, extremely flavorful and tender chicken, and none of those soggy bread nonsense! YAY! A very satisfying grab and go brunch. Other sandwiches that I recommend are the Cannonballs and Hawaiian BBQ! So so good...and as for the meatball sandwich, trust me when I tell'ya that this is not the same crap you get from the Subway. As for beverages, I fell in love with their Frozen Lemonade; a new benchmark for how all frozen lemonade should be made! Alright Earl, you got yourself another happy and returning customer. Keep up the good work!
4	4 & 1/2 Stars! Outstanding! Price, service, and taste are all fantastic. We had the club and ham n Swiss. We will be back
4	Went to the Earl in Planet Hollywood. LUCKILY I got there right before a HUGE line formed. I was very pleased with the number of sandwiches offered as well as the flavors of what I got. The only surprise though, was that the sandwiches are a little small for the price. Oh well, it IS Las Vegas!
2	So I finally try this place not because of the hype, not because of word of mouth, but because I had tickets to a show at the Planet Hollywood theater. So with some time to kill, me and the wifey decided to have dinner before the show. Sad to say, I have more negative observations than positive ones so let me get the negative ones out of the way so if you make it to end of this review, then at least you can reflect on some of the positives if you do decide to go here.For starters they only have one size sandwich (6 inches) for 5.99. I had to order another sandwich just so I can have that satisfied full feeling. So 12 bucks for a foot long? Sheesh! They only use one kind of bread which is a ciabatta type. It's good but if they had sourdough or wheat it can give whatever choice sandwich you choose a whole nother world of flavor. For their meat whether it's chicken, ham, roast beef, or turkey, they put just enough for you to be able to taste it. Of course you can double the meat for an additional charge. Also don't forget you need a drink to wash it down. So more money out of your wallet. Just do what some people do. They ask for a water cup and fill it with soda. Won't be long before they start charging for that too probably. If you eat here at any time between 12 and 4 am, you're guaranteed to see drunk, fresh from the club, and high people gettin their hungry grub on. I don't know about you guys, but nothing good ever happens between those hours and Earl's is no exception.So for the positives. Yes their sandwiches are flavorful, open 24 hours, (which is not always a good thing as described above), and at least you get free refiils on soda. So if I just happen to be at Planet Hollywood for some reason and it's not the freaks come out at night period, I will have a sandwich or two if my wallet allows it.
4	First thing I eat when I come to Vegas! The sandwiches are awesome! Some of my favorite sandwiches- Chipotle Chicken avocado - The original 1762- Full Montagu- Tuna Melt- Caribbean Jerk Chicken It's open 24 hours and great for after clubbing muchies. It's cheap so don't be surprised when you see the long lines!
5	My god it's delicious, AND cheap. Open 24 hours for those who party late into the night.
5	Yummy sandwich spot after clubbing. Price is good, the sandwich is one of the best sandwich I had. My favorite is the tuna sandwich. You gotta try it if you like tuna. :)
4	I've been here far too much then I'd like to admit. If you're anywhere near this part of the strip, staying at either the Cosmo, Bellagio, PH towers/Elara, or clubbing at Marquee, you're more than likely going to end up here at some part of the day.Very solid hot sandwiches, everything from the toppings to sauce is well balanced within and for $6 its quite the steal in Vegas. With their toasted bread, each bite is paired with a savory crunch along with their simple sauces, making it hard not to fall in love with what you're eating. I personally get the Full Montague when I swing by the first time since another future sandwich is inevitable. Stand out sandwiches include the original and club, and if you're feeling adventurous go with the Caribbean jerk sandwich. Only item I'd skip is the meatball/Cannonball sandwich, its pretty standard and nothing to write home about.Lines can be pretty long but the it moves fast and there's plenty of seating, making this 24/7 spot a great place to grab a bite as you're shuffling your sore feet back to your room.
4	$6 bucks for a sandwich in Vegas!? I can't even find that in SoCal. There's always a long line but it moves quick and worth the wait.I've tried their breakfast sandwiches, special sandwiches, and their salads, all are very good. But if you go here, get a sandwich at least- well worth your money.My favorite is the Earl Club with turkey and bacon but I also loved the bacon and egg breakfast sandwich too. They give plenty of bacon here :)Open 24 hrs. What more do you want?
5	This is the spot to hit up everything Im in vegas. Super satisfying, at any hour!Carribean Jerk Chicken, Hawaiian is a bit too sweet. I dont recall what else i have tried, but im confident they're all amazingly delicious! YAH!!!!
5	Good and Cheap!!!Everyone, I mean EVERYONE tells me great things about this place. Earl is located in Planet Hollywood. You just line up, pick your sandwich, pick up anything else you'd like (e.g. Chips, desserts, yogurt), pay, and wait for your food. I opted for the CAPRESE SANDWICH. So good! Mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, and balsamic vinegar. SOO good! And what, four to five bucks only?! Wait, open 24 hours?! What?!  Can't wait until they open a location in down town Disney!!!
5	I never want to order sandwich any other place again except here. This place is legit!I tried the club, chiptole with chicken, and the original. I love it all. I can't pick a fave. The best part is that it was cheap (compare to other places you can eat in vegas). Its also 24 hours!Heres a tip: to avoid the line just call in your order and go straight to the pick up line.
4	The Full Montegu is the way to go!Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard SauceThere is definitely a layered texture to it. I feel like I am eating 2 sandwiches at the same time -because of the turkey and beef. And the bread, I can just eat that all day.
5	My boyfriend is a sandwich NUT and this is his new favorite place!!! His exact words were "this is the BEST sandwich I've ever had in my entire life". The chipotle chicken avacado sandwich is a must try! We live in San Diego and are planning a trip to Anaheim just for another sandwich :)
5	The best! Not over priced, great tasting, always fresh, and quick service even with a long line.
5	The Holiday sandwich is my fave! I swear I never tasted a sandwich like it and I can't wait to wrap my mouth around another one!
4	Heard good things about this place so we decided to give it a try :) Plus, we were walking around inside Planet Hollywood anyways! haha.The line was huge upon arrival, but no worries, it moves super fast!There were too many choices to pick from, but I decided on The Full Montagu.It contains: roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, and mustard.The bread was soft and delicious (they ran them under toasters to warm them up.)It was a good sandwich, and I'd totally go back if I'm ever in the area.
4	Came her twice through out my Vegas stay. Sandwiches were huge and worth the dollars. They stay open 24 hours? So after a night of gambling, clubbing or drinking,.. you can stop here for some comfort food. Prices were reasonable, nothing really over 10 dollars.  Good Sandwiches and loved the Montague! My friends also got the ice cream sandwiches and soups. All for a decent Vegas price!! I will be back!
3	I was excited to go to this often raved about place, but left with a good, so-so experience.I got the Montague with the Wisconsin Cheddar soup, Earl's lemonade and cookie bites. The sandwich was tasty, but I found a little bland. For me, it could've use more condiments or sauce, but by the time I was eating, I was out of range of any. The roast beef was really good though, I can tell, but I could've done with either more or crisper veggies. My preference. The bread is nice and toasted. The Wisconsin cheddar soup was ok. Not a fan of cheese soups. I used it as a dip for my sandwich to give it more flavor. Earl's lemonade was kind of watery tasting, but I figured I might have been either used to or expecting really strongly flavored drinks. I think a sweeter or more tea flavor would've been nice.I didn't like the cookie bites, I found them too dry and hard, but my boyfriend really like them. It's a tasty sandwich and meal overall, but the line is killer. I would eat there again if it weren't for the crowd.
4	I give Earls a 5 since this is the best sandwich place that I've been to. The selection of sandwiches can please every persons taste buds and the best part is that it's cheap and is open 24 hours! Service: They make your sandwich pretty damn quick and they are able to answer any questions that you have. Food: I always get The Original 1762 which is roast beef, sharp cheddar and creamy horseradish sauce. I absolutely love this sandwich! *This is the best place to go after clubbing! **If you have to yack then do it before you eat the sandwich otherwise it will be a complete waste
5	Really awesome sandwiches. probably not enough to fill you up if your really hungry. but the flavors and taste are great. free refills for drinks. enough space to sit comfortably. large parties are ok. just not to many. surrounded by slots and other things...noise level is medium high. close to the entrance where "pinks" is located. So you can pop in and out for a quick bite! open late too! gotta try it at least once...really worth it!
4	Great food great broccoli and cheese soup! Just check your to go order before leaving because sometimes its wrong. Happened to me twice already. Will be back to eat there again.
5	Come here during the winter, I believe its called the "holiday sandwich." Turkey, cranberry & mash potatoes! =9
5	Absolutely one of the most fantastic sandwiches I have ever had for a fast food joint.  If you can wait out the long line, it will definitely be worth it.  I was not expecting much because the sandwiches are visually underwhelming.  But after they go through the oven it is transformed into a masterpiece that orchestrates itself fully in your mouth.  The best way to describe it is if Quizno's had a love child with Hot Pockets. Don't expect a deli type of sandwich experience with meats piled high.  This is more on the level of a simple sandwich done to a higher level.
5	Honestly, if a 4.5 stars out of 2070 reviews doesn't make you want to try Earls than I don't know what will.  BUTMaybe it will be the $5.99 price tag for a hot sandwichMaybe it will be the soft toasted bread you get your sandwich on.Maybe it will be the fresh roast beef slices they put on your sandwichMaybe it will be the loud drunkards you can watch spilling out of Rock Bottom while you are standing in line at EarlsMaybe it will be the gourmet brownie ice cream sandwiches they have. Maybe your a vegetarian so this is one of the only legit places you can get a healthy/veggie meal (Veggie and Caprese sub) Maybe it'll be the fact that since you're in Vegas you are opting to eat only one meal a day to save money for gambling. Maybe its the fact that they are open 24/7Do yourself a favor, stand in line (it goes by quickly) and try an Earl Sandwich. We went back twice in the 3 days we were in Vegas....YELP 365: 160/365
5	Earl's please come to Nor Cal. Your chipotle chicken makes me want to mission all the way back to Vegas so that I can just have the littlest taste of its awesomeness. Love that there wasn't a line at 4 in the morning. Until we meet again Earl of all sandwiches!
5	This place has BOMB sandwiches, definitely the best I've ever had in all sandwiches I've had in my life.  This place has to be on everyone's checklist for Vegas trips.  Lines are long but that just proves how popular it is and a testament to how great their sandwiches really are.  I swear each bite of a sandwich is so flavorful makes me wonder what do they put in it to make it so good!?! Prices are reasonable and I've only tried a few sandwiches but they were all fantastically flavorful.  I would give any of their sandwiches a try.  Sober or drunk this place is a must try.  It may become one of your favorite food places in Vegas :)  Oh and the best part is its open 24/7, so convenient!!
5	There is a reason why the line curving around Earl's which extends to the long pathway of PH's miracle mile exists everyday. Because the sandwiches are that. good.Earl's has never disappointed me - other than the brutally long wait that occurs at literally the most random times of day. I think I've waited less at noon than around 3-4pm. But duh, it's vegas, and when in vegas, bedtime doesn't happen til 6am so of course, lunch will take place later. So I suggest go as early as physically possible. The full montagu and caprese sandwiches are my favorites, but literally everything on the menu is delicious.Considering the lengthy line, service here is quick. I mean, lightning fast. After you order, the wait is no longer than 7 minutes (oddly specific of me, but I'm serious) to get your food. Making the long wait that much more worth it.
5	Hands down, one of the best sandwiches ever!  You gotta get the Tuna Melt -  Unreal!!!!  A visit to Vegas without stopping at Earl's is a waste -  It's located in Planet Hollywood
5	My bf and I went Monday night and Thursday night based on yelp reviews and we were NOT disappointed! The Italian, chipotle and Hawaiian sandwiches are so melty and full of flavor, I felt like I had a wonka golden ticket as I was unwrapping it! We definitely will go again!
4	You know, there's not much else to say that the other 2000 people haven't.Yes, it's bomb. The bread is ridiculous. The price isn't bad for how much you get in the sandwich. There is always a line but it goes by super fast. I think they need more tables because we were standing around looking for a place to sit 5 people but we found a spot. Perfect sandwich. Definitely will be coming back on our next trip to Vegas!! Right next to the casino and towards the end of the miracle mile shops.
5	Best sandwiches ever....period! A trip to vegas is.not.complete without an earl of sandwhich pit stop!
5	First time I had this place after my friends were racing about EARL's! Was walking back to our hotel pretty late and we stopped by. So Good. This place will have to be a routine every time I come back! BRAVO...Food: 8.5Service: 6.5
5	There are so many amazing things I can write about Earl of Sandwich... I can't believe I didn't stop by this place the last time I was in Vegas!! How could anyone resist a savory $6 lunch on the strip?! I tried The Full Montagu Sandwich, which seemed to be one of the more popular sandwiches on the menu. It consists of Roast Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss and Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes and Earl's Special Mustard Sauce. Damn this sandwich was good! Bread - perfect, combination of meats - perfect, toppings and sauce - PERFECT. There isn't much for me to say about the service or the ambiance, just because its at such a busy corner in Planet Hollywood, but the food can speak for itself. I think it's also important to note that the line is intimidatingly long, but never fear, it moves fairly quickly. I think it's safe to say that I'll be stopping by Earl's whenever I'm in Vegas. Although... it will be much easier getting my fix once the Anaheim location opens!! Until then... Vegas Earl of Sandwich it is!
4	It's a pretty good Sando place that is 24 hours!  I came here twice, 5.99 for a sandwhich TOASTED - Cannot really complain.
5	YOU MUST COME HERE WHILE YOU'RE IN VEGAS!$6 sandwiches and open late. Need I say more?Whether you're going for lunch or late night, there is generally ALWAYS a line. However, the line moves quickly and food is totally worth it for what you get.I always order The Full Montagu. It's located in Planet Hollywood and it's a great place to go during the day to grab some grub and explore the countless shops they have.
3	Excellent sandwiches!!  I've gone here a handful of times and the food is delicious for anything comparable in price in Vegas.The reason for the lower rating is that the last time I went, their 'system went down for 30 minutes' which apparently means they aren't able to make a sandwich.  So there were 10 or so employees standing around with knives, meat and bread right in front of them.  I'm guessing either the employees wouldn't know how to count change without a computer, or the management has no plan in place to service the customer when something like that happens.  Quite disappointing.  After 5 minutes of waiting I went somewhere else.The chances of this happening to the readers are probably low, so don't let this stray you from their great sandwiches.
4	Love love love this place! It is only fitting that a sandwich the menu be named after the Montagu legacy.  John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, apparently loved to gamble (nice we have a couple locations then huh?) and after playing 24 hours straight, he asked the cook to make him something easy to hold in one hand and eat and the other hand could be free to play cards. He was brought 2 pieces of bread with meat in between it. This is the story I got from the restaurant, seems maybe the cook actually invented it?! I first went to Earl of Sandwich in California at Downtown Disney and really enjoyed it so I was happy when we got an EOS! I can't believe it is only about $6 per sandwich! It tastes so fresh and yummy. I can easily eat just one and be full but my hubby does need 2 to get full. I like the "Full Montagu" which has  Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. I have them hold the lettuce (just my personal preference).If you are not a meat eater they have a couple sandwiches for you called the "veggie" and "caprese" and a variety of soups. I like the "Wisconsin Cheddar" for the soup it is really tasty.The next thing I am going to try is one of their wraps. I do want to mention the line is sometimes very long but I promise you that it moves very quickly. You can even bring your own soda or stop at a gas station and get something if you wanted to save a bit and not pay for one of theirs.
5	Loved the tuna!
5	Awesome ! Just long lines around lunch hours
5	The best sandwich place in Las Vegas, their sandwiches are hot (literally) and the bread is irresistible. It's open 24 hours, so it's a good place to eat after being buzzed or so. The cost is low compared to Vegas standards, and the wait time for your order takes about 5 to 15 minutes. I ordered the Full Montagu the last time I went, and I enjoyed EVERY BITE of it. The frozen lemonade was also pretty good. So if you're on the strip, go down to Earl of Sandwich and order a sandwich. Or two. Or three. As much as you want.
4	Earl of Sandwich really is great! I would definitely come back here to try the other sandwiches.Upon arrival to this place, there was a long line.  There aren't many tables and seats for people to dine in.  This place is crowded, but it deserves it due to the deliciousness of their sandwiches.  I tried the Tuna Melt here and it was enjoyable. For about $6 I was able to indulge in the soft freshly-baked bread and the warm tuna filling.  The sandwich isn't huge, but it does grant satisfaction to the taste buds and is very easy-going on the teeth and gum when I take a bite into it.  I also tried the "Full Montagu", which was not as flavorful.  It still was enjoyable and I can eat about 5 of it.  My favorite is the Italian sandwich, since there was a good amount of flavor in the salami and vegetables.  Overall, the sandwiches should be a little bigger and some of them need a kick in flavor.My experience would have been better if they did not give us the wrong buzzer and made us wait 45 minutes for the sandwiches.  We were trying to be patient and waited for the sandwiches.  After 45 minutes, we decided to go back up and ask why they took so long. Then they explained the situation and made us fresh, new sandwiches.  In addition, they gave us a FULL refund.  Their level of dealing with customer concerns is awesome.
5	Hands down one of the best and most tasty sandwich joints ever.  Went to take my canadian roommates here and they loved itPros - food delicious and is just pure awesomeness    open 24 hrs so day or night you can always have something delicious   service is great for the amount of volume they getCons - the club at planet hollywood sux? lol thats all i can think of =) enjoy
5	Best PB&J I've ever had and it was only $4 (kids menu only)
5	I feel like the last kid on the block to finally get a pair of the hottest high-tops (or should I say trying out the much talked about Earl).We were passing back through Vegas on our epic weekend in Utah, and we decided to spend a night in Vegas (believe me it was hard to leave the next day) the only request I had besides hitting up a buffet and laying out at the pool with a drink is to stop at Earl's and have a sandwich.With that in mind, we all planned to hit this place up for lunch the next day! Earl is easy to locate, half in the PH casino/half in the miracle mile mall. We arrived about 1:00ish and there was a small line, it moved fast which was good. Trying to decide on what to order became a picked as fast as possible which is never an option for me since I saw four sandwiches that interested me!Their menu has plenty to pick from along with salads and wraps. Going on the more "healthy" route I picked a wrap, now which one to choose from (oh the choices).A tiny part of me really wished they could have made the jerk chicken sandwich into a wrap, but they pretty much only can make salads into wraps (boo)! The cashiers are fast yet friendly. If you have a question, they are more than happy to answer it for you!It was our turn and I placed my order:The Earl's Cobb Wrap-grilled chicken, smoked bacon, Swiss and sharp cheddar cheese, Roma tomatoes, cucumber, cranberries and Buttermilk Ranch Dressing.I opted not to have the swiss cheese (not a fan). Tossed in some BBQ kettle chips and I was good to go, Minh grabbed our number, and a drink and we were off to find a table. Did not take us too long to find a place for the four of us to sit at. Getting our sandwich and wrap did not take too long either.Before I knew it, I had my much-awaited wrap sitting in front of me bagging to be open. I have to admit that i  had a "Willy Wonka" moment peeling back the golden paper. Sitting inside the golden paper was a delicious wrap filled with all the goodies; I could not take it anymore. I had to take a bite or two. Bite one... wow this is scrumdiddlyumptious! but oh no my chicken and lettuce fell out the back end of my wrap, the bf was super sweet to stop eating to go and get me a fork so I could eat what fell out. Bite two... I loved the cranberries in the wrap; it gave it a subtle sweet kick. The ranch was prefect in the amount they gave you.And yes, there was plenty of chicken, cheese, and bacon with every bite!The chips are good too, not to greasy but more of a lighter taste with a whole lot of flavor and crunch!I left not feeling overly full, but just the right amount of being satisfied! Cannot wait until their new location in Anaheim opens! It will be Earltastic!!!
4	Had this every single day of my trip and sometimes twice a day-- why? Because it's convenient, always open and cheap. Sucks when the line is super long (almost always), but it goes by pretty fast. Wasn't the best sandwich I ever had (I don't think..), but it definitely beats the typical chain sandwich shops. We also came back a lot to try all the different sandwiches they had to offer. Will I be back? Of course if I'm staying in planet hollywood, It's convenient!
4	We had several breakfasts here because we'd rather save our money for lunch/dinner.  Compared to the typical Starbucks/Panera breakfast sandwich, Earl of Sandwich are about a buck more but definitely more delicious.  For a quick, cheap start to your day, this is your best bet.
4	Finally made it over to see what all of the Earl of Sandwich hype is all about. My sweetie and I decided on lunch out today and a sandwich is what popped in my head and someplace new!I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ, grilled chicken, roasted Ham, aged Swiss, pineapple & Hawaiian BBQ Sauce. It was sweet and good, the meat was moist and juicy. I could have eaten two of these mmmm yum!My sweetheart got the The Full Montagu,  roast beef, turkey,  swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce. We each took a bite of each others sandwich and they are both delicious.We also both ordered a side of potato salad, mmm yum made with the red skin potatoes, was good. Unlimited fountain drinks, coffee and iced tea as well as hot tea.We will stop by again if at Planet Hollywood hotel and casino however don't think will make a special trip to dine here like we did today. I am glad my curiosity has finally been fulfilled :)
4	Was able to try the following:-Tomato Soup: I enjoyed this.  The croutons in it were good, and I'm typically not a crouton fan.-Chipotle Chicken Sandwich: Good sandwich, comes with avocado as well.-The Original: Very flavorful and savory.-Jerk Chicken: I actually thought this wasn't too bad though my fiancee didn't particularly enjoy this one.  The bell peppers and peppercinis gave it a nice fresh feel, though it's not quite "jerk" as you would expect.Not bad, I'd go again.
3	**** 2.5 stars ****I suppose this is technically an edible sandwich and it's cheap, which is the only reason I'm rounding up here, but what the hell is with all this praise? 2,000 reviews+ and still a 4.5 star rating for something less edible than any random Quiznos or Potbelly... I just don't get it. Granted, I was doing everything I could to keep my brain from pounding out of my skull as Brian and I waited patiently in the somewhat quick moving but incredibly long line, but I still think I was functioning enough to know that this was a disappointment of pretty big proportions.A few years ago when Nicole was staying in Vegas for a brief conference I suggested the Earl as one of the places she should definitely hit for a quick meal, based mainly on the overwhelming number of positive reviews. Her response was basically "it's a good sandwich", with little emphasis in either direction. I thought, OK, maybe she just tried the wrong one (although it was definitely the one I would have gone for as well). I happened to see Venu N's review just prior to my trip, and it sort of confirmed what I was fearing, that this was somehow just the average public broadcasting basement show which somehow snowballed itself into primetime relevance. Or perhaps it's some combination of groupthink with the more dangerous drunkthink.I think I only paid about $6 for my "Cannonballs!" sandwich, which is probably fair enough, but it was just so unimpressive. Just look at the photo, it's sad. The bread was warm and toasted on the ends but not so much in the middle, and the meatballs were sparse and cold inside. I felt less awful, physically, after eating it, but I'm not so sure that statement couldn't have applied to virtually anything at that point. There really just isn't anything special here. I was certainly still hungry afterwards, as these sandwiches are pretty small when compared to their competition.I implore you, ignore all the "amazing" and "OMG" nonsense that you'll read here. It really is quite a simple creation that has a different name people aren't familiar with (outside of the Yelp praise), and thus they mistakenly value it higher than any other chain which could easily supplant it. If you, for some reason, happen to be in this dreadful mall and simply cannot make it anywhere else before dying of starvation, then go ahead and eat here. Otherwise, find a better meal elsewhere, because really, who comes to Vegas to go the cheap route?
5	I'm not going to even read any of the other reviews and instead spend all my attention on talking about how amazing this place is. I always stay at Planet Hollywood when I'm in Vegas so it's a no brainer that I usually end up eating at the Spice Market Buffet(which happens to be the #1 rated buffet in Vegas) or The Buffet at the Aria ( which I believe should be the #1 rated). I always passed by Earl of Sandwich during my shopping trips at Miracle Mile, but I never sat down to try their food.Last week in Vegas as I was going back to my room around 5AM I realized just how hungry I was...and so there it was, Earl of Sandwich- OPEN 24 hours! Hell yes. I ordered myself a BLT Sandwich and to my surprise it was heavenly. The bacon was crisp-and there was an abundance of it. The mayo was not overdone, and the tomatoes, well just ask for extra tomatoes if you are like me ( I like a decent balance between my meats and tomatoes). And it cost like $7!!!!!I went to sleep and woke up dreaming about Earl of Sandwich..so I had it for breakfast....then lunch...and then dinner..and then a late night midnight snack. I wasn't the only one though, everyone in my group felt the same exact way. I rather eat Earl of Sandwich than go to those dumb restaurants- ( although that all you can eat Brazilian BBQ place at Caesars is the greatest place on Earth).What I ordered throughout my trip:BLT sandwich- ask for extra tomatoesApple- DELICIOUS and fresh.Coffee- surprisingly amazing. Although Starbucks is located across the Black Jack  Tables, I wouldn't budge. Breakfast Sandwich- Eggs/Cheese/Bacon- AMAZINGChicken/Avocado Club- this was my second favorite sandwich, I really liked the sauce they used..might have been Chipotle sauce. YUM!Anyways, just give them a try...you WON'T regret it.
5	As far as I'm concerned, this is the best sandwich (I've found so far) on the Vegas strip. I'm pretty sure I've ordered the same thing, The Full Montagu, all 3 times I've been to EoS, but why mess with something good?And if you're up for dessert, the double chocolate ice cream sandwich is SUPERB. If you're a fan of the Toll House variety, this one's even better.Could they use a better drink selection? Well, for a sandwich shop, it's actually pretty good.I just can't find any negatives here. 5 stars FTW.
3	A solid sandwich.  I wouldn't recommend a special trip.  I'm mystified by all the gushing in these reviews, really.  The place ain't bad, though.
5	All I can say is YUM! This place is awesome in so many different ways! We were staying at Planet Hollywood for my birthday weekend, and after a day worth of drinking, walking and going to Thunder from Down Under, we wanted a snack so my friend recommended this place. I didn't really think anything of it because I though, "Sandwich? Whatever, it's like Subways or Quiznos." I was totally wrong. I ordered the Earl club and it was the best sandwich I've ever had! The bread was perfectly toasted, a little crunch on the outside and nice soft and warm on the inside. The cheese was perfectly melted and blended into the meat and the bacon was savory and crunchy! What makes this place even better is it's open 24 hours! So while I was drunken passed out on the floor in my hotel room, my awesome boyfriend got me the American Sub and a brownie for the morning after. Even though it wasn't freshes, it still tasted awesome and the brownie tasted like it was homemade!  OH and the sandwiches are huge! It's more of a meal than a snack in my opinion!Only downside is that the lines get pretty long and the wait is even longer. When I went with my girls, we waited at least 15 minutes to get our order taken and then another 25 minutes to get our food. However, it was well worth it and I'm not even that big on sandwiches! I would totally recommended this place to anyone who hasn't tried it!
5	You don't have to be drunk and stumbling in at 2 am to love this place (though I'm sure they are use to it :) So freakin good!  Turkey Club was amazing!  For my Homies in the 407, there is one in Lake Buena Vista!
5	As far as lunches on a budget goes, no one beats "Earl of Sandwich".  Fresh food, quick service, and best of all:  Fantastic flavors.  I recommend "The Original".
4	The bread.For $5.99, you get a medium size oven cooked sandwich, but the size is deceiving.  The bread is pretty dense, and fills you up fairly well, as opposed to Subway or Quiznos which is all air.The bread is crowning feature of the sandwiches.  It isn't cooked until you order your sandwich, and then your sandwiched it put through what resembles a pizza oven.  The bread is crispy along the edges, and yummy.I wish they put more filling, and more veggies, though.  I ordered the jerk chicken, and my mom ordered the tuna melt.  It seems like it would taste must better if the ratio of bread to stuffing was more balanced.  They probably can't over-stuff it though, in fear it wouldn't cook completely.  When I come here again, I'm going to probably order the Full Monague.  The pictures of it look delicious.
5	If you are in Vegas - this is a MUST GO TO PLACE. Line will be long but order the original and another sandwich. Order two for around 15bucks, it's a deal stopper out in LV!!!! Remember order two , if you wait in that line long enough you'll understand why I am telling you to order two.
3	After a long night of clubbing in Vegas, my friends and I started to get hungry and we decided to check out Earl of Sandwich because of the raving reviews. Located in Planet Hollywood, it is pretty convenient and easy to find if you're staying somewhere on the strip. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was decent, but not the best sandwich I've ever had. It's a good munchie snack but I probably wouldn't dine here for a proper lunch or dinner with all the other numerous food options around the area.
5	Likes: chicken chipotle sandwich = DELICIOUS.  perfect after a long night out in VegasDislikes: coleslaw is soso
3	So freaking average. We came here because of all the reviews. We waited in a super long ass line and had a little trouble finding it. All that to get to mediocre sandwiches. I did notice that 90 percent of the line looked like college students. Maybe because it was somewhat affordable is why so many people like it. Otherwise, I don't get it.???
4	Great sandwiches, wraps & salads when you're looking for cheap food fast in an otherwise pricey section of the strip. I had the caprese wrap on one visit & a mediterranean chicken salad on another. The wrap was good, not great, but totally worth $5.99. The salad was HUGE, delicious, and also a bargain at $5.99.
5	This place is a MUST!!  The sandwiches are amazing and the service is quick.
4	Earl of sandwiches this place is really good.  bLT and  The Earl,yummy. Defiantly eat here agin.
5	Oh my god amazing!Such a great find in Vegas.  Delicious cheap food, there for you whenever you could possibly be hungry.The tomato soup is incredible.I will be here often during all of my future Vegas trips.
5	Earl's is pretty much the only thing that can get me up in the morning after a long and crazy vegas night.The Original sandwich is my absolute favorite sandwich on the planet. Insanely tasty bread, roast beef cooked to perfection, melted cheese, and creamy horseradish sauce (mayo and horseradish, essentially). It's simple, yet SO delicious.  I can eat this sandwich for every meal when i'm in Vegas...I say this not for dramatic effect, but because I really can...and I pretty much have.The price is right and, though i can't speak for the quality of the rest of the sandwiches, the Original is so freaking tasty it doesn't matter what else is even on the menu.
3	"The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" Hardly.If you truly believe that, then you've never eaten at Ike's in San Francisco. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ikes-place-san-francisco)Ike's Dutch Crunch bread puts Earl's "artisan" bread to shame and while I would love to go off on the variety of sandwiches Ike's has compared to Earl's, and the fact that the Ike's Dirty Sauce just kills everything else Earls could even offer, I won't.Is it fair to compare the two? Well, when you have a tag line like "The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich"... well you better have the-worlds-greatest-hot-sandwich. I tried 3 different sandwiches just to get a grasp of what they were doing:Full Montague - nothing specialItalian - my favorite of the 3, but it's hard to go wrong with salami, capicola, mozzarella, etc.Caribbean Jerk Chicken - not a fan of this flavor profileActually, my favorite thing they had there was what I pulled out of the freezer... the Brownie Cream Pie. I'm not a dessert person, but the brownie was rich without being too sweet and went well with the ice cream. I guess you could say this review is a hype vs reality thing. I don't know if everyone is just so drunk and hung over that their taste buds are out of whack or, the fact that the shape and wrapper give everyone the illusion that they are about to eat something "golden", but realize this sandwich is just a small step up from Quizno's... It's good bite to eat when your on the strip and need quick fix, but let's keep it real folks... 3 stars is being generous. (That's more a of a quality to value rating more than anything)
5	Blackjack table robbed you? Payed the $100 cover to the nightclub the night before? Spent all your money on that one stripper? Earl of Sandwich FEELS YOU and is HERE FOR YOU.This place is just a sandwich spot. The reason it gets a 5 is because it does what it does well. Sandwiches are roughly 6 bucks and these sandwiches are GOOD. If Yelp doesn't persuade you, the long line to order will. These people aren't waiting in line for Subway sandwiches. My go-to sandwich is the FULL MONTAGUE. All ingredients are quality and fresh. They have a bunch of sides you can pick up with your sandwich that are also quality and fresh. It's not the best sandwich that I've ever had, but it's muhfuggin up there. I always come here when I visit Vegas. If you're not ballin and want some good food, make your way to Earl.
4	You went out clubbing and now have the late night drunchies? This is the place to be. You will be very happy. Perhaps busier during the hours of 3AM-6AM than during most times in the day, this is where all the young people who've been enjoying the Vegas nightlife flock to after they've had enough at the clubs. Do make it a point to stop by!The Earl's Club is the best sandwich.Real talk: the sandwiches here are good, but the overall 4.5 star rating you see above is most certainly inflated by the fact that people come and eat here after they have been out dancing/drinking for a while. But I guess that's only something you need to keep in mind if you're going to come here during the day.
5	Wow... a decent priced meal in Vegas...and it was GOOD!  This is a great sandwich shop!  I love hot sandwiches, and this has to be one of ...if not the best I have had.  it is in a great location, just between the Miracle Mile shops and the Casino in Planet Hollywood.  I suggest making this a must stop for a bite! YUM!
4	This place was at the top of my list. I knew that by the end of my trip I have to make my way here. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken- Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. The sandwich came out wrapped like a brick of gold. It was hot and the bread was toasted. It was the best thing I ate all weekend. When I got back to my hotel, I devoured what remained of my sandwich quickly.Earl's is worthy of being my regular Vegas dining spot! It's open 24 hours and it's cheap. Sandwiches are about $6. What more can I ask for?
5	This place is fantastic. First is because the sandwiches are so good, I have tried just about every one and you can't go wrong. The second reason is the price, I believe it's about 6 dollars or so for a sandwich, very cheap when you consider what else is on the strip. The only down side is that most of the time there is a long line, no matter what time of day you go. But the staff moves it along pretty well so the wait is never too long.
4	Hubby and I went walking on the strip for a couple hours and made our way to Earl's before we headed home. Since we had a slice of pizza at Paris, we decided to share a sandwich here and went with The Original (Roast Beef, Cheese and Creamy Horseradish - which we requested for on the side). The sandwich was hot and the bread was toasted just perfectly. The meat was tender and juicy at the same time with a little bit of the fatty flavor - yum. The best part was the creamy horseradish...made the sandwich 10x more delicious! Can't wait to try other choices (Tuna Melt, BLT, Full Montague)....get your fries fix somewhere else though. They only have chips and a small variety of dessert options.
3	Simply not the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  We ordered the Full Monty, Jerk Chicken, All American, & The Original.   I got to try each one.  Each one lacked flavor and meat.   My family was not fully satisfied and was left hungry for something else more to eat... Anything but an Earl sandwich.  The service was lack luster.   The kids behind the counter were unenthusiastic and seem to hate their jobs.  I'm finding this type of work culture pervasive in Vegas.  It's unfortunate that the tourist in Vegas ready to spend their vacation money aren't treated with some degree of enthusiasm.   I'll get off my soap box... Else I can ramble on about this topic. The one good thing about the Earl is that it is quick.  We received our sandwiches neatly packed and bagged in under 10 mins.   Will we be back?  My kids say 'yes'.   They hate the long wait for tables and food in Vegas, so the Earl is just fine for them... I'm not too opposed as the sandwiches are a healthy alternative to some of the junk food on the strip.  This is my humble opinion.  Not sure what the other five star YELP reviews are all about...  To each their own.
5	The first stop in Vegas upon arrival was this sandwich shop.  Apparently its so popular, I ran into my friend from California, Steve, at 1 in the morning.  It was strange because he was directly behind me in line and when I saw him, I thought, "What the hell.  Small world."Anyway, the line  moved fast. The decor was cool and from what my friend told me, everything on the menu was delicious.  I was happy since the prices were actually reasonable.  $6-$8 for a sandwich.  I ordered a bacon chicken sandwich.I can see why this place is so popular.  The service was great, the price is fair, and their sandwiches were so tasty.  They had a bread which looked like cibatta bread and their ingredients seemed fresh.  It came out warm and newly made.  Someone once told me that it was the bread that makes or breaks a sandwich and this was a hit.The portions filled me up and I got nothing bad to say.  Great all around!
4	Its definitely better than like your average joe sub at Subway. But it's not like ORGASMICLY awesome~ it's definitely above average. I give them that. But it's a tad not overpriced  for a  small sandwich ($6-8), but what AM I SAYING?! it's VEGAS!!! (probably the best deal out there) hahaha but it's not the BEST OF THE BEST OF THE BEST sandwiches ever.... i'll tell you that much. It's def good though. I got the Earl's Club. Definite recommendation for the rookies out there. The worker will even recommend that....so THATTTT means.... you should at least try it.
4	Why is Earl's so good? The bun. The combinations. The price. That they are open late. My favs are the Original, the Italian, and the Cannonball. The line can be long, especially after the clubs let out, but the wait isn't too bad. I just don't know how else to describe how delicious these hot sandwiches are! You must try!
4	Staying at Planet Hollywood or any of the adjacent hotels, and in need of something to curb your hunger, drunkenness, hangover, or what have you? Earl's, baby. I've tried the originals, the club, some chicken one, and the one with lots of meat, and the caprese...I LOVE the caprese. So clean and fresh tasting. The best part I think, is their crunchy but soft on the inside bread. It really is the bread that makes this place, the sandwich insides are so-so.  Pretty good for your money too, for Vegas standards where everywhere else is twice the cost of food in California and probably quadruple the cost of food elsewhere.  Somewhere to stop for cheap, convenient food if you're in the vicinity of PH, the Hilton towers, Cosmo, etc.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's one of my go-to-first places in Vegas. It's in a great location, and it's open 24 hours!  I've only ordered the Tuna Melt for myself and shared the others, but it's seriously the best hot sandwich ever. They're also really decently priced--especially for what it is! It's $6-9, and totally worth it. They come in gold wrapping because that's what they are!I've also heard great things about their desserts. My boyfriend loves their ice cream sandwich, but I forgot to try it last time... Too caught up in sandwiches, haha.  I was also able to take some back to Southern California a day later and they were still good!Overall, a must-go to. Fast, friendly, and amazing.
5	Love the affordable yummy sandwiches here!!! And I love how they give it to you in the foiled wrapper in the bag!
5	Earl of Sandwich.. how I love thee!The sandwiches are smaller in comparison to a subway sandwich, but these sandwiches are SO worth it! They are more filling than you would expect! I would definitely recommend the Original, the Earl Club and pretty much everything is good on the menu so you really cant go wrong! I've also tried their cheddar soup which was delicious and their ice cream sandwich, also delicious! But of course the main attraction are the beautiful sandwiches wrapped in gold!
3	Don't let the long line scare you it moves very quick. Came in to grab lunch on a Wednesday afternoon a little after 2PM and there were 20 people ahead of us and only waited 5 minutes to order and a total of 20 minutes before stuffing my pie hole with a sammage. Huge menu with specialty sandwiches, salads, soups and desserts hang on the wall. Order at the front and given a pager then walk down a line filled with tempting add-ons like chips, drinks and desserts before you reach the other end of the counter to pay. Classic display of adding sales. Once you pay you wait until the pager lights up and vibrates which tells you the chow is ready. Order for two sandwiches took 10 minutes. They are wrapped in gold foil paper and are toasty warm. We found a table and got down to business. I had the Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich which came on a white roll with banana peppers and roasted red peppers. Portion was average around 6 inches. It tasted okay and was filling. Price can't be beat for Vegas $6.00 bucks each. It is like a quiznos sandwich. Nothing exciting nor fancy just an average sandwich.
2	Earl of Sandwich serves $6 sandwiches 24 hours a day. The problem is that the one and only sandwich I tried was extremely disappointing. I asked the lady at the counter for the most popular sandwich and she said, "Get the Earl Club." So, I did.Sadly, the strongest flavor for the Club was Charcoal because the crust of the Bread was burned just enough to make it snap-hard and bitter while the Bacon was 2 strips of even crunchier charcoal crisps. With skimpy toppings, light on the cheese, and not enough flavor to overcome the burnt taste, the Earl Club was a miss. I ate most of the Turkey and Cheese, but let the rest hit the trash can on the way out.The convenience of being connected to the Planet Hollywood Casino and Miracle Mile of Shops was nice, but the Earl of Sandwich was a losing bet in a city full of great eats. Treat it as a late night stomach-stuffer for $6. Nothing more. Nothing less.
5	Had the #1 and #2; recovery food at its finest!  $5.99 is one of the best bargains you'll find for lunch, dinner, or a late nighter in Planet Hollywood.  It's all about the bread!
5	Amazingly orgasmic $5.99 sandwiches to cure a majorly epic night of partying in Vegas! Located inside Planet Hollywood Hotel, 3am-3am, line can get long but goes fast. If you don't want to cash out on buffets all day you can get a sandwich here for every meal of the day coz its that worth it!
4	As much as i hated planet hollywood... i wanted to hate this place too. This place serves the best sandwiches! Its soooo BAMMB. I tried the tuna melt and it was delicious. And super cheap too! You have to try it if you stay at the hotel.
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood during my Vegas trip, and being a first, I had no idea what was around. Luckily for me, a few of my friends that went with me were "experienced" in this matter, so they suggested we go eat at Earl of Sandwich. First off, my group got there VERY late, so I thought they had closed.... NOPE. Earls is a 24 hour place which makes this one of the best places to go for late nights and just regular meals. As for the actual food, it's pretty damn cheap for what you get: a quality sandwich for under $10 (and when I say quality, I mean quality). I tried a few sandwiches here (got  2 on my first trip, and came during different times of the day), and they're all pretty good. I tried my friend's soup which wasn't the best, but still decent for what it was. The lines can get very long since this is one of the few 24 hour food places, but the wait is quite small. Service is fast so don't get turned away by any sort of line.Overall, a great place to go to at Vegas. Not a standard recommendation when you go to the City of Sin, but definitely a place to stop by if you're around Planet Hollywood.
4	It's hard to give a sandwich place 5 stars, but this place is as close as it gets! I finally made my way here after all my trips to Vegas, and I must say I've been missing out!! Their bread is probably why their sandwiches are so popular. Slight crisp on the outside but so soft and moist inside. It also helps that most of their sandwiches are full of cheese! My favorite! Nothing better than melted cheese combining all the ingredients together. My friend actually recommended the tuna, and I was like what? Who orders a plain old tuna melt at the most popular hot sandwich place?! Well, I was proved wrong because their tuna melt was probably the best I've ever had. Rich and creamy, and full of cheese! Every bite had a long strand of cheese pulling apart, and I just couldn't get enough of it! Even after finishing my Full Montague, I was stealing some tuna melt from my boyfriend. Thankfully, the two of us ordered 3 sandwiches (because we're gluttons), and we were stuffed at the end. The third sandwich was the All American, and it was really good too! The cranberry sauce made it sweeter, and the roasted turkey was also juicy and tender! I actually preferred the All American over my Full Montague, but maybe it's just because I'm not a huge mustard fan. My friend ordered a tomato soup along with his sandwich, and it was too sour for him to finish. Basically, just stick with the sandwiches! It called Earl of Sandwich, not Soup! Also, they're opened 24 hours!!! I can't think of a better place to go when you're hungry and drunk. It's seriously the best idea ever. Definitely one of the highlights at Vegas!
5	One of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time!  Each ingredient is superb and when put together, makes for a high quality and delicious sandwich.  I had the All-American, which came on perfectly toasted bread, with flavorful turkey.
5	I ate here again during a recent Vegas trip.  OK, I ate here three times during a recent Vegas trip.  Yep, it still rocks.
5	With all of the hype about this place, I thought it was going to be "just okay"...what can be SO GOOD about sandwiches?  Bread, meat, sauce, cheese..DONE.  Ummm...I definitely was wrong.  I tried Earl of Sandwich in the Planet Hollywood Hotel after going out and although the line was long, it was moving fast.  At first I couldn't decide on what to get, but I saw a sign for Chipotle Chicken Avocado (limited time) and I knew it was meant for me.  The employees are really funny even though it was 3 in the morning and they were super friendly!  I planned to eat half of the sandwich and save the other half for breakfast/lunch, but it was so delicious that I ate the whole thing before I knew it!  The bread was perfectly toasted, the chicken, lettuce, and bacon was so fresh and they were not stingy on the avocados!  P.S.  They are open 24 hours!!!!
5	Ummm....what can I say?!!!!I went to HEAVEN over the weekend! My girlfriend use to live in Orlando and she said we have to try Earl of Sandwich.  She said I won't regret it.  Well after a day of drinking, we had to try it.  The line btw for this place is RIDICULOUS!!!!! but so worth the wait.  Their most popular sandwich is the Tuna Melt.  It is phenomenal! I think it tastes even better when your drunk x10! We basically ate at Earl of Sandwich every night after drinking! All i can say isDO IT ! DO IT! DO IT! By extra for the morning after :) ahahhahh
5	Not sure if this place was really delicious because I was drunk or if this place is just that amazing. Either way, I don't expect to be fully sober anytime soon in Vegas, so that is not a major issue. I tried the original as well as the earl club because to be honest, one sandwich is not that big. You'll probably end up buying more than one to feel full. Thankfully, the staff is super fast and the intimidating line really isn't a problem. The sandwich itself was really good though. I was impressed by how the bread was able to retain its moisture and not dry out. Anyway, it's delicious; the Earl Club comes recommended by everyone. Check it out.
4	Tasty sandwich, good bread.  Had the Italian which was unbelievable, melts in your mouth.  Also had the Caribean Jerk which was also good.  For 6 bucks you can't go wrong.  Wanted to try the Loaded Bake Potato Soup but they didn't have it the next day but heard it was good.  Tried the egg sandwich for breakfast and it was pretty gross, no tasted and a little burnt...but they're not known for that I guess.
4	I had been wanting to try the Earl of Sandwich for a long time.  I had heard good things about it from friends, and had read lots of great Yelp reviews, so I was exciting to give it a try this past weekend when visiting Las Vegas.  My initial impression of the food was not good.  I was let down by the fact that my bread was pretty badly burnt on one side.  I had taken my food to go, and did not make the discovery of my bread being burnt until I got back to my room.  However, even with the sandwich being burnt, it was still decent.  Besides being burnt, the flavor of the other ingredients really stood out.  I had ordered the 'The Original', which is a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  After feeling like I missed out on something good, I decided to go back to the Earl of Sandwich the next day to give it another shot.  I ordered the same sandwich again, and it was so much better with the bread being slightly toasted.  I also got a potato salad, and liked that as well.  Overall, it was a very tasty meal.It is so hard to judge a place based off of one experience, and I am so glad that I went back to give the Earl of Sandwich another try.  My second meal was awesome, and I will definitely go back the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	LOVE EARL OF SANDWICH. Read the hundreds of reviews here on yelp and decided to go eat there last week when I was in Las Vegas. Being a vegetarian I stuck to their two choices of caprese and veggie. The sandwiches were extremely fresh tasting and yummy and warm. The bread went really well with the toppings. The price ($6) was also a big plus in expensive vegas but I'd eat there even if they charged a bit more.The sandwiches were pretty big and we would share 2 sandwiches between 3 of us. Tried there double chocolate muffin too which was simply scrumptious (comparable to the cupcake I ate at Sugar factory).I just wish I had an Earl's in the bay area too:(
5	Needed a late night or early bird bite after a long night at XS. I parked in the structure and walked over to this Earl of Sandwich...indoors in the Planet Hollywood complex. The line was long as all party goers seem to know its 24 hours! But the line moved very quickly. What's cool about this Earl of Sandwich is they also keep a constant cleaning staff (I was there at 4 AM). There is always someone on standby cleaning down tables and rearranging the chairs, keeping the dining area looking clean and fresh! Nice!The sandwiches...not too many choices but it seems the flavors here are on point. Wasn't feeling anything particularly meaty since right after this I was going to go to bed. So I ordered a Hot Caprese Sandwich! Pressed to perfection, my sandwich was filled with thick mozzarella chunks, tomatoes, fresh basil leaves and drizzled with balsamic vinegar. YUM! Really hit the spot with a bag of chips and an iced tea.If you're trying to cure that hangover or really needed a bite before bed, this is definitely the place to be in LV!
3	Maybe I just didn't get the right sandwich but I was really expecting more from Earl of Sandwich given how many of my friends have gone during their Vegas trips. I got the hawaiian bbq but it just tasted like any other sandwich... and with way too much bbq sauce. Blech. :/ I'd give it another try I guess, but I'm definitely not getting that one again.
4	Finally! ! A sandwich  place that is  different .... bread is awsome its toasted they way it should be in a sandwich.  Yummy.
5	Incredible sandwiches. Every single sandwich is great! The best sandwiches are the ones with roast beef and/or chicken. The sandwiches could be completely customized. You don't have to get the default sandwiches. Only 6 dollars for a sandwich.
5	I went here in 2010. We took about 2 hours to find it (being designated on foot by a drunk was not a good idea) but it was worth it! Since then, I have always returned. This sandwich shop is beyond amazing. The sandwiches are delicious. The soups taste heavenly. The desserts, I have enough cavities to vouch for their tastiness. I am obsessed with this spot. A must try spot if you're hungry but don't want a large buffet or a lame burger from the fast food joints.
4	I am in love. Earl of sandwich was recommended to me by a few friends who said this is a must try in vegas. Service: just like any other sandwich place such as subway, or quiznos you order and you pick up.Food: Oh my... where do I start... I've had earls everyday during my 3 day stay in vegas. Well worth the price you pay, you can see your food toasted and bubbling on the conveyor belt and steaming hot. The bread is one of the major things that makes this sandwich shop golden. You also get one of those buzzers while waiting for your sandwich so you don't have to stand inside the shop when it gets crowded. Overall: Yes yes yes! This is a must go to in vegas! Personal recommendation is the Earl Club!
5	POW! I had EARL OF SANDWICHES on a bogus lunch break for work while in Vegas. When your "break" entails you standing while hiding and eating at the same time, you know it sucks.But some friends felt bad for me and cruised by and brought me a Cannonballs (meatballs and mozzerella). And I hoovered that thing up in, seriously, two minutes?I friggin loved it, and best of all - it is open 24/7. That is a powerful move in Vegas. And for me, a guy that usually stays at the Paris... means more visits to the Earl fo-sheezy. I'm gonna try a few more sandwiches too.4.5 stars
4	My friends and I don't like waiting in line in Vegas. Not for EBC, not the guestlist line for Marquee that really only takes like 10 minutes, and definitely not the 2+ hrs line for Marquee general admission. But when we get to Earls and the line is so long that sections are cordoned off, we wait. That should tell you something about Earls.I've tried the Full Montague, the Italian, the Earl's Club, and the tomato soup. I've had Earl's fully sober and when I'm so drunk I can barely stay awake and walk but I somehow make it to Earl's. Everything I've tried has been good-- nicely toasted on soft fluffy bread. And for those of you who just spent a fortune on cover/drinks/gambling, the sandwiches are only about $6!
5	On my second trip to Vegas, I stayed at Planet Hollywood & was so excited to try this place, because I had heard so many raves about it. Even though I'm vegetarian, their regular meaty sandwiches looked delicious! I ordered the veggie sandwich, but customized it with cheddar cheese (instead of feta) & mayo/mustard (instead of balsamic vinagrette). I wish I had ordered it with avocado, but I forgot! IN ALL, it was WARM & DELICIOUS (: The bread was soooo gooood. I heard they're opening up one at Downtown Disney, which is right around the corner from my house, so I can't wait!! :]
5	Best sandwich in vegas, hands down. Hard to go wrong with anything on their menu.I recommend the hawaiian and the club.
4	Everything I wrote in my previous review still rings true. So why the two star upgrade?  Three words: CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO.It's a special sandwich they have for a limited time (they really should consider adding it to the regular menu), so if it's still there when you visit, you must, must, must try it. Considering I went from hating Earl's to practically loving it (thanks to this sandwich), you have absolutely nothing to lose. I promise. In fact, you'll thank me for introducing this heavenly, orgasm-inducing sandwich.You're welcome.
3	The sandwiches are whatevs. I think they're a little overrated but they're made on the spot so it's fresh and warm! They're also at a good price and they're open 24/7 which makes it a great spot for your after-vegas-shenanigans meal. Their selections are pretty standard, but the holiday sandwich was my favorite! Too bad they only have it seasonally :( If you're ever there in the winter make sure you try that one! It's a turkey sandwich with stuffing and cranberry sauce. SO GOOD. Not too excited about anything else on the menu so I'm pretty much out of luck for most of the year. Lines are long and waiting for your food seems even longer, you've been warned!
5	Best sandwiches I ever eaten! Can't go wrong with these and super happy that they are building one at Downtown Disney!Line was not long, and everything's pretty face paced. Someone takes your order and gives you a beeper, then you slide on down to pay for it. It's real cheap too, can't remember the exact price but between $5-6 for the Sandwiches. Had the Earl's Club: Roasted Turkey, Bacon, Swiss, Lettuce, Tomatoes & Sauce which hit the spot! it looks small, but it gets you very full, I barely finished it. It was super fresh and hot too! it's just really goodI recommend everyone to try it and take some to go if there isn't one in your area.
5	What can I say? This place is #1 with me. For the last 5 years, I do not go to Vegas without going to Earl's at least once. The first sandwich I ever ate here was the club, and to date, it is the ONLY sandwich I have had here. LOL I have no idea how good the others taste from first hand knowledge. And yes, maybe I am missing out. But I love this sandwich so much, I will not switch up.Earl's is open all day and is busy at standard lunch and dinner hours. But on weekend nights (mornings) after clubbing, you could be waiting in a VERY long line. But even this can be a social event.   The pricing is good for a sub shop and the food is tasty. You will have to order and pay first, and then most likely wait about 10 minutes before you get your food. Sometimes it can be longer. This will seem like a lifetime if you are going after a night of drinking and clubbing, but make the most of it rookie because its going to taste great. And if you are not a rookie, you know what I mean. Bottom line, Earl's rules and I hope it stays in Vegas forever.
4	This place is pretty good. You can tell by all the other reviews, I'll try to not make this lengthy. For being on the strip, the food is cheap. Not only is it cheap, its good. Not like gourmet but for the price pretty damn good.Secondly, if the line looks ridiculously long? Don't worry, they got this system down like they are Chipotle this lines moves so damn fast. Thirdly, they have soup if you perhaps need it since you are too hungover to eat solid food and you can't make it to Spring Mountain for pho or ramen.Tip: Get a side of Jamaican jerk sauce, pretty good to dip your sandwich in.
5	Don't let the line dissuade you from getting a sandwich.The folks here work fast and deliver consistent, fantastic food!!The line is always long, because the food is that good. And the price is pretty darn reasonable considering the quality and the fact that it is in a major resort.There is nothing better in PH. Just sayin'... You could sit in their diner or try a full restaurant experience, but why bother why this quick, wonderful option is right there on the casino floor?
4	Simply amazing for the following reasons:1. It's the cheapest thing you will buy in Vegas2. it's friggin' delicious3. it's even more delicious, when you realize you barely spent any money!just keep this our little secret, and go try it!
5	Not a fan of sandwiches, but I would happily eat the ones here. I think it's their bread that does it for me. Something magical about it, just SO GOOD! The bread that comes with their soups is tasty as well. Be warned though, they are not the biggest sandwiches and may look a bit flat, but it's a great as a light meal or a snack and has great flavor.
3	Yah just 3stars. *** Nothing much to rave about... it's a sandwich shop. Who can't make an edible sandwich?? (rhetorical question) I DO know that the chicken caesar wrap was pretty darn good. Some things that would've made it better, was if they used romain lettuce and not mixed greens, parmesean cheese and croutons (the last two were missing from my wrap). These missing ingredients didn't take away from the sandwich, but would've elevated their star rating! LOL!If in the area again while in Vegas I might stop by. But I can guarantee you I'm not running to this place like some...it's just not that serious, again it's just a sandwich!
4	Hands down one of my favorite sandwich shops.  It's the bread that makes this place so awesome. You can't go wrong with most of their sandwiches. I typically get the one with roast beef.Cheap, fresh, delicious. Good break from the over indulgence of buffets.
5	Never before have I felt so noble in Vegas for such a low price.  Would one rather have a $2000 Bottle Service @ Marquee, or 650 sandwiches from Earl of Sandwich (i.e. sandwiches for life)?  I would have to lean with the latter as every Earl's delcicious, piping-hot sandwich I've had has been deliciOUS  If you're a fan of freshly baked bread that's magically soft and tender on the insides, yet baked and firm on the outside, you have found your nirvana.  Next, each sandwich is comprised of an ample amount of meat/lettuce/dressings/etc where each and every delightful bite is full of flavor and satisfaction.    If only they played EDM....Earl's would be borderline culinary bliss.Their pricing is extremely competitive, especially for the Vegas Strip. Each sandwich is priced @ $5.99, with additional costs for double meat (really not necessary).  Another amazing aspect of Earls? IT"S OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY!!! Which means, one can wander over there drunk, intoxicated, and eat probably the best tasting sandwich in drunken memory and then even bring one back in case you happen to throw up before the night.  Unlike the other 24 hr joints, which tend to have long, inefficient waits, the line @ earls breezes through as they have an awesome system of those vibrating ringers that alerts you when your sandwich is ready.Recommendations: The Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ, Earl's Club (only if you like bacon as it has a prominent taste in the sandwich).  Overall, I think this how become my favorite place to eat in Vegas and I would gladly recommend anyone who throughly enjoys hot sandwiches to eat here.  They do have veggie options for those who have decidedly to foolishly deprive themselves of meat :P
5	Ummmm hello gold brick of deliciousness, please enter my mouth! Earl's is my one and only must in Vegas (besides the obvi get smashed). It really all depends on what time you go, there could be no line and then there can be a humungo line. DEFINITELY WORTH IT SO BUCK UP AND STAND IN LINE! or you know, you can go at some odd hour too since it's open 24 hours yay! I almost always get the caprese sandwich. "Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette" on fatty slices of bread. Drool. Once I got the full montagu and boy is that heavenly! So melty and meaty. The vegetable soup wasn't to my liking though.I love Earl of Sandwich. That is all.
5	If you're ballin on a budget, you definitely have to eat here. The sandwiches are filling and soooooo worth standing in line for. The line may seem a little intimidating because it can get long, but it's systemized well so that even though the line can get long, it moves -- which is a good thing. There are plenty of selections to choose from but when in doubt, go with The Original. It's your basic roast beef sandwich with a hint of horseradish, toasted in the oven. It comes out perfect and if you're feeling daring, order up a side of the broccoli and cheese soup and DIP the sandwich in it. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. As an added bonus, if you've been out partying until 5:00am, a sandwich from Earl's is the perfect thing to eat to sober your drunk ass up.
4	A must stop shop for my Vegas visits and now they are open 24/7!  Yay!
5	Just got back from staying at Planet Hollywood for the weekend and Earl was the bomb. I had it three times and that wasn't even close to enough. I recommend the Cannonball (meatball) but if you're looking something a little more unique, the Full Montagu and the Italian are the way to go. The key is the bread and the toastedness - much, much better than any regular hot sandwich you'd have.The line is always long but I've never waited more than 15 minutes because they move so fast. The sandwiches are $6.48 including tax....if only everything else in Vegas were so reasonably priced.
5	BEST TUNA MELT EVER.  I ATE THIS ALL DAY ERRYDAY FOR THREE F****** DAYS STRAIGHT! Story below.I went to Earls and bought two Tuna melts. Ate one on the spot and took the other back to the room. Woke up the next morning, threw half of it in the Foreman grill (cause someone had the brilliant idea to bring one to the hotel room), heated it up, ate it for breakfast. Then I went out during the day and came back. Guess what?  Waiting for me was the rest of the Tuna melt! Winner winner chicken dinner!!!! Felt like I just hit the jackpot on the penny slots!Later that night, went back to Earl's and bought two more tuna melts. Can you guess what happened?
4	Very efficient. Line wasn't super long and even if it seems so,have no fear! Order first, grab your bottled drink if you want and pay at the end. Wait a few wih your buzzee and bzz it's out! Tuna Melt (albacore tuna salad + swiss cheese)= soooooo delicious. seriously... I have dreams about that sandwich!! And it's super filling without being too "fishy" lol. Earls Club ( roasted turkey, smoked bacon, swiss, letuce tomato sandwich sauce )= so fresh! very very flavorful sandwich that can't disappoint!Full Montagu (roasted beef turkey swiss and cheddar letuce earl mustard)= My little bro really liked this sandwich. He just scarfed it down = sign of a good time!Notes: * veggie sandwich is a no no. not enough veggies in that sandwich to keep you full. I felt like I was just ingesting carbs as opposed to vegetables AND carbs. * don't expect a large sandwich! the sandwich sizes actually run kind of small. yes you are paying for good flavor, but you're also paying for the brand itself. * purchasing an Earl of Sandwich is an experience most people like to incorporate into their Vegas experience. Take it or leave it. I may be coming around again!! :) tehehe until next time!
5	YES people! It's that good good! Always craving their sandwiches morning, night, late night, any hour of the day (I wonder if it's open 24hrs) ! After club spot to go to (other than pho). I've tried every sandwich except the Caprese and Veggie. My faves are the chipotle chicken avocado and Tuna Melt! Out of this world sandwiches. You have to try it to know what I'm talking about!Darn, I want one now.
4	Love Earl's! 24 hours, and will satisfy your munchies late at night!! I probably went there 2-3 times during my 4 day stay in Vegas! Okay, their sandwiches are just regular sandwiches, but they never get old. Maybe it's because you can get a whole meal for about $6, but it's pretty tasty when you're drunk (or not). The sandwich may look small, but it fills you up! I also love how they toast your bread for you, nice touch! :)
5	One of my favorite places to eat after a few drinks in Vegas.There is often a line, no matter what hour you come here. Be prepared to wait, even if they're super good about turning orders around.
5	BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER EATEN!!!- and I mean that. I heard Earl's was good but wow. The sandwich is just put together perfectly. I ate there 2 nights in a row. I had the Full Montague the first night, which was bomb. 2nd night I had the Earl's Club, which was great too. Frozen lemonade also hits the spot, just like the kind they serve at amusement parks but better. I went there with friends and they all got different sandwiches too and none of them were disappointed by what they got. Any choice on the menu will be good. $6 per sandwich, which may look small but fills you up.
5	Had one of the best sandwiches in Vegas here!  Had a BLT my buddy had a meatball sub; we halfed it. Man o Man the bread is freshly baked and the contents inside are fresh. I wasn't drunk when I ate here so it wasn't the booze giving this review, the sandwiches here are Legit! do yourself a favor & EAT HERE. Plenty of menu items to choose from too so everyone can eat at this joint!   Do it!
4	I wanted to try Earls of Sandwich for the longest time but never had the chance to. I had finally gotten the chance to last week and I have to say it was pretty good, but I had better sandwiches. I ordered the Full Montagu. Everything was jammed packed into every bite. Even though it doesn't look like the picture on the website it still is pretty delicious. The roast beef and turkey goes well with swiss and cheddar. And the mustard compliments everything all together. Even though there was a long line and it was very busy, our sandwich came out pretty quick. This is a must go if you are in Vegas and haven't tried it before.
4	So I've finally gotten the chance to see what Earl is all about on my most recent Vegas trip and I must say it is pretty good!They have a pretty big menu, ranging from sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, and even desserts! The prices are pretty good too! About $6 for a hot sandwich!All of the sandwiches looked and sounded really delicious - well, being hungover and starving, anything sounds good to be honest. Nonetheless, I was torn between The Earl's Club - roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged Swiss cheese, lettuce, Roma tomatoes, and sandwich sauce - and The Full Montagu - freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged Swiss and sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, Roma tomatoes, and their savory mustard sauce. My friends, who have been here in the past, told me that I should just get both, eat half of each sandwich and save it for the ride back, so I ended up with both. My friend alone, bought 4 different sandwiches for herself, so I didn't feel that bad for buying two.No lie, The Full Montagu was amazingggggggg. So fresh! It was the best thing to cure my hangover. Even so, I couldn't even finish the quarter of it. I didn't eat The Earl's Club until the next day, even so, it STILL tasted pretty good. The only downside is that this place seems to always be crowded. We waited about 20 minutes before we could order. Twenty minutes doesn't seem long, but when you're starving, it seems like foreverrrrrr. I wouldn't want to wait in this line at 4 in the morning after ending my night at the clubs. Anyways, I'm definitely glad they're opening a location in Downtown Disney. I get to try out more of the sandwiches without having to be in Vegas!
5	this place a treasure on the strip.las vegas is damn too expensive.all the restaurants are overpriced!cab drivers rip you off making you sit in their stinky cars in gridlock and they won't let you out!and they are rude!only NYC cab drivers are allowed to be rude!back to sandwich.i had the hawaiian bbq.  it was fantastici had the tomato soup and it was very good too! (tomato).it is cheapgood breaddefinitely stop by for a cheap meal.  get your money's worth in las vegas!
4	I like this place because it is open 24 hours, you get your food fast (even if there's a line), and its a really filling sandwich for $6.I get the veggie sandwich and my hubby gets the tuna melt and adds on a few free veggies (lettuce, red onion, roasted red peppers, chipotle sauce), and avocado ($.99 upcharge).  Both are excellent, flavorful sandwiches.
3	Their sandwiches are at a really good price. I got the loaded potato and I wouldn't recommend it. But my Caprese sandwich was to die for!
4	Delicious! This restuarant is for the sandwich lovers and the salad lovers. I had the side salad and broccoli cheddar soup. The soup was surprisingly good due to the fact its expertise is sandwiches. Also, you MUST try the desserts!
5	After a long drive to get to Vegas. This was the first place that I went to eat. Best sandwich ever have tried several and never have gotten a bad one.Price is right the sides that they have are all good. Ended up eating here several times while in Vegas. They just opened one up inside of Palms so it was perfect for a late night snack.
5	I had Earl's twice on my recent trip to Vegas.  IT'S THAT GOOD!  The Carribean Jerk Chicken is my favorite!  It's the perfect balance between spicy and sweet.  The bread is cooked to perfection.  They split the sandwhich for you, which is great for sharing!  I switched half of my sandwhich with my friends' on both occassions that we went.  The Veggie is surprisingly light and delicious!  My friend loved it!  The All American was my second favorite sandwhich.  I felt like I was eating a leftover Thanksgiving meal- in July!  I tried a couple other ones but I think you get the idea... spend $6 and get one of the best meals in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed.
5	It was the end of my trip and I had a miserable night which included drinking far too much and getting kicked out of a casino....sigh.  Such is life in Las Vegas, but I had one last chance to end my trip on a good note.  A quick drive over to Planet Hollywood to try this sandwich place that I had read so many good things about.  When we arrived, the line was going out the door and I just had a good feeling that I was about to be in for a treat.  I looked over the menu trying to decide on which sandwich to get.  The original?  The Full Montagu?  Cannonballs?!??  Ahh, so many delicious sounding choices! I got to the counter to order and still wasn't sure.  I asked if it was possible to do half and half, but no it's not possible.  I ended up going with the Full Montagu.  My friend went with the Italian.  Upon first bite everything terrible that had happened the night before went away.  That girl who's name/number I didn't get....the throwing up next to a slot machine, the $200 I lost at the craps table...GONE.  I was in culinary heaven.  The sandwich was so good and for the price it was just amazing.  $5.99 for a great sandwich?!?!?!?  I felt like I had won the jackpot!  My only regret is that I didn't get to try some of the other sandwiches.  Next time I'll just have to go and get some more, but the Full Montagu was a legit sandwich.  Now if I could only remember the name of that lovely girl I met and how I went from dancing/making out with her to throwing up next to a slot machine....some things may be better off unknown.
4	I'm not a sandwich connoisseur, but the sandwich I got here was melt in your mouth perfect. I got a montagu and you could literally taste everything in this sandwich individually. It wasn't drowned in sauce and it didn't have an obnoxious amount of tomatoes or meat. The bread was toasted perfectly. I ENJOYED IT.
4	This was my first meal on my last trip to Vegas and it did not disappoint.Boyfriend and I ordered (we weren't too hungry):-The full montagu (about $6): roast beef, turkey, swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes, mustard.  the sandwich is nice and toasty and there's just the right amount of everything.  -Chicken soup (about $3): this actually had a lot of tender chicken chunks and soft pasta.  It had a lot of flavor and I thought it was pretty tasty (I was kind of surprised).Overall, Earl of Sandwich is cheap, quick and tasty.  It's actually very cheap, considering it's prime Vegas location.  The bread is probably the best part about the sandwich.  It's fluffy, yet has a good amount of chewiness and the toasty-ness of it is perfect.  Definitely worth a try.Even if you don't like sandwiches, they have wraps, salads, and some desserts too.Notes:-They have a birthday club.  Sign up!-Line may be long, but it moves quickly.
5	You know what is the most amazing thing about this place is? It's super cheap. Seriously, everywhere else in Vegas aside from fastfood is super expensive. I once got a burger from a place in Mandalay Bay and it cost $20. There was nothing special about it. The burger was dry and the bun was cold.Earl's is freaking awesome and they are FAST. The line can seem intimidating but it moves super quick because Earl's is amazingly efficient. They may only have a handful selection of sandwiches but each sandwich is made with TLC. I had myself the Full Montagu and it was delish. A bit smaller than I wanted it to be but then again I'm on a diet anyways and we were getting this at 4am so don't need to eat something that big anyways.Come here if you are in Vegas. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
4	I love this place, especially now that they're open 24 hours! The sauces that they put on their sandwiches are great and it's very good for their price point- it's pretty difficult to find a place on the strip that will feed you lunch or dinner and leave you full for about $10. My slight gripe is the meat to bread ratio- I'd love more meat.
5	These sandwiches are cheap and so, so, so delicious. It's great if you just woke up from a day of hard partying and need something good in your stomach.I tried the Montague and it was amazing. It's just the right portion at the right price.Downside? If you wake up at the same time as everyone else or come during busy season... be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes or more for your sandwich. Plus, finding a table can be a challenge of its own. Luckily they pack up every sandwich to go, so you can take it to the food court to eat.
4	This place is quite good, especially for the Planet Hollywood shopping center.  Very reasonable prices as well.I had the chipolote chicken sandwich (chicken, avocado, bacon).  It was quite tasty.  The avocado tasted fresh and the chicken was cooked well.  It was only about 5-6 dollars as well.  Not bad, especially considering what you will play  My friend had the Greek salad wrap.  He said it was pretty good, but the olives were a little too strong.Solid place.
4	I read the reviews on Yelp about this place. It wasn't one of the places I really wanted to go to, but I came here with my parents because they were hungry. My mom ordered the Original 1762, and I decided to have a bite. After that one bite, I wanted more! I underestimated this place! Ever since that one bite, I decided I needed to come here again before my trip ended. Sadly, I didn't get to =( If I ever return to Vegas, though, I will try the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Hawaiian BBQ.
4	After reading great reviews for this place, I decided to give this place a try since I was already staying at the Elara Hotel.  I noticed that there's always a line for this place - a good sign.  However, the line moves pretty fast, so don't get discouraged.  I waited maybe 3 minutes for my order of 2 sandwiches.  My mom got the Hawaiian BBQ and I got the Tuna Melt.Flavor wise, both sandwiches were excellent.  Value wise, excellent for $6 each!  Service wise, very fast and efficient!So why only 4 stars?  Because both my mom and I had suffered the "MSG Chinese food syndrome" after eating here.  We were both still extremely thirsty after drinking lots of water.  We also felt so sleepy that we had to take a nap.  If you don't mind lots of MSG in your food, this place is a great find!  It's cost effective and fills you up.
5	In the ever evolving world of sandwiches, many claim to produce the best sandwich in the world.  Among the contenders are the likes of Capriotti's, Mendocino Farms, Which Wich? and many more. Among this iconic list of sandwich makers, there are droves of fans and haters alike.But make no mistake, The Earl of Sandwich makes some of the most addictively good sandwiches i've enjoyed in a very long time! Tack on the competitive prices and it makes it even better! So it's safe to say i'm a fan when it comes to the Earl's cheap & tasty eats!The Original with Roast Beef - The bread was excellent! As soon as I grabbed the warm bag in my hand, I knew I was in for a toasty treat!The bread was perfectly crisp on the outside yet warm and fluffy on the inside. Not thick, bread-y, dry & spongy like most other places. The roast beef was piled high and it was juicy and full of mouthwatering flavor!Jerk Chicken SandwichFilled with generous portions of chunk grilled chicken breast (not sandwich meat), red peppers and of course a good helping of zippy banana peppers, this zesty lil number was quite flavorful and surprisingly juicy (considering it was chicken breast!) but my favorite has to be the original for overall mmmmmm mmmm mm factor!DessertBrownie Cream SandwichImagine two chocalatey rich brownies sandwiching a decadent layer of sweet vanilla frosting...yup it's insanely rich and sweet! I advise you to purchase a glass of milk with this decadent number cuz you'll definitely need it!Service was nifty & quick and they got us in and out in no time flat! Don't forget that all toppings are free with the exclusion of avocado, so pile it high if you so desire! And did I mention the prices? Only 6$ for a delicious hot sammie! That's a steal for a great sandwich on the strip I might add!With that said, it's a no brainer...if you're out after the club looking for some awesome late nite eats or just strolling the strip, give EoS a try, you won't be disappointed!Happy Eats!
5	Best sandwiches ever. Always my first stop and my last  stop....that's all
5	Quite possibly one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. I had the Earl's Club but I also tried the Italian, Hawaiian, and Tuna Melt; all of which were absolutely delicious. The bread on the sandwich was magnificent and the meats were melt-in-your-mouth good. Complement that with the $6 price of the sandwich and you have a winner.
5	The line is super long, but the wait isn't. It's just that good. It's really worth the line waiting. Really yummy. I recommend the Chipotle Chicken Avocado for first timers. You're not going to regret it. :)Best sandwich place by far in Las Vegas if you want to eat something. Cheap considering it's at Vegas and will definitely coming back.
4	This is a must-go-to sandwich place if you're ever in Vegas. Open 24 hours, show up when you're out late or any time you're craving some food and grab an amazing sandwich for under $10!During peak hours (lunch, dinner) this place does get quite crowded and the wait can sometimes be more than 45 minutes. However if you're eating at an unconventional time, this place is great!The Full Montagu is my personal favorite, and its perfect! The sandwiches might look small at first, but they are much more filling than you'd think. The portions were perfect for me.
4	I'm finally getting around to reviewing this place, and I've been at least 3 times.  I hesitated for a split second in giving it 4-stars, but I am indeed a fan (though not for its flavor, which is what reviews are usually based on).The line is usually pretty long, which can be a major turn-off if you're in a hurry.  But the service is prompt, and prices are not bad at ~$6/sandwich.  I'm no sandwich connoisseur, but the bread is warm and chewy (with a crispy crust), and the flavor is good.  It's not spectacular, but it's a solid.For its convenience at the Miracle Mile shops, connected to Planet Hollywood, and across from Cosmopolitan, it is my go-to spot for a sandwich.  Plus, the people watching can be good as lotsa people hit up this place...
5	Hot sandwiches with delicious sauces and generous portions of meat. Best meal under $10 on the Las Vegas Strip! Did I mention they're open 24 hours? Hello post-clubbing munchies.I've tried the Full Montague and Caribbean Jerk Chicken and each is delicious in their own rite. Highly recommend.
5	Located in Planet Hollywood..a bit of a mission to find if you parked in their parking garage. A huge line of people waiting to get their sammich on. Their limited time only special caught my eye and looked..BOMB!It was Chipotle chicken with bacon and avocado. DROOOL. They have two cashiers. One to take your order, and to hand you a buzzer, and as you keep going through the line, they have drinks, chips, parfaits, fruits, and desserts to your left to get if you want it. Then they have the main cashier for you to pay. A good amount of space, seats are kind of close together, but I mean, hey whatever haha. I got me the sandwich and salt & vinegar chips. Total was about $7 and some change. Pretty good! Sat my ass down, and within 3 minutes, my buzzer was a buzzin' and I went to pick up my sammy. It doesn't look big..but it fills you up well! It was soooo delicious. Toasty warm, and so flavorful. I hear they're making one in DT Disney!? :O :O :O
4	Earl of Sammitch, you live up to ze hype.Initially, I wanted to stop by at Earl's when I was in Vegas in June, but it just didn't happen. Finally in August, my boyfriend and I were staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel and we were able to taste the Earl of Sandwich phenomenon.I ordered the Earl's club and my boyfriend had the chicken with bbq sauce. I can see why so many people love Earl's. We've back an additional 2 or 3 times during our trip.Easily accessible from the Planet Hollywood casino floor, however, the line is frustratingly long. The seats are also scarce, so be wary when someone gets up.
5	I went once, and I was hooked. So Hooked that I tried to go back the same night but was unable to because I didnt want to miss the tram that would take me back to my hotel room in Palazzo. :(  But I did get to go again at the end of our trip.. and guess what I got the same sandwich.Now I got to try the Hawaiian which was tasty and delicious. I also tried the Caribbean Chicken or some other name.. and that was also good but my favorite by far was the Caprese, so much that I ordered it twice. The cheese tasted freshly cut, the basil was just right and tomato crisp inside a bun that was well pressed so it had that right crispy outside and the soft inside. The balsamic vinaigrette just made my mouth water for more. I wish I was back in vegas so I could walk to it and order another caprese sandwich. sigh. Earl of Sandwich please come to socal!The lines can get long if you are here on peak time. However, it is open 24/7 so come later if you can! :-D
5	Sandwiches are bomb diggitity!! =D Earl Club & the Chipotle Chicken Avocado Sandwich are so good. The sandwiches come out piping hot and fresh. The chipotle chicken was my favorite! The spiciness withe avocado all while the chicken is so tender! OMG to die for i swear! =D The Earl was pretty good for a regular club sandwich. The bacon omg the BACON was soo good! Super crunchy & flavorful. Definitely to come back to try.
5	In a city of sin this place is a god-send!  Perfect price, perfect portion, perfect taste. If you're on a budget, looking for some post-club munchies or a hangover remedy this is the spot, open 24/7. Never mind the lines you'll occasionally run into, the service here is lighting fast and efficient. If you haven't unwrapped your first golden seal I would highly recommend the Full Montague and feel free to explore on from there, you just can't go wrong.
5	Super happy that I finally got to try Earl's for the first time last month. Definitely making it a must-eat for every Vegas trip from now on!!The group of us ordered and shared five different sandwiches (Original, Montagu, Tuna Melt, Caribbean Jerk Chicken& Hawaiian). All 5 were pretty good imo. The Original and Caribbean Jerk Chicken were definitely my favorites. If I have to pick one, I would go for the Original! I LOVE the Horseradish sauce in it. It was tangy and complimented the roasted beef and cheddar perfectly! The Spicy Jerk sauce in the Jerk Chicken sandwich added a nice spicy kick and was outstanding as well.I also liked the bread of the sandwiches a lot. They soaked up the flavor of the filling well without being soggy at all. Still retained a nice bite and chew!Can't wait for their new location in Anaheim!( :
4	Went here for the 1st time while in Vegas and the sandwiches are fantastic (we had the Full Montague, Earl Club and the Original). I personally had the Full Montague and this sandwich rocks! It consists of roast beef, turkey, and cheese with sauce. It was great! The bread on these sandwiches is to die for. My only complaint was I wanted more. i will definitely visit again when in Vegas.
5	Damn good sandwiches!I'd recommend the montagu.
4	Some cons and then the pros!I wish they had a half sandwich deal (and if they have one, then I wish I had seen it!). The service is okay but fast! The seating isn't great since there's a constant line forming around and even a bit outside the hotel entrance. I had the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado and my boyfriend had the club. Both were really decent. I think mine was better just because the sauce gave a nice different flavor that the club was lacking. Of course, he begs to differ. Hmph. The toppings are okay but I wish that there was more of a neat viewing being that you can see everything from the line of ordering. The pros is that the bread is like - uh, scrumcious! It's toasty but not too toasty to where the bread is left dry and boring! The meats seem fresh! I'm definitely a fan and will try this place again.
5	You know its good when it has a line 24/7!!!The line moves super fast. I've been here a couple of times and always get the BBQ Chicken Sandwich.. I should probably try something new but I love that sandwich too much! It's also like 6 dollars and the sandwiches are HUGE!!!
5	open 24 hours!!!!I have been here a million times at all different times of the days..some of the best visits were those ones late night after clubbing.Vegetarian friendly!!  There is the Veggie or Caprese for my herbivore friends...For thee carnivores:My faves are the Italian, Full Montagu and CannonballsIf you got a sweet tooth, their baked goods are delish too.
5	Best sandwiches hands down! the wait is a bit long and you might not be guaranteed a seat but it's all worth it. I got the Caprese sandwich and It was so fresh and crispy. It's 24 hours and they have a large selection of baked goods too! Highly recommend this place! I know I'll be returning constantly throughout my trip here!Also the ice cream sandwiches are BOMMMBBB
5	OMG!!!it was delicious! managed to find an excuse to go there multiple times in a 4 day las vegas trip. the line is long, but definitely worth the wait!
4	The sandwiches here are delicious! Yummy and toasty. However, I gave it four stars because I was the second person to order my sandwich from a group of 13 girls yet I got my sandwich last! On top of that they never called my number because they forgot my sandwich was there. But the one guy that helped me behind the counter was nice and he apologize and said no one had told him the sandwich was there. I would come here about but probably won't order the tuna melt again because it seems like it took a while!
5	I'm writing this review based on a craving!  I wish they opened up an Earl of Sandwich in the Bay Area!  I'm all about the original sandwich!  That is all! :)
3	Me and the Fiance stayed at Planet Hollywood, we wanted sumthin simple... came here! The line gets long but depending what time you go, if you go late nite... expect a lil wait! OK so I got the cannon ball (meatball sub) bland tasting... thought it was going to be decent... it was just edible... I hate wasting food! My lady got the Tuna Melt... man o' man, oh so good! it's so freakin simple... nuthin fancy schmancy on the tuna itself, js a lil mayo n prob salt n pepper to taste! melted cheese and toasted bread! The tuna is great, don't taste like its from a can... well I wanted to redeem my sad choice from the first visit... So I got the original! great hot beef samich with cheese and horse radish sauce! We tried 2 sides, the mac salad, n potato salad... potato was better than the mac salad.  The brownies are pretty good, moist... the best is the ice cream sandwich brownie... great! All in all, if you want a decent sub... this place is pretty good.
5	One Sandwich to rule them all.... and in the darkness bind them... Located in Planet Hollywood is Earl's home of arguably some of the best and cheapest Sandwiches, each one costs about $7. Our group ordered the: Original- 5/5= imagine a french dip sandwich with horse radish sauce, basically an Arby sandwich on steroids Montagu- 4/5= tastes like an ordinary BLT to me Caribbean Jerk- 5/5= Peppered chicken with a kick, love it! Hawaiian- 3/5= Tastes like a Hawaiian pizza, unfortunately, I'm not a fan of sweet food so no tangy bbq for me Tuna melt- 4/5=  Tastes pretty ordinary to me, however, it is still pretty good, almost tastes more like albacore then tuna.Dear King of Sandwich whoever you are, move over because Earl of Sandwich is ready to behead you and claim himself the king of all Sandwiches.   Overall, shout out to Eva I for picking this one out. Now excuse me... (crouches over and holds onto original sandwich) My Precioussss.......
4	Yup the hype is for reals.
4	I usually find myself shying away from Earl's when I'm in Vegas bc the line always looks horrendous. But last weekend, the line actually didn't look like a complete nightmare at 3 in the morning. I was so excited to finally give this place a try. After standing in line for 15 min and waiting another 5 minutes for my sandwich, I was finally able to sink my teeth into one of these famous sandwiches that I've heard so much about. I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado. It was SOOO good. The bread was really fresh and soft. The chipotle flavor was bold and delicious. The warm gooey cheese was excellent. The combinations of textures and flavors worked so well and made the sandwich so great. I also tried the tomato soup. It was ok. I thought it tasted a little bit like canned soup. Nothing special. Service here is friendly and efficient. There are a lot of tables, but seating did seem a little  limited since there were so many customers. The sandwiches here really are superb. Great food after a long night of partying.  I will definitely be back on my next Vegas trip :D
5	Seriously one of the BEST places to eat while in Vegas!!! This place definitely lives up to the hype in my opinion. I have yet to be disappointed by any meal I've had here. My favorite sandwich has to be the currently limited edition Chipotle Chicken Avocado. I think a large part of this is due to my recent obsession with avocados...but this sandwich is waaaaay too good to pass up! It is perfection in sandwich form. I hope it becomes a permanent staple in their menu! If you're not feeling too hungry at the time, definitely save half a sandwich for a 4am snack and I can assure you it will taste just as amazing then. A huge plus is also the price. For under $7 dollars, you will have a very happy tummy, ready to party the night away in Sin City. Plus 1 more point due to the fact that this place is open 24/7. You can fulfill your cravings at any time!!! It doesn't get any better. I'm so excited that they are gonna open one in Downtown Disney because I won't have to travel to another state just to have some of this goodness! But that won't stop me from paying more visits to Vegas though ;)
2	I am sorry but I do not know what the BIG DEAL is about this place. Yes it is one of the few place open late on the strip but I rather go to mcdonalds. The food to price ratio is not that good, as well as there is always a line. I never really crave this place, I am just forced to go because my friends want to go every hour on the hour. It is definitely a spot to try once if you are in town, but I am never please when I leave.
4	Dangit!  I think I was too drunk to have noticed that they have Tuna Melts!  Argh!  But I did have the Full Montagu with a creamy tomato soup.  I have to say that it TOTALLY hit the spot.  We got lucky because we were able to get a table for our large group pretty quickly....I thought at first that the samich might be overloaded because everyone who eats it is in a post-club, post-long-night-of-drinking state, so I saved half of my sandwich for consumption later.  Although a little cold, it was still EXTREMELY good!  I loved my samich, every last bite of it.So if you're on the strip hitting this place up, post-club would be the worst time in the sense of how long the lines are, but hey, when you're hungry you're hungry, right?  But even then, the line moves quite quickly and we didn't have to wait too long.Let's just assume that any Vegas Strip restaurant has bad parking(it's the strip) and that you're walking in from some other location.Service - Good enough for a sandwich shop.
4	This place was nice. They shuffled people through really fast and made the sandwiches even faster. Like most places, the advertisements show a plump and vibrant sandwich but what you get is a squashed lump in between two slices of bread. For $7 it wasn't bad, but it looked like it shrank quite a bit when they toasted it.I was a little confused at first because you tell the first employee what you want and then you take the receipt to the other employee down the line and they actually ring it up.
5	I was really impressed with their sandwiches and their salad. I am not particularly fond of eating out at sandwich places because I love to grub, but I was in Vegas last week- and figured I'd give it a shot since i and some friends were looking for a quick snack before dinner that night. I'd have to say the sandwiches were really really good! I think what made it good was the bread. I ordered the Earl club, I think it was, and it pretty much hit the spot! I also shared the Cobb type salad which was delicious! There was a light dressing which was flavorful and a good blend of turkey and bits like cranberry and light cheese in there. The experience was so good we went again on our 4 night stay in Vegas! First time we went, there was no line. It was a weekday during the late afternoon. The second time was a Saturday afternoon and the line was long! But it moved very quickly. I was surprised.  I want me another Earl of sandwich!
4	For all the sandwich enthusiasts out there, this is a MUST when in Vegas!Earl of Sandwich. You are a god. seriously. So back in December (i know, this post took much too long to actually write) I went to Vegas with some friends and had one of the most amazing weekends EVER. but really, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. HOWEVER, I am a strong believer that the statement does not apply to foods.Now, upon the rave reviews I have heard from friends I encouraged the group I went with to try out this Sandwich shop. It's inside Planet Hollywood among a ton of stores and etc. The atmosphere is just very relaxed (either that or we were all too hungover to notice much. lol).  perfect location since my friends and I were staying at the Monte Carlo. And best of all, SLOT MACHINES right next to Earl's. What's not to love?Now upon reaching this fine establishment, there was a very very long line. seriously. I was so doubtful about whether or not I actually wanted to wait in line. But I stuck it out anyways which I'm glad I did because MAN does that line go fast. Now, the sandwich isn't cheap. Mind you it costs $6.99 a sandwich but I had to try it. Plus, I was in Vegas, might as well.I wanted to go with the basic because I am a true believer that if you can't make a basic sandwich taste amazing, then you're not a very good sandwich shop. So I ordered the classic Earl's Club without the tomato. Within minutes, it was done and i was down to chow. And chow chow chow I did. Oh my god. seriously. One bite was all it took for me to swoon. A warm soft cheesy sandwich. Perfect amount of roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce & sandwich sauce. and my GOD! the bread they used was so soft but not so soft so that the sandwich falls apart. I downed half the sandwich down in seconds. It was THAT good.Now I know i know. I can be totally biased since I only got the club sandwich but my friend ordered the very festive holiday sandwich that had cranberries in it (don't remember the actual name since i didn't order it). Now i'm usually not a big fan of having cranberries in my food. Something about a pang of sudden cranberry makes me kinda twinge. But my man Earl has proved me wrong. Even that sandwich was amazing. I took a few bites out of it just to try it out. I wanted to gobble that up as well (obviously I didn't considering it was my sandwich).
5	If you visit Las Vegas, you HAVE  to go to Earl of Sandwich! It's open 24 hours!It is a go-to, must have for me. Everything on the menu is really good and tasty! I don't need to be hungover to crave this. Although it does help when i partied hard the night before. My mouth and tummy have enjoyed The Earl's Club, Hawaiian BBQ, Best BLT, Caribbean Jerk, their holiday one Turkey Cranberry (OMG BOMB.COM), and their newest one Chipotle Chicken(this one is really really good, mainly because it has avocado!). I also usually add a side of potato salad or mac salad, i prefer the potato salad, It's delish! I've also had the tomato soup back in December when it warms up your tummy on those cold winter days in Vegas. I have never tried the salads or wraps, but they look good too. I think the better value is in the sandwich.The prices are incredibly affordable which is why there is almost always a line. Affordable and delicious? How good can it get?Everyone I know loves this place. I can't be friends with those who don't, not sure if they exist anyways. In love with this place and I can't wait for the one in Downtown Disney to open up!
3	It's just a hot sandwich..... With funky names. Not impressed.
4	Breakfast-Lunch-Snack-Dinner-Fourthmeal of Champions. Good at any and every time of the day. Luckily they are open 24/7. Cheap. Filling. Tasty. Need I say more?A must-go when you are in LV or near Anaheim area. Quality from the meat selection- condiments- veggies. Their bread is what makes the sandwich.Recommend:- Hawaiian BBQ: like a Hawaiian pizza but better.
5	Hands down amazing sandwichs. Can't go wrong. Never heard of this place before but I'm coming back again.
5	I passed by this place around 5:00 PM and the line was wrapping around the whole place. I thought to myself wow this place must be good I should try it. So of course the next day for lunch I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich. It was around 1:00 PM and there were only a couple of people in line. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich the Wisconsin Cheddar soup, and the frozen lemonade. Way too much food but I had to try everything. Oh my goodness!!! It was all so good. Best sandwich I have ever eaten. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it. I suggest you buy everything and share it with someone so you can enjoy different things and not get too stuffed. I definitely recommend this place and if I ever cross paths with another Earl of Sandwich I will without doubt eat there again.
5	To put it simply...this place is awesome. The artisan bread is homemade and they have the freshest ingredients.  And it's reasonably priced?! Count me in!I've stumbled (sometimes literally) here a few times and try to order something different every time but the sandwich that has my heart is the Veggie. Feta, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, roasted red peppers & their house Mediterranean dressing - YUM!If you happen to be weird like me and put chips in your sandwiches (don't knock it 'til you try it!), they have their own Earl of Sandwich chips. The baked potato chips are my favorite. If you are in Vegas, skip the buffet and go visit the Earl! Your taste buds and wallet will be happy!
5	Great sandwiches, great portion, great pricing, great hours, and great staff!  What more can you ask for in Vegas?!?Had their special Chipotle Avocado Sandwich and their Meatball Sandwich, both were awesome!  The sandwich was big enough to where I saved the other half for the next morning and it was still good!I am definitely a fan and will be returning on my future trips in Vegas!
3	This is how you eat cheaply and quickly in Las Vegas. The roast beef and tuna sandwiches are safe bets.
5	First time I had a sandwich here based on recommendations from my cousins and my best friend. My sandwich was a simple ham and swiss but boy was it delish!  The ham and cheese was on a soft and toasted panini and for $6 only! What a bargain. Everyone in my group ordered something different and the general consensus was amazing. Definitely worth trying if you haven't stopped by Earl of Sandwich.
5	The sandwichs are BOMB! I was there when it was kind of busy so I waited a bit for my sandwich. I got the Carribean jerk which was so tastey, this place totally lives up to the rave you hear about their food. It's a perfect & affordable vegas food! What better hotel for it to be in than Planet Hollywood!
5	I've been to Vegas several times before but for some reason, I never stopped by Earl's before. I finally did this last time and holy wow it was incredible. Per everyone's recommendations here on Yelp, I got the tuna melt and it hit the spot dead on. I'm not even a huge fan of tuna, but heck, you gotta hand it to Earl's. They really know their sandwiches. Earl's was so good that I went back once more and got their original roast beef (equally as heavenly).Sure, Vegas is home to hundreds of fancy eateries and bountiful buffets. But if you're on somewhat a budget, or you're stumbling home drunk from the clubs (Earl's is open 24 hours), or you just want some bombbbb sandwiches, you gotta try Earl's. You won't regret it.
5	- Opens 24 hours.  - Lines can be murderously long however, it moves quickly (this is coming from an impatient girl).- Extremely cheap ($5.99 a sandwich).- Dessert offerings available (brownie bites, cupcakes, cookies, ice cream cookie sandwich).- I had no idea this place serve salads (haha.. why would I care?).- I had The Full Montagu (not that great, I admit) the first visit.  The sandwich: roast beef, turkey, aged Swiss and sharp cheddar, lettuce, no tomatoes and the Earl's mustard sauce.  I had the Carribean Jerk Chicken the next day.  That sandwich: grilled chicken, roasted red and banana peppers w/ spicy jerk sauce (taste hella of a lot better than The Full Montagu).I can't think of a reason why anyone would not want to eat here whilst in Vegas.  I just can't fathom.
4	Best drunchies evaaaa! Stayed at Elara so it was very convenient to walk down and grab some Earl's. Lines get long after the club but don't fret they're really fast at completing orders. If you like chicken and if you like avocado such as myself, the Chipotle Chicken Avocado is the way to go! It will not disappoint.
5	When its late and you just out of the club, this place truly hits you in the right spot. We stood in line for about 15 minutes and got our food in less than 10 minutes. Given they had run out of ice, I asked one of the workers for ice and he went to the back and got me some--- SCORED! I splitted an italian hot sandwich with my gf and was happy as a clam. I will defn come back for more the next time I am in town. Its worth the long line and prices were reasonable compared to many other eateries.
4	My wife and I tried two sandwiches: The Full Montagu and The Italian.  Both sandwiches were very good though I preferred the Montagu and my wife preferred the Italian.  This was ironic because this was the reverse of what we personally ordered.  The bread here was very fresh.  The turkey in the Montagu was solid but the roast beef was better.  I may have to get the roast beef sandwich only next time.  The Italian was very good but a bit too salty.  With all the hype, I was hoping for something more like the sandwiches from Bay Cities in West LA but these will have to do since they are opening a location in Anaheim soon.The frozen lemonade was not worth it.  I would just get water only next time.
3	Delicious, not earth shattering. Potbelly is better. However, in a sea of overpriced and mediocre food options, this place is well-priced - cheap, even! - and thus a standout.
4	Among the vast buffets and expensive restaurants, Earl of Sandwich is an affordable and awesome place. The reuben is fantastic. The size is alright, not too big, but enough for a decent sized person to get full.
2	Ok, maybe I was hungover but I don't understand all the hype this place gets!I got the Montagu sandwich because that's the one that was most recommended on yelp and honestly, the meat was dry and the bread was average. It needed more mustard or something! I wasn't really a fan. I mean considering your other dining options in Vegas, I feel like this place only has two things working for it- it's fast and it's cheap. I would probably go here again if A) I end up hungover and can't manage walking or B) I have no money left because the blackjack table took it all
3	Eh. it's just too hyped. Honestly I think its good because it's super hot when it comes out but thats about it. Also, the good thing about this is that its 24 hr. I mean, being drunk in Vegas trying to look for something to eat, then this will do. I've definitely had better sandwich and being in Vegas I don't think this would be a "MUST" try place. I've tried the tuna and bbq sandwich and they were both just "ok". Nothing like WOW i must have again. I think the cool thing about this sandwich place is that they serve bottle beers too which is sometimes nice with a sandwich! Other than that, its not something i'll come back for when i'm in Vegas.
4	there's a reason why people get what others recommend. not i. i had to walk off the beaten path, and opted for the earls club. WHY!? i mean, it was still tasty, and positively YUM if compared to other sandwich joints, but the tried n true sandwiches my family got were way better. yum yum yum. the tuna melt with a lil tabasco and mustard (to cut the fattiness of mayo) really sang. sang in my mouth. yum. cant wait till u guys come to the OC!
5	Hi! Im not about to reiterate what the other 2k reviews already said BUT! Please come to Anaheim soon! :) :) :)
4	Its nice to have a sandwich place that is open 24 hours, sometimes you just want a simple meal.I ordered the "Best BLT" - smoked bacon, lettuce, roma tomatoes and seasoned mayo, toasted so that when you open the wrapping you saw the steam rise up.It was good, with lots of bacon, but not quite like "their" photo example. You can see my photo of the BLT that I received.For the price and the quality of the sandwich I would come here again. I know that at other "Sub" places the bacon is tiny and they charge per piece.
5	Best sandwich shop around, especially for the price you pay. This place is a great place to go to at anytime of day, and for the perfect break from eating at the many buffets in Vegas. At the time I went, they had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken which I recommend the most if they offer it at the time you are there, and also the Italian one is my favorite.  The bread is crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Be aware that the lines can be unbelievably long, but waiting is totally worth it.
5	This is the best sandwich shop I have ever been to.  It is located on The Strip inside of Planet Hollywood. The ingredients are always fresh.  Even the desserts have real ingredients and have nothing artificial in them from what I have seen.  I always make sure to eat here when I am in Las Vegas.  I look forward to them opening more restaurants in more cities around the nation.
3	This review has been sitting here, even thou I felt there is something missing, but I want to empty some these drafts.  I'm really puzzled by such high rating.  I went there with my kids bc the good yelp reviews, but I couldn't be more disappointed!  The main thing that bothered me was the smell.  I'm not a smoker, so it was very hard to sit in a smoke permeated place to enjoy my sandwich.  There seems to be a lot of smokers in this area on that day and no one seemed to be bothered by that.  Secondly, their sandwich tasted average, nothing caught my fancy.  Maybe we ordered the wrong ones, I had the Earl's Club, the kids had  the tuna melt and meatball, we finished our meal as fast as we could before we were out of the breath.  So unless i'm happen to be in the area, I wouldn't trek on the hot pavement to come back during the daytime.Third, it's too busy. Had to wait in line for a while to get the sandwiches.  It's centrally located,  so I reckon the location and price could be part of the reasons for it's popularity.
2	After reading all the great reviews, my love and I decided to give this place a try. To my surprise, this place was a complete failure.What we ordered:The Full Montagu (Roast beef and Turkey with Swiss and Cheddar) - This sandwich was just less than OK. Absolutely nothing special about it. I believe every sandwich comes with 'lettuce' and 'tomatoes'. Wait what? WHAT LETTUCE? WHAT TOMATOES? They were so dinky; there was absolutely no crunch from the lettuce NOR juiciness from the tomato. This sandwich was just so dry... my love and I had to drench each bite with the mustard provided at each table to keep from throwing the sandwich across the slot machines.The Cobb Salad -  Again nothing spectacular about this salad. I'm a Cobb Salad fanatic, and I can honestly say I've had far better from grocery store deli's. They really do skimp out on everything :(I feel semi-bad for bashing on this place... but I'm utterly disappointed that it was all hype. I believe the 4.5 stars comes from its convenience and price, not the quality of food. I can see this place being OK drunk food since it's open 24/7.What I recommend? Save your $6 and walk over to Chipotle a few minutes down the strip. Get your money's worth!
5	Service: 3.5/5Food: 5/5Wait: 3/5Price: $Presentation of food: 3.5/5Presentation of restaurant: 3/5Overall: 5/5If you love sandwiches, come here. Best HOT SANDWICHES ever. That's all you need to know.
4	I didn't get a chance to try their sandwiches but I did get to steal some of my friends tomato soup which was DELICIOUS. I'm such a sucker for good tomato soup. I love how they put these toasty croutons in it for you...nice textural addition to the soup.
4	Awesome sandwiches inside of planet hollywood...for $6-$7.  Cha-Ching!  We're talking about the real deal here...freshly roasted beef and baked bread!  This sandwich place is located halfway inside the casino and halfway inside the mall.  The line is long...but they get through it pretty quickly.  You order at the first reg, grab your ticket, and a pager.  While standing in line, you could pick up a bottled water, couples of sides, chips, and a dessert.  Pay at the end.  Assembly line...works wonders.  A few minutes later, our pager started buzzing...hot sandwiches ready for devouring!  I had the original which came with roast beef and horseradish sauce.  Great sandwich...perfect consistency on the bread...meat was sliced perfectly thin...but the horsey sauce just wasn't right.  I guess I just would like it a little spicier rather than sweeter.  Wifey had the full montagu...turkey, roast beef, Swiss, cheddar, and mustard sauce.  That sandwich was the bomb diggity.  Every bite was juicy and delish...highly recommend that one.  Our friend ordered the club...although I didn't get to try it, it was gone in 1.5 seconds.  That should say enough.  Haha.  I'm glad we tried this place before we left...I saw that they're opening one at Disneyland.  Hopefully, a location in northern Cali is in the works!
5	this is a pretty awesome place for vegas food -- the hot sandwiches are awesome, plus they're cheap (very important after drinking in vegas) and they're open late (also important after drinking in vegas).  centrally located on the strip, tasty, big menu, accommodating of drunkards, etc. i go almost every time i'm in sin city!
5	There are not enough good things to say about Earl of Sandwich. My family takes vacations in Vegas about twice a year, and every time... I like to grab my lunches here. Creamy tomato soup... its heaven. The best I have tasted. The croutons in the soup add something special, and eaten at the same time, I can not even contain my excitement. It is just delicious. Their sandwiches are just as good. Made to order and always fresh! A nice sit down place at the edge of Miracle Mile Shoppes and the Planet Hollywood Casino. After lunch, go do some shopping!
5	A must have whenever i'm in Vegas. heck, i be ordering TWO sandwiches at a time.I love the Caribbean jerk! and I this time, I tried their new chicken chipotle. YUMMMMMMMMMMMM!!! Toasted to perfection. Quick and made fresh to order. damn delish!! A MUST TRY!!!Open up some more spots please!! I heard one might be opening at downtown disney in Anaheim, CA? please confirm rumors ASAP!
4	Vegas food options are tricky.  Often there is terrible cheap food and hilariously overpriced decent-good food.  Case in point, you probably don't want to go for the $5 prime rib you find in most places.  Probably. This place, despite a silly name and slogan, makes a pretty good sandwich.  Is it the BEST (hot) sandwich.  Debatable.  Does it get bonus points for apparently being founded by the current, actual Earl of Sandwich.  Sure.  Is it interesting that it was started not in Sandwich, but rather outside of Disneyland or that his name is of course not Earl but that his business partner's name is in fact Earl.  A little.  Would it be great to be called Lord Sandwich. Yes. In any case, they make a pretty good sandwich for $6 and have a good selection, as you can tell there because there is always a line at all times of the day.  That said, they also have pretty good hours.
4	Amazing. Flavorful. Affordable.  Top Recommendation: Full Montagu and Caribbean JerkI always get the above two sandwiches whenever I am get to Earls. This place is a must go if you are looking for a relatively quick and cheap bite to eat that is affordable (5.99 each?)and tasty without overindulging at a buffet. All their sandwiches are great! It's definitely the bread that does it for me. Whenever visiting vegas I make it a point to have this as one of my meals, and I always buy an extra one for later munching after a night of fun or if I wake up before everyone and am too lazy to go out on my own. Their other little extras are good too, like the ice cream sandwich and the potato salad. But definitely go for the main entree, the sandwiches. Be aware that lines do get very long during weekends, mainly during meal hours of lunch and dinner. So be prepared to come at a different time or wait. The longest I've waited during busy periods was 30 minutes and that line started all the way at the entrance in to Planet Hollywood. It was still worth it! And their ordering system makes it such a fast and efficient line.
5	There are literally thousands of reviews extolling Earl of Sandwich as the finest (and most affordable!) place to have a sandwich on the Strip.While all those reviews are indeed awesome, I'm going to talk about something else entirely: tomato soup.Yes, tomato soup.(I've said it before and I'll say it again... The easiest way to make a snap judgement about a restaurant is by looking at the quality of its soup.)The tomato soup at Earl's is orgasmic.  In fact, it's the best damn tomato soup I've ever had.  It's rich, it's creamy, and it's packed with an incredible depth of tomato flavor.  It's topped with the most perfectly crisped croutons I've ever encountered (not too soft, not too hard).  One spoonful of this tomato soup and I was in foodie heaven ...... at 8:30am.Yeah, I went to Earl's for breakfast.  Weird, I know -- but please don't hate.  It's actually a great place to go for breakfast.  There are no lines in the morning, and there's plenty of seating to go around.  In fact, it was only like 5 minutes between when I placed my order at the counter and when the little electronic plastic thingy started blinking and vibrating to let me know my food was ready.What to have with tomato soup at 8:30am?  Grilled cheese wasn't on the menu, so I had the next-best thing: the tuna melt.  And, oh my God, this tuna melt was just as orgasmic as the tomato soup.  It was a fresh, delicious roll with piping hot tuna and a layer of beautifully melted cheese.  Is there such thing as tuna bliss?  I think there is, and it's served up at Earl's.Did I mention that all this food cost less than 10 bucks?Have I convinced you of Earl's amazingness yet?  If so, get off your butt and walk -- no, RUN -- to the Planet Hollywood hotel as fast as you possibly can and start noshing on some of the best cheap eats in Las Vegas.
4	Let me sum up all the other positive reviews...for a mid-Strip, Vegas lunch or snack you won't beat this place...simple, tasty sandwiches at a great price (I got a sandwich, chips and drink for under $10). Pass up the fast food, it's worth the short wait in line, and you won't be disappointed.
5	Amazing sandwiches, first time here and it was great. Long line, but worth the wait. When I come back to Vegas I'm stopping in here to get a late night sandwich.
3	HYPE. I think that's what gets people to go here. So many people have raved about this place and how good their sandwiches are, so I was expecting full flavor sandwiches that lived up to the hype. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I have to say that the sandwiches are reasonably priced and are good, but I don't really know what's so special about them. If I hadn't gone here for lunch, I don't think I'd be missing out on much. If you're curious about this place, def give it a try. If you're expecting a lot.. maybe lower your expectations so you won't be disappointed.
4	Good and affordable sandwiches brings drunk club kids and elderly Asian people to this spot at 3AM. It's so much better than Lee's. My veggie sandwich was stuffed with cucumbers, tomatoes, onion, and feta in between a nice toasty bread. I think arugula and spinach would've elevated the sandwich. And I'm disappointed that there are no bread options. But for $5.99, this sandwich is a steal when compared to other food options. I would totally come here if I was clubbing close by, but if I were at the Wynn or the Venetian, then no. It's just a sandwich.
3	Located in Planet Hollywood, Earl Of Sandwich has been getting positive reviews. So let me keep it short and sweet:Long LinesAffordable 6 inch sandwich. THE EARL CLUB SANDWICH is one of the most popular. ($6.30) It was tasty, toasted and hit the spot. They could spare more meat. I wish it had a little more.It is a decent spot that I will try again.
5	On our way to a wedding in Utah, we decided a nice diversion to Las Vegas was in hand.  We stayed at the Planet Hollywood Casino & Resort. I figured you can't beat $80 for a night when it usually runs $250.In looking for a place to eat we decided to stay inside.  Of course I pulled up my handy Yelp app on my phone and said "hey, we should try this place.. Earl.. of Sandwich.."  Girlfriend said yes and we headed down.The place was pretty packed for mid afternoon, but as I got close I could tell why.  The aroma that filled the air quickly covered up the sweat and machine smell from the machines in the casino.  I ordered their new chicken chipotle sandwich. Ok,  l love sandwiches, but honestly... usually sandwiches are sandwiches, but let me tell ya what, Earl knows their sandwich.  The service was wonderful and the food was even more delicious than the smell itself.   The only bad part was that I tend to eat good food too quickly.. and yeah, my sandwich was awesome.  Earl was so good that we went back for breakfast before we headed out.  That's gotta say something for this place.. twice in 24 hours?  Oh yeah.
5	HOLLY HELL BEST SANDWICH EVER. I mean when you think of a sandwich you think subway, which is ok... but this is on a different level!! so good! so convenient that is open 24/7. earl of sandwich i cant wait for you guys to come to down town disney!!
3	A little over hyped in my opinion but it is a good cheap LATE night spot to grab a bite to eat.The line is incredibly long at times but moves pretty fast.Perfect end of day / start of next day snack before hitting the hay.
4	Got the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich and the full montagu - pretty darn good sandwiches! Came here simply to see if the 2000+ reviews averaging 4.5 stars were for real and I'd have to say yes it is.I'm on the lower end of that average rating, but it's still really good. It basically reminds me of Quiznos, but takes it up a notch with their ingredients and sauces. Better ingredients = better food = happy me.
4	You can smell the deliciousness within a hundred feet of this place.  The Original is some of the most tender roast beef you'll ever eat and the chicken jerk is quite delectable too.  The bread is warm and toasty, but the sandwiches could stand to have a bit more meat in them.  I'd definitely come back here and sample some other things on the menu.
5	A LIFE SAVER!!!!!!!!I go to Vegas by myself quite often to play poker for a weekend.The first night upon arrival, I was staying at the cosmopolitan and searching for an affordable and quick meal, it dawned on me that my choices at that hour were nothing but high end sit down places.  I realized that I did not want to eat at some fine dinning sit down place by myself so I went on a mission to find some good quality quick food. I went from the lobby of the cosmopolitan through the "crystal" mall. Found nothing.Then I proceeded to trek it ( and it was a decent walk whilst starving) over to ceases forum. Thinking that something might be open.Found nothing again...Remind you, I am alone and have no need for a sit down restaraunt.Finally, hunger pangs fully kicking, I go over to planet hollywoods mall and walk through the ENTIRE place till I hit an Oasis...EARL OF SANDWICH!!!!I bought a earl club sandwich at about 2:00 am and continued to eat there exclusively for the next 3 days unless I had table service while I was playing.Truly a lifesaver you are, mr earl of sandwich.2 thumbs up, 5 stars and a ok from me.
4	Came here after a night at Marquee.  Good sandwich but nothing spectaular so im a bit surprised at the 4.5 rating. Still, overall value is pretty good here and this is a pretty good option for late night eats. Day time you have so many other options though so I'd probably skip thisFood tried: ItalianGood flavor. The bread is ok but could be a little thinner. Montagu(a bite)Good. Less flavor than the Italian. Service: order at the counter and pay. Then pick up your order when you buzzer starts buzzing. Was not too sober when I ordered, but I don't really remember there being much offered in terms of sandwich customization.
4	WE LOVE this place!!!  We were introduced to Earl when we were in DisneyWorld (where they make substitutions (including adding extra meat) for free)!!!  We're a little disappointed that we can't add extra meat for free but this place still does a great sandwich!  Want to try all their sandwiches but can't seem to stray from the Montague!  Also got to try the tomato soup...it's good but the sandwiches are the stars!!!  This is usually our first stop after getting off that red eye from Hawaii!!! LOVE that it's 24 hours!  Can't wait to go back!!!
5	This place is off the chain!! We stopped here after hearing nothing but amazing things and were already there checking out the Miracle Mile shops. The line was a little long but worth the wait! I honestly don't think this place is ever dead because it's open 24 hours and has great food!I ordered the "all american" sandwich and the tomato bisque soup. My boyfriend ordered the chicken chipotle sandwich, which apparently is a limited time only sandwich. Priced fairly well for Vegas (around $6 a sandwich) and we both referred to the size of the sandwiches being like a brick. Both of us loved the portion and freshness of the sandwich, made to order, and I loved my soup! The soup has homemade croutons inside and the sandwich had all my favorites (turkey, lettuce, tomato, cheese) and also cranberries! It added a sweetness to the sandwich but very good toasted with the other ingredients. My boyfriend's sandwich was also good, the chipotle sauce giving the chicken a nice flavor. I'm a little sad I won't be able to find one of these back home in AZ but am hopeful for the day it makes it here! Definitely check this place out when you're hungry and in Vegas baby!
5	Delicious and an excellent value!
5	Words cannot describe the great flavors of their items. This is a 'must try' place.
5	I want to know how they get the bread so perfectly toasted every time I get it! There is not much to say about this place that hasn't been said already: fast service, long lines, and awesome toasted bread. Even sober, I still enjoy them Earls. My all time favorite is the Holiday Sandwich which is only made during the winter. When it's not the holidays, I fall back on the American and it's enough for me until I come back to Vegas for Christmas break, hehe. Oh, there's free wi-fi too!
2	I don't understand what all the hype's about. I think everyone just thinks it's amazing because they're all drunk and it's not expensive. Just regular sandwiches to me, meh!
5	great food and reasonably priced (especially for vegas)i always go here whenever i go to vegas! the sandwiches are delicious and for $6?!!? you can't beat that!my favs: Hawaiian and  Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich
5	So good that I came here THREE times this past weekend!! Talk about that "EARL'S DIET"..The lines are long, but it moves quickly. Perfect place to stop by for a great meal at any hour!Recommendations:Tuna Melt - SO GOOD. Good portion of tuna, and the bread in nicely toasted. I saved half for later.....yum.Bacon, Egg, Cheddar Breakfast Sandwich (offered til 11am)- The bacon is VERY good! It has the perfect amount of saltiness and is easy to bite through. I got this 2 mornings in a row. (We stayed at Planet Hollywood)Broccoli Cheddar Soup - Hits the spot! Nice and thick with lots of broccoli. Not too salty.I also had one of my friend's brownie bites. Sweet and delicious! I can't wait 'til they build one near me in Downtown Disney. Hurry up, Earl's!
2	If I'm going to eat a sandwich, I don't want one so thin that it feels like I'm eating a lunchable. SO skimpy on the meat (which is tasteless & grocery store quality) and vegetables (1 leaf of lettuce in the sandwich). The chicken tastes microwaved and has a really squishy texture. Bread is toasted and crispy but is very thin and has NO flavor whatsoever. Caesar salad was DRENCHED in dressing and the plastic container was over half full with those nasty soggy squishy chicken pieces. Yeah you're paying ~$6 per sandwich, but I don't consider that a great deal for such a small, mediocre sandwich. SO NOT WORTH waiting in that long line. People who like Earl's - you are trippin.
5	Oh wow. Fast Casual is sweeping the dining scene for good reason, and while Chipotle is the go-to for Mexican and Noodles & Company the go-to for pasta, I don't yet have a favorite fast casual joint for sandwiches outside of local delis. That all changed when I walked into Earl of Sandwich.Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?Order at the counter, wait a little bit, and grab your hot sandwich. Easy breezy beautiful. Star Granted.Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?$6.48 for a hot, filling sandwich? Yes.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TjthorvXMrkhujk8Q9M2ow&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHgStar Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?So Good. Yes, at the end of the day it's just a hot sandwich, but the uniqueness of the bread and variety of the fillings easily trump just about any other fast sandwich shop out there. Dual Stars Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?Without question. Star Granted.
5	Tasty, quick, & nice variety of toasted sandwiches to choose from. Good assortment of sides to go with too. Perfect balance of meat/veg/bread ratio. I want an Earl of Sandwich in my hometown! Will definitely go back again.Order your sandwich/salad/soup at first register, grab whatever "sides" you like along the cafeteria style counter and pay at the end of the line.  You'll be given a buzzer to let you know when your sandwich is ready. Went here twice & this is what I tried:Full Montagu: roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & savory mustard sauce. Delish! I devoured it.All American: turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries, cheddar, lettuce & tomatoes. Yum if you like sweet & savory. Dessert: brownie sandwich w/vanilla creme filling. Very sweet. Good for sharing.Free Wi-Fi....but don't stay too long... table turnover is not too bad but there's not too many seats considering the masses fed here.
5	Came here again and went in for the kill:An All American with a cup of tomato soup and an Earl Grey lemonade.I don't think I've ever had such a satisfying hangover meal in my life.  Thank you, Earl of Sandwich!
5	I love sandwiches as much as the next guy, but this place has the sandwich worth the wait! Lucky for us we didn't have a line. But seriously, when I heard it was a sandwich, I thought it was just another Subway joint with good bread and meats. BOY WAS I WRONG!Its a sandwich with toasted bread, warm meats freshly cooked, melted cheese and lets not forget some cool vegetables! I was having some serious hunger munchies (NO I DON'T SMOKE WEED) that day and this sandwich more than satisfied! The only bad thing about this place, is there isn't one that I know of in the Los Angeles area. But all in all, the people were very friendly, the food was excellent and atmosphere... well you're in Vegas; lots of people, shops and casinos.
5	I would have to say one of the best sandwiches I have had at a restaurant. The ingredients are fresh and complimenting.
4	Came here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. This place is located towards the Strip side of Planet Hollywood on the south side of the shops. You stand in line, place your order, get handed a buzzer, walk up to the cashier to pay, then find a seat while you wait a couple minutes for your food. I ordered two different sandwichesThe Earl's Club - Packed with flavor (and I'm sure sodium). So tasty...and of course, the bacon is a nice added bonus!The Full Montagu - Really good sandwich too, but not as good as the Earl's Club.What I really enjoyed about the sandwich was the warm bread with the crunchy exterior - all sandwiches should have this kind of bread! Mmm
5	This place is the best value on the strip by far, bar none.  If I'm grinding poker and want to eat something inexpensive, light, and tasty, then this is the only place I need.  Not only is this place 1/2 the price of most of the nearby options, it is cheaper than sandwich shops I go to back home in Dallas.The sandwiches are tasty as are the salads.  Plus, the restaurant has free wifi.  I ate here like 6 times over 5 days and will gladly return on my next Vegas trip.
4	This place is open 24 hours!!! The sandwhiches are really affordable too! $6 for a hot sandwhich or salad and they have some other things too. I like how it's just one pricing for all the sandwhiches and one pricing for the soups/salads. I've heard lots about this place, so I was excited to try it. It passed my food test. It tasted fresh and was warm and cheap. The flavors tasted good together. I got I believe the club. I will have to try others next time. Only thing was that they took a bit too long to make my sandwhich... maybe because of the time it took to make it hot? I would come here again though and next time, I think I also want to try the soups and salads.
5	I can't believe my first words for these sandwiches were...."IT'S DISGUSTING!"...I have an explanation! You see....it's Vegas and with my low tolerance of alcohol and all....HALF A SHOT LATER, I thought Earl's sandwich was disgusting! BUT IT'S NOT! I was able to really enjoy it the next day and I chowed down the whole sandwich!!!!!! Definitely try the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and Carribean Jerk Chicken! And if you just want to stay on the safe side, get the club! They're ALLLL delicious! So glad we stayed at the Elara and Earl was just a few feet away ;)
4	Do you know the Earl of Sandwich?  If you don't fall in love with their clever branding, you'll definitely fall in love with their sandwich.  I mean sandwich has been in the owner's family for hundreds of years and so you could say they are sandwich royalty.  Sure you might feel like a plebian waiting in line obediently scanning the menu, but when that buzzer rings indicating your order is ready, you may just feel like you won the lotto.I tried both the Original and the Montagu and while both were delicious, I have to say hats off to the Original, which is fresh roast beef served on delicious bread with a generous serving of horseradish sauce.  No mas, but muy delicioso.  I was tempted to get an ice cream sandwich, but my expanding waistline just could not take the hit.  But next time, Earl, I will sample your dessert-wich-es.
4	I've not had a good tuna sandwich for a long time. It was very yummy. Love it.
5	If you're in Vegas...try this place!! I've been here many times because they have one of the best sandwiches! What's more important to you? The bread or what's in between? Well, I have to say...they make a tasty combination of sandwiches!I've tried most of them and they're all good so it's personal preference. My favorite is their Holiday Turkey Sandwich, oven roasted turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and gravy. Delish! FYI, it's not available all year long. Expect a line but not too long of a wait and plus, it's available 24 hours!
5	Don't really need to say much here, as 2000+ reviews at a 4.5 star average speaks for itself. I was out all night and was too tired to go out for lunch with my friends, but they were kind enough to bring me an Earl's Club back. It was probably a good hour or so by time they ordered it to the time they brought it back to me, but the sandwich was still warm and delicious! I can't imagine how much better it would be fresh! For $6, this is a freaking steal compared to a lot of the more expensive food options in Vegas. Couple that with the fact that it's open 24 hours, and this place is money.
5	In the mood for a sandwich? Or just a hangover cure? Earl of Sandwich is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had. I'm not a big fan is Subway or Quiznos so to say the least I can be kind of a sandwich snob. During this outing I visited Earl of Sandwich at the Mile Mall next to Planet Hollywood. I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado with a Broccoli & Cheddar soup. The chicken was grilled to perfection with a perfect balance of chipotle sauce topped with fresh avocados. For those of you that are a big fan of avocados, the Earl Club is something to rave about. It's a classic sub with turkey and your sandwich essentials (tomatoes, lettuce, Swiss). The soup was alright, it was a little early to get a better feel for it but it was good.
4	Earl's is pretty clutch because it's in Plant Hollywood so it's pretty much in the middle of the strip which makes it easy for everyone to try! There should not be any excuses for not trying Earl's when you're in town, it's open 24hrs 7 days a week!The bread is fresh.The lines are quick.There's a Fat Tuesday in the same hotel, what's not to love!I've had . . . The Italian (typical Italian sandwich), The Earl's Club (turkey and bacon), Caprese (mozzarella and balsamic) . . . all of which have met my expectations. The only downside . . . their pasta salad was probably THE WORST I've ever had! Stay away from that and you're good to go ;)
4	Avoid going during peak lunch hours and you'll find no wait and a quick moving line. My first attempt to eat here was during Labor Day weekend around 1pm and the line was all the way out into the main Miracle Mile walkway. Massively hungover and running on empty there was no way I was going to wait in that long of a line. The next day at 4pm was much less crowded and we probably only had to wait in line for 3 minutes before placing our order. Quick turnaround with getting fresh hot sandwiches out after ordering too. All of the sandwiches sounded so good it was difficult to choose but I picked the Hawaiian BBQ and a frozen lemonade. I'll pass on the lemonade in the future, it was nothing special. The sandwich was great though. Stuffed full of ingredients, just half of one was large enough to fill my tummy.Can't wait to make a return visit this weekend for my birthday to try more sandwiches (not gonna lie, I totally want to stock up and take some for the trip home).
5	If you have not tried Earl's of sandwich, YOU ARE MISSING OUT!One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. And it is cheap! My favs:--The full montagu-- the carribean jerk chickemit is filling, and packed with meat! yum...
2	Duke, Duke, Duke, Duke of EarlDuke, Duke, Duke of EarlDuke, Duke, Duke of EarlDuke, Duke, Duke of EarlYes, a-I, oh, I'm gonna love youOh, oh, nothing can stop me, now'Cause you're The Duke of EarlSo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahSorry Earl I didn't love you.  I love you bread and juicy roast beef but the rest of the meats and crap in it sucked.  $6 is cheap for Vegas.  We walked from the Venetian just to eat here at Planet Hollywood.  Its a far ass walk in 100 degree weather.  I was not a happy fatty.  But it was worth it when I saw NeNe walking in the PH being filmed for housewives Atlanta.  woot woot!
3	3.5 actually.  Not bad, but not the best I've tasted in my life.  I wish there was less cheese in the Montangu.
5	Earl of Sandwich is a delicious and budget friendly place to eat! I had it for the very first time on my x number of times that I have been to vegas.  I can't believe I have never had it till now! But I'm so glad to have found it.Earl of Sandwich is located inside Planet Hollywood.  I actually had this place for dinner and lunch the next day.  It was nice to eat somewhere affordable and not feel like you have to stuff yourself to get your money's worth at a buffet.Earl of Sandwich gets the job done and serves mouth-watering decent sized sandwiches.  The sandwiches are all perfectly balanced with its different components.  The bread is really fresh and the whole sandwich just melts in your mouth.  It's so warm and gooey--I'm craving for it already just reminiscing about it!The salads were really good too.  I tried the Mediterranean Caesar Salad and it was really good as well.  Make sure to tell them to go light on the dressing since they tend to put a lot in there.    I also got to try their frozen lemonade which was pretty decent....but what makes it better is if you have extra vodka laying around....say at your room or in your pocket ...or your purse...Just splash some in there and BAM! you have a refreshing cocktail.Earl of Sandwich, I'll be back for you!
4	24-Hour Sandwich Shop!Earl gets down in the sandwich game!!! Like previous yelpers mentioned the price alone makes Earl of Sandwich worth giving a try. In a land filled with overpriced EVERYTHING its nice to eat for a very decent price! Also, as previous yelpers have mentioned the sandwiches here are GOOD!!! I've had a few different sandwiches but my favorite is definitely the roast beef with horseradish!Aside from the sandwiches they also have DELICIOUS chicken noodle soup! If you have a hangover or you just like yourself a cup of chicken noodle don't pass this one up, its not too salty and has just the right proportion of broth to noodles!
3	I guess you have to be drunk to give this five stars. The food was...how can i describe it? ...mediocre. I got the Caprese was ok, nothing to write home about.  The bread was nothing special, not super fresh. The tomato soup (IIRC) was meh.Would I wait in line again for this? no.
4	For the long line, I expected a long sandwich... yet what I received was a decent sized sandwich of good quality.
4	You can't hate on a place that opens 24 hours in Vegas because you never know when you'll be getting in. If you stay in Planet Hollywood, it's even better because you can order a sandwich to go if you're in a rush to get ready or even have a late night snack after going out to cure your drunk munchies. They have sandwiches and soups. I'm soooooo thankful for the soup because that's all I crave when I am hungover!
5	Whenever I go to Vegas.. I go to Eaaarl of Sandwich. First off, this place is 24 hours so you're BOUND to come here after your "late night out". But honestly, esp coming here late at night.. the sandwiches are delish. And no it's not the "drunchies" that's making me say this because I've eaten at Earls during the day as well. Their sandwich portions aren't that big though so you can defs finish a whole sandwich on your own if you're super hungry. Other than that, the prices are okay too. Only thing is.. lines might be kind of long since this place is super popular (could also be hard to find a seat). The sandwiches are perfectly toasted, with just the right amount of everything. Oh, and you can't forget the Grey Poupon (sp?)! But yeee this place is a must go for a good, affordable meal in Vegas!
5	Best Sandwiches ever!!! You will love it....
3	It's close to ten bucks for a sandwich and a drink, and don't be expecting a footlong like from Subway.  I'd say that whatever bread they pick, it's about 6-8 inches long for the subs which makes you long for more.Which sucks because when you finish, you do feel like you're left with this emptiness inside.I had a Chipotle Chicken Avocado that was.... WOW.  Like... uhh... WOW.  But the size of it really makes you want a AYCE sandwich shop.  The food is too good to be drunken stupor food, but the size of it doesn't quite qualify the money unless you're accounting for Strip economics.
4	Crack food, worth the wait! =) soups are nothing special though =(
5	People have often asked me about late night eats in the City of Sin and usually the first place that comes to mind is Earl of Sandwich. The good ol Earl might just be the best thing that has ever happened to Planet Hollywood and for 24 hours a day, seven days a week it feeds many appetites for non-Strip prices.For those not in the know, Earl of Sandwich is a chain. Not a Nevada only chain like some others were lead to believe, but a national one. It doesn't carry the name of a Quizno's or Subway's, only its way better and until LV gets an place that is local and convenient, it seems the rest will be flocking here and adding to the already silly lines that occur randomly throughout the week.My sandwich of choice is the Full Montagu, a beautiful concoction of turkey, roast beef, lettuce, cheddar and swiss cheeses, tomatoes, and Earl's mustard. It's a classic choice, perhaps their most popular one, and it is delicious any time - whether its hungry and sober or hungover and blacked out. A fun combination is the Turkey Holiday (aka the Thanksgiving dinner), which features turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and gravy. There are a multitude of sandwiches that fit every palate, every craving, and thankfully are between $5-8 each. This is considered a great deal on the Strip.If you can stomach the lines and the sometimes impatient service, Earl of Sandwich is a rite of passage for many late night hungry folks on the strip. This is a way better alternative than shooting for the standard casino diner / cafe and worth the few bucks for a shot at sandwich glory.
2	*** THIS REVIEW PROBABLY IS ONLY INTERESTING TO VEGETARIANS **Woke up hungover, of course, and wanted a reeeeally good sandwich. I was staying at the MGM and thought, "If I'm going to pay $15 for a sandwich, I want it to be special." I could have skipped walking down the blazing hot strip first thing at noon right out of bed and just gone to 'wichcraft, which is the sandwich place inside MGM. Now I wish I had. The line was crazy long, but it was noon, and it was Saturday, and it only took like 15 minutes, so I'm not gonna gripe about that. However, you place your order by standing by the register and you don't get to see any of the other ingredients that are available. You just get whatever sandwich they have however they make it. Sure, I could have asked and tried to add things maybe, but I feel like a dick doing that when all of the employees are already looking flustered and there's a line of like 50 people behind me.First I should mention, I came here because Yelp assured me I would love it. I am a vegetarian that occasionally eats fish for special occasions or when I'm hungover and want something kinda gross but good. It said "Vegetarians go nuts for this place." But HOW, vegetarians? HOW do you go nuts for this place? The only veggie sandwich was your typical basil/mozzarella/tomato sandwich that is always the option EVERYWHERE and I don't ever want one ever again because I've had it a million times. In fact I have never known a vegetarian that goes nuts for this kind of sandwich, because it's tasteless and boring. So anyway, I got the tuna melt, because everyone was actually going nuts for this on reviews. The bread was pretty good, but the rest of it, when I ate it I hardly acknowledged the taste, because all I could think about was the awful stomach ache I was now destined to have after eating this. There was absolutely NO vegetables. No tomato, no onion, no lettuce... WTF? This was hardly a $10 sandwich. Also it was Albacore tuna which is the cheapest tuna on the market and there was nothing else in the tuna salad besides mayo. Real creative for a place named after a guy that INVENTED something as awesome as a sandwich. Don't go here (if you're vegetarian or are considering the tuna melt). Especially if you're not staying at Planet Hollywood (lucky you, that place looked awful). And especially if you're a little cranky and tired and it's over 100 degrees outside and you have to walk longer than two minutes to get there. I don't know about other sandwich places, I just know this place isn't as awesome as Yelp reviews are making it seem.
3	After hearing so much about this place I had to try it.   I had split the Earl Club and the Montagu sandwich and I think the Montagu was the best of the 2.  On both the meat was warm and moist and the bread was also really good. But I wish the sandwiches had more taste.  My friend said that the Chipotle chicken was really good so maybe get that one if you want a more tasty sandwich
2	I want to go back here again and again, and be a regular here and then the duke. Just so I can say I am the "Duke of Earl (of Sandwhich)"!! .That aside, there are four laws of Sandwich1  Soft fillings are best served on soft breads.2. When wet ingredients, such as tomatoes are used, a thin coating of mayonnaise, butter, cream cheese or oil should be applied to the bread as a moisture barrier.3. Avoid placing layers of slippery, slidy substances next to one another4. Never, ever use a bread you wouldn't eat on its own.The sandwich I had was the earls club. Which consisted of :Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. The sandwich was generally nice it followed all of the rules I set out aside here. It mostly stayed together very well, had good structure and mostly good taste.The major downside I would say is that they seem to really skimp on the amount of actually filling they give, the bread seemed to be mostly bread and filler to me. I didn't really get the feeling that I got my 8 dollars worth of sandwich.The place wasn't anything special, just a mall style eatery in a casino. It was ok, for a relatively cheap place to eat on the strip, but it wasn't anything to race back to.
4	Considering Earl of Sandwich is 24 hours, this is a pretty legit sandwich place. Not the best I've ever had, but good enough to satisfy your sandwich craving drunk or sober. Plus the sandwiches are decently priced and even though it always appears to be packed, the lines move fairly quickly! This sandwich place is mainly known for its "hot" sandwiches. I shared the Earl's Club with my gf and the sandwich consisted of turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and the Earl special sauce. The sandwich was just OKAY. I think the bread was much tastier than the ingredients in the sandwich itself. The meats were nothing special. It sort of tasted like ordinary deli meat. I am quite particular with my sandwiches....If it uses turkey for instance, I actually expect soft tender chunks of turkey not really deli style. I also tried the Caprese sandwich and I think that one is my fave. Just because the ciabatta bread was so lusciously soft, it sits perfectly when mozzarella, tomato, basil, and balsamic vinaigrette are laid out in between. There is an array of baked goodies as you are getting closer to pay for your meal. It is pretty tempting, to buy, but I passed on those goodies.
3	I seriously don't see the hype.  I got the original sandwich and it was good, but does not rank as one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The meat was nice and tender, but the bread was dry and I ended up dipping it in the soup I ordered.  Maybe more of a spread would have helped.  I also ordered the the cobb and the broccoli and cheddar soup.  Minus the dried cranberries, the cobb was good.  I spent a fair amount of time picking out the cranberries, but in the end I liked the salad.  It wasn't overly dressed which is a pet peeve of mine, so I was happy.  The soup was like any other soup I could have ordered from quiznos or another sandwich shop like that.  Nothing special.  Would I go back to Earl of Sandwich to try another sandwich?  Perhaps.  But I'd probably order another soup or grab some extra mayo and mustard packets just in case!
4	Ahh Earl of Sandwich...you are my favorite quick bite when I'm in Vegas!  It's 24 hours located in the Planet Hollywood hotel so anytime you need a snack Earl is there for you.  I do recall after coming here from a club all I wanted was a breakfast sandwich...and sadly was informed that they didn't start breakfast till 5am?!  Thats why they lost a star in my book.I've had several different sandwiches and have yet to be disappointed.  The All American and the Earl's Club are two of my favorites.  For breakfast I stick to the staple, ham egg and cheese...fabulous!  One tip my friend and I have learned is splitting a sandwich is a good idea if just looking for a quick snack before the bars.  The lines can be pretty intimidating but they always seem to move at a good pace.Someone should open a franchise in Chicago...I bet it would do quite well here!
4	Was in Vegas just last weekend, and when my friend discovered I have not been here...degrading words were spoken and then I was taken here twice(arriving and departing) just to let it soak in how much I was missing outI am way late on this foodie place, but I am glad to have enjoyed their Original and Full Montagu24/7 so no excuse to miss out when visiting Planet HollywoodFour stars because of price..a sandwich for 7.09 should at least come with a soda or beer
5	cream my jeans good.
5	Went here twice last weekend, once while sober before we went to a pool party & once drunk after coming from the club. Both times I had the same thing. The Chicken Chipotle Avocado BOMB BOMB BOMB! Soooo yummy! It hit the spot on the taste-o-meter. lol. Prices for a sandwich are 7 bucks, eh... it doesn't even come with a drink but we got free water. I split the sandwich both times & it filled me up pretty good.Looooove how it is 24 hours, living in Seattle we are only used to Chinatown for after-clubbing meals. Having a sandwich is a change of pace for me & it is YUMMY! Sober & drunk, lol. Just sayin'If I ever go back to Vegas, I'll for sure be back [=
4	earl of sandwich!line is ridiculously long, but they have like 500 people working in the back. great to have after partying all night in vegas if you don't want steak and eggs. sandwiches are diverse, filling, and flavorful. i usually get the full montagu, but this time i ordered the chipotle chicken avocado - grilled chicken strips, savory chipotle sauce and avocado with cheddar cheese, bacon, and leaf lettuce. the sandwich was amazing and flavorful. the chicken was not dry at all. the spice from the chipotle with the fresh avocado is a great balance. all the flavors work well together. hurry up, anaheim location!will definitely come back again (if i'm in vegas) and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
5	i will never get tired of this place!! inside miricle mile shops /phlove the tomato soupopen 24 hours!!!excellent hot sandwichs i love em all my favorite is the american/ meatballi always gotta visit earls more than once when im in vegasprices are reasonabletheres no excuse to hate this place!!!!!!!why wont you open a earl of sandwich in the bay area!!!!!!?!?!????do try em!
4	I finally got to try Earl of Sandwich! The menu is a bit small, but somehow I feel like there's a sandwich for every kind of sandwich lover out there. I absolutely love warm sandwiches, and Earl's does them well with their consistent, perfectly toasted bread. I definitely have no regrets eating Earl's more than once during my stay in Vegas.My favorite sandwich would have to be the Tuna Melt, but the Montagu and Earl Club are also delish! The Cannonball was just ok. I probably wouldn't get that again. If the line is a bit daunting, all you have to do is make a phone order and pick up your sandwich when it's ready at the cash register. No need to wait in that ridiculous line. Even better, if you're staying in Planet Hollywood and you don't want to go out for a meal, you can make the call from your room and lounge around while you wait.I wouldn't go as far as saying Earl's has the best sandwiches ever (perhaps that's the drunken Vegas talk/hype), but they definitely do sandwiches right. It's a great way to get a quick and cheap meal when time and money are tight, which is pretty often while you're in Vegas.Unfortunately, it may be hard to find a place to sit, so beware if you came in a group of a bajillion people.
4	This place is the definition of clutch. Delicious food, fast service, and super affordable prices. A real lifesaver in Vegas.I swear that I eat here at least 2-3 times on every Vegas trip. Why? Maybe I don't have the appetite for a buffet. Maybe I don't want to pay $30 for an average restaurant meal. Maybe I'm running short on time due to other "priorities". Where can I get great food without emptying my wallet or waiting endlessly? You guessed it.It's remarkable how fast the service here is. Whenever I see the long line, I always think that it's going to take forever. Silly me, I should know better after all of my visits. This place uses an assembly line system to crank out sandwiches in record time. If only more places were like this. But what about the taste? No compromise here. The sandwiches are fresh, toasty, and hearty. I would highly recommend the Full Montagu, Earl's Club, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The prices are amazing compared to most food items in Vegas. Most sandwiches are under $7! For that price, you might as well get a few and stock up for later.And while I'm not sure if it's open 24/7, I've never seen this place closed. Let's just say I've been here at some pretty odd hours too. Can't wait to come back!
5	This place is a must. Very inexpensive especially when everything in vegas is expensive. It was a very quick service. You order, get one of those vibrating thing so that when your food is ready it will vibrate, and you find your own seats which are plenty. It's located right inside of Planet Hollywood down stairs. Great Place! Sadly, I wasn't able to grab another before I had to go back home. TRY it!!!
5	Nestled among the slot machines and cheesy Vegas lights is this little food oasis. They're incredibly cheap, especially when you consider that it's a bamf sandwich shop in Sin City. The sandwiches are always always, ahem, always amazing. Packed with flavor, fresh veggies and meats and melted cheese between two toasted slices of bread, it's quality food that fills your tummy and leaves you happy and satisfied. They do simple so well it's admirable.  Oh and try the soup, it's clutch.
5	EAT THE SOUP!  I know, you are thinking, soup?  Really?  The Wisconsin cheddar is baby Jesus all melted down and salty.  DO IT.  you won't regret it.
4	Definitely a cheap and must visit sandwich shop while in LV. Landed in LV Friday evening and we were famished so decided to hit up Earl's after dropping our bags off at the room. So many times have I heard great praises of the tuna melt so of course I was gonna get myself a tuna melt!Usually when I see tuna melt on the menu I kinda skip over it and look for a sandwich with turkey/meat, avocado or bacon, but I just had to try the Tuna Melt and I'm glad I did! Within less than 24 hours (5p-10a) I already visited Earl's on my stay in Vegas, good thing we were staying at PH. Next time I think I'll place my order over the phone and just pick up. Can't wait till the one in Downtown Disney opens up, but I'm wishing they could just open one up in the SFV or even Woodland Hills!*If you like bacon all their sandwichs w/ bacon have a nice crunchy piece of bacon in every bite!
5	As you can tell by the other reviews, it's quite simply the Holy Grail for sandwiches.  The Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich is my perfect 10.  I ate in three times in 36 hours time last time I was in Las Vegas, and will so the same when I go back.  When you sit in the PH sportsbook, and think about how great that sandwich was for 15 minutes, you know it's legit!
5	Who hasn't gone to Earl's late at night after clubbing, or hungover the next morning, or 10 mins before your flight to scarf down 2-3 sandwiches and buy 2-3 more to go to take home (to wherever you will be resting your poor, broken body for the next week recovering from Vegas), Earl's is a Vegas Institution!I have been fortunate enough to enjoy The 1762, The Club, The Full Montagu, Cannonballs, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  The 1762 with its simple combination of roast beef, horseradish and cheddar is hard to beat, but the Full Montagu is a close second.  I suggest ordering both for a meal, and getting a Cannonballs to go, because eating a meatball sub cold after a night of debauchery is an experience that can't really be beat.Oh, one more thing, please, for the love of all that is holy to you, do not forget to get an Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich.  Those are magical and will make your see the god (or gods) of your choice as you slowly consume them and savor every delicious bite.
2	I read the reviews on Yelp, and was all excited to try this place.  So it's 1am on a rainy, thunderstormy night in Vegas, but I press on to sample the Earl's tuna melt sandwich.  I was craving a good tuna melt, and from the photos on Earl's website, it looked like I was in for a huge, delicious sandwich.  Not the case.  There was barely enough tuna on my sandwich to give it even a slight tuna flavor.  The bread was the main thing I tasted.  Definately not the double-layer of tuna depicted on their website.  For $6.49, I felt I was overcharged.  To top it off, when I was done, I showed the photo of the tuna melt from their website to the Manager (Marc).  He said "they sure make it look big on the website, obviously they're making it look like a lot more than it is".  He then simply offered me a "sorry boss" and then turned and walked away, no offer to remake my sandwich, refund my money, maybe comp me a brownie or anything.  Left with a bad taste in my mouth.  Oh, and to top it off, they were repairing the floors in the seating area, and the workers were using blowtorches to heat up the vinyl flooring (looks like wood, but it's vinyl).  It gave off noxious odors while I was eating at one of the two available tables.  I definately won't be in any hurry to return, I've had much better sandwiches at the Carnegie Deli in Vegas, and at Gaglione Bros. subs in San Diego!
4	This place was really good. I had the one with chicken, avocado, I think there was bacon, and I forget what else. I almost got the 1762, but after the 1st bite, I was happy with my choice. Maybe next time. There was a line, but it moved quickly, and our food was at our table before we knew it. I did wish the sandwich was bigger, but after sitting and letting it digest, I found that I was fine. It was after 12am when we ate here, so the next time I'm in Vegas and hungry late, I will very likely come by here.
4	When my friend excitedly turned to me on the way to Vegas and said, "ooh I have to take you to Earl's!", I had no idea what a treat I'd be in for. My first experience at Earl of Sandwich was pretty amazing. Long line, but it moved rapidly; not much seating, but people always vacating periodically.  The highlight, of course was the food. I got the Chipotle Chicken Avo and an Earl Grey Lemonade, my friend the Club and a tomato soup. We ended up swapping halves of the sandwiches, and so glad we did!The Club is buttery and moist and flavorful--crisp veggies and crunchy bacon and yummy turkey. The Chipotle Chicken Avo--WOW.  It's moved onto the list of sandwiches that I will periodically crave randomly.  The chicken is super moist, the cheese, avocado, bacon, and lettuce balance perfectly with the slightly spicy chipotle sauce, and is all sandwiched between chewy and crusty artisan bread. Friend loved the tomato soup (she was fan from before) and my Earl Grey Lemonade was pretty good as far as Arnold Palmers go. Second experience was after a hard night's partying and before a long charter bus ride back to LA. I ordered on the phone for pick-up and was pleasantly surprised that it would only take 5 minutes for my sandwiches to be ready.  A short walk from the Cosmopolitan, I was back in time with our sandwiches in time to make the bus.  We got the CCA again (how could we not?!) and the Full Montagu... Which, sadly paled in comparison to the Club from yesterday.  Still hearty and filling, but in juxtaposition with the two others, just a tad bland.  When back in Sin City, I will definitely hit up the Earl again.  At this price and quality, I'd be a fool not to!  Plus, it's open 24 hours--and offers some dangerously delectable looking desserts.
5	Great sandwiches can't really go wrong with the Montague.   There is also a second location in the Palms Casino food court. This is a much more convenient location to get to if your located off the strip.
4	When you compare the price of a sandwich to the price of food anywhere else on the strip, you'll quickly realize that it is SO worth $6! The line is daunting but actually moves pretty quickly. Good luck finding a seat though!
5	HOW HAVE I NOT REVIEWED THIS PLACE YET!!!????I'm not gona be elaborate with my review, you can read the other thousands... Let's just say that whenever I come here I always get at least 3 sandwiches (yes.. they're all for me ... muahahhaa) I've tried a lot of their stuff and so far I haven't had any bad experience. The line is pretty long but it goes by quick! and there's always a place to sit cause people just sit, eat and go. or most people will just take it to go. Surprisingly their salads here are pretty good.. for a sandwich place. but yeah I love the Earl's club, the tuna one is good, the montague is pretty good too, the one with the chicken is good too... yea they're all pretty good, so yea I dont know what else to say.
4	the yummiest sandwich I've had in a long time. got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it did not disappoint.hubby got the club, and it was just okay.for once I ordered something better than he did!
5	The most solid choice for food in Vegas for all 24 hours it's open. Wow.Every sandwich here is made to perfection. My favorite is probably their winter season's special-- it's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich!When that's not there, I'll opt for a Full Montague.LOVE IT!
5	OMFG. Like who really cares about sandwiches, right? This place was bomb... Consistent, quick, and so damn good in every way. I like that the sammies aren't huge and I was even sharing half of that already smallish thing when I needed a quick bite before a drinking session.  Tried the Hawaiian BBQ and my bf loved it. Someone else had a chicken, avocado, chipotle version and he loved it too. I had the Full Montagu and it was super filling and meaty but good. Next day, we tried the Caprese. So good too. Gonna bring all my friends :D
5	The Earl still reigns supreme, although I hate the line, but the line is a statement in itself. The word is out and people Love the Earl. I ordered something completely different and  it was amazing. I got the TUNA. Who orders tuna out? No one. But I had to try it. It was a great sandwich and as always, you have your toasted hoagie bun to hold it all together. Delicious. Def worth the wait. Unless I am starving. If I just can't wait to eat something, then PBR is across the hall. Lol.
5	Every time I land in Vegas, I have to go here at least once to get my tuna melt fix. Nothing can beat this place when it comes to simple sandwiches. Ridiculously flavorful, ridiculously good. I've also tried the Hawaiian and I love it as much as I love chocolate, and I love chocolate so it's pretty understandable why I love this place. I'm kind of sad they decided to open up an Earls near downtown Disney and don't get me wrong, I'm happy at the same time that they finally decided to open up one in California, but I'm just afraid it's going to turn into a mass produced franchise and I would hate that. My boyfriend loves to get the Full Montagu and the club. If you haven't been here, you're definitely missing out.
4	Caprese Sandwich, Tomato Soup to get your dunk on, Earl Grey Tea.
5	Open 24 hours: Check.Service is fast/friendly: Check.Price is right: Check.Food is good: Uncheck...food is a lot better than you think it is. Both drunk, and in the morning when you need something to wake you up after a long night. Boom.Seriously, for the quality and price, you can't beat it. The meat is always on point. The breads are worth finishing, even after you've eaten all the sandwich filling and the veggies are always fresh.
4	Oh my goodness, do I love that caprese sandwich.  Delicious and the price is right.  Will def be back again.
5	The Original is the original.   Top level SteakRoasted Beef place quality meat sandwich.   Cannot believe that the sandwich is so cheap.
4	I hope that no matter what kind of night I have, I can always blindly find my way to this place! The best way to end the night in Vegas! Whether sober or intoxicated, the sandwiches always taste so good! I like the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Full Montagu, and Tuna Melt!!
3	Last stop before I left Vegas, and since I was staying in PH, it was a short walk from the valet. The line moves very fast about 10 minutes max, so don't be scared it it seems very long.  The wait for the sandwiches was about 7 minutes. We ordered the Italian & the Chipotle Chicken. The Chipotle Chicken was very savory, especially with the fresh avocado. I love any Italian style sandwiches, and my sandwich was delicious.  The bread was sooo buttery and crispy and moist, all at the same time. I just don't think the price was worth $6.50 for sandwich, the sandwich was only 6 inches long... that's' a very small size, I could probably have had 2 sandiches to feel completely full.Plus they are expanding to the OC as well, where I would definitely not pay $6.50 for a sandwich,since there are so many other good places around.   Plus for being open 24/7 though !!!
3	World's greatest hot sandwich?They are good, but great? I think I was expecting some fireworks to start going off in my mouth seeing all the rave reviews.  I was expecting some really innovative flavor combinations on the menu, but what I found seemed fairly safe bets. I tried the Italian and it was tasty, generous in size, and a fair price for a sandwich. It was around normal lunch hours and I was sober. Maybe I needed to change my approach and hit this place up twelve hours after that time.
4	So.. The Earl of Sandwich is a real person (well technically 'was') and yes he did invent the sandwich. According to legend, he was an avid poker player, and he would not allow the simple inconvenience of hunger stop him from playing cards. Thus, he ordered the chef to put a steak between to pieces of bread so he could hold it with one hand, and his cards in the other... the sandwich was born. Jus wanted to throw out that random piece of trivia...So one my favorite food is of courses sandwiches, and this fact gets me very excited whenever I go to check out a sandwich I haven't been to.I had heard of Earl of Sandwich before, and seen it a few times on Food Network and I finally got the chance to check out the one at PH. Yay it was fun! They serve up these golden bricks of pure deliciousness. Every sandwich they have is warm and toasted. Waaay better than Quiznos so don't even compare...The only things that keeps me from giving them a stellar 5 star review is the fact that the sandwiches seem kind of small, I could easily eat 2 of them. At about $7-8 per sammich, I do expect more. On top of that, expect a crowded dining experience. There is usually a line (which moves quick) but it can be tough to find a spot to sit down and actually eat. The place is open 24hours and the fact that their fountain drinks actually have some odd choices is reason to celebrate.If you like sammiches, and your on the strip, czzzech dis place outttt.
4	Vegas is filled with so much deceit but, this place,is a true gem amongst the turds on the Strip.The sandwiches are packed with flavor.Sober or Sloshed this place is the jam.
5	Got the Italian sandwich and it was delicious! I usually get veggies in my sandwich but this one didn't have any. But it was soooo good. I gotta come back and try the other wiches!!!
5	YUM YUM YUM. I came here during the middle of the night after clubbing to get some grubbing on with my girls. This place was amazing and exceeded what I was expecting. Their bread is delicious, perfectly toasted. This is a nice place to go if you want a decent meal for a decent price. I will definitely be coming back when I move to Vegas in January. Expect me to be a usual customer.
4	I love their tuna melt! That was my favorite and I would come back for it. I also tried their Montagu sandwich and that was okay. The price is pretty decent for being in Vegas and the sandwiches are good sizes. Not too small, not too large.
4	Now open 24 hours, this is a great place for late night eats to go or sit in after a few rounds on the strip.  Go here if you are staying in or about the Planet Hollywood area.  Decently priced, there are a number of sandwiches for any taste.  The bread is freshly baked and the signature hot sandwiches has a quizno's warmth to it.  We had the Earl's Club and Hawaiian BBQ.  Both sandwiches were hearty; yet, easy to eat.  There was a great ratio of meat to veggies and the condiments for each sandwich added the right punch to round out the flavors.  The pasta salad was so-so; go for the chips.  Depending on when you hit up this place, you can breeze through the line and make it out of there within 10 minutes or get in queue with other hungry folk.  Bottom line, if you are looking for something affordable, good, and to-go -- go here.
4	chipotle chicken ~$7 for ~ 6"- limited time only - fresh bread! crispy exterior with soft interior. good bread!!!- chicken was moist unlike what i had thought- avocado cooled the chipotle a tiny bit, but not enough because mouth was burning- i asked for the sauce on the side but they added it to the sandwich and gave me an additional container of sauce. - there was bacon inside but i didn't see it initially so i didn't take it out. i couldn't taste it until the very end. i think i can try to slowly get rid of my psychological issues with consuming pork. - despite the error, the sandwich was still good, and the balance of the flavors were okay except the spiciness masking some of the flavors.
5	FINALLYYYYY got to try Earl. I missed my opportunity so many times, but finally got to eat here. I got the chipotle sandwich and my friend got the earl club. We split each sandwich so we can try both sandwiches. Both were sooooooo GOOD! Love their sandwiches. Definitely will eat here again whether it be in the morning or in the middle of the night. I also got the chicken noodle soup. I wasn't feeling too well inside ;), but after eating the soup and the sandwich, I was ready to go GAMBLING!The soup is definitely just your ordinary soup. Nothing too special about it. I wouldn't be surprised if it was can soup. lol. The pricing is really great too! Sandwiches are no more than $7 dollars. I got the sandwich, soup, and gatorade for $12. The gatorade itself was $2.50. I definitely recommend this place to get a great quick meal. It's a must in Vegas. It's open 24 hours!
4	LOVE their sandwiches!  As a local, it kind of sucks that I have to go through having to park in the Planet Hollywood structure and then walking all the way through their shopping mall but it's worth it if you're in the mood for super fresh, tasty sandwiches.I hope they open up more locations in Las Vegas that doesn't require going into a hotel/casino.
5	This place has the best tomato soup in the world. Period.:)
4	We ate here sober (rare I know!) but it was still delicious! We had to try it since we tried the one in Disney world, florida. There was a long line when we went but it moved pretty fast.worth a try!
5	Earl of Sandwhich may be the best food option on the strip. For a quick breakfast, lunch or late evening snack, this popular spot always satisfies. I discovered it while staying at Planet Hollywood a few years back, and on my most recent trip, even though I stayed a few doors down at Bally's, I literally ate EoS every day. And who wouldn't? The sandwhich creations are tasty, and a great value. The line, though very long at times, moves quickly. They even give you a pager device so you can stand nearby.The location is easy to find, which is saying something for Ph a hotel that should be renamed labyrinth as you always find yourself lost in its maze. People watching is always fun, and as an added bonus, if all of the tables are taken, you can enjoy your sandwhich in the sportsbook located directly across from it (which also has some extremely comfortable chairs to lounge in). Vegas! sandwhiches! sports!  I should end this review there as that alone is worth 5 stars. This is a must try for any newcomer to Vegas. Sure it's "only" a sandwhich, however, in Vegas finding good fast food can be a challenge on the strip, and most of us can't afford to hit restaurants for every meal. Word from a vegas vet: while every sandwhich is great, I did find the breakfast options to be pretty unfilling. After a night on the strip you'd probably want something a bit more satisfying to start the day, and as such I would suggest you order off the main menu.
2	Why would one waste a meal here at this chain restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip? Was curious and went to try it. A big disappointment, and a regrettable meal choice. The giant, almost grotesque pile of par-baked white bread 'loaves' at Earl Of Sandwich are a huge turn-off - hide that nasty pale bread, guys! No whole wheat bread choice. White bread is all they've got - the sandwich nutritional equivalent of an iceberg salad. 21 locations across the USA and growing? You're going to stunt our growth, Earl! Please stop!And, this is how they get 'cha: if you're hungry, you will want two (2) sandwiches, and that will set you back $12. These are relatively small sandwiches with very little going for them on the inside - under 2 oz. of meat, and no 'extra veggie' options. If you were to get a free sandwich on an AmTrak Train ride, this is pretty much the sandwich you would expect to receive.Because of this experience, every time I am among the very slim pickings at Newark Airport Terminal A, I pick the Jamba Juice cart every time over the Earl Of Sandwich. Not sure if the Earl Of Sandwich's popularity comes from it's Disney World roots or what, but I crown thee now: the Runt Of Sandwich!You really think that Nolan Ryan and Roger Clemens actually eat this sh*t? (They are two of the original franchisees!)
5	This is one of the best sandwiches you will eat for under $10.  The portions and selection are very fair, and each sandwich is around $5-7 which is super fair prices on the strip.  I think most if not all the sandwiches are grilled and hot, panini style somewhat...making a great tasting sandwich.It is also one of the best 24hr spots in town, so if you are nearby and hungry, go for it!  Not too many good spots to find food at 3am on the strip....most of the cafe's are a ripoff ($15-20+pp) and lack the taste of a memorable meal.I recommend a lot of people here, and have had no complaints yet.  If only it was off strip, so us locals wouldn't have to navigate through the obstacle course named Las Vegas blvd to enjoy a solid sandwich.It is also super busy sometimes....the true testament to a great restaurant.  It will be worth the wait though!  Go for it!
4	Upon arriving in Las Vegas I made it a point to tell my boyfriend we'd be making a visit to this sandwich spot: after reading the great reviews I just had to try one. Besides, it seems to be the cheapest thing to eat on the strip anyway, so I gave it a shot.Very pleased with my experience. Sandwiches were warm, delicious, everything I could ask for. And for the price I consider it a bargain. I only wish they were slightly bigger!
5	Their sandwiches are the best by far!  It's open 24hours too...have the munchies, late night at the club, bored and hungry!  Well this is the place to be.  I only had one sandwich and it did the job just right!  Don't order too much cause you'll ruin it.  I order the Montague one day and The Meat Ball next.  Ahhh... these were good!
1	We went to this place based on reviews that it had the best sandwiches. Well, I don't know what kinds of sandwiches these people have had in the past, but they must have been pretty bad. My turkey club was good, but my husband's roast beef sandwich was AWFUL! As he ate it, he kept saying that it really wasn't that good. Finally he asked me to take a bite to see if I thought the same thing. I took a bite and could not swallow it. Had to spit it out into my napkin. It had no flavor and it tasted like shaved dog! (And I say that because it resembled the shaved lamb that is used in gyros, but without the flavor). It was pathetic. I couldn't believe my husband ate it. If I had that sandwich I would have taken it back after the first bite and gotten a different kind of sandwich. So please save your money and go somewhere else.
4	Overall is a good place to eat. It's a tasty sandwich for a cheap price, specially considering the location.I had the all American sandwich which I liked but didn't loved because it had cranberries on it. My boyfriend had the cannonball and loved it.
2	This place is good if you're looking for a cheep, filling meal on the strip.I had the Full Montague, a good sandwich, filling. I wouldn't say it was as spectacular as others have raved, but that didn't stop me from eating it three times during my stay in Vegas.The comments about the service are spot on, whoever is running this place obviously doesn't know the meaning of customer service, or just doesn't care that the service is rude, unfriendly, and completely uncaring about the customer's experience. I would think a restaurant on the strip in Vegas would be ready for a high turnover of new business and train staff to welcome new guests and help them through the process, this was a complete fail. I was not welcomed as I arrived during any of the three visits, the staff didn't waste a single friendly or helpful word beyond what was absolutely necessary to complete the transaction, and I don't remember a single thank you for my patronage.I would recommend going, but save a buck and keep the tip for yourself, unless management/staff get their act together.Altogether a mediocre sandwich and bad service, but the price is good.
5	I was unsure if I really was going to be able to give this place 5 Stars.  Until my first bite.Earl is just hands down a great place to eat.Only con is they only have a six inch sandwich, they really need at the very least 6" and 12" or 6" and 9"I went with five other friends and our food came out quickly, hot, and everyone loved it.I am excited for their Downtown Disney Anaheim, CA location opening soon.
4	Fresh, soft, chewable meats to put inbetween bread, that I would describe the same way.  EARL OF SANDWICH - This place has been a life saver (well... Hangover saver) for me, many    many times, stumbling back to the room, or getting lost on the way back to the hotel... Pretty affordable and decent food makes me come back frequently.  Specialy since the blackjack table likes to take a lot of my "good eats" money.  I seem to remember them being open late... Like... "When I am shithoused and looking for a place to eat because In-N-Out is closed early"
5	Cobb Salad. HANDS DOWN.Every time I go to Vegas, Earl's is one of the places I MUST eat at least twice. Once for the salad, and the other for the sandwich. I lovelovelove the cobb salad tossed in ranch dressing with cheese, chicken, cranberries, cucumber - yum. My sandwich recommendations: Caribbean Jerk Chicken & the slightly new Chipotle Avocado Chicken? I never made it in time for their breakfast sandwiches until this past weekend when my friend woke everyone up in the hotel at 8am (thank you!). My boyfriend & I stopped by Earl's after I got my morning cup of coffee at Starbucks. We ordered a Ham n Swiss, Bacon Egg n Cheddar & Ham Egg n Cheddar. My favorite by far was the one with the bacon! Definitely trying their ice cream sandwiches next time.
3	For a strip sandwich shop, this place is probably the choice if you're near it. The sandwiches are heated little masterpieces. They are priced well, surprisingly, and very satisfying. Although, only satisfying when you don't think about them too much.They are skimpy on the meat, and they only have white bread as a choice, but still - for some reason, it's really good. Maybe it's the whole baking process they send their sandwiches through. It works wonders (I think Subway caught onto this with the whole "toasted" movement).The bottom line is - these are tasty sandwiches that won't make you cringe with a typical strip price. This is a pleasant surprise to anyone who buys food from a hotel spot. It's just painful more often than not but with the Earl, it's just right. They could use a couple extra slices of turkey, though.
3	You get what you pay for. I got the Full Montague and it was ok. I've also had their Tuna Melt and it was mediocre. Would be better if they served fries. Nothing spectacular. I wouldn't make an effort to go back if I wasn't in the area. For those who think they skimp on the meat, try Canter's at TI.
5	Oh God the holiday!
5	A great option for a quick, relatively inexpensive bite (under $10 depending on what you get) when you're in Sin City. An added bonus is that this location is open 24 hours! I usually opt for the Tuna Melt but when the seasonal Holiday Sandwich is around, I can't resist... it's like the best parts of Thanksgiving stuffed into sandwich form (except pumpkin pie)! Turkey breast, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo on the Earl's soft, freshly baked bread. YUM! The line moves fairly quickly. You order your sandwiches (or salads or whatnot) at the first register, then move down the line and pick up sides, desserts, or drinks, then pay at the end where you're given a buzzer that alerts you when your food is ready. Can't wait for the Anaheim outpost to open!
5	YummmmmmmmI coerced a couple of my friends to order different sandwiches, so that I can try more than one. We got the full montagu, tuna melt, and Caribbean jerk chicken sandwiches. All of them were delicious, especially the tuna melt and Caribbean jerk chicken. SO GOOD. Despite the good reviews, I kept my expectations low since I hate to be disappointed. But the sandwiches more than exceeded my expectations. Perhaps the best sandwiches I've ever had! Warm and toasty--just the way I love my sandwiches.
3	When I was in Vegas with a friend of mine, she took me to Earl of Sandwich, telling me about all the rave she heard. After eating, we both agreed that the sandwiches were good, but nothing special or so spectacular that would make this place stand out. Maybe it's a nice change from the plentiful of generic buffet food around this party city.
4	Perfect place to go when you have the munchies whether you are shopping gaming or after a night of clubbing because it's open 24 hours a day. I like the cuban.
4	Bomb ass sandwiches. I've tried several sandwiches and they're all pretty damn good. Usually I get the full montagu, or sometimes the caprese when I have a lighter appetite. But really, it's all good.I think what makes it is the bread. Crusty, soft, warm bread. The filling could be anything and it would be delicious. Plus they make your sandwiches super fast and it's not bad on your wallet.
5	The bread was amazing and the sandwiches were great. Jammed with folks but they keep things moving fast. Definitely the call for the late night snack!
4	Great sandwiches, just wish the prices were not strip prices. Open 24 hours which is fabulous since I work a show on the strip and it is nice to be able to find hot food and a place to sit. Fast service, huge brownies, and yummy sandwiches.
4	Eating sandwiches in Las Vegas?  This wasn't exactly where I saw myself eating with all the choices on The Strip.  When it came down to a decision, I couldn't refuse the loudly reviewed sandwich shop which now advertises that they OPEN 24 HOURS outside.  *Chicken tortilla soup - Bun and I almost always get a soup and share.  Through experience of sandwich shop soups, the soups usually are menu fillers.  Due to the constant reheating, flavor and freshness disappear over time.  Ranking them atop many franchise soups, the chicken tortilla soup wasn't too shabby.      *Cannonballs! - Yeah, "Cannonballs!" is the name of the sandwich.  Also don't forget that exclamation point when ordering.  Like a good o' cannonball to the face, nothing surprising here, inside they have marina, cheese, and hunky balls of meat.  Boy does my Bun love her meatball sandwiches.  Even at Subway, when in doubt, her choice would be a meatball sandwich.  Chowing down the sandwich, I wrestled it away from her for a bite.  That singular bite almost led to a second.  That is until Bun put a sleeper hold on me and yanked the sandwich out of my hand.  *Earl's Club - What's the difference between Earl's Club and a turkey club?  Not much besides the name.  Turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato were what I tasted before gulping it down.  Do I have any comments on the sandwich?  "Good".  My mouth is still full.  Don't bother me.        All sandwiches are about six inches and deceivingly filling.  In view of the fact their label of a franchise, nearly all ingredients tasted very fresh.  Their most underrated attribute are the artisan bread used for buns.  For about the same price, why would anyone on Earth pay for a Subway sandwich?  Budget friendly and open all the time, Earl of Sandwich is a wise choice for the haggard Strip journeyers.  In need for food and a place to rest their feet, Earl of Sandwich is a very useful alternative on The Strip.
5	I don't have enough superlatives to talk about this quick sandwich shop. It's affordable and tasty. I've yet to have something here I don't like. Being open 24 hours is great when you're wandering home late at night. I'd recommend the Original or the Full Montegue. Alcohol is reasonably priced.
4	After all these years, I am still a whole hearted fan. You can't go wrong with the Original or the Earls Club. Each sandwich is prepared on a delicious bread that is perfectly toasted. I certainly would recommend Earl of Sandwich for a casual cheap eat in Vegas
4	Full montagu nuff said. I knocked off one star because my friend also got the montague but they skimped on her meat. So consultancy may sometimes be an issue.Also had the Hawaiian BBQ, just a tad too saucy for me. 3.5/5
4	3 1/2 stars.Earl of Sandwich, thank you for providing a relatively inexpensive, 24-hour option with some healthy selections in the middle of a casino.  Even if your Cobb salad didn't quite seem like a "Cobb salad" to me (no egg, no avocado, had Swiss/cheddar cheese and Ranch buttermilk dressing, and was not chopped - but, was fresh). The tomato soup is a touch creamier than I would like but still had a nice tomato tang, and had nice big croutons swimming in it. I sampled both the "Cannonballs" meatball sandwich and the Original 1762 roast beef sandwich.  Both were on what I suppose is Earl of Sandwich's signature bread, which is pretty good.  It looks a little crusty, but is still quite soft and spongy, and chewy.Both sandwiches were pretty good.  The meatball sandwich had enough meatballs to fill the sandwich, the sauce was nice and tomato-y, and there was melty cheesiness, but not too much.  About what you expect from a meatball sandwich, when nothing goes wrong.  The roast beef sandwich was also good.  I liked the horseradish and would have preferred a little more of that, and a little less creaminess, but that is just me.Overall, this is not a place I would travel out of my way for.  But, it is a great option to have in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, when your wallet doesn't feel like going big for the evening.
4	Two thumbs up! I am not a big sandwich person but I have to say this place serves really good sandwiches and salads. The bread is fresh and just tastes great. Service is efficient even though it is always packed and there's always a line. Would definitely go back next time I have a craving for the Full Montagu.
5	The Earl definitely knows what's up; try this place!I heard there are two locations on the strip, but I went to the Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood-- and I think it's going to become a regular spot for future trips to Vegas.  Open 24 hours and they has soup. O.OWe ate here during a bachelorette party, and everybody in our large group was happy with the large spread of sandwiches.  I had the Capresi, which was really fresh and perfect with a side of Dijon mustard.  All the sandwiches are warm, lightly toasted and easy to take with you since they're wrapped in foil.  I was surprised at how inexpensive this place is, considering how good it is and the prime location on the strip.  I purchased lattes on the strip that were more expensive than my sandwich.  What a find!
4	Opened 24 hours...I'm not sure how good a sandwich can get, but at 4am and drunk off our butts....this place hits the spot for our cravings.Cheap, Yummy, and Fast!
4	This place is inside Planet Hollywood, just inside the door where you see the Pink's Hot Dog from the strip.$5.99 sandwiches.... open 24/7.... I had the Caprese.... all sandwiches are fully loaded and for a 24/7 food place ON THE STRIP, what a great price.  Can't beat that.Late late night, be prepared to be in the presence of wasted individuals looking for a way to fend off the hangover.(note: if you're one who goes to Vegas and gets hungover, THIS IS YOUR 3AM SPOT TO GO TO!!!)
4	We got Tuna Melt and Vegan sandwiches. Both sandwiches were good but not very special. The best thing about their sandwiches is the fresh bread and how they toast it.
4	If you're staying in the Hilton Hotel, which is the so called "Planet Hollywood" you can easily walk down and get something to eat! What I enjoy about staying at the Hiltion is the easy accessible mall and the food spots. Earl does hit the spot with their quick service and prices. Re-fill able drinks :)PROS: OPENED 24 HOURSOh, and they have .. fruits :) You can't find fruits in the mall except here, but it is a little costly :(
5	I tried the tuna melts sandwich for the first time!!! It's delicious!!!I've heard a lot of good thing about Earl's and I wanted to try it for myself. I tried the tuna melt and it was awesome!!! I never had a tuna sandwich taste like the one at Earl's it was delicious. My girl friend had a salad and the tomato soup. The soup was really good too. Soup after a long night of drinking is the best. We like this place so much we had it everyday during our trip to Vegas. It's also a plus that this place is opened 24 hours a day!!! Perfect for late night dinners. I will be returning to Earl's the next time were in Vegas.
4	It was the last night for Bunny and I in Vegas and we had done a lot of heavy eating, so  soup and a sandwich seemed like a good idea. After walking over and looking at the menu, I couldn't decide what to order. After watching the wonderful show of KA, it was a bit late and at this point, we were getting a little hungry.After reviewing the menu, I had decided that we would share a Chicken tortilla soup and I would have the Cannonballs! sandwich, while Bunny got the Earl's Club. The seating area was a little busy, but that's how Vegas life is, always a crowd no matter what time of the day it is, especially for places open 24 hours, like Earl of Sandwich! Some would like to go out all and have a big fancy dinner before heading home, but we just wanted to relax and enjoy ourselves so we took it back to our hotel room. My only concern would be our food would be cold.First thing we tried was the soup, which after taking a sip, I didn't want to share with Bunny :D.  There was a lot of flavor and the spice was not too much for me to handle. The container kept it warm. I wouldn't have minded a few crackers, but hey I'm not complaining. All in all, the soup was good.On to the main course! Basically the Cannonballs! was a meatball sandwich, along with marina sauce and cheese. I was very happy with my choice!  The meat was nice and fresh and had a lot of flavor in it. There was a perfect amount of sauce and it was not overdone.I had tried a little bit of Bunny's Earl Club. I'm not a big fan of club sandwiches, but after having a bit, I completed converted. It had just the right amount of all the ingredients and when mixed together, it was great. Next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely come back!
5	Located inside Planet Hollywood.Seriously, THE BEST sandwiches ever at really reasonable prices!!  The toasted bread is AMAZING - crunchy and warm on the outside and super soft on the inside.  It also holds up all the ingredients really well.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of their sandwiches. We shared:The Full Montagu - roast beef, turkey, two cheeses (aged swiss and sharp cheddar), lettuce, tomato, and house mustardThe Italian - salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, and zesty italian dressingMediterranean Chicken Salad - super fresh, and the chicken was really tender!  I can't even tell you which sandwich I liked better because they were both good in their own right.  They're open 24 hours so eat here for dinner, go gamble, then come back and eat some more.  LOVE this place!!  So happy one recently opened in Socal in Downtown Disney, so now I can get my fix whenever I'm in the mood.
4	Inside of Planet Hollywood. This hotel and casino is ehh, not many slots that catches my eye nor table games BUT, I will come here for Earl of sandwich. You order, pick up your chips, pay and wait for your sandwich, the whole decor is just like a sandwich shop. I got the Earl club, since we asked the girl which was the best selling sandwich and what they were known for. My husband got the meatball sandwich. OMGOD my club sandwich was BOMB, I was able to taste everything in my sandwich, turkey, bacon, Dijon sauce, fresh tomato, the lightly toasted bread, best club sandwich ever!! Hands down. Meatball sandwich was delicious too, not overbearing with sauce and the meatball was flavorful! Mmm hmmm...AND I am not a fan of meatball sandwiches, they usually end up grossing me out because of the soggy bread and tasteless meatball. This was our meat at 1030 for our journey walk back to the Luxor, it was well worth it.
5	Best sandwiches ever! The bread is toasted just right where it melts in your mouth but still toasty (not overly toasted where the bread scratches the roof of your mouth). I usually order The Original Roast Beef. Amazing!!! All other sandwiches are just as good! I can't wait to try the newly opened Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney. Hope it's just as good.
5	Go here in between the debauchery and order the jerk chicken sandwich. Don't ask, just do it and your taste buds will thank you! It's in Planet Hollywood Past the Poker Room. They even wrap it up so perfectly, it's ridiculous. See you in a few weeks, E-Dawg.
5	Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.Hands down, one of my favorite "fast" food places in Vegas on the Strip (off the stripe it is In-and-Out).  I would stay at PH again just so I could stop by Earl's on the way back up to our room.  I was in Vegas for two days and I ate at this place THREE times!  Their salads and HOT sandwiches are just that good!
5	Really good sandwiches. Wish the sandwiches were a little bigger but oh well, and it's open 24 hours. Get wasted in vegas with booze and then get wasted with sandwiches. Earl of Sandwich should expand their unit like Subway, make hella bank.
5	It's hard to think that you could get a delicious 'sober-up' meal after hitting up the Vegas clubs, right on the strip, without a long wait, but Earl of Sandwich makes it possible.For about $6-8 a (very filling and always warm and toasted) sandwich, you will be thoroughly pleased. This isn't the boring Subway or local deli. Whatever crack they use in these sandwiches are sure to please. Get whatever they recommend (turkey cheddar or roast beef are great), but they have holiday specials which I love as well: mmm turkey meatloaf. Best way to sober up without spending the $30 a person you would at other sit down places.
5	Dear Mr. Earl, Whoever you are.. . I like shiny things and your wrapper suckered me right in! You're evil for creating such delicious sandwiches 200 miles away from where I live. Your "Full Montagu" was soo juicy and the bread was toasted perfectly. I hate you. For now.. That is, until I can eat you again.
5	Middle of the night in Vegas at least 2 in the morning you want something but you don't want to spend a fortune(because you probably lost a lot of money any way) this is the place. The sandwiches are really reasonably price like $6 to $7 dollars a sandwich and they are  really good, will  help sober you up a little too:). They use this really good chabata bread and the meats are fresh!! I had some kind of earl sandwich with turkey.bacon, cheese and the usual veggies and stuff.  This location in Planet Hollywood was good and so was the one  at the Palms.  (had the albacore at that one really delish. Cant go wrong if you want a quick bite.!!
3	Had the Mediterranean Wrap with Tuna. Very good. Husband had the Original and he liked it as well. I know this isn't too comprehensive of a review, as they are sandwiches.  If they ever come to Omaha, we will be going for lunches.
4	This is a great spot to hit within Planet Hollywood for a quick lunch, particularly if you're looking for something decent to eat at a very inexpensive price. This place is ALWAYS busy because everyone knows you'll get a decent bite of food at a great price. They were nice enough to let me get a kid's grilled cheese the last time I was there, because I was in the mood for a grilled cheese (they don't have an adult version on the menu). Soups are good as well. Staff is friendly and somehow they move through the long line quickly! It's probably also a good place if you're a big gambler and want to take a quick break or for a late nite snack!
5	Earls and Fat Tuesdays are my perfect Vegas meal! You can't go wrong cause everything about this place is sooo right. Perfect for any meal of the day! Whenever I go to Vegas I think I honestly go on an Earls diet. If I'm staying in PH this is the ONLY thing I get. Usually I'm too drunk or hungover for food but for the taste of Earls, I'll eat it even if I yack it out.. HEH, kind of gross huh? But it's that good.I looove the Full Montagu, perfect for all you meat lovers out there! This sandwich is packed to the brim with meat and the bread is always warm and just the right texture. I highly recommend eating it with the hp steak sauce, BOMB.COM!Another favorite is their new chicken chipotle sandwich, omggzz, heaven in my mouth. It's super saucey and flavorful. Comes with avocado so it has that rich creamy taste. MM MM GOOD, I think it can be considered as my new crack *__*I know a lot of my friends really dig the Italian, but I've never tried it. I just can't seem to part from my Montagu.. so next time I'm in Sin City, I guess I'll indulge in gluttony and just get both. Try something new, without sacrificing my love. HEHE Win-Win!
4	In desperate need of chicken noodle soup for the hangover nursing we finally found it here. Cream or tomato based soups were not going to settle my temperamental tummy. My body screamed for chicken noodle soup and nothing else would do. We wandered the strip going up to numerous restaurants asking what their soup of the day was. Whhhhy was nobody's soup of the day chicken noodle soup when I desperately needed it to be so.  I think a can of Campbell's chicken noodle soup  should be an essential part of my Vegas luggage.I forgot how to control myself and couldn't say no to free drinks from cute n not so cute guys. Washington Apples and Patron Shots sure. How many rounds was that? That's what happens on your first night in Vegas u make a noob move and go all out on night one.  On day two u are a burden to your friends as they are trying to help u recover from the previous nights antics. My savior!!! Earl of Sandwich. I know you're yelpfamous(yea I just made that up)  for your sandwiches but I am ohhh so grateful for your chicken noodle soup. It was exactly what I needed and was the cure to what ailed me.
4	This sandwich joint is right when you go into Planet Hollywood from the strip. I like their sandwiches, pretty good.I tried the Montague, which was the best. The Earl's Club which was next best. And the the Original was just okay. The bread is pretty good, warm and toasty. However, the sandwich fillings are what make a sandwich. Btw, the Earl of Sandwich, what a punny name!
5	The best bread you will ever bite into... at least for a hot sandwich. I don't know how they do it... but it's cooked at the right temperature to get the crisp on the outside and the fluffiness in the inside. Worth every penny. My personal favorite is the Caprese with chicken. I've had the Cannonball, The Earl, Full Montagu and the Italian, and they're all delicious. Depends on what you're in the mood for, but they're honestly all good. That's why the lines are ridiculously long! This location is opened 24/7 which makes it the perfect place to go to after a drunk night at the club!
5	Holy crap.  As the restaraunt suggests in its tagline - this really is the worlds best hot sandwich.  I've been here about a half dozen times, and to be honest I can't remember what I get each time, but everytime I've gone and with everyone I've gone with we agree this ranks up there with the best of the sandwiches.  Along with that they offer some baked goods that are also out of this world.  I know this place has location, convenience, and you must think... can a sandwich really be worthy of a 5 star, and yes, I think this one deserves it.Tourists, casino industry workers, other vegas business folk and clientelle....  .. ..  at all hours of the day and night and day, you'll see this is a very diverse go-to-spot.  And while for a sandwich you might pay a little more than average it's also one of the chepest spots in the area for food, so if you are looking for inexpensive grub and you happen to be at the Planet Hollywood this is hands down your place.  I make this place at least every visit to Vegas I can.
5	I always try to make my way here when I'm at Vegas, especially early in the morning after the club, still feeling that liquor and my stomach asking for something other than alcohol. All the sandwiches are good, soups are good too but get the Tuna Melt! You can thank me later. Your mouth will come! Definitely the best sandwich my mouth has ever encountered.
4	Expect the following .. Long lines .. Always      But the line moves pretty fast Awesome sandwiches      You really can't go wrong with any. Food fastly prepared      No starving while you wait for some delicious sandwiches. Cheap food and open 24 hours!If I had to say, the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich is great!The bread they use are really good stuff. The line is worth the wait.
5	After reading the reviews before I headed off to Vegas over the winter break, I had to try this place myself. As I found out, this place have the best sandwiches I ever tasted! Unfortunately, I only stayed here for 3 days and couldn't possibly try the whole menu but when I come back, I'll definitely try something different. Besides from the buffets, I had sandwiches for 2 nights and had a little of my family's as well. Will be back in Vegas but no lines at the time I went at night but long as line in the afternoon but service was quick. All in all, I was pleased with the sandwiches and bigger bonus of staying at this hotel makes it easier too ;)
4	Always heard good things about this place, so I had to try it for myself. I love the pricing of this place, for the size of the sandwich, I didn't mind paying $6-ish at all. Though the line can be long, Earl of Sandwich has come up with a pretty efficient way of handling their crowds. As for the sandwiches themselves, the ingredients they use are fresh and the meats are moist. The only thing I wish they had was more of a variety of sandwiches to choose from. I ordered the Original 1762, the roast beef was delicious and moist. And the horseradish sauce wasn't super strong but a good ratio of creamy to spicy. I also went a second time and got the Full Montagu. I'm a condiment person and the mustard wasn't cutting it, so I added more dijon mustard and tabasco. Out of the two, I enjoyed the Original 1762 the best.
5	OMG! I never had a BLT so good! This was really the "Best BLT". Pricing was decent and in one of the best Hotel/Casinos too!
4	so this place has amazing reviews as you can see. i got the full montague and it was great. i think  its the bread that is making it get such high ratings OR yelpers that are rating this place have never had a sandwich before. its warm and all but i would never think of it have 4.5 after 2000+ reviews but more power to them. probably one of the few reasonably priced places in vegas.bread is awesome and probably has some sprinkling of crack on it. as i was eating i kept trying to think if i'd go here regularly and honestly i dont know if i'd go that much more than i do jimmy johns. i do like the warm factor and its MUCH better than pot belly. its solid and deserves its rating but nothing more. JEANS: OK by farORDER: at counter - line goes very fast
4	Pretty good for sandwiches I'd say. We've been here a few times and every time it's pretty darn good. The last time we went I got the chipotle chicken sandwich and it was the best one I've ever had there. I also got the broccoli soup and it was creamy and delicious. Their desserts are also quite delightful...cakes, muffins, etc Yum!My husband got the Original 1762 sandwich and he really enjoyed it. The Earl's Cub is even better according to him. I really think it's their warm and fluffy breads and tangy sauces that put them a notch above most other sandwich places.You can tell all of the ingredients are fresh, so I don't mind paying 7ish dollars for a sandwich that IS smaller than a Togo's sandwich in comparison. I am not orgasmic over this place like my best friends are, but it's a cheaper lunch option in Vegas if you want to pass over the typical buffet, and the food is really fresh and high quality for a sandwich shop. I'm sure we'll return.
4	So, I was talking with a friend about my upcoming trip to Vegas, and what I should try when I get there. He starts raving about me needing to try this sandwich place. I looked at him skeptically: really, thats your best advice, go get a sandwich? Silly me to doubt his judgement. EoS is high-level grub at a reasonable price.  What they get, and what most sandwich places don't get, is the fact that bread matters. You can ruin the flavors and combinations on a sandwich by using bread thats tasteless or tough. The bread at Earls, though, is awesome. Strong enough to hold its contents, but not too chewy. My family ended up splitting six sandwiches for lunch, all of which were great but the Tuna Melt in particular was outstanding. The wife and I snuck back to Earl late that evening, after the kids had gone to bed and it was time for grown up fun. And we bought enough to take on the ride home back to LA.
4	Located inside PH this was a quick and easy breakfast. For $3.99 it was a perfect place to pick up an egg, bacon and cheese sandwich. A little heavy on the butter but hit the spot.
3	After a long drive to Vegas, I was extremely hungry and in the mood to get something fast that I could eat in my hotel room. Bring in Earl of Sandwich.I must have gotten there at a good time, as there were only a few people ahead of me in line. I got my sandwich very quickly and headed back to the hotel room.I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. A bit pricey considering the size of the sandwich itself. If you're a big eater, one sandwich definitely will NOT fill you up! The taste of the sandwich was pretty good, but it reminded me of a Quizno's sandwich. I think it was the ham (thin sliced) and the sauce, which tasted EXACTLY like the sauce you find at Quizno's. That's definitely not a bad thing, but I wouldn't call it the "World's Best Hot Sandwich."Would I come here again? Probably, if I'm looking for a small, quick food option.
5	During our stay in Las Vegas, my Hubby and I hit up this spot 3x's. It was that GOOD!!! He very much enjoyed their original sandwich and my favorite was their tuna melt. The line may be long at times, but it's worth the wait. This is a must try when in LV.
5	This place is the best place in Vegas for a cheap delicious meal....PERIOD!! All the sandwiches are recommended. If you are in Vegas and you dropped a little too much in craps, save your wallet and check this place out.
4	Their sandwiches picked my up off the ground and body-slammed me to the floor. I don't even remember the name of the sandwich I got ( Maybe the earl one...?) but it must have been the best hot sandwich I ever had! ( Though I don't eat a lot of hot sandwiches) The Earl of Sandwich, I bow in your presence.
5	Oh! Earl of Sandwich!! Now that's the kind of royalty I'd marry. Boy do they know how to make a sandwich. We landed in Vegas and walked over cause we wanted a quick bite to eat and the Earl did not disappoint. We ordered the Italian and the Hawaiian BBQ, both without cheese. We got our sandwiches in about 8 minutes and they were excellent. Even my husband, who does not like pineapple in this food usually, ate half my sandwich. A few days later, we picked up some sandwiches to take with us to the Hoover Dam. I ordered the Italian (no cheese thanks to my lactose intolerant husband) and he ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Even after sitting in its wrapper and in the car for 2 hours, the sandwiches were still great. Now Earl of Sandwiches, please open in the Detroit area.
5	I came here with my cousin at midnight after walking the strip. We were looking for a place to eat at, just something quick and simple. I always see posts on Instagram about Earl of Sandwich so I just had to give it a try. I got the Full Montagu, which was absolutely delicious. I wouldn't mind going back in and getting another one! My cousin got the Caprese, which I liked a lot because of the mozzarella. Loveeeed it! The sandwich is pretty big and definitely worth the price. I also like how it's open 24/7. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, no matter what time it is, this is the best place to eat at!
5	had the tuna melt and a friend had the chiptole chicken avocado and it was goooooooooood.  the frozen lemonade was great too.  will definitely go back and try something else.  prices are fair
3	I have no idea why this is so highly rated. We had passed by before, and the line always seemed atrocious. One day, we were near by and decided to give it a go because it was one of the only late night places open. The line actually moved pretty quickly, so I'll give them that. The prices are a bit high, but it is Vegas. The sandwiches are an OK size and quality was fine, but it definitely is way over-hyped. This is not a 5 star sandwich joint.You can't go wrong with a sammie from here, but it definitely wasn't memorable. Keep this on your radar when it's late in Vegas and you just want a decent bite to eat fairly quickly. The line moves quickly; just wait it out.
4	If you're looking for a place to tickle your stomach, this is it! I heard from a friend of mine (Thanks Ian!) that his place has the best sandwiches. At first I didn't believe it but when I went, I couldn't stay away. Although there is ALWAYS a line, it moves pretty quickly. Waiting for your order doesn't take that long, especially when you're with a group of friends. The first time I went, I ordered a Caprese wrap. It was good enough to fill my stomach and fulfill my taste buds for something healthy. The second time I went, I ordered their tomato soup with a BLT. Although the BLT had a lot of bacon in it (Sorry, not a bacon fan) their soup was amazing!Their prices are fairly reasonable, so if you're looking for a quick bite grab some friends and see why they're called the best sandwich place!
5	Besides Earl of Sandwich, last time I went to Vegas I also took my family to Mon Ami Gabi, Wicked Spoon and Burger Bar. Between those 3 restaurants there are over 4000 4 and 5 star reviews. At the end of our trip I polled everyone and the consensus best restaurant was Earl of Sandwich. Proof that money doesn't necessarily make food taste better.
5	It's common knowledge that this place has amazing sandwiches...so I won't dwell on that anymore.Instead, I was introduced to their TOMATO SOUP...WHICH IS AMAZING.  Get it with a sandwich after a night of drinking and clubbing, and you will feel great and ready to go for round 2 of partying in Vegas!Being open 24 hours is the best too.
4	Really good value. The culinary "bar" is so low in Vegas that if one eats a good sandwich it's held up as excellent. Probably difficult to find a sandwich this good on the strip for this value. I was pleased with my vegan sandwich but there was ZERO soul put into the sandwich.  THis sandwich would be school food in Manhattan or in New Orleans.  THose sandwiches have soooouuuulllll.  KnowwwWhatImmmmean?
4	A last minute decision while Christmas shopping at Planet Hollywood we decided to grab a quick sandwich from Earl of Sandwich.  The menu looked awsome and the place was packed.  I had read some reviews on the place and thought it was worth a shot.I ordered the Chipotle Chickent Sandwhich.  Chicken breast pieces sandwiched between a cibotta roll with bacon, avacado and chipotle sauce.  I ordered extra sauce on the side and was sure glad I did because it was so good.  The sandwich was amazing.  I absolutely loved it except that half the sandwich had only a couple little pieces of chicken-a little lopsided I guess.  I hate when that happens.  My boyfriend got the Caribbean Chicken sandwich and it was really good too.  Too many red/green peppers for me but had great flavor and he thought it was great.We did share the tomato soup which came with the croutons- in it.  Soggy!  Next time I will for sure ask for those on the side.  Soup was pretty good too.Service was an eh.  Not too friendly and not anything special.  Good thing the food was good.  I definitely would recommend this place especially when you are looking for a quick bite with a good price-not "tourist prices". ;)
5	Holiday Turkey Special: turkey, cranberry chutney, gravy, stuffing... foodporn in your mouth!One of the best freakin' sandwiches I've ever had. Drooling as I am thinking about it right now...
3	I had a few hours to kill on the Strip recently and I was famished, so I decided to finally try the Earl of Sandwich to see if it lived up to the massive amount of hype it gets from tourists. First impression: Ugh. There was a long line, a couple of the employees looked pretty frazzled and many of the table were littered with trash. I ended up ordering 'The Best BLT'. A little cocky, are we Earl? I love BLTs and I love BLTAs even more, so I had them add avocado for a $1 upcharge. Then I waited another 10 minutes after I ordered to pay another employee $10 and change for the sandwich and drink. After paying I was given one of the buzzers many places use to let people know their tables are ready.  Thankfully the wait for my actual food was pretty short, I had just grabbed some napkins and filled my drink. My sandwich was good but mindblowing? No. Not even close. The bacon was well cooked, nothing ruins a BLT quicker then soggy bacon.. but I have had more flavorful bacon elsewhere. The bread was tasty but greasy, causing me to require a ton of napkins. The avocado really made it as good as it was, but I get the credit for that, not Earl. Many people call The Earl of Sandwich inexpensive, I guess for the Strip it isn't insane, but I am pretty sure that for just a few dollars more I could have found a place on the Strip where I could get a BLTA with waiter service.If you are stumbling around Planet Hollywood all wasty-pants, these sandwiches would probably blow you away. If you are sober, or a local (or both) chances are you won't be THAT impressed by these. Worth a visit if you are in the area but not worth a special trip to the Strip in my opinion.
5	To me Vegas is all about gambling, glitter, lasers, lights, music, and of course the infamous Earl of Sandwich!  Its cheap, delicious and in my opinion no trip to Vegas is complete unless it includes a couple of these AMAZING sandwiches.  My all time favorite if the Club followed by Tuna Melt and the Full Montague, but for the time being the Holiday Sandwich is my current number one SO. DAMN. GOOD.
4	Perfect for when you have the drunk munchies! They usually have a good number of employees working so they keep the food coming out hot and keep the line moving efficiently~!!! My favorite sandwiches are The Full Montague & All American! Also the tomato bisque soup with croutons hits the spot perfectly and tastes even better if you dip your sandwich in it haha OH and I usually don't have a sweet tooth but the chewy oatmeal cookies are addicting ~!
5	After planning my trip to Vegas with my friends, I knew Earl of Sandwich was my first pit stop! I got the Montague sandwich, but my friend convinced me to try her Hawaiian sandwich. At first I didn't think there was anything special about it..but I was so wrong, the Hawaiian sandwich had the perfect balance between sweet and savory. Definitely a sandwich to try if you've already tried all the others. Always coming back to this hotspot.
5	As a local, it would make ZERO sense for me to go to Planet Hollywood for a sandwich. So my 5 star rating shouldn't be misconstrued as me saying I would frequent them all the time, but rather based on convenience and price compared to what you typically find in a Las Vegas casino. At $6 you would be hard pressed to find a better sandwich on the Vegas strip. Is it the best sandwich I have ever had? Certainly not. However, with warm bread, tasty meat and relatively quick service... you can't beat Earl of Sandwich. Added bonus is that it is directly across from the Sports Book... grab a sandwich and go sit and watch a game. I agree with Misti that they have a major lack of options for not only bread but toppings and sauces. No oil and vinegar? How does a sandwich shop not have oil and vinegar?Sandwich is not overly filling, which could be either good or bad depending on how you look at it. Heading to see Peepshow? Probably don't want to sit through that on an overstuffed stomach! Grab some Earl and you will be good to go!I order the Full Montague (I believe) which has turkey and roast beef. Consistently good and they have not messed up an order of mine yet.
4	the Full Montagu was good.
5	The hype is real! Earl of Sandwich is a vegas gem! My friend and I were in vegas the day after thanksgiving and in need of some lunch as we were crawling the strip, and found this place highly reviewed on Yelp. We were not disappointed. I'm a native of upstate NY so I opted to try their buffalo chicken. It had me sweating just the right amount by the end of the sandwich, which is PERFECT. My friend had a sandwich that sounded like thanksgiving dinner on bread. He was also quite satisfied, and said the turkey was incredible. Can't beat the value for the money. Strongly recommended.
5	The best option for cheap eats in LV (other than In-N-Out)!
4	Im a huge fan of earl of sandwich after a night of dancing. First of all, they are super fast in making sandwiches and super affordable. I like full montage, jerk chicken, the turkey and cranberry one(forgot the name of it) and my most favorite one is hawaian chicken.
2	I got the Earl's Club, per suggestion of the cashier.The sandwich was decent, with warm, crispy bread, turkey, and bacon. It was just okay.I took a bite of my friend's chipotle avocado chicken, which was also okay.I took a bite out of another friend's Montague, which was, again, okay.Am I missing something that everyone else seems to see in these sandwiches??
5	There are enough places to blow your money in Vegas - go to Earl of Sandwich for one of your meals and get the best bargain in town for seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had anywhere!I made sure to rush to write my review after a recent trip to Vegas because I can't rave enough about their holiday special sandwich, which is pretty much the best Thanksgiving sandwich you'll ever have anywhere (and that includes the Bobbie at Capriotti's, which is another one of my faves). The only thing is that they only offer this til January, so make sure to run over and snatch one up!Though the ingredients are what you would expect (turkey, gravy, stuffing, cranberry), i fell in love with the flavor and quality of each of them. I think the thing that makes it is the bread, which is somehow perfectly crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Believe the hype! Unlike a lot of other places in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a sure win!
5	Bomb diggity sandwiches if you love sandwiches of course.Gotta make my way back here when i return to Vegas.Good place to stop and pretty quick service, sandwiches are a good size as well.
4	I went there with some friends and we all liked it. My wife and i had a vegetarian sandwich called a Caprese, my daughter had an italian and my friend had the Montagu. They were very inexpensive for the strip but i was hungry after my sandwich.
3	Had my first Earl of Sandwich on the day of my birthday last month (November 16th)!!! Of course I would not have had one unless I stayed at Planet Hollywood.  It was one of those nights my posse had to call it a night with something quick and easy because we definitely weren't eating until dinner. yep one of those nights LOLdecent sandwich...can't remember what i had but being pretty wasted, I gobbled half of it up and fell asleep haha.  they're pretty generous with the meat in the sandwich which is why i didn't even eat the other half.  the line was a bit long but seriously we didn't wait that long--probably 10 minutes tops! great place for quick eats after hittin the strip!
4	What better way to end a night of fist pumping and drinking than with a solid meal? A kids meal that is. I opted for the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Tomatoe Soup. The guy at the register tried to talk me out of the soup and I am SO glad I didn't let him, it was my favorite part! Absolutely amazing, especially when dipping the Griled Cheese into it: YUM. Go here. Don't think twice.
5	When I wake up... Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who wakes up needing youWhen I go out... Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who goes to search for youWhen I get drunk... Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who drinks while eating youAnd if I'm hungry Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who's hunger'n for you But I would walk 500 miles And I would walk 500 more Just to be that man who walks a thousand miles to eat your sandwiches....EARL OF SANDWICH! EARL OF SANDWICH! Dadadum dadadadadum....If you couldn't tell by this terrible cover of "500 Miles" by The Proclaimers, I freaking love Earl of Sandwich. I can say, without hesitation, that they have the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Combine that with the fact that this particular restaurant is open 24/7, is located in the heart of the Vegas Strip, and sells booze as well? I'd give this place 6 stars if I could.I literally cannot go to Vegas without stopping at Earl of Sandwich, so if you haven't been here before, you need to go. Right now.
4	Sandwiches are good a bit on the small size but put together with fresh and tasty ingredients.  The berry parfait was delicious too.
3	I can't buy into the hype..I'm sorry. The sandwiches were fine, but overly greasy. Far from "best sandwich in the world" as they claim, or even close to it. Not terrible by any means, but not something I would wait in the exceedingly long line of tourists to sample again. I had the Caribbean Jerk sandwich and boyfriend had the Italian...which was dripping with grease. It is fine as a late night snack after boozy times..otherwise I would not seek this place out.
5	Get the caprese sandwich, it's to die for! Plus there is no meat on it, so it's vegetarian friendly. I think it would taste really good with prosciutto on it, so if you think about it. Get that.It's also never really crowded. With all of the choices in Planet Hollywood, this on is kind of off in it's own corner and beats the hussel and bussel of Vegas. Eat it, it's delicious.
4	although there is a location opened in anahiem now in CA, i saved my first time experience for vegas. love that its 24/7 here. came around 2am and it was jammed pack with people.broccoli & cheddar soup - very rich and thick. but i can skip!the full montagu - this was delicious! the bread was soft, the insides were so filling and flavorful. roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes. i heard this was the good first try sandwich so i went for it. it did not disappoint.chipotle chicken - this was mouthwatering good! i had two bites from my friends sandwich. omg i wish i got some to go!looks like i have to make a trip to Anaheim soon.
2	Some of the sandwiches here are truly awesome. Some of them suck. Don't get the "Cannonballs", the meatball sandwich.  The beef tastes frozen, and I don't mind telling you, it came out both ends. Their cold cut sandwiches are pretty good, but the whole "fresh bread" thing is a joke..looks like frozen loafs warmed up through their conveyor driven oven. Not only that but the service is lackluster. I get my employee discount sometimes, sometimes I don't. I don't even bother to ask anymore, because it isn't worth the 40 cents. The sammiches are ok, but not as good as so many here claim.
5	My most recent trip I came here 4 times..,. and partially because I was staying at Planet Hollywood haha.Plus:24 hoursFree Wifi Efficient Service: you order in the front and get a buzzer and a receipt. Move down the line where there are assorted salads and chips and bottled drinks you can get and then make your way to the cash register where you pay! Then wait for the buzzer to ring. Don't be scared of the long line if you see one: It goes by really fast!Hot Sandwiches:Tuna Melt: very oily and creamy. YumHawaiian BBQ: on the salty side in case you don't like salty! Ham and pineapple.The Full Montague: Get this if you like roast beef!Earl's Club: Good classic . Nothing special thoughItalian: I don't know if it was just my sandwich, but they were a bit low on the meat! :(Earl's Grey Lemonade is great! Happy Eating!
5	Never a bad meal here. Cheap , but great sandwiches. Several sides to choose from. Line always goes fast. I always seem to get there before the line starts which is a bonus.  24/7 is a huge plus as well. I always get the Ham and Swiss
5	It definitely deserves the high rating it receives. We got 4 sandwiches. The tuna melt was superb.I think I am going to eat that again tomorrow. The other people in the group got the carribean jerk sandwich, veggie and grilled cheese. Everything other than the grilled cheese was amazing.
4	When our long drive to Vegas led to a hankering for food, Earl of Sandwich really hit the spot.  This gem is hidden away in Planet Hollywood, past the casino floor.  The workers appear to be trained to handle large crowds of people.  The way the line worked was very efficient, and I liked the use of the buzzer system to speed things up.  The prices are reasonable for a sandwich ($5-6.50), and the combinations are creative and delicious.  I ordered the Holiday Turkey Sandwich (because why not? Tis the season!), and it tasted like a mini Thanksgiving dinner.  It was juicy, the bread was slightly crispy but still soft, I was in food heaven.  However, the sandwich was waaay smaller than I expected! Still good, but finishing it just left me craving more.
4	Hot Sandwiches are so good. Price is pretty good too. The line seems to be long, but it is very fast. You come in, get in line to order, they'll give you a buzzer, you go look for a table to sit, first come first serve. We had Full Montague, Earl's Club, Tuna Melt, Hawaiian BBQ and another one with Chicken and Avocado. They all were very good. Will definitely come back for hot sandwich when I'm in Vegas next time
3	I'm actually quite surprised that I never wrote a review for this place.Okay.. well here goes. My friends are going to hate me for this, but I just have to say it. Earl of Sandwich is good, but it is definitely not amazing or 5 star worthy. I'm SORRY!!Since it opened, I've probably been here numerous times. And i must say, it's pretty much a staple in all of my Vegas visits. Why then, do I only give it 3 stars? Well.. personally I think the sandwiches are good here but it's not the best sandwich i've ever had in my life... For a meal at the wee hours of the night, a nice pipping hot, cheesy, melty, carb heavy, meaty sandwich is probably the only thing that will make your night of debauchery even better.With that said, yes, if you haven't tried Earls, you must do so. You just must.. for the experience, for the claim that you've tried it, and for your own judgment. You must wait the in the atrocious line (which really isn't that bad) and judge for yourself if this place is up to the hype.The sandwiches are good a size, they don't skimp on the meat, and the ingredients are simple and straight to the point. Also for around $6, it's one of the better deals on the strip that won't go breaking your bank.Anyhow, if you must try it.. go for the Full Montagu. For a first timer, that is the best choice. But do be warned, their sandwiches are greasy! So be prepared...and the bread is pretty thick, so half the sandwich will probably fill you up.Nonetheless, personally, I only come here because my friends are in LOVE with Earls and will not stand a trip without a visit. So, for the culture, for the fun, and for the love of late night drunken grub, here's 3 stars.
5	It's tough to find value in Las Vegas, but when you get great value AND awesome food it's just over!Came here because my friend said that it was a good sandwich place, and I really didn't feel like driving too far for food.  All the sandwiches are between $6-$8, and they're damn good.  Got The Full Montagu for $6.95, and that roast beef was some of the tastiest I've ever had ANYWHERE.  Bread was money as hell.  Plus their chicken noodle soup wasn't too bad either, definitely comes in the clutch when you're trying to recover from the club.Line goes by way fast, and the service is friendly.  Only problem is that it's first-come, first-serve seating.  Because there's usually so many people, it is a bit of a struggle.  But for this place, I'm gonna have to start making a serious exception.
5	Price: Awesome considering its VegasGeneral Statement: Every sandwich I have had here has been amazing. More: Every time I go to Vegas I must stop here at least once. I've been trying to taste all the different sandwiches and always look for a buddy thats willing to go half and half so I can have two different ones
4	Okay, the only comparison that can be made to Quizno's here is the fact that the bread is toasted. There, the similarities stop.  Earl of Sandwich is in a different league entirely than Quizno's.The bread is toasted to a perfect crisp, and the two sandwiches that I tried were both amazing... the vegetarian and the California chipotle chicken.  I was skeptical about how a sandwich place could have so many positive reviews, but now I know.  I would definitely come back here if I was in Vegas, and that's saying a lot, given how many options there are in Vegas and how hard it is to navigate to a specific place in a casino.  We had lunch here, but I can see this as being an amazing 5 am option after a night of clubbing (they are open 24 hours).The line is looooong but it moves quickly and efficiently.Oh, it's also CHEAP.. at $5.99 a sandwich or $6.49 for a "special" sandwich and no need to tip since you place an order at the counter then get a pager to go pick it up when it's ready.
5	24 hours, excellent prices, mouth watering sandwiches, need I say more ??okay i will. the tomato soup is great on chilly nights, the full montagu is omg good, as well as every single one of their other hot sandwiches. If you're weary of long waits, come during random hours (i.e. 3AM, 2PM, 8AM ) and you'll get to eat in less than a heartbeat.
4	I've eaten here a few times now and it doesn't disappoint.If you see a long line, don't even worry, it moves really fast.  You order, go down the line and can pick up stuff such as chips, pudding, fruit cups, etc. and pay and get a buzzer at the other end of the counter.  I've tried a few sandwiches including the Caprese, the full montagu (Spelling?), and the earl's club.  They were all delicious! The caprese just hits the spot, especially if you're a cheese and tomato fan.  The full montagu was so warm and yummy, but my friend thought it was bit to cheesy for her.  The earl's club was great and the bacon (felt like) it helped with my hangoverI've also tried their mediterranean tuna salad and tomato soup with croutons! Both were amazing and hit the spot.Definitely check this place out!
3	I enjoy going to this place every time I'm at Vegas.  The sandwiches at good and the potato soup sure hit the spot on a hot day. What I didn't get was that I ordered 4 potato soups during my last visit and it 30 minutes to for my order when there were 5 employees just standing around taking?
5	Two words - GOLDEN BRICKS. So glad they've decided to open a location at Downtown Disney (California). BUT, it's not the same experience in Vegas (hungover, or after a night of partying and getting wasted). This place has been such a great convenience for my friends, family and I. The quality of their sandwich is amazing, plus it's 24 hours! The line can get long, but personally to me it goes by pretty fast - especially having such a various choice to choose from their menu, I often had times where I couldn't make up my mind on what to get and I would end up getting 2 more orders on the go. It's that good - believe the hype or not, you need to try it yourself. The only bad thing I have to say is that, their Holiday special is by far, the best sandwich I have ever had in my life. Why is that bad? Because they only have it once a year for a limited time. I love Thanksgiving food, and I'm a big fan of stuffing... to have that with a mix of gravey and some cranberry sauce. It's just, "WOW." Words can't describe it - full on foodgasm.
3	Hrmph. I came in with very high expectations and Earl of Sandwich fell a bit short.On the way back to the OC, we got an assortment of sandwiches - the grilled ham and swiss, full montagu, original and the earl club.My fav out of all 4 was the ham and swiss (although the one at Society Cafe is 100 x better!) I wasn't a huge fan of the full montagu (it tasted overly salty and the meat was kind of bland) or the other sandwiches. They definitely do not warrant the high cost of the sandwiches (close to $10 for one!) or all the hype that this place gets. I mean, the bread is better than average but the other ingredients seem run of the mill.Meh, just meh.
4	They have GREAT sandwiches! I love their holiday sandwich (Thanksgiving in a sandwich). Their Caribbean jerk chicken and chipotle chicken are two of my other faves. It's open 24 hrs! How convenient! Especially in Vegas :)
5	Montagu sandwich was delish! The meat was moist and there was a perfectttt balance of ingredients. All the ingredients, including the bread, tasted super fresh. The service was super quick and the price was definitely reasonable as well. I'll be back next time!
3	Earl of SandwichOverall 3 StarsGold, Silver, Bronze medal - Roasted Beef SandwichThe first time I heard of Earl of Sandwich was when one of my friends was raving about a new sandwich place.  Its so good, blah blah blah.  I was excited to try it.  I first saw Earl of Sandwich at Downtown Disney, but the line was EXTREMELY long.  Like a 25 minute wait at least. 25 minute wait for a sandwich shop?  WOW, now I got even more interested.I made my way to the Planet Hollywood in Vegas just to try the Earl of Sandwich.  Conclusion........ I am not impressed at all.  I tried 3 different hot sandwiches. The best out of the 3 was the roasted beef with the horseradish sauce.  It was hot and not too shabby, but definitely not 5 stars.This located was EXTREMELY dirty too.  Unlike all the clean In n Outs you visit, the Earl of Sandwich here had trash all over the floor.  I am not sure if Earl of Sandwich was over hyped or this location was just bad, but I am not impressed at all.  There are sooo many good things to eat in Vegas, but I will not be adding Earl of Sandwich to my Vegas eats list.HAPPY SANDWICHING!
2	Good sandwiches but but not great and I have to say the product is relatively small for the price.  Stay away from the salads though - they were not that good...like ordering fish at a steakhouse I suppose. . Not sure what all the rave reviews are about - seriously.
4	Best sandwiches eveeeeeer!Where else can you get a super bomb yummy sandwich at 4 in the morning? At EARLS!!!!   They also have great cobb salad and chicken noodle soups.
5	Still by far my favorite place to eat in Vegas. Finally got to have it as my last meal in Vegas, and I took my broccoli cheddar soup, Italian sandwich, and chips to go. Also got my brother a jerk chicken sandwich to give him for picking me up at SJC. The workers here have the process down stat.Ate the soup after hauling butt back to our hotel after watching the water show at Bellagio. I wish it was still hot, but it was decent enough, as it had been at least 20 minutes later. Demolished the soup and was so full from the cheesiness of the soup. Delicious!Enjoyed my sandwich a couple hours later, which also left my backpack smelling incredibly tasty. The italian sauce left it a bit oily, but it was still good hours later! A rarity for a hot sandwich. Plenty of meat, delicious foccacia bread to absorb it all.I just wish we had one here closer (they did open a location recently in Anaheim) and I choose to eat this over all the other foods in Vegas!
5	I've been to the Earl of Sandwich in Disney World so I was completely in sync when my bf said he wanted to try this place.He ordered the club and I had the chicken Caesar.  The bread was fresh and all the ingredients in the sandwich came together perfectly.  Even my plain salad was nothing short of outstanding.
5	Must go to place when you're in Vegas!Compared to other fast-food places, the price is competitive. You get great quality food for a bargain of a price.Everytime I'm in Vegas, I always get a sandwich from here. I've tried most of their sandwich menu and all I have to say is, you can't go wrong with any of the choices. My personal favorite is, The Original.Lines get long at the typical eating hours, so don't complain about waiting. The lines get especially long during the early AM hours of 2-3AM since most of the night clubbers are out and hungry.Food is simple, delicious, and is a must try!
5	Would you believe that for lunch I ate Earl's at downtown Disney, then for dinner I came here! haha, that should totally be a Yelp Badge.This place simply did a great job! It's just that tiny bit better than the one in California that makes it hit that 5!- Chipotle Chicken actually has a giant chunk of Avocado in it!- $0.50 cheaper!- I feel like the ingredients are just better here for some reason.- The line is never too long in my opinion, they are quick and efficient!- Lack of a ton of seating though :[
5	Came here based on Yelp reviews. It never fails me. The sandwich was so yummy!
5	I was in las Vegas last week and had checked this place out on Yelp, I had to try, I had a Montagu, it was very good. Best sandwiches for the price. If you have an opportunity to eat at this place, try it.
4	Came here with my family and we got the full montagu, tuna melt, chipotle chicken avocado, and Earl's club.My favorite by far was the tuna melt. And I don't even usually like tuna melts! It was just so flavorful and creamy mmmm. I'm drooling just thinking about it now. Second favorite was the chipotle chicken! The family loved the full montagu though. While the Earl's club was nothing special.Would definitely come here again!
5	BOMBAY SANDWICHES! :D and when you receive it, it looks like a brick of gold! The full montagu, tuna melt and also the haiwaiian BBQ sandwich is amazing!  if you get hungry during the day then this is the way to go! Grab a bite to eat here and then head down to the Fat Tuesday station and wash it all down with an alcoholic slush, doesn't get better than that right? When in rome, do as the romans do! And you can even get refills on your fat tuesdays at caesars palace!
3	Good but not great.  Liked Montigu better than cannonball. Boyfriend finished the larger pieces from both sandwiches we tried, and he was still hungry.  Taste-wise, if we were in Miracle Mile Mall, we might eat there again... But won't make a separate trip.
5	Love this place because A) it has BOMB sandwiches and salads B) it is opened 24 C) it is a fast and cheap food option by Vegas standards.I have been to Earls in many different places but having one here in PH really helps when you wake up at 2pm after a late night of heavy partying and you just want something quick and delicious to eat.  They are fast and efficient but there can be lines because everyone knows how delicious they are. My recommendations:The original sandwhich- especially if you love horseradishmediterranean saladtomato soup (the crouton are delicious and crunchy)
5	Awesome hot sandwiches, great prices. Highly recommend.
4	Great sandwiches.  My daughter loved the BLT and I had the original.  I was disappointed a little on the amount of roast beef.  I expected a bigger portion.  The sandwiches were hot,  delicious and toasted to perfection.
3	I think it's because I'm a vegetarian, but I'm not sure I see the big deal having been there a few times.My friend Nick compared this to Quiznos, and I couldn't agree more--the place even smells like one. It's nice that they have a deep menu, but today I tried to order a slight variation of their Mediterranean sandwich and I thought I blew the counter girl's mind.The bread is good--there's no question about that. But they were light on the veggies, and I think they forgot the banana peppers entirely. I had their peppermint brownie which knocked you on the face with mint but was a bit dry.I'll probably try the place for a third time with a few drinks in me--maybe that will help a bit.
5	I tried the caprice sandwich and damn near blew my mind away. If i could have a last meal of my choice it would be a sandwich. Why you may ask... because you can put any and everything on a sandwich... duh. Nonetheless this is a very good place to stop and get a sandwich of various characters. Food is decently priced and you can take it to go or dine in... what more could you ask for in Vegas... or anywhere really?
4	The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was not as good as I imagined it would be, because it wasn't spicy at all! :( Perhaps it wasn't meant to be spicy...I would say the chicken itself was not jerk chicken. It tasted like regular chicken.However, I would recommend the more original sandwiches in which they use their deli meat. It's awesome that it's open 24 hours, and it's super cheap!
2	After my 5 hour drive, I was finally here and STARVING!Without any hesitation, my friend and I decided to go here because of blow your mind amazingness of sandwiches everyone speaks of!!!!!Ya, no.Got the club sandwich, and it was alright. The only compliment I have to give is that I ate the whole sandwich.I don't know, maybe you need to be drunk?
5	best sandwich in las vegas blvd  hands down.  when in vegas, you must try their sandwiches.  there bread is always nice and warm, its the essence of what makes this place special.  the one we usually get is with the turkey and cheese and produce.  i've tried the roast beef one as well, but to me the turkey one is my favorite.  some key points on why this place is awesome:- open 24 hours, 7 days a week- cheap- each sandwich is unique, really depends on what your craving, turkey, roast beef, pastrami, tuna, etcwhenever were in vegas we make sure to eat here at least once.  once again if your a visitor of vegas, this place is the best for sandwiches, you won't be disappointed!
4	I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich. It consisted of ham and chicken with Swiss cheese. I paired it with a cup of pure black Kona coffee and it was bliss for me... ...at least until I realized I wished I had more meat on my sandwich...By the way, this place can get really busy during the daytime hours. I recommend eating there for a nice late night meal if you decided you do not want to spend the money at gourmet expensive restaurants. At that time, the workers at least bum rush by the crowd...I hope.
5	Am I the only one who is sad that my sandwich is now $7.02 after tax??  THOSE EXTRA 2 PENNIES THOUGH.With that said, I still come here every time I'm in Vegas and it's still more affordable than anything else on the strip (though debatable if you want to bring in the myriad of steak and eggs places).I recently discovered how glorious it is to dip your sandwich in their Broccoli Cheddar Soup.  I made all my friends do it and they thought I was the most godly person ever to do so (haha, yeah right).The Full Montagu.  The Earl's Club.  The Original.  Don't ask questions, just get 'em.
5	im pretty sure i had earls three time in 48 hours.  im not even embarassed about it.im sad there are only so few locations. open more! preferably in the east bay hahathe tuna melt and chipotle chicken avocado rock my world.
5	For a 24 hour sandwich joint, I'd give it a 4.5. While it wasn't the BEST SANDWICH EVARRRRR, it was tasty. The portion is perfect for one. Kept me satiated from lunch until dinner. No choice for bread, so it's all the same. I ordered Earl's Club with roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, roma tomatoes & sandwich sauce...the turkey was quite moist, major thumbs UP! Italian was scrumptious as well, just on the more flavorful and salty tasting side.
4	Gotta give props for the operation Earl of Sandwich runs. Long lines but moves quickly and you receive your sandwich within 5 min. of ordering. One size sandwichStopped here twice for back-to-back meals.1) Earl's Club: Meh. Filled with bacon, turkey, lettuce & tomato and sauce. I rarely find myself having to add seasoning/sauce to my food. However this was one of the times I had to add dijon mustard just to take away the somewhat blandness of the product. It pains me to say this but even a sandwich from Subway was better than this one.2) Hawaiian BBQ: Better than the Earls Club, IMO. Between the melted cheese, meat, pineapple & BBQ sauce, this one's a winner. Would definitely order this one again.This place is great to try at least once based on all the talk. Sandwich is the perfect size when you have chips, salad, etc. I've had better sandwiches elsewhere but it was convenient due to staying @ PH.Main gripe: Keep a full stock of them big ass choc chip cookies. Both times I went, there were none left.
4	Pretty good sandwiches! I had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwiches and the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (on two different days of course).I was disappointed with the Hawaiian BBQ! I'm a fan of Hawaiian style anything but this one I must say I'm not a fan of. I was gypped!! I only got 2 small slices of pineapple! And then the sandwich filling only covered half of the bread!!! (See picture) Both ends of the sandwich did not have any filling at all! I was very disappointed! But I decided to come back on the second day.The Chipotle Chicken is tangy and spicy! I almost couldn't take it!!! But then again I'm not a fan of spicy food. The avocado made it super good tho!!!
5	Try the Full Montagu. Let the sandwich speak for itself.You're welcome.
5	I love how this place is open 24 hrs and there's a long line when people get out the clubs.*Full Montagu - Yes, it has two meats but it's not that flavorful, not one of my favorites *Earl Club+ This one is good! Everything compliments each other *Tuna+ You would think "meh it's just tuna" but DAYUMMM! the Swiss cheese melted with the tuna is a party for your mouth! Trust! I'm so glad they opened one in Dt Disney so I can have it not only when I'm in LV ;)
4	Another overhyped spot that left me underwhelmed. I am never trusting my drunk friends again.That said, Earl's is no doubt the best affordable and must stop restaurant in Vegas. There are customers 24/7 (as it's open 24 hours), and lunch time can get pretty hectic. ~1pm on a saturday I waited in line around 15 minutes. The staff are very efficient though, and my sandwiches came out in a jiffy. They seem to have some sort of a very ordered assembly line going on since a rampage of a hungry crowd is anticipated during this time of day. Every single table was occupied, but it's likely you'd snag a table if you keep an eye out. Everything's fast paced here, even the diners are quick with eating and then they carry on.Each sandwich I ordered were $6.49. In the order from worst to best:1) Earl's Club: bacon, turkey, lettuce, tomato. You ordinary club sandwich. I wasn't very impressed.2) Chipotle Chicken and Avocado: I appreciated their generosity with the avocado. The sandwich itself reminded me of Panera's chipotle chicken panini. It was okay.3) The Full Montagu: roast beef, turkey, and cheese with sauce. The meat was moist and warm. I savored every bite!4) Tuna melt: tuna and swiss cheese. So simple yet so genius. Creamy and flavorful. It was a party in my mouth.I wasn't blown away like I expected myself to be, but it's definitely a must try!
4	Dang, I never expect to find a good cheap meal on the strip.  Usually, off strip restaurants are the ones fulfilling that category.  I believe I spent only $16 for me and my friend.  My favorites are the Full Montagu and the Hawaiian BBQ.  Now, these aren't the best sandwiches in the whole world but with that price, I can't complain.  Actually, I think they're a steal for that price.
4	Last day in Vegas, of course we need to check out Earl!First impression: LONGGGG line that moves pretty quickly, little seating area where you have to stalk people to find a seat (but I'm a great stalker so that was no problem! Hahha I kid... ) Pretty clean place!Sandwiches tried: Moi= the full montagu thanks to the multiple yelp recommendation. Tis was good. Just good.The bf= (limited edition) chipotle chicken avocado. GREAT delicious sandwich! I was doubting him because I couldn't find it on any yelp reviews... but it is because they only offer this little piece of heaven once in a while. I regret not buying another one for the ride back. The avocado and the chipotle sauce go so well together. MM MMM MMMTip: have your companion get in line and get the sandwich for you while you stalk people for seats ;) It doesn't take that long to find a seat actually! Come here for some quick and affordable food, then walk to Fat Tuesday to get some alcoholic slushies to wash it all down!
5	I had the Earl Club and the Full Montagu, both fantastic. The thing is the bread is light, and all the ingredients are fresh and tasty. ALWAYS get your sandwich heated, it's the best. I went here a few times when I was on the strip. I hope they open one in N. Cali. Price is right, service is quick, food is fresh, seating is a challenge but it would be since the Earl of Sandwich rocks. P.S. Long lines move quickly.P.S. Trust drunk friends to recommend this because this is awesome when your drunk. Trust sober friends because it's pretty friggen tasty when your sober too.
5	I'm not generally a fan of sandwiches, but I ate at Earl's two days in a row on my last trip to Vegas. Cheap, quick, and consistently good. Can't really ask for much more. My favorite has got to be the caprese, whose flavors had held up even after a 2 hour journey through an airport. My second favorite is the Hawaiian. How can you go wrong with pineapple and ham?I wouldn't make the twenty minute drive to Disneyland for Earl's (just because I'm not too big on sandwiches), but it's always a stop when I head to Vegas.
4	quick snack, had the hawaiian bbq sandwich, was really good. try it!
4	If you are eating at Earl, you may be drunk.  It may be late, and you are hungry.  You may have gone to a club, you might have gambled, or maybe you just work late on the strip and are hungry.  The line will be long.  Very long.  But, they are a fine-tuned machine and will get to you very quickly.  So, don't be deterred.  It's a great sandwich, for a great price, especially considering you are on the strip.BUT, maybe it's the morning.  EOS has EXCELLENT breakfast sandwiches.  They are very large, and even cheaper than the lunch/dinner options.  Overall, don't only look to this place when it's late and you've been out all night.  It's good for anytime, but I think its breakfast gets overlooked.  For the price, it's hard to get this much food and have it actually be good.
3	eh..it was OK.I had the original...it was good and the end. lol yeah not something i need to rant or go wild about..
4	Affordable price for a good meal. No wonder this place is so popular. Sometimes after so many meals of stuffing yourself with the buffets and nights of gorging yourself with drinks, you just need a nice, simple meal. Earl's sandwiches are there to answer your call. I had a seasonal sandwich with turkey and cranberry and thoroughly enjoyed it. The line is intimidating but the workers there are very quick and efficient, making the wait shorter and more bearable. Definitely a must-try for Vegas-goers.
4	You can guarantee that Earls will always be packed. It is a great place for a quick meal that is both affordable and will fill you up. I love the fact that their sandwiches are all hot. I usually order Cannonballs (the meatball sandwich) which is delicious. This time I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado which has grilled chicken, chipotle sauce (which I substituted for ranch), avocado, cheddar cheese, bacon, and lettuce. I recommend trying this sandwich because it is only available for a limited time. My 4 star rating is because all of the flavors are there and the service is fast, but I have had better sandwiches. But I make it a point to eat here when I'm in Vegas. It can be hard to find a table to sit at but there is always a lot going on if you're looking to eat somewhere in the center of activity.
4	Stayed in Vegas for about a day and half. Ended up eating here twice. Positives -- Cheap place to eat on the strip, but also delicious- Lines are long but service is quick since they got a whole army making these sandwiches- Open all day err dayNegatives -- No pastrami- Soup was luke warm when i got it- Could be hard finding a table to dine at
5	I've literally driven to Vegas (4 hour drive) just for this. Cheap, amazing, simple, nuff said.Get the original. Thank me later. Don't mess with anything else, unless you've had the original at LEAST 10 times (i am not exaggerating). If anybody tells you anything different, tell them to "Shut their mouth when they're talkin to you". Perfect food for every situation and you will encounter EVERY situation in Vegas.
4	We got a couple sandwiches here during out trip for lunch, they were both pretty tasty, The bread was nice and fresh and the meats were solid as well. Overall good flavors but way too salty for the italian sub. The prices were great, about $6 each, cheap for vegas standards but also be aware the sandwiches are on the small side. I could have easily eaten two of them before getting full.
5	Open 24/7(its in Vegas! yup). Really tasty and cheap sandwiches, but also really long lines because of that lol. That doesn't matter that much to me anywhere else, but who really wants to spend all their time in Vegas waiting in line lol. either way, my favorite sandwich to get here is the full montagu(roast beef, cheese, lettuce, tomato, spicy mayo) and my favorite soup here is tomato soup with croutons. protip: Call in to-go, the wait becomes 5 minutes instead of 50 loledit: FROZEN LEMONADE. good with or without the patron shots ahaha
3	Got their jerk chicken and montagu (yes, that's two sandwiches) and they just tasted so so. There wasn't as much flavor in terms of spices but they were very much salty. Maybe my salt receptors were just hyperactive that day but the salt intensity was unbearable... Would try another sandwich in the future, maybe the original cause that's what my friend had and he enjoyed it. Nevertheless, the sandwiches are cheap and it gets the job done considering that it is Vegas.
4	This spot on the strip has over 2,500 Yelp reviews. Good grief. Since there's no Earl of Sandwich in the Pacific NW (but happens to be in many other states), it made me that much more curious to try it.This location inside Planet Hollywood looks great. Even got all the Earls of Sandwich on one of the walls. Larger portrait for the actual guy responsible for creating the sandwich. I guess we can all thank him now for being such a gambling addict.Earl of Sandwich makes their own artisan bread, basically amounting to a buttery sandwich roll that lightly toasts in their conveyor-belt oven. Each sandwich is made and toasted to order.I had one of the signature sandwiches: the Full Montagu ($6.49). Juicy, tender slices of meat, mustard, lettuce, and tomato. The lettuce looked a bit wilted, not sure if that was from it going through the oven. Added some Grey Poupon just for the hell of it.Frankly, the sandwich was small for the amount paid. Merely a snack in my eyes.There are usually a couple different types of coffee, a Kona blend and a dark roast. Good coffee here, and you can help yourself for a couple bucks.Overall, I liked what I saw. I hope to return in the future!
4	Well it was a night of drinking with friends, we are at the Cosmopolitan and need some really late night (early morning really) grub. We go to the Earl and get our sandwiches, I just ordered a simple ham and cheese and it blew my socks off. If you like Subway and Quiznos then you will be disappointed in those places after going to the Earl because it is so much better.
5	Deserving of all the high marks. Who needs a top chef when you get a great sandwich at a great price.
3	I ate here with some friends after a movie. The sandwiches were fine and one of us had some Brocolli/cheese soup which she said was good. It was no better or worse than most Subways or Quiznos, but more expensive because it's in a casino. It's not somewhere I would make a special effort to go but it was OK.
2	Probably one of the few reasonably priced joints in the strip, though I don't see what the hype is about.  If you input RESTAURANTS on the STRIP in Las Vegas, this is one of the top three in terms of ratings.  Really?  I don't know where all the accolades are coming from, but the Earl of Sandwich is far from Earldom in my book.Got to admit, the pics of the sandwiches look pretty good.  But when I got  the Mediterranean Chicken Salad Wrap, I seriously thought they got my order WRONG as the dressing was the same as a Caesar's.  I could only tell the difference from the fact that the Med Chicken had red peppers and olives, while a traditional Caesar doesn't have this.  My boyfriend was also unimpressed with his BLT (which looks a lot smaller than the pictures).  Overall a disappointment given all the good reviews.  I wonder if it's all the alcohol which makes Yelpers more kindly disposed to the restaurants on the LV Strip??!!
5	A must visit when in Vegas. The line is always long, but moves really fast so you don't have to wait long. omg so good. I ordered the seasonal sandwich with turkey and cranberry and it was so much better than what I'd expected. They even put gravy in the sandwich which makes it super moist. I know they opened up a shop in Anaheim so I'm excited to try.
5	Earl of Sandwich was definitely my savior on my last Vegas trip. Came here twice in three days and loved the quality, value, and availability of the place when compared to everything else in Vegas. I mean where else can you get a legit panini-type sandwich that tastes like heaven at an odd hour of the evening/morning for less than $10...while tipsy...I've had the Full Montagu and Chipotle Chicken Avocado - both of which are great choices (thanks yelp friends that suggested!). The Chipotle Chicken Avocado I appreciated for the light spiciness and fresh avocado, and the full montagu for their roast beef. Earl of Sandwich is just so satisfying at any point in the day/evening in Vegas and it's definitely going to be a regular for me for all of my Vegas trips!
5	You might lose your money, dignity, or even your relationship in Vegas, but you'll always find comfort here. Open all day, everyday, this place has provided for me at both my highs and lows.... sober or drunk.... 3pm or 3am... in my pajamas or in a tie. Always a clutch place to go when you're just craving  that special something.Of course it can get crazy during the peak hours, but it's well worth the wait. Also they have sandwich making efficiency DOWN, so you get your order pretty fast. The Full Montagu is just a perfect combination of meats. The Earl's Club comes in a close second just because it has bacon.Enjoy the only thing in Vegas that isn't marked up 5x the regular price.
5	I had Earl's three times in 24 hours.Don't think you can get a much better recommendation than that. Get the Full Montagu.
4	Came here while in Vegas for the weekend. I split 2 sandwiches, The Chicken avocado, and the Full Montagu.The chicken was perfectly cooked and flavorful, the avocado was smoother and ripe, and went perfectly with the sauce. The Full Montagu was also delicious, but not as good as the (limited time) Chicken Avocado.Just inside the Planet Hollywood and open 24/7. It wasn't crazy when we went about 9pm on Wed, but I assume it gets packed for lunch or on the weekend. I cant wait to go back!
4	so i was with my fam and everyone had rave reviews one said it was the best sandwich they ever had he got the hawaiian one.this place wasss packeddddd tho so be ready to wait in a line its pretty cheap and casual .
5	Been here a few times, and it's too legit to quit. I try to go here atleast once every time I go to vegas. It's cheap food, delicious food, and it's opened late. I hate it when the lines are long but its still good. I've had the BLT, which is MEH (get something else), the Earl Club (BOMB), the chipotle chicken avacado (DOUBLE BOMB). The fruit cup is a fruit cup duh... And yeah! pretty much, its good. Once time, i had it twice in one day... 3 times in a weekend.. Also, after a heavy night of drinking at Marquee, I recommend walking across the bridge to this heavenly place. Drink tons of water, have a sandwich, and trust me, your morning will be better...
5	Definitely worth the stop.  After reading reviews, we decided to stop here for a taste. It is counter service where you order your sandwich, pay, then they give you a buzzer to know when it's ready.  It is definitely a scrumptious "QUICK BITE".I ordered the chicken avocado & my husband ordered the full montagu.  First of all, I think any sandwich panini pressed makes it superior.  My husband and I were very quiet while we endulged on our sandwiches.  We didn't even offer the other a taste.  I would've came back here another time but I wanted to try out other places while we were in Vegas for 4 days.There should be more places like this in east coast.
2	Not sure what all the hype is about. They serve affordable sandwiches in an otherwise overpriced town. My sandwich was ready for 10 minutes before they finally realized that my buzzer was broken.
5	An Earls of Sandwich trip in Las Vegas is a must! Even though there's one now open closer to me at Disneyland... This trip when I went, there was absolutely no line at around 10PM. (or even earlier) Probably because it was a Friday night and everyone was getting ready for the club. We had just arrived and decided that we needed a quick meal before really jumping into the Vegas fun. This time my boyfriend & I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Full Montague, delicious! We also ordered the mac n cheese & vegetable soup, all for only about $20! We only ate half of our sandwiches and saved the rest for later (which actually tasted just as good the next day). Overall, not sure if it's because the drunk munchies makes this place so delicious.. but super worth it.Be aware though, the wait can get extremely long! The next day we saw the wait during the day and was thankful that we ate it before and had other food adventure choices. You can also customize your sandwiches here & always try to get the specials! My boyfriend said that on his last trip he was able to get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken with buffalo sauce & said it was bomb.com.
5	I think this might be THE best sandwich place I've ever been to. I've heard so many great things about this place so I HAD to stop by for lunch as soon as we arrived in Vegas. Well actually, I had to grab a Fat Tuesday, of course, but this was my second stop. It was around 3pm so the lines weren't too long. I ordered the Earl Club and it did not disappoint! I don't know how they make it, but it's sooooo good! I absolutely love carbs so the bread stood out to me the most - warm, light and flaky but chewy, all at the same time. The sandwich was pretty big - I only finished half of it and took the other half to-go. And for $7, it's reasonably priced. The seating area wasn't too packed when I was there, but I can see how it would get crazy packed if there's a long line. It's self-seating so if it gets too packed, you can always have a friend save a table while you order! I finished the other half of my sandwich a few hours later. It was cold so it wasn't as good as it was fresh, but it was STILL amazing! I'm so glad they opened up another location in Anaheim. I'll probably be going there more often!
5	Great place. I had the turkey club and It was delicious. Highly recommend it. I would return here because price is only $6 and hot sandwiches and good. Yummmm!!!Good for anytime of the day. I want some now. Bye ;)
3	i dunno... i ordered the same sandwich i usually get at sandwich spots; Tuna. Didn't taste any different from Quiznos to be honest, or WichWich... maybe i wasn't drunk enough...
4	I had a sandwich which I can't remember the name of.. it was like the Earl Club but with avocado. It was definitely good but nothing special. The sandwich was hot, and so the avocado was warm which was weird for me... but the line moved quick and service was fine. I would come back
5	Summary: Pretty solid sandwiches for a pretty good price.  Great bread.  Quality ingredients.  Fast assembly.  An excellent choice for a good meal for just one $.I had just arrived in town with a friend for 2013 CES and we wanted to grab some late dinner on a Wednesday.  We made reservations for Mesa Grill the next night, so to balance that out we wanted to eat on the cheap.  We Yelped and came across The Earl of Sandwich and made our way down the strip.If you come into Planet Hollywood from the strip, you basically have to walk straight back a ways and keep to your left.  It is part of the food court.If there is a line, it moves pretty quickly because they just take your order, you choose your drinks, and then you pay and take a number.  When your food is ready, you go and pick it up to the right of the cash register, and there is plenty of dining space for everybody.On this visit I got the Jerk Chicken sandwich while my buddy got a Chipotle Avocado Chicken sandwich, and then we split a Spicy Italian.  Each of us enjoyed the quality of the ingredients and the way they all worked together between two perfect pieces of bread.  All sandwiches were very flavorful, nice and toasty, and pretty economically priced at around $6 each.  Is it the same price to quantity ratio as Subway? No. But it is a better quality experience for just a little more.  I'd defintiely recommend a visit to the Earl.
5	This place is awesome!! It's affordable and delicious. I got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwhich and my friend got the tuna melt.  She said that the tuna melt was good, but could've been better without the cheese. As for the Hawaiian BBQ, it was tasty and full of flavor. It's usual to have pineapple in  a sandwich but it taste good. I will defiantly come back here for more next time I'm in Vegas.
5	YUMMY, one of the best sandwiches places EVER next too Ike's of San Francisco.  The bread on each sandwich was cripsy on the outise and soft/buttery on the inside.  PERFECTION.  Meat to bread ratio is just perfect.Full montague - a legitamate regular sandwich with lots of juicy meat.  Chipotle chicken - my favorite of the two.  SUPER tasty spicy sweet oniony flavor. Crispy bacon, and suprisingly moist chicken, without overdoing the sauce like how Ike's does.Free wifi! Quick turnover. Clean tables.Awesome sammiches, i will definitely be back to try all of their sandwiches!
5	Hey earl of sandwich,You can be my breadwinner every day of the week.
5	Best sandwiched I've ever had. I got the all American.
5	Ate here twice over the weekend! Everything was perfect. Food was consistant, soup was great at that price!! Food was made fast and very hot! Good Experience here!
5	I've been told that I need to stop writing essays on yelp. My descriptions and complaints get so lengthy that reading it might bore you. Although my satiric humor gets dry-- yelping is serious bizznizz yo!On to Earl. No, it is not over-hyped. Yes, there is a line that loops around the shop. Located in Planet Hollywood Mall area, Earl stands out. Earl has a variety of sandwiches. Earl is affordable. Sandwiches range around $7-8 with tax. Soda fountain for those who crave sugar and diabetes, and free H2O. Earl and I get a long quite well. I loved the Tuna Melt -- t'is my favorite sandwich. Bread crisp on the outside soft in the inside, great bite and texture. Cannot tell whether or not the tuna is canned, because there are actual chunks of tuna with a generous serving of mayo. The melting cheese is perfect, no complaints. It is a great option for lunch if you don't want to break your wallet at the buffets or expensive tourist prices at other venues. Definitely a must if you are in Vegas. Tip: It is at the east end of the mall, across the casino (so you don't have to walk in big circle). My friends enjoy this so much, they even pack it back to California. But I hear they opened one down in Anaheim by downtown Disney. Come to the Bay Area! plz!!
5	Don't think I can add any more substance to all these reviews but, this place makes legit sandwiches at amazing prices.You know something is going to be good when it is wrapped in gold foil. It is like golden bricks of deliciousness.Anyways, onto the food.The Original: Looks pretty plain, but packs in a lot of flavor with their super tender and juicy roast beef paired with their horseradish. Add some poupon mustard and it is perfect.Full Montagu: This one has all the fixings inside, and definitely a must try.The Club is also very good, quite similar to the Montagu.Why I love their sandwiches:+Tender, and juicy meats.+Their toasted bread is amazing+Perfect amount of spread+I love roast beef, and their roast beef was the best I've ever had in a sandwich.Portion wise is on the smaller side so if you are hungry you might want to order two....or three....maybe if you are like me and really love their sandwiches you could get four.
5	New favorite sandwich place! It is located in Planet Hollywood hotel shopping center. It's a great place for a late night meal after some drinks at a cheap price. It's even more convenient if you came from The Cosmopolitan Hotel. Warning I was a little bit buzzed when I ate here. I just remember the sandwiches are good. Service: I was surprise to find a long line at 3 in the morning for sandwiches. It reminds me of fast food where you order and pick up. The staff is quick and fast.Food: I love their sandwiches but the portions are small to me. They even have Mac & cheese, salads, pastries, and soup.Recommendations: Best damn tuna melt ever. It's a must have! The chipotle chicken sandwich is not too bad just too much of a kick for me. Definitely will come back and try more at Downtown Disney.
5	This place is always great!! I will always make the trip to the strip (open 24 hours a day) for these sandwiches!  You can not beat the price or the service, Ive never waited over 10 minutes for my food. and Ive never had anything that I didnt like. The ham and swiss and french dip are my favorites.
4	On the strip AND cheap AND 24 hrs (well, I think they're closed for like 10min around midnight or so).  Anyways, I've been here many times to satisfy that late night munchy.  Today, my husband does the ordering and we end up with 4 sandwiches.  FOUR.  I don't know what he was thinking, but now I can review them for ya'll:  The full montague has beef and turkey and is quite yummy.  Wished they put more veggies on there, but that's being picky.  I always get this.  Hawaiian BBQ (we just got off the plane from HNL:) has ham and grilled chicken with pineapple.  I like the combo.  However, since this was the last one that I ate, I was unable to finish.  The caribbean jerk is good for those who like their sammies a little spicy since it has the banana peppers.  And for a limited time, they're doing a chicken pesto sammy, that's not too bad either.  It stood out a little less for me, since it didn't have the sweetness of the Hawaiian nor the spiciness of the Caribbean.  I think my fave is still the montague, but that's b/c I always prefer sliced meats to grilled chicken.I think a yelper mentioned that there is a coupon out there for 50% off.  Wished we had one of those tonight.  Still, prices are reasonable for about $7/sandwich.
2	WTF.... I can't believe this place gets nearly 5 star reviews!!! Had their signature sandwich, tomato soup, kid's grilled cheese, chinese chicken salad, potato salad and the miniature brownies.  Picked up 2 bottles of beer.  All of this came out to $46?  I don't mind paying for what you get, but this was getting subway shit.  The sandwich was ok, nothing that great.  The tomato soup was pretty damn close to what comes out of a campbell's can with yesterday's bread as croutons.  The kid's grilled cheese looked like a overcooked whole wheat hamburger bun and it was dry.  Salad was good, totally dug how they put the dressing at the bottom to control the withering.  Potato salad was pretty generic and tasted like it was out of a tub.  Brownies were overbaked and crunchy (if you're into that sort of thing).  Seriously people, check out a Specialties sandwich or a Corner bakery sandwich.  If you thought this place deserved 5 stars, you'll make either of those places, your last meal on earth.
5	I used to only eat seafood so, the Tuna Melt from Earl's was my go-to. Now that I have stepped back into the carnivorous lifestyle, The Original has taken the #1 spot. It's warm, the bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, the meat to cheese to bread ratio is perfection. I love that this place is open 24/7 and the prices are super affordable after a long night of partying and expensive bar tabs. I have to go here at least once anytime I visit LV. A must!
5	Def a must stop for a lunch when you want a great value and fresh, hot sandwich. I highly recommend the tuna melt and the Hawaiian is def worth your time.
4	Good stuff! I had the chicken avocado sandwich. The chicken was moist and tender despite being breast meat, and the ingredients were very tasty. The toasted bread was nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.We got here right before the lunch rush, which had a super long line that wrapped around to the mall hallway. I'd recommend showing up a bit early (11:30 unless you want to wait.
5	Everything is still great as usual!Just wanted to say that the "Original 1762" is probably my favorite sandwich of all time. That bread with roast beef, cheddar and HORSERADISH! Stuff of sandwich legend.I really liked the "Full Montagu" as well with Roast Beef, Turkey, Swiss and veggies topped with the yummy mustard sauce. Also, the chocolate puddlng (when you want something sweet) really hits the spot for late night desserts!Delicious as per usual. So delicious I went twice that weekend, as mentioned above and another day in Los Angeles at the Downtown Disney location.
5	Earl of Sandwich may be a chain restaurant, but sometimes they just get it right!  I don't mind sandwiches and it's not something I usually crave, but things have changed since my visit here.  Their Signature Hot Sandwiches are melt in your mouth, sauce dripping down your wrists, GOOD!My favorites are the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (has a nice kick) and the Best BLT (smoked bacon, enough said).
5	BEST SANDWICHES EVER! My cousin told me to go here in planet hollywood (a bit hard to find since this place is like a maze) but once I found it ... it was just amazing! Granted I was in Vegas and was eating at the Wynn buffet later that night, I could not help myself from stopping and ordered 3 sandwiches ... 2 I ate there and 1 I brought back with me in my backpack! haha
5	A must if you are in the area! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	This was the best hot sandwich I've ever had. It's open 24/7 and is under $10 a person. There's not much to say about this place other than this place is a must if you're in Vegas and want something incredible for a good price.
2	I was very excited when I went to the Earl of Sandwich. The advertisements look good and I thought I would enjoy it. I ended up being very disappointed. It's not that the sandwich has a bad taste. It does not. But the bread, even though they are trying to make it more artisan, just misses the mark. I found it to be a bit on the hard side. That just ruins a sandwich for me.The Earl of Sandwich is located in the Palms, so there is no ambiance at all. Step in, get your sandwich, and then find a table to sit at while everyone else at the other seven restaurants is doing the same. I also thought the price was quite high for something just on the lower side of OK.
4	Dear Earl of Sandwich, thank you so muchhh for being open odd hours of the night in vegas when I'm drunk and just need some food to fill me up! I can always count on you to have no lines and friendly staff who will understand my slurred speech when I order the Earl Club! Can't go wrong with this place weather you're drunk and hungry or just plain hungry. Sandwiches are good and they have a great selection.
4	great sandwiches however it ses to always take 1.5 or 2 of them to fill me up. so it becomes a tad pricey. However of you are just here for the taste or is easily satisfied then it's a great place tot go with friends. only downside is probably the long lines.
5	Best sandwich ever. love their tuna melt!
4	This was a great restaurant to go to get a quick lunch. The sandwiches looked great. I actually had a salad that was very good. Service was pretty quick considering how busy it was. When I walked by there at midnight the restaurant was actually even busier. It's probably because it's one of few restaurants where you can get something fast that's open 24 hours. I will come back here again.
5	Can't be best for a quick affordable meal or snack... Good little sandwiches, soup etc...easy in/easy out ... We go frequently!
4	This is a chain but everything tastes homemade and they use real meats, breads, and cheeses. No mystery meat here. I had the Full Montagu, which is ham, turkey, and roast beef but everything looks good. They're open 24 hours on the Planet Hollywood casino floor so you can always grab an affordable, quick, tasty meal even if you're clinging to those last few dollars trying to scrape to the airport.
4	Finally got to try Earl's and I was sober enough to remember everything.  I tried the Original sandwich and it was pretty tasty! I thought it was a little bland but nothing a little mustard can't fix. I especially liked the bread that was warm and toasty. I think for the price point, the sandwich and value delivers, especially for Las Vegas! Next time I'm definitely getting shit faced before eating here.
4	If your in VEGAS and want something affordable, delicious and fast this is the place to be! They have a wide selection and big portions for the price!If you plan on spending your money elsewhere and food is your last option then eat here everyday and you will have plenty of money left to gamble. ;)Price for a sandwich: ~$7-8Tuna melt - so bomb! very flavorful. If your looking for something warm and somewhat healthy, this is the dish to get. 1/2 a sandwich already fill me up and the flavors just explode in your mouth. It doesn't have that fishy taste to it. They mixed the tuna and other additives very well and the cheese complement it.
4	Checked out Earl of Sandwich our first night in Vegas. I got the original and my wife got the chipotle chicken/avocado/bacon. I regret not having tried the caribbean jerk chicken sandwich but the original was good too. It's too bad they allow smoking everywhere inside there. I think we would have enjoyed our sandwiches a little more without having to inhale smoke while eating them.I was actually expecting the sandwiches to be at least a little bigger. I was still hungry after, but eventually lost my appetite after walking around the strip and getting lost and tired from walking among the crowds and crowds of people (stupid Friday nights in Vegas).
5	I always make it a point to stop by this place whenever I'm in Vegas. This business is located inside the miracle mile (planet Hollywood) "the district."The line may be long but it moves very fast. All the sandwiches are served fresh, hot, tasty and in good size. A must if in Vegas! I wish they would open one in San Diego
5	Great sandwiches fast service and can I say once again great sandwiches not big on hot sandwiches myself but this place made me change my mind
5	Earl of Sandwich... best sandwiches ever!!!My husband and I wanted to see what all the hype was about with the sandwiches there and my my my... glad we stopped by! They were perfect in every way! I got the full montagu and my husband got the hawaiian bbq.  Perfect combination of everything! I wish they had a branch here in Sacramento.  We'd be one of their regular customers.  Glad we got to try this place out.  If you haven't yet... you are definitely missing out.  Stop by this place when you're in Vegas!! You won't regret it.
5	Did I just start gambling at Planet Hollywood to  get comped and be able to eat here daily? Yup, I did.I want to say the food is mind blowing. I have tried every single item on the menu here, no joke. Why a 5 star? Because is fits what I love.I love the original and tuna melt. I love the perfectly toasted sandwich that is cheesy and melty. This is why I love this place.  Like anywhere else, you have to know what you like and the reason you go to certain places and that is why I give this place a 5.Even at the long rushes, they're pretty quick at getting you the food so I haven't really ever waited longer than 15 minutes?Here's the way you order:1. get in line2. order3. get your receipt4. go down the short line and pick up any other items you want    (cookies, adult beverages, etc)5. pay6. get a buzzerSandwiches are about $7 each
5	They have a sandwich figured out!  It is simple, fresh and taste great.  If you don't have one of these in your neighborhood, then you need to hit them up for a franchise.  Not only was this place CRAZY busy but it was also CRAZY good.  Thank you YELP! for referring me to them!
4	My husband and I were in Vegas and we were looking for something yummy and delicious (and nutritious).  We YELPED the nearest restaurant and found Earl of Sandwich!  Wow, was my mind and taste buds BLOWN AWAY!First I want to say that YES there will probably be a line when you're waiting here and the technique is to have your partner grab a table while you wait in line to order.  That's the key to getting a spot to eat! The wait really isn't that bad (10-15 mins) because they really do try their best to service their customers quickly.  I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Salad (dressing on the side) both times I went here and I was not disappointed.  The tomato soup was DELICIOUS as well (although small).  My husband ordered the ham and Swiss sandwich (yummy) on the first visit and the Mediterranean tuna wrap the second time. He said both were delicious but was partial to the to tuna wrap because it had more of a crunch and left him filled longer.Overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be coming here!!!
5	OMG this place is BOMB. Its perfect when we stay in planet hollywood. Sandwiches: perfect every time. The bread is perfect, the inside fillings are brillant. My favorite is the cobb and my boyfriends is the tuna melt. Seriously perfect every time we eat here. The sandwiches stay the same consistency: PERFECTSoup: You MUST MUST try the tomato soup! it's not your average tomato soup that's runny and like melted ketchup. I hate tomatos but this soup beats it all. Its creamy and sorta almost "cheesy" but not. Ask for extra croutons. The wait is always about 5-10 mins. It goes by quick. The one at PH tastes better than the Palms one and the one at downtown disney in anahiem, ca. I love this place. Prices are really good and the wait is worth it, especially if you're hungover and tired.
5	Best cheap eats on this part of the strip.  Try "The Original", you won't regret it!G
4	yum yum yum!   no wonder why this place is the #1 sandwich place in america!
4	Okay been wanting to try this place for a long time now. There's one at Disneyland but too far to drive just for a sandwich.Okay I love how efficient this place is run, place order then pay at cashier and order drinks then get a disk with lights, when your order is ready the disk flashes and you pick up, really cool.I tried the original and it was good, did it blow me away no but the bread is nice, texture good and toasted. Different than subway or quiznos. Its a nice quick meal away from the casinos high priced places. Probably  best price, under $10 for sandwich and drink.******************************************************************************************OKAY A TIP A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS, EVEN THE CASHIER DIDNT KNOW UNTIL SHE LOOKED IT UP ON THE COMPUTER. YOU GET 15% OFF WITH YOUR TRIPLE A CARD....HOW COOL IS THAT.... ******************************************************************************************
3	I still think this place is overrated, but their tuna melt is so freaking tasty!!!! I can vouch for this because I tried it completely sober. The sandwich was also kinda cold, which means it must have been even more amazing when it was warm! If you're a tuna melt kinda person, you gotta try this! It's a regular item on the menu so it's available all the time.
5	If you don't visit here at least once during your vegas trip, you're doing vegas wrong honey...So. Good.Their sandwiches make me cry with happiness and I know everything will be okay and world peace and unicorns and ..
5	Disclaimer: I ate here at 4am after clubbing, so my opinion might be a bit biased.I finally got to try Earl on my latest trip to Vegas. I had the chicken chipotle avocado. I absolutely love avocado so this seemed like a natural choice for me. The bread has a nicely toasted exterior, yet still manages to stay warm and soft inside. The chipotle sauce added a nice hint of spiciness and the fresh avocado was absolutely delicious.The fact that they're open 24 hours to accomodate hungry drunk people is just awesome. Incredibly satisfying and it won't break the bank. I'll be back for sure whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Open 24 Hours, and it's gotta be one of the best foods (value wise) you can get on the strip. If they have the Holiday Turkey Sandwhich, I absolutely recommend you try it. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with The Original 1762 or the Chicken Chipotle Avocado (when is that sandwhich ever bad?).This place might be the only reason people visit Planet Hollywood anymore. And don't waste your time at Pinks - opt for Earl of Sandwhich instead.
5	First time eating here. Tried the Full Montagu and it was incredibly delicious! And the best part? It's dairy and egg free!
3	Came here for the first time because a few friends were buzzing about it. We ordered a variety of sandwiches to try - Caprese, Italian, The original, The Earl's Club, The Ful Montagu, and the Chicken Chipotle Avocado as well as frozen lemonade. All the sandwiches were alright, nothing to rave or unique about their sandwiches. The caprese was terrible - lack of flavor and not enough basil. Do Not order the frozen lemonade unless you want to drink sugar water...it was so sweet we barely drank it.
2	What the frack. I guess you have to be drunk or crazy to enjoy these sandwiches. I was looking forward to trying Earls and even ordered three different sandwiches to gather a fair opinion. None of them looked like the pictures. None of them tasted any better than TOGOs. The highlight of my meal was the Mac and cheese. I feel robbed. Bamboozled even.
5	*** OPEN 24 HOURS ***AMBIANCE: Long lines (that move pretty quickly) at peak hours (weekends during lunch/dinner), casual self-service eatery. THINGS OF NOTE: Condiments like tabasco, mayo, mustard(s) are provided. I'm all about the condiments, so I *really* appreciate that. (You can actually find Dirty chips at the ABC store right across Earl's!) Great place to stop at for a quick bite after a night out in Vegas.SERVICE: Self-service.PRICE: Less than $10 per person.VALUE: Great value, like Quizno's except tastier.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%___________________________________:::: THE FOOD ::::* HOLIDAY SANDWICH - $5.99           - [5/5 - Oven-roasted turkey, hearty stuffing, zesty cranberry sauce, seasoned mayonnaise and warm gravy. ------------ I've called a few times in the past 2 years to ask exactly when this sandwich will be available. I like it *that* much. Must be consumed within less than 20mins or it gets super soggy.]* THE EARL'S CLUB - $5.99           - [4.5/5 - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce]* THE FULL MONTAGU - $5.99           - [4/5 - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce]* CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKEN  - $5.99           - [3.5/5 - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce]
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!! Tried about three different sandwiches there while I was visiting Vegas, and i couldn't get enough of it!! I ended up taking some home because I was so obsessed.The pricing here is not overwhelming at all, definitely worth the price you pay.The side items aren't that great.  Mac&cheese is a little dry, and the side cold pasta didn't taste fresh.
3	I had heard a lot of hype about Earl of Sandwich and while the sandwiches here are pretty good its hardly a mindblower.  On the positive side, the bread is super fresh, the ingredients pretty tasty, service is quick and the price is affordable.On the negative side, the sandwiches are a touch on the small side and service was kinda painful.The GF and I came here for lunch, specifically to try Earl of Sandwich.  She ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chick and I had the Chipotle Chicken with Avacado and Chicken.  My sandwich was pretty good.  As I said above the bread may have been the best part.  Ingredient-wise you can see they use the same chicken across all their sandwiches and just dress the differently.  The chipotle dressing was nice and added a lot of flavor and the bacon and avocado where lacking a bit and didn't really punch through as much as I hopped.  The Caribbean Jerk Chicken came out without any dressing so my GF had to get another, upon the second try it was better.  It didn't really have as much flavor as I was expecting.  Again, it was a solid, even a good sandwich...it just could have been more.Service was kind of wonky.  You order and one register then pay at another down the line.  The cashier at the end disappears to refill some napkins and disappears for almost 5 minutes.  A line quickly formers behind us and the food orders come in before people could pay.  The ladies running the sandwiches looked dumbfounded because they didn't know what to do.  Finally the cashier comes back, but it was still rather annoying.I do want to give Earl of Sandwich another try down the road, particularly the one near disneyland.  While it wasn't everything I was expecting, the sandwiches were still of a good quality and an easy pick over Subway, Quiznos, Togos or any other fast food sandwich shop.
4	Trying to find this place when you aren't really ever in Planet Hollywood was a little bit hard but eventually possible. If you are looking for cheap but good food and you aren't really feeling like eating McDonalds go to Earl and check them out.The sandwich is quite filling and if you aren't really a big eater than I would suggest sharing it with another girlfriend. Everyone seems to like this place a lot and the line can be massive. If you aren't a fan of sandwiches than you might not like this place. The desserts are a little bit on the sweet side and not really my taste. But if you do need to eat an  your on a budget I would definitely go here and try it out, if you haven't already!
4	Such great sandwiches and a very convenient location next to the PH Sportsbook.Order the Original 1762 - the quality of the roast beef and the rest of the ingredients are simply amazing.I usually eat here at least once every time I'm in Vegas - one of the best deals in the city.
2	A friend claimed this as the best deal on the strip. About $6 for a decently sized but filling sandwich. Since I wasn't too hungry, I opted to share one with a friend. We settled on the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. I wish since it was our first time we would've gotten the original because I think I would've liked it better and come back. The Caribbean jerk chicken was not at all Caribbean-y. None of that sauce that reminds me of jerk chicken. It was more like grilled chicken with red and banana peppers. The chicken strips in it were really moist and tender. And I think my favorite part was the bread. Right amount of thickness. Warm and crunchy on the outside but not chip-your-tooth tough, soft in the middle but not mushy. The line is ridiculously long and the seating area is too small for everyone who is trying to eat here. I'm holding out hope that they are better than their Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich so I will be back to taste their other sandwiches.
4	Wife and I did an after midnight run and can I say what a great find.  I had the BBQ Hawian and she eat the Chipotle Avacado.  Both were top notch at a great price.We went back a couple of days later and the wife went with the same, but I had the Ham, Egg and Cheddar breakfast sandwich.  Mine came bare bread, I wish it had mayonaise (easy to add the next time) and if only they could have used a better cheese.We will be back!!
5	Earl of Sandwich is a must eat in Vegas. Every sandwich I have tried is amazing. My favorites are the Earls Club, Chipotle Avocado, the All American, and Holiday Sandwich.  I don't really know what it is about these sandwiches but they definitely leaving you wanting more. Seriously, a vegas trip isn't complete without a stop at Earls. It's 24 hrs. cheap. and awesome.
3	Yes I finally got to try Earls! My life is complete! Not...Anyway, I thought the concept of this place was cool. They have various locations nationwide. The one in Vegas of course is open until odd hours of the day. I came here after I left Marquee and was seriously dying to try the infamous Earl of Sandwich.My friend raved about the tomato soup but I thought I had better. The sandwich was good, but I didn't see the big deal on JUST a sandwich.i mean seriously, it's just a sandwich. I like how it's not marked up like everything else is in Vegas. Good for a late night bite but I don't think I'll crave it ever again.Thanks Earl.
4	Oh my how I love earl! On my recent 5 day trip I ate there every single day. Breakfast sandwiches and the chipotle chicken avocado are my favorite. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because on the last day I wanted to venture out so I tried their oatmeal for breakfast because the photo of it looked delicious. However, when I got it, it definitely didn't look like oatmeal. It was super watery and looked like it hasn't been cooked. Water with stuff just floating around in it. I asked the girl if that's what it was supposed to look like and she said yes. I asked her if I could trade it for something else and after she asked me what other kind of soup I wanted, I told her I wanted a bagel. Clearly that's how watery it was if she described it as soup. They graciously gave me a bagel instead. Ill definitely return but for sandwiches only. Stick with what I know and love.
5	Good quality sandwichPrice around $7 Very fresh
2	I had heard plenty of amazing comments and read raving reviews about this "EARL OF SANDWICH" venue, so this time around I finally decided to make room in my Vegas itinerary and add this on my "GO TO" list! The line wasn't long at all, which was good specially for someone who purposely starved herself to make room for these "amazing" sandwiches. Overall wait time is approx 10min or so. I was def appreciative with the fast service.Ordered the Broccoli Cheddar soup...It was on the watery side vs creamy and where's the cheese? Did it go missing in the casino? Took my first bite of my Tuna Sandwich with a smile on face since I waited so long to try this place --- I admit I was impressed on how fresh the bread was, as I continue to chew my smile turned into more like WTF was that.. the tuna..hmmm...I can honestly say I've had better and could make better!Few hours later GUESS what? I got sick --- the culprit! Earl of Sandwich, The Tuna? I think so...BAD BAD BAD first impression! Expectation: Extremely high thanks to delirious reviewers Experience: ehhhh! WTF!
3	My friends love this place, but for me it was just a typical sandwich joint. Although, the price was very reasonable compared to many Vegas deli. I had the The Full Montagu with freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the earl's mustard sauce. I thought the sandwich was pretty bland, i had to add additional deli mustard for flavor. The wait can be pretty long....
5	Until this past weekend, I had not had an Earl of Sanwhich since Walt Disney World's Downtown Disney in 2006, yet I still remember how tasty it was. When I heard they had put one in the Miracle Mile shops, I couldn't wait to try it again!We went this past Sunday night at 2:30 (ish) am and had it takeout in our rooms in bed, breakfast in bed style. I had The Full Montagu and my boyfriend had the Cannonballs (meatball). It was just as good as I remembered.Their sandwiches are simple, but that is what makes them so good. And at least with the warm sandwiches, they are amazing at making the bread crispy on the outside but gooey on the inside.   Earl is also pretty affordable, which is nice since Vegas can get a tad pricy. I highly recommend it for lunch, dinner, and late night!
5	I love this place.  Best sandwiches I have ever had I think.  PH is not my favorite place to gamble or stay but as far as food goes it has my two favorite quick eats spots on the strip in Earl and YOLOs.  I would suggest going to Earls at least once per Vegas trip and trying a new sandwich each time because they are all amazing.  My favorite thing to do is grab a sandwich and then walk 30 feet to the PH sports book and watch a bunch of games while I eat but you can definitely take these to go or eat at Earl of Sandwich too (they also have 1 TV).
4	It's located in the middle of the strip inside Planet Hollywood and have a variety of sandwiches. We had the chipotle chicken sandwich and it was delicious. This is definitely the place to go if you want something good, quick, and cheap.
4	Woooooooooo Earl of Sandwich!Love this little spot in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Shops. I've had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich as well as the Hawaiian BBQ. I wouldn't say these are the best sandwiches I've ever had (some of my friends are OBSESSED) but I definitely can't find anything to complain about. Such a tasty cheap lunch in Vegas when you're burnt on buffets and alcohol, and also a great fourth meal if your night calls for it ;)
4	Yummm I miss this place. I used to work at the 24-hour Starbucks inside of PH and would come here from time to time. The sandwiches are really good, but their soups are amazing. I would come anytime I wasn't feeling well to have some. Have the broccoli cheddar....YUM. My fiance and I moved to San Diego two years ago, when we came back to Vegas for a weekend, we had breakfast here both mornings. Their breakfast sandwiches are really good. It's pretty inexpensive compared to other "fast food" restaurants on the Strip. Also--it's 24 hours.
5	Your Vegas trip simply is not complete until you've had Earls. There are few foods in this world that taste just as magical sober as when you're drunk - Earls is one of them. Whether you're inebriated out of your mind and don't remember what you ordered, or whether you're savoring every bite, attempting to cure your Ciroc-induced hangover, it's a piece of miracle.THE MAC AND CHEESE IS THE BOMB.
4	I have heard so many good things about this place and finally had a chance to come here recently. Overall, its pretty good and I know I will want to come back every so often. First of all, the prices are very reasonable. All of their sandwiches, salads and wraps are priced at either $5.99 or $6.49. Don't be intimidated if you see a long line. The second time I came here, the line was so long that I thought for sure it would take me at least 30 minutes to get to the register and order. But that wasn't the case because the employees did a good job at keeping the line moving. The food didn't quite blow me away, but it was still pretty good. Definitely better than Subway, Quiznos, etc. I have tried the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. I felt that they were stingy with the turkey in the Club. I had maybe 2 thin slices in my sandwich. Unfortunately, you don't have a choice for your bread. It would be nice to have other options like wheat or cheese. But, the white bread was good enough - fresh and crispy on the outside. The chocolate chip cookie and brownie cream sandwich were tasty as well. Apparently the brownies here are made from Ghirardelli Chocolate! I usually take my order to go since all the tables are always occupied. Just an FYI - if you sign up for their eClub, you get a free sandwich on your birthday!
5	Will definitely visit this place every time I'm in Vegas! The best sandwiches hand down, I tried the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado and the Holiday Sandwich (turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberry sauce . . . both were excellent!
3	So I get there Wed after work around 6pm and No Line!!Ordered the Chipotle Chicken (which is the one of the favorite according the gal who was working the cashier)Small sandwich, about the size of the subway 6 inch.it was good but not wow - I had betterCost about $7 plus some penniesThey do open 24hrs so that a plus if your craving a sandwich in the middle of the night.
4	Pretty dang tasty sandwich. I had the original--which was simple and delicious as promised. The line moves quickly, so don't be intimidated if it looks long. I also had the brownie which was moist and sweet. I could see this place as being a regular spot especially for a late night. It's maybe a little hyped-up, but overall a good value and much better choice compared to some of the chain restaurants that are all along the strip.
5	I've tried Earl of Sandwich at Downtown Disney for first time and craving for next try. As planning for vegas, visiting earl of sandwich is one of my plan. I and my friends ordered original, full mantagu, tuna and earl's club. Their bread was chewy and tender.  full mantagu and original has juicy roast beef and tuna was also good flavor. Only the earl's club tasted like ordinary sandwich.  Everything was really good though. If you like horseradish sauce, you have to ask extra horseradish sauce at cashier for no charge.  It will make your taste bud happy for sure.  Located in Planet Hollywood. (our group walked about 15 min to try only this place and it was worth it.) Service is friendly.
5	Earl of Sammich is DANK! One of the only places on the strip that is delicious and affordable. This is my favorite place to go for food every time I go to Vegas!!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by everyone I know!
3	Not quite the towering deli sandwiches I dream of, but it'll do.  But Earl's is awesome in its own right for being open 24 hours, serving the madness and crazies that wander around Planet Hollywood way into the morning hours.The sandwiches themselves are pretty good.  I had the Jerk Chicken sandwich.  I liked the toasted bread the most, it gave the sandwich good texture.  Other than that, it was just a sandwich that tasted like any sandwich you can get from a TGIF kind of place.  Still, at less than $10, it is a steal of a quick meal down in the strip.
5	Excellent food, great location.  Will be going back when in Las Vegas
4	Oh Earl's, I finally get to try you! My friends and I roll into Vegas around 1:45PM and check into Vdara. We're STARVING from our drive from L.A. and head over to Earl's. Two of us got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (CCA) and our other friend ordered the Grilled Cheese from the kid's menu (she has the tiniest appetite in the world). The CCA was pretty delicious! It comes with bacon, which I'm not a huge fan of, but it provided a nice kick of salt. Not spicy enough for my liking, but the bread is SO GOOD OMG. Perfectly toasted with a nice crunch, but not too hard or chewy! My friend also really liked her Grilled Cheese. Its tiny, served on a small round bun with two kinds of cheeses.This location is speedy, you order and get a buzzer and they buzz you when it's ready to be picked up. Seating is a free for all, but we didn't have any problems finding a table.
4	Visited the Miracle Mile location in Las Vegas twice. My wife and I had dinner our first night - we just wanted something simple and inexpensive and the Earl provides said same.I ordered the Italian and was a bit surprised when it arrived warm - all the Earl 'signature' sandwiches are served panini style. As noted previously, the sandwich is about the size of a 6-inch Subway. I probably would have liked the sandwich better had the meats been cold as I was thinking more of a Hoagie style Italian. I also ordered the broccoli and cheddar soup - which was quite good.The next morning we had breakfast at the Earl of Sandwich - it is the only place in the Miracle Mile that opens before 7 AM - it's Vegas Baby - and my wife was attending a conference, so we needed an early breakfast. I had the egg, cheddar and bacon sandwich and my wife ordered the ham variation. Both were quite good.Fast service, reasonable prices and a decent sandwich makes the Earl worth a visit.
4	It's their bread that makes their sandwich awesome. I got the tuna~ but I'd recommend you get chicken or something else~ since tuna has nothing but tuna and cheese.
4	We ordered a number of sandwiches to go so that we would have lunch the following day at a conference we were attending.  We had the sad realization that many of the food options at the Rio closed at 1:00 PM!  Say what?!Sadly, we have no will power and could not wait. We started off with the Original (Roasted beef, sharp cheddar & horseradish sauce) - The horseradish was just the right amount to highlight the beef, nice subtle, but strong beef flavor, yum!We followed that with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, banana peppers & spicy jerk sauce) - really nice kick to it, made it a very nice contrast with the more laid back original.We continued on with the Full Montagu (Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce) - this was the weakest of the 3.  I really liked it the last time, but it did not compare to the other 2 we had.For breakfast tomorrow?  The Hawaiian BBQ (Grilled chicken, ham, Swiss, pineapple & Hawaiian BBQ sauce).  And yeah, no lunch tomorrow =(
3	I think this place is over-hyped, or maybe I'm not a big sandwich fan.
5	After a late night if drinking and gambling the hubby and I came across this place at 3 am... So glad that we did. The service was excellent, sandwich was amazing, fresh coffee, best way to end the night. Definitely will return next time we are in vegas.  Already craving the full montague and a club.
5	When I first read reviews on Yelp, I thought there would be know way a casual place on the strip would be this good for a really good price.Everything I've gotten, from their Italian sandwich to their classic, has always tasted perfect.  They butter and grill the sandwiches to perfection each time and just the right amount of dressing/sauce.  From what I recall sandwiches run around $7 which is a good price for something on the strip.  Considering that most of the McDonald's have inflated prices, this is a very good deal!
5	I made it a point to try here after reading all the reviews on Yelp and I am glad I did. When my wife and I got there, the place was packed but the line wasn't that bad.We decided to split an Earl's Club since we were planning to buffet it up later on that night. The sandwich was great, everything tasted awesome with crunchy/soft bread and delicious meat and cheese. It was overall a pretty simple sandwich but the flavors worked so good together and the quality just seemed higher than other sandwich shops that I have been to. Oh yeah the price is just right too, especially for Vegas in my opinion.
4	The line was fairly long, but it went fast. Don't let it deter you.The menu had me stuck in "decision mode" for a solid 20 minutes because they had so many delicious sounding choices (all for either $6 or $6.49, which is a great deal in Vegas).I eventually chose something with chicken and avocado and some other stuff (I don't really remember because I am/was probably drunk at the time).The sandwich was a LITTLE small, which is why I didn't give it 5 stars. Plus, the chicken tasted a little bit like those rubber cubes from Scrubway. But comparing those two, this easily blew it out of the water.The bread gave me an erection. Which was crazy because I for sure thought I had whiskey dick by this point. Nope.
2	It was okay, not what I expected.  The toasted bun was nice, but the flavor from the chipotle chicken was lacking.  Both of the ice machines were out of ice so the fountain drink was not very cold.  For the money, it could have been spent better elsewhere.
5	Best tuna melt ever
5	The best sandwiches that I have ever had, hands down.  This shop is actually a big reason that we book our rooms at Planet Hollywood.  Breakfast sandwiches are amazing.  We actually go to restaurants for drinks and then to Earl of Sandwich for dinner.  :)
4	I'm not a huge fan of sub sandwiches or sandwich shops in general but EoS hit the spot for a quick bite before a night of debauchery. The Chipotle Chicken Avocado hot sandwich was just delicious. I seriously considered coming back for seconds when we rolled back in to Planet Hollywood at 5am!
5	After nearly 2700 reviews for Earl, I doubt I'll say anything you haven't read yet so I'll keep this short(er) and sweet.  These sandwiches are truly some of the most flavorful I've ever had.  Presentation is awesome, great variety of healthy options here and a lot of fun side/dessert items.  I did feel the pricing for the sandwiches is a little high as they aren't large sandwiches, but you pay nearly $7 for them.  I can get a foot long at Subway for $5, but the taste of the sandwiches makes up for the cost and are probably proportionate portion sizes for what we should all eat for a sandwich.  You will enjoy!
4	After partying all night Friday / Saturday, I woke up Sunday afternoon craving a sandwich. I've heard great things about Earl's so I decided to trek over to Planet Hollywood and check it out. When I arrived around 12pm the line had no less than 20 people AND every table was taken. The line actually moves really fast, so don't let this deter you. I was at the counter placing my order within 12 minutes flat. I literally spent my time in line scanning the menu and trying to make a decision...everything looks so freakin good!  Sandwich: I had the Original Earl's Club - Turkey, bacon, Swiss, sandwich sauce, lettuce & tomato. Bread is soft and crunchy and the ingredients are fresh. Most definitely better than any other chain sandwich joint. Soup: If you even remotely like tomato soup you MUST try Earl's! The consistency is more like a bisque and it has massive homemade croutons mixed in. Perfect cure for any hangover! Prices are super reasonable - my order came up to about $10...not bad for a good hearty lunch in Vegas.
5	Great value in a town where most places gouge you!  Had the Full Montagu and it was deeeeelicious and filling (even for a big guy like me!).  A great part for me was that the bread was substantial enough to hold the sandwich without being overdone... so few sandwich places hit the sweet spot, but they sure did!  The seating area was packed, but I think that's a testament to how good their sandwiches are.
5	I love the flavors of this place and the location. Good sandwiches and the Pleasure Pit--can I ask for more? Quick tips first though!1. There is a parking structure that enters into the rear of the Miracle Mile Shops.2. Earl of Sandwich is located near the entrance of the casino via Las Vegas Blvd.3. If you're taking the walkway, the shop is on the first floor. There is no direct elevator down to the first floor from the second floor shops! Use the escalator. Walk past, til you see Pinks and go into the doors of Planet Hollywood.Earl of Sandwich is one of our favorite stops in Vegas. The food is really great, the service is pretty fast, and the prices are really good--at least for Vegas. My favorite sandwich here is the Hawaiian Chicken. MAN the sauce is amazing on it and the pineapple slice along with the melted cheese is almost heavenly. Whenever my girlfriend and I come, we always order at least one Hawaiian Chicken sandwich.We've also had the Earl Club, the Chipotle Chicken, and the Full Montagu. The first two sandwiches are good, though the Earl Club is a little too over the top with the sandwich sauce that they provide. It can get a little too messy and salty or it can be awesome and just right. The Chipotle Chicken is great too with a lovely chipotle sauce as well as avocados and bacon. The only thing we would not really recommend is the Full Montagu, just not as flavorful for us. The great thing about Earl of Sandwich is that their breads are toasted and rolled out of the machine on the spot. In fact you can watch them make your sandwich and roll it out on the grilling rack.One of the things that I like is that even when the line is long, I can expect to wait maybe 10 minutes or so before ordering. The food is quick to come out as well. The only thing I would possibly say is an issue is that the service people may appear to be a little bit snippy when you're ordering a sandwich. This can be forgiven since I know that they deal with some fairly obnoxious guests that can be a little too drunk.Anyways, the prices are what makes this place really special. Realistically, $6.49 (Hot) or $5.99 (cold) sandwiches would be nothing to go on about in LA or in any other city for that matter, especially when you consider that the size of the sandwiches are not gargantuan and may be even on the small side. However, being that it is 1. in Vegas and 2. in a casino, the prices that they set are pretty budget. I love this place just for the fact that my girlfriend and I can get full off of $20.I just want to point out though that besides the sandwiches, we have also tried some desserts that they offer. My girlfriend swears by the chocolate brownie. I'm not a brownie person myself, but I can agree that it is rich and definitely chocolatey. Hope you guys can try it out for yourself!
5	Come here for sammich bread! It just melts in your mouth!24-hours and wallet friendly!
4	Got the "chikn/ avo/ chipotle" delicious. My husband got 2 because he couldn't choose: the montagu & the original...both were good. I really enjoyed a bite of his "original"
3	Cheap (for vegas), on the strip (in planet hollywood) and open 24 hours. That alone makes this place a staple of anyone partying Vegas. While I admit that I have been there a bunch of times,I won't go out of my way to come here. The sandwiches are tasty and come in a variety of favorites, but none of them really made me think "I need to come back the next time I'm in Vegas".Tuna Melt - Good stuff. Warm, slightly gooey and hearty. I do make sure to add some hot sauce or horseradish because the sandwich is a bit one noteItalian - All the standard italian meats plus capicola, which is my favorite. A bit of a kick with the acid and spicesHawaiian BBQ - The most memorable of the sandwiches I've eaten. The sweetness and tangyness of the sauce and pineapple is great. The chicken is tender. One of my favoritesThe Original - Classic roast beef. The beef is tender but a bit dry sometimes. The horseradish adds a much needed kick to an otherwise simple flavor profile. I wish it came with some kind of au jusThe bread for the sandwiches is fantastic though. Soft interior with a slightly crispy exterior. Great contrast. Overall, a place I'd hit up if I'm hungry, poor and on that side of the strip.
4	Awesome food, great prices! I ordered the Full Montague which is a lovely hot sandwich stuffed with roast beef, turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato and Earl's mustard. This hot sandwich is $7 and will definitely cure your late night sandwich craving. Earl of Sandwich gets you in and out quick with great prices and excellent food. The only complaint I have is I wish the sandwich was a little larger.
5	First time I had Earls was a few years ago when i came down with family. It was yummy then and its still yummy now! This place is a thumbs up and def must try. Come get your sandwich! toasted just right and so delicious!
3	Found place through Yelp...ordered the full montagu and the american - both sandwiches priced at 6.50 a pop which is very attractive in Vegas! Both sandwiches were toasted, looked a bit sloppy, but tasted great! Very close to the Paris hotel...where we stayed. Good drunk munchies wallet friendly cool people with the same mindset as you.
5	Hell yeah.Want a sandwich?Get one here.Awesome in so many ways.  Tasty, portioned right, consistent, timely, and all with a friendly staff.  Been here dozens upon dozens of times and it always delivers on all levels.Thank you, and please continue.
5	Perhaps because it was 3am....perhaps because it was delectable....perhaps because I was inebriated....perhaps because it was very reasonably priced (2 sandwiches for less than $15). You get the drift.  For my money, this is a must visit for every future Vegas trip. Note: I've only experienced the Planet Hollywood location.
4	Earl, you have officially become one of my favorite sandwich shops.  Instead of going to the one in Anaheim, which is 10 minutes from the office, I go to the one that is 250 miles away in Planet Hollywood.  Great breakfast sandwiches.  The BLT, which I haven't had in over 20 years, was great.  I had two of them in two days.  The wife and child liked their ham and cheese sandwiches.  The breakfast sandwiches are only $3.99.  You cannot get a better deal for breakfast.   I should have gotten my coffee here instead of Starbucks and the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf where it costs over $4 for a cup of coffee.  Here at the Earl of Sandwich, it was only $1.99!   I'm definitely coming back!
5	I love that this place is open 24 hours a day. Probably the best sandwich of Las Vegas on the strip. I had their sandwich 3 times during my entire trip. Each trying something different. All of their sandwiches are great. Didn't have to worry about any peanut allergies. Seating area gets pretty packed for lunch. Food comes out very quickly even though they give you a buzzer. I would probably say wait time from ring up to pick up is about 3 minutes. This is a must try when your in Vegas.
5	I ordered The Full Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ and Tuna Melt ^_^
5	The other reviewers are spot-on on this place.  You'd think it is just a typical sandwich place if you didn't know it was a gem.  The food stands out though.  You'll go back once you try it.  There are so many choices and so far every one of them was good.
5	This is always  my #1 stop in Vegas. The best sandwiches in the whole wide world. The fact that it is open all the time is amazing!! Great place to grab a cheap bite to eat! And you always meet the coolest people in line. The staff has always been super friendly too!!
1	Gross sandwich
4	I feel like I come here at least once every Vegas trip.The sandwiches are fresh and good for someone on a budget in Vegas.I've tried a lot of their sandwiches, like the full montagu, earl's club, etc., but I think my favorite so far would be the caribbean jerk chicken! It's tangy from the banana peppers, which I love, so if you don't like tangy foods, you might not like this sandwich. I feel like some of the sandwiches, like the full montagu, are a little too salty for my taste. The first time I came here, I would have given this place 4 stars just based on taste alone. But now, I'm slowly getting over it (probably because I ate it so much haha) and it wouldn't be my first choice to eat in Vegas anymore. But it still gets 4 stars because it's treated me so well in the past and the price is affordable! **TIP: There's usually a long line, so be prepared to wait! The line moves fairly fast though.
4	Full Montagu! Everything about this sandwich is perfection.  From the bread, to the deli meat, to the mustard, to the cheese, everything is perfect.  I'm going to make sure I stop by Earl of Sandwich each and every time I visit Las Vegas.  It's open 24 hours and is incredibly affordable.  The only downside is finding seating during peak hours.
4	I came here with my aunt and uncle.  I had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado my aunt had the All American.  I tried both and they were delicious.  I could hurt myself with sandwiches like these.  I will be back
5	Let me preface this by saying that I am not ordinarily a sandwich person. But everytime I am in Vegas, I cannot come here enough. Which means  two or three times in a two day period.As many others have mentioned, it is cheap. It is also insanely delicious. The location is convenient, and no matter what you order you will be satisfied.  The breakfast sandwiches are awesome too, the perfect cure for the common Vegas hangover. I always grab one before heading to the airport. Does the trick.
5	I was staying at the Elara Hilton and walking through the casino and miracle miles pretty intoxicated. I saw Earl of Sandwich and thought this place is open 24/7 and there is massive people here it must be good ! Waited in line for about 5 minutes and decided on a classic BLT. Man, that sandwich was TASTY. I finished it before going back to my room. It was only 6.95 which is a steal for what other sandwiches I could have gotten as well. The bread was soooo good and the bacon was perfect. Will recommend this to anyone on a budget, drunk or who just wants a sandwich that inst made by a "artist" . SOLID 5 STAR
5	This is by far one of the best sandwiches I have ever had...Do not underestimate the magic of Earl... your mouth will water while you're waiting in line and you will leave in pure delight and orgasmic pleasure.Two word of advice: TUNA MELT!
5	Hands down the best sandwich in Vegas. If this little gem wasn't located on the strip, I'd be a regular.Fresh baked artisan breads, tasty meats, a variety of specialty sandwiches, freshly made potato and macaroni salads.There really isn't much more to add that hasn't been stated by other Yelpers! Earl is a tasty sandwich with a great portion size (not too big and not too small).
5	Yumyum! Solid staple of Vegas for a quick, cheap, and really good bite to eat pre-clubbing. I like the combination of the nicely melted inside ingredients with the toasted bread.
5	love this place best sandwich place in vegas
4	It is a tradition almost to many people to come here and get Earl. I have not tried all the sandwiches yet. Their sandwiches are unique. The bread is what makes this sandwich for me. Hot, crisp, and not too thick. I found the Tuna to be too creamy for my taste. The Montague is the way to go! The sandwich looks tiny but it easily filled me up. I eat half each time. Best drunk food to absorb all the alcohol!
5	The service was fast and friendly. I was amazed by the options available on the menu. The the food seemed to be fresh, and high-quality and the price was great, especially in comparison to the other choices of the same caliber in the Las Vegas Strip area. I would definitely go back!
5	Earls Sandwich... it's simply THE BEST!!!!!!  Awhile I was in Las Vegas, friends and I stopped by here to grab a bite.  Everything was incredibly delicious!  After painting the town with fond memories, we made a trip back the same night to have some more!  And also stopped by the next morning to grab some for the road home!  Since I'm from Orange County, we found out a new location was opening in Downtown Disney and couldn't wait for it to open!
5	AMAGAD, I HAVE TO GO HERE EVERYTIME I'M IN VEGAS!!!  I haven't come to Vegas once without making at least one stop here for a sandwich.The Tuna Melt is TO DIE FOR.  Add plenty of black pepper in the sandwich, and maybe some Tobasco here and there, and I am IN HEAVEN!!!  It's my must-get sandwich for sure.I also really, really love the Caribbean Jack Chicken and Hawaiian BBQ, with lots of Tobasco as well.  SO SO YUMMMMMMYYYY.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it, hahaha.  I feel like every bite of the sandwich just melts into my mouth deliciously!!!
5	Ever since my brother had turned us onto this place a couple years ago, we crave sandwiches from this place quite frequently...it is both good and bad that we do not live nearby.  Open 24 hours located inside Planet Hollywood, there is almost always a line, but moves very quickly.  They give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready.  The staff are efficient, the assembly line moves so quickly, there really is not a need for friendliness, especially since the menu is self explanatory.  Our favorites are The Original with baked-to-order bread, horseradish sauce and a good amount of roast beef and cheese piled on, for $6.95.  The bf enjoys the tuna melt.  They also have seasonal items for the winter such as macaroni and cheese, which we did not get to try and the Chicken Promodoro, which had this amazing pesto on it.  They also have brownies and cookies for the sweet tooth.  Since this place is walking distance from our timeshare and it serves delicious sandwiches along with our 10% discount, it is the ultimate yummy and quick go to meal for us.
5	A staple for any Vegas visit. The baked to order bread is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. My favorite is the All American and a side of tomatoe soup. The lines can be ridiculous sometimes
5	My friends and I almost come here every time we come to Vegas.  Sandwiches are cheap yet super filling, and there is a wide variety as well.  Although there's a fairly long line every time I've come here, it goes by pretty quickly and you don't wait too long for your order too.  I suggest this place if you want to grab a quick meal and don't want to spend much (especially in Vegas).  There's also a large seating area so you can also enjoy your sandwich right then and there.
5	Ah absolutely nothing better at 5 AM when I'm in who-knows-what dimension. If their sandwiches had vaginas then women wouldn't matter. It's Vegas, baby!
4	Good sandwich for a midnight run.  Recommend this place without any reservations whatsoever.  Inexpensive sandwiches that are packed with a lot of flavor.  Come here anytime of the day as I believe it is a 24-hour run establishment.
5	Whenever I visit Vegas (once or twice a year) I always intend on coming to Earl for their sandwich but never do because of their ridiculous line. So after this past Vegas trip for spring break with the girls we ended up staying at Planet Hollywood for a week.Let me just say that for a week of staying here, me and my girlfriend ate here 5x in a row and made sure to buy 3 sandwiches before we headed back home to Hawaii. I've only tried the tuna melt because everything else sounded delicious but it contained meat in them (I'm a pescinarian). For about $7.00 a sandwich which is a huge and incredibly delicious sandwich it'll leave you tummy full, your mouth happy and you wanting and craving for more. I like that the workers are very fast in making the sandwiches, they line does look long but it moves pretty fast. They do have a small dining area but we only did takeout so we could bring it back upstairs to our room. I like the fact that they only use one type of bread which is good so it doesn't leave you with thoughts of "what bread should I get" "Will this bread be good". It's perfectly toasted to perfection and the tuna and Swiss cheese just blends so well in the sandwich...*so simple but good*. Friends tried the breakfast sandwich and he said it was yummy and another friend tried the American and she said it was perfect! But she still liked the tuna melt the best. Now I know when I'm in Vegas, EARL of sandwich is a MUUST go to especially because they are always open.
5	After reading the reviews before arriving in Vegas, my finace and I knew we had to stop.  OMG!! Amazing.  They par-bake the bread so when they cook it through the impinger - it tastes like it was freshly baked!!  CHEAP TOO!!!!! After losing most of our $$ in Vegas this was a great option!
5	Yummy sandwiches, lots of variety, very fair pricing. Open 24 hours!  However, the one at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile serves better sandwiches than the newer one at the Palms.  I think the Palms location is  still working out the kinks.
5	Chicken chipotle avocado is my all time favorite here :).I always look forward to going here every time I come to Vegas. It's inside planet Hollywood. Although the line is sometimes really long, the service is really fast! I love how efficient this place is. You order, bring your receipt to the register and pay! The register will give you this buzzer thing where it will vibrates when your food is ready. I've tried five different sandwiches already and loved all of them!!   I'm never disappointed every time I get a chance to eat here.For my last Vegas trip (two weeks ago). My friends and I would come here for dinner and order a sandwich haha. We would eat half of it there and save the other half to eat after clubbing! It is still amazing after a couple of hours :). Earls after a night of drinking is super awesome! If you and your friends are not as lazy as I am , you guys can just come here after the club ends instead of saving your sandwich from dinner because this place is open 24 hours! Ammmmazzzinnnnggggg :)
5	despite the strange name, this place was pretty awesome. get the full montagu
3	I imagine this place is always packed, but they move you through fast. I had a great hot chicken sandwich with avocado - everything was super fresh and the price was spot on. Nothing in particular blew me away, but this is something reliable and cheap to eat in Vegas.
4	Surprisingly good food.
4	Who would have thought you could buy a very good $7 meal on the strip in Vegas? I certainly did not. But it is true and you can do it 24/7.I won't recommend any specific type of sandwich as I have never had a bad one. I have never tried their soups or desserts but they look very good as well. They have a fairly large seating area but it is very often full.The staff is trained well as the line moves quickly and they seem happy to serve you.If you are looking for a quick, very inexpensive meal on the strip-this is your place.
5	I usually hate sub sandwich places, but this is as good as it gets.Would stop by here after work sometimes, and grab a sandwich. My favorite is the holiday turkey one, it's actually the only one I get.It has turkey, cranberries, and stuffing jammed between two doughy pieces of bread, a match made in heaven.The service is fast, despite how busy they get sometimes. I recommend everyone swing by this place and give it a whirl.
3	Its cheap eats for being on the strip, but I thought it was way over hyped.  Maybe its cause i'm from Chitown and we have so many sandwich places everywhere.  I can get a sandwich like theirs at Potbellys and many more.
5	As I said in my last review, when I come back to Vegas I will for sure come back & GUESS WHAT?! I did :)Again, I gave up meat for Lent so I couldn't get what I got last time which was oh-so-yummers (the chicken chipotle avocado) so I decided on the CAPRESE (I think that's what it's called) & it was so yummy! I ate the WHOLE sandwich, yup. Quite a feat for me, if you knew me. Yes I went here after leaving Pure so I was 'Happy Camille.' Either way, I am so glad that they have vegetarian alternatives that taste just as good as their regular meat sandwiches :)
5	YUM!  Best sandwich in Vegas, very long line but it moves quick.  Neither me or my cousin were disappointed with how everything we got tasted.  Price is good, food was good, stop complainin!
4	This place is great. For a cheap meal at any time 6am, 6pm, after a club, for breakfast etc. This is the place, only downside, pretty long line.Amazing sandwiches make the wait worthwile
4	Finally  a decent sandwich place! Reasonable prices too!! Try the "Original"....
3	I was really excited to try Earl of Sandwich, since everyone has been talking about how delicious it is and how it's a must esp. when you're drunk, lol.LOCATION-------------------------My friends and I went here because it is conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shop which is connected to our hotel in Elara! It seems, that this location can get incredibly busy, but their workers are pretty fast with taking orders & prepping the sandwich. They have a system that works since we didn't have to wait so long for our foods! OH, and I guess they are open 24 hours!FOOD-------------------------My best friend and I had to try the Caribbean Jerk Chicken since it stood out to us the most and.... well she hasn't had "jerk chicken" before!I'd say this place is pretty cheap compared to other places on the strip! Me being a newbie expected it to be some big sandwich, but it's actually small, but good. It isn't the greatest or a five star sandwich in my opinion but it was good for the price and it's something that will fill you up if you are looking for a quick meal!SERVICE-------------------------I did mention their fast service here above which I thought was great! The cashier during our visit had mistakenly entered my friend's order,... which resulted to one of the managers yelling at him in front of us... *AWKWARD*. We all thought the yelling was unnecessary especially in front of customers. I didn't think the manager at that time responds well to pressure and the how busy they got.Would I return? Absolutely! I wanna try their other sandwiches, and will definitely go for the ones my friends had recommended next time!
5	My girlfriends and I came here anticipating a looong wait because everyone and their MOMS were here on Saturday afternoon, but were pleasantly surprised by the efficiency of the staff and the speed with which we ordered and received our food. We ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich, The Original, and the Chipotle chicken. Jamaican Jerk Chicken-sweet, tangy, spicyChipotle chicken-smokey, tangy, and flavorfulThe Original-juicy roast beef with horseradish sauce and cheesechocolate brownie-gooey, chocolatey, and crispy. very tasty. It's so hard to pick a favorite. In our fast-paced world where the goal is always optimization and finding the best of one thing, it is hard to resist the idea of comparing. But I will take the more mindful route and simply say that they were all tasty in their own way and that you cannot go wrong when you come to Earl of Sandwich!
5	VEGAS VEGAS VEGAS!!!! I LOSE SO MUCH DAMN MONEY EVERY TIME I GO TO VEGAS!!!!!Earl of Sandwich helps my wallet by being cheaper than most every food on the strip yet somehow matching and often surpassing that same aforementioned food.Each sandwich tastes great, so don't worry about which one to get. Just get a cheap sandwich ($5 to $7) or three, go to your room (if you still have one), and grub down while tears of joy (delicious sandwich) and depression (where's my money?!?!) roll down your face. Lines are long, most of the time, so try not to go crazy with all of the Vegas sounds destroying your senses.
2	Rather than give this place one star -- which my sandwich warranted -- I give it two based on my side:  a salad of generous proportion with a variety of ingredients.But I didn't stop in for the salad.  I wanted a good sandwich.  And that isn't what I got.  I ordered a hot roast beef sandwich.  (I believe it's called 'The Original'.)  The first bite was all gristle.  So was the second -- throw in a vein or two.  Why I didn't return this mess is beyond me.  Instead, I filled the bread, which was actually pretty good, with the salad -- and paid too much for what amounted to lettuce and tomato on bread.
4	I've finally discovered MY EARL's SANDWICH!Chipotle Chicken! OMG where do I even start, the chicken was so juicy and flavorful, and that chipotle sauce was amazing. I also love to add tabasco for some extra spiciness. Earl's overall though is also great! Service is super fast, and it's super conveniently located in the middle of the Las Vegas strip! So if you're on the go, and need a quick bite to eat this is the place.Warning: Gets super packed fast, and there can be a long line, especially during summer with no open tables :(
5	Let me tell you this place knows how to do sandwiches! It's open pretty much all the time and almost always has a line which is a sign of a good restaurant (usually). Man the bread was so good it was crispy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. Everything one would expect in a delicious sando. Definitely visit this place- you can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, both my boyfriends and mine were really amazing! The salads looked a little package-y and not so fresh but I didn't have that I went for sandos and chips and those were super YUM
4	I had an extremely drunken encounter with Earl a few years ago and remember it being divine. I was finally staying at Planet Hollywood and found myself back there. There's always a line, so don't despair. It moves fairly quickly. I think we were in and out in about 15-20 minutes. That time gives you the perfect amount of time to read enough reviews to make you think, Tuna Melt? Really!? Of all the delicious meats they have, everyone wants to rave about the Tuna Melt? That must be a damn good tuna melt. And as you wrestle with your manhood, can I still be a man and order a tuna melt? and you wrestle with the 20 minutes of your life you're not going to get back that you stood in line to order a tuna melt, you come to one of two realizations. 1. Ain't nobody got time for that!~ (a la Sweet Brown) or 2. That must be a damn good tuna melt~ (a la Pulp Fiction). I went with the latter and was not disappointed. That was easily the best damn tuna melt I ever had. I highly recommend it. I'll be back for a tuna melt and something more manly, but it will happen. My wife got the caprese and she loved it. I had a few bites and it was good, but not great. GO HERE. EAT. BE HAPPY.
4	Very good sandwiches, my wife and i ordered two diff sandwiches and a split em. Service is very fast considering the 24/7 long lines. The best part about this place is the location, it is right across the way from the PH sports book!
4	So a friend of mine tagged herself here last year and I thought the name was pretty catchy so I made it a goal to check it out. I've been 3 times now... Dec (2012) and March & April (2013).=========LOCATION=========It's located in PLANET HOLLYWOOD, right on the strip. It's kind've a mall food court type of atmosphere. Long SUBWAY type make-line, big dining area.=========THE SUBS=========~ EARL'S CLUB - Turkey, bacon, Swiss, sandwich sauce, lettuce & tomato. This was really amazing and out of the 5+ sandwiches I've tried... it was definitely the best. (5/5)~ CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO - Grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce. I tried this my first time there back in December. The FULL MONTAGUE was disappointing and while sitting there I saw this had avocado, chipotle sauce and bacon... some of my favorite things. It was really good. (4/5)~ ITALIAN - Salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, mozzarella, tomato & Italian dressing. This looks pretty simple and there's not of a "sandwich" taste since there's not many veggies... but the meats and cheese a delicious. Fattening but delicious. (4/5)http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Gtr6DZwXXssXth-mQBiekg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA~ CHICKEN PESTO POMODORO - Grilled chicken, Swiss cheese, tomato, basil pesto and basil leaves. It was a WINTER SEASONAL limited time advertised sub when I went in April of 2013. It was pretty good. (4/5)http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MN3CVnevnkfo0GryLNjunQ&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA~ THE FULL MONTAGUE - Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. According to YELP, this was their best sandwich. It was good, but just not really for me. (3/5)~ BROWNIE - This was pretty subpar. It was a brownie. Not good, not terrible... not worth it. (2/5)~ CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE -  It was pretty disgusting. Took one bite, putrid. Tried a second bite... tossed it. (1/5)===============FINAL THOUGHTS===============All-in-all this place is a 3 STARS. The subs are good but only 6-inches and for $6-each... it's a bit pricey. HOWEVER it's Vegas where $6.00 is a deal... so it gets a bonus point for that. All of their sandwiches are pretty good, haven't had a bad one yet. Plus all their sandwiches are hot ones. Do I prefer SUBWAY over this place. Sure... but it's still pretty good.Last off stay away from the sides / snacks, they're terrible. And $6 for a 12oz bottle of Blue Moon? Walk down about 100 yards to the store that sells the souvenirs and alcohol and you can get a 22oz GIANT Blue Moon for $3.50.---------------------------*EDIT -  Next time I'm in Vegas I need to try... THE CARRIBEAN JERK CHICKEN and THE ORIGINAL 1762.
4	Thought this place was going to be packed when we got there and have a price hike for being on the strip. I was wrong! Prices are good, line isnt really that bad and its a good sandwich! I'll come again, and again, and again. for a quick snack when I'm cruising the strip!
4	Great sandwich and great price!!
4	Yummy- that is allCaribbean jerk- spicy and sweet. Totally a different samich. Earl's club- tasty. Bacon is not in strips but cut up so you get some in each bite. One thing- its super loud.
5	This place is a must have every time i go to Vegas. It doesn't matter what you order everything is good here. They are also open late which is prefect for Vegas.
5	24 hours. You can phone in your order if you don't want to wait in the long lines. But even though the lines are long, the food is worth it twice fold. This is the kind of place you give into the food, throw out your calorie counting habit, and just enjoy all that is in the creations of Earl of Sandwich.You have to try the tuna melt. Seriously. You will love that sandwich more than the smartphone in your hand you're using to read this review. Like my favorite Yelper Natalie M. said: "BEST TUNA MELT....LIKE....EVER!" I'm just waiting for Cali to catch on and bring this bad boy over!
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood and this place was conveniently located at my hotel. I guess the only reason why this place is so highly reviewed is because it is the only place that I know of that is open 24/7. This place is pretty crowded in the wee mornings when people head out of the clubs. The line is long but it moves quickly. I went there three times when I was in Vegas for 4 days. The sandwiches are warm and toasty and very filling. I got the Full Montagu which comes with roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. It is pretty tasty and I definitely want to try their other sandwiches. One of my fave things that I got was the brownie peanut butter creme sandwich. The brownie is soft and the peanut butter goes perfectly with the chocolate goodness. I bought two more for my ride back haha.**TIPS**1) The desserts just sit there as you wait in line. I recommend the brownie peanut butter creme sandwich!2) Enjoy!
4	really good sandwiches - but what i really enjoy are there homemade desserts! (& kona coffee)
5	I've never had a bad meal at any location.  One of my favorite sandwich places.   I recommend the Original, The Club, The Full Montagu, and the Ham n Swiss.  Their house brand chips are also excellent.  If you're ever near one, definitely give it a shot.
5	I'm not even a Vegetarian but I could eat a Caprese Sandwich here everyday for the rest of my life and be satisfied.
5	why are you even reading a review for this place!!!just freaking go there and eat a damn sandwich and you will see!!!!!
4	A-mazing sandwiches! I went there one night during a club-hopping break, and I loved it! I even went back to make sure it wasn't the alcohol talking. Nope, just as delicious sober as the first time.I have been back several times and have had several breakfast and hot sandwiches. My favorite thing is the Earl Grey Lemonade. It's half lemonade, half iced tea. So glad they have a delicious alternative to soda!If you go for the first time, don't get scared off by the long line. It moves really fast, and it's totally worth it!
4	My hotel was close to Planet Hollywood on the LV strip. If I got hungry late night or early in the morning, Earl of Sandwich was my go to spot. Earl of Sandwich was open 24 hours. I took full advantage of the late hours. I never knew about Earl of Sandwich until I visited Vegas. I ordered a variety of sandwiches off the menu doing my stay in Las Vegas(breakfast & lunch). I enjoyed every sandwich I ate at EOS. Cheap, fast, and delicious is a combination you can't beat on the LV strip. Earl of Sandwich was crowded during certain hours of the day and night. A couple of times, I had very long waits to get my sandwiches. Earl of Sandwich is good bang for your buck. If you're looking for a quality cheap sandwich in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a great choice. Note: Earl of Sandwich is a good choice for after the club eats. I give Earl of Sandwich a 4.5 rating.
4	My first ever experience with Earl was in Vegas and it was awesome! The line wasn't too bad late night after we left the club. I got the chipotle chicken with avocado, delicious! The other sandwiches my friends got were good as well (can't remember which ones). Tried getting sandwiches for lunch which I don't recommend...the line was very very long! Definitely recommend this place for a quick, delicious fix at a great price.
4	Great sandwich on the strip that doesn't break the bank! Great selections of sandwiches and salads. Super fresh and very yummy!
5	Whats there to say that hasnt already been said? Fav is the menage trois
5	SO GOOD. I was a little skeptical as to how good this place would be, but I came here sober and it was even more amazing. I had the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado, and it was delicious! The bread is good, and the sauce is so yummy. Definitely try it out if you're around!!!!! I will most definitely be coming here every time I hit up Vegas.
5	You read the reviews and think, whatever it's just a sandwich place. But this sandwich is more than just a sandwich. It's an amazing experience between two slices of heavenly tasting bread. Be sure you try it out if you're ever looking for food in the Planet Hollywood area. The Mantugo was definitely one of my favorites (also got the All American and the Cobb Salad as a wrap). They were all pretty amazing and will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My first time here was a move to get something in my stomach before heading to a lounge for the night. I opted for this casual quick stop over a heavily priced sit down restaurant elsewhere in the area. I'm glad I did! I have been back since then just to see if my thoughts on this joint were skewed by me just being hungry to the point where a boiled shoe would have been good. Nope, not at all. Don't let the line turn you away, it moves quickly
4	Quick place to stop for a yummy sandwich!
5	The reason why I am extremely adamant about staying in Planet Hollywood is the fact that it is a few drunken steps away from this Godsend. My friend and I have purposely planned our Vegas adventure around this restaurant.We got dinner at Earls, went clubbing, and planned to leave the club early to get Earls before we crashed.The place is opened 24 hours (HALLELUJAH) and there is rarely that bad of a wait, even when the line is out the door. I would highly recommend the Thanksgiving Dinner sandwich (though I think it is only seasonal)
4	If you want fast & tasty food, this is the spot. I've had many of the sandwiches on the menu and haven't had one that I didn't like. Note: Be prepared to stand in line, it's a popular spot.
5	Many a drunken sandwich has been consumed here at Earl of Sandwich, but plenty of sober ones have passed my lips as well. Hands down the best sandwich is the chipotle chicken with avocado. The flavors all go so perfectly together. Such a simple sandwich and yet so yummy. The bread is always warm and tastes fresh. Ditto for the meat. Even the little baked goods they keep at the counter are delicious. I got a brownie the last time I was there and it was the perfect end to my meal.
4	Went to the Marquee and must have afterwards hit up this spot. Only reason I remembered is because I woke up on the couch with a half-eaten one in my hand. And it still tasted great...
4	The sandwiches here are really juicy and the bread is always perfect, I really enjoyed it.  Whenever I walk by planet Hollywood I stop in and grab one Togo.  A bit pricey but what n you expect, it is on the strip.
5	I've heard many a story about the Earl of Sandwich and am so happy to have finally tried this delectable sandwich shop for myself. Delicious!!!My friend and I walked to Planet Hollywood from the MGM simply for lunch at Earl of Sandwich. While waiting in line, I perused the menu and decided to try the Full Montagu (subbing extra turkey for the roast beef). The warm bread, turkey, cheese (Swiss and cheddar), lettuce and tomato were all fresh and complemented each other perfectly. The "mustard sauce" that comes on the sandwich seemed a little too sweet (perhaps honey mustard) so I added a bit of dijon from the table and it added the right amount of kick. I'm not usually one to eat my entire meal in one sitting but it was so tasty that I couldn't put it down (plus, my room didn't have a fridge so I didn't have much choice...no way I was throwing this out!). At $6.50, the price was very reasonable, especially for a spot on the Strip in Vegas. I added a bag of chips to my order for $1.25 (also a great price!. While the restaurant looked crowded, they are very efficient at moving the line through quickly. Order at the first stop, pay at the second and then you receive a beeper for when you're sandwich is ready for pick up. Only downside is that the closest Earl of Sandwich is in Anaheim at Downtown Disney. But on the plus side, I have a Disney pass and hope to stop by on my next trip north!
5	On our first trip to las vegas we called in planet hollywood looking for something to eat at 3am in the morning ,being a bit worse for drink i managed to order the beef sandwich and tomato soup . Thinking i only thought it the best sandwich id ever had coz i was drunk we called the following aftrenoon and i wasnt wrong it was the best ,we have called everytime we'v been in vegas but not every day if thats what you thinking. Love vegas .
4	Oh yeah!  This place is awesome!  It's open late at night too!  I tried four of their sandwiches, my favorite being "the italian."I've also tried the tuna melt, the earl's club, and the main earl's roast beef sandwich.  They're all good.  The bread is perfectly toasted.  Reasonable price.  If you come to las vegas and are looking for a cheap meal/snack, don't miss this place!!!
3	After reading many reviews from several sites and articles as well as from word of mouth of friends, we decided to give this place a try since we were staying at the hotel upstairs. The long line was a sure sign of this establishment's popularity and reputation for what must have been one of the best sandwiches ever right? Well, imo it was okay. I must say tho that for me the fresh baked bread was the savior of the sandwich. Sorry Earl, I'm saving my tummy for the many other eateries in lv.
2	Let's start with this: please inform me when my sandwich is going to be smothered butter. That seems logical, right? But no where does it say "Our sandwiches are all lathered with butter".Nothing against toasted bread with butter one it- I would just prefer not to have the taste of my sandwich overcome with grease.I got the Caprese Sandwich- tomato, mozzarella, basil, and balsamic vinegar, oh, and a crap ton of butter. The flavors were overwhelmed with the butter, and really took away the great taste. Well, what should have been a great taste really. The tomatoes seem alright, but the basil was lacking and the cheese just didn't have the fresh mozzarella taste to it. My boyfriend had been here before and had the same problem; greasy sandwich, not so tasty ingredients, but we came back to try it anyways. Same thing really. I guess I may try one more time, if I am just passing by and really hungry, and get a sandwich WITHOUT butter, if that is possible.
3	After hearing so many people rave about Earl of Sandwich, I was expecting something out of this world. I think a lot of the hype comes from the relatively cheap prices and how it's open 24 hours. Overall, it's a good sandwich, but definitely not the best I've ever had!My favorite part about the sandwich is their artisan baked loaf, that is the right thickness for the amount of filling there is. It has a crunchy exterior and the chewy inside that I like. The chipotle chicken is probably my favorite, with the fresh avocados inside adding that creamy and fresh flavor. The chicken is average, but the chipotle mayo added a kick which I love in sandwiches. The Caribbean jerk chicken was also pretty good, with the same chicken but banana peppers and a spicy jerk sauce. I always love banana peppers in my sandwiches, so that was a good pairing with the chicken. The Hawaiian BBQ chicken was just average, especially because the pineapple tasted like canned pineapple. The BBQ sauce was also a little too sweet for my taste. It's definitely not a bad sandwich, especially when it's 2 AM and you're in need of food!
4	Their sandwich is very fresh and delicious ... Love it
2	I guess I didn't order the right sandwich because out of all the awesome reviews my sandwich was just.... OK. I got the Italian and was not really impressed. It was just a small amount of meat and a slice of cheese with stock Italian dressing. So what's the big deal?? Ok I'm gonna have to go back and order something else because I gotta see what all the hype is about! To be continued...
2	not really good at all. i enjoyed the sex and the city slot machine outside of the restaurant much more than the actual food.
3	This is certainly the best place to eat inside Planet Hollywood or Miracle Mile.  I wish they would get a Chipotle at this location too.   The sandwich was great, the service was with a nice energy and happy employees.  Recommended!
4	Great place for a quick bite on your party hardy vegas trip. Or if you just want a good sandwich! Not too much and not too little food. Eat it while it's fresh! Don't save it for later, won't taste as bomb!I recommend the hot sandwiches, all so juicy with so much flavor!the artisan bread they use has a nice flavor and wonderful bite to it. Not too hard where it hurts the top of your mouth but just right! yummymy favortie: the hawaiian bbq: sweet sweet pineapples with tangy bbq sauce and ham, yummy!other goodies: the earl's club: a classic blt but still good!the full montagu: roast beed AND turkey, mustard gives it a nice flavor with the swiss&cheddar cheeseitalian: meat meat meat! and zesty yummyTheir soups, salads, and desserts are alright too, nice add on but we mainly come here for their awesome sandwiches!A must try!
5	A staple of any Vegas trip (read: drunken outing). EoS is open 24x7 which makes it an ideal establishment for a delicious soup and sandwich at any time of day. Now you may be saying to yourself, Eric, why are you eating sandwiches in Vegas? To that I say, because compared to the plethora of expensive (albeit deliciously satisfying in their own right) buffets, this sandwich achieves the same result without having to worry about overstuffing yourself. At a fraction of the cost.(This means you can drink, gamble, or entertain yourself more however you choose)Chipotle chicken, caprese, jerk chicken you ask? It's all good. Pair it with the tomato soup and you one tasty meal!P.S. The line can get pretty long depending on time of day (well duh)
5	CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADOi just had to come back for this sandwich an additional 2 times.  the bread was super fresh and perfect like always and the order took 5 minutes. what more can i ask.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Not exactly fine dining, but for the price, nothing beats an original and a bowl of tomato soup.
5	Uhhhhh!! The tuna sandwich is amazing!! And it's extra good with the tomato soup on the side to dip the sandwich in! I wish they had a southwest location!
4	Earl of Sandwich was the first place I ate at with my friends when we arrived in Las Vegas. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, which is grille chicken, roasted red peppers, banana peppers, and the jerk sauce. To me it's tasty and not that spicy and I liked it. It's affordable, too, compared to all the places we would eat and go to in the course of our trip! Pretty lively even that early in the morning, but expected in the city that never sleeps.
4	One of the best breakfast sandwiches anywhere, and price was amazingly cheap. Sandwiches are tasty and filling. Have some outside seating so you can watch the show go by in the mall. Line can be long at times.
4	Delicious sandwich! I had the chipotle chicken avocado and loaded potato soup! We also had the frozen lemonade , will not order it again it was suuuuuper sweet! Overall everything was good and will def be back.
5	Dob Guitar recommend this eat time establishment, and the holy bag fuck, this eat house is a chance. Place look like regularity budge food court eating establishment however it was more that meat the eye, like transformer. I request me hawaii bbq meat bakebread and it solved my hunger coach to pieces with fuck. Lots of coach in here which was 5h1 mbad, because I hate, to, fight with the weakers line is very big as there were many messed monster coaches in it but still worth. I tell you today to come here today if you want master sandwich for price of cheap pud  5/5 elf come out
5	Gotta give it to the Earl of Sandwiches!  They make one damn good sandwich hands down!They claim to be the best hot sandwich in the world.  I don't know who does the voting but they got mines.  I ordered the Original, which was pretty much a roast beef sandwich.  Warm roast beef with cheddar and horseradish sauce - pretty simple, but this sandwich gots pop!  I think what really got me was the crusty bread, which I believe is Ciabatta, but more in a hoagie style.  Again, I'm a texture guy warm soft roast beef and cheese inside a crusty bread -- you get the point.  This place always seem to have a line whether for breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night eats.  So don't be surprised just embrace since you'll know where to go eat at 4am in the morning stumbling around; "go with the crowd and don't get lost"!  - Enjoy!
5	SO GOOD!!! Stopped here after a long night of partying and it totally hit the spot! Not because it was really late and I was so hungry that my discerning palette was compromised...I don't think...We had the Hawaiian, the Caprese, and the Best BLT. The sandwiches are hot, so fresh, and all of them were delicious. The line can get really long, because they make everything from scratch, but it is really worth the wait. The line at 4 AM was not so bad hahaha...From now on, it will be my go-to after-clubbing spot in Vegas! I hope they open up a location in the Bay Area soon!!!
4	Wow lines can get extremely long for tis place ! I went two times on my trip because it was just to good to pass up. Both times I gopt the chicken sandwiches the one with the hot peppers was amazing ! The other with the cheese and bacon and lettuce I did not care for the sauce. The coffee is also amazing !! I got a greek salad one time all the ingredients were just so fresh for a fast food places and very decent quality. This place is also open 24 hours in Planet Hollywod ! Food comes out really fast and the lines go pretty fast too !
4	been here several times always good food. service is ok.. open 24 hours.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Who'd ever thought sandwiches could be THAT good? I've had a couple different kinds here and they're all so goooooood. I had the original, tuna melt, chipotle chicken avocado and the Caribbean jerk. I would have to say my favorite is the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken avocado. The original is really good too with the horseradish. And the caribbean jerk has this sweet explosion of peppers. They're all so good! I definitely want to come back and get some more but I live too far... Next time during my trip back to Vegas, I will definitely try some other sandwiches. I did find there's a location in Anaheim. Maybe I'll have to make the trip down there.
5	No Vegas trip is complete without a trip to Earl's, period. No, it's not the best thing I've ever eaten, but it's a pretty darn good sandwich and for the price, I can think of little else comparably good on the Strip.The bread is what makes the sandwich; it's warm, crusty and is the right denseness to hold the ingredients together and still be satisfying but not heavy.The big debate among our group is whether the Full Montagu or the Original is the superior sandwich. You certainly get more flavors with the Montagu, but I LOVE horseradish. Such a hard choice. The line is Earl's downside, even though it goes pretty quick. But if it is especially bad, you can avoid it by ordering the sandwich over the phone and gamble or stop by the ABC store around the corner for a few minutes. Then head to the front of the line past everyone waiting to pay!
4	Sandwiches, sandwiches and (yes!) more sandwiches.  Being open 24 hours is a plus, but having staff that don't stay happy 24/7 knocks it off it's perfect 5 star perch.
5	Please teleport me back to Earl of Sandwich!!!During our 2-day, 2-night stay at Planet Hollywood, we ate here 3 times.  Once at 8am for breakfast, once at 9pm for dinner, and once at 3am after the club.  Talk about an obsession!  Good thing it's open 24/7!For $6.99, you get a piping hot sandwich of delicious, soft toasty bread (the bread is definitely a WINNER) filled with fresh ingredients.  All 3 times I dined here I had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich, which comes with grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce.  YUM! CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=7d4KycSYKZ0nwn5VnJGMWw#7d4KycSYKZ0nwn5VnJGMWwOnly thing is during peak dining hours (which is pretty much all the time...come on, it's Vegas), the line to order can be as long as 45 minutes.  But once its been ordered, the sandwich usually only takes about 5 minutes to come out.But even with the hugangous line, I would revisit again and again.  I cannot get over how delicious and affordable these sandwiches are!
2	What can I say except it's a sandwich.  Nice if you are in the middle of nowhere kinda like an oasis.
3	Earl of Sandwich is like the Vegas version of the infamous Bacon Hot Dog Carts. It's open late, conveniently located, affordable, and the food tastes like it came straight from heaven when you're drunk. The sandwiches are pretty regular for the most part. Only the toasted bread is memorable. Its crust is pale, floury, and crunchy like a ciabatta roll, but the inside is softer and fluffier. The bread is definitely better than the average sandwich bread. Other than that, the deli meats and other stuffings aren't anything special or novel.
3	Tried the earl club and the BBQ chicken sandwich (half friends and half mine)and it was kinda whatever. The sandwiches are good dont get me wrong but it didn't wow me. If I'm going to wait in a long line(which usually has) it should be delicious. It has to be one of the cheap eats on the strip though.
4	Great food! Will def go back.
4	These sandwiches are amazing. The food is so great, make a point to eat here at least once. Every time I've eaten at Earl of Sandwich it was late at night after drinking, its the best after partying food to get.
5	I love this place! I always get the Full Montagu sandwich. I'm sorry; maybe it's because I'm starving after a whole night of partying or maybe it's because i'm drunk (it's very likely a combination of both), but the Full Montagu is freakin mouth-watering. It literally melts in my mouth. The mustard sauce that comes with it is really good as well (and I'm not a huge fan of sauce). I've visited the Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney, and the sandwiches are not as good there. This makes me come to the conclusion that the reason why this place is so good is indeed because I'm always drunk when I frequent this place. But it's okay; I'll give the place 5 stars anyway.
5	I only stay at the Cosmo, but I make the walk two or three times a weekend just to get a Chipotle Chicken Sandwich (or a few other sandwiches which are also awesome).Given the non-exorbitant price, there is not reason not to make the journey and try some of their sandwiches. If you don't, you're an idiot.
2	We went here while visiting Vegas, mainly due to all the glowing reviews this place gets here on Tripadvisor. What a let down. This place is a typical strip mall sandwich shop that is located in Planet Hollywood / Miracle Mile Shops. The sandwiches are average at best, the soup was pretty good, the salads were actually pretty much like a house salad at a low end restaurant. The worst part is the service. We stood in line about 15 minutes to place our order, then waited 30 minutes and never got our order. When I went back to the counter to inquire about our order, they had "lost" the order. They said it would be a couple of minutes and they would bring it out to the table. About 10 minutes later we got the food order, but it was wrong and we waited another 5 minutes for them to correct it. Do your self a favor and find another place to eat, This place needs different staff or management to get this place straightened out..
3	I was quite excited about trying Earl of Sandwich for the first time but I was disappointed. I ordered the Original (roast beef, cheddar, horseradish).  Nothing special.  After all, toasted sandwiches aren't all that new or exciting anymore.  To me, the Original isn't much different from what I could get at Quizno's.  And although I like Quizno's, it's not like I'd go out of my way to eat there and definitely there are more interesting places to dine at in Las Vegas.
4	It was nostalgic when I entered this food establishment because most of the restaurants on the Vegas strip are somewhat expensive so it shocked me to stumble upon this place that had food prices close to my hometown.So not only were sandwich prices reasonable but the sandwiches are scrumptious as well.I wanted to try something different so I ended up ordering the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich which was an absolute delight. It was by far one of the best sandwiches I had eaten in a while.This place is going to always be on my list of food recommendations when in Vegas. Simply because the prices are reasonable and the sandwiches delicious.If you ever get a chance, be sure to stop by I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
4	Awesome sandwiches...chilli fries are a little sloppy and mushy but everything else is superb.
5	These little gold bricks of sandwiches is as good as it gets. Earl's is convenient, open late, and fresh. I usually order their Full Montagu and Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The line is usually about a 30 min wait but it's so worth it.
3	Not bad. The sandwich was on the higher end of tastiness for a chain restaurant but I expected more given the reviews. I tried the Full Montague sandwich and it was good though I'd likely try something else next time. Their Earl Grey Lemonade (blend of tea and lemonade) was great and I'd go back just for that. Perfect blend of tea flavor and tartness from the lemonade without being overly sweet like most places.
4	great food , long lines :(
4	Love this place. Wish there were more locations in So. Cal or anywhere else I visit. I don't usually favor sandwiches but when I do, I like Earl of Sandwich :)
4	I work on the strip and I love Earl of Sandwich. Its a great alternative to the employee dining room and doesnt break the bank. Be prepared to wait in line as this place is usually busy but it usually doesnt take too long. Located inside the Planet Hollywood its easy to access from the strip
5	I had to check out Earl of Sandwich for myself since it got over 2700 reviews, and since they have "World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" title (self-made or otherwise, i don't care).  It's inside the Planet Hollywood as you walk in through the entrance for the Miracle Miles Shop. There is always a crazy, long line. My advise is get yourself a frozen drink from across the restaurant, and just wait. Even though the line was long, they cranked the orders out like a machine. I got the Earl's Club (which is their take on a turkey club--pretty classic taste) and the Hawaiian BBQ (which is truly scrumptious). The bread is perfectly toasted. Best of all it's only $6.00 per sandwich...refreshing after the arm and a leg you have to pay in Vegas for everything. Plus, it's open late--perfect for a late night snack!
4	I'm a huge sandwich fan and I give this place a A- . So yes, try it out.
2	def not the worlds greatest hot sandwichesi had the turkey stuffing and super salty gravy sandwichit was meh
5	The perfect and most convenient place to eat a delicious sandwich whenever you are on the strip and close to Planet Hollywood. Their Earl's Club is my all-time favorite. I first had this sandwich in 2011 and I keep ordering it every chance I get because it is one of those things that you start to crave!!!The restaurant is small, clean, and the staff is very friendly. I have seen a few people being mean to the staff (as I stood in line) but they were very courteous in return and never retaliated!
5	The best sandwich joint out there.  I am a huge fan of a good sandwich place and this one took the cake.  We ordered "The Original", "Italian", and "The Club"; my favorite was the original with the amazing Horsey sauce!  But let's face it, for less than $6 a sandwich on the strip, you can't go wrong here.  Extremely satisfied and glad to have taken advantage of the experience.
4	Chipotle Chicken Avocado.  Enough said.
3	I've been here 3 times now and I really don't know what the hype is about this place. The sandwiches are good but they're not amazing--certainly not amazing enough to stand in a line for 30 min. I can see how it could taste really good though when you're plastered beyond belief. Their frozen lemonade is a win though.
5	Ended up here after a long night/morning at the Marquee. I believe they are open 24/7 because we rolled in at 4 a.m. Food was good, staff was super friendly and the wait for the food was short.  I had "The Original" sandwich and my husband had "The Full Montagu" both were delicious and filling! Will go again!!
3	Tasted yummy but more bread then anything else!!
3	Great for late night. Good bread. Good location
4	Wasn't sure what all the fuss was about until a recent trip to Vegas. After shopping, we got sandwiches to take back to the hotel and decided to try the sandwiches here. I got the Earl's Club and it was actually really good. A pretty standard turkey club but better than most. Will def make a put stop here whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Earl of Sandwich is an awesome place to try!!! One bite and your stomach will be happy. The sandwich is cut for you.A recommendation is to either try the full montagu and the earls club. very simple but an explosion in your mouth of taste.They also have the best tomato soup! That is a must try.
3	I'm only low-balling it because I had high expectations and felt like there wasn't a lot of filling in my sandwich.Good flavors though.
5	awwwh..... droool... tuna sandwich was awesome!
4	I got the Hawaiian BBQ and it had grilled chicken, ham, grilled pineapple, and teriyaki sauce.It was pretty good! The bread was perfectly crisp and soft in all the right places! It was definitely flavorful and a little messy with the teriyaki sauce.I tried the frozen lemonade and I didn't like that very much, it was already hot outside and I'm slightly dehydrated and it was too sweet and too concentrated that it made me thirstier.Overall, I had a good experience and it lived up to the hype!
5	Best place ever!!
4	love their beef
4	Excellent, value-driven sandwiches. They won't kill you huge portions, but the food was fresh and tasty. Perfect for a quick meal on the go.
3	This was the first place that I went to for a meal after arriving in Vegas, even though after checking in to my hotel and walking here it was almost mignight.  With all the reviews I thought that this was a must but I do say that it was a bit disapointing.  The sandwiches were just okay, nicely prepared but the flavor wasn't that special compared to other sandwich shops.
4	Solid sandwich place. Most of the subs are toasted as far as I know. They had a nice selection of flavors and varieties. I think this place is definitely better than Quiznos/Subway/Jimmy Johns/etc (though a tad more expensive than those places). The soup was mediocre but the salads looked good.All in all, a solid place to eat at and I would go again for sure.
5	yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!  so tasty!  and great customer service!
4	Expectations are high when a place is closing on on 3000 overwhelmingly positive reviews.  I tried to keep my expectations in check, but a sandwich here still just tasted like a sandwich to me!The Full Montagu was tasty enough, right-sized, and reasonably-priced (especially given the prime location on the Strip where the Planet Hollywood Casino meets the Miracle Mile shops).  They really know what they are doing, and have a thorough understanding of the science of sandwich-making.  However, I wasn't floored by the flavor, the bread, or anything else, really.It's a solid choice for food (especially for Vegas-on-a-budget), but they need to do just a little more than be all-around above-average in order to earn it the coveted fifth-star.  Maybe a few more varieties of sandwiches may appeal to my tastes.  I'll definitely be back, though!
4	Okay okay so my last few experiences at Earl definitely improved from that first visit. This particular time, it was 6AM, and I was hungry for a bacon and egg sandwich. We were at MGM and it wasn't a far trek over to Planet Hollywood. I was practically in pajamas still, knowing that everyone else passing by us at this time, probably looked worse anyway cause they would have been coming home from a night of debauchery (and all that lovely things that come with that HAHA). No line. YES! Got a bacon, egg and cheddar on ciabatta and a coffee. Man that sammy was hot. Like steamy, burn your tongue hot! But It sure was good. The bacon was crunchy (ok slightly overcooked but it was still grrreeaat), fluffy egg, melty cheese, toasty ciabatta. Now that's much more appealing to wake up to than that girl who looked hot under strobe lights the night before I'm sure.
4	The Earl of Sandwich is great, one of my favorite places to grab a bite in Vegas. the Hawaiian press is one of my favorite sandwiches ( not that they're all not amazing)
5	Crazy good sandwiches and soup. They gave me the wrong soup - tomato, when I ordered chicken enchilada, but it worked out because I got to keep both and the tomato was actually better. Salad was also good and line went fast.
5	So I hardly frequent sandwich shops and going to this place makes me wonder why I don't go more often because this place has reignited my love for sandwich shops! And FYI the line is long for a reason.All of the sandwiches are hot with a delicious freshly made bread. They have many fun options to try such as hawaiian BBQ, cannonballs (meatball sandwich lol), chicken chipotle avocado, and holiday turkey (complete with turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberries!) The prices are reasonable at 5.99-8.00 I think. Yes, more expensive than subway but 5x better. I got the All American- turkey, cheddar, cranberries, lettuce, tomato, and ranch. Sounds odd but so freakin' good. I want one right now...too bad Vegas is 6 hours away. Poop.
5	I come here every time I'm in Vegas... WHY?!?*Huge variety of hot, delicious sandwiches*Open all day everyday*Quick moving lines*Friendly and efficient service*Reasonably priced*Refreshing lemonades for that 110 weather*Amazing soups that hit the spot when you're hungoverOh and did I mention that its wrapped in GOLD?!!?! I feel like I've uncovered something spectacular everytime I open it. My favorite sandwiches!! (in order)Chipotle Chicken Avocado: Grilled chicken, BACON, sharp cheddar, AVOCADO, lettuce & chipotle sauce. Full Montagu - Roast beef AND turkey, mustard, swiss and cheddar cheeseHawaiian BBQ - Grilled chicken, ham, grilled PINEAPPLE, and teriyaki sauceYou must go. Stop reading this and go.
4	Stop here every time I'm in Vegas...Yum
4	the sandwiches are pretty good! cant say the same  about the breakfast ones, the bacon was super tough! its a good place tho if you want something quick and fresh!
4	I'll keep this simple: Fast. Relatively Cheap. Good. Open Late.
5	Earls is always on the affordable side. The sandwiches are great! I work at Planet Hollywood at the Massage Chairs and we always get the discounted food. LOL perks of working there. The Kona coffee is always fresh! I get my coffee there with free refills. After about 2 cups I'm good. There is a sports book right across from there so if you like sports you may want to try out the samiches too!!
4	4 stars because its a good drunchies late in the hour. But honesty, everyone makes it out to be the best sandwich in the world... It's not THAT good.
5	Delicious sandwiches and salads at a great affordable price (esp. for Vegas)! It's great to get away from all the junk food and have something fresh(er) and cheap!
5	JERK CHICKEN! JERK CHICKEN! JERK CHICKEN!!!!!!!! EVERY TIME I come to LV, I always make it a point to eat at Earl's at least once! As stated above, the Jerk Chicken sandwich is highly recommended. The prices are low and it's filling! You can't miss eating here while you're LV and they are open LATE!
4	It was Great. It was a very good sandwich and not bad price wise for being on the strip.
5	I basically lived off food inside Planet Hollywood the past week. I never knew sandwiches were gonna win on this one. This place is MMMMMMMMM. +5 stars!
3	Remarkably reasonably priced sandwich (sub-$8) inside a strip casino, but unremarkable in flavor and not worth the typical long lines for it during the times you normally want a sandwich.By the south end of Planet Hollywood, there can be lines that snack across the long hallway to the shop entrances.  You stand in line, make a choice from the dozen or so sandwiches and then pay at the other end of the counter.It comes out toasty and warm, and large enough to quell hunger pangs, but the meat - which mostly why you choose that particular sandwich - can be dry and chewy.But a plus is a plus, and the price, speed that you get your toasty sandwich, and people watching can be worth it.
4	When you're completely drunk, you need Earl of Sandwich.When you're up partying it up all day long, you need Earl of Sandwich.When you're hungry, you need Earl of Sandwich.Let's be honest here, you really need Earl of Sandwich. It's to die for, it's absolutely amazing, and that chipotle chicken man..............But the only reason why I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars is because although it's pretty cheap, that's the downfall. It's cheap, so the lines go so far out, you're literally watching that Deal or No Deal game for 45 minutes before you can order.
4	Dem gold bricks doe! Everytime I'm in Vegas and staying at Planet Hollywood, I make sure to visit Earl of Sandwich. Very simple sandwiches, freshly baked bread, wrapped up in gold paper, making them look like gold bricks. It's open 24/7, so good place to stop by after hitting up the clubs, and right before you go back to your hotel room. Sandwiches are cheap too, around $7.
4	Before my boyfriend and I headed home, we passed by this location and decided to buy a sandwich for the road. There was a pretty long line, but it moved fairly fast.I wasn't sure of what to get, so I just ordered The Original--roast beef with sharp cheddar & creamy horseradish sauce. It turned out to be the right choice! The horseradish nicely complemented the roast beef, and the bread was nicely toasted.I'll be sure to stop by here again when I want some quick, tasty food without overspending.
5	There's always a line, but don't fret it moves really quickly. I always get the chicken chipotle avocado whether its for lunch or 3am. This place is open 24/7. It's about $7/per sandwich.
5	I love Earl's! I stayed at Planet Hollywood on my recent Vegas trip, so Earl of Sandwich was my typical lunch (because I never woke up early enough for their breakfast menu that's served until 11 AM.. boo!)I tried the BLT, The Earl's Club (Turkey and Bacon), Italian and The Full Montagu (Roast Beef and Turkey). Amazingly, all of the sandwiches were seriously good. I'm not sure which was my favorite, as they all were equally tasty... but since I'm a bacon lover, it'd probably have to be the Earl's Club. Highly recommend all of their sandwiches and will continue going here on my future trips to Vegas for a quick bite. Skip their tempting cupcakes and cookies at checkout though. Waste your calories on the million other Vegas pastry shops. Shamefully, I tried the sugar cookie, chocolate chip cookie, brownies and the red velvet cupcake. All extremely generic tasting. The frosting on the cupcakes were super sweet like canned frosting and the cookies are made with margarine instead of butter, which is never a good thing for chocolate chip cookies. Or any cookies for that matter. ;)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THEIR SANDWICHES.seriously the best cure to feeling like crap.The line is always super long but good thing they serve fast! (:Sandwiches:1. chipotle chicken avacado: SUPER TASTY. their chipotle sauce is amazingg! It makes the sandwich super delicious. everything about this sandwich is good, my absolute favorite here.2. Tuna Melt: it was okay. Their tuna was kind of bland :\ 3. The Earl: I love the bacon in this sandwich! if you love turkey and bacon together, this is the sandwich to get, it was pretty good.
5	I went to the Earl's inside the Palms rather than this one because the line here is SO long I recommend taking the trip to Palms for no wait at all. I had the Italian sandwich and boy was it amazing. The toasted bread was perfect not too hard or soft. The sandwich was packed with flavor. I have had a lot of sandwiches in my day and this had to be the best. Grab some to take home before you leave Vegas and throw them in a toaster oven when you get home.. trust me!
5	We stopped and ate here yesterday.  I'm really not much of a sandwich craver but the sandwiches here are worth checking out.  I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich and found it to be flavorful worthy of recommendation.  The prices are reasonable, especially for the strip.  There were six of us and we got through a short line very quickly and had our food within 10-15 minutes of sitting down.  I would definitely recommend trying this place.
5	Believe it or not, I've only been to Vegas twice, which happen to have been in the last few months.  The first visit I was dead tired in the hotel room and my group of friends had gone out to eat, at Earl's.  They called me and asked if I wanted anything. I said yes and to just order whatever everyone else was having, which I believe was the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Absolutely delicious!!! Definitely was a pick up from my hotel ridden state! SO of course I went back on my most recent trip this last weekend.This time my friend and I split sandwiches to maximize options, lol.
4	Don't come hungry.  25 MIN wait.
4	I have not written a review here yet after all these years? Wow!I've been coming here for years on every single one of my Vegas trip. It's in the nice hip Planet Hollywood (where all the 20 year olds stay). Right across from Cosmo, next door to Paris. Great location for all your drunkards needs after Marquee or Hakka. The sandwiches are GREAT and delicious. I never remember what I order (sorry!) either I'm too hungry or too drunk to remember, or maybe it's not that great of a sandwich to remember? After all these years I don't think I would ever find out. Haha. The prices are decent. However, one annoying thing I need to point out is that during EDC weekend the lines were... about 30min to 45min long! I honestly don't think its worth to stay in that long of a line for this joint. I recommend going to Pink's a few doors down, NO LINE for bomb hot dogs. But I will come back here on my other Vegas trips during non busy weekends!I must admit that service is pretty fast. Once you order you'll get your sandwich in less than 10 minutes. They have those buzzer things to remind you when your order is ready.
5	Ok ok, I saw all the high reviews. So I knew I HAD to try Earl's, especially since it was right across from where I was staying (Aria). The line was so longgg (roughly an hour!) but I was determined to see how good of a sandwich this was. Well, I'll be damned. This sandwich was BOMB. I had the chicken chipotle without the bacon and it was delicoussss. From the bread, to the sauce, I was super happy we tried it. I also had a cup of the chicken tortilla soup. SO GOOD. And I think my group was less angry towards me for making them wait an hour of A SANDWICH once we all tried our food. Came here again 2 nights later and the line was alot quicker (all the EDC peeps left...haha). Go here for cheap, good food! Nothing wrong with that!
4	I'm not much of a sandwich lover, but this place makes me love their sandwiches! It's good...hot sandwiches with great ingredients that complements each other. There's always a long line, at least every time that I go. Located in planet Hollywood hotel, in the miracle mile shops area, across from ABC souvenir shop. Highly recommend: All American turkey sandwich and chicken tortilla soup. The full montagu was good, but the cranberry sauce in the all American made it all the better. I want to try the chicken chipotle next time....but I love that cranberry sauce! :) It's worth a try!
3	Always busy no matter what time it is. *TIP* you can call in your order and pick it up!Sandwich you say? In Vegas- it's only Earl. Some might say DON'T accept substitutes. I personally don't have cravings for this place when I'm in Vegas, but I can understand why people do. It's 2am:  you're drunk and hungry and want something quick and dirty. Well, not so dirty... They have wraps, soups, potato chips, sandwiches.... I've only had their sandwiches, which are on the pricier side of the spectrum (for a sammy- I think prices have gone up recently). For Vegas- it's cheap! The bread is what makes Earl's so very different. It's thick, cut into two separate pieces and tastes like a cross between an english muffin and cibatta. Or maybe it's a straight up cibatta roll. Highly suggest you try them at least once!
5	The first time I tried the famous Earl of Sandwich, I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. I was not a fan of the peppery flavor.This time, I went for the original. Best choice EVER! I was hesitant when I read that it had horseradish sauce, but I figured this was the house specialty - it's got to be good.And was it. Pure awesome. I don't like horseradish usually, but cobined with the rich flavor of the roast beef and other meats, it was perfect.In fact, my boyfriend and I liked our sandwiches so much that we ordered 8 more to bring home with us after we left Vegas. Hell yeah!
5	I would eat here every day if I lived in vegas. best. sandwich. ever.and thats coming from someone in the tristate area - I know a good Deli!
4	This is actually a tricky place to review. On the one hand the All American is hands down my favorite sandwich in town (even better than the Bobbie at Capriotti's IMO), but the other sandwiches at Earls are really lacking. So basically for the All American alone I'd give Earl 5 stars, but since that's really the only sandwich my bf and I have liked here, I'd have to drop it a 4.The All American is the perfect mix of tangy, savory and sweet and the bread is always perfectly toasted. I'm getting so hungry just writing this review!Do be prepared for a loooong wait if you go during peak or near peak times. Also if you're local, the drive, park and long walk to get to Earl is a chore and has kept us from going more often.I was really happy to find out that there is another location at the Palms (easier to get to), but I was thoroughly disappointed when we went. The ingredients were not as fresh and service was non-existent. It was like going to a completely different restaurant.and we wouldn't go back again.
3	Had the club, even though I am not in the club.  Decent, solid sandwich, the highlight here is the bread.  Earl does its bread right.  Bacon is crispy and thin, chopped up, another plus.  Other ingredients are just as they should be.  Check it out.
4	Jesus! Staying at planet hollywood and Earl's in the same building is the worst idea! Literally had them everyday until we were tired of it! 24/7 sandwich place thats good for any meal of the day even your drunken night coming home! I think the peak period is around lunch when the line actually wraps into the mall or so. WE DISCOVERED CALL-IN! It'll definitely save you time waiting in line! I really enjoyed my chipolet chicken,probably my favorite but any selection you wont be disappointed at all. Its not super fulfilling but its just about right!Hands down i bet everyone usually comes back for more!
5	These guys are crankin' amazing sandwiches out at all hours of the night. Probably the best cheap quick meal you can find at 4am on the strip. Definitely check it out if you're anywhere near the PH and looking for a cheap bite. The lines can get long, especially around the lunch hours. Strong advocate of the Chipotle Chicken, don't forget to ask for banana peppers. They're so good, I strongly considered smuggling a few of these badboys back home in my duffle.
5	The best sandwich ever!!!
5	The Holiday Turkey was marvelous! I got a side of mac and cheese too! Plus the Earl Grey lemonade was a thing of crisp, deliciousness! I have to make my own now! I wanna try the rest of the sandwiches!  Yummmmmmmm
5	Finally decided to write a review for this place after coming here several times. This place is one of the most budget-friendly, yet delicious places you can find around the strip. The menu here is loaded with deliciousness. So many choices to choose for and most choices can be had for around $6 dollars. Their bread is amazing and they really make sure you get the best bang for your buck by stuffing your sandwich. I got the carribean jerk chicken this time around and the delicious grilled peppers went perfectly with the cheesy and the tender chicken. The bread here is also high quality bread- crunchy on the outside and extremely toasty on the inside.Big NOTE: the line always looks intimidating here, but it actually moves pretty quickly. They do a really good job of moving people in and out of the line as soon as possible.Gotta come here again and try em' all!
4	Excellent Sandwiches and its right next to the club!It's Puuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrffffect!
4	it was the cheapest meal i ever found in the Vegas strip and it was pretty good!   After hardcore clubbing night in Vegas, I rather get a sammich than a slice of pizza!!!  If you happen to be around the hp hotel, you should def. check it out.
5	AMAZING SANDWICHES !!  Earl's lived up to it's reputation.  I love their hot sandwiches and how cheap they are ($6.99) especially since it's on the strip (in Planet Hollywood).  Earl's is also 24/7 now, and be sure to try their brownie sandwiches if you've got a sweet tooth; my boyfriend made us walk to Earl's THREE TIMES for these brownie sandwiches.  All in all, a must try when you're in Vegas.
5	After wading through all of the reviews on Yelp about this place I decided to brave the 0.1 mile walk from the MGM in the 97 degree weather (don't judge; I'm fat and out of shape) to see what all the buzz was about.  I also attribute some of my motivation to the fact that I'm a male and therefore genetically pre-disposed to having an affinity for sandwiches.With that aside I have to say the trip was definitely worth it.  I ordered the avocado chipotle chicken something-or-other and was not disappointed.  I might have to sneak out when everyone's asleep and get me another.
4	If you're ballin on a budget in Vegas, lost a few hundred at the casinos here and there, and your stomach is growling at you "find me some damned food now, I don't want any more of those 'free' casino drinks!" then this is the place for you my friend.My first Earl of Sandwich experience was in Atlantic City, and I absolutely hated it. I felt like the sandwiches were poor quality, the bread was hard and stale, and it just wasn't anything special or rave-worthy.Needless to say, I was very hesitant about trying it again. Surprisingly, the Vegas location is much better managed, orders are ready in a reasonable amount of time, and the food was delightfully awesome! Affordable at $7-$8, these sandwiches are very tasty, the bread and ingredients are fresh, and surely big enough to satisfy any hunger pains whether they be from normal lunch hour or post-clubbing munchies, because they're open 24/7!Earl of Sandwich is definitely the go-to place for an affordable and relatively quick meal. I actually really enjoyed this location, even if it reminded me of a less-glorified panera. I personally recommend the Hawaiian ;)
4	awesome sandwhiches...can go back any time
5	best sammich I've ever had!
4	I didnt like it @ first but i guess i was ina bad mood. tried the Montagu sandwich, really yummy and was fun cause i had company.
4	I know they opened up a location in Anaheim, but for some reason, it just tastes better in Vegas! Haha.Earl of Sandwhich is a MUST if you're in Sin City. Great hot and cold sandwiches at affordable prices. Their Tuna Melt is a classic, but I also love their Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Their chips and cookies make great munchies too. My go-to dinner spot before hitting the nightclubs!
5	Ate it 3 times this past weekend. My puke would have tasted amazing if it wasn't for the subway sandwich.
5	The line may be long, but it's definitely worth it. The sandwiches are so large that you can definitely eat half and then eat the other half after you get back from clubbing in the wee hours of the morning!I ordered the pulled pork, which is one of their specials for the month. It was perfectly sauced, the meat was tender and juicy, and the bread was perfectly toasted. And it tasted just as good at night, even though it was cold. The only thing that could make Earl of Sandwich better would be a location in the Bay Area!
4	There was always a line when I walked passed and stood in it, no matter if was the afternoon or in the early morning. I had  one of the spicy chicken wraps, which was actually spicy, and fresh. I wanted a sandwich, but it was too many carbs at the time. Overall, a tasty healthy wrap for $7
4	2am, 2 weeks ago was when I had my first earl sandwich. My husband has had it before and purposely took us from one casino to here just to grab a bite before heading back. Line was long but moved relatively quick. Sandwich came out nicely put together and warm. Taste was good and fresh. Definitely worth a try considering husband wanted to order more and colleague (who happened to also be in vegas) texted me the next morning to make sure I had some before leaving and told me he ate there and then brought about $100 worth back for his family. Enough said.
3	Good variety of sandwiches, quality is decent at best. Located at Planet Hollywood's Mall, Earl of Sandwich is a speedy sandwich shop with a massive line! For $6, it's a win. Better than Subway and Quiznos, but it's nothing out of the ordinary. Hawaiian: sweet pineapple, tastes like ham and pineapple pizza!Jerk Chicken: peppers, onions and some chicken, a little sparce, not enough jerkNot sure what the hypes all about. I could take it or leave it.
4	Best feature? Open 24 hours.Second best feature? The Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Perfect with a bottle of Blue Moon. And totally hits the spot at 3 am.I'd avoid the daytime crowds (plus there are far better lunch/dinner options on the Strip) -- but this would easily be my late-night Go-To spot.
5	Love this place! We always order the Italian & it's perfect every time.
3	Cheap, convenient, and delicious!  I purchased the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and was pleasantly surprised.  Although the line can be pretty long it moves fast.  When in Vegas and in need of a quick sandwich ill remember this place!
5	Quick and delicious. Diverse selection, something for everyone. a definite staple -- I go here at least once every time I am in Vegas.
4	Before my last trip to Vegas I kept hearing how great this place was so I just had to try it for myself. It didn't disappoint really. My favorite was the yummy Hawaiian BBQ just thinking bout that one makes me hungry for one.However the cannonball / meatball was a rough getting down and my least favorite  and left me with a stomach ache.So between that and the fact it takes two sandwiches to fill me up that's what gives it a. 4/ 5. Can't have it all in life can ya.
4	Lets keep it simple: Great sandwiches, fast service, fun location. Earl will always be on our itinerary for and enjoyable, quick lunch!
3	Was starving after a long drive.  It totally hit the spot.  Love the Italian and the Earl Club.  Both great sandwiches.  Bread is always fresh!Their Mac & Cheese is also pretty tasty, comes piping hot so be careful.  Had their loaded bake potato soup, little disappointing, soup was way too thin and watery.Lines are long, but worth it because after you order, your food comes out fast.  Prices are VERY decent for food right in the casino.
4	This place is inside PLANET HOLLYWOOD and is OPEN 24HRS!! Prices have gone up by a dollar or so since last time I went. (used to be around 5+ it's now ~$6.49)Had the CLUB sandwich and the FULL MONTAGUE. I thought that the club sandwich was really good. Had the right amount of meat with tasty bread. The full montague, however, I was less impressed with. I thought that the sweet mayo sauce in the sandwich didn't blend well with the rest of the sandwich. I would definitely come back and try other sandwiches.
4	Can we open up an Earl of Sandwich in the Bay Area? Pretty please with gravy and bacon on top?My boyfriend and I tried this place during one of our Vegas trips and were just blown away. I had the Holiday sandwich, which consisted of turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and gravy. Simply divine. My boyfriend had the hawaiian sandwich, which had chicken, ham, pineapple and BBQ sauce. This was surprisingly good as well! I'm a huge sandwich fan. I always look forward to new creations. I especially get excited for the day after Thanksgiving, when I take carved turkey and stuff it in a freshly toasted french bread with avocado, jalapenos, cracked pepper and drowned in gravy. The Holiday sandwich is definitely comparable and I look forward to our next encounter...hopefully somewhere in Northern California :).
5	Breakfast, lunch, dinner, pre-club, or post-club as the sun is rising, Earl of Sandwich is good 24/7.Probably one of the best value-priced meals on the strip.  So cheap, simple, but well executed.  Also, more than likely you'll encounter a massive line.  Don't worry, it does move relatively quickly, so just wait! The menu is also pretty big, but my favorites are the original and Italian.
4	Came here yesterday and got the Earl's Club and it was so good. The only thing that I could say was wrong was the price of the sandwich but I guess that's how it goes in Vegas.
5	This place is epically delicious
5	Boyfriend was randomly browsing around for a good breakfast place to eat at when we went on our Vegas trip for the summer && Earls of Sandwiches popped up. THE NUMBERS DON'T LIE! One of the best value-priced meals on the strip we've came across! I had their Ham,Egg,and Bacon breakfast sandwich with a side of Chicken Tortilla soup - ( yes, it's simple, but I'm pretty picky when it comes to my bacon and soups) everything was on point, no complaints. The boyfriend and a friend of his had the Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwich - they could not stop raving about it throughout the whole meal. Every bit comes with a compliment. DEFINITELY on our to-eat list next time we're in Vegas.
5	Worlds Best Sandwiches!!! Definitely a must go to in Vegas. Prices are more affordable than a Vegas Mcdonalds. Also they are open 24 hrs good place to eat after the club!
4	one of my favorite sandwich places however they get knocked down one star because there sandwiches are small and pricey dont wanna spend 20 on sandwiches to get full.... but other than that way to go guys
4	ProsCheap, deliciousConsThere may be a bit of a waitThe Caribbean Jerk sandwich was cheap, moist, and delicious. The bun was perfectly crispy and brought a nice balance to the sandwich. A great value. I would be a regular if there was one near home. To people familiar with Potbelly's, I'd take this over Potbelly's any day of the week.
5	Cheap, quick, delicious food joint on the strip! Went here during lunch time so it was a bit crowded, but nothing horrible. I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce), and my sister ordered the Best BLT (bacon, lettuce, tomato & seasoned mayonnaise). We also ordered their Triple Chocolate Brownies and the Earl Grey Lemonade. The brownies were good, but nothing spectacularly unique. The lemonade was kind of tasteless in my opinion. I really, really enjoyed my sandwich though! So did my sister, but I don't think she enjoyed hers to the extent that I did. I will definitely give this place another visit the next time I'm in Vegas and am in need of a quick, cheap lunch! If you go on their website and sign up with them, you will receive a coupon for a free sandwich on your birthday!
4	Not gonna lie... Earls is BOMBAY.All you have to do is take a picture of the golden wrapper, post it on Instagram or FB, and all your friends get wet & salivate!My two favorite things on the menu:Ham Sandwich for BreakfastTuna Melt for LunchYelp!
4	Really great lunch place located within Planet Hollywood.  Sandwiches are delicious and very fresh- think of it like a much (and I mean much) better high scale Panera.  Compared to other lunch places, Earl wins for their great sandwich selection and low prices.  This is my quick, go to lunch place on the strip.
4	Love this spot.  One of my recommendations when people come to Vegas.  Either Caps or Earls.  Done.  Get the tuna and Iced Lemonade...
3	It is alright. I am only giving them 3 stars because they are open 24/7 but when it comes to food not sure if i like how they give you more bread and barely any meat.
5	Dear Earl of Sandwich,It's been 3+ years that we've seen each other. I didn't realize how much I missed you until I had that Tuna Melt and various other sandwiches a month ago. With every single bite, I realized how much more I love you. SO FREAKIN' GOOD! Simple, worthy, and delicious. **Open 24 Hours, jackpot!**Freshly made when ordered! Baked to perfection, never burnt!**You order first and grab snacks/desserts/salads and order a drink as you pay and receive a pager!I've had 5 different variations of the sandwiches and can say that every single one is delicious! TUNA MELT is my absolute favorite here!!! Ahh just talking about it, makes me crave it! So Earl, if you are ever looking to expand, please look into Northern California (as I know there is one in Downtown Disney). That would be extremely glorious!Yours truly,Holly
3	:( They didn't have my veggie or broccoli cheddar soup. Went with the caprese and tomato. Both were good, but not amazing. I still like Ike's sandwich more.
5	if you come to vegas without previous plans of visiting Earl's..STAY HOME!I've been to EARLS and have multiple reviews from:2010201120122013of course after drinking a handle of vodka, the CIROC BOYS had to head down to Earl's after a night of dancing at the brand new HAKKASAN hotel.the walked there sucked incredible amounts of c*ck... from the MGM all the way to Planet Hollywood after jumping up and down and dancing for five hours straight? #MADNESS!HOT HOLIDAY TURKEY SANDWICH:hot turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and oozing gravy. all the fixings like we were in the middle of November.HOT CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO:grilled chicken, avocado, bacon, god damnit.you win again, Earl. Well worth it. You lovely bastard!
5	Must try the food!
3	A decent sandwich, but not the best in Vegas.With all the amazing reviews I was expecting the best sandwich I'd ever eaten in Vegas. Unfortunately I'd eaten at capriotti's early that week and was more impressed. Don't get me wrong the sandwich was tasty and the bread was fantastic, but the sandwich was small and I was expecting more meat. I'd definitely recommend everyone try it at least once. I ordered the full montagu, I'll try another sandwich next time. I also ordered the tomato soup which was delicious and topped with croutons.
4	I would've given the Earl 5/5 stars....HAD HIS EMPLOYEES REMEMBERED TO PAGE MY BUZZER WHEN MY ORDER WAS READY.  I sat for 30 minutes and thought the wait was normal since the place was so popular...but then I checked. My order had been ready for like 20 minutes and my chicken tortilla soup was cold! They had forgotten to buzz me and nobody thought to call out the order while it was hot. In the end, they comped my whole meal and tossed in some free mini muffins.Besides the pager fiasco, the sandwich was thoroughly enjoyable. I had The Earl's Club and it was quite a nicely assembled sandwich. Plus, it was pretty affordable! While I didn't get the chicken tortilla soup as I originally ordered, I got cheddar broccoli soup as a replacement. That was pretty enjoyable too. I'd definitely come back...but I'll remember to keep a close eye on my order next time.
5	great place for a quick sandwich.  I personally think the sandwiches here are better than panera bread.  the salads are so so, if you go there, make sure your order their sandwiches.
1	Any puking done in Vegas should be because of partying too hard; not because of bad food. Tasted great but got food poisoning!! We didn't drink at all tonight, and I have literally been up all night because my upset stomach. Our (bf's and mine) first night of Vegas (we're only here for two!!) was ruined because of the tuna melt sandwich we shared. PROCEED WITH CAUTION. I know this place has rave reviews, but is it really worth the risk? We missed out on an entire Friday night of partying thanks to this place and will most likely not be at 100% for tonight's festivities. My verdict: NOT worth the risk.
4	Good sandwich, quick and convenient. One of the better cheap eats on the Strip!
4	I worked in PH, and used to get this for lunch all the time.  The bread is amazing
5	The best hot sandwhich I ever tried. Everytime i come to vegas i have to make sure i come here
5	The best service, value and freshness in LV!!!
4	Convenient, cheap, fast and great for a meal on the Strip!  Don't expect a packed meat sandwich and a carnivore's favorite sandwich, but a sandwich that is simply good when you're hungry and want a clean meal!I got their Original, which was aye okay!  I love drenching my sandwiches with mustard, so I did that with the Original!  It was then bomb diggity.Also, this sandwich place is opened around the clock!  What a perk!
3	Good place to eat
4	Delicious!! Always packed, and fast service, just wish they were a bit bigger ;) lol but very very delicious!!
4	Quickly stopped by this place to pick up a meal for my flight back home. smart choice! I ordered the chicken chipotle sandwich, and man it was soooo good! like so good that people sitting next to me on the plane were eying my sandwich and asking me where I got the sandwich whose aroma was making everyone hungry. Definitely a must have when one is in Vegas!
3	Love this place! Convenient and on the strip in ph. only down fall is that there can be a bit of a wait. But other than always a good eat.
5	Best Tuna Melt I have ever eaten hands down!!!!! The catch is to add tomatoes, onions, and avocado.
5	So any place with that many reviews and a great score demands a nod of interest. The wife and I have recently moved to Las Vegas from Northern California. We are on the hunt for local good food. As we have recently discovered, any resident or local tries to stay the hell away from the strip. We had to run downtown today, and decided to grab a sandwich and watch the flocking tourist. As expected there was a decent line of approx. 15 people a head of us. We patient;y waited our turn and made our order. (Cuban, Holiday Turkey, and The full Mont.) We got out numbered pager, drinks, and headed into the packed dinning room for a table. We lucked out, grabbed a warm table that just lifted.   Less than ten min. pass and our sandwiches are ready. I open the Cuban first, warm, toasty and looked delicious. My wife had the Holiday Turkey that was just as good looking. The first bite for both of us was a religious experience, we put a lot of expectations into these sandwiches, and they did not fail to step up with a quality product. We shared all three and enjoyed each and every bite. My favorite was the Holiday Turkey that my wife ordered. It is that mid night sandwich you sneak into the kitchen on Thanksgiving night to make when the family is asleep. We were unable to find a flaw with any of our choices. Earl of Sandwich we are new fans. So, hands down a great choice for lunch, dinner, midnight drunken snack to absorb the alcohol you have marinated yourself in all weekend.    Enjoy people!!!
4	Fresh warm crispy bread stuffed with plenty of roast beef. This place is always packed. The sandwiches are that good. You can find it in Planet Hollywood by the Miracle Stip Mall.
4	Even though they opened an Earl's in OC fairly recently, I still only get it when I'm in Vegas. It's a must have for every trip!I typically get the holiday sandwich or the full montagu! the full montagu tastes amazing when its hot and fresh :) I also tried their soup this past weekend, and it was okay, although I'll just stick to their sandwiches! I can't really finish the whole sandwich in 1 sitting, so it's perfect that they cut it in half for us, so I can save the rest for later when I get the munchies ;)
5	I was completely plastered. My fiance and ordered basically everything on the menu. This place is amazing and I am so happy to find out we have one in Cali at DTD. Totally replaced any sandwich joint I've been loving. The only complaint we have it, one of my friends got a breakfast sandwich and she was not so happy. She ate there the night before so she knew how amazing it was but the breakfast part was not the best.
5	If you are in Las Vegas stop by Earl of Sandwich it's one of the healthiest places too eat and very delicious. Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
5	Love their sandwiches.  Services has always been great.  I will keep going back.
5	Can I just say, you gotta get the Original 1762. Roast beef (tender, moist, delicious) + the tang of the horseradish sauce (MAN, I love horseradish) + the crunch from the toasted bread = the perfect equation for a hungry belly and somewhat dwindling wallet (when in Vegas, right?). For the price, you really can't go wrong, but Earl of Sandwich made it nearly impossible to ruin the good thing they have got going on there. Also made sure that I tried their soup (hey, I was hungry), and I got their chicken noodle. Yum, perfect chicken noodle. Didn't take away from the sandwich at all.Another must order from there is the Tuna Melt. I told my friends that it was the "super better" version of McDonald's. Scratch that, this can't even compare to McDonald's. Once again the crunch from the toasted bread made this sandwich spot on. I was really hoping for such thing as a takeout/delivery to Hawaii. I'd be eating these all day errday! Hoping to go back to Vegas soon, specifically for these golden sandwiches.
5	We went here because of the amazing reviews and we were not disappointed. While the line was long, the entire process went by quickly, from ordering at the window, moving toward the pickup area as they made the sandwiches, and waiting for the staff to call out the orders. So far we've only tried the Full Montagu and the Italian sandwiches. For the size it's the same as Subway but for the quality, it is worth paying a couple bucks more for the amazing flavor combinations and the fact that eating only one sandwich fills you up.I'm excited to try out this chain some more. Keep up the great work :D
5	Simply just a great place to have a sandwich at a reasonable price on the strip. The food is all good. The service is fast. Need I saw more... you just got to experience the yummy food.
5	One of the cheapest places to eat if you're on the strip.  Many choices with the sandwiches and they're open 24/7!  Can't beat that!  Lines can be long because the prices are good and the quality is decent.  Being in Vegas for work for over 3 weeks, you get to know Earl of Sandwich pretty well!
5	Best hot sandwiches I have ever had in my life, the line might be a bit long some times, but its totally worth it. Also reasonable prices for Vegas. No more than $6.50 for a sandwich. Would definitely go back when I'm back in Las Vegas.
4	I always stop here for lunch in Vegas. The line is worth the wait. The food is always good. Last time I was in Vegas we went twice. I had the chicken with avocado - delicious and the Italian - I think my favorite is the Italian but it's a hard decision. My husband had a fresh salad one day and it was beautiful with cranberries, chicken, cucumbers- I think it was the Cobb- he ate most of the good stuff off of it before I got a bite. I love the bread and I usually don't eat carbs- but Earl of Sandwich is worth the calories for me.
3	Definitely worth a stop. Just inside PH from the MGM Grand side. Prices equally compared to Panera. Good sandwich for the price and free refills on the beverages...I will go again
5	As I was planning my trip to Las Vegas, I knew that I was going to need eat at some cheaper places. So I went on Yelp! to see what would turn up. I read the first few reviews and decided that I needed to go. Once I found the place, I was greeted by a friendly employee handing out menus. I decided on the earl's club. OMG! It was divine. Fresh ingredients and yummy toasted bread made this sandwich heavenly. The service was quick and friendly. The next time I'm in Las Vegas, I'll be eating there for quite a few meals.
5	I've tried about four different sandwiches there now and they've all been fantastic. It's cheap, conveniently located, fast, and it's open 24 hours.
5	Beyond awesome and the $5.99 price tag makes it that much sweeter. I highly recommend the Hawaian it's definitely my favourite but to be honest everything is good here. Earl blows Subway and Quizno's out of the water.
4	I have been craving an Italian sub and when I saw the Italian ( capicola, ham, 2x cheeses, toasty with Italian dressing) I knew that's what I was getting. It was decently priced but finding a place to sit was a challenge. Husband go the Full Montagu and he enjoyed it, though he wished it was bigger...he too is a fat kid trapped in a skinny kid's body. All in all, if you are looking for a quick sandwich it's a good place to stop!
3	This place is like an slightly up-scale Subway, with a selection of signature sandwiches. I got the Jamaican one, not that great. Lots of some white sauce... eh. A friend had a different turkey-based sandwich and was satisfied. Good to be able to just take it up to the room. I know it's popular in Vegas and I will probably try it again with something else when at PH.
5	I had ordered the Club and Chipotle Chicken Avocado , which was extremely delicious from the first bite I took! The bread had taste just perfect and there was plenty of taste to both of the sandwiches!
5	(Located in Planet Hollywood) Five years ago, I suffered from a massive hunger attack at 2pm after I awoke from stumbling in at 7am.  I remember walking to chipotle and the smell almost conjured up a puking.  If only I had a magic lamp and a genie could bring me something yummy...Well, the hunger gods must've heard my prayers because now, Vegas is graced with a 24 hr joint that serves quick, inexpensive deliciousness.  Hallelujah!!The hot sandwiches are a hit.  When you go, stop by and stuff your face with the bestest Tuna Melt you'll ever have in life!!
3	Honestly, I expected more from Earl of Sandwiches because of the hype surrounding it.  We had the cannonball sandwich (meatballs) and the jerk chicken.  I preferred the jerk chicken with the roasted bell peppers.  I had a few bites of the Hawaiian BBQ, which I would pick again.  Given the chance to eat at Earl of Sandwiches again,  I would try the club or the original.  If I'm in Vegas, I'm not going out of my way to seek it out otherwise, at least I know where to locate it if I'm in the mood for a sandwich.  Pluses - the line moves very fast, it's open late and lots of sweets to select from while waiting to pay.
5	This place was insanely busy.  Line was out of control.  Luckily it moved very fast.  I had the Italian sandwich and it was absolutely delicious.  It was a hot sandwich on some delicious bread and I want more.  Too bad there is not one of these in Atlanta.  I would be all over it (I love me some soup and a good sandwich).  Anyway, these people have their service down.  It was seamless and quick.  My only tiny complaint is that the areas where you get your fountain drink is a little small and congested and needs more room, but that's a small thing to a giant.  The table next to me had some mac and cheese and I wanted to ask for some, but didn't because that just wouldn't have been proper.  Boy did it look cheesy and good.  I meant to go back to Earl and get some of that, but you know how Vegas has a way of usurping good intentions.  Anyway,5 stars for great sandwiches!
5	Another destination I have to visit when I'm in town.  Place always has a huge line but it's open 24 hours which is awesome too.  Pretty cheap sandwiches for a place that's on the strip.  Their wraps and salads are okay.  But the sandwiches are the ones to get.  The turkey one with the cranberry sauce is my fave.  Two thumbs up!
4	My friend highlyyyyy recommend this place n said this is the BEST sandwich in the world. Seriously I'm not a big fan of sandwich n especially when I go Vegas......there are tonsssss of good food so I won't waste my quota on sandwich. Finally get a chance to try n it is really good. The combination of everything,,,,bread, chicken, pineapple, sauce,,,,,is just perfect! I gotta say it's a really good sandwich. Too bad it is located  in the sin city,,,,if not, I'm sure I will visit it more often. But still, it's a good choice if u need to grab a quick meal in Vegas.
5	Delicious, this place definitely lived up to the hype. I've been seeing pictures and check ins of my friends going out of their way to get a sandwich from here. I understand why. My family and I went after we drove in so it was a bit late, but it's Vegas there is no such thing as late. We got there and ordered a few sandwiches (that we washed down with drinky poos from Fat Tuesdays around the corner). I can only speak to the Chipotle chicken avocado (~$7). SO.. gewd. Well done Earl. The bread was toasted and crispy on the outside, the chipotle sauce offered a creamy spicy kick to the sandwich. The avocado was rich and creamy but didn't ruin the texture the sandwich like it sometimes does. Cheese yum. Chicken yum. We'll be stopping by again. If my relatively conservative/frugal parents thought that the sandwich was a good deal...that's saying something. They also enjoyed people watching the drunk party goers and assorted people walking by.
5	After drunken nights, this was the place to be at. Sandwiches are so Good. Kept telling my friends they should come out and try this place. Sure enough they loved it as well. Great pricing too. Will Def be Coming back!
5	Delicious and cheap food that's on the strip. Yes people it's that good and worth it. Anyone who says that they don't understand the hype isn't ordering the right things off the menu. Don't expect fireworks to go off with your first bite (and sadly I think that's what most people are expecting who give this place anything less than 4 stars) but what I think makes this place so good is the quality of the condiments that they use. I looove me some good mustard and boy do they have good mustard. High quality fast food in vegas..what else could you possibly want?
2	I had high hopes, but alas, they were dashed.  Although the flavor was good, they skimped on the ingredients.  Plenty of bread, of course, but unfortunately, like all chain sandwich joints, there was only a tiny bit of meat and cheese.  In fact, when I opened the wrapper there was no filler visible at all - my sandwich simply looked like a loaf of bread.  Only by peering at the cut end could I discern the miniscule serving of beef.  Even Subway (which does not taste as good) does better when it comes to quantity of filling.And of course it goes without saying that the sandwich looked nothing at all like the photos on the menu, with their hearty portions.Not recommended unless you fancy paying $8 for a small loaf of bread.Otherwise, the service was good and the restaurant was clean.
3	Good sandwiches but was overrated for me.Ordered the veggie sandwich, the bread was freshly baked which really made the sandwich great but everything else was minimal. If there were more "filling" I wouldn't have been hungry 30 minutes later (I have a big appetite). Line is fairly long depending what time you go. Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=uZk_ioJKzW6-L7covR02sQ#HHSYqasatWsq-_8KnBl9JQ
5	One of my all time favorite sandwich places anywhere! Consistently great quality, quick service and delicious food. Anything on the menu is good, but the earl's original is a must-try! Oh, also they have season specials, so get them before they disappear! I also love the way the system works ... order your sandwich, then pick up any sides, desserts, drinks, etc. then pay all at once at the end. The Vegas location is particularly awesome because it's 24 hours! Sandwiches all day everyday!!!
3	Best Cheap Eats at Planet Hollywood.Very consistent and nice price. Not the best sandwich but I tend to go their often!
5	This is the best sandwich place I've ever been to!  The first experience I had with Earl was the store in Anaheim and I felt in love with it ever since. I've heard many friends recommended the Vegas store so thought I will stop by for a try.  The Vegas Earl in Planet Hollywood taste so much better than the Anaheim store.  The bread was not as hard as the one in Anaheim so that's definitely a plus!It's so good that me and my husband ordered 2 sandwiches to go for our trip back to LA. Seriously, it's that good!  You gotta try it to believe it!  Recommend The Original an The Full Montagu sandwich.
5	Excellent Tuna Melt! Really enjoyed it even though my stomach was acting up and I didn't have a big appetite. I ate the first half there and saved the other half for later. The other half still tasted very good 3 hours later without even being heated up (as our hotel room didn't have a microwave).Great place to eat on the strip for a decent price.
5	Great sandwiches! Lively atmosphere!Nicely priced. Open 24/7. What's not to love?(May 2012)
4	Good sandwiches, but not the best.  A good, cheap alternative on the strip.  Can sometimes have a long line.  I prefer the Earl of Sandwich in Palms because there's never a line.
5	When I was researching for places to eat in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich was nowhere on my to go places.  My thought was, I flew hundred of miles to Vegas and a sandwich is not exactly glamorous or fancy!  We stayed at the Cosmopolitan and so Planet Hollywood is literally right across the street.  It was 3 am one night and my boyfriend was hungry, so I thought hey why not?? It's close by and it's open 24/7.I got the tuna melt and my boyfriend got the Original.  IT WAS AMAZING.  Seriously.  I know it's just a sandwich but it was seriously the most delicious sandwich I've ever had in my life.  The bread and temperature was right on point.  And if you factor in the ridiculous cheap price to get this piece of heaven, no wonder why this is ranked #1 on Yelp for Vegas! So glad the fat girl and boy in us were craving for food at 3 am and had Earl of Sandwich introduced into our lives.  My boyfriend made me walked back here 3 times to get more sandwiches.  Mind you, we were in Vegas for only 3 days.  We both love the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich the most.
4	Delicious Sandwiches for a reasonable price, so much better than Subway!Always love going here and getting a quick bite.
5	Great place for an amazing price.
3	I think the hype was too much. Slightly disappointed in the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. The price was unbeatable, but there was no real kick. I think if you are caribbean jerk, you need some spice and kick. Maybe they are catering to the common folk, but I was disappointed. It was chicken, and bell peppers,... that's it. I'd come back because the price, but I'd try a different sandwich.
4	Very good sandwiches, just a bit small.  Double the meat if you want a more manly sandwich.
4	I love this place 24hrs and the food is good. Good prices especially for vegas. I would not suggest getting the broccoli cheddar soup not that great quite watery and no flavor added. My boyfriend had the chicken tortilla soup he loved it. The look of the chicken tortilla  soup reminded me of the one chillis sells I don't eat chicken so I couldn't tell you if it taste the same but he seemed to really enjoy it.
5	I have been wanting to eat Earl of Sandwich for a while since people are always raving about how great these sandwiches are!My friend ordered the meatball sandwich & I ordered the chipotle chicken....The bread was toasty on the outside and soft on the inside. They were both delicious- mine was better though ;-)Located inside of Planet Hollywood and there was a bit of a line, but definitely a must-try!
4	Been back a few more times, never left less than pleased.  Their Italian sandwich is amazing, i suggest adding roasted red peppers and banana peppers if you're the type that likes a tang to ur italian sandwiches.  Their bread is ALWAYS so damn fresh!  The lines are always soooo long, it hurts when ur starving.  Their baked potato soup is just okay but the Mac n Cheese was delicious!  Expect to be a hawk for seats if you plan on eating there.  If you stay at the hotel, just take it up to ur room and pretend u ordered a $18 sandwich from room service, cuz it definitely tastes like one.
5	Wanted to try this place without waiting in line for 3 hours in downtown disney. so we stopped by while in vegas! Shared the full montagu, the original, caprese and Italian. Omg... So good, the bread was perfect! Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside! Also had the tomato soup which was really good as well! Went on a Monday, noon time, and wasnt a long wait. This is definitely a must have if ur in Vegas :)
5	wow. I am so glad that one opened up in Anaheim because I usually trek all the way to Vegas for this hot deliciousness wrapped up in 2 pieces of bread. I highly reccomend the Holiday turkey. It has stuffing, cranberry sauce, turkey and gravy allll in one sandwich. Taste bud explosion. The tuna is amazing !! Cold tuna, spread on 2 puffy pieces of bread and cheese melted to perfection. Spicy Italian, just like that all warm spicy meats sandwiched between 2 toasty buns !! I also have 1/2 a salad the Cobb is perfect. Cranberries, chunks of chicken, nuts, onions and ranch tossed in between crisp salad leaves. I love it here !
4	Went here in Atlantic City-Good soup! Although my boyfriend did spill hot tomato sauce from a sandwich on my brand new uggs....beware of the meatball hoagie!
3	tried this when I was out in Vegas last week.  Not bad, probably a step above the Subways and Quizno's out there, but no Pastrami on the menu?  That defies logic right there, but Earl Of Sandwich is good for that late night/morning sandwich urges if yer on the strip.
4	A very solid sandwich to be sure. Quality ingredients, speedy service, and great value. Well worth a try if you're in Planet Hollywood.
5	Whats more to say about this that has not been already written by other people. If you haven't been here, you must try it. They do hot sandwiches right!
4	EoS is a great spot at anytime of the day.  It's cheap, and I don't even mean for Vegas cheap.  Plus the Sandwich is filling, and the line goes by quick.  There's a lot of different kinds of sandwiches to choose from and most will cater to your tastes.I also have to give them Kudos because I can be a picky orderer.  Poor guys tried 3 times to make my sandwich, and finally after the 4th time, they got it right.  I didn't even know what was going on, I just thought it was taking forever to make my sandwich until I got it and they told me how tough it was.  Sorry Earl of Sandwich!
4	Hello yummy sandwiches! I've heard about this place from some friends and I've been meaning to try it. I have actually tried their other location back in the OC but I've been wanting to come here for so long!Without further ado - I would have to say that the sandwiches here are definitely better than the Anaheim location. However, sandwiches from both place are still delicious! I had the Original and the roast beef was TO DIE FOR. And the horseradish added a nice *kick* to the sandwich. I ordered a small tomato soup and it was just as good.My boyfriend ordered the Montagu and it tasted yummy! In my opinion, not as good as the Original, but nonetheless, still a good sandwich to eat.What else do I like about this place? IT'S OPEN 24/7!!!! ****
5	This place is pretty dang awesome at 4 in the morning... the tomato soup is THE Dish.  Also, the Italian is quite satisfying... definitely soaks up all the alcohol.  When in Vegas, this is a great filling station.The price is right too..
4	EARLS!!!!!!!!!!! You cant wander around the strip without getting a piping hot sandwich from Earls. These sandwiches are like crack....cant get enough. I dont know if its because of the bread or bc i partied so hard the night before but these sandwich are to die for. I usually get the Original - roast beef, cheddar and horseradish spread. The toasted meat with the melted cheese and the spice of the horseradish is a perfect combination of deliciousness Sandwiches are around 6-7$ which is a steal for eating on the strip. One sandwich usually fills me up but I usually order an extra for late night munchies after a night out. And if you didnt take my advice about ordering extra, Earls is open 24 HOURS so you can get toasted sandwiches all day!!
4	You have no idea how badly I wish there was an Earl of Sandwich location closer to where I live.These sandwiches are wildly delicious. And, it is an awesome choice to save half of the sandwich for later on in the evening, when you're returning home, drunk and starving, from the clubs. Plus, I believe this location is open all the time. But, of course it is -- it's in Nevada.The only thing that made me sad about Earl of Sandwich was that I waited in the huge, long line through Planet Hollywood, dreaming of the Italian sandwich I was about to eat (made with salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, mozzarella, tomato and Italian dressing), only to discover that they were out of these ingredients and couldn't make me one. At the last minute, I went with the plain and simple ham 'n swiss ($6.99).I wasn't sad for long, though, because the service was very efficient, and the sandwich was amazing. The ham was warm, the cheese was melty, and the bread was crisp and hearty. The ham 'n swiss is simple but so, so effective.I fantasize often about just driving the 32 miles to Downtown Disney in Anaheim solely to reunite with Earl of Sandwich.
4	Yummmm. Very good sandwiches, fast service in a very busy place. I def suggest you give it a try!
4	First time here and the earl club and chipotle chicken are awesome! Decent size and didnt even need to get chips on the side.I would come here again, the line was long and moved fast and our order came out even faster!
5	When I stayed at Planet Hollywood a few weeks ago, I often dined here. Their sandwiches are the best I have ever had. You can tell how popular it is by the long, long lines that this place has. You can see the employees make your sandwiches are They give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready to be picked up at the counter. I've tried the Earl's Club, Chicken Chipotle Avocado, and the Chicken Bacon Avocado Wrap. My favorite is the Earl's Club (it's displayed on the huge board above the area where you place your order). They have salads, wraps, soups, side items (pasta salad, potato salad, chips, etc), and hot and cold sandwiches. I'd say stick with the hot sandwiches because you won't be able to get sandwiches like these. They wrapped them up in a paper foil that keeps it hot and warm for a long time. The sandwiches are so big that I always have to save the other half for later. What's another great perk about this place? There's FREE WIFI!I can't wait to come back to Las Vegas. I will definitely frequent it whenever I'm in town.
4	if you're in las vegas and craving a quick bite on the strip then you must try earl's! (located in planet hollywood)they have basically all types of sandwiches and my oh my it is absolutely delicious! i always get the chipotle chicken and it is like heaven in your mouth, i'm not even a sandwich person!the line is usually pretty long but it moves fast and food comes out even faster.i highly recommend earl's!
4	Best sandwiches ever! I tried The Earls Club and it was bomb! I had to wait in a long line at 4 am but it only took 10 min to get my sandwich! Would definitely recommend !
5	Sandwich was amazing.. the line was long but, YUM. I will totally be back for more
5	Earl of Sandwich is one of the "it spots" of Las Vegas - and I can definitely understand the hype. For about $6-7 dollars, you get a delicious sandwich that will fill your tummy quite well before you start drinking the booze!- Tuna Melt: I'm not a big fan of tuna sandwiches, but oh goodness, this sandwich was just melt-in-your-mouth delicious! Just make sure you have gum so you won't smell too fishy afterwards!- Chipotle Chicken Avocado: I'm a big fan of chicken and avocado, so this was pretty much perfect. There was a good amount of sauce so the chipotle flavor wasn't too overpowering.- The Earl's Club: turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce and tomato. Basic sandwich, but tastes great!There's always a line (and a pretty long one at that), but the line does move pretty fast. If you can't get a table, at least it's easy to carry back to your hotel room! Sandwiches here are also a great for drunchies! ;)
5	No Vegas trip is complete without a semidrunken trip into one of the most scrumptious and always inviting sandwich spot that is Earl's. Between the bf and myself, we always get three sandwiches and a bowl of soup because after a long day of walking and losing, nothing says "you're still a winner in my book" like a hot tomato soup and a delicious chicken avacado. Friendly, quick, and affordable by Vegas standards. Grab a beer at ABCs a few stores down and you're all set for another day about town.
5	This place was a must go for me during our December 2012 trip to Vegas. We were starving when we landed in Vegas after 9 pm. So earl of sandwich was the natural choice. Situated inside planet Hollywood, this was the only place alive at midnight inside Ph. It was difficult to find a table even at midnight. We both loved the sandwiches and soups! My husband had the jerk chicken which he enjoyed a lot.
4	Cheap, bomb sandwiches open 24 hours a day inside Planet Hollywood!I've tried almost all the sandwiches on the menu and they're all great.My current go-to is the Tuna Melt, but the most popular are the Full Montagu and Earl's Club.They also have an excellent soup selection! Most popular is the tomato but I've taken a liking to the chicken tortilla recently.Their salads are also always fresh and worth a try.They've also started making wraps, which I haven't had a chance to try yet.The line is always long but it passes fast.You order at the register and they give you a receipt and a buzzer (is that what those are called?) for your food. You can then pick up drinks, chips, or other small items, such as fruit cups and parfaits, on the way to the next register, where you give them your receipt and pay.Find a table and when your food is ready, the buzzer will light up and vibrate.Get your food and enjoy!
4	ALL I CAN SCREAM IS T O M A T O   S O U P ! ! ! I really like the hawaiian sandwich - its a must try - but i love that sweet tangy taste - if you don't like sweet and tangy it is not for you.Earl sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood.It is always poppin when I pass by!Not sure if its something that I always have to have when I'm in Vegas but the tomato soup is very memorable.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  The line is ALWAYS crazy long --- but worth the wait!  And while you are waiting, you are inside the casino or the mall, so at least you are not standing outside in the rain/heat. :)  Hands down the best sandwich place in Vegas.
4	By far one of the best sandwich places ever. I had it first in Planet Hollywood, Vegas, however I was drunk when I had it, and when you're drunk everything is good. However I did have it again sober when it opened in Downtown Disney, Needless to say it was still great. Practically every sandwich flavor is guaranteed to satisfy your taste buds. If there is a line, do not fret, their service is fast enough and the sandwich is well worth it. They have drinks and cookies and salads but what everyone is truly there for is the sandwich. If you're ever in vegas or disneyland, eating at Earl of Sandwich is a must.
5	Always delicious! Always satisfying! And DAMN CHEAP.My girls and I alwaaays come here for lunch at some point during our Vegas trips, it's become our staple sandwich stop. I always go for the Caprese sandwich there (I'm a veggie gal) and ahhh so so yummy! The bread is perfectly toasted and yet soft at the same time, and as all caprese creations taste well together, Earl's somehow just does it better! And the portion size is just right for me. Keeps me full and satisfied!Good for your wallet and tummy.
4	Amazing Sandwiches available 24 hoursIn Vegas your are always up late and this is one of the restaurants that is open 24 hours.Not just it is open 24 hours, but it also servers some of the best sandwiches!I had the Earl club sandwich and it was better than the best ones I have had so far.My friends had some different sandwiches and were equally amazed.I would everyone going to Planet Hollywood to definitely try it.It is in the Planet Hollywood Casino Miracle Shops area.
4	Inside the Planet hollywood, walked over from bellagio or cosmo when ever have craving. Can't go wrong with their best sandwich in the world combo.
3	It is a good place for sandwich, but not surprisingly good. Ordered the tomato soup and the earl club sandwich. The soup, though very creamy as expected, is a bit salty. Couldn't finish a small one (maybe I wasn't hungry enough. But still don't think having a bowl of salty soup in the Vegas summer is a good idea). The bread of the sandwich is awesome, crispy, soft, and fresh. Also, the price here is very affordable, which probably is the reason why it got such a high rate on yelp.Would recommend it as a decent fast meal.
5	this place is the bomb!the sandwiches are so good.prices are reasonable.  you have to wait in line and after ordering, but not too long.  they're open 24/7. how convenient is that? whenever i'm at planet hollywood and i get hungry, this is my joint.
5	Wow. Waited in a super long line for a really short time. Really fast service which was surprising because the sandwiches were delicious. Come here and order any of the hot sandwiches. You'll be happy you did.
5	Had their chipotle avocado chicken sandwich and it was delicious! Best part of this place was that they are open 24/7 ( said one of the waitress at the casino). The place is located right outside a club too. So when your done clubbing you can just stroll right over and get some good food.
5	Earl of Sandwich is the reason why I stay at Planet Hollywood when I am in Vegas! It is the best place ever!!! My trip out to Vegas, I always have to get at least ONE sandwich here. My usual is the Earl's Club add pineapple and side BBQ sauce! Discovered the Tuna Melt and it is seriously the best Tuna Melt ever!There is always a long ass line! But I always call in ahead for pick up. I'm not about that life to wait in line, no thanks! But yes Earl of Sandwich is the best always will be a tradition for me to get a sandwich from them when i'm in Vegas!
5	I'm in love with their sandwiches, and will definitely be back next time. I had the Earl's club sandwich, but my friend's chipotle chicken & avocado was just as good! The bread is perfectly crisp and toasted, and I think is the thing that makes the sandwich taste that much better!! For $6-7, a very inexpensive meal choice in Vegas, you really can't go wrong.I've heard alot of hype about this place, and yes that wait in line IS worth it. Walked 15 minutes just to get to Planet Hollywood, where it's at. Once you enter into the entrance as you see Sephora, you walk all the way until you see ' YOLO's' restaurant. It should be on the left of that. Open 24/7!
5	I ALWAYS swing by this place when I get to Vegas. The bread hits the spot!Ya ya, i'll go to the Wynn buffet or whatever, but after a long night, I got to have my Sandwich from here!If you love Sandwiches, you'll love this. You'll also be surprised with the value, being right in the middle of the strip!
4	I had the chicken ceasar wrap and it was large enough and fresh troughout but could have used a tad more ceasar dressing to get less dry. The girlfriend took a grilled sandwich with chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and a chipotle dressing that was a couple of steps up from my wrap. Fresh chicken and nice hot loaf and a great chipotlemayo style sauce with a little kick to it. This is what i would have the next time!Coffee was a bit bland (like most coffee in the U.S) even though we choose the strong blend but not the worst ive had. Prices are a bit higher then the average Subway but also a little bit better in my opionon.
5	Great place for a quick hot Sub. Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Actually ate there three times on our trip.... Now every time we eat a sandwich, we complain... "it's no earl of sandwich..."
5	After eating at Carnevino, I said "I would have rather had Earl of Sandwich" and that was not referring to the fraction of the price it would have been.The Hawaiian sandwich, drink, and a Ghiradelli Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich may be the best meal for under $15 anywhere.  Had this 5+ times and every time I do, it pisses me off there is not a Earl of Sandwich in Seattle.....
2	What is that fascination with this place? They hardly put any meat in their sandwiches. The bread isn't the greatest. They overkill on the dressing. I can not understand why people flock to this place and give them 5 stars...... There are so many better choices for sandwiches in Las Vegas. This is not one of them.Btw. I am writing this review after trying 3 different items on their menu. Every experience was the same. Practically nothing in between the bread. Over doing the dressings. Bad bread.
2	Definitely overly hyped!Their bread is good, but their meat is poor, they barely put anything in between the slices of their bread! I felt like I just paid for their bread. I waited in line for 25minutes for the sandwiches with high expectations. Instead, I was still hungry after eating the sandwich and grumpty for having to wait that long for something not so amazing. What was I thinking?!I'm giving them two stars for their soft, delicious bread. However, if you don't like your bread being a little oily, you may not like it. You can definitely get better sandwiches at other local sandwich shops in Vegas. Definitely over hyped. You can definitely go if the line is short, but honestly don't wait in line. There are SOO many other places to eat in Vegas.
4	Open real late! delicious sandwiches!
5	A must every Vegas visit..The TUNA MELT is to die for! And If your not in the mood for that, try the MEATBALL or The HAWAIIAN BBQ!
5	This place is amazing! Great food, low prices and a short wait that doesn't jeopardize the quality of the product. A must if you're near by.
5	I love love love this place. I have tried it before, never knew where it was until last weekend.It's open 24 hours and most of the sandwiches are almost $7. The great thing is.. it's worth paying for it!Will go again!
5	Best Hot sandwich in the world!!!
5	I love the OG sammich! love, love, love!
5	Love this place, we stop in every time we're in town..  The highlight is that you get a great sandwich for $7 which is a bargain on the strip
5	I managed to convince a friend group of foodies to eat here while in Vegas. 3 times that trip. whoooooo Favs are the Holiday Turkey, Chipotle Chicken Avocado,  and the Original. Also a fan of their tomato soup, which tastes just like Campbells so it's kinda a nostalgic flavor
4	Very good. Always grab one when in PH!
4	Earl of Sandwich makes some of the best sandwiches you will ever eat in your entire life. They are consistent and decently priced when its not busy, but if you go near a lunch rush, the quality will go down a bit. This location isn't nearly as good as others I have visited around the US, but when you want something hot that doesn't cost $40 for lunch around the trip, this is your place. My favorite? #1 and the earl grey iced tea lemonade. DELICIOUS.
4	a rock solid, quick, inexpensive sandwich.  if you like hot sandwiches, you will like the Earl!
5	Even though there is an Earl of Sandwich nearby at Downtown Disney, I make it a point to only eat this at Vegas.  It's the perfect thing to have after a night of shenanigans.  I had the Full Montagu and Earl's Club during my stay at Vegas.  The Earl's Club is definitely the winner here.  It's delicious bacon goodness!
5	Just get one, I have had all of the sandwiches and they are all heaven!! My fav, jerk chicken, mmmm !!!
4	Great, relatively cheap hot sandwiches on the LV Strip.  It's tucked inside the Planet Hollywood mall shopping thing.  Not hard to find.I did wait in line around 1pm for about 10 minutes.  I also have been there at 11:30am with no line.  Either way, the line goes quick.  Sandwiches are not customizable much, as this is not Subway or Quizno's.  Just a heads-up.I've had the Thanksgiving turkey and the Jerk chicken sandwich.  Both absolutely delicious.  I found the the Jerk chicken exceptional.  Both are served up warm after being toasted.  Also, they aren't HUGE sandwiches--about 7 inches long.  Although I practically inhaled both of my sandwiches (I was hungry), I washed them down with several refills of their very tasty Earl's Lemonade, which has earl grey tea in it--kinda like their version of the old Arnold Palmer.  The desserts look very tempting, especially the vanilla bean cupcake.  Haven't tried one of those yet.  With drink, my bill was just north of $9.  Fair enough for an excellent sandwich.  I'll come back without hesitation.
5	Wow! It's hard to explain. These guys do sandwiches right! I got the turkey club, and man was it good. Now, don't go expecting 5-star restaurant food, they are just sandwiches... but seriously seriously good sandwiches.Bread taste buttery fresh and great bread to filling ratio, with delicious options. What more can you ask for?
5	I wish I could give it 6 stars. Seriously best sandwiches you will ever eat! Try it !
4	After hearing alot about this place, I finally was able to try it when I went to Vegas. I had the Earl's Club sandwich & ordered the tomato soup. The tomato soup hit the spot and it had pieces of bread inside too. The Earl's Club was on point. The sauce was good too. Next time I'll try something different but I'll be sticking with the tomato soup but going to get a regular size cause the small wasnt filling enough. It's located in Planet Hollywood and quite a walk, but worth it. And it's open 24 hours, good move!
4	Make sure your phone has a good charge for the wait in line, but the sandwiches are pretty on point.
5	Over 3 thousand reviews and almost 5 stars. WOWMy boyfriend and I had to get our Earl fix this weekend, so we ended up ordering 4 sandwiches, mac and cheese, potato salad, a cookie and a brownie filled with peanut butter. Did I mention this was all in 1 sitting? AAAHH!!We got the Holiday Sandwich, the Italian, the Pastrami and Full Montague. We definitely liked the Holiday the best. SO MUCH FLAVOR!!!!All the other sandwiches deserve a shout out just as much as the Holiday, but I'm sure they have been described many times by many people so I'll just stick with one.Do I need to get into details about the mac and cheese and potato salad? They were both fantastic! Definitely worth ordering again, and again.....and again.We were so stuffed, we didn't get to try the dessert :( so I guess we will have to get that once again on our next trip to either Vegas or Disneyland.
5	I finally had the chance to try out Earl's and I was very happy that I did!! I know it just a little place that have sandwiches, soups & wraps, but everything is Hot and made to order and the bread that they use is so fresh and soft on the inside with a toasted crunch on the outside. I had the holiday sandwich with turkey, stuffing & cranberry sauce and that was awesome!!! Hubby had the club sandwich and he loved his also. I can't believe I never stopped in before to grab one of these delish sammy on all my other trips in Vegas, but I will now. Very reasonable for Vegas prices.Also, the employee's here had smiles on their faces and were very fast & friendly and thats always a plus! Yelper's are right about this joint, try it out.
4	Decided to head down to the strip and deal with the crowds. Luckily it wasn't too crazy and the line moved pretty quickly. The wife and I decided to order 3 sandwiches to share. All 3 were really great sandwiches...the bread is amazing and I thought they portioned everything just right. It's not hard to eat a sandwich and a half but for food on the strip, the pricing is on point. The Full Montagu - I believe this is one of their staple sandwiches and that's for good reason. The turkey and roast beef are both tender and on their own, have great flavor. This sandwich came out with the perfect temp and both cheeses (aged swiss/sharp cheddar) were melted perfectly. They also add a killer mustard sauce which just made it even better.Chipotle Chicken Avocado - My wife's favorite of the 3. Large chunks of juicy chicken, a good amount of bacon and compared to most other sandwich joints, huge pieces of avocado. The chipotle sauce had great flavor and didn't overpower the sandwich which I really liked.The Italian - This was our least favorite of the 3 but still a good sandwich. The flavor was great but they put way too much Italian dressing on it. My favorite part was the cheese, I am a cheese lover and they put huge slices of fresh mozzarella on here...amazing!The bread was exactly the same on all 3 and it's definitely up their in the top for sandwich joints. It tastes fresh baked and it has perfect texture. It's a bit like ciabatta but without the crisp outside. Chewy all the way through, taste good and super soft. Just excellent bread!We also had some sides...potato salad and a fruit cup. The potato salad was ok and the fruit was fresh but neither stood out except for the prices. They give you very small prepackaged cups of the sides and they cost $2.49 each. I wish I had tried the mac n cheese that everyone seems to rave about.Was this the best sandwich I ever ate? No...but they were definitely on the top and deserve every bit of the thousands of positive reviews they get. They do have quite a small seating area and I'm usually not big on going down to the strip just to eat, but I wouldn't hesitate going back for more. In my opinion, PH has some of the best spots for food on the strip and Earl's is one of them.
4	Been there twice.Very good sandwiches and reasonably priced in a casino.Impressed with the speedy service, even though there is always a line.Wishes there are more of them in Las Vegas.Only 2 locations - inside Planet Hollywood and Palm Casino.
5	My husband and I tried this place right before we left Vegas. All I can say is YUM O!Definitely will return to eat here.
5	We had to hit this place up before we left Vegas. We had heard all weekend that their sandwiches were the best ever eaten...enough said. This one is in the Miracle Mile and is open 24hrs. It's hard to recommend a good time because it always looked like the line was long. We went Monday morning a little before 10 and amazingly the line was short - maybe 3 people ahead of us. Usually it's wrapped around the corner.My hubby had the Jerk Chicken and I had the Earl Club. I didn't ask him too many questions because I was too busy stuffin' my face. The bread they used was amazing. From the looks of it I thought it would be harder but it wasn't. The bread melts in your mouth and is perfect. If I could order just the fresh bread I would. Delish!The sandwich was perfect and like I said the bread was amazing. I recommend and will definitely come back again.
5	Would you believe my family and I spent $15 on a cab ride just to eat a $7 sammie? We decided we had to hit Burgr also just to make the trip "worth" it, but I can tell you, the All American itself accomplished that. The eating environment leaves something to be desired, but the execution of the American was perfect: a nice blend of savory turkey, melted cheese, fresh lettuce and tomatoes, with an added dimension of sweetness, thanks to the cranberries. The ingredients are neatly arranged without the bread getting soggy or the flavors ever getting lost. How do they do it? I don't think the concept of a hot sandwich is that novel (I literally never eat cold sandwiches, but that could be because I'm Asian?), and so the 5-star rating I'm giving surprises even myself. But then I remembered, this place is open 24/7. And it's cheap. And it's in Vegas. Even if you factor in cab fare, the Earl earns every star.
5	Love their hot sandwiches here! This place is located in planet Hollywood close to one of the north/west exterior entry doors.
4	The service was fast and the food was good.  However, I was expecting exceptional food as the ratings are so high.  It was a good place for a sandwich spot to sit either in the casino or mall.
5	Sandwich? I was like "uh sandwich? why?" and then i took a bite of my Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich and i could hear the chorus of angels all around me and i looked up with eyes that have just understood what you can't understand and I was like "sandwich. i know why now." Must go every time I stop by Vegas. The line gets long and the sandwiches are perfect for lunch. Just what I needed
4	I was pleasantly surprised here. The Mac and cheese was very flavorful and the portion was appropriate for the price (but it's not really a side dish!)The jerk chicken sandwich, was good but not at all spicy (a little tobasco fixed that) but the chicken was juicy and the banana pepper added a little bite. Great bread/content ratio.Good value. Great taste.
4	We always make it a point to go to Earl of Sandwich when we visit Las Vegas. Right on the strip by the Miracle Mile section of Planet Hollywood and is open all night. I always order the Full Montague and something else and while the something else is usually only decent, the Full Montague never disappoints. Definitely ideal after those drunken Vegas nights when you're ready to hit the sack but need a quick bite before going to bed. The only bad thing is they have the tendency to get real packed. I've seen the line reach all the way out to the main walkway where you enter from outside. As long as you avoid the rush you'll usually get your food within 10 minutes of ordering.
5	A BLT at 2am is the most amazing thing ever.
4	They don't have the BEST sandwich you'll ever eat, but its definitely up there!  compared to maybe SF's Ike's if you're from the bay area. (hence the 4 stars) But the quality of the ingredients is definitely fresh. Probably would be since they're so popular and have to restock quite often. Its great for eating there or to go since they have enough seating. Even their cookies are delightful! Particularly chocolate chip (:Have been to this place at least once every Vegas trip and will probably continue to do so in the future. Ideal for a good snack I would say!
4	Popular spot with good food. The sandwiches are tasty and the sides were nice. The bread was really fresh and flavorful.  If you are looking for a good value on the Vegas Strip, this is it.
4	Another popular and raved about sandwich joint I've heard so much about. And after seeing my gf's always post pictures of their sandwiches I had to try it out. But couldn't soak up the whole experience since I had a protein bar an hour before and was trying to avoid eating heavy since were going to go clubbing afterwards. Yes a very girly thing but hey, got to fit in my dress! just tried a few bites here and there. Went both friday and saturday and wanted to go back again. Something about the packaging reminded me of willy wonka's golden ticket that are hidden in the chocolate hahah. Can never get enough. Please come to LA Earl!_The original, roasted beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce was pretty good. I loved the horseradish sauce! It really made the sandwich stand out. Although a little too much meat for me. _The Full Montagu, roasted beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mustard sauce was one big juicy bite. Although it seemed a little too cheesy. I think either swiss or cheddar would be good but having both was a bit too rich for me. But I'm sure most like a whole lot of cheese. Luckily the small amout of lettuce and tomato helped a bit._Chipotle Chicken avocado, grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce and chipotle sauce was my favorite. The chipotle sauce was great and not too overdrenched. Every bite was better and just melts in your mouth. _Baja Chicken salad, romaine, grilled chicken, cheddar, cilantro, avocado, tomatoes, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips, and red wine vinaigrette was refreshing. The salad was a bit small of a portion but not bad. Nothing amazing. But good to share with a friend and half a sandwich. I would definitely come back and this time make sure not to eat any protein bars beforehand haha. And wear a more loose dress. Can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches!
5	best. sandwiches. ever. after a few beers, this place hits the spot. it was the only place open at 4am and was packed but you cannot rush perfection. lol
5	Best sandwich ive ever had!! The BLT was heavenly!
4	Cheap and delicious. A level above fast food. I had the Thai chicken wrap. The sauce was peanuts with chili for only $6 and my husband had the Italian sandwich with provolone cheese and pepperoni and other meats. Also the same price. A great place for a quick bite to eat.
5	The Tuna Melt sandwich is heavenly! I'm not a big sandwich fan, let alone a warm sandwich; but I don't know what Earl puts in his sandwiches but they are AMAZING! The bread is so fluffy and light, which I'm grateful for because I'm not a big bread fan, if I have to eat a sandwich, it will usually be wrapped in lettuce or I'll just strip it naked! The blend of tuna and cheese is delicious; the entire sandwich fits well together. My bf got the Salami or something like that but he loved it! I also tried their Tomato Basil soup and Chicken Tortilla soup; and both are really tastey! If you're a big soup fan like I am, I definitely recommend complimenting your sandwich with a soup. The first time I had Earl of Sandwich was in Anaheim in Downtown Disney, but for some reason, I didn't remember if I liked it or not. This location in Vegas however, left me craving for more my entire trip! I wish we had gotten more. All and all, I highly recommend trying Earl of Sandwich.
2	Based on the Yelp recommendation that "Vegetarians go nuts for this place", I came and stood in the long line until I got almost to the front and noticed that there is only one vegetarian sandwich on the menu. And it's the same boring sandwich that I've seen many times at delis.I'm not sure how to let Yelp know that they definitely need to remove the vegetarian tag for this place, because it's not any more vegetarian friendly than any other restaurant in Vegas, so just be warned!
5	Wow this place is sooo amazing. Well at the time I ate it, I was blown. away. Full montague and the original makes a good lunch! (Not the hugest of sandwiches, unfortunately.) Had the carribean jerk flavored one which I also enjoyed ahhh warm bread.Not a fan of the lines though.
4	Great sandwiches
3	a little more expensive for the feeling of a a glorified quizno's...but not bad
5	Husband & I split a ham n' swiss one night (actually more like early morning). It was so good! The cheese was nice & melty, mustard was evenly distributed, and the bread was nicely toasted. The best part was they were open late night.
4	I had this inside the Palms Casino... food was good. Only thing that ticked me off was the face that I had to wait 15 minutes for VIP authorization to charge it to my room???
4	Pretty good sandwiches lines are long though!
4	Always love getting a sandwich from here. Just have to look out for the long lines. The sandwich is always good but never the best I have ever had. So I am a fan and always look forward to my next sandwich.
3	Have heard of this place and the deliciousness of its fare and decided to check it out while it Vegas.I bought two sandwiches (jerk and chipotle chicken) and a Caesar salad to take away for myself and my boyfriend. Mixed reviews. My jerk chicken sandwich was warm, fresh and utterly delicious. No complaints. My boyfriend however only rated his chipotle average. Likewise the Caesar salad was ordinary at best and I would have liked there to have been more than just a small half-full container of dressing.It's definitely worth trying however you and your pocket might be more satisfied with the nearby Subway.
3	Earls....I honestly eat this stuff every single time i stay at PH. I ate it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner before. I am scared from it. But I'll write a review because I never did, and there is one sandwich I would always get. it is the Thanksgiving special one: Turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. I love that one and I highly RECOMMEND IT. Other than that, i try all the sandwiches and it's whatevers to me. The tomato soup is good too.
1	The prices are typical Strip inflated. $3 for a bottle of water. The sandwich cost more than twice the cost at Subway, an the flavor was almost 10% of the flavor/quality of the typical Subway sandwich. I won't consider returning
3	I remember in the past liking this place. I haven't been in a few years. Went by today to geta sandwich. Let's just say I left without getting anything. Yelp needs to change that vegetarians go nuts for this place tag line. The only thing we do is go nuts and walk away frustrated. I know they make good sandwiches but nothing I want to eat. Meat eaters enjoy. This place is good. Just not very vegetarian friendly unless you like eating a boring cheese sandwich. No thanks.
4	Delicious hot sandwich, very minimal wait time.  A fast food restaurant setup and price with actual food that is fresh.  Had the Earl club and my wife the Caribbean jerk both flavourful and huge portion.  He clam chowder was nice and thick needed more salt.  Would definitely be going back and recommend to my friends.
5	What can I say? This place is self-explanatory once you've had a bit of their delicious sandwiches. I always get the Montague and recently tried the Hawaian and that is AHHHmazing! lol.. Open 24 hours so you can get those shiny little gold bricks anytime!
5	So Delicious!!!!!!!! Sandwhich was even good when we drove home from Vegas and the next day drove to Yosemite! Such a good treat on the road. You really need to try this place. The food is always cooked to perfection! Always!
3	The cheapest and best meal you can get in Vegas especially when you're drunk and starving! I've only tried their meatball, chicken chipotle, and mac n cheese. I honestly did not like it the first time I had it. I thought it was hyped up way too much. The second time I had it, I thought it was amazing, but then again it's because I was starving my ass off after all that day drinking. The mac n cheese is kinda gross so don't get that! Just don't come here more than once a day or even on your trip cus you will get sick of it!
5	Earl of Sandwich is a or eat place to catch a sub at anytime of the day. It's in Planet Hollywood so it's right in the middle. The sandwiches are fair price but the sandwiches have a lot of flavor. The lines can get get long but they go fast and they also serve you fast as well. The warm delicious sandwiches that they serve up here is one of the best things you can grab in Vegas when your drunk out your mind or just hungryThe bread here is very very very Good!P.S if you head here around midnight they stop service for about 15 minutes to restart the registers. This also near Fat Tuesday
1	After reading all the great reviews about this place, my friends and I decided to go here. I have to admit, I'm rather disappointed. There was a long line for this place so that's always a good sign that there is something good about it. I was wrong.Ordered The Earl's Club, Full Montegu, and Thai wrap.The crust of the bread on both sandwiches were way too hard. It got to the point where I wanted to just dunk it in water to soften it up. It also felt like they skimped on the meat and veggies. The sandwiches were just not satisfying at all.There was barely any chicken in the Thai wrap. Like two pieces? Felt like I was just eating a veggie wrap. Maybe it was just a bad order or just an off day...but seriously, I'd rather go to Subway and get a 5$ foot long.
5	Excellent sandwiches. The place is always busy and it makes sense why. I always eat here when in Vegas.
4	We had a quick meal at the one in Planet Hollywood.  It was a good sandwich at a "normal" price.  So many places in Vegas are overpriced for what you get,  it was quick and not "greasy" as some places can be.
3	I don't see what the big deal is. It's a sandwich. Comparable to Schlotzky's.
4	The sandwiches are very good but I wonder about all the 5 star reviews.  It is just a sandwich and cannot say it is the best ever!  They were very good, and the best is that they are open all night.  This is Las Vegas so at some point you will crave a good sandwich.  For the price and food, this is probably the best place around for that!
1	SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN ALL THE 5 STAR RATINGS!After we paid, my friends and I sat down at a dirty table (there were no clean ones anywhere). One friend got the Buffalo Chicken wrap; it wasn't stellar. Another friend got one of the ham sandwiches and threw half away. They did enjoy the mac and cheese though, but it could have easily just been repackaged Stouffer's.They didn't make my wrap until I walked back up and asked why people who haven't paid yet are getting called before me. Apparently if you're order gets looked over, there's no way of knowing that it wasn't made until you go up and say something. The manager who was there could not have been less concerned. I got the spicy tuna wrap, which wasn't spicy. The tuna was flavorless, but at least the veggies were fresh. Nothing to write home about. Just a bad experience overall.
5	Was there last week on vacations and went to this place twice!! Loved it!!! Carribean jerk chicken sandwich is so good! Never had a hot sandwich like that elsewhere!
5	My favorite sandwich spot. I get the earl club, unsweetened lemonade, and a brownie. It's official. Nuff said. jk I've tried their tuna salad not bad either.
5	tasty hot sandwiches. prices are cheap considering its on the strip. i wish they honey mustard on the table instead of grey poupon.
4	Delicious! the original with no horseradish and a side of tomato soup! cant beat it, and i love their croutons in the soup. Line is usually a mile long but its worth the wait.
3	Sandwiches are ok, and prices are high. Yes, they are always open, so you can go their after a night of hard drinking, but the food is just ok. Earl Club Ok, Montague ok, Ahi Tuna is just a tuna sandwich you can make are home. Soup, straight from instant powder section. Friendly and fast service, but many places can fulfill this need. Overall, overrated.
5	Love it! The tuna melt is delicious.
3	5 Stars Really?  For a sandwich place?  It really is not that sophisticated food.  Capriotis is just as good and if I pressed their sandwich flat would probably be ten times better.  Tourists are voting this one up being that they can get something on the stirp for less than ten dollars.  Overhype.  Maybe 5 stars if your from a small town in Ohio and not much impresses you.
4	Wandering around on the strip one afternoon gambling and drinking, decided we wanted a quick bite and happened up Earl of Sandwich. Great made to order hot subs fast! I went with the turkey club and did it hit the spot, yum. I will definetly go back, it was a delicious sandwich.
4	This place is fantastic.  Always open, centrally located and full of delicious sandwiches.  Can't say anything that hasn't been said already, I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting a good cheap meal.
5	Giving this place a 5 stars because I really like the "Holiday" sandwich.  It came with cranberry jam that is so delicious!  Also the bread is soft and the meat is not overly flavored or salty.  Be prepare to wait a while for your order to be ready.  We had to wait about 30 minutes before we got our.  But while you wait you can walk around and take a look around or even play the slot machines because they give you this beeper device thing that will go off once your order is ready.
5	One of my favorite places to eat at while in Vegas! I'm seriously going to stay at the PH next time I'm in town just for these sandwiches. No joke. Besides the fact that this place stays open 24/7 (which I know is not uncommon in Vegas) they always hit the spot. Doesn't matter if its 5am after the club or 2pm for lunch. This last trip to Vegas I think we ate here for almost every meal and I never got sick of it. I'll break down the sandwiches I got. Earls Club - this one is my personal favorite. It sounds basic but everything in it just works so well together and it was refreshing and juicy compared to the others. After a harsh night or partying this one was a nice pick-me-up. The Original - this one had roast beef and like a horse radish cream sauce. This was pretty good but could have used a little more of the horse radish sauce as it got a little dry towards the end but the roast beef was cooked perfectly. Holiday Turkey - this one is seasonal I believe but I wish it was year round. This one was amazing! I love making left over turkey sandwiches after Thanksgiving and this one was almost spot on but with better bread then I use (their bread is fresh baked and the perfect blend of soft yet sturdy). Cannonballs - this is their meatball sandwich and this was awesome as well. It just works perfectly with their fresh baked bread and the sauce they use is legit. Caribbean Jerk Chicken - my friend loved this one and got it several times. We even stopped on the way to parking garage just to handle the craving for the road. I didn't try it but he raved on and on about it and I plan on trying it next. Maybe the Anaheim location? Their desserts are also pretty good. We got the red velvet cupcake and the brownie bites. Check this spot out! Even if the line looks long don't be scared, it moves pretty quick and the workers were very friendly too. I wish they had more locations in So Cal.
4	If you are looking for a cheap and fairly healthy meal it cannot be beat.I had the holiday Turkey, and it was very, very good.Do not pass this place up if it is near lunchtime.
3	I'm really not a sandwich girl but I had a bite and ordered soup.  For a quick bite in PH it's OK.  It's a sandwich.  The line tends to be long during peak hours so be prepared.  It goes fairly quick though and the staff are fairly efficient.  Sometimes there is even someone walking through the line who will hand you a menu so you can decide before you make it up to the counter.  Also, they give you a buzzer to notify you once your order is ready.  They have typical beverages including sodas, juices and even gatorade.  They also sell beer by the bottle.  Additionally, they have about 3-4 soups available per day.  Salads too.  Plenty of seating as people are pretty much in and out.
3	Had a pretty tasty Meatball sub there and my girl had some soup that she didnt like. We never come down to the strip but if your drunk at 2am this will def hit the spot.
4	Big Fan of the Sandwiches here.Judging from my Vegas Pictures, the sandwich and I had an amazing time. I had the Tuna Melt and the ratio of mayo-tuna-bread was perfectJudging from my reciept, I think I had two of themThis is a staple of my vegas diet.
5	Everytime I'm in Las Vegas, I hit Earl of Sandwich.  Always a great sandwich.  I like the Full Montague best.  They're open 24 hours which is always a good thing in Vegas.  Best thing is that it's very cheap for food on the strip.  Try it out.
5	we found this place while wandering on the strip (of course using yelp!!).only one size sandwitches. but oh-my-god!!!the sandwitches are to die for...i think one of the best randomly discovered placez everrr!!!
4	This is by far the best value on the strip! It costs less than $7 for a good-sized sandwich. The hubs had the Italian which was really good, and the parents had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich which they both enjoyed. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich which was average, but was good enough for me. This spot was hard to find initially, as I thought it was inside Planet Hollywood. You can get to it from there (near the Pleasure Pit table games), but it is much easier to access through the Miracle Mile Shops mall. Enjoy!
3	Rude MOFOS run this place, pardon me for putting it that way Great tasting sandwiches but the rudest people I've ever dealt with, it's in planet hollywood and noisy all around so I say I'll have the sandwiches here and the lady at the counter snaps at me saying they don't have trays and we have to open the packets and eat, OK not a problem but why are you snapping at me, I didn't tell you to bring it to my table or to feed me. Next I'm looking around for some tissues or paper towels or whatever's c'mon people its the same! And I ask this lady setting stuff up near the soda machine and she just gives this expression of disbelief for not saying paper towels WTF, you know what I'm talking about just point.Not a nice experience.
3	I stumbled upon Earls of Sandwich after seeing 3000+ reviews on Yelp.Visited on 12th October 2013, around 3:00 PM. Although the queue was long, did not have to wait for more than 10 Minutes. Ordered for Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Sandwich was just of right size, which won't make your stomach feel heavy.Its tasted good, light and healthy.A good option, when compared to other fast food joints on strip. Located inside Planet Hollywood near Race and Sports Book.Open: 24 Hours.
5	Always a sandwich GO TO!! located in the miracle mile shops.. right next to a casino, perfect ;)!!
5	Looking for a quick cheap bite of food right on the strip? Well look no further than the Earl of Sandwich at PH - it is worthy of the title Earl of Sandwich for a reason. The location is in the rear of PH near the mall area and generally has a steady line throughout most of the lunch and evening dinner rush. My first visit I had the BLT and was pleasantly surprised by flavors of just those basic fresh ingredients. The bacon was generously diced up and tied together on their signature bun so well we came back the next day. I then tried there Holliday sandwich at the recommendation of my friends, though it is not the same as Capriotti's I was slightly nervous ordering it here. IT IS SIMPLY AMAZING. The simple flavors of thinly cut turkey, cranberry, and stuffing come together so well on this sandwich I  wish there were more locations throughout the U.S. The house brand chips pair very well with any sandwich you order - my personal favorite was the sea salt and vinegar.There is a selection of teas, soda's, and beer offered at this location with prices on par with other locations in the area.5 stars - you have to check this out, it's worth your time.
5	Its greaat.  Way better then subway!!
4	bricks of gold, all flavors are good!
1	I had the Tuna which tasted good, Unfortunatly I got food poisioning and now I will never go there again.
2	Extremely overrated. Nothing at all to write home about. I don't understand the hype.
5	I had the holiday turkey sandwich today and it was amazing!! Turkey dinner on a roll! The husband got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich and loved that too. We will Definately be back! And for less than 7 bucks a sandwich it is probably one of the cheapest and healthiest items on the strip!
1	I asked what vegetarian options they had, because the extensive meat based menu was rather long. I was told they had a veggie sandwich that wasn't on the menu. When I asked what was in the veggie sandwich, I got told it had vegetables in it. Really? I would have never guessed that! Work on clearly setting out your menu or not hiring airheads.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect from this place after realizing it's inside of a mall, yet the thousands of Yelpers did not let me down. Earl of Sandwich has a large selection of hot sandwiches at very reasonable prices compared to other places on the strip. Most of the entrees are $7, and you can get out with a fountain drink and chips for about $10 total. I ordered the Caprese sandwich and I would definitely recommend it for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. The fresh mozzarella was delicious and creamy, the bread was nicely toasted, and even the balsamic was good. The tomatoes were a little flavorless, but this isn't the season for fresh tomatoes anyway.I'll definitely try to make a second trip out here before I leave to try another one of their sandwiches. There are other good restaurants in Vegas, but none of them come close to the bang for your buck that Earl offers.
2	Earl of Sandwiches, the greatest food for drunks, but not when one is sober! 4.5 stars is far too generous for this place. In closing it's just a sandwich joint with one type of bread.
4	Took me awhile to find this place. I had to go through the Miracle Mile walk pass all the hot ladies in the Pleasure Pit. Anyways, that's another review...I've been eating at Lee's Sandwiches all trip and I was told about Earl of Sandwich and I'm so glad I took my friends recommendation! I had the Chipotle chicken avocado which was delicious! I don't care too much for sub sandwiches but Earl's is really good! I will definitely be back to try some of their other subs.
5	This change what I think of Sandwich
5	Found this inside the Miracle Mile shops next to Planet Hollywood. Simply put the best meatball sub I've ever had. The bread was crisp outside, soft inside. Most places drown it in marinara making for a soggy sandwich.  There was the perfect amount. The meatballs were tender and tasty.  The cheese was gooey but not greasy. Awesome sandwich! It was crowded on a Saturday night but seating wasn't a problem. I got a pager to let me know when it would be ready and that only took a few minutes. If I'm in Vegas again I'll visit for sure.
4	One of the hard things about being on the Strip is finding good, quick food.  There are definitely a lot of fast food restaurants but not necessarily the quality fast food that you could get at a place like Frontera.  However, this answers that need.  It is a great sandwich, at a good price, and delivered very quickly.  The portions are generous, the soup is tasty, and the service friendly.  If you're looking for a quick and tasty bite, this is it.
1	Heard good things about this place so we stopped by while shopping. Huge mistake. My friend got food poisoning from the turkey sandwich. I had a chicken sandwich that was basically bread and sauce. Not good at all. Even the Mac n cheese was bad. Never again.
2	I've had waaaay better sandwiches. It's perfect for the late night "smokers" that don't care about what the food taste like as it is shoveled into their face eyes closed.
5	I had the best tuna melt I have ever had in my entire life last week at Earl of Sandwich.  I wish I would have had time to go back and try another sandwich (the Thanksgiving one, perhaps?!).  It seems like there is usually a bit of a wait for your sandwich - I waited about 20 minutes.  BUT... it was 100%, completely, totally worth it.  Every bite was like magic in my mouth.
4	Wish I could give 4.5 stars. Love their tuna melt. Would go here over Sugar Factory any day of the week. Sugar factory restaurant suck. Earl of Sandwich is excellent.
5	Used to live right next to the location by Veer Tower at Planet Hollywood.  This place is the stone cold nuts / the bomb.   Love everything i've tried there.  Only way it could be better is if the sandwiches were a little bigger for the $ charged.
5	This establishment is as advertised!   It provides outstanding quality regardless of price.   What is interesting to observe is their prices are substantially lower than anyone else that offers quality on the Las Vegas strip.  Kudos
5	Love it~ Should be on your list of must eat places on the strip. Decent prices and long hours.
5	Had their breakfast sandwich....really yummy!!!! Breakfast BLT add egg n a lil Dijon.....bomb!!!!!! A must try....
4	Great sandwiches. This was our last stop before leaving Vegas and it was a great one. Can't recommend it enough. We just discovered they have one in Downtown Disney and we can't wait to go!
4	I am not really a tuna melt person- but after reading  the reviews for this place, I decided to get out of my comfort zone and go with the tuna melt.  Great decision!!  The bread was delicious and the tuna was very tasty.   I like Firehouse subs and this one will be at the top of my faves.
4	Earns a spot as one of the best sandwich places in Vegas.  Wished it wasn't so hard to get to so for that honor I give it to Capriotti's
5	Now open 24hrs!!!I like it when I'm sober and even better when I'm drunk! Located in Planet Hollywood, I am so in love with this place! I wish there was a sandwich joint like this in the Bay Area. I love the Full Montagu and the classic Earl. The BLT is a classic that can't go wrong. For a good $10 with chips and a soda, you can definitely share if you aren't too hungry. I come here at least 3-4 times during my stay in Vegas. I can't wait to go back.
5	Great sandwich shop located in the mall by planet Hollywood. I had the chipotle avocado  chicken sandwich and it was great. The price was decent compared to other stops in the area. If you want a good sandwich without killing your wallet then don't miss out on the earl.
4	They had very good sandwiches.  I had the BLT and was surprised at how delicious it was.
4	From what I can remember - I got the club sandwich and it was bomb. I wish I would've seen if they had cream cheese to add to it, because that would've made this 4 star sandwich a 5 star. Maybe next time I'll go when i'm sober and it's not 7:30am!
5	I absolutely love the sandwiches here!!!  I wouldn't have known about it if my awesome Yelp Elite friend Shanon Y didn't alert me of this awesome place when we met up in Vegas.  Next to PF Chang's, this sandwich shop is definitely the Earl of sandwiches.  The bread is warm, chewy, perfect in texture and they have a variety of choices!Per Shanon's suggestions, we got the original (roast beef) and chipotle avocado chicken.  At $6.49 a piece, you can't beat the price and the quality of the sandwiches here!  We actually went back later and got a salad but it was nothing special.  More like the kind of you get in grocery stores when the lettuce is very dry and tasteless, so avoid the salads.We went back again before our flight took off and got the Holiday Turkey and Tuna Melt to take with us on the plane as our evening meal.  Even though they cooled down by the time we boarded, both were still unbelievably tasty!  If you are on the Vegas strip and looking for a cheap meal that still tastes good, come here!  They have lots of seating available and open 24 hours!  The only thing is that I wish they offered a vegan option, I think that would make me give them a million stars!
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I make it a point to come here. They have the best sandwiches without breaking the bank. Love the Cannonballs sandwich & the tuna melt.
5	Best sandwich spot IMHO.  Trumps Quiznos, Togo, Subway.  Wish there was one in the Bay Area!
5	Turkey with stuffing and cranberries is awesome! One of the few restaurants on the strip that is a good value. Pleasantly surprised.
4	Totally a fan of this place. It's also slightly better than the Earl of Sandwhich at the Downtown Disney location in Anaheim for some reason. I've eaten at both locations several time already now. The only thing that bugs me about this place is the line. The line is pretty long and it can take awhile for you to get your order. And the last time I went here, they ran out of potato salad, which is my absolute favorite side here!! I was totally bummed out about that. Regardless, I still highly recommend this place.
5	excellent afterhours, late-night spot. soups, sandwiches, salads, & desserts are also excellent.
3	I had the Italian sandwich and it was rather underwhelming.  Mostly bread, very little meat/cheese/veggie.  I will try something else next time. Their tortilla soup was good.
5	Awesome every time.  Just get in line and get a sammich.  Trust me..
5	Great on the go sandwiches! A little on the pricey side but that's expected for a casino deli.
5	Love love love Earl's! I've been here sober, drunk, and hungover and their sandwiches are still just as tasty. At about $6 a sandwich, it's definitely a good deal. They actually have great breakfast sandwiches too for about $3 or $4.My favorites are the Full Montague and the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado. With any sandwich, the bread is super important and it seems that Earl's does that just right.I come here almost every night of going out in Vegas, and I never get tired of it.
5	I  love this place and their free water cups :) Always stop by after work!
4	Sandwich was tasty and service was good.  I would go back.
5	I seriously get a sandwich from Earl's everytime I'm in Vegas! I've tried a lot of their sandwiches and have been extremely satisfied with them all. But I must say.. Their Holiday Turkey Sandwich is amazing! I wish they had it all year long not just during the holidays! Its a must try.
5	my favorite sandwich place by far! The roast beef is on point. I wish they had more locations. SO GOOD! This location was open late at night (2am). i was sooo happy!
4	I'm such a fan of Earl's freshmade sandwiches. They're inexpensive compared to other places in Vegas, quick, and opened late after your clubbing adventures or whatnot. I really like the chipotle chicken avocado but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. They also have specials every so often which are only during a certain holiday but usually super delicious! I had their pesto chicken once during a trip in January and it was memorable ^_^ Definitely always stop by when I'm in Vegas. Worth visiting!
5	I'm Addicted to Earl of Sandwich! Love there Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. The quality is always there and they have a great variety as well. Prices are reasonable. Idk if they change the prices based on there location here in Vegas due to it being in a Vegas strip hotel or in a more local community location. A must stop for a food craving.
3	Restaurant was clean, and the food overall seemed like a more healthy choice than the other neighboring restaurants. The chipotle chicken sandwich was delicious. The tomato soup was tasty but it tasted a bit diluted. I'm giving this place a 3 because it wasn't outstanding in any way but will definitely do the job if I need a quick bite to eat.
5	soo good warms the tummy
4	Great sandwiches! Open late! I've been here a couple of times.  One time had to skip though because the line was five times as long as I had ever seen it.  But the sandwiches are totally worth it.  I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was amazing.  Ate half of it later and it was still good and flavorful.  After a late night, we called to see if they deliver. Sadly no.. they don't.
5	This place is one of my favorite things about Vegas!! It's open 24 hours which makes it even better! I've had a few different sandwiches, and each one has been good! The line can get long, but they're pretty quick.
5	Tips:Chicken Avocado sandwich is my favoriteFull Montague comes 2nd.Open 24 hours--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The sandwiches here are AMAZING whether you're drunk or sober. I don't know how they make it taste so good or it might just be my imagination since I only get a Earl of Sandwich a couple times a year. Either way I highly recommend making a stop here if you're in Las Vegas.My absolute favorite is the Chicken Avocado sandwich, it's perfectly warm, chewy, and saucy.  The Full Montague is not bad as well if you're not feeling in a chicken mood.One critique: I wouldn't recommend getting the broccoli cheddar soup, in my opinion it was a bit too salty for my taste.This place is open 24 hours which makes it a great late-night snack.The line can get pretty long at peak times, but I promise it's worth the wait.
5	Excellent hot sandwich. Cheap price too. I ordered the full montagu and I would order again. My husband for the original 1762 and it was also good. I liked the full montagu better because it had a greater variety of flavor that blended so well together. Fast too.
4	Great place to eat any time of day. My husband ate the Caribbean Jerk Chicken at least 3 times during our stay. I had one of the chicken wraps (only complaint was that I wish the chicken had been warm/hot) and a breakfast sandwich - all really good. Highly recommended if you're staying (or playing) at Planet Hollywood!
5	It's already obvious that Earl of Sandwich needs no further reviews, but I'm here to stand by the 3,000+ Yelpers who absolutely love this place!My personal favorite is the FULL MONTAGU followed by the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. No need to get all fancy with this review... But all you need to know if your a Vegas visitor is that you have to check this place out.BOMB SANDWICHES. FAST SERVICE. AVAILABLE 24/7. SUPER CHEAP.If Yelp offered a 6th star, I definitely would rate Earl's with 6 stars. Better yet, if Earl franchised everywhere, Subway would be going down--BOOM!!
4	Too much meat!
3	The boyfriend really wanted to try this place while we were out in Vegas for our mini vacay since a bunch of his friends were raving about it. Read the yelp reviews and was pretty impressed and excited to try it. We ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken, The Italian, Chicken Baja Wrap and Tomato Soup. I was not impressed and wasn't quite sure what all the hype was about. It just tasted like a regular boring sandwich to me. Nothing special whatsoever. Even the croutons in my tomato soup were all stale and soggy. Not sure what people find so great about this place.
4	Good "fast food" sandwich shop. I've been here probably 10+ times and wasn't as wowed this trip to Vegas as I have been the last few but still a good bite and pretty quick (as long as the line isn't insane). I've never had a sandwich I didn't like, though I'd say I could leave the salads I've tried there.
4	First time trying their sandwiches. Ordered the Earl's Club and loved it. :) I'll be sure to visit the one in Anaheim since its closer to home. Wait time was a little long, but everything in Vegas has a wait.
5	Are you in line right now asking your hungover or tipsy bff, "What are you getting? What should I get?" Let me make your happy life even easier - get the Full Montague. There are enough reviews about the sammiches so I'll talk about their new salad menu - tis' awesome!!!I highly recommend picking up a salad with your sammich- your immune system needs some freshly tossed greens and protein so you young souls can twerk/untz even harder this weekend. I've tried the Berry, Chicken and Almond salad cus I was looking for something tangy and refreshing and it was delicious. Go for the Earl's Cobb salad if you're feeling savory - there's bacon in there, life's always better with bacon.I also like to layer some of the leafy greens into my sandwich - makes everything that much more refreshing, especially if you're here for lunch. The fresh crisp texture of the greens adds awesome to the already awesome sammich.You should also consider ordering a second sammich to-go. Tastes great even when cold and it makes the best bedding for your tummy before your crazy adventure time. The nights when you have absolutely no time to grab a bite because you're on a guest list and your promoter says you gotta be in line by 8:30pm sharp.Have an awesome adventure time and cheers!
5	If you ever come to Vegas, and not "getting any". You can find your orgasm here!Sooo juicy and delicious. Some of my favorite are:- The original: Very meaty and spicy- The Chicken Avocado Chipotle: The avocado is super fresh.- The Cannon Ball: the meatball is extremely good. I am not a big fan of having veggie inside the meatballs so this is perfect. Just 100% meat.
4	Yelp led me here.  Thank you Yelp.   This place is great.  Good food, good price and very convenient.  Upon my first visit, I tried the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was fantastic!  The second day I came here I got the Holiday Turkey.  While the Holiday Turkey was good it just didn't satisfy me like the Chicken Avocado did.  I would definitely recommend this place and will be visiting here again.
3	I needed something to hold me over before dinner.  Anything is better than McDonalds so as I walked by, I saw the Earl of Sandwich.  I ordered the Italian and it was a couple types of meat on a really good heated fresh baked roll.   I was pleasantly surprised that the sandwich was tasty.
4	Great place for a quick bite at a reasonable price. Very fast service too!
4	Love Earl's! I swear, I think my friends and I stay at PH just so we can have easy access to this place. The sandwiches are pretty much as good as sandwiches get. The bread is perfect to hold together all that deliciousness. I've had the Earl's club, tuna melt, caribbean jerk chicken, BBQ chicken salad, and turkey chili. All are highly recommended, but you really can't go wrong with any of the food here. Next time, I am looking forward to trying some of their baked goodies!
4	You place your order and get a buzzer. Then you pay. Service is pretty quick even when it looks packed.I usually order The Original which is roast beef, cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce. I'm actually not a fan of horseradish, but I really don't mind it being in this sandwich.It's open 24/7 so it is an alternative to Lee's or pho after a fantastic drunken night of debauchery!
5	Recently discovered this spot and WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN THOUGH ALL OF MY DRUNK VEGAS TRIPS!!!Usually We go to MGM food court (even if we're not staying at MGM...somehow we always wind up there) and eat pizza. Lots of Pizza. The whole time we are there we're eating nothing but pizza.BUT NOT ANYMORE!Earls!*que heavenly music*The line is relatively long yes. But its Vegas. There's always a line. And if you're drunk, and you should be since it is Las Vegas, the 30min wait will seem like 3min.I always get the Caprese. Its a mouth-gasm. Is that even a word? its cheesy mozzarella cheesy goodness all up in my mouth. I'm not a vegetarian but I have a thing for cheese. The vinaigrette was tangy and tomatoes delicious. Ugh. The boyfriend got the Chicken Avocado Chipotle. That was good too. Not that I got more then a little bite, He hoarded the sandwich with his life.So in conclusion. Through the drunk days and nights if you want a delicious sandwich at a affordable price, go to Earls :D
4	Good Sandwiches ...... good prices can't wait to go back!
4	This place is great when you are looking for a "simple" with sophisticated flavors.
5	We wanted to come here for lunch but the line was long so we said forget it!  Later one we were hungry and couldn't find the McDonalds so we saw that the line here was short (as in one person ahead of us).  Now we know why this place was packed!  It's pretty damn amazing! I ordered the turkey dinner sandwich... sweet jeebus was that one freaking amazing sandwich!  Turkey, gravy, stuffing and cranberries!  I was a bit leery about the cranberries since I don't normally eat them but wow, it was fantastic as part of the sandwich.  I would definitely have waited to order that!  I also got the mac and cheese and that is as good as a mac and cheese can get!  It was hot and just so tasty.  My friends couldn't stop eating it... When I'm in Vegas again I would definitely check this place out.   It is so worth it!
4	So good, and like most people say, it's super affordable for Vegas. I ordered the turkey with cranberry and gravy and it tasted just like Thanksgiving. Also, the sandwiches are cut in half, so pretty easy to share and split, if need be.The lemonade icee tho was ridiculous. It tasted like a lemon warhead and was crazy sour. I almost was unable to handle it given how god damn sour that drink was.The line moves quick, and don't worry about getting a table, because people are always finishing up. But definitely on my list of places to go next time I'm in town.
5	Best hangover sandwich. Hot, fresh, and fast (or at least you can gamble while you wait) . Thank you Planet Hollywood!
4	Chipotle Jerk Chicken - DOOOO ITInexpensive compared to the other food places in Vegas (for tourists I suppose)The line moves relatively quickSeating is SOMETIMES limited during rush hoursHalf a sandwich will do you goodDo it yourself soda machineBRICKS OF GOLD.
2	This is an okay place if you want to grab a quick bite but not anything more than that.  I was very disappointed by their holiday turkey sandwich.  I was thinking it would be like Capriotti's "The Bobby" but that's what I get for thinking!  :)
4	Never thought this would happen but I've discovered a couple sandwiches from Earl of Sandwich that I wasn't too crazy about!  Don't get me wrong -- I still love the quality of the Tuna Melt which I always order, and then I get another sandwich that I save for later or take back to my man.  So far, a huuuge thumbs up for the chipotle chicken avocado and the Earl Club.  However, the Hawaiian BBQ and BLT were kind of a disappointment.  I only ate half of each.  The bacon was too thick on the BLT and for some reason smelled like peanut butter.  There's still so many more sandwiches for me to try though, so I'll definitely keep coming back when I go back to Vegas. Service is still as quick as ever so don't be intimidated by a long line.  If ordering soup, check to make sure you got the right one!  They gave my friend the wrong soup and she didn't realize til we got back to our hotel room.
4	They have damn good sandwiches. I really love their Earl Grey Lemonade. It is very good with a nice mild flavor. The last time I was there they had stopped making my favorite sandwich which was the turkey, dressing and cranberry. I consider this a good thing because the sandwich was so good I would drive the 30 miles from my house and fight the Strip just to get one.
5	You can never go wrong with Earls! It's open 24 hours- Yes, that means you can come here and get your drunchies on ;)Hot sandwiches- And there are plenty different ones to choose from! (My go-to is the earls club)Located in Planet Hollywood- Aka there is also a Fat Tuesdays around and PH is in the middle of the strip. Accessible to everyone! There is usually a line but it moves quick and the sandwiches are ready quick too! AND THEIR INEXPENSIVE!You win Earl of Sandwich, you win.
4	This place is a great sandwich spot that is open 24 hrs. Good for a late night snack or if your in the mood for good, quick lunch. They use fresh products and have great salads as well.
4	I tried the earl of sandwich sammich! It was wrapped in a gold foil. It felt like I was unwrapping a gold brick due to the hefty weight of it! The sandwich was well made and very delicious. I wish they had some jalapeno peppers to add to the sandwich's, They usually have a LONG line but they are very efficient and it moves quickly.
4	a MUST GO every time i visit Vegas. I'm not sure why, but i like this location more than others.. even though the line is EXTREMELY LONG. this place is open 24 hours and there is always at least a small line at every hour...Ive only gotten the hot sandwiches here and theyre the best. Ive tried the Full Montagu with avocado in it. Its a pretty amazing sandwich but i tried my friend's Chipotle Chicken Avocado and i like that even better! They dont skimp on anything either. They packed on the avocado in my Full Montagu to the point where it was falling off the sandwich. Each sandwich can fill me up with only half so saving the rest for later is a good idea too (: only downside is how small the little cafe is. There is barely any places to sit and eat. and i wish they opened up and other register. The line is ridiculous... But it goes by alright -- no fast, but not slow either. But then again you could probably try out the casino while a diligent but great friend waits in line for you hahaha
5	This is my to go spot in vegas when I am hungry at late night.. it open 24 hrs and price is super reasonable. Under $7 for hot sub.. my favorite is full motague.. yumm
5	This is a must stop when in vegas. Open 24 hrs and usually not much of a wait. We have been there many times. The meatball is killer, although every sandwich is great. The bread is perfectly toasted, with a light crunch on the exterior. Bonus... It's cheap
4	If you don't want to get in a long line for buffet, but don't know what else you should get of a "must try" when you're in vegas, THIS IS THE PLACE.Their signature hot sandwiches are delicious. The bread is crunchy on the outside but soft inside; meat are very juicy and tender. High light, horseradish sauce! YUM!The waiting is bearable; there's ALWAYS a line, BUT their serve in a very fast pace, so you actually dont even wait for a long time. I'm going to vegas this weekend, and I CANT wait to have a bite of this in my mouth! nom nom nom :D
4	Good sandwiches but seem a bit thrown together.   Loud background noise caused cashier to hear 2 of the 3 sandwiches, ask to have order repeated..  3 for about $30 bucks.   FYI its located at the PH to mall entrance, across from the sports book,   Google maps shows the Earl of Sandwich at the front of the casino which its not.Patrons of Planet Hollywood are solid 1* type people.
3	I'm thinking that if you're drunk this could be a godsend. I love sandwiches, but fuck me sideways if you think I'm gonna hit up Subway when I want a late night sammie fix. There menu is pretty big, but they don't have reubens. I know that is a really specific issue, but I love a really good, hot, fatty reuben. This place always seems to be busy, but the line moves pretty fast. Is it better than some delis you can find in locals casinos, ehh not really. A little bit more pricey for what you're getting, but if it's late and you need a sandwich, it gets the job done. This place is like the booty call of sandwich places.
4	I've been here a couple times and will always return.Line waits are usually never that long.I always get the Italian sandwich, no cheese. Super good, but you must eat right away or the dressing will make it a little soggy.Their Mac salad is ok. The pasta salad is kind of bland. I wouldn't recommend things from the cold case in front for these reasons. Deducting a star because my sister said her prime rib sandwich was dry and they over charged us for the pasta salad.
5	OMG this place is beyond the fabulous of the stars!!! Seriously! Words cannot explain the awesome goodness that comes out of this place. Actually, I guess I should say the line speaks for itself. Don't let the line discourage you, it's actually not too bad. But the sandwiches are oh so yummy!!Actually, the first time I had a sandwich from here, I wasn't actually there. I had just landed in Vegas and went and partied up a bit and went back to my room at the Elara. My partner was hungry and told me that they would be back. I was like what is open at this time of night. Are you gonna catch a cab? Wait, they said. No sooner had I removed my makeup and dressed into the comfy clothes, back they were with the sandwiches. It was still warm. I bit into it and was in heaven. Or as close as I could get to heaven while being in Las Vegas! At the time, I attributed the satisfaction to all day travel and some great drank. Boy, was I wrong.Couple of days later, the partner wanted to place some bets at the sports book and asked if I wanted to grab some sandwiches to watch the game. I said sure, so I stood in line and got the sandwiches while they placed the bets. When we got settled back in the room, I took a bite of my sandwich and was so wowed! So they are as good when I'm sober AND drunk! That happens rarely, so I was just awed!!When we finally had to leave Las Vegas for home, we grabbed some sandwiches to eat while we wait for security at the airport. So convenient that this place is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Makes going home a little bit more bearable. Ok, that's a lie, but the sandwiches are very tasty and easy to eat with all your luggage your lugging around.I would like to say I've tried most of the sandwiches. And so far, every time we've stayed at the Elara http://www.yelp.com/biz/elara-a-hilton-grand-vacations-hotel-las-vegas#hrid:NPjBgidFouwIPjezynmpgg we've gotten sandwiches from here and they've all been yummers. I definitely recommend Earl of Sandwich!!
1	Sandwiches are always good, but OMG, a little line and it seemed like everyones order was wrong. Waited over 30 minutes for a sandwich - total shizit storm. Just beware... Multiple people asking where their meals were - a badly run joint. And I'm usually very patient.... Almost just gave up.
4	Great place to go if you want a relatively cheap, but good and filling bite to eat on the strip. Will likely drunkedly stumble to this place many times again in the future.
4	Man I prefer this Earl of Sandwich than the one situated inside Downtown Disney. They just make their sandwiches better! Yay!Definitely check this place out when you are in Vegas! :)
5	This place is the definition of awesome. A place that is open 24 hrs and serves great food is very rare these days but earl of sandwich exceeds expectations. Hot sandwiches wraps and salads at affordable prices, and you even have the option to call ahead and order which I recommend considering the line tends to get a bit long. If you are in the mood for something quick to eat that will get you energized at ready to go I would urge you to go to earl of sandwich. Overall great service, awesome signature wraps and sandwiches definitely worth a trip to planet Hollywood for.
4	3 words - chipotle chicken sandwich!!!!
5	Such a convenient location if you are staying at Cosmo, Aria or Paris. Quick satisfaction. Earl never disappoint me :)
5	holiday turkey. chipotle chicken and full montagu !!!Went to vegas this past weekend and went every day I was there.Those are definitely some must-try's on the menu. I also got a side of mac and cheese which was also bomb dot com hehe. Can't wait to be back for some drunchies in two weeks! :DHoliday Turkey is their special thanksgiving time one and it was so good. I thought cranberry and stuffing in a sandwich would be weird. FALSE! it is delicious. It is literally a thanksgiving meal in sandwich form. Stuffing, gravy, turkey and cranberry sauce. GENIUS.The chipotle chicken is a little spicy with avocado and bacon pieces I think. (I don't know I was eating it in the dark tbh LOL ) but it was good. probably my least favorite one, but all my friends say its their favorite.Full montagu. its the creamy sandwich that you've been looking for. I think its ham or pastrami or something. suuuuper good since I love cheesy dairy things. :3
5	Best frickin' sandwich ever!  The original is stuffed full of roast beef in between two fresh kaiser type rolls....and the hot sandwich is wrapped up in foil like a Cuban cigar.  This place puts subway to shame.  And inexpensive to boot.  You will not be disappointed. Go!
5	Love love love Earl's bread and what's inside them. I have been coming to Earl's for years now because of my friend Ria F., but I recently ate their best sandwich. I have tried the tuna, Caribbean jerk, Hawaiian, the Full Montague and the Original. They're all good and I recommend all of them depending on what your preference is will determine which is your favorite, but on my last visit I had the original and it literally knocked my socks off! It's crazy how a sandwich consisting of only roast beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce practically changed my life. For 1 roast beef is my favorite sandwich meat, not to mention the slices Earl's uses is pretty thick. I was surprised because it was almost like they had cut it with a knife, thick enough that you could tell the meat was rare. I also love horseradish sauce, but theirs isn't overpowering the beef/sandwich. The cheddar was very minimal, which is just how I like it since I am not a huge fan of cheese. I will probably be ordering the Original from now on, thank you! P.S. I prefer the this location (the grand daddy) vs. the Palms one for some reason. As mentioned in another review, there is just something missing at the other one.
3	This is strictly on their salad. I am aware that their sandwiches are amazing.....but their salad was a huge disappointment. For what you pay, it isn't worth it. The salad came in a box with a tub of dressing. The olives in the salad were way too salty and overtook the flavor of the entire salad. The feta tasted like it came from a generic box and did no justice to the salad. The dressing itself was so-so. There was definitely nothing Greek about this salad.Note to self: this place is called Earl of Sandwich not Earl of Salads........
4	Saw a lot of people like to come here when they're in Vegas. Had to see what the hype was about. I signed up and got a coupon for a free sandwich for the hubs' birthday. Yay for free stuff! He got the Full Monague and I for the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. We share the tomato bisque soup. Um, in my opinion, this wasn't spectacular food. I'm not a hot sandwich lover so maybe that's my problem. It was decent food. Better than going to a Subway or McD's. It's convenient cheap food. I did love the soup though! I'd say you should bookmark this place as a back up for if you're hungry and need cheap eats. I also came by again for some coffee and their free wifi. The coffee is alright but if you come at a bad time it might be bad. You should wait for when they just refill the carafes. Oh yes, FREE WIFI.Located in the Miracle Mile Shops mall.
5	If  you come to Vegas and are around Planet Hollywood, you have to check this place out!  Sandwiches are b/w $6-7 and are the most tastiest I've ever had.  I ordered the jerk chicken and the tuna melt thinking I was going to save one for later.  The jerk chicken was so good that I ended up eating the tuna melt @ the same time !  Seriously, the bread is that fresh!  and overall the sandwiches are that good , you can't go wrong w/ any of the choices here .  This is a must cheap eat in Vegas !
4	Tuna melt add tomatoes and there you have the best tuna melt ever! Ate here twice on my trip to Vegas and still want more. My boyfriend ordered the holiday turkey and devoured it. The stuffing inside the sandwich was a little weird to me but he liked it. Wish they had an Earls in NorCal!
5	Does this place even need another review?-open 24/7-above average, cheesy, ooey, gooey sandwiches -located in the miracle mile shops.  Right outside of Planet Hollywood-under $10 for a satisfying meal-fast service
4	I have to admit ,  the sandwich here taste really good .I got a coupon for a free sandwich for my birthday . we tried the full Montague  and it was delicious.I think this place is a little expensive for what you get  . maybe they could open up other locations outside the casinos and make it a little cheaper   :)
4	A great place to eat for cheap on the strip.  Especially if you are on a budget so you can have more money for the penny slots. Sandwiches aren't overly big but could be shared. Bread is tasty and soups are good :)
5	Best subs, period! Although it is almost always busy (even when I go at night), it is worth the wait. Affordable and fast service as well!
4	Holy benoly! This is the place of sandmiches!!I recommend getting the tomato soup with your choice of sandmich.Also. be prepared for long lines.. but its worth the wait!
3	Nothing extraordinary.   If you're from the east coast, think Pot Belly with a loud, annoying video game next door.  (the food is better at pot belly btw.)No reason to avoid it and certainly not worth going out of your way.
5	They have an earl's in downtown disney and have never tried them out. Finally, after a drunken night at marqee, I got a club sandwich and the mac n cheese.When we arrived the line was wrapped around along the restaurant but seemed to go by fast since I was pretty intoxicated.These sandwiches are pretty darn cheap and REALLY good! It took awhile for the food to be done but it was well worth the wait. The sandwich was warm enough for the cheese to be ooey gooey and the bread was perfectly toasted that added that extra texture of crunch!For the price, you would think they would use cheap ingredients that you would find at fast food chains, but they didnt! The bacon was thick, they gave plenty of meat, the cheese was not your average american and the bread just held it all together.As for the mac n cheese...I know I shouldn't have expected much since they are a sandwich place, but I take mac n cheese VERY serious, and theirs was just alright. I would pass on it next time I go there.There was plenty of seating available, which was especially perfect since it seemed like everyone and their mother was waiting in line for their delicious sandwiches!This is a must try if you're in Vegas!
5	This place is straight up the best sandwich place you'll ever go. Theres one in vegas and one at downtown disney and theyre both ridiculously amazing. GOOOOO! What are you waiting for. Go now, right now just do it. Its the best. There is nothing on the menu you can go wrong with, unless your allergic to something and lets be honest, havent you lived long enough already?
5	The bread, oh the bread. Warm and slightly moist, soft and doughy on the inside, with a slight crispiness on the outside (but not so crispy that its hard to bite through). This was definitely the high point of my eating experience here. All of the ingredients in my completely custom, made to order, avocado-swiss-tomato-mayo sandwich were fresh and delicious. And on top of this, the food was cheap (~$5) and it was open at 2 am.What's there not to like about this place? It's nearly perfect. I say nearly because I got super excited when I saw their breakfast menu, only to find out they weren't serving it. I would recommend they don't backlight huge signs with pictures of breakfast front and center if they aren't serving it - but I guess its marketing. Overall a minor gripe in the grand scheme. I still found my delicious custom ordered sandwich in spite of it. If you haven't been, go!
5	After reading so many reviews, my wife and I thought we would give it a try.  This place was hidden away in Planet Hollywood.I had the club sandwich and the wife had the chipolte chicken.  Both were very good and made well and were perfectly toasted.Can't say much about the service because you just give your order and then they call you when food was done.If you have chance to go to Vegas. Give this place a try.  Nice thing is that it is open 24/7.
5	The best sandwiches ever made...
2	Overrated! Advice from a local: Skip it.
5	Tried this restaurant one afternoon off a tip of a friend... and now my girlfriend and I will literally schedule our Vegas day around Planet Hollywood just to be close to Earl of Sandwich. I usually order the tuna melt! And if you do, the Tabasco goes great with it. They usually have bottles at the tables too.
4	Essentially this place is a high end Quizno's.  Fresh made bread is the best part of this place.  Perfectly toasted bread that is soft, flavorful and chewy yet doesn't cut the roof of your mouth!The only complaint that I have about this place is the filler (meat) to bread ratio.  However they still manage to maintain full flavors in every bite.  And not to mention being able to get a meal on the strip in a major hotel & casino (Planet Hollywood) for under $10 is rather incredible.  I wouldn't recommend the mac & cheese either - it's pretty much Kraft Mac & Cheese with extra cheese (not terrible just not worth $4).
5	Earl's never lets me down! All the sandwiches are delicious and though the line may be long, it moves pretty quickly. Plus you're in Vegas at the shops, so there are tons of things you can do while waiting for your food, though it doesn't take long at all.Some of my faves:- Chipotle Chicken Avocado: tender chicken, fresh avocado and tangy/mild chipotle sauce- Caribbean Jerk: Too drunk to remember... but it was gooooood- Holiday Turkey: One of the specials you can only get around the holiday season I believe. It has thin-sliced turkey, cranberry sauce and gravy! OMG.I love eating here because it's an affordable option other than eating at buffets plus they're open 24 hours. A tip would be to call in your order as you're headed over so your food will be ready by the time you arrive to pick it up.
1	So disappointed... Every yelp search for 24 hour food totally sent me towards the Earl, and when I needed them the absolute most (right now)... They are currently closed. :( sadness doesn't even describe what my tummy feels like. My wife is so pissed that she actually told me to write this or sleep on the floor. She is the best thing to ever happen to me. The Earl gets 1 damn star because the lady told me very frankly that they can close at any time and do not have to stay open for any reason. Alas, we are starving and relegated to room service at $20/person for sub par food.
5	Soo good. I always go here when I come to Vegas. Try the horseradish sauce
4	I'm not a fan of any type of sandwich but the Earl is very tasty.  Cheap eats 24 hours a day.  The breakfast sandwiches are also really good and cheap.  Non breakfast, my favourite is the hawaiin.  Great soups also.Walk or stumble in and you will get a really good cheap eat.
5	5 star worthy. I'd give it 6 stars if Yelp would let me. It's all about the hot signature sandwiches here. All sandwiches are made to order making them fresh out of the oven. Fresh ingredients (make sure to add bacon)  served up on a nicely toasted Artisan baked loaf and topped with unique sauces and spreads. Try the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (my favorites!)
5	We came here after reading the reviews on Yelp, and we weren't disappointed at all.Great sandwiches (most pictures here look worse than the real thing), with fresh baked bread and many options to choose from.Chipotle chicken avocado and holiday turkey (which is always on the menu, not only holidays) were really good.
4	Main thing is that it's open 24/7. They make the sandwich pretty fresh, well the bread at least is warm and toasty once you bite into it. I like the Caribbean Jerk chicken the most. Some of the usual/popular sammies I thought were just ok (ie. Montagu & Chicken Avocado). There's definitely a line out here after clubbing hours! So be prepared to wait like 20 mins sometimes.
4	Their food is super tasty! I recommend the chicken chipotle avocado ! Lines look long but go by pretty quick & the food is amazingly cheap for the quality.
3	I read the reviews and came here with high hopes...but was disappointed that the food didn't live up to the hype. Our group shared the Full Montagu and Caribbean Jerk chicken sandwiches as well as the Asian salad and Baja Chicken salad. The meal was decent, affordable, and quick but nothing to write home about...not if you're sober anyway.Maybe I'm just way spoiled from the SF foodie scene (Ike's sandwiches shoutout!) but my recommendation is to adjust your expectations. This place is like a somewhat nicer subway / quizno's.
5	Love the sandwiches at The Earl! My fave is the holiday turkey cran with stuffing. Their open late so it's a great drunchie spot after clubbing
5	There are two locations for this restaurant in Las Vegas, one at the Palms and one at the Planet Hollywood.  I've been to both and both deliver extremely well on their product.  If you're looking for a good daytime meal to tide you over between buffets, this is the place.  About $10 gets you a sandwich, drink and chips.  The bread is crisp, the contents are delicious, and in the end, you're left full and satisfied.  When I don't know what to get for lunch and I'm on the strip, this is where I go!
5	One of the best "bang for the buck" quick meals on the strip. Fair prices and good quality.Depending on the time of day you visit, be prepared for a lineup.
3	Passed by Vegas on the way to yellowstone, we had a bathroom break in the Bellagio and realized I wanted some food..... so we can to Earl of Sandwich, it was about 2-3 in the morning of 12/24/2013.... Came here with pretty high hope since people rave it like crazy but most people who came here are not exactly sober.... read the review yourself.I got the chipotle chicken avocado... it had bacon, chicken and avocado, what can go wrong right?! Here is what I did not like, the sandwich was super tiny.... it wasn't SUPER flavor but it was decent. My gf got the brownie bites, they are dry and not very tasty- avoid that.My friend got the full montagu sandwich.... beef, mustard and cheese, again that sandwich was tiny for the price but it was some really sandwich.Here is the conclusion- you would love here if you are drunk or if you are a girl or guy who doesn't eat much and get the full montagu.
2	Located on the Casino level of Planet Hollywood, you'll find a line of hungry people paying about ten bucks for a sandwich. Comparable to a subway, you'll get in the que hoping you had your sandwich ready in minutes. Instead you'll get a number that's called shortly after your order is placed. I ordered the original sandwich, which is basically a suped-up roast beef sandwich comparable to Arby's. The bread was fine, but the quality of meat disappointed me quite a bit. While thick slices covered hastily in horseradish, the tendons absolutely ruined the sandwich. I couldn't chew through my sandwich and found myself spitting it out. The bites I could chew required mustard to make it through.It may be a result of a very busy establishment and a lack of quality control, but I don't think my experience in Vegas was highlighted by the original sandwich. I won't be coming back here again, and I hope there will be more taste in the roast beef for those who have it in the future.
4	Cannot believe didnot write a review for this placeLocated inside the Planet Hollywood and its open 24/7.Great place to go to when you have the munchies while yourRecommendations-Full Montagu..Beef and turkey..Its a very tasty sandwich .-Holiday Turkey..Wow it taste like a turkey plate with stuffing, turkey and cranberry. Very good if you like turkey.-Original...Just Ok..Its beef sandwich and it was nothing special.Usually stick to either Full Montagu or Holiday Turkey.All sandwiches are under $7 so what a deal!!!They also have salads and soups.Line moves pretty quickly so donot let the long line scare you away...
5	Long line, they always seem to be busy, but it was worth it. Great sandwich at a great price (on the strip that is) but really not much more than like Jimmy John's , it is similar to how quizno's does sandwiches, but so much better. The bread is the star.Rundown:Italian: deliciousPotato Salad: meh not memorable, but we were starving and needed something nowMac and cheese: really good for fast foodOverall: I'd go back
5	The Montague sandwich is my go-to sandwich in Las Vegas!! I've never tried anything else, and I probably never will because this sandwich is THE BEST!
3	Good place to eat especially when hungover. Many a night I would wander into the Planet Hollywood hotel after being at Marquee at the Cosmopolitan or around the strip.Good since it's open 24 hours a day.I would usually get The Earls Club with no bacon, The All American with no cranberries, or The Full Montague with no mustard.Paired with an Artisan tomato soup with croutons makes a great meal.
5	Seriously just finished eating half the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich (my grandpa stole the rest) and had to write a review. It is literally the best sandwich I've ever eaten. I just recently acquired a newfound love for sandwiches and this one takes the cake. The bread is warm, crusty, and chewy. It's the perfect vehicle for the delicious creamy chipotle sauce with just enough kick. The chicken is juicy and seasoned perfectly. The avocado adds another layer of creaminess and well, the bacon, come on, everything's better with bacon. This was the best $7 I spent in Vegas. I am so glad another location opened up in downtown Disney so I can eat to my hearts content.
3	The decor's great. came here for the first time, i was impressed by the atmosphere, but for me, the way they treat their customer and the quality of the products are also very important. I used to have a small restaurant in CA, that's why i deep down know about that, customer services should be more quickly and please serve us exactly as we order. Thank you!
5	Great sandwich place. It was a quest to find, but well worth it. The Italian sub had great flavor.
4	(Since this is EARL of sandwich I will talk fancifully)Very pleasing sandwiches, I must say.My associates and I ordered 3 sandwiches and a soup, along with a brownie creme sandwich and a peppermint brownie. All the sandwiches were DIVINE, though quite small. The brownies were HEAVENLY, with whole smidgins of chocolate folded into the batter. Overall, very enticing place to go.
5	Long line, but moved along fairly quickly. BF ordered the Full Montagu and I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Both were toasted, hot, and delicious! The sandwich was a bit on the small side, but we will definitely come back.
4	There was a long line.  I ordered the Full Montagu, my bf got the Italian.  We both loved our sandwiches but wished we had gotten a third to split because they are small.  Try the Earl Grey Lemonade.  It's really good.
5	fast, delicious, and good pricing.  I can always depend on Earls after a couple days of Vegas, with my wallet crying from the extravagant overpriced meals that fill the strip.  This Earl is so much more amazing due to the fact that it's open 24 hours!!  Lines can get long, but move pretty fast.  Their ordering system is efficient and speedy.Bread is delicious and the types of sandwiches they offer all compliment really with with the ingredients they use.  Nothing crazy intense here like mozarella sticks or overly saucy sandwiches.  What they offer is popular flavors made to perfection.  All the sandwiches Ive had here have tasted top notch, no matter when I go.  Italian, holiday turkey, and the classic all tasted good.
2	Very meh. Possibly hyped up due to Yelp reviews...I tried the Chipotle Chicken Avocado, and taste wise, it was just OK. The Chicken Bacon Avocado at Safeway is an upgraded version of it in both taste and portion... and you can always just add some spicier sauce if you want a kick. Also tried the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Chicken was slightly dry and overall nothing special.Overall, the portions were small and taste was average. If you compare to Subway, then ya, taste is good... but I've easily had much better sandwiches for the same price.
4	I had the most delicious holiday turkey sandwich here! The line was long, but it moved very fast! The price was fair(for Vegas). The flavors of the sandwich worked perfectly together. So yummy!! I will definitely be back!
5	This location is pretty awesome! They have a huge menu and the service is fast and friendly! My favorite item is the All American or during the fall The Holiday! Their soups, desserts, salads, and beverages are all delicious and it's always tricky trying not to eat everything when I'm there!
4	Perfect size sandwiches! We had the tomato soup, tuna melt, and original 1762 (which I would highly recommend!). Delish!
4	The line looked pretty long when we first come but the food was prepared quite quickly. I would definitely recommend the cannonballs and hawaiian bbq! They taste amazing!! The other sandwiches taste pretty good too. I would say you can't go wrong ordering any kind of sandwiches here. The wraps are not that great though. That's why I give this place a four star.
3	cheap good sandwich. what's not to like about it. wouldn't say I loved it though. I'd get it if I was not hungover enough to not be able to chew my food.
1	It seems that the drunken people of las Vegas are 5 star horders. 1st: today was the worst food I had @ The Sugar FactoryNow I paid for an overpriced piece of bread with some mysterious meat they were trying to pass by as roast beef. No no no Avoid at all cost
2	This place has thousands of reviews and Yelpers seem to like it. But I just don't get it. We checked reviews before going so we were expecting something good, at least better than Quiznos, which it is not. I am guessing that people like it because it is a cheap option compared to other prices on the strip. But for my money, Quznos is better. Even Subway. Jersey Mike's leaves this place in the dust. I got the jerk chicken sandwich and not only was the sandwich small, and I mean really, really small, but there was hardly any chicken and although tender, it was not jerk. I also got chicken noodle soup and for $3.49 the tiny little container was a total ripoff. Plus, the soup was bland bland bland. It was by far the worst chicken soup I have ever had. I left no less hungry than when I arrived. The wife opted for oatmeal, and it was instant from a package. The only saving grace was the banana nut muffin, which appeared to be homemade.The entire ordering process is chaotic and confusing. You can order some things at the order station but most of our order had to picked up along the line, which led to massive confusion when it came time to pay, so I ended up with three receipts. Overall, I cannot imagine how anyone can go above 3 stars for this place. I could give it 3 because of the muffin, but in reality my sandwich and soup were 2 star quality and the overall experience was not pleasant.Would not return for anything.
3	My three star review is a byproduct of being totally sandwich spoiled, living in the Big Apple. Sandwichs are everywhere, quickly prepared and a weekly staple on my food intake desires. Earl of Sandwich has quite an operation as workers at their stations work furiously in their assembly and preparations. Once I observed the line, I could not contemplate eating any sooner than 30 minutes as there were a good fifty people ahead of me. However, I was pleasantly surprised to be ordering in ten minutes and eating ten minutes after that. (There must have been 15 people prepping, an army of preppers in comparison to Subway The Italian sub was thin on ingredients, not very exciting. Probably a poor choice by me, a NY Italian to order that item even though expectations were at a minimum. Chipolte Chicken Avacado was a nice twist, spicy, creamy with nice chunks of tender chicken breast. Throw in a banana for a buck and you have a fairly good, on the go eating experience. Go check out the Earl if your in the area, you won't disappoined.
4	I tried the Original Roast Beef and the Tuna Melt... its a pretty good sandwich! I love the fresh baked ciabatta bread. Cheap, good eats on the strip.
3	They took away my favorite sandwich which forced me to try something different. Now it's just a sandwich shop. It's a good place to grab a quick good meal on the strip for a reasonable price, but nothing to go out of your way for.
4	We were in Vegas at Halloween and looking for filling, tasty, affordable-eats. I Yelp-searched food near our hotel (The Cosmo) and Earl popped up. It was right across the street (well, Vegas style, out the second floor entrance, across the High-rise crosswalk, and down into the other casino across the street.) Our food service was fairly quick once our order was placed. It filled our bellies for the nightlife. I'd eat here again.
5	Very good sandwiches! I had the caprese and it was fresh and amazing. I would eat here again for sure. Don't be intimidated by the line it goes by fast!
5	I love their sandwiches best in town ...
3	The sandwiches are good but not great. Portions were a lot smaller than I expected. Boyfriend got the jerk chicken sandwich; I have no idea why they call it jerk chicken, when there was no cajun seasoning on it whatsoever. Very heavy on the peppercinis.  The potato salad was delicious, but the mac and cheese was forgettable. I've made better. Given the hype, I had very high expectations and left very disappointed. Maybe I'm spoiled by the SF foodie scene; I've had my fair share of delicious sandwiches. This place doesn't even come close to Ike's. If you people ever visit California, go to Ike's for a real sandwich.
4	Every other time before this current trip to Vegas I would have given Earl's 5 stars. Let me explain...I am a regular here in Vegas coming about almost every 2-3 months. Earls is my go to place every single time. One being they are right within the hotel I stay at (Planet Hollywood/Elara), two being they are 24 hours, and number reason being they are the best sandwiches on earth! the tuna melt and Hawaiian BBQ are my top choices while I do very much enjoy all the other kinds! Trust me I want to give this place five stars but here is what got me to give only 4. This current trip that I'm on I haven't had the best experience...apparently since they are open 24 hours they need to "refresh" their system (registers and what not) which is totally understandable. BUT they pick the worse time to do that...12 am, the time that most are heading to earls! And it causes this 10-15 minute wait which feels like forever when you're hungry!!!!!!!!!!! Another reason for me is that even during regular hours of the day the service seems to be so much slower. I find myself constantly having to repeat my Order cause it seems like they don't pay attention the first 3 times and they just seem out of it...then down the line the sandwiches are prepared much slower than usual and I notice this is because the employees spend too much time laughing and joking around causing (from my experience) a bunch of errors in orders and it takes so long for it to be ready! And it can get very frustrating! Despite the delay sandwiches seems to have gotten smaller as far as the filling it's much more less than it use to be. Over all yes I will continue to be a regular here and always be. I love love love love earls here at the Planet Hollywood but there can definitely be improvements!!!!
4	Good sandwiches and soup, I like em toasty what can I say
3	Good choice for a breakfast with free wifi. Sandwich is reasonably priced. I ate ham and cheese.
5	One of my favorite Sandwich shops between Las Vegas and California! Cheap, fresh, and delicious. Love there turkey, cranberry one(They did not have stuffing one night when I ordered very late and it was still incredibly delicious!)
4	Delicious sandwiches, and one of the best-of-the-overpriced options in Casino food court dining.
5	If you are drunk and you're in Vegas, heck, even if you're not drunk and in Vegas, this IS the place to be. Just try any sandwich and it will taste like heaven because 1) it's probably the cheapest thing you can get in vegas even cheaper than cheap hookers lol just kidding 2) the best drunk hot sandwich you will ever taste and 3) the best next-day hangover sandwich because you didn't finish it the night before I recommend the club or the chipotle sandwiches. The only downside is that the lines are ridiculous. But you will be with friends so the time in line will go by pretty fast.
4	Their sandwiches are delicious! I'm glad they specialize in hot sandwiches...I've always thought it kind of silly to go to a restaurant to get a boring cold sandwich. At other sandwich shops, if they ask me if I want it toasted, the answer is always YES! Anyhow, I digress. My favorite is the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. A lot of flavor and the meat is juicy.Good news: Since this location is right in the heart of the Strip in Planet Hollywood, it's open 24 hours.Bad news: Since this location is right in the heart of the Strip in Planet Hollywood, it can get crowded during busy hours.Tip: Sign up for their mailing list. You can get a free sandwich for your birthday.
5	Best sandwiches, hands down. I usually write lengthy reviews, but I can't even begin to describe this place. Just try it.
5	The chipotle chicken avocado sandwich was amazing! Before it even entered my mouth, the smell was telling me this is going to be amazing.
4	Typical sandwich place. It was a good sandwich though. They had a pretty long line and limited seating. Great for a hangover if you don't feel like eating that greasy cheeseburger! I guess this is a chain, but this is the first time we have seen it. We would eat again if we see this place somewhere down the road.
2	I'M SO SAD. Earl of Sandwich has definitely downgraded from the glory it used to be!I came here on my last trip to Vegas, only to find out that Earl is now only a shadow of his former self. Let me interject with some background history: I frequented Vegas when I lived in Southern California. When I say frequent, I mean at least once a month. I know Vegas like the back of my hand: I can tell you what hotels are located where, and what time each of the nightclubs' guestlists close. I was very familiar with Earl's menu. Drunkenly slurring out an order for the Earl's Cobb wrap, debating over the potato salad in the fridge, with my heels in hand at 4 am in the morning - that was my THING!So on my most recent trip, I happily approached the cashier at Earl's, announcing that I would like to order the Earl Cobb Wrap. This was what I had been looking forward to all night, post-clubbing. Not squeezing myself into a dress, not enjoying the live DJ performing at a million or billion dollar club or whatever, but shoving Earl's in my face drunkenly after a night of dancing. Then the cashier said the words that absolutely broke my heart: "We don't have the Earl Cobb Wrap".I stared agape at him. The wrap that I had eaten loyally for 4 years straight on my every trip was GONE?! Just like that?! I spent a while in disbelief, drunkenly lamenting my sadness to Mr.Cashier before reluctantly ordering a Chinese Chicken Wrap and making my way down the queue. Walking through the line, I brightened up at the thought of at least getting my potato salad. I peered into the refridgerator. And my spirits plummetted once again. What was once a generous portion of potato salad (think 6 oz) was now 2-3 oz! The same applied for the yogurt parfait - it was half the size it used to be! And surprise surprise, the prices were still the same original prices.By the time I get to the front cashier (where customers pay), I was one sad, drunken lady. I shook the potato salad in Mr. 2nd Cashier,'s face, demanding "WHY! Why did you make this smaller? What happened!!"Mr. 2nd Cashier responded tonelessly (he was probably used to these reactions), "Corporate happened."When I received my wrap, instead of the wheat pita bread Earl's wraps used to use, it was some stupid flour tortilla. Dry and definitely did not soften the loss of my beloved Earl Cobb Wrap. Bleh.And so, I shake my fist as I angrilly write this review. Darn you, Corporate, darn you! How dare you take away what was once magical about Earl of Sandwich!
5	Boom! Just as everyone else has said and what landed us here. You must go if your around and want a nice fresh sandwich. FYI, limited room for how packed it is so just be prepared. Nough said
4	If you're looking to get as full as possible from one sandwich, this is not the place for you.However, if you want a great tasting sandwich at any time of the day, this is the place to go! The sandwiches may be somewhat small, but the quality is noticeable. I enjoy going here with friends for a light meal when I do not feel like pigging out. Definitely try The Full Montagu sandwich. It will not disappoint.The desserts are pretty tasty too, which was surprising. I recommend sharing the desserts, because they can get a little too sweet for one sitting.The area is very open with the rest of the hotel, so it is easy to talk with friends without too much background noise. It's great for a quick, cheap group outing.
5	How can you not like a sandwich on ciabatta bread?!?!  I got the Caribbean Jerk and it was fabulous.  The sauce isn't what I would think of as a Caribbean Jerk sauce, but I didn't care because it was soo good.  I'm not sure how they toast their sandwiches, but it stayed warm throughout for a long time.
3	Not sure what the rave about this place.  Decent sandwich at a decent price.  3 Stars.  Chances are I'll be back but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
5	Surprisingly the prices aren't bad being that it's in a casino. We ate lunch and breakfast there and both were very good. Breakfast sandwich and coffee for $4.99.
5	A must have when ever you are in Vegas! Open 24/7 can't get better than that! Come here every time I'm in Vegas they should open one in the bay area!
4	Fantastic Sandwich fresh and very good.  Would definately recommend, better than the average place.
4	Drunkinglydelicious!!
4	While staying at Planet Hollywood this week, Earl of Sandwich has turned out to be a very convienient, quick, cheap, and healthy-ish place to eat. It's located right beside the casino and offers a bunch of very very yummy sandwiches, which are great to get to go, to take up to your room.I would highly recommend the turkey/stuffing/cranberry sandwich...Soooo yummy.Had the mac and cheese...wasn't really too fond of it at all, so I'd avoid that next time.All in all though, a very great place to grab a quick bite!
3	High expectations & setup for failureWe had three extremely ordinary sandwiches...Capriotti's Bobbie is significantly better than my "holiday feast" pressed turkey...The original was bland with all the horseradish pushed to one end of the bun
3	This place was just ok for me. Long line to order food but it went fast. The dining area was packed but we were able to find seats for the two of us right away. They are good about cleaning up the tables as soon as people leave. I ordered the chicken avocado wrap which was good but nothing special. My husband ordered the Full Montague. He said that was very bland. I would give them another try but wouldn't go out of my way.
4	This place still never disappoints.  After a fun and drunk night out, any of their sandwiches will hit the spot.  The Earl's Club is always my go-to sandwich.  It is even better with the steak sauce they have on their tables.Go get your bricks of gold now!
4	Really tasty sandwhiches, lots of options and the sides are made in house daily. My favorite would have to be the earles club sandwhich. Open 24hrs between 3pm -5pm seem to be there busiest times.
4	I ate here for the first time and my friend brought me back a chicken sandwich and it was ok. But when I went back again and had their tuna melt, it was AMAZING!! I already wish I could go back Vegas, just to eat the tuna melt.
5	I absolutely adore this place! I'm definitely not a sandwich person and don't go out go out of my way to get one, but every time I'm in Vegas, I make a stop by this place(even though there's one in downtown disney). Pros:HUGE VARIETY OF SANDWICHES Yummy soup & salad optionsReasonable pricesLine can be long, but it moves fastLocated close to Fat Tuesdays (;Cons:Lines are long almost at every time in the day(I can get impatient)I wish portions were a TAD larger(maybe I'm a fatty)Needs more seating for amount of people that come hereI've tried a variety of their sandwiches and my favorite are the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Tuna Melt. They are so mouth watering, I can't wait to go back to vegas to eat here again! I also love their seasonal Thanksgiving leftover sandwich(turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy, stuffing, the works) and limited edition Philly cheesesteak! Def. try their limited/seasonal sandwiches when you get the chance! Their cheddar and broccoli soup is also delicious!Earl's, I will be coming back to you someday because I've never been so excited for a sandwich in my life. EVER.
4	This was such a great find during my Las Vegas trip over the weekend.  Located in Planet Hollywood, the lines were long during lunch but it moved quickly.  The ordering process is quick and painless and finding a seat can be a tad bit hard during their peak hours but never impossible.   We ordered the All American sandwich, Full Montagu, Chicken Wrap, and the Berry Salad.  The All American Sandwich was absolutely delicious and flavorful with roast turkey, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and cranberries.  The bread was perfectly toasted and the cranberry added an extra sweetness to the sandwich which made it a little bit more heavenly.   Please order this during your first time here. The Full Montagu sandwich was good but not great.  Consisted of beef, turkey, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and mustard sauce.   The meat was a bit under-seasoned and the whole sandwich tasted a tad bit bland and light.  The Chicken, Berry, and Almond salad was good.  The whole combination of almond, berry, chicken, and lettuce was good.  The vinaigrette that comes with it was also decent and I would probably order it again if I needed a side of salad to balance out my meal. This place definitely does not specialize in salad nor wraps so I would stick with the hot sandwiches when I come back.  This is an order-and-find-your-own-seat type of place so don't expect quality service... but DO expect great sandwiches.
5	Went here while I am in Vegas and it was delicious.  Prices were very fair for being on the strip, around $7 for a great sandwich.  I had the club and it was one of the best I have ever had.  Service was more then adequate,  location was good and easy to find.
5	Be patient. The line moves quickly.  Every sandwich I've tried has been amazing.  My favorite is the Earl's Club.
4	Love this place although there can be long lines at times but over all the sandwiches are great! Not to mention the one I go to is located inside the Planet Hollywood on the Las Vegas strip so that makes it a fun experience  also
1	Ok, the sandwiches here were not bad, but I had a really poor customer service experience.We ordered 3 sandwiches, Carribean Jerk Chicken, Earl Sandwich Club, and a Chicken Avocado. Two of the orders came in correctly, but the third did not have any avocado and we were not even sure it was the right sandwich. Our receipt showed the order was correctly entered, so we brought it up to the attention of the cashier, along with our sandwich.The gentleman took a quick glance at our sandwich and told the server in the kitchen to grab 2 slices of avocado and then handed it to us. We were stunned...In most situations like these, typically a restaurant would offer to make a new sandwich, or at a bare minimum, at least acknowledge their mistake (i.e. "sorry sir, we got you the wrong sandwich"). They were also extremely stingy with 2 slices of avocado - I have no idea how many are supposed to come with the actual Chicken Avocado because we never got one ;)The sandwiches that were made right were tasty, but also smaller in portions compared to a Quiznos or Subway for the expensive $6.49 price (no drink, no chips).
4	We love Earl of Sandwich. Our favorites are tomato bisque soup (with croutons) and the tuna melt. Their baked goods are also very tasty. Breakfast sandwiches are good but small.
5	Note: we only get these sandwiches while catering food, so I'm not sure how the sit-down service is.  But honestly, when feeding 40 hungry auditors, this place is great.  The original, the club, the roast beef, and etc are staples to our diet.  And leftovers are no problem, since the sandwiches are pretty shelf-stable and are good the next day.  The bread isn't soggy and nasty, as you would expect.We will definitely be ordering once a week again this year...
3	Pretty good sandwiches. The Holiday turkey is by far the best, and it's on the menu all year!!! I decided to try something new and ordered the chipotle chicken this trip and it was whatever. This is a good place to stop and get a quick meal before going out when you're in Vegas. Solid 4 stars for the holiday turkey, one star off for the 45 minute line.****IMPORTANT NOTE**** My recommendation is to go to the OTHER EARLS LOCATION on the strip, as the line at this one is RIDICULOUS. That one is WAYYYY less busy since most people don't know it exists
4	As far as a deli chain goes, EOS is just about as good as it gets. Great bread, quality meats. The Planet Hollywood location seems better than the Palms location.
4	Ordered the Italian sandwich. It had ham and salami and tomatoes. Overall it was pretty good. It had a lot of flavor. Not filling but it tasted good. Earls is generally a good place to eat before going out. Personally im a bigger fan of capriottis. But I'll be back here.
4	i guess as good as it gets for fast food. very delicious sandwiches and salads. havent really gave anything else a try. i usually just play it safe and get the hot ham and swiss with a greek salad. salad could use feta cheese and the bread is usually a little soggy from all the juices. either way top of the line when your at the palms. Its actually better than any of the food in the palms. they have gone totally down in my mind.
5	my kind of golden ticket. these golden bricks are probably my must in vegas. its cheap and fast and its GOOD. i would take earls over any $$$$ restaurant for ONE meal lol. what makes earl's earl's is their BREAD. their bread is so amazing. its so soft, yet so crisp. hot sandwiches are the best. the line seems to be long, but it goes by pretty fast. do not let this scare you!! table is first come, first serve. so be on the lookout!! or you can just take your sandwiches up to your room. full montagu - three different types of meat. this is one of my favorites. its very filling since there are so many ingredients. caribbean jerk - my favorite. be careful, this can be spicy to some people. i on the other hand, loooooove it! hawaiian - go to favorites for those who love pineapplestuna melt - it wasn't anything amazing, not my favorite, but still good.tomato soup - meh it was alright. i won't get it again though. just stick to their sandwiches.but again, i repeat, earls is their bread so any sandwich will be good.
4	The only place in vegas where I ate and didn't feel like my wallet had been unjustly ripped of all its content. Priced at about 7 bucks a sandwich, the food here was really great!My friend ordered me a traditional Italian Sandwich, then we traded and I got half of her Avocado Chicken something Sandwich. Man, her sandwich was good..... I wish I got more of hers but I wanted to be a gentleman and refrained myself. My Italian was not bad either --- made with the perfect texture and really nice bread!My other friends got soup and Mac&Cheese from there as well, and all of them left very satisfied :) In all, I think I enjoyed eating here the most out of all the places I went at Vegas. Wheee SAVE YO' MONAYY HERE!!! :D
3	Soooooo close to being 4 stars, but who makes a Philly cheesesteak with a single slice of roast beef?! Not my idea of a legit cheesesteak...There is so much hype surrounding this sandwich shop. Between this location and the one at Downtown Disney, I knew I had to check it out. So after checking into our hotel during my birthday weekend in Vegas, we met up with friends to eat here and I was excited. It was lunchtime but the wait in line was reasonable, and gave us time to decide exactly what we wanted.With so many options to choose from (sandwiches, soups, salads), it was like an elevated version of Subway (with actual Subway prices, not elevated Vegas Subway prices). The sandwiches were good, and the bread was perfectly toasted and flavorful, but I was so disappointed in my cheesesteak sandwich. Couldn't they at least have chopped up the roast beef to be the same consistency as a real cheesesteak? My boyfriend and I split that with an Italian sandwich, which I liked better. I kept hearing how good the tomato bisque is here, and kicked myself for not ordering that as well to try it out. Looks like a 2nd visit to this establishment is definitely warranted...
4	I wanted to provide an update. Following my review, Earl of Sandwich customer service did contact me and are offering restaurant cards good for a free sandwich as compensation for my poor experience.I do appreciate the team to make it right!
4	I want to give Earl of Sandwich 5 stars. I really want to. It was good, but I didn't think it was orgasmically good. Perhaps all the hype and high expectations made me feel like I would be eating a slice of heaven.I had The Original 1972 and it was delicious. It was a great sandwich for sure but I couldn't really understand what the hype was all about. My theory: People love it because the rest of the food in Vegas is either way too expensive or if it is affordable, then it probably sucks. As other Yelpers have mentioned it was definitely the most affordable and tasty meal in Vegas. I was also intrigued by their Earl Grey Lemonade but they ran out of it when I was there.Would I come back again? For sure. It beats paying $20+ for a crappy Vegas buffet!
4	Seriously can't go wrong with the Earl's Club. Turkey, bacon, cheese, yum. And for this kind of price in Vegas... You have to come for your first and last meal in the city.
5	LOVE the Thanksgiving sandwich - I'm obsessed with it, actually! I really wished we had one in SCV! Even if I'm not hungry and there's one nearby, I will pick up one of those bad boys and take it home for later!
3	I have eaten here 2-3 times while I lived in Las Vegas and it was good but, by far not the best sandwich around and probably not in the realm of best chain sandwich. I would prefer Quizno's anytime before this. I do enjoy hot sandwiches over cold ones so they got that. I think a lot of the crazy reviews for this place are from tourists from small towns that maybe that can only compare it to Subway or Jimmy John's. If you are in Vegas take a cab and go to Capriotti's or Pop's.
3	As per my other Earl of Sandwich review I wasn't blown away by this location, not sure if it was because it was 4 am in the morning, my foot had blisters from clubbing or it was just the long line and really average food. But I remember ordering something here and eating it and thought to myself that it lacked flavor in its entirety and the only thing worth mentioning was how awesome the bread was, it had the right fluffiness and it was soft and just melted in your mouth. It was the only great part about the sammich I had. :(But definitely a second chance is deserved as I wasn't in my best mood when I went the first time. Lol.
5	Best sandwiches ever. Period. Must eat there! I took some people from Australia there & told them they were the best in the world and they looked at me all dumb then when they ate it they were speechless haha. This place is sooooo good!!!
5	Love Earl of Sandwich.  While this is fast food it is delicious and better than your typical fast food meal.  I always get the classic, which is a roast beef and cheese.  The quality of the meet is good and the bread is fresh, perfectly toasted every time.  Lunch goes great with their soups, my favorite is tomato!  Best part is the cost, you won't go broke and you get a good meal.
4	Awesome sandwiches! I had heard a lot of this place so I had to try it out. Cool that it was open 24 hrs too! Great prices and very quick. Didn't think it was going to be in the mall, but that didn't matter. Very good!
5	Worth the wait. Line can be deceiving but it goes by quick, especially if you hit it up after a night of clubbing. This location is convenient bc it's 1) right across from Marquee in the Cosmo and 2) open 24 hours. Price is reasonable, a one-entree bowl at the Panda Express in Miracle Mile is more expensive than a sandwich here!Recommendations: chipotle chicken avocado and holiday turkey. I have a couple friends who swear by the Tuna melt too.Earl's sandwiches are perfect to enjoy hot and fresh, or even cold - aka the other half of the sandwich you'll be eating in your hotel room the next morning. To me, Earl's can do no wrong.
4	Turkey chili thick and not soupy, very flavorful. I could use more spice this between mild and medium.Larry All American with chipotle sauce instead of ranch and it's very good.Value for the money is off the charts for vegas.It's located in Planet Hollywood inside and between Miracle Mile shops.This is strictly a sandwich shop for a lunch or late night I had a huge lunch and didn't want a trad dinner so this hit the spot.And my wallet had money for drinks
3	Honestly, I think people just like this place because: A) It's cheap, when everything else is expensive in VegasB) It's open at all times for all the drunks. I liken eating the food here at 4 AM to the woman you're talking to at 4 AM - you likely wouldn't be going the same thing at noon. With that said, I'm probably not the best judge as I just got a tuna wrap and it wasn't any different from any other tuna wrap I've had. I don't eat most of what's on the menu at the place, so I am sure some of their meatier options are decent. Also, I am pretty sure a bottle of water here is almost $4. It's tough for me to support any supposedly economical place with that kind of pricing.
3	good food made right. long lines move quickly. slightly overpriced
5	I love earls!! I wished they opened one in the bay but it's a must have when in Vegas. They're open 24/7 so for all you clubbers n late owls this is the spot for you. I love the original but the chicken avocado is amazebawlss. The tomato soup hits the spot. Pretty much everything is good here!! Definitely recommend
4	The line is worth the wait. The name is well deserved too bc this place is certainly in the royal succession for best sandwhich in los vegas!
4	This was a really good sandwich. It was toasted perfectly and was just the right size. Will be back when visiting Vegas!
5	the premiere hot sandwich, Earl's has built an empire with these yellow bricks (of sandwiches).the location is amazingly convenient (which is one of the reasons why they get so much foot traffic). i've seen their lines stretch at east 30 or 40 people deep- breakfast, lunch, or dinner, the wait is well worth it. their ordering system is highly efficient (which is a relief), and although there may come a time where there isn't enough room in their dining area to enjoy your sandwich there, it's still just as satisfying if you take it to go and bring it back up to your room at the Westgate Towers or other nearby hotel.the tuna melt and hawaiian sandwiches are my favorite, but the jerk chicken or montagus are also great. much like the buffets, Earl's is a 'must try' for those enjoying Las Vegas for the first time. you'll find yourself always going back on subsequent trips to enjoy one of their hot sandwiches. and it's open 24 hours = makes a great breakfast or late night/post-clubbing meal as well.-civilities.
5	This place is seriously out of this world. I went based on the really high ratings, and now I know why it got so many. My husband and I ordered the chicken jerky and the full montagu sandwiches. Also, we got the coleslaw and potato salads. All items were so so good! I personally loved the chicken jerky more, but my husband loved the montagu better. Either way, you can't go wrong here. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely be stopping by. Prices are super reasonable as well! Win win. :)
3	Great lunch spot around town the restaurant quality is overall very high, prices weren't anything to scream about.  More attention to the food quality consistency and a more variable menu could add to this successful business.
3	A good sandwich, but not great.  I tried the meatball, BLT and original, none of them were exceptional.  I guess most folks don't know what an excellent sandwich really tastes like.
4	Cheap ($6.49)! Open 24 hours! Inside Planet Hollywood! Tuna melt sandwich! It's a decent sized sandwich, so it's definitely not going to leave you FULL (unless you're drinking a yard size Fat Tuesday with it). If you're going to get 2 sandwiches, I recommend getting the Full Montagu (beef, turkey, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and mustard sauce). THE BREAD is seriously the best texture! Nice crispy texture on the outside, and soft/chewy on the inside! I'm not a bread person, but I don't get how the bread is SO good here?! *Tips* - Come here if you want cheap food- Add tobasco/dijon mustard to your sandwiches- Get a Fat Tuesday and eat it with your meal :D Enjoy!
4	I have eaten here on numerous occasions when I come to Vegas. I always get the Tuna Melt Sandwich because in my opinion I think it is one of the best sandwiches on their menu and I'm not even really a big fan of tuna. I think all their sandwiches are good because it's the bread that actually stands out.  The cost is $6.49 for the sandwich. The chicken ceasar salad was $6.99 and not worth it's price. It is relatively small with a few chopped lettuce, very little chicken, some croutons, shaved parmesan and very little dressing that comes with it. You are better off getting another sandwich which is cheaper or adding soup to your order.  I've had the broccoli cheddar soup and it's pretty good. Soda is $2.49 but you get unlimited refills.  If you gamble and have a Diamond or Seven Stars Total Rewards card you can bypass the long lines and go to the front as well as use your points to pay for your meal. Don't worry, the line goes fast even if you do have to wait in those long lines.
3	Went to Earl of sandwich this past Saturday night, not sure what the hype is all about. It was ok. Not great. They gave us a beeper and we kept waiting and saw others that came after us get their food I finally went up and our food was just sitting there.  The buzzer never went off. Probably wouldn't go back.
4	This place is a must if you're going to Vegas to do the classic "club/party/drink-all-night-with-friends" thing on the strip. Or if you like sandwiches/food/life. Even if this place has a huge line, it moves fast and efficient. Just don't expect to easily find a place to sit and eat!The condiments and toasting make the sandwich. They absolutely do. I'm usually not a fan of mixed deli meats in a sandwich, but I will ALWAYS, ALWAYS make an exception for the Full Montagu. The toasted swiss and cheddar cheese give the roast beef and turkey such a rich flavor, and the acidity of the deli mustard just cuts through the heavy flavors and tie the sandwich into a perfect little package.You can do no wrong with the Original either; roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce. The horseradish doesn't overpower the sandwich and is not too spicy - it just gives the sandwich a necessary kick. So good!Now, I usually LOVE this place and would gladly give it 5-stars, but my last trip was the first time I've ever been disappointed. The disappointment  was with their new side: Bacon Macaroni and Cheese. Don't get me wrong - the macaroni and cheese itself tasted wonderfully salty, rich, and cheesy. What disappointed me was the bacon part. I expected it would be a macaroni and cheese cooked with diced up bacon or something, but when I opened the container, it was 2 slices of bacon (same bacon from sandwiches) placed on top of the mac and cheese and then toasted. Now, I don't know if bacon was cooked with the macaroni (I didn't see any pieces), but it just seemed kind of a lazy attempt to bacon macaroni and cheese. But I would definitely go back again.
2	This place has really gone downhill in the last year. Customer service is bad & the sandwiches are just ok. They do make a pretty good salad but I just can't get past the attitude of some newer employees. I don't want these knuckleheads anywhere near my food.
3	Quick, easy, good. Took it to go for a late night snack.
5	Located somewhere in the clusterf*** of Planet Hollywood. Good luck finding it! I've come here probably like 3 times and I always have to ask how to get their.We came around brunch time...like 11 and it was pretty much empty. You order your food at the first register and then make your way down to the second register where you will be paying. Along the way, you can grab drinks and other goodies such as chips, cookies and so on.I HIGHLY recommend the earl's club. It is absolutely perfect everytime I get it. The bread is to die for and it is just the right amount of food for a great price.My boyfriend and I also shared the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. It was really good as well, but i'll stick to the earl's club next time. He also got the cannonball for himself and LOVED it!We brought our friends here with us as well. It was their first time and they absolutely loved it. We spent $52 for 5 sandwiches, chips, and 4 drinks. Highly recommend checking this place out. Never disappoints!
4	Sandwiches amaze me. Earls? Not bad. It's definitely convenient because its fast, not messy to eat, somewhat filling, and convenient. Service there wasn't bad, the person who took my order was helpful in helping me chose... I tend to be indecisive and he was rather patient with me. I was in Vegas for 4 days and I'm surprised I only had Earls twice! The first time, I ordered the Full Montagu per friend's rec. and it was great! In terms of flavor it was rather heavy on the cheese side but just ask them for some chipotle sauce and BAM, you have yourself an hot, zesty sandwich.I also got one to go before I left Vegas and this time I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken... so. much. flavor! I loved it! I actually ate this the day after and it was still really good. Felt like a party in my mouth at work and I wished I had more :(. I bought my bf the infamous Chipotle Chicken Avocado and he loved it as well. all in all Earls lives up to its rep. sandwiches here are pretty good and inexpensive compared to a lot of restaurants in Vegas. I am craving one right now...
5	Earls of sandwich is DELICIOUS!!!  That's all I can say for now. They have not disappoint yet..
4	" About a 30 minute wait in line on a Friday afternoon... "FOOD: Sandwich was delicious! I enjoyed it very much for the very first time! The first bite was like wow, this is like no other sandwich! Yum....yum....yum....SERVICE: Rushy & direct...Definitely would be back, back, back when in Vegas again! ;)
5	love this place! open all night, the Hawaiian is as good as it gets!
5	The sandwiches blow your mind away. The Full Montague, the Earl's Club... You should try them all at least once. The first one I tried was at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas.
5	I am in awe of the limited options of 24 hour places to eat in Sin City! We stayed at the Aria this past weekend and our only option was the Aria Cafe, which was open 24 hours but was a bit on the pricier end. We decided to take the tram over to the Bellagio and walk to PH to dig into Earl of Sandwich, which is also open 24 hours. Sandwiches will run you about $6.45 here. They're made-to-order, so they're toasty and warm. Plus, the bread is out of this world and the sandwich is a great fix at basically any time of the day. The lines move pretty fast, also. I opted to get the Original (which is basically what I get every time), and it doesn't disappoint. Use the horseradish/grey poupon sauce on the table for a little kick. Thanks for a fast, delicious, and cheap option... and for being open when everything else isn't!
5	Holy hell. If I could bring myself to do it, I'd bitterly give this place a single star for NOT being available in Oregon. But I can't. Because it's the best sandwich I have ever had. We came here at about 2am, and there was a line wrapped clear around the casino. We both had the ham and swiss. Very simple. Absolutely delicious. Loved it so much that we went back the day we were flying back home to Portland. I am SO glad we don't live in Las Vegas. I'd be at Earl of Sandwich at least twice a week, and my health would likely not forgive me (not to mention the rest of the amazing food that awaits you in Sin City). The soup is also to die for. The tomato... omg... wonders to behold. The prices are ridiculously reasonable. Planet Hollywood gets us into their casino because of Earl of Sandwich.
5	When it comes to sandwiches, this place is IT. It really is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Every time I am in Vegas, I go out of my way to eat here at least once, if not twice. I even tend to stay at planet hollywood due to the existence of this place and ABC market in the lobby. Just writing that sentence made me want to call PH and book my room right now. I have tried half the menu and EVERYTHING is good. I wish they would open more location, especially in LA. I hear there's one at downtown Disney in Orange County now. Be prepared for a longgg line if you are here on the weekend, no matter what time you stop by. At least the Gigantic Star Wars/WOF slots and the PH sportsbook next to the line will keep you entertained. Pretty sure even the off-duty Vegas escorts come here to dine regularly as well. Grab a 32 oz of beer from the ABC next door and prepare for one of the best quick lunches in your life.
4	Been here a few times, and each time I'm satisfied. The bread is always fresh (a big pet peeve of mine). Nice variety too. Portions seem fair for the price. Great for times when you don't want to sit and wait in a restaurant. Don't be fooled by the long looking line - it goes fast. I've always felt this is a good value. Not sure what else to say about a sandwich shop. Good luck - Cheers, keep swingin
5	The sandwich right there is unbelievable. Just need to spend around 7 dollars, you can get a sandwich with a lot of meats and cheeses.
2	Tiny sandwiches at normal prices after a long wait.If you find yourself at Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile and need a cheap bite, this is not a terrible stop.  But there is absolutely no reason to make the Earl of Sandwich your mealtime destination.The sandwiches are palatable, yet unremarkable, but what's most-prominent is that they are a half-sized sandwich.  That explains the pricing; double each cost to compare apples to apples.
4	Yummy I really really really liked their bread! That made a huge difference! I had the Caribbean jerk sandwich and I couldn't say what I didn't like about it. It is also fast and cheap. My friends recommended all American as well.
5	Hot sandwiches for a deal. Had the "Original" with Mediterranean salad on the side. Add grey poupon to the sandwich for a nice kick. Husband had the turkey club and loved it. Easy to find in the casino, it's right at the entrance to your left as you enter the main entrance.
3	Always a must have even though its not the best sandwiches.  There is always a long line, no matter what time during the day.  Yes I understandthey are made ready to order, but sometimes waiting in line for 15-30 minutesisn't worth it.Good luck on usually finding somewhere to relax with your sandwich, tables are usually if not always full, if you can find a seat consider yourself lucky, since around 2am with the clubs let out... its packed as hell in there
4	I was looking for a quick lunch while in Vegas and turned to Yelp to help me locate a good spot. I was in Planet Hollywood and this place had fantastic reviews, so the choice was clear. The only vegetarian option on the menu was the Caprese, which I wasn't in the mood for, so I asked if they had a basic veggie sandwich. It turns out they do and it consists of lettuce, tomato, avocado, black beans, cheese, and Italian dressing. I'm glad I asked! It was just what I was looking for at the time, and made even better by toasting it. At around $7, it was a great, inexpensive lunch.
3	Quick efficient service. There is no real interaction, but runs like a well oiled machine. That can be a good thing or bad, depending on the person I guess. I rarely ever order cold sandwiches so if you read any other reviews, it is usually always hot sandwiches. We got the chicken, avo, bacon sandwich and Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich. The price is alright. When I first had it, it was really tasty, the taste of fresh warm toasted bread with a ingredients I enjoyed was perfect. so I wanted to pick up another the next day to save and eat on my drive back home. To my disappointment the sandwich had lost what made it tasted so great when it was eaten cold. The bread became hard to eat. Ive eaten it since but only if I was going to dine there but it hasnt been as amazing since
4	This place is open 24 HOURS, which is a good spot to come to if your hungry in the middle of the night in Sin City. Came here at 1 in the morning on a Tuesday and there was NO ONE, which was a good thing for my friends and I. I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado with a Salt and Vinegar bag of chips on the side. The sandwich was made fast, which was a good thing because we were really hungry. The sandwiches are okay, nothing special, only good thing about this place is that it is open 24 hours and the sandwiches are made fresh. NOTE: Located in the Planted Hollywood Miracle Mile Shopping Center and TRIPLE AAA cardholders get a discount, so show them your card by the time you pay for your food.
5	YUM YUM YUM. They always have a huge line going on but its worth every second. I don't know what is so magical about them but they are addicting. I use to work at PBR Rockbar and the only good thing about that place was being able to walk right across to earl of sandwich on my lunch break!
5	This is place is delicious.  Always have to stop in whenever I'm nearby.  Everyone I have ever brought has been very happy!!!  The line is usually very long so plan on it taking around 15-20 minutes to wait and get your food.
4	I've tried Earl's both sober and drunk, and I enjoyed it every time :) I recommend the Chicken Chipotle Avocado sammich. It definitely hits the spot. It's open 24 hours and super affordable ($6-8).. perfect for your after-clubbing-drunchies! hehe :)
3	Seriously underwhelmed by their sandwiches.  With a name like that, I was expecting something over-the-top great, but they delivered...just normal sandwiches that, at best, I would consider a decent but not great value.  In short, I'd never go out of my way to eat here...and even if I was passing by I'd have to think twice.
4	I always make sure to stop by when I'm at planet Hollywood. The sandwiches are fresh, tasty, affordable, and quick. Can't go wrong with anything, really, but I prefer the club. The potato salad is decent, too.
5	The most amazing late night food. Every time I'm in vegas I eat the at least once a day . Turkey sandwich they got is killer.
4	I had the full montagu and coleslaw. The sandwich was good, but I agree with some of the other reviewers about the sandwich being small. It felt like more of an panni then a full sandwich. But that all depends on your appetite. If I came back with a friend I would order 3 sandwich and split it between the two of us. I am still hungry. Now for the coleslaw.....that was a good coleslaw, it was sweet, creamy, and fresh. I love their coleslaw and will get it everytime I come here. Overall it was a good sandwich/panni with a great coleslaw. I would come back and try the other sandwiches.....you should too and see if it's worth it
4	Ordered: tuna melt, full montaguNever disappoints. Quick service, great tasting sandwiches.
3	It's a sub shop plain and simple. Like a Quiznos or a subway. For about $6.00 you get like a 6 inch subway sub. It's quick and easy.....which is key when you are spending your day in the sports book right across the way.
5	Excellent sandwiches. Nothing to complain about. Perfect "on the way" food to somewhere.
4	Earl of Sandwich definitely hits the spot after a night of partying! And you can tell that a lot of people would agree too by the looks of the line. You'll probably be waiting at least 20 minutes, but the line goes fast.My favorite is the Meatball sandwich. The bread is really good and toasty. They pack the sandwich full of meatballs and marinara sauce, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese! The meatballs are juicy and the sauce is really flavorful. Mmmm its so warm and delicious in your tummy, especially at 3am, when you're freezing in a cold air-conditioned hotel. Last time, I also got the broccoli cheese soup with my sandwich. It was piping hot and super creamy and delish!I've only been to the Vegas location, but they now have one closer to me in Downtown Disney, but I have yet to try it at that location. Time to make a fieldtrip out of it and get some sandwiches before going to Disneyland!
3	I've eaten here twice because the reviews are so great, and I love a good sandwich. However, both times I wasn't impressed. The service was good, and the food seemed to be okay, but not great. It's better than subway, but I would still prefer a sandwich from jersey mikes over the earl of sandwich. This place is good for a late night bite on the strip, but it's not my first choice during the day.
5	Don't be afraid of the long lines. It usually goes by quicker than you think! If you feel like a warm meal, get their sandwiches! They're all so good! There are also wraps available, but these are served cold. The tables usually become available by the time you finish ordering.
5	Cheap and fast. You can recycle this review for the hookers that hang around the casino bar.
5	I ordered a small catering batch through this location on the day of my wedding. I had some initial troubles placing my order via phone but everything got settled and they were even able to accommodate my order (10+ sandwiches) and had them ready for me in a matter of an hour. I had some guests with specific requests (no sauce, no tomatoes, etc) and every sandwich was perfect! The sandwiches were delicious and made for a perfect lunch while we were getting ready.
3	Earl of Sandwich is a good spot for a quick bite at all times of the day. The sandwich and the price were on point, but I don't think it lived up to the hype.
4	I have eaten here the past 2 years that I have visited Las Vegas and stayed at Planet Hollywood. It's open 24 hours and the menu offers lots of variety!I had the Earl's club - but instead of the sandwich sauce (thousand island dressing) I substituted for Mayo.I also had the Thai Chicken Salad - it comes with some thai sauce on the chicken already so you don't even really need the thai dressing that also comes with it.Lettuce is fresh and doesn't taste stale like other packaged salads. the chicken was cold though to my surprise because it was supposed to be "grilled" chicken. They also offer soups like clam chowder Their set up is really efficient, you order at one end, move along the line past the beer and chips and then you pay at the end. The sandwiches are made assembly line style so there isn't much room for error.After you order they give you a little buzzer thing that rings when your sandwich is up. This definitely alleviates any confusion when it's busy and the line up is really long.I also tried the little chocolate chip mini muffins that come prepackaged in the cup (emergency breakfast food). They weren't too bad, basically tasted like chocolate chip cookies in the form of mini muffins.For anyone staying in Planet Hollywood looking for a quick bite, (especially after a night of drinking and dancing lol) this is the perfect option!
3	Meh... Tasty and fresh bread, but way too little meat for the amount of bread. Way overrated. 3.5 stars
5	earl's is great after a night out and great for a sober meal. the sandwiches are pricey (~$7) for the size but yummy!can't go wrong with the original. i love the horseradish sauce in it. gives it an interesting flavor.
4	Can never go wrong coming here to fulfill the drunchies! With an assortment of sandwiches, I always find myself grabbing their Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich! My friend isn't such a fan of the chipotle sauce and recently asked if she could replace it with ranch instead. They were completely understanding and replaced the sauce with her request. Just in case some people are wondering if they can substitute something! It's always a great place to try and I'm sure you will not be disappointed!
4	Pricey for what you get, but the food is great.
5	This is a great place for a quick late night Vegas sandwich. The price is absolutely affordable for the place it is in. The sandwich is a 3 stars sandwich but compared to many places at my home state, this is a better choice.I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
4	When it's 4am and you've been drinking and gambling at Planet Hollywood and have worked up QUITE the appetite, Earl of Sandwich is a gift from above!! It's open 24/7, which is amazing! And the sandwiches are delish. Tried the veg when I was there and it was yummy and decently priced from what I recall. The bread is AMAZING. I was talking to one of the girls behind the counter and she was telling me that the sandwiches are ridic bad for you - apparently the bread is dipped in olive oil as the sandwiches are made...... sober- sounds like a horrible idea.... drunk- BEST thing ever (although I still felt bad .... kind of)The people we were with always end up here during their nights in Vegas and we totally understand why. I'll be back.
3	A good sandwich, but not the best I've tried.  We decided to split the roast beef and jerk chicken to get some variety.  I'm normally a beef guy, but I think the jerk chicken had more flavor.  The sandwiches are small and I prefer more meat.  The bread to meat ratio was too far to the bread.  The bread is good, toasted and hot, but I want to be able to taste more meat in a sandwich.
5	Cheap and cheerful and delicious is so hard to find on the strip.  I highly recommend coming here if you want something easy and tasty.  I'm a huge fun and tend to bring people here when on a budget or if they want to avoid the long process of going to a restaurant.  I haven't had a bad sandwhich so you can't go wrong.  They do a great job in pairing the right type of bread with the meat and type of sandwich. Plus, I am happy with the size and portions when compared to the cost (especially because it's on the strip)
4	Really good..... 4 stars not 5maybe my expectations were too high going in, I had read the reviews and went specifically because of yelp and the excellent reviews.It was good....really good.... was it great?? Was it the best sandwich ever?? No.If I am at the Planet Hollywood, I would go again.Would I make a special trip just to eat at Earl of Sandwich? NoThe breakfast sandwiches look better, but they stop serving them at 11:00AM
5	I got the Tuna melt. She got the original. The tuna melt was great. I don't usually get them because you just never know with tuna. But based on the reviews I did and it was great. Price point is great. The sandwiches were both under $7 and large. Great price for Vegas. Service was fast.
4	The line is usually long but i have to admit, their sandwiches are on point. I have tried the cannonballs, Hawaiian bbq and jerk chicken. I thought the cannonballs were okay. Its one dimensional, and you get tired of the overpowering flavor half way. Howw ever i come back here for the Hawaiian and jerk chicken, flavorful and just perfect. I love the toasted bread i think it makes the sandwiches so good. Another downside is that it isn't as filling and you want to buy more but it's just so damn expensive. But its good and worth trying!
4	Good sandwich, surly lady taking our money...... Actually applied fresh lipstick before serving us. Can't take anything away from the sandwiches and the rest of the staff though.
5	My favorite sandwich place!!! Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite!!!! Love this place!
5	delicious!!!!!
4	Very good place!  Love their sandwiches; they're always toasted and their "Original" (roast beef and horseradish) is delicious!
4	Maybe I ordered the wrong sandwich, but this was just ok. Good price. but the sandwich was kind of dry and not very flavorful.Bonus star for being open late. It's so hard to find something to eat after leaving nightclubs, so thanks!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACE!!! This is my first choice of food @ Boston Logan Airport. Also have gone to the one inside Miracle Mile shops! Fast service & delicious sandwiches!!
5	I love this place more than I can even express! Every single sandwich I've ever had from Earl's has been super delicious, and the prices are pretty good. I take all of my friends to the one at Planet Hollywood every chance I get. I highly recommend Earl of Sandwich!
5	Hands down the best place to go before or after a night of white boy wasted partying. Been here two times and both times I have enjoyed their sandies. I ordered the Chipotle Turkey ... and I'm confident, almost 98 percent sure they might be putting crack in here. The toasted bread is what really brings out the joy in each bite and I can tell my stomach is getting pumped to take on some more alcohol. Chipotle sauce is delicious and goes without saying. If you're not looking for something super expensive and just a quick bite before stumbling back in your hotel, this is it. You won't regret it.
5	By far one of the best samiches that I have ever had the privilege of indulging with. The first time I had it was in November 2013, day before the Las Vegas Half-Marathon, the Cannonballs! was beyond magnificent that after the half-marathon I celebrated the feat by eating two. Fresh, artisan bread, meatballs delicious. Definitely a must have if ever in Vegas. Located in the Shoppes in Planet Hollywood.
5	Their hours are amazing and food is unbelievable.
5	There is nothing to say about this place other than these are the BEST sandwhiches in Vegas, hands down!
3	Good place to grab something quick
1	I have recently visited this location with a group of friends to enjoy a dinner as we are all visiting the city in celebration of our school break. I have spoken highly of your restaurant to them as I had visited various locations including the one in Las Vegas at least twice. However to my misfortune this time the experience was DREADFUL. Out of 5 people I was the second person to order, my order consisted of a Caprese which after my whole party was done eating was handed to me damn COLD and quite UN_TASTEFUL. To my surprise, upon me approaching one of the employees to complain about the sandwich, he simply disregarded my comment and continued shuffling bags. I had to call to his attention twice before they acknowledge my presence, after they had heard my comment I was told that they did not give me my sandwich earlier because the "buzzers" were not working properly and I was excused. I, unhappy with the experience wanted to continue to voice my un-satisfaction with the service, such for which I was ignored. However the cashier did proceed to ask the employee if anything was wrong. I approached the cashier and tell her that the sandwich was extremely late and was also cold, comment she acknowledges which such disdain, I FELT EMBARRASSED to have mentioned it in front of the other customers. This was an absolutely terrible and embarrassing experience, I do not come to an establishment to be brushed-off or neglected as just another "assumed" drunk customer, much the less be PATRONIZED and ignored when trying to voice a complaint about the food or services provided. This was an incredibly terrible experience which left me a quite sour taste for this company which I had really enjoyed in the past.
4	Sandwiches hot or cold, you'll definitely love this place. Only thing is the wait so be prepared to wait a while here. Most I've waited was about 30 mins. Reason why there's a wait because this place is that good if you enjoy a quick eat instead of going to the Spice Market Buffet which is also good. Even with the long wait, you won't have that of a hard time to find a table because place is on the go; they order, eat and leave so by the time your order is ready, a table should be ready for you as well. Or the other option is to have another person reserve the seat while you order or vice versa. I haven't had much time waiting for my order after I've ordered and paid but I've seen other customers wait a while for their order either because of the confusion from the employees or just way too many people here. Plenty of employees working here so not sure why some people have to wait so long for their order to show up. You'll notice also that sometimes they take orders in waves. First batch orders and then they'll wait a while before they take the next person's order in a way to not make the place too crowded. I've tried most of their sandwiches here. Highlights for me are their Holiday Turkey, Full Montagu, Chipotle Chicken Avocado and their Hawaiian BBQ. I also recommend getting their Tomato Soup - one of the best I've had. Not too salty and they fill it up with small pieces of bread. You won't be disappointed with their sandwiches here.
4	Came for a late lunch and ordered the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich, it was just the right size and yummy.  Better alternative to eating pizza or McDonald's while on the strip.  My bf got the Earl's Club Sandwich while my friend got the Holiday Turkey.  Both sandwiches looked yummy.  Come to this place to keep the hungry monster away.
4	Been here twice in last few days. Tuna melt was good, wish there was more of a celery crunch. Like everyone says nothing better than golden brown French bread. Tomato soup was great for dipping. The Original was plain, no kick in horseradish sauce. But the roast beef was surprisingly super tender and moist. Day 2 recommend salad over soup, great Baja chicken salad. They don't go cheap on toppings! More chicken and avocado and extras than romaine. Soup was too tiny day before. And the Avocado BLT is my favorite now. Cooked a little crispier like a blt should. Bacon thin but tasty and cooked perfect. Great Sammie. They do not have the Caribbean Jerk sandwich anymore :(
3	Not understanding the rave reviews, but it is nice that they're open 24 hours. The sandwiches run about $7, and they're the size of your average Subway 6 incher with slightly more filling. Relative to other Strip food, this is still a bargain. Quality/taste reminded me of Quizno's - good but not 5 stars.
2	I do not know how this place is one of the highest rated places in LV. The sandwich is small and can no way be fresh like they claim it is. Do not waste your time in their 20-30 minute line. Marginal at best.
5	Thank you, EoS for being a gem of delicious and cheap food among a sea of either crappy fast food or expensive restaurants I can't afford. :)I ordered the full montagu (hold the cheddar!) and it was delicious. The roast beef was thick and juicy, the sandwich sauce was savory, and the bread was toasted to a chewy perfection. Paired with some chips (and a beer if you really want), and you're ready to take on all that Vegas has to offer. I'll be back to try another one of those amazing sammiches!
5	One of the best sandwiches you will ever have. Also good price for Vegas. The only negative is the long lines but I guess thats what happens when you offer a superior product. The Full Montagu was great and the cup of baked potato soup was also on point. Would come here again!
5	Came here because of all the hype and it was definitely worth it! :)My girls and I came here pretty early (around 930AM-ish) and there was no wait. I ordered the Earl's Club Sandwich and was immediately given a beeper thingy. The wait itself took about 15 minutes. The sandwich itself was so good. It was super crunchy and had lots of flavor. I tried the other sandwiches that my friends got and it was pretty good as well.Will be back to try out the other sandwiches from here. Just make sure to come at an earlier time to avoid the lines and the wait to make your sandwiches! :)
5	Great place for a sandwich, the wraps are great too. You must try one if you're in Vegas.
3	The place is way over-hyped.  Wait is rediculous, there are far better options than waiting 45-1 hour for a mediocre sandwich.  I can see why people like it, but certainly not worth the wait.  Save yourself the time and disappointment and go elsewhere.
4	Earl's!!!! I hadn't eaten here in years. Well I just went two days ago and I am happy to say it is still the same :). My two girlfriends did not want to go (they are way more posh then me) so I went by myself. Sadly the line was about 50+ in front of me. Could you believe I still waited? First let me say, this is one of the cheapest places on The Strip. Their sandwiches are still priced at $6.50 a pop. I always order the Holiday Turkey which comes with cranberry sauce. OMG. My mouth is watering right now as I write this... oh I also had the oatmeal raisin cookie to top it off (only $2) and that was phenomenal as well. If you have never experienced Earl's, it is a must when you attend Vegas. If you are reading this and debating it, just get off your phone and head over right now ;)
4	Earl of Sandwich is a South Vegas Strip gem. Too often I find myself wanting to indulge in great food while in Vegas. I never want to settle for just fast food to pass over my hunger. EoS is the perfect compromise between price, convenience, and quality. Their sandwiches are so damn good. My favorite is the Hawaiian BBQ. The fresh toasted bread might be the best part, but everything is quality. Get full and enjoy it for under ten dollars? Way better than stooping at panda or sabaro. If you're looking at EoS as an option for eating right now, I strongly encourage you to go. You probably will not need to take my work though. See all these reviews and ratings? Its good! Its cheap! I promise, you'll enjoy it.
5	Jesus that bread! The way it's toasted is perfection!  I think I had earl'a about 3-4 times last weekend lol. Why? Because it's so damn good!  Worth the wait and truly lives up to the hype
5	Out of all the places in Vegas and among all the crazy priced eateries, you have this gem that's tucked away in Planet Hollywood.  While it's pretty much in the Miracle Mile Mall it's not really what I would say is "In Planet Hollywood" (probably easier to find if I say it's in the mall).I've personally never been to Earl of Sandwich.  While the idea that there was once a mythical Earl of a place called Sandwich is up for debate (and probably debunked) but none the less, I had to try it from all the people that recommended it.The best way to describe Earl's is what would happen if you took Arbys, made it good, and then added a selection like Panera Bread.  I didn't really feel adventurous so I just ordered the "Original".  Basically it was roast beef, with horseradish sauce and cheese.They make it fresh to order and nice and hot so I was pretty excited.  After taking a couple bites, you start to understand why they're so good.  The roast beef is actually really tender and soft.  It tastes like rare prime rib and not like your deli sliced well done leather consistancy.  Add to that a horseradish sauce that actually has some kick to it and OMG it was amazing.  DEFINITELY recommend the original.  I honestly didn't notice the cheese very much.  The horseradish and the beef were definitely the star players in this game.I liked it so much that I went back in the morning.  At under 10 dollars for a sandwich you can't really beat it.  I'd much rather go here than a ridiculously overpriced plate of Ramsey's finest.  I know royalty when I see it, and his name is the Earl of Sandwich.
5	The tuna melt sandwich is delicious. I love this place!
5	Delicious and reasonably priced.   Definitely a great place to stop and grab a quick bite.
4	It's a sandwich.  Nothing too extraordinary.  Sure, it's tasty--and it does satisfy the late night Vegas cravings--but what really sets it apart is the affordability.  In an otherwise expensive, overpriced city (ahem Starbucks, 5.95 for a medium iced coffee?!), Earl of Sandwich is a tiny, well-needed haven of reasonably priced food. Tip #1:  Open 24/7!Tip #2:  Cheap (~8 dollars for a sandwich). Tip #3:  The line can get pretty long at times, but it goes by quickly.  Lots of open seating as well. Overall: If you're like me and would rather spend your money in Vegas on other things, this place is for you.
4	I have ate here a couple times and it's oh so good and nice change of pace in Vegas. Sometimes you get caught up in Vegas with shows and gambling. But eating here gets you back centered and your head back in the game with a great sandwich. Some good choice
4	delicious hot sandwiches. ingredients are great. Their lemonade is fabulous.
5	Earl of Sandwich is hands down my new favorite sandwich spot in Vegas. The staff is extremely friendly and the sandwiches are incredible. You have to the Holiday sandwich first and foremost as it reminds me of thanksgiving with turkey, gravy, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. The Hawaiian BBQ is incredible as well and has chicken, ham, cheese, pineapples, and BBQ sauce. There is an amazing selections of sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, and sides; all of which are made fresh when you order. They also have a phenomenal breakfast menu as well. A must try is the bacon, egg, and cheese on the artesian mini loaf. Oh yeah, and I forgot to mention, Earl of Sandwich also has some of the best cookies in town. If you're looking for a wrap, I recommend the Buffalo Chicken wrap. You won't be disappointed. Enjoy
2	Wow, what a disappointment! We read all the glowing Yelp reviews and were expecting amazing sandwhiches served at a local institution. After walking through a smokey casino, what we got was very overpriced, salty, small, mediocre salads and sandwhiches. Moreover, the atomoshpere is just one notch above a Subway.In a reastaurant mecca like Vegas, there are better lunch options.
5	Their Avocado BLT is amazing! They definitely do not skimp on the bacon, and the avocado adds a creamy kick to the whole sandwich. The bread is also to die for. Thank god there's one in Downtown Disney, CA. At least I don't have to travel as far to experience this place again. Hoping to try their chipotle chicken or holiday turkey sandwich the next time I go!
3	This is a secret lifesaving gem in Planet Hollywood. Reasonable priced food, sort of fast depending on when you go, in the middle of the Strip.Not the best sandwich ever. Not even very good. But it does the trick.And it is 24 hours, which comes in handy after a late night in Sin City.
3	Great place for tourists, but if you are searching for an authentic deli that serves authentic deli style sandwiches, this is not the place. I'm still in search for that sort of deli.
3	I've only heard of Earl of Sandwich in Las Vegas even though it appears that the company has been around far before I was born, and it recently opened another location right in the center of downtown Disneyland! I only live about 20 minutes from Disneyland, but I would rather have my first taste of an Earl sandwich in Las Vegas, the one that it is known for! I wish I was more hungry for a sandwich since Earl is known for that, but I opted to go a little healthy & asked for the berry salad which came with strawberries, blueberries, spinach, chicken, and almond slivers. Those ingredients itself was already calling my name. Maybe because mine was a salad that I did not find it to be that memorable as everyone claims Earl to be. The salad was fresh and the fruits were even better, but it was just quite plain and ordinary for me. My darling had the Full Montagu which had roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. I took a bite, and it was yummy, but seemed kind of like an ordinary sandwich to me. Hmm.I really do want to give Earl another chance, perhaps the one at Disneyland next time, and I will update this review again once I try one of their special sandwiches to myself x
4	Hubby and I came here for lunch while exploring the strip. I had the mozzarella cheese & tomato sandwich as it was one of the only meat free options available. The sandwich was pretty good, the balsamic vinaigrette added great flavor to the sandwich. This is one of the cheaper places to eat on the strip so if you are traveling on a budget or you work on the strip  this is a good meal possibility.
3	This is an awesome sandwich shop.  I went to the one in PH on the strip.  The best thing about this place is the potato salad.  The sandwiches were good, but about like Quiznos.  Plus they are really small sandwiches.The people working seemed really disinterested in what they were doing and the line moved really really slow.  Can't stand to see service like that, even though they are probably used to a long line all day. I would recommend it if you pass by or are staying at PH, but I definitely would not go out of my way to get there...
4	I wanted something quick to eat between my flight and my dinner plans a few hours away. Decided to go to thins place as soon as I saw it as I've had a good experience with another location at an airport. It did not disappoint, I hate a delicious and HOT sandwich for something like $7
5	This place was so great! The perfect place for a quick bite to eat and delicious sandwiches! Reasonably priced and a decent size too. The line does get kind of long and out the restaurant but it is totally worth it!
5	Had breakfast three times here while staying in Vegas. Good food and good value for it.
2	This sandwich shop is the most overrated place on the strip.  I'd rather go to Erik's delicafe and get an Abbot's Habit than this garbage.  The sandwiches here have more oil than an exxon valdez spill, and they don't have much taste.  I believe that people only like this place because they're cheap.
4	Im a sandwich fan..  Nothing makes me more happy than a good sandwich and bowl of soup.  Keep you caviar, foie gras, ore even a good steak.  Give me a ruben and some old fashioned chicken noodle and I'm a happy camper...Earl of Sandwich fills half of that need.  They make a damn good sandwich.  My personal favorite it their Thanksgiving special with turkey, cranberries (not the band), dressing, and gravy.  Pretty amazing.  All the other sammies are pretty good.  If I'm staying near by ill make the walk.  If im staying more than a few blocks away, not really worth the trip.  Pros : Decent sandwich.  Not too expensive. Cons :Long lines.The place gets packed.  Countless times we couldn't find a table once we got our food.
4	Very good sandwiches and open 24/7 I believe.  Similar to firehouse subs if you have ever been.
5	I just had lunch - a delicious caprese sandwich! I have had the pleasure of visiting this location in the past - plenty of times, and I mean... plenty! It's definitely a Las Vegas staple for me every time I visit. Usually, I stay at Planet Hollywood, which makes it so easy to enjoy this place more than once, but this visit we're staying at another hotel. I still made the time to visit!Anyway, you order with the first register. You pick up snacks and sides and beverages along the way to the second register where you pay. The potato salad is sooo good, and I'm picky about potato salad! The brownies are a good dessert, too! For two sandwiches, it comes out to $14.03 (with tax), which isn't terrible... because they are quite filling! Overall, another excellent visit to my favorite sandwich place!
5	This is one of my go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.... all the sandwiches and salads I've had were SO GOOD! I would even wait in the inevitable long line because their food is delicious... especially when you spend all day all night winning the strip with your yard long haha YOU MUST EAT HERE!
5	If you are on the strip, looking for a filling meal that won't cost all your gambling winnings, this is it! The sandwich alone was large enough to fill me up, but there are a variety of deli sides available, if you so choose! It sounds like any sandwich choice is a good choice, but my stamp of approval is on The Earls Club!
4	Good sandwiches, late night quickie for food and not really a long wait. There's a quick turnaround to their dining tables and the lines to order move quick. I love Earl's sandwiches. They have a lot of sandwiches but I've only been to Earl's in Vegas a handful of times. I liked their holiday turkey sandwich (turkey, stuffing, cranberry jam, etc). Planning on hitting up the Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney soon.
5	Great food. Everytime my wife and I go to Vegas we have to eat here at least twice I love the turkey stuffing and gravy sandwich.
5	Great bacon chicken avo wrap, tomato soup and chocolate chip cookie! My boyfriend got the bacon Mac & cheese and I tried it and it was SO good!
2	Decided to visit after I read the reviews on Yelp.  The line situation is strange.  First, there is an interrogator at the beginning of the line that attempts to discover which type of sandwich you are getting.  He then gives you a receipt for that sandwich, and proceeds to tell you that the drink and chips can be ordered at the end of the line.  So...this guy's purpose in life at this restaurant is to determine which sandwich you want?  Ok....fine.  I will play along.I ordered the Reuben.  He printed out my receipt.  I paid for the sandwich, my fiance's sandwich, a bag of chips, and two drinks at the end of the line.  They then gave me these nifty lighted thingys that will inform me when my sandwich is completed and ready for pickup.  Ok...organized....good.To my surprise the lighted up thing went off about 5 minutes into the wait.  I thought "cool...I get my sandwich before these other people that were way ahead of me in line...it must be because of my total rewards tier credit...they are treating me right!"  WRONG.  First, EOS told me they do not take part in the Total Rewards, which sucks, and the reason they turned on the lighted thing was to tell me they had no Pastrami.  So....let me get this straight.  You have a guy whose sole job is to determine your sandwich order...that's his job...sandwich ordering...knowing what is present in the restaurant and what is needed etc.....and he screwed it up?  How does a sandwich restaurant not have Pastrami?  That would be like Santa with no reigndeer, Books with no learnin', staying home sick and not watching Price is Right.  The first layer of defense in telling me a worldwide pastrami shortage threatened Vegas failed with the sandwich receipt guy and the second layer of defense failed with the final cashier ringing me up for a sandwich that did not exist at that restaurant at that time.Technology just rolled over in its grave...
5	Very rarely am I impressed by sandwiches. What? It's two slabs of bread with some meat stuffed between them, blegh. I could make it myself at home, for the low low price of free ninety nine. With the exception of a handful of places, for the most part, I avoid ordering sandwiches when dining out. Earl of Sandwich, is one of these exceptions. After eating nothing but buffets for the weekend, I desperately needed a change in the food scenery. Although I'm not super fond of sandwiches, the boyfriend and the bestie are so we stopped here for lunch on our last day in Vegas. Talk about a sensory overload. There are so many options to choose from--sandwiches, soups, and salads. But heellloooo, I'm here for the sandwiches! Okay, I lied, I also got a salad too--but more on that later. Although I wanted everything, because they ALL sounded that good, I ended up getting the Full Montagu because it has a little bit of everything, turkey, roast beef, swiss and cheddar? Yes, yes, yes and yes! The bread is perfectly toasted, and the meat is thinly sliced and amazingly tender. The melted cheeses not only added flavor but helped to keep the sandwich moist. Plus, I love mustard on anything, so yes again! At first glance, I found the sandwiches to be on the small side, but in hindsight, it was perfect! So in addition to the sandwich, I also ended up getting the Baja Chicken salad. Loved the packaging and the avocado, but this was just okaaaayyy, there was nothing special about it, and I probably wouldn't order it again. If you're thinking of add-on's for the meal though, I'd definitely do the brownie sandwich if you have a bit of a sweet tooth! If you're on the strip, Earl of Sandwich is definitely a must do! It's a great change of pace if you're sick of overeating at the buffets. Portions are reasonably sized, and prices aren't bad either. Your waistline will breathe a sigh of relief, and your wallet will thank you also!Lesson learned though, don't order the salad at a sandwich joint. Always, always, go for the sandwich!
5	Hands down the best Pastrami Rueben I have ever sinked my teeth into!I'm salivating over here thinking about my Rueben.You can't beat having lunch under $8Oh Earl you well always have my heart. RANDOM FACT: The first Earl of Sandwich franchise opened in Sugar Land, Texas
5	this sandwich place has the most freshest and vibrant lettuce in a sandwich ive ever seen! open 24 hrs too. the sandwiches here are nothing short of spectacular. my husband and i loved it so much we came here for lunch and again at 3 am after drinking to take food back to our hotel. this is definitely a must stop place to have a great hot sandwich
4	I love that they are 24 hours and budget friendly. Especially after a long vegas night, you want something warm and wholesome to make you feel better and get right back in the action! They also have a full blown bake shop, to satisfy anyone's sweet tooth. Great variety of gourmet muffins, cookies (jumbo sized or cookie bites), brownies or for the healthier option fruit parfaits. Here's what we ordered: (You can add a side of soup (which is my favorite), or you can add chips, potato salad, pasta salad, coleslaw, for a small additional price.)Caprese - this sandwich is super simple yet crazy packed with flavor and freshness! It's your classic caprese on a toasted sandwich. They really loaded the sandwich with a fair amount of thick juicy slices of mozzarella and basil. They also topped it with a scrumptious dreamy balsamic glaze. It was definitely love at first bite. This sandwich also went very well with the creamy tomato soup. 5/5The Original 1762 -  This is the bare basic. It's moist roasted beef, melted cheddar, and some horseradish sauce. It was simple, but the roast beef was cooked well and super moist and flavorful. Not too much cheddar and not too much horseradish sauce flavor. It was easy to eat, especially if you knocked one too many down and need some help sobering up. 4/5Creamy tomato soup - it's definitely creamy, thick and very comforting. It has a great tomato cream flavor and I especially loved the freshly fried super crispy croutons. They were so good! I should of asked for extra! This soup is definitely one of my favorites and they always pair well with most of the sandwiches. 5/5Hawaiian bbq - ehhh I didn't like this sandwich. It had a big piece of chicken breast with bbq sauce and also 2 slices of canned pineapple rings, (well they advertise fresh pineapple, but it tasted canned to us...) Also the way it's cut into rings on the sandwich made it messy and the insides moved around and made it awkward when I bit the sandwich. The flavor was off too. It just tasted like canned pineapple and nothing special. Great concept, but poorly executed and not so tasty flavor. I would not recommend this one. 1/5Brownie - $2.29 A classic brownie that was moist, fluffy and tasted good. I took two bites but saved the rest for later. It's pretty big! 5/5
3	The sandwich shop located near the entrance of PH is a good place to get a bite. Sandwiches taste good and made on spot. Excellent serving size and quality on the soups. Expect a huge line and 30 minute wait. The coffees taste very plain and run down. It's kept warm only and it's self served. I would go next door for Starbucks anytime. There is free wifi which is good to checkup on things while relaxing and eating your sandwich.
3	Fast food sandwiches. Ok but they aren't clued up on ingredients when I asked them about the mozzarella if it was veggie? (Some traditional mozzarella has rennet in it)They can churn out a quick sandwich if you are on the go and want a quick bite to eat, the wrapping is clever with metallic foil outer wrap and grease proof inner to stop it going soggy. They issue a pager so you can get a table and collect your food when it's ready. Ok but not brilliant. Can't understand why you would queue to get in here? I think the name has people intrigued.
4	So you want a delicious sandwich on the strip, but don't want to spend all your gambling and drinking money?  Look no further than the E.O.S.!  This place has a great menu of quality sandwiches, freshly made to order, fast, and for under $9.  Even in the middle of a feeding rush, they had our meal ready to eat in under 5 minutes.  As for seating, it didn't look that big, but we had no trouble getting a table.  They are open 24 hours now too so time of day is never a factor.  I stopped short of "going all in" and slapping down a 5 star because of one thing.  The soda fountain prices are crazy!  Hell $3 for a regular cup?  If it even matters they have Pepsi products, ice tea, and coffee.  Overall this place is a jackpot on the strip for fast, tasty sandwiches at any time of the day.
5	Best 24hr sandwich shop in Vegas. Simple caesar  salad wrap was delicious and the Mac and cheese was very good. Hubby had a pastrami sandwich which appeared small (we are from Texas where portions are huge) but it was surprisingly filling for him. Very good place highly recommend.
5	This is one of the top places to grab a sandwich. I don't even really like ham but there ham sandwich is bomb.  The only sandwich I wasn't a fan of was the one with the stuffing and cranberries and thats probably because I don't like those things anyway.  But I still tried it and it wasn't terrible just not for me. Everything else hear you can't go wrong.
5	Going to Earl's is now on our must-do list every time we go to Vegas. Great sandwiches and they are open 24 hours. I order their caprese the most and it never disappoints. We stayed at Planet Hollywood this most recent trip and ended up going to Earl's 5 times. The only thing missing is the feeling that you are not being rushed through an assembly line. Yes, they are busy but having someone taking orders and the payment that can give you that welcome smile and show some appreciation you are there goes far in my book.
4	Sandwich was very tasty. A bit pricy for a medium portion, but they gotta pay that Las Vegas rent somehow.
5	For vegetarians get the Caprese Sandwich.  So simple but Soooo good!  Warm mozzarella, basil and tomato on a warm and soft but crunchy around the edges bun.
5	Unbelievable that you can pack this much flavor into a sandwich. I rarely review on Yelp unless it's over the top good, and from the soup to the kid sandwiches, the flavors are amazing. Had a free breakfast at the Mandarin Oriental...glad I skipped it for this spot.
5	For early morning food one night after drinking in PBR Rock Bar I had a Hawaiian BBQ, which was absolutely delicious.Then for lunch on our final few hours in Vegas I had a Buffalo Chicken Wrap, which was packed with filling and was tasty too.  I would have visited this shop more often had I been staying at Planet Hollywood.I thought the prices were good value too.
5	Rediculously good. Smaller proportions for smaller price. Great deal...enjoyed thePasyrami, Chicken chipotle and the italaian. Will come back again next time for sure
5	One of my favorite parts of Vegas. Great sandwiches. I wish this location had the bread pudding.
4	Although there's always a line, it goes by fast. My go to item is the Full Montagu which has roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce, mmm! I plan to try the Thanksgiving sandwich next time!!PROCEDURE:-Fall in line and look at menu to decide what you want before you get to the server.-First server asks what your order is. Second server asks what drinks you want, grab whatever bottled drinks you want on the way or tell them what sized drink you want to along with paying at second server.-Second server gives you a buzzer and receipt. Hold on to the receipt when picking up your order!-Sit down and wait for your buzzer and your golden brick!!PROS-Not bad for $5-$6 dollar sandwich, I always order 2 or 3 to take home.-Fast service, never a long wait for your sandwich-Self-serve drinks-Sit where ya' want to eat!CONS-Did these sandwiches get smaller or is it just me?-I wish they had locations in the Bay Area.
4	Mozzerella & Basil Panini... thing... amazing. Actually, I've been here on several occasions & everything ordered has been amazing! Very casual, but perfect spot for a quick & delicious sandwich!
5	How can you not give earl of sandwich 5 stars. They are open 24 hours now and no matter what time I've gone, Ive never been disappointed. I always get the earls club and though it is not the biggest sandwich, it is tasty and cheap. Earl's will forever be the spot in vegas
2	Its ok, The bread was nice and crisp but the sandwich in general was ok like the review says I've had better. I think ill stick to Fire-house next time. The turkey and roast beef were bland. But I did love the bread.
4	The wife and kids were starving and giving me angry glares as I dragged them around the strip for about an hour looking for somewhere halfway decent to eat...then I realized this place had hot sandwiches and cold beers...done and done.THE FULL MONTAGUhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=himxweK-gPR8lklN_7vXGA#himxweK-gPR8lklN_7vXGARoasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce.  Delicious.  The wife enjoyed her sandwich...so the angry glare eventually turned into just a partially dirty look.Good enough for me.
2	I had heard amazing things about this place and I tried it and got the BLT and it was just ok  Nothing special about it.  I would recommend trying a different sandwich place.
4	Just a place you have to go to once while you're in Vegas! Yummy sandwiches!
5	sure a great sandwich around 3am after a long night of drinking and gambling
4	Sandwiches are reasonable and tasty.
5	Earl of Sandwich, PLEASE tell me the secret of your bread - it's just simply TOO good. I can just taste the 250-years of sandwich history in that single bite. For some reason, it took me more than 15 minutes just to find this place. Sadly, I just realized that I should have taken the OTHER side of the Miracle Mile Mall's entrance (south side of the Miracle Mile Mall's entrance, near the intersection of Harmon Ave and Las Vegas Blvd). The Full Montagu (roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce - $6.49):  The bread was perfectly toasted - fluffy and fresh. Flavorful roasted beef combined with amazing toasted bread = one delicious sandwich.Affordable and tasty sandwich shop that opens 24/7? That's probably one of the best thing that you can find at the Strip.
3	3.5Good Sandwiches. Solid taste for solid price, and there are chips, potato salad, macaroni salad to go with if you want. And a salad section if you are trying to be healthy in vegas. Given the stellar reviews of all my yelp friends are other reviewers, I thought this joint would blow my socks away. But in the end, it made me feel like a sandwich is just a sandwich. I tried the full Montague, The Original, Tuna Melt and Hawaiian BBQ. Out of those, I thought the Hawaiian BBQ was the best. If you like slightly sweet flavor, you will like it. I was prepared to be impressed by the Tuna Melt, but it felt short for me. The other two sandwiches were just slightly above average sandwiches. All in all, I would eat here if I was drunk and needed a late night snack or need to save a bit of $$ in Vegas, but other than that, I can't recommend going out of your way just to eat here.
5	Best sandwich place in Las Vegas! I can literally go to earl of sandwich at 3 am and get bomb sandwich. Can wait to go back to Vegas.
2	I was disappointed in the small selection... maybe this is why it's not called the King of Sandwich.  The prices were reasonable for the strip, the sandwich was okay, but not worth recommending.
5	dude, best crusted bread ever, crunchy, nice bounce, if all the bread i ever eat would taste like this, i would eat bread for breakfasti got the original 1762, the other popular choice seemed a bit too much early in the vegas mornings, its cool they give you a number pad that vibrates and lights up when your number is called just like lucilles, i also wanted to save room for more food during lunch buffetthe taste was good, nicely roasted beef, creamy dressing, a perfect way to begin my day in vegas i'd say....i would come back everytime if im ever in the area
2	Two different lunch days. (the following is actually in order of when I had it).DON'T:Spicy Tuna Wrap: not spicy, fishy around the edges, not a happy medleyDO:Tuna Melt: delicious*First day, they had plenty of drinks, second day.. nothing except for beer. I would've given this place one star until the second time around. So 2-3 Stars. If I had more to try, the rating might've been higher, but its hard to say.Cheap for LV.
4	Sandwiches and wraps are awesome here. Good option if you're in Vegas and need a quick, cheap bite.
4	Been here numerous times with friends and it's a really good sandwich shop.  The line seems long but it goes by quick.  The sandwiches themselves are good and fresh but the best part is the bread.  You just have to try the place out for yourself and you'll know why the place is solid.
5	I'm constantly craving Earl's whenever I'm away from Vegas. I've tried their Anaheim location and it just doesn't taste the same. I don't know if it's because the location is Vegas or if it's the fact that I'm highly intoxicated 80% of the time when I eat here. I always order the Full Montagu. It is sooo delicious, it leaves me wanting to eat more. I've tried their breakfast sandwiches, Caribbean Jerk, and soups. THEY HAVE THE BEST TOMATO SOUP BTW!!!!
4	This place is pretty darn good! The line was long when I went, but the wait was worth it. I had the turkey cranberry sandwich and it was probably the best I've ever had in my life. No joke. And it's not even that expensive. They have a bunch of options to choose from. I'm sure they're all good!
5	Love this place!!!!  Always end my nights in Vegas with a Sandwich from Earl of Sandwich!!!!
2	Not impressed at all by the food at Earl's.This is located in the miracle mile shops and you can spot it as soon as you enter. Usually there is a long line but they have an efficient way of handling their orders so it moves quickly. First, you tell the worker what you want, then move down to the register and tell the cashier what you ordered. Sandwich gets made pretty quickly after. So this is a good place to go if you need a quick bite and you're hungry. However, do not expect the best tasting sandwich.  Ordered the Reuben and there was barely any meat and it was extremely thin. Not enough sour kraut either and the bread was nothing to write home about. It felt oily and heavy too despite the sandwich not having much content. So unfortunately this is one of those occasions where the food did not meet the hype. But it's cheap and quick and at least it's a step above McDonald's.
4	I keep hearing my friends rave about this place.. One even got it to go for her mom back in Seattle. So it kind of sucks that when I did get to try it, I was pretty much drunk from the club. However, I still remember  that it was amazing.. Especially with the tomato soup. Everyone flocks here late at night, but I'm sure it's actually busy at all times. Will have to try it again when I am sober.
3	Earl of Sandwich, located in the Magical Mile shopping mall, is a good place to get sub sandwiches, soups, and salads when you're all buffeted out and want something simple for lunch.Regular soups are $4.49.  We tried the Tortilla Soup, which was spicy and thick like a chili, and the Baked Potato Soup, which was bland compared to the Tortilla Soup, I would skip this one.Hot 6-inch sub sandwiches are $6.49.  We tried the Chipotle Chicken Avocado which had chunks of chicken and avocado with a mild sauce, the Earl's Club with bacon and cheese, and our favorite of the three sandwiches, the Full Montague with roast beef, turkey and Swiss.Earl of Sandwich is a fast and affordable option when you're on the go.
4	good sandwiches
5	I've got a golden ticket, I've got a golden twinkle in my eye! Oh wait, that's just a heavenly sandwich wrapped in gold. Earls!! How do you do it? How do you produce delicious sandwiches 24 hours a day for all the drunk people of Vegas? And more importantly, why aren't you in NorCal? It just isn't fair!Earls is def the best place to get a sandwich. The best is toasty and delish and it's full of meat and yummy sauce and everything wonderful. Expect to stand in a long like during rush times. It's hard to wait, I know. But it's worth it.
5	I am always a fan of their original sandwich. Although there is always a line, food comes out usually faster than what it seems like. It's just a very nice stop if you are in the middle of the strip (Planet Hollywood) and just trying to get something to eat so that you can go gamble or hang out.
2	I think I'm one of the few people who just doesn't care for Earls, and thats probably considering that I'm vegetarian, and they have only 2 sandwich options.  I've been here plenty of times and I loved their vegetarian sandwich that was stuffed with feta cheese, veggies, balsamic etc.  It was delicious! However, I remember going back and they had taken the sandwich off the menu. I was bummed and when I asked them for a different option, they said the only sandwich they had was the caprese.  I wasn't feeling it, and I asked if they would mind making me something else, they said they couldn't.  THAT MAKES NO SENSE. I just wanted a sandwich stuffed with veggies, cheese, etc. but they said that wasn't allowed.  I was so furious, considering I waited in such a long line and I was starving. Coming here this past weekend.  I saw that they added another veggie option to their menu, I was stoked to try it, however when I arrived to the front of the line, the cashier said they had run out.  When I asked if they could make me something else, they once again denied this request.  I suggest they step up their service & offer more vegetarian options. BTW the two stars are for their sandwich bread. Its just so good.
4	Loving EOS!...The wait is not really that long. The sandwiches are fresh, and really tasty!...I like the fact that you can order a good sandwich, go right back to the casino, order a soda from the waitress and play on! The Casino IS kind of loud, but what do you expect from girls dancing on tables?...JK, it's a young adult's dream play pen! Eat @ Earl's...Nothing like a late night sandwich to finish off that long day of Yard Drinks!
4	Finally tried this place after many attempts (it's easy to get sidetracked in Vegas!)  And yes, I do think this Sandwich place lives up to the hype.  It's basically a really good panini with tasty fillings, how can you go wrong?+The artisan bread they use is really good.  And filling.  And a bit greasy.  It really coats the stomach if you know what I mean.+Veggie sandwich was VERY good. +Long lines but they move really fast.As a side note, the sandwich was really good when I was sober.  But after a night of drinking, the leftovers were amazing!
4	Time for an update. Again, the sandwiches are all really good. My favorites are the original, pastrami rueben, italian, and I'm sure every single sandwhich that I'll try in the future.Now i yanked 1star for the personnel. We asked if there was cheese in a certain soup and a couple of them couldn't answer. Seemed like an easy one to find out.  On another occasion, we asked to slighty customize our sandwhich and they seem confused and it didn't come out as we wanted.
1	First time, the worst experience I have ever had with food. The management was horrible, the kitchen was ran by dumb and dumber today they could not even order our meal correctly. The iced tea had black ooze coming out of it and the lemonade was so sour it was awful.. I ordered the chicken chipotle avocado sandwich. Which gave me salmonella poisoning. I experienced the worst food poisoning in my entire life out of both ends. I would hope no one else has to experience this. The service was awful and they need to get their kitchen checked from the health department. Sick as a dog.
4	love the cobb salad
5	Best sandwiches hands down! I was a little skeptical about what to order. My friend told me that the holiday turkey is really good but I'm not a big fan of turkey. It turned out delicious!! It was a interesting combination, a little sweet and a little salty. We also got a club sandwich, a salad, the chili and the loaded potato soup. Both the chili and loaded potato soup was bomb!! I heard really good things about the cheddar broccoli soup, so I'm definitely going to have to go back and try it before I leave! The club sandwich was just okay, but pretty full sandwich. Lots of bacon and avocado.Although the line can be long, it moves really quickly and the food comes relatively quickly as well. There was nothing special about the salad, my friend was just trying to be healthy. If you are in town, you must try this place!!
1	Yelp has let me down....again. I don't understand the hype. Chicken chipotle sandwich made me puke less than 10 minutes after eating it. Gross....gross...gross. I won't trust yelp reviews any longer...
4	24 hour.. EARL OF SANDWICH?! omg. great sandwiches, great bread, fast moving line.. I mean, the line isn't nearly as long as the one in Downtown Disney in Anaheim, so this line was a treat to stand in. Ample seating, though they could use more for a location like this.. Not much else to complain about, other than the fact that it's inside planet hollywood. yuck.
3	i purposely stayed away from the earls in downtown disney because everyone kept telling me, i needed to try the one in vegas first.  after trying it i can only ask, WHY?  the sandwiches were whatevs.  and small.  we ordered the earls club and the hawaiian and it was really mediocre.  now, had i just gotten out of the clubs and still semi buzzed, i'm pretty sure it would have tasted delicious, but sober and hungry me was disappointed.  for the 2 sandwiches we paid around 11.  honestly, i would take Ike's from up north over Earls any day.
5	Mmmmmm ..... That is all I said after a single bite of this luscious goodness that melts in your mouth with tons of flavornoids delivered straight to your palates! This is a must! Do come here at least once if you are in the area!Chipotle Chicken is the one you want!Montagu is alright...:/
4	During my Vegas trip, hunger erupted on the second day drastically.  A friend of mine recommended Earl of Sandwich.  I was hungry and McDonalds is out of the question so Earl of Sandwich it was.  The lines were very long and packed but it is Vegas so it came to no surprise for me.  I really can't remember what I had specifically but it was along the lines of a bbq sandwich.  Nonetheless it was delicious.  The meat was tender, moist and filled with bbq richness.  I would definitely be back again.  It was one of the highlights of the trip.
4	Love this place at all times of the day I'm currently in here annoyed with this amber chick smacking her gum while she's at the register
4	Great sandwich, avoid the iced tea. Crazy crowded at lunch but line moved fairly quickly. Worth the wait.
5	Cheap, incredibly tasty, lunch option.u won't find stuff this cheap on the strip.. from the PH poker room you can order from here and have it delivered. but note: they wont' take poker chips, u have to use cash.i had the italian sandwich.. it's simple but it's delicioius..the only problem - i walked by there at least 10 times since i stayed at PH this time. i would say minimum 15-20 ppl waiting in line.. maximum 40 or so ppl in line. which is just NUTS.
4	Everyone says that the Earl of Sandwich in Vegas "tastes waaaay better" than the one in Downtown Disney so I made sure to stop by here to try it out for myself....I would like to argue that the sandwiches tasted exactly the same to me! It probably just tastes better to everyone else because it's Vegas & they're probably eating this when they're drunk. Everything tastes better when you're drunk.I ate here when I was sober. Still loved it though! My go-to sandwiches are the chipotle chicken & the Earl's club.They're open 24 hours so I'll be back when I'm in Vegas after a night of drinking & maybe the sandwiches will taste even better than they already do.
4	I've heard a lot about this place so I was super excited to come here at 5 AM when I just wanted to knock out. There was still a long line but my friend and I already walked here so we had to go through with ordering the sandwiches before our stomachs ate themselves out. I ordered the pastrami rueben. When it came out, I was sad that it looked so small but I liked the presentation of how it was wrapped in gold paper. I killed the sandwich in 5 minutes...I was that hungry. I definitely really liked the thousand island sauce with it. After that, I just knocked out. But I definitely think that it's really good. At first I didn't like that it was so small but then I realized that I never finish a full sandwich anyway so it was a good amount that didn't make me feel too bloated but satisfied me just enough. The bread was soft and there was good flavors. I do wish that they had a bigger selection on the menu though but I think I would come back if I needed that morning food kick. Oh and the food came out much faster than I expected which was nice because I just wanted to go back to the hotel to sleep.
5	We love this place!  Wish there were more of these franchises near by.  It's great for an inexpensive lunch in the very pricey strip.  My fav is the Earl sandwich and my hubby's fav is the Italian.
4	I almost don't want to write a review for Earl's because they are already so damn popular I don't feel the need to express my love for this restaurant. However on my most recent trip to Vegas I stayed at PH so I had very easy access to Earl's. I literally ate it all weekend. Everyone raves about the chipotle chicken, which is the best. They also have a selection of soups and I really loved the chicken tortilla! The clam chowder was tooooo watery. They also have a selection of sides; I was debating between trying the parfait and potato salad.. I mean you really can't go wrong with either and now I wish I just got both but at the time their parfait hit the spot as I took it to go and ate it while walking around the strip! Earl of Sandwich is a MUST while in Vegas especially if you're tryna eat on a budget :). Now my only wish is that they would open up more locations! I have yet to visit the one in downtown Disney... But soon.
5	A trip to PH would be incomplete without a stop at this amazing sandwich place.Don't let the line intimidate you though.. It moves quickly.The prices are Vegas-affordable. $7-ish to $8-ish for a sandwich.. I say it's worth it rather than spending on an junk food chain.My ultimate faves are the:*Full Montagu -Roasted beef and turkey, swish and cheddar cheesem tomato and mustard sauce. ---i mean.. it sounds so freaking simple but trust me.. They have this touch. Their bread is pressed perfectly and the meats are great.. no after taste whatsoever. It's Bomb.*The Italian - Another simple staple known at every sandwich place.. I tried this last time coz i told myself I have to get something else other than the Full Montagu or the Reuben... I liked it.... Yummmmmy*Reuben - ooooh i just love patrami and saurkraut.*Chicken Tortilla Soup - i have no idea why we got this on a perfectly hot day; but it felt great. total hangover cure.*Chocolate Brownie: Eh. Mine is better. I like how it's not too sweet. But i wish it were more moist. I swear their pastries toward the cashier are flirts. I overheard this one chick behind us at the line speaking highly of their Pasta Salad.. Too bad they didn't have it when we were there...But i've tried their Potato Salad in the past even if i hate mayo coated things; and it was pretty good....*and yo..if you ever eat here.. please don't come soaking wet in your bikini unless you're like supermodel hot. (meaning.. no hanging tits and butt cheeks where other people may sit-- supermodel=classy OK?). Tacky.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4	I really like their sandwiches and potato  salad. YUMMY. I am craving this:)
5	Perfect size, perfect sandwich, what else is there to say? The boy and I ordered 2 hot sandwiches, and the way they toast their bread and melt the cheese to keep all the components together is just brilliant. Definitely going to have to make a trip back some time. Oh, and the clam chowder was pretty good too.
1	This place is Meh! The sandwiches are barely filled with ingredients; there are better places off the strip. If you're using yelp, then yelp another sandwich shop. This place is full of tourism.
5	Regardless of your luck at the slots or the club last night, just know that when you go all in at the Earl of Sandwich, you're guaranteed to hit the jackpot. *heavy breathing* http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/641/298/448.jpgSorry, I was just thinking about the Full Montagu I had before saying "Bye Felicia" to Vegas. Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce all over that puppy. Wrapped up in a foil sheet and piping hot, this baby-sized sammie was ready to be devoured. Now I know this place is not known for its organic hormone-free free-range glutenless vegan delicacies. No. Nope. Nope. Nope. But what the Earl of Sandwich will do IS absolve any problems that seem to leave you hanging. Their gut-bomb.com sandwiches are just what Dr. Vegas ordered for your sorry ass for having that last $30 drank at Hakkasan. The line moves fast, which is just a GOD SEND in this town. A glimpse of luck if you will. Regardless of what you order from their large selection of sandwiches, salads, soups, or sides it's probably going to be damn delicious and ready for you within a few minutes of paying. Did you know that this chain was started by 11th Earl of Sandwich, John Montagu, to pay homage to the 4th Earl of Sandwich, who is of course the inventor of this glorious culinary combo. That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas. Anyways, the rating speaks for itself and I'm glad my mom and I listened in. We won this one fo sho!
4	For both the Las Vegas Strip location and Downtown Disney, Earl's is one of the best and satisfying "quick snacks". During an afternoon of belligerent drinking or after a night of partying, grabbing a sandwich from here isn't a bad choice if you don't feel like having a $5 pizza. All the sandwiches I've tried have been pretty consistent: not bad, but nothing special. The two I particularly enjoy are the Tuna and Holiday Turkey. I'm pretty picky about my tuna and this place rounds up a pretty decent melt.. chunky bites of tuna on their crispy Artisan bread, too good.The holiday turkey is probably one of my favorite sandwiches ever. I love all the ingredients that make up the sandwich: turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberry! Thanksgiving in a sandwich. Yummm! Earl's also offer plenty of other snacks: wraps, soups, salads, chips, drinks, etc.. but all you really need is a sandwich and a complimentary cocktail from the casino, and you're all good!This location is always busy, usually backed up with a line. I think it's definitely worth it though if you're hungry and looking for a cheap choice.
5	This place is always there when everything else is too far or too expensive.I live in California and there is a huge difference between the quality of this earls and the earls in down town disney.I definitely love this one better.
5	OMG..every time I come to Vegas I have to eat this. Plus, it's open 24/7. AND they deliver to you if you're playing Poker at Planet Hollywood.I love their chicken chipotle sandwich.  The sandwiches look small, but they def fill you up.  You can also refill your fountain drinks.  Not a bad deal.
4	Seems like we visit this place each time we are in Las Vegas. Good choices, including a number of gluten free items. The checkout staff could be faster - which leads to longer lines than need be. It's also noisy being adjacent to the casino and shops nearby, but you're there for the food, not the atmosphere.
1	We ordered the chipotle chicken  avocado. The bread and everything in the sandwich we great except the processed chicken pieces with fake grill marks.  This place had horrible service from the person who takes your order all the way to the manager who throws your food on the counter. We had a broken food buzzer so our just sat there and even though i told the manager is was broken and probably needed batteries he just placed back with all the others and left the counter. Save your time and money, there are  plenty of better places to eat at when in Vegas.
1	Not into it.  In the mall in Planet Hollywood.  Order at the counter and you are given a pager.  There is bad music blasting from the mall which you are still in.  The food was okay.  I'm surprised this place has gotten such good reviews.
3	Good, but over-rated. One drunken night in Vegas I accidentally took someone else's order, lol. All I remember was it had chicken, lettuce, more condiments, and strawberry jam in it. Whatever that sandwich was it was a hell of a lot better than the ones I ordered. I seriously ate Earls for breakfast, lunch, and dinner when I stayed and PH and got so sick of it by the end of the trip.
4	Pretty good sandwiches.  Price a little on the high side but still decent.
5	yum-OOOOooo! I've been a few times. one of the only sandwiches that my dogs literally watch me eat hoping that i'll drop it and they'll devour it. I've only tried one sandwich. It has cranberry sauce on it and it's heaven. make sure they really toast it as the sogginess from the sauces can kill your "Earl" buzz.
5	Loved Earl of Sandwich! The portions are filling, and the prices are adequate especially for being situated in the middle of the Planet Hollywood casino. I wish that they gave you water cups that were bigger than about 4oz. Since Vegas is so hot all the time, I got up to get more water 3-4 times within our 15 minute lunch. Overall, the Earl of Sandwich is great!
2	Quality seems okay,  but my chicken bacon avocado came with no avocado and my wife's caprese came with no basil. Better options available all around.
1	I'm not happy with the service I received here at all. I ordered a BBQ salad with the chicken on the side because they couldn't make a veggie wrap instead of the sandwich. I also had a sandwich for my bf which came the first time my buzzer went off but no salad. That's when I noticed that the little boy who took our order rang up a Thai salad, not that it mattered because it wasn't with the order anyway. I wait patiently for the kid who threw my order at me to come back to tell him I also ordered a salad and that I wanted the BBQ chicken not the Thai like it said on the receipt. Lol and behold several minutes later what do I get? A Thai chicken salad with the chicken on the side. I ate it only because I was starving and it was below mediocre and so small! I'm definitely not happy with their service especially with the long wait time. Never coming back.
4	This was my first time and the sandwich was very good. I will eat here again and try something new. The environment was loud, crowded and not too comfortable, but I guess that's what you get when you eat in a popular spot crammed into a corner of a shopping area and casino.
4	Perfect after a long night of drinking or to prep your stomach for a long night of drinking. I always stop here before/after, whenever I'm at the Palms. Sandwiches are legit and consistent. Service is used to drunk tourists, and even when there's a line, it's worth sticking around for a really good sandwich.
4	I was in Las Vegas for about five days and I'm pretty sure my friends and I ate there at least four times. The sandwiches are delicious, the salads are very tasty as well, and the macaroni and cheese was bomb dot com. The only thing that would make me give them five stars is better customer service. None of the workers looked happy to be working there and coming from someone that also works at a busy restaurant, seeing a smile always makes the guest's experience better.Definitely plan on eating here again the next time I'm back in Vegas!
2	Earl of Sandwich is a touristy place with average tasting sandwiches. I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich without the bacon. The sandwich was poorly made and all of the ingredients in it were sub par. Romaine lettuce wilted and the cheddar cheese tasted like plastic. Bread was fine but the grill or panini maker they make it on needs to be cleaned more thoroughly because it had that dirty type of grill taste. Not impressed and this is why I rarely eat in casinos.
5	Definitely a must when visiting Vegas! You really can't go wrong with Earl. It's cheap ($6-7 for any sandwich), open 24/7, and there are lots of options to choose from. My favorites are the holiday turkey (it's Thanksgiving in a sandwich!) and the Original 1762.The bread makes all the difference! It is perfectly toasted. At the other Earl locations, you can choose from white or wheat bread, but at the Vegas location, they only have white available (probably to speed up the ordering process since lines can get long).As many others have said, it's perfect for lunch, after a drunken night out, or a quick snack. If you're especially hungry, you might want to order two. The lines can get a little long sometimes, but it's totally worth it.
3	Earl of sandwich an ok decent sandwich not super great not terrible. Decent and edible.
5	Was in Vegas for a buddy's bachelor party and after a long night of drinking/strip club hopping ;-) and gambling,  we found ourselves at Planet Hollywood.  It was close to 5am and there was still a long ass line but was glad to see it move along quickly.  Since it was my first visit, I ended up splitting two sandwiches with a friend (original and the hawaiian bbq?   iirc).  Waited for a few mins (seemed like 1/2 hr prolly cuz I was still drunk) before they paged us to pick up the sandwiches (glad there was plenty of eye candy dining in the area!!).  Thought the sandwiches were sooo good that we ended up going back for lunch which was less than 6 hours later.  Wasn't a big fan of the Hawaiian though but it's most likely due to the fact that there was pineapples in the sandwich (it was the one that my buddy ordered).
5	Let's face reality...there's not many options for food on the Strip that's extremely exceptional and tasty and UNDER $10...SAY HELLO to EARLS!One of the reasons I stay at Planet Hollywood is that I love having access to a warm, filling, and delicious Earl's Sandwich 24 hours a day...This place is always busy and for good reason. Sandwiches run about $6-$7 and even with a side and a drink, you'll be a little over $10. Each sandwich is toasted and made to order, so it always comes out nice and warm.  Everybody has their own favorite and mine is the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken. BBQ Chicken, pineapple, and ham is the best! However, the Chipotle Chicken, Tuna Melt, Roast Beef, Pastrami sandwiches are my other picks haha. To be honest, you can't really go wrong here..whether you are sober or not!The busiest times are during peak meal times (12-1pm, 5-7pm) and after hours for the  clubbing crowd. However, there usually is a line regardless of any time of the day. My only gripe about this place is that sandwiches can be put together pretty sloppy...especially when it's busy. On my last trip this past weekend, they didn't cut the bread all the way through and were skimpy on meat filling (cranberry turkey sandwich). The other 2 times I ate here, everything was all good (normal day time hours).PRO TIP: If you can't grab a seat/table...take your food over to the sportsbook at the PH! It's right across from Earls, and you can enjoy your sandwich while catching up on the games in a big comfy sofa! Earl's you never fail me! Thank you.
4	Definitely Order:1. Chipotle Chicken Avocado Hot Sandwich2. Ham Egg 'N' Cheddar Breakfast Sandwich3. Chocolate Chip Cookie BitesMaybe Try:1. Ham 'N' Swiss2. Tomato SoupSkip:1. Brownie Bites - not bad, but nothing specialGreat value for money considering it's available 24/7 and on the strip. You must try it at least once when you visit Vegas - definitely worth the wait!
5	Best Sandwich on the strip! Always tastes fresh and love that the sandwiches are toasted. My favorites are the Chipotle Chicken, The Reuban, and the Earls Club. The are open 24 hours which is nice if you need a late night bite. Sandwiches are under $10 which is great pricing for the strip.
5	Great sandwiches and very reasonable price.  I got the roast beef sandwich.  Highly recommended for any budget conscious family trying to not spend a fortune for lunch.
4	Stayed in Orlando near Downtown Disney, didn't get into our hotel from our travels until about 10, went for a late dinner loved it, had to go back before we left. very affordable and very good food for being in downtown disney...
4	So while checking Yelp for some reasonable Vegas fare, I came across a venue with like 3000+ reviews, 1 dollar sign, and 4+ stars.  Check around, nothing else like it exists on The Strip.  Naturally, I had to go (mainly because I needed a break from $75 food bills for lunch).  EoS is good, really good.  There's a huge variety of sandwiches that are all delicious and easy on the wallet.  It's really close to about half the strip, and even if you need to take a $15 cab, you're going to save money in the long run.  There's a breakfast menu which is open until 11am (I never made it), but the rest of their hot sandwich menu suits me just fine. I had the Chicken Chipotle Avocado thing, and later I had the Original 1786 or whatever.  The Original needed more sauce on the (the horseradish was great, but it needed more).  I got the Chicken Chipotle with extra sauce and it was awesome.  For like $7 a sandwich, you can't go wrong.Note:  The sandwich isn't huge.  I only needed one, but I don't eat a lot.  Most dudes I hang with would need two to fill them up.  Note2: If you go for dinner, head into the PH and check out the Pleasure Pit.  You'll see.....
3	Pretty darn good! I like the chipotle chicken sandwich. When I feel like not eating meat I get the chipotle chicken without the chicken and bacon and just make it a chipotle avocado sandwich :) it's Amazing!
4	If you are looking for a cheap good place to eat in Vegas, this is the place to go! It is conveniently located on the strip in Planet Hollywood right by the casino. There is always a line, but it goes by relatively quick. The dining area is somewhat small with limited tables and most of the time they are usually full. But luckily they package the sandwiches "to go ready" so you are able to eat them anywhere. The first time I think I tried some of the ham and Swiss sandwich and another one I could not remember. They were both good, but nothing out of the ordinary for the sandwich.The second time I tried it I tried the chipotle chicken avocado which was amazing! I am one to not tolerate spiciness, but the chipotle sauce added just a kick of spiciness that was not too much. The bacon added some extra flavor to the sandwich. The sandwiches always come out hot and toasted on delicious bread.
5	Amaaaaaaaazing!It was so warm and delicious! This place is a must when you visit Las Vegas.
3	way too salty.. and very oily too.not salty in a savory way, salty in a pound of salt way... but I admit I would eat it again because it's easy to order and affordable enough considering Vegas prices..
3	Finally got to trying this place after seeing it across the street from Aria and I gotta say it was pretty amazing. The chipotle avocado burger had a decent amount of avocado and the chipotle sauce just made everything go well with each other. The brocoli soup was alright though, nothing special. The reason for three stars was the worker Susana who acted like a total bitch the whole way. She literally threw the food at my boyfriend and when we told her our order was wrong she grabbed the bag, proceeded to making the salad (plus throwing all the ingredients in container) and threw the bag once again! But we weren't the only ones who had this problem. With a good place with good food, I think she really needs to fix her customer service skills.
4	Delicious hot sandwiches on artisan bread! Great spot for a quick bite. They tend to have a long line, but it's not a long wait. Another thing... they're are open 247 so you can go anytime!! Tables are free for all so whatever you can grab.The tuna melt was hot and delicious. Added a lil tabasco sauce to give it a kick. Also tried the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich which was really good too.Great sandwich stop in Vegas for any time of day!
4	There's always a line for Earl's. It's not because of quality or portion, but because it's a $6 meal in the middle of the strip.I always order the Chicken Chipotle Avocado sandwich. I've tried the others, but they  lack in flavor in my opinion. The chipotle sauce definitely plays a role in my opinion though.They are open 24/7, but I highly do not recommend you come here during the middle of the night or after clubbing. The portions become about HALF the size.
4	Love the sandwiches here, they give them to you nice and warm. I have tried about 3 different flavors and have not been disappointed. Their tomato soup is the best!
4	Like everyone else, my gf and I came to Earl's to save some money for the lavish Vegas lifestyle. For our only meal of the day, we ordered the baja chicken salad, tomatoe soup, the montagu, earl club, and chipotle chicken avocado. It came out to be around $33. The sandwiches were typical, but the soup and salad exceeded my expectations and I would  definitely order them again next time. With this kind of diet I was able to waste more money on gambling.
5	Yummy sandwich, I stayed at Hollywood couple times. This place is always long line to wait. I strongly recommend you can call to order and pick it up in 10-15 minutes to void to wait time standing:) you can use this 10-15 min on slot machine to win win more $$$ :)
5	Gosh Earl of Sandwich! I don't think I have such a wonderful sandwich for a very long time.. I had avocado BLT and it was so damn good. The perfectly shaped/cut/wrapped bread with your choice of ingredient. I was actually surprised to find this place in the center of the strip. Everything else is crap with doubled price, yet this place manages to have great sandwiches with regular price! The service was quick and people were friendly.I'm not a sandwich person, but I don't mind having this earl of sandwich every single day for the rest of my life (no kidding). I'm really happy I trusted my fellow yelpers and found this place. Must come here when you're in Vegas!
3	Good food. Long line.
4	Great place to eat. I love there food. Its simple yet no  so simple. I will definitely be eating here again and will be definitely be recommending it to my friends and family.
1	I was disappointed the meatballs in my sandwich were over cooked and hard as a rock I could not even eat most of it
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said great sandwiches on the cheap.  Who doesn't like warm sandwiches with melted gooey cheese.  Yes there usually is a line but goes pretty quick.  It's loud and happening here and limited seating sometimes you may have to stand to eat.  I like that they have a good variety of sandwiches to choose from without being overwhelming. Good cheap eats that won't disappoint,  unless you hate sandwiches.
5	BEST SANDWICH EVER. I always make sure to stop by here when I'm in Vegas, and I'm never disappointed!I've tried the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich, Earl's club, and the full montagu and everything just tasted so fresh and amazing. It's hard to pick a favorite but I'd have to go with the chipotle chicken avocado. You just can't beat that perfect blend of toasty, warm bread, savory chipotle chicken, and fresh avocado. Now if only the portions were a teeenyyy bit bigger. They also offer other soups, salads, and sides that you can pick up for a fuller more satisfying meal though! It's open 24/7 so you can come by anytime you want (drunchies anyone?) Also the line will be long regardless of when you come but they handle it very efficiently. Each sandwich is about $7 including tax, but compared to the other expensive food on the strip, it's well worth the time and money.
5	Excellent sandwiches and salad! Reasonably priced and very efficient! My friends and I had the philly steak, earl's club, chicken salad and we absolutely loved it! Must try!
5	The best sandwiches. I got the chicken avocado chipotle. All I can say is yummmm and will def go back.
5	Better than Disneyland. Love the chipotle chicken and the holiday turkey :)
4	This place is alright.  I think my friends hyped up this place too much.  I got the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich.  Tastes like what it is.  I think the thing that is special about this place is probably that they tosat their sandwiches.  Comes out to look like a brick shaped sandwich.  The sandwich came out warm and crisp.  I was so hungry that I ate that sandwich super fast.  I didn't think it was that extraordinary.  I've had better sandwiches.  I felt like for the price I was paying there should have been more stuff in it.  It was a bit too plain for me.  I wish it had more veggies or something it in.  I felt like the sandwich was incomplete.  I would come back if I needed to grab something fast to eat.  I rather grab something else that Vegas has to offer.  Try it if you never had it though!  Not bad!
5	This is my favorite all around sandwich place. It used to be a bit cheaper but even with the increases over the years it is still a good deal. I love almost all the sandwiches on the menu and the ones I don't is just personal preference not that they are bad. (Tuna salad eww..) Try the original it's awesome! I used to work in the PH and was extremely glad of their late hours as its not easy to find a good meal after closing the club down. They always came through and no matter what time you visit your sandwich will always be hot and delicious.
4	Sandwiches don't excite me too much. When it does, it's goooooood. Why did I wait this long before trying EoS? I love their crunchy bread. Their meat to bread ratio isn't the greatest. Too much bread, not enough meat...but if you're carbo-loading or drunk, I guess that's a good thing.The Original 1762:Roast beef, bacon, cheese, horseradish sauce. The flavor combinations were good. The saltiness from the beef and cheese plus, the nostril-burning sensation form the horseradish. 4.5/5Tuna Melt:Albacore tuna salad & Swiss cheese. I only trust tuna sandwiches from a handful of places because I don't want a fishy and gross sandwich. 4/5I've heard good things about the Montagu so, I'll try that next time.
3	Good sandwich, but not 4.5 star good. The full Montague is good but nothing spectacular. Considering the price, size of the sandwich, the out of the way location, and the hype, it was disappointing. I guess I've been spoiled by Ike's in SF and Bay Cities in LA.
2	It was okay.  Can't compare to Ike's sandwich.  I had the pastrami rueben, very disappointed... Not even two layers of meat.   My sandwich was sad, which made this visit and experience sad.  Line was long and wait after ordering was long, you would think that the long wait meant good food, but it was completely opposite.A second visit would require me to be completely wasted.
5	I love this place great sandwiches. I always stop by here when I'm in Vegas. I wish I had one back home.
3	For a forty-five minute wait, I expected a sandwich made of unicorn meat and vegetables grown on virgin soil - a sandwich that would blow me away and asking if this was real life! Instead, I got a sandwich that tasted like what I ordered - chipotle chicken avocado. Yawn. (And clearly this was life.)If I had known my sandwich was going to taste like a regular sandwich, I would have slept in and ordered room service. At least I would waited that forty-five minutes in bed. I still give this place a decent rating because the sandwich was decent. This is also a very good cheap food option in the Strip.
3	Good, solid sandwiches. Excellent? No chance. Can you find better? Yes! This place must be rated high for convenience, diverse menu, and hours of service. For those late night diners looking for recovery food from a rough night out with adult beverages this is the remedy and much better than your typical Denny's.I can appreciate it's model, brand, execution and chipotle like concept, but it's not a exceptional deli. I stand behind my bay area favorite (Ike's). In my view this is what Quizno's aspired to be, but could never execute.I was disappointed by it's portions (too small for my liking). I liked my chicken sandwich, but nothing was memorable. I would return if needing an alternative to the buffets on the strip, but by no means is this a destination joint in my book.
5	Best sandwhich EVER!
5	I came here with 7 other people. We all wanted Earls before the trip back home to CA. The service is great. I love the choices and the food arrive still warm. I had the full Montegu. It was yummy and shared the mac n cheese my boyfriend. I had leftovers and ate it on the drive home and it was still good. Food is cheap compare of most other places in Vegas. There is room for groups to sit together. We just waited for a little bit before finding a seat. If anything the people before either didn't know how to clean up after themselves or choose to be rude and left it there when the trashcan is 5 steps away. Watch out for that.
3	I finally got to check out Earl of Sandwich (yes, I know there's one in OC now but I haven't even been to that one either, trust me it wasn't due to a lack of trying), after being on my list for years. The group I was with was making bets/to-do items for our weekend in Sin City and this was one of my items.  Affordable and 24/7 sounds good to me especially since my friends who are Vegas regulars always spoke well of it.I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was tasty but not sure if it's worth all the hype. The bread was nicely toasted but do wish there was more inside goods in my sandwich. It just didn't wow me like sandwiches at other joints which I still think quite fondly of. Perhaps I should try one of their other sandwiches; I'm not ruling it out just wanted to get my oral pleasure on. And I didn't get my O moment here.Do be warned not all their buzzers work, mines didn't light up or buzz and after noticing everyone in my group get theirs and other folks after me in line get theirs, I had to finally go and investigate to find out where my sandwich was, it was just chilling there.  Tried to get also an ice cream sandwich and they either ran out or were phasing it out.  Sadly, my cousin's beloved Caribbean Jerk Chicken is no longer available and the staff couldn't give us a reason why.
4	Probably the cheapest thing you can get on the strip that tastes bomb. If you're like me, $6 can feed you twice. Eat half for lunch and then eat the other half when you're drunk later.The best are the chiptole chicken or the tuna melt.Be prepared to wait in a ridiculous line. It's so cheap and good everyone goes here.
4	I've only had Earl Of Sandwich a couple of times, but never had the Holiday Sandwich-and it's what I've been missing in my life. Holiday Turkey, stuffing, gravy & cranberry sauce, holy mother of sandwiches! Now I dream about it in my sleep thank you very much Christina Y. It was crowded and a bit messy-hey, it's Vegas. the service was nice and although the Lavender iced tea was dry and empty-someone from the back grabbed our glasses and hooked us up. A great stop on Miracle Mile for a reasonable bite-and oh that holiday sammie, more please
4	Earl of Sandwich was a quick, easy and convenient place to eat, if you are staying at Planet Hollywood.The food was perfect for a lunch time treat and was delicious. My Husband wasn't a fan of the Mac and cheese but enjoyed his sandwich. Prices are decent for the area and won't break the bank.I would recommend checking them out. For 30$ we had two sandwiches, two drinks, two bags of chips, Mac and cheese and potato salad.   Anywhere else, this combination would have been a hefty price.
4	Great late snack meal, the sandwiches and its ingredients are fresh. I had the chipotle chicken and bacon, would come back again
5	Obsessed with Earl of Sandwich! By far my fav place to go. A bit pricey but everything in Vegas is..its worth the money!
3	Too overhyped. I came here with my boyfriend and the line was super long. However, this place is opened 24-hours so I'm sure it's not this packed every hour. We ordered The Full Montagu, Chipotle Chicken Avocado, and The Earl's Club. All of them were about the same. I preferred the Earl's Club but it's not much different from your average BLAT. The other two were okay too. Perhaps because we took it to-go, but the bread was not that soft. I'm not exactly sure why this place is raved so much but it was worth a try despite somewhat of a disappointment.Prices were reasonable though and even though the sandwiches are not too large, they fill you up.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I find my self here. It's like a religion now to eat here. Get their chicken avocado! It's amazing. Just eat here and you won't regret it.
4	Really good sandwiches, awesome desserts too. I thought the prices were a little steep but not outrageous....but I'm comparing to eating off strip for the most part because I live here. The service was fast considering how busy they were.I'd definitely recommend checking this place out...especially for tourists and if you're already in the area. Probably not worth the hassle for locals unless you're already stuck on the strip for another reason.
5	This place is legit shit. Seriously. Go here!! Sandwiches here are absolutely fantastic and I'm not a sandwich fan at all, until all my friends that knew if the place told me to go here! They have a toaster similar to Quiznos except better in my opinion and a really good variety of sandwiches, salads, soups, and even breakfast items and small dessert snacks. I had the tomato soup with extra croutons and my friend and I shared the Full Montague and Holiday Turkey. It was creamy tomato soup and really tasty, I took the recommendation of extra croutons from another yelp review and don't regret it once so ever. Ingredients in both sandwiches were very fresh and a good amount to pack enough flavor. I really enjoyed the full Montague but hell if the Holiday Turkey is available (bc apparently it isn't always around), get it!!!! It's literally thanksgiving packed into one sandwich with stuffing, cranberry sauce, turkey, mayo and gravy. Freaking out of this world!!! I want to get another before leaving Vegas! There's plenty if sandwich options. Wish I was around long enough to explore the other options, but will always remember this place whenever visiting Vegas.
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I will skip the buffet and head to the Earl of Sandwich for their amazing BLT!  OMG!  Sooooo good!  I recently introduced my boyfriend to it and now he is a fan as well.  Specifically he said, "That's probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had."  He's not a food critic or anything, but he's seriously picky about food and critiques food often if it's not to his liking.
5	My absolutely favorite - healthy, fresh food, great price. It's very hard to find healthy food in Las Vegas and this place is a safe choice.
2	Not sure why this place has such great reviews. I am surprised. I think its an ok sandwich spot. It does the trick, but nothing outstanding.
4	Got to try two sandwiches, always seen this place on yelp but finally found this place and got itthe price isnt vegas price so enjoy that! the sandwich is nice and warm i think its kinda small but the rpice is good the place is good! long line though but kinda fast i guess
5	amazing!!! better than anything. anything. I ordered the pastrami sandwich and let me just say... I wasn't expecting the amazingness. I even had to go back later in the day and order something else because it was that good.
4	AWESOME place for lunch, and not too expensive. The sandwiches are delicious.
5	This is a must visit place in Vegas whether you're drunk or sober. The food is inexpensive and soooo tasty. Order the club - or any sandwich really because they are all good. The par baked bread that is finished in the toaster really makes the sandwich. Then add a cup of tomato soup. Lastly, grab a chocolate chip cookie, you won't be disappointed.
3	Disappointed, ok food...not what I expected for the price.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I am not that big on sandwiches.  Sometimes I feel sandwiches are something you make at home, not really worth going out of your way for.  Then, I had a chance to test Earl of Sandwich.  This is my fav sandwich spot hands down.  I am so glad they built on in downtown Disney which is a lot closer to me than Vegas.  I usually get a hot sandwich and the tuna is so good!  The way they grill the hot sandwiches is perfect.  While, I don't frequent the shops at PH when I go to Vegas, I would recommend trying out this place if you are at the shops and just want something quick.
4	We always end up coming here on any trip to Vegas! Where else can you get a yummy meal for $6-$7 on the strip??  I usually get the full montagu, though it really just depends what kind of a mood I'm in!  There's always usually a line, but I've gotten lucky during odd hours (in-between meals) where the line was fairly short, and it moves fairly quickly for the most part too.  I love that their sandwiches are so warm and toasty right when you get them, and they're also the perfect size for me (though admittedly I don't eat that much!)  They've got tables & seating right there too, usually not too hard to find a seat because people finish eating pretty quickly.  Anywho, definitely worth a visit if you're in Vegas, and the biggest money-saver yet!  A Vegas rarity.
4	open 24 hours! thats always a plus. its great if you like sandwiches a lot.
3	The food at Earl of Sandwich was good, but the restaurant was not what I expected. For whatever reason I assumed I would be visiting a diner, but it was more like a chain restaurant. I wasn't impressed by the side dishes, and the sandwich was good, but it wasn't some sort of epiphany.
5	I loved Earl of Sandwich in the Palms! I order the Italian everytime and enjoy a cold beer with it. Used to go eat here after I got off work late at night at least once a week.Reasonable price, great sandwich. I'd recommend it.
5	Love it, even if they don't have whole wheat bread ha!
5	tuna melt with bacon.that is all. a++++++++++++
5	Delicious, affordable, and quickly prepared food located in the Planet Hollywood. With so many places that overcharge for food on the Strip, this place is a must try for a quick lunch or food for the drive home.
5	This place is the epitome of quality food at a reasonable price.  For being located in the Planet Hollywood shops you would expect some type of large mark up here but that is not the case.  This is a fantastic deal for a quick bite to eat, quick service and delicious sandwiches.Since I knew that a single sandwich wouldn't be able to curb a Vegas sized appetite I added on the Tomato Soup which of course is the perfect compliment to any delicious sandwich.I went for the Full Montagu and Lauren V. ordered the Caprese sandwich.  If memory serves me correct I don't think we put down our sandwich after the first bite nor did we share with each other.  That leads me to believe that both sandwiches were amazing.Easy solution for anyone thinking about coming here: just do it.  It's a steal for the quality of food.
2	I never thought I'd give Earl of Sandwich a bad review; I've been coming here for years and thoroughly enjoy their Original. This time, the bread was way too much for the meat that they put in and they forgot to put any mustard in the sandwich.  Please change it back!
3	After all the social media buzz about this place, I stumbled upon it at 12:15am with a Fat Tuesday drink in one hand and a growing appetite from walking around the Vegas Strip. I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was pretty good. I actually split it with my boyfriend and he enjoyed it too. I like the "crunch" factor of the bread and the saucy mayo, hot chicken, and nice schmear of avocado BUT they are kind of on the smaller size of sandwiches for $6-$7. Now this place is a huge upgrade from the ordinary Subway sandwiches, its a uniquely crafted panini and is open 24 hours. I would eat here again, but it would not be one of my "go-to" places.
4	What a great option for people to get fed on a dime. Compared to bustling glamour of the Vegas buffets and other expensive dining choices, Earl of Sandwich delivers a fantastic assortment of sandwiches in the heart of the Strip.  With my entourage I was able to try the Caprese, 1762 Original and Tuna Melt.Admittedly the sandwiches themselves were nothing spectacular on the palate, but Earl of Sandwich wins four out of five purely on the value that you are getting from the quality of these six dollar sandwiches worthy of Vegas's demanding taste buds.
3	Not that great.Good but not great.Would prefer many other restaurants. Not worth the wait.
1	shit sandwich disgusting and huge line If you like organic and healthuy walk away !!! insane that they are so successful maybe because of no competition around
3	Toasted quality sandwiches, good for a quick bite but not worth waiting on the lines I've seen passing by during peak hours. Out of the sandwiches I've tried which includes the Full Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ, The original 1762 and Chipotle Chicken Avocado, the Full Montagu was the best.The ingredients are tasty but the biggest problem I have with the sandwiches here is that there isn't ever enough filling. The middle is always plump and full of meat and cheese but when you get to the end, you're just eating dry bread.I've seen the sandwiches being made and it's on an assembly line. The workers count exactly how many slices of meat and cheese they put on the sandwiches and for each layer of ingredients there's only enough to cover the length of the bread. What's with the cheapness, Earl?
4	It was very good, but I can't say it's anything outrageous. Just a sandwich place that's good and cheaper than most Vegas places. I would go back and try more stuff to give a more detailed review, but for now if you're nearby and don't want to spend a ton of money it's a thumbs up from me.
5	Lord please bring one of these to New York!!!!These sandwiches are awesome. The sandwiches are small but that not a bad thing when you have the best tomato soup ever to go along with it. Sandwiches, top notch!Tomato soup, superb!Reasonably priced!!!!, specially in Vegas.
5	5 stars for the chipotle BBQ chicken sandwich!!!! Everything else is good but not all that.
4	Lines get super long so make sure you get there early enough. Sandwiches are pretty good, especially if you're not looking to spend a load and sit around waiting. Hits the spot.
5	My go to stop for a quick bite to eat! There's always a line, but for the amount of people they serve, pretty quick. It's great the next day, heated up when you're hungover too! I always, always get the full montagu! Yumm, with turkey and roasted beef, Swiss and cheddar cheese, tomatoes and lettuce. What makes it is the mustard sauce that kinda reminds me of honey mustard.Tuna is also an honorable mention. Not usually a tuna sandwich fan but this is pretty darn good. Crunchy breads and warm tuna, not fishy at all!The clam chowders and tomato soup are also good to warm the tummy. Especially if you're the type to dip your sandwiches in tomato soup, bomb!
4	Much better sandwich place than the Nosh @ Bally's, probably unfair comparison lol.Located Planet Hollywood on left side, don't be intimidated by the long lineups--service is friendly and fast.  Just have to serve your own coffee.Ordered the BLT and tuna salad, nicely wrapped.  Not huge like Subway, but just right.  Probably a good thing.  Choice of chowder, which I found the clam one was a bit on the salty side, no repeat here.While seating's huge, best to get someone to reserve a table while lining up.
4	Need a great sandwich quick? This is the place to go.
5	Well, who can say that Earl of Sandwich is anything less than a 4.5 star place. I love hot sandwiches and these are the best!If you are coming all the way to Planet Hollywood for these, then you are like me. Parking in PH sucks though, I have to go through all the shops before getting to the casino. Last time I was there, there was a 40 min line. Given how hard parking had been, I was already priced in.
4	Always a good joint to go to. Lines are usually long, but worth the wait. Any sandwich is a good pick.
5	I used to come to Earl of Sandwich on my lunch breaks at Planet Hollywood. This place is sooooo yummy! Every time that I went I was always greated nicely and they always made my order hot and fresh. YUM STATUS!
5	Most Vegas trips will include at least one baller buffet, but I always also come to Earl's. A great option for a quick, affordable bite to eat, this has been a favorite for many years now.To be honest, I never even really liked sandwiches that much until I tried Earl's (Mendo's also gets some credit). Everything I've tried here is legit, but the Full Montague is by far the best.It's also super convenient, open 24 hours, so you can eat good food at any time and it's easy on your probably-already-light-wallet from playing too much paigow. During mealtimes, it can get crowded though.I haven't tried the Anaheim location yet, but this Vegas one is still a trusty go-to.
5	AMAZING sandwiches, I come here every time we go to Vegas!
4	Located in PH by one of the entrances (ask around if you don't know). YUMMY hot sandwiches! Opens 24/7! Great for anytime of the day.How to order: Line up, order your hot items, get a buzzer, move down the line, order drinks, pay, find a table, wait for the buzzer to go off, pick up your order, enjoy the food!Don't shy away from the long line, it moves fast! Since it does move fast, know what you want to order before it's your turn. Most their sandwiches are less than $7 and it's a rather small portioned sandwich. I do get full from one though. Don't even try to share even with the tiniest of appetite. Thank me later when you don't find yourself lining up in the line and waiting for your second order. I recommend the Chipotle chicken Avocado (sweet and tangy) and/or the Full Montagu. Order a drink because you can get refills. Great to drink when you're outside in the hot sun too.It's a must try when you're in Vegas :)
5	Ugh. I'm having sammich withdrawals right now. After getting a little intoxicated at the amazing Lady Gaga concert, it was time for some food. What other place is always open and reliable at this time of night? Duh. Earl of Sandwich.I found a seat as my sister, the loyal Earl's customer, waited in line. We got a Chipotle Chicken Avocado to share. The bread comes to the store half baked then finished to perfection with your order. It was so good! The bacon and avocado was already good by itself but add smoky chipotle sauce? Unf.As if anyone even needs my recommendation to come here. I mean, it's difficult for any place to have thousands of review and stay in the 4/5 star range right? So. yeah.
4	Great affordable meal option in Vegas. The line will look long but it takes no time to order and then to receive your food. Sandwiches are better than all other chain restaurants (quiznos, subway, etc.).
5	Awesome sandwich for a decent price! I personally like to get the Caprese sandwich with a tomato soup.
3	Earl of Sandwich is a quick, convenient place to grab a bite while in Vegas. It is relatively affordable compared to other food options on the strip.However, I feel like it is merely an overhyped, assembly-line sandwich. I've had their Full Montagu and Philly Steak Sandwiches and there are good, but I've had better.Open 24 hours!
5	Orgasm to my mouth. Earl's never fails me. When I am sober to when I am drunk this sandwich will never let me down! My go to sandwich is the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich. It pretty jam pack with all the ingredients for a 6$ sandwich. Please please listen to me when I say you must order along side a tomato bisque soup! It's the BEST tomato bisque I've ever tasted. So creamy and the croutons they put in it is the cherry on top! Just dunk your sandwich in the cup of soup you won't regret it! Bam!
5	Pretty BOMB sandwiches I must say myself. I think they just got everything down in one sandwich. Quality is excellent for sure and service is decent. From the bacon to the avocados everything was just right. The salad was nothing special but I can't complain since they aren't the earl of salads. Conveniently located in between planet Hollywood and miracle miles which is awesome when needing a break from that 100 degree weather. I'll be back soon!!
3	good thing that this place is open 24/7.  sandwiches are decent not the best.. but it'll do the job we got the tuna sandwich and a tomato soup.. and no lines at 6 in the morning is also a plus
2	I had the Full Montagu, and yea its a sandwich. Nothing more and nothing less. Not special that's for sure. It was a busy afternoon there, and the line was very long which I actually liked because I thought  that maybe it was going to be awesome. When I started on the sandwich I felt extremely disappointed. There was a little buzz about the place so maybe my expectations were too high.
4	Awesome sandwiches, very affordable. We came here for a quick lunch and it was pretty damn good. It's kind of a food court atmosphere which i didn't care for but, if your just looking for an affordable meal or lunch on the vegas strip this place is great.
3	Have heard of this place and the deliciousness of its fare and decided to check it out while it Vegas.I bought two sandwiches (jerk and chipotle chicken) and a Caesar salad to take away for myself and my boyfriend. Mixed reviews. My jerk chicken sandwich was warm, fresh and utterly delicious. No complaints. My boyfriend however only rated his chipotle average. Likewise the Caesar salad was ordinary at best and I would have liked there to have been more than just a small half-full container of dressing.It's definitely worth trying however you and your pocket might be more satisfied with the nearby Subway.
5	These sandwiches are like little pieces of heaven to me...how could a sandwich taste so amazing?? I still don't understand. I had a couple months between my first and second visit, so I had some time to doubt their deliciousness. I thought, maybe I was just really hungry that last time I went.Went back this a.m, took a bite of my Holiday Turkey sandwich - nearly cried from being overjoyed. That's how good they are. Also tried my bf's chipotle chicken avocado: the chicken is unbelievably tender and that chipotle sauce - mmmmm!The place always looks crowded when you walk by, but we've never had a problem finding seats.
3	The soups were awesome, but the wrap I had was very bland. I've definitely had better. Looking back I feel like I should have gotten a sandwich.
5	5 stars all the way. Everything here is amazing.  I always make it a point to get Earls whenever I am in Vegas.  I make it another thing to get a sandwich before I go back to LA too!I always get the tuna melt + tomatoes or/and the chipotle chicken avocado!!! I've also tried the Full Montague, Earls Club -- those were also very tasty but my faves are the tuna and chipotle chicken.This is a 24 hour joint so it's perfect after a long night of dancing at the club.  It's also good for the morning after a long night of dancing at the club.  Honestly Earl's sandwich is good any time of the day or night.Lines can be long but they move fast, trust me it's worth the wait!!! Their mini brownies are so good too! Anything Earls, I am a fan!! A definite must try while in Vegas.
5	Thanks Yelp. I found this place. Good price and Good taste.There's always a line, but for the amount of people they serve, pretty quick. I ordered  the full montagu! Yumm, with turkey and roasted beef, Swiss and cheddar cheese, tomatoes and lettuce. The sandwich is good size for me. The salad looks really good. I will come back and try all the other items
3	After days of self indulgence, we needed something on the healthier side.  We were in the mood for a fresh hearty salad and this place seemed like it might fit the bill.  In retrospect, I think the're really more about sandwich (perhaps the name should have clued me in on that?).  Our salads were okay but amounted to an on-the-go salad you would purchase from a grocery store.
3	Was really looking forward to visiting this place based on Yelp reviews. Honestly, quite a let down. It wasn't bad, but didn't live-up to the hype for me.Order the Ruben only to be told as I was paying they're out of pastrami. Out of Pastrami at 4:00 p.m. on a Wednesday, really? So I ordered the Original. It was very average, not bad but nothing to write home about. Claimed there was horseradish on it but I couldn't taste it so I asked for a side of horseradish and I was handed a cup with something that resembled what's inside the packets at Arby's (although Arby's is better). Not what I was expecting.Again not bad, just average for me. Many better places in that area to eat.
5	Great place for a yummy sandwich. To me it was a step above some of the other sandwich shops in town. I would say that for the price and the taste of the sandwich you are getting your money's worth.
5	That infamous gold "brick" as they say. Came here for a midnight snack and got the full montagu. Its not just a regular sandwich, its beyond that. Out of this world to be exact. This place aint no hype, but the real deal. Better than subway, togos, quiznos, and all your "whole-in-the-wall" sandwiches. I never went to the one in downtown disney but don't go to that one. Go here, inside the planet hollywood location. Go order the full montagu and walk down the strip, watch the dancing fountain, while gambling, or better yet - bring it to a strip club and enjoy it there! Part of my top ten best sandwiches.
4	If you're in the mood for a sandwich and a bowl of soup after a kickass night, then this is a good, no I mean great idea! I've been here several times and they never do me wrong. Go with either the Ruben or the chipotle chicken sandwich, with a bowl of chicken tortilla soup, mmmm. Time to bust through that hangover and start again. Only knock is the sandwiches are small as heck.
3	The restaurant was Ok, nothing really to write home about especially when you figure in the pricing of it. The fact that I think a grocery store soup and salad at a Whole Foods is better. Thats just the deal.
4	It's 24 hours and they make really great sandwiches, we stayed in Planet Hollywood so it's was nice to have decent food anytime.
5	This has been a favorite spot for years. The sandwiches are amazing, and it's in the Planet Hollywood, so one of the nicer but not stuck up areas of the Strip. Unless you go at a real-late hour, though, be prepared for an understandable wait, and even if you do go real late there's a risk. Full Montague, every day, all day.
5	Going to Vegas is pricy but eating here never hurts my pocket.   This is the best sandwich place on the strip and the price just adds the extra star.   Caribbean Jerk was good but I don't think I have had a bad sandwich here.   Must Try!
2	Sandwiches are ok but wilted warm lettuce is gross.  The employees are bored and can't be bothered to even fake a smile--both at the point of ordering and the cashier.  They also mixed up my order with other customers' orders twice.Get them a tip jar and they may be able to fake it for the length of their shifts.
4	Line moves relatively fast so don't trip.Great value for the food your getting (In respect to most of the places on the strip)- Chipotle Chicken Avocado (Grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce) is on point. You really can't go wrong with this.- Holiday Turkey (Turkey, corn bread stuffing, cranberry sauce & mayonnaise) was good, but seemed to be lacking something. If I order again I'd probably ask for some red onions on it.
5	The best sandwich in Vegas.I could end the review with that, but it wouldn't be fair to the place.  Located near the south entrance (strip side) of Planet Hollywood, this place is an absolute must for anyone looking for a quick bite 24/7.  Don't be afraid of the lines, they move faster than you would think.  And the food is worth the wait.  I've had a couple of the salads (Caesar & Thai), and sandwiches (tuna melt, Chipotle chicken, club to name a few).  Try it.  You'll be impressed.  I can't wait to try something new next time.
4	Yes it lives up to the hype.Yes there will be a long line.Yes you should come here sober or drunk.Can't decide on a sammie? -- Go splities with a friend on two sammies. Odds are you'll enjoy both.But if i had to -- Full Montagu, Italian and Original.
3	Quick in-and-out place. Expect it to be busy and it can be difficult to find a table. If you're looking for quick and easy in Vegas without going fast food, this is a good option.
2	This is not what I was expecting from the reviews. The sandwiches are SMALL...and that's saying a lot from me because I don't ever finish my meals. Yes, this is a quick eat, and yes it was a decent sandwich. However, you are in Vegas where there is GREAT food all around...don't settle for this.
4	Finally, I found a place in Vegas that is a decent substitute for a hoagie from the Northeast.A hoagie/sandwich is one of those things where the major components all add to the overall experience.  You can't just have one component carry the slack for the rest of the components.  A lot of times I'll find a place where the meats are great, but the bread is terrible or vice versa.I had the Full Montague here.  The bread was fresh; it actually had a great crust and was chewy on the inside as well.  The right bread is the hardest thing to find in most places. The meat itself is top notch, and is just as good as Boar's Head branded meat, if it isn't actually Boar's Head.  I liked this place much better than Capriotti's; if you're a fan of hoagies from Philly or NY come here. This place always seem to have a super long line whenever I walk past, but it seems to move quickly.  They have call ahead ordering and I recommend doing that to skip the line.I'll definitely be back to try other sandwiches, and hope it's just as good as the Full Montague.
3	I came here because of the high rating and almost 4000 reviews!! Goes to show that doesn't always mean everything.The sandwiches were just ok.  "Meh" at best.  The meat is thin, processed cuts.  I had the Full Montagu and like I said, nothing to write home about.  Tasted the tuna melt and again, meh.  I've had better.  I think the number of reviews and high ratings comes from the late night, post-drinking clientele. Staff were friendly and food came out fast. Sandwiches were about $6.49.  Would I come back? Nope...unless I was broke and couldn't afford to eat better!
4	If you're not in the mood for a breakfast buffet, this place fits the bill. They have good options for breakfast and lunch. It could get crowded though during peak breakfast and lunch hours.
2	Pedestrian mass produced food. Was inspired by many of the positive reviews and tried it on a surprisingly quiet Friday evening. Girlfriend had a the BBQ chicken which tasted like rubber, and I had the original 1742. Nothing positive to say here for foodies, you can do better. I'd rather eat at McDonald's (and I don't). I agree with Liz K. "the number of reviews and high ratings comes from the late night, post-drinking clientele."
4	Two Words: Great SandwichesWe came here for lunch while we were staying at Planet Hollywood.  We were just looking for a quick bite and this place is located right outside the casino, by the mall entrance; so it was very convenient. When we saw the line we almost changed our mind, but I'm glad we didn't.  The line moves very fast.  The people working at the counter were very friendly and helpful.  I got the chicken chipotle sandwich and it really hit the spot. The sandwiches are all about $7 and that is a pretty good price for a meal on the strip.
4	I was always get the chipotle avocado sandwich. Service is always great considering they serve so many customers. Earls is always a nice place to eat.
4	The Good- Open 24/7, handy location (inside PH, right on the strip), inexpensive- Most sandwiches are delicious and the bread is great tooThe Bad- Seems like they've been skimping on the amount of meat/ingredients lately- Lines can be dreadfully long, timing is everythingTips- Don't forget about the salads like the Cobb, or the breakfast menu, especially their BLT ;)
5	Yesterday on a family trip to Vegas, we had nothing to eat. My sister suggested Earl of Sandwiches, but my dad at first resisted because he isn't a big fan of sandwiches. When we got there, the line was a bit lengthy but went pleasantly fast. Our sandwiches were nice and toasty (we got the Chicken Chipotle and Full Montagu), and after my dad took a few bites he said: "I want to go back to our hotel room, turn on the tv, and eat this sandwich.. That's my dream." As you can see, Earl of Sandwiches changed my dad's opinion about sandwiches with it's deliciousness! It is a great place to visit overall.
3	Had breakfast at the one in Planet Hollywood Casino.  It was pretty good.  Kind of greasy but makes good drunk food.
4	Last month my friends and I went here to grab something to eat. It was so tasty.  I would definitely go again! The line moved quickly. They had plenty of choices, and I  was so not hungry when I was finished at all.
5	My favorite sandwich spot in vegas! I recommend getting 'The Earl's Club' Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce is to die for!Never any regrets eating here, you won't be disappointed.
5	Its really good. Bread is soft. Chipotle chicken avocado is bomb. Salad fresh. Great value in vegas
5	Yum yum! One of the best sandwiches I've had!
4	Arrived in Vegas and was looking for an affordable place to eat.  Checked the reviews and ended up here, ordering the Original 1762 sandwich.The reviews are right, this is good!  The sandwich was made nice and hot, with just the right proportions of meat and horseradish.  The hoagie was crunchy on the outside and just right in the middle.  The price ain't too bad either.So why did I knock off one star? Most of the tables were dirty with trash on them.  Obviously they hadn't been cleaned since the previous patrons used them and I had a hard time finding a clean table to sit at.  This wasn't a busy time either.  While I ate, someone finally started to go around and clean the tables.  Despite this slight inconvenience, I'd certainly easy here again.
5	My husband and I shared The Full Montagu. The inside of the sandwich was gooey and tasty as the bread was still crisp but not hard (we ate it about 30min after we got the sandwich). The lines moved rather quickly: 1.you order and a receipt is handed to you 2.move along the line, pay at the next register with anything you picked up along the way and you also order your cup for the fountain drinks at this register. They hand you another receipt and a buzzer.3. When your buzzer buzzes pick up your sandwich next to the paid register.The only thing I wanted more of was the meat! There was hardly any meat in The Full Montagu. It's not something I would go back for or crave for but  is something light and close by that I can grab when at Planet Hollywood. It's good enough to fill me for an hour or two. Something to try but not a must.
4	Their sandwiches are decently priced for something on The Strip and it is very good. I tried the tuna , philly cheese steak, and the reuben sandwich. I think my favorite is the tuna sandwich because I love the creamy texture and taste of it. Least favorite is the philly cheese sandwich because I've tried better ones from Subway and other sandwich shops. The cheese was not melted and I like my cheese to be melted. The bread was toasted just the way I like it and it had just the right amount of crunchiness to it. I am in love with the bread.
5	Amazing sandwiches!  I had the Caprese, and my 8 year old son had the BBQ wrap.  Both were excellent!
5	I wish this place was closer to where I lived and more easily accessible!  I'm a sandwich fiend and Earl of Sandwich does not disappoint.  So.  Freakin.  Good.
5	the earl club is so good! a warm turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomato and dressing. it's the first item on the menu for a reason...order it!
1	Overrated just go to Quiznos or subway just being honest don't get me wrong food is good bot not amazing the drink section is nasty and dirty I live in Vegas I will never go out of my way to come to this place again
4	I always make a stop here when I'm in Vegas or Anaheim. You know when food is so good that having it in your presence alone makes you happy? The sandwiches are so delicious that is exactly how it makes me feel. Just be prepared to wait in line!
3	Popular sandwich place, located on the Vegas strip. This is a chain restaurant and the menu is usually the same between them. It is always crowded and sometimes finding a table is difficult. They also offer salads, baked goods and smoothies. Service is usually fair and food is slightly above average. Though the Vegas location could use someone cleaning the tables in the dining area. If looking for sandwiches, it is worth a try.
5	After dayclubbing and you get the drunchies, there is nothing better than Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood. Some people like drunchies to be unplanned, but my trip to Earl of Sandwich was definitely planned days before. The line was relatively long, probably took over 20 minutes from standing in line to sitting down and devouring my sandwich but the wait was so worth it!I got three different sandwiches: the chipotle chicken avocado, the tuna melt and the hawaiian bbq! YES - a small girl like me had to have three, but of course I didn't eat them all in one sitting. Honestly, if my boyfriend didn't stop me, I would have gotten a dozen of these sandwiches to-go. They were simply too good and I can't even tell you which one is my favorite because all three were amazing!!! There are plenty of seating but as you can imagine, the lines are long and there are always a lot of people so seating may be hard to find. I didn't have trouble finding a seat for two, but that was at 3pm, which is more of a lunner hour instead of normal eating hours. TRUST ME. GO HERE. IT IS BOMB!!I think I'm gonna have to head to downtown disney this week just to get some of these sandwiches.
5	They no longer carry the cannonballs! sandwich :(So sad!It is off their menu online too so this is probably a company wide change.Also, I'm not sure when they made this other change, but no more ice cream sandwiches either! Even so, it's still a great place to grab a bite to eat at any time of the day.
4	Open 24 hours and affordable delicious hot sandwiches.. what's not to love?!I've been to Vegas many many times and we always end up eating here atleast once during our trip.  The line can get really long, but dont worry.. from experience, they move pretty fast!  The menu here consists of several different types of sandwiches... I've had the:Earls ClubThe Full Montagu*Tuna MeltChipotle Chicken AvocadoHawaiian BBQ*Caribbean Jerk Chicken*meatball one (Forgot the name)The ones with the * are my favorite ones :)  The sandwiches are made pretty fast.. you get a buzzer that buzzes when your order is ready.  Aside from sandwiches, they also have wraps, soups, macaroni salad, coleslaw, fruit cups, cookies, muffins and other baked goods.  The coleslaw here is pretty good to eat with your sandwiches too.Price is very affordable compared to most of the food joints in Vegas.. plus it's at a very convenient location.. found in Planet Hollywood on the strip.. and there's even a Sugar factory and Fat Tuesday near by :)
4	This place is always consistent no matter what I order. The people that work here give great suggestions depending on what you're in the mood for. Brownie ice cream sandwich is the best thing I've ever had in my life.
5	Seriously one of the reason I love staying at Elara so much is how close and convienent it is to Earl's! Only a 10 minute walk or if I'm desperate, a 5 minute fast-walk dodging innocent pedestrians. Earl's is my go to meal in Vegas. You cant beat the price and quality. I've done many a vegas trips surviving off only Earl's.A typical schedule consist of - Arrive in Vegas, grab Earl's for dinner. Eat half - take a Tabasco for the road. Go clubbing. Come home starving - finish the other half that night or the next morning. Wake up. Day Club. Earl's.Really what more do you need? Order the Caprese Sandwhich - no meat but still incredibly filling and flavorful. The soups are great too if your too exhausted to conquer a sandwhich first. Great cold, hot, or microwaved the next day!
5	Jerk chicken sandwich is great.  If you are in vegas go here.  My fav place after in-n-out burger :)one sandwich might not be enough.  Just a word of caution
4	Me and my boyfriend waited in line for about 10-15 minutes before we made it up to the register. This was around 230pm on a Saturday.Once we got to the front we ordered the original and chipotle chicken sandwiches, along with a cup of their amazing tomato soup.We waited about another 5-10 minutes before a staff member handed us our bag. We saw right away that there were 3 sandwiches (not 2) and we were missing the soup. How could they mix that up? We showed the staff our receipt and they gave us the soup.When we got back to the Cosmo to eat, we found that they had given us 2 of the originals (they basically made one of our sandwiches twice). Sweet deal..The roast beef on the original was extremely chewy though, and I had to spit out a lot of the meat. The 4 star review is really for the soup and the chipotle chicken sandwich which were amazing. Beware of tough roast beef!
4	Vegas is known for its countless high-end buffets and celebrity chef owned restaurants, but Earl of Sandwich is one place that I always look forward to eating. I always get The Original roast beef sandwich or the Chipotle Avocado Chicken sandwiches depending on what I'm feeling like. Their turkey chili is also delicious. Yum yum yum!
5	I love Thanksgiving food. The holiday turkey is sooo good! Like thanksgiving in the form of a sandwich. For $6.49 per sandwich, this is probably one of the cheapest, tastier meal options you'll find in the Las Vegas Strip. Lines moved promptly. I'm already planning of my return here before I hit the airport. I want to try some of their other delicious tasting sandwiches but damn that holiday turkey was bomb! I already know that's gonna be my last Vegas meal. Their cole slaw ($2.49) was ok. Pretty good but not great.
4	Sandwich chip and drink for under 12 bucks. Not bad when need a quick bite. I usually get tge earl club add avocado. Delish! Even the kettle chip bag is delish. During rush hour gets real busy. You place your sandwhich order in front n they give you a receipt with a buzzer. you move down the line grabbing whatever you also want. pay cashier and wait for buzzer go off. overall good hot sandwich.
5	Love, love, love this spot!  One of my favorite things about staying at Planet Hollywood is being so close to Earls.  This delicious sandwich spot is open 24 hours... How convenient!Sanwiches- I've tried most sandwiches on the menu and they've all been amazing.  They're always hot, fresh, and delish.  My personal favorites are the chipotle chicken and veggie sandwich. Wraps- They're fresh but nothing as tasty as the sandwiches.Salads- Small in size, but tasty. Try the Cobb.Baked Goods- ahhhh.... The cookies are moist and rich.  Although I'm usually a huge fan of chocolate chip cookies, the sugar cookie was my favorite in this case.  Don't let the long line discourage you!  They move pretty quickly, especially during the day.
5	These sandwiches are amazing. The perfect bun to sauce to meat ratio. Why have I not tried these sandwiches before??? The full montagu, earls club, and chicken avacado were all full of deliciousness.It's open 24 hours. Be prepared for long line ups. It's worth the wait!
4	When it comes to good sandwiches, you can't beat Earl's!I come to Vegas twice a year for SHOT Show and the USN Gathering (Knife Show) and two things are always guaranteed: A stay at Planet Hollywood and a sandwich from here.I've had just about everything on the menu and have never had a bad experience here. I like the Original and the Jerk Chicken the best.You can't beat the price and can often get out of here spending less than $10
4	Full disclosure, I haven't eaten in at this place yet, but we've catered out a couple of times.  I like the sandwiches in general, with the exception of a couple of the flavors.  My favorites are the Jamaican Jerk chicken, and the Original (roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish).  Unfortunately, the portions are kind of small and I think the prices are a little expensive for what you get.  That being said, the flavors are definitely there for a quick fast-food sandwich.
4	The best and cost effective quick bite in PH!
4	Good for the price. Tasty sandwiches ( ham and swiss, chipotle avocado) that will make a good cheap meal, as these kinds of prices are tough to find inside casinos. The Mac n cheese was bland and I would have liked more meat per sandwich however. It's a popular spot, so expect a line, and a wait to find a seat.
4	Short version: Cheap sandwich that will fill your hunger hole without regrets.Longer version: Came here with part of a Bachelorette group after reading the reviews. We had spent all day pool-side at the Tropicana but didn't feel like spending $15 for a simple sandwich. For $7, we each got a perfectly sized sandwich to stop the hunger monster without breaking the bank. I got the Italian and would eat it again. Was it the best sandwich I have ever experienced? Eh... No, but it was still delicious. Food that leaves room for more alcohol? I'm calling that a win, Las Vegas.
5	Soo good. Tried many of the menu items between the group and loved everything. Soup, sandwiches, salads, and wraps were all delicious! It's located right in the middle of the strip inside of the Miracle Mile Mall, next to planet Hollywood. It's a very casual place so you can go anytime!!! We made multiple stops here during our trip as there was plenty to try! Must visit if you're on the strip!!
4	The Skinny: Awesome sandwich joint open late with a self-proclaimed "world famous" tagline that lives up to their hype!Environment:This place was in one of the casinos so the environment is... well it's Vegas, what else do you want? They have some tables for seating, and since most people come and go fast, it isn't that hard to find seating.Service:Mostly service is consisted of the cashiers and the sandwich makers. There isn't much to say about the customer service for the tabling because that doesn't really matter here.Food:Amazing sandwich! I got the hot turkey sandwich because I wanted to try out the cranberry sauce and stuffing since one of my favorite sandwiches is the Bobbie at Capriotti's of Culver City. Man... the sandwich at Earl surpassed my past experiences with that kind of sandwich elsewhere! It was very balanced and did not sog up the bread, but it kept it moist at just the right amount. The balance kept the flavor in without an over dryness of bread. My friends got other hot sandwiches and it seemed everyone liked their sandwiches. Some came by again the next day!Overall: 4/5Good place for sandwiches, you should definitely try this place for a small bite when in Vegas.
4	I've wanted to try this place for years, and finally did today.  Wow, why didn't I try it sooner?  I wasn't super hungry, so my spouse and I shared the club.  It was great, perfectly warm, yet the lettuce was still cool and crisp.  That is an accomplishment.  They even let me try the tomato soup before I ordered it.  It was really good too, but I know it has dairy in it.  Its too creamy to be vegan( I'm not vegan, just warning you).   Its a major value in an expensive city( on the strip) too.  12.00 for a sandwich, soup and chips.  Be warned though, they only have pepsi products.
5	I had heard of this place many times before. It is the "best sandwich" you'll ever have, you "HAVE to eat here", etc etc.   I thought I'd be let down because that's A LOT of hype for just a sandwich shop but it met the hype and I WANT it NOW as I type this review!!LOCATION: This one is located at Planet Hollywood. PH is kind of big and I was still disoriented a bit but if you enter from the strip, walk through the casino and look for the big huge "YOLO's sign" and Earn of Sandwich is right across from it. We went around 1pm on Friday and the line was kind of long but don't freak out because it goes really quick. You order your sandwich at the left and can pick up brownies and other things at the counter to the right. You pay there/give them your free brownie code and they'll give you a buzzer thing so you can find seating while you wait. We went again on Sunday around 11:30am/12pm and the line wrapped around the front of the restaurant. Took maybe 10mins to order. Both times after we paid, it took 5 -10 mins to get our food.  We were lucky both times and there was plenty of seating too. FOOD: Since we were planning on going to a buffet for dinner, my bf and I split a chipotle chicken avocado - 6.49 (Grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce).  OMG it was SO good. The cheese was perfectly melted and so gooey. The bread was toasted and the perfect amt of crisp on the outside and soft enough on the inside. The chicken was so moist and juicy and was a perfect combo of flavors with the avocado, bacon and sauce! The half sandwich was so not enough.. granite we were hungry and just did this to get us through the buffet but after I had the first bite I knew we'd have to come back before we left Vegas. The second time we went on Sun- my bf got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado again and I got the The Full Montagu - 6.49 (Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce). We both had half of each other's sandwiches and still hands down the CCA was the better one. The FM was really good too though! That roast beef was so soft and juicy too! We got a free brownie both times and it was good. It's more a cake-like brownie and I love those! I was thinking it would be too dense because they're triple chocolate but it was just right! Totally tasted freshly baked, soft and a perfect way to end your meal. Plus you can't beat free! First time to try it and I LOVED IT. My friends told me they opened one in Anaheim (about 45 mins from where I live in LA) .... may be worth the drive for this place! It's def not "just" a sandwich like you know.. it's earned it's Earl of Sandwich title :DThank you yelpers for bringing this one up for cheap eats in Vegas! Worth it!TIPS AND SUCH---------------Full menu here: http://www.planethollywoodresort.com/content/dam/phv/Dining/Casual/earl-of-sandwich/eos-october-2013.pdfSign up for the mailing list for a FREE BROWNIE: http://www.earlofsandwichusa.com/the-eclub/It took about a day to get the confirm email.  Inside the email, there'll be a link to open that has a barcode for the cashier to scan for the free brownie.  We went twice while we were in Vegas so we just split one brownie each time.  The first time, it didn't scan so they keyed it in. The second time we went I just showed it to them and they didn't bother scanning it. I'd get that brownie next time even if it wasn't free
4	Finally tried this place! I didn't even know it was in our hotel!Anyways, I got the chicken avocado club and was recommended the BBQ pork. I ordered both for myself for the ride to the airport. The chicken club was amazing! The BBQ was just not enough pork. I took off half the bread and folded it. Can't wait to try more sandwiches!
4	Best sandwich I've ever had it was not, but it was still really good.  I think my wife hyped it up too much.  It's definitely better than subway, but it also reminded me a lot of quizno's.  Go ahead and boo me all you want with those comparisons, but that's what I felt like.  I had the chipotle chicken and it came out warm, melty, cheesy, and full of chicken, but for what I was paying for, it was kind of small, maybe a 6 inch sandwich. Perfect location inside the shops at Planet Hollywood, we saw many sober and not so sober folks enjoying their sandwiches.  Don't let the loud music from the bar across the way deter you late at night, or maybe it will guide you their way to keep on partying after you enjoy your sandwich late into the morning since they are open 24 hours.
5	I just love this place. I always get the holiday sandwich! I tried their macaroni and cheese this time and it was delish. The boyfriend got chipotle chicken with avocado sandwich which is also a great choice!
5	Line moved really quickly. They had a pretty organized system. They hand out a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready but by the time I was ready to pay my sandwich was done.I ordered the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken avocado. Probably two of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. The tuna melt had melted cheese that was oozing with every bite. The chipotle sandwich is a must get and is made to perfection.
5	Nothing to say that hasn't already been said. This place is awesome.
4	Never disappoints. Conveniently located next to the sportsbook. I was about to list my favorite sandwiches but it's easier to just say they're all good. If a sandwich on the board catches your eye or tickles your fancy while you're in line but you're not sure if you should get it, rest assured. It will be a delicious sandwich. Last weekend I ate half of my club sandwich, stuck it in a fridge, took it out, drove home, and it still tasted fantastic.
4	Food is wonderful but staff was very rude!I got pastrami it was made perfect!  Tried the original also great! And so was tomato soup
3	Anyone who gives this place more than three stars without being drunk needs to have their head examined. I appreciate that there's an affordable option on the Strip, but most casinos have a food court or casual eatery on site somewhere, so price really isn't enough to nudge this into the extra-stars category.This is basically a slightly-nicer Quizno's.Earl of Sandwich is a chain that offers (what else?) sandwiches: warm or cold, with side options like chips and cookies, and the occasional soup or salad. While some rave about their bread, I guess I've gone on the wrong days because it didn't blow my mind.The original is tasty, though I prefer a very light touch with my horseradish. It's refreshing to see a caprese on a fast-food menu, but the bread texture/density doesn't complement the delicate components of this particular sandwich.But the fact that this place is rated one of the top five places to dine in Vegas based on star score and number of reviews is downright insulting to the hundreds of phenomenal restaurants we have, even including ones that are not celebrity-chef-owned or expensive.
5	I ate here a long time ago but forgot to review this place.. The chipotle chicken avocado sandwich was really good, warm, and had a nice tangy sauce. The line was very long but went faster than I thought. Take me back to Las Vegas!!
4	I can see why this place has a line...probably because of the decent price and the small bites of made to order sandwiches. Eating buffet day and night in Vegas makes me tired so I was glad that we discovered this place. The original I got was yummy and I finish within a few minutes..felt like a snack to me but it was enough. Will try a different one next time...but which one?
3	I stayed at Aria and realized this place wasn't too far of a walk.  Sure, there are plenty of places to eat in Aria, but you're paying double the price, easily.  I was able to try a few of the sandwiches and picked up some breakfast sandwiches for the airport (just in case).  I hate hanger.  Some sandwiches were definitely better than others.  My favourites were the chicken chipotle and the full montagu.  For the price and taste, not bad.  These things don't travel well though.  Eat them fresh and on the premises, otherwise, they drop down to two stars.
3	The bread is baked as your sandwich is made.  Got the Reuben  sandwich.  Put all of the fillings on one half, the pastrami was tasty, but the sandwich fillings have gotten skimpier over the years.  LONG lines around lunchtime.Still a good sandwich if you are willing to wait.
5	SO GOOD! I feel like this is a must go place whenever you're in Vegas! It's so worth it! The bread is so yummy! This is located in PH and there is usually a long line but it goes by pretty fast. I want to go back to Vegas now...as I am writing this review. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! I'm hungry!
5	This place is a MUST-EAT when you are in Vegas. If you don't get Earl's, your Vegas trip is NOT COMPLETE!!I find comfort in their Tomato Soup, whether or not you're hungover or sad that you've lost money. The sour and creamy Tomato Soup will be the best pick-me-up! Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Say it a few more times so you will remember to get Chipotle Chicken Avocado. If you are a fan of avocado, this is the sandwich for you. The savory chipotle sauce goes perfectly well with avocado and diced chicken breast. I can devour the entire thing in less than 5 minutes, not even kidding. Then after that, I would go get another one for the long road back home. Ahh okay now I want to go back to Vegas just to get some more!
4	Delicious! The line is very long but they hand you a flashing waiting device which has a 100 meter range. I love the Hawaiian BBQ with its ham and chicken combination and the slightly sweet touch of the pineapples. I also really adore the Original sandwich with its roast beef and the slightly sweet spread. The sandwiches have the perfect combination of flavor and crispy texture from the toasted bread. The size is also well-portioned. The sandwich is cut in half and I have found that only eating half is the perfect size for a snack, while finishing the whole sandwich is the perfect size for a meal.
3	It's a tasty sandwich with a loooooong line. And you might have to eat it while standing in a casino. But it's also a cheap lunch option on the strip, so, meh, I guess it's alright.
5	Was here Saturday morning and the bacon, egg & cheese is the way to go. Great picker upper & great $. Be prepare to stand in line.
4	I've never had a roast beef sandwich before. The Original 1762 was simply delicious!
5	Winner winner Tuna melt sammich. They use albacore white, Swiss cheese on a soft heated bun.  It was Earlicius!!! Sorry no pics, scarfed that bad boy down.  It was also a really good portion, not gijimbo just right.
4	Delicious Sandwiches fast!  This place is a well oiled machine.  If the line looks long don't worry, it goes fast!The food is a great deal, everything is under $10 but taste like it should be twice the cost.  I had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich and a brownie.  Very tasty.  I would like to have tried everything on the menu.Definitely check this place out if you are in the Miracle Mile shops!
3	Cheapest go to spot for your source of hangover food!  I admit I use to go to this place a lot because it was probably the most affordable place on the strip to eat at. However, this place is old news for me now since I have the luxury of eating it at Downtown Disney now!   Food: I usually opt for the original sandwich or the full montagu. However, I personally prefer the original ! In addition to the sandwiches, I also enjoy eating their clam chowder here, because it definitely hits the spot after a crazy night of partying. Service: The line is always long during the daytime, I feel like this place needs to learn how to be more efficient about this aspect of the business. But then again it may not be their fault, because everyone and their friends keep cutting the line! Final Verdict: Love the sandwiches and soup, but I would probably only come back here if I was traveling on a budget.
4	Always pretty good. Depending on location, comps can be used. Tasty. Fast. A little pricey but again, comps can be used. Have only tried the sandwiches although they offer other items. Friendly. The only issues I've ever had here are with other customers. The clientele can sometimes be very rude, drunk, and/or lost. Not sure how the employees put up with them so much.
5	Sandwiches here are awesome and the price is very reasonable. Sandwiches are about 6 inches, all the sandwiches are great but my favorite was the roast beef. Make sure you get someone to get a table while you order, cause it does get packed. Another bonus, it is open 24 hours.
4	Interesting history.  Sandwich was definitely good but I think I enjoyed the sandwich for the history behind its establishment.  The real Earl of Sandwich does not have any secret recipes passed down through generations and the original sandwich shop did not exist for 300 years. But it's still interesting to know that the current Earl of Sandwich decided to make money off of the creation of his ancestors.
3	Meh, don't know what all the fuss is about. I'm from Michigan where we have something similar called Potbellys. Hot and cold sandwiches on a toasted bun. The soups suck, don't waste your money.
4	6.49$ Sandwiches? nomnomnomI had the Full Montagu which was delicious. Love their soups too! Everything on their menu is great and it's simple and easy. Their lines are long so be prepared to wait.
5	Earl of Sandwich is Las Vegas perfection. No trip is complete without at least one stop here. It's open 24 hours, very affordable, centrally located, and DELICIOUS whether you're sober or drunk. Seating area isn't that big; maybe my friends and I are just lucky but we always find a table no matter what time we go, even when things seem busy.A bonus is that it's across the way from some bar in the Miracle Shops that plays really good hip hop and R&B music (at least on the Friday night we went).
4	I've always loved the Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney. So imagine my face when I found this location is only a walkway away from where we were staying. Tears of happiness, guys. Real tears.In all seriousness, Earl of Sandwich, located inside Planet Hollywood near PBR Rock Bar & Grill, catered to me and my cousins' both drunk and sober needs -- and for the inexpensive price of $6.49 (as of Sept. 7, 2014), might I add.My "gold bars" from my last few visits include Avocado BLT and the Holiday Turkey.The Avocado BLT is packed with a ton of itty bitty bits of bacon and a generous serving of avocado. With the toasted, crunchy bread and my addition of some Grey Poupon... ugh. Just writing about it makes my stomach grumble.The Holiday Turkey sandwich has the fixits of a leftover sandwich the day after Thanksgiving. The sandwich includes slices of turkey, mayo, stuffing and cranberry sauce. REALLY delicious! This sandwich is the epitome of filling your drunchies.I also managed to grab a side of their potato salad. It wasn't that great; it tasted what you'd expect in a potato salad. However, the portion is small for the price you're paying, so don't bother.The staff here are a hit or miss. Most of them are friendly, but during one of our visits, the lady taking our sandwich order literally didn't say a word. I told her my sandwich, and before I could ask for a side, she prints out my order receipt and took the next customer. Uh, okay.All in all, Earl of Sandwich delivers a bang for your buck. Huge props for keeping this place open 24 hours. If you need a bite and you're near Planet Hollywood, definitely give this place a try.
5	After 4 days of either crap expensive food or expensive just barely edible food Yelp reviews led me to the Earl of Sandwich.   Worth the walk to get here.  Excellent breakfast sandwich and just because I walked all the way there to get breakfast I had to try one of the signature Earl of Club sandwiches.   Even full from breakfast this sandwich was excellent too!  I'll stay at a hotel closer to this place next Vegas trip. Oh and did I mention they do NOT accept tips.  Nice!  The prices are great too!
5	Holy mother of sandwich, this place is so good. I missed it the year in between my trips to Vegas. Sober or tipsy, my reaction to this food is the same: 100% necessity. Ate three sandwiches in a three day trip to Vegas. Yeah, it's that good.  I tried the tomato soup on my last day, my only regret is not getting it on the first day so I could enjoy dipping ALL of my sandwiches in it. If you're going to Vegas or already here stumbling down the strip looking up places to eat on your phone. Put earl of sandwich on your map and cab over!
2	I knew something was off about this location. :| Came on a Saturday evening to grab dinner and of course there's a line. We wait diligently as like the other 30-40 people in line. Out of nowhere two gargantuan couple comes waltzing in front of me and orders. Literally cuts the line and the cashier doesn't say anything. This happens again when my boyfriend and his group of friends was up when three other guys comes up to them, tries to use a "Have you seen my phone" ruse to cut in line. The cashier once again can see that the three guys were not there beforehand, yet decides to stay silent. Thank goodness the group decides to walk around them to order.What pissed me off was we tried telling management about it, it's not fair to all the other people waiting in line. The response they gave: they merely shrugged their shoulders and said "okay". #WTF. They could've at least put line cutters on last or something. They didn't even seem to care that it was bothering other customers.Not to mention their service is terribly slow. We watched the only sandwich cutter take his sweet time cutting the sandwiches as other sandwiches piled up in the oven (since it's on a conveyor belt). It ended up being burnt. -_-If it wasn't for the fact that this was the closet place to cheap eats near Vdara, probably wouldn't come here again.
3	The sandwiches here are very tasty but they have messed my order up a few times I have been here which is frustrating! If they had better service I would definetly give them more stars.
2	This place was just ok... It was not worth the wait in the long line.
5	Excellent, no nonsense, cheap breakfast and lunch food.  Earl of Sandwich is very reminiscent of a Panera Bread style lunch bistro, with amazing prices for the strip.  My girlfriend and I each had a sandwich, bottle of water, chips, and shared a macncheese for under 25$.  Average sandwich price is around 7 bucks.  All sandwiches and wraps are around 6" in size.
3	In my view, yet another overhyped restaurant. Earl of Sandwich is a glorified Subway. The Food: The chips are greasy and not particularly special. The chicken tortilla soup is pretty standard, the kind of soup you'd expect at your local Panera Bread. The chicken mac'n'cheese was actually quite delicious, with a crunchy texture owing to the crumbs they throw on top (mmm mmm mmmm). And the sandwich itself? Nothing special. I got the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich: The bread was whatever-white-bread, the chicken seemed ok, but not explosive, and the big chunks of avocado were pretty good and fresh. Price: Dirt cheap. Under $7 for a sandwich. I understand for the price it may be decent enough. But this is not nearly as good as Ike's in San Francisco. Overall, this may be a good place to check out if you and the squad are nursing a hangover on a Sunday morning, but I wouldn't go here otherwise. Also, the lines can apparently get pretty huge.In the near future, I expect this place to explode into a national chain, losing whatever little cache it had in Vegas as a stop-over spot for hungover peeps.
4	The tuna melt should be on everyones bucket list.  Salads are great and prices reasonable.  Very good service
5	We always stop here when we go to Vegas.  This is one of the best priced restaurants on the strip.  The food is good however depending upon what time you go there is a wait.  My husband was a bit disappointed in the breakfast sandwich, he felt it was to small but tasted good.  I got the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich and it was good as usual.  Will return next year when we take our yearly trip to Vegas!
2	Disappointed in this sandwich bar.  I had a salad which was ok - nothing to brag about.  I was disappointed that the menu only had hot subs - no cold sandwiches.
3	This used to be my favorite place to go in Vegas. In fact, I would have rated it 5 stars just a year ago. However, the quality of the food has really gone downhill since then. I was here just a week ago, excited as usual to get my yummy tuna melt and holiday turkey sandwich to share with my sister. I noticed something as soon as I got the sandwiches, they were much smaller than usual. I have been to Earl's more times than I can count. I've been to both this location and the one in Downtown Disney. So I knew for sure that something was off. I just thought to myself "That's alright I guess, I don't need to be eating so much". Then I noticed that the sandwiches were barely toasted, in fact, the holiday turkey was almost white in color. What the hell? I took a bite of the tuna melt first. It was decent, but nowhere near as good as it used to be. There was definitely less cheese and it seemed drier than I remembered. The contents of the holiday turkey was still pretty good, but the bread just wasn't toasted enough. I'm just really sad that the quality of their product has gone down so much. I feel like whoever is higher up needs to realize that they are ruining their brand image by sacrificing the quality of their product for larger profit margins. Not sure if I really want to come back to this location unless there's a change.
5	We stayed at PH and found this little gem of a sandwich shop! They are open 24/7. So good!!! Especially the Holiday Turkey sandwich. My only complaint, there isn't a shop in San Diego.
4	Yummy yummy sandwich in my tummy. Sucks when there is a line but it may be worth the wait. BLT hearty with bacon. Chipotle was good too but not my fav. Salads are good! Had the baja chicken I think. Always crave earls when I'm in Vegas
3	I met friends here for breakfast before a desert excursion.  My friends eat here when they stay at Planet Hollywood and like the taste and cost of their breakfast sandwiches.  Metting at 7 AM, there were only a few people at the restaurant.  I ordered their bacon, egg, and cheddar sandwich and a coffee.  In a few minutes, the buzzer went off and we picked up our sandwiches.  The sandwich was good.  There was a lot of bacon, the egg was good, but I didn't taste cheddar.  The coffee was very good and we each took a refill for the road.  For a quick breakfast sandwich when you're in the PH area, I'd recommend this place.
5	consistently perfect tuna melts. one of my favorite sandwich places ever.
2	I don't get what the hype is about this place don't get me wrong my sandwich was good, but it was just that. It was nothing special and I would not come back here or recommend it to anyone. I tried the full montagu and it was alright. I stole a few bites from the tuna melt (decent) and the original (pretty good) but the only lasting impression is their mustard spread and horseradish sauce. The tomato soup tastes like it was warmed up from a can. Also, my sister was in the mood for something simple and got the grilled cheese, it was like a roll of bread and the tiniest amount of cheese. Way too much bread. The Mac and cheese is good even though the way it's packaged reminded me of airline food which made me not want to try it but I'm glad I did as that was one of the best things I ate there.
5	So delicious. Got the Hawaiian bbq and Thai wrap and had half of both. With the potato side salad.. we decided to always visit this place when we go to vegas. Cheap, fast, and delish
4	I have heard how great the sandwiches are here, so we came in for breakfast one day.  I had a standard sandwich on a bagel, with eggs. It was pretty good - soft, nice and hot.  Overall I'd recommend this place for a quick breakfast, and next time I see this place around I'll go in for lunch or dinner!
2	I'm not sure what the hype is all about here. I was excited to try this place based on all the rave reviews. Hell, even the pictures on yelp look legit. That being said, I'm not sure why our sandwiches looked NOTHING like the yelp pictures customers have posted. I ordered the Earl's Club and it was pathetically put together. 80% barely toasted bread. Fillings were flavorless. Turkey was gross and processed. Bacon was virtually non-existent. It's possible that this was once a great sandwich place, but I may have missed the boat. Stars are for service which was super friendly but the food here is WEAK and seriously overrated.
4	The original roastbeef sandwich is the one to get.  The italian deli was just ok, I had better
5	Sure, Vegas has some of the best restaurants in the world. So when you want something fast, cheap, and easy, shouldn't it still be at the quality you expect? That's what I found at Earl of Sandwich. Not just a regular sandwich, but a low price hot delicious gourmet grilled sub. I had the chipotle chicken with avocado, and it was far more than I expected. It was not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but it was absolutely fresh, quick, and quality for about $6. If you don't want to blow a ton of money on a quick bite to eat and you'd rather spend it in the casino, then grab a sandwich from the Earl.
4	I come here more than once on a Vegas visit. My favorite all time is the turkey with cranberry. Mac and cheese side is good, and those brownies.....are. so. good! The place is busy at meal times, so the wait for your meal might be awhile, but it will be worth it. Sandwiches seemed smaller than the usual, not sure if they cut back on sizing. But I guess I don't need a big sandwich anyways! I wished there was an Earls here where i live, but it makes it more special to eat at.  Until next time Earl....
2	Definitely not worth the hype. Beware of long lines and wait time around the lunch hour. Ordered the baha salad and chicken avocado wrap and the order was confused. Ended up picking up two sandwiches and had to wait for the order to be straightened out. The food was good, but not worth the wait or hassle.
5	So I'm just gonna say it...this is THE BEST sandwich I've ever had!!! The Thanksgiving Holiday one is sooo freaking good! I tried the Thanksgiving one and The Full Montagu, which was also good, but hands down, The Thanksgiving one is THEE BEST!  Do you remember the 'Friends' episode where Ross gets mad about someone eating his Thanksgiving sandwich that Monica made for him with "the moist maker"? Well I always remember imagining what this sandwich would taste like with "the moistmaker" and now I know what it tastes like!! This is it!  The stuffing is "the moistmaker"!!! The cranberry sauce gives it the perfect sweetness for the sandwich. And turkey...and that's it! SO SIMPLE SO DELICIOUS!This sandwich is that good that I ate it 3xs during my Vegas trip...got everyone I was with obsessed with it too, then brought 6 sandwiches back home for myself, family and friends to also experience THE BEST SANDWICH EVER!  And that wasn't enough because I think about and crave it soo much and was soo sad when I ate the last one! Now that I'm writing about it, I'm tempted to hop back on a plane to eat it ;)It's crazy because it's a simple fast food sandwich shop and it's THIS GOOD!  It's also open 24 hours which is AWESOME!  It's the bread...it's crack bread :) Do yourself a favor and order this sandwich to experience it in your life! WELL DONE EARL, WELL DONE!!Tip- it's located in Planet Hollywood casino right next to mall opening
5	So I'll admit. I was totally skeptical of the yelp reviews - com'on nearly a 5-star star rating with over 3000 reviews for hot sandwiches!?!! Well I'm not really into sandwiches, but dang, the sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are amazingly tasty and flavorful and perfectly warmed! Came here on a weekday, mid-afternoon. The line wasn't too bad. You place your order, pay and then they give you a little buzzer to let you know when your order is ready for pick up. We ordered Earl's Club and Hawaiian BBQ, along with sides of regular plain mac n cheese and mac n cheese with bacon. The sandwiches were amazing!!! The mac n cheese with bacon is a must-have. The turkey chili is not worth getting... It's a bit watery in my opinion. BUT, make sure you get a cookie for dessert. They have chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, sugar and recently added peanut butter. I got an oatmeal raisin cookie and I swear it was the best oatmeal raisin cookie I've ever had. Their banana but muffin is pretty good, too!!Definitely check this place out when you're in Vegas. Totally worth the hype! :)
3	24 hour joint = the place to be after the clubs!Yup, this is one of the few restaurants located in Planet Hollywood that's open 24 hours. This makes it the perfect place to grab a bite at and sober up after a drunken night at the club. The past few times I've visited, there has been a line... but don't worry it moves by fairly quick. The sandwiches here are tasty. I would recommend their chipotle chicken with avocados. It's served hot with the cheese oozing out at every bite. This sandwich spot is pretty popular and well known in LV; would recommend you come by here for a bite!
4	24 hrs open. Inside Planet Hollywood. Perfect hot sandwich. Crunchy and soft bread. Made fresh. Fast and cheap! I had the Earl's club and boyfriend had the Philly.  Both perfect and delicious! We came to eat at 4am so there was no line. Yummy!
5	Earl of Sandwich rocks! They always offer great, consistent quality sandwiches!Food:Every time I visit Vegas, I always have to drop by this place for my sandwich fix. As you can tell by all the reviews, this place can make a great sandwich.I've tried maybe half of their menu, and all the sandwiches I've had were all good.The breakfast sandwiches and the Original 1762 are probably my favorites.Sides NotesAmbiance:There's lots of seating.Service:The service is great. They make the sandwiches at lightening speed.Overall:For your sandwich fix, check this place out!
3	Was so excited about eating here due to the great reviews.....so not worth it. Ordered a turkey sandwich and a tortilla soup. Sandwich was good but small, they only have one size. However the soup was horrible. I'm glad I tried it but I will not be back.
3	I was just thinking that if I checked in to this business enough I could be the Duke of Earl of Sandwich, which would be probably the best royal title mashup ever. Random musings aside, I have to say that I must be missing whatever the hype is about this place. I visited this place three times while staying at Planet Hollywood, once for breakfast, once for lunch, and once at (ahem) maybe around 2am. At no time, sober or un-sober, was I really in any way impressed by these sandwiches. This is sort of an up-jumped Quiznos with the added bonus that the bread starts out unbaked and bakes as it's going through the conveyor belt. However the ingredients going in to the sandwich seem fairly standard for fast food quality, maybe slightly better, and the flavor coming out the other end simply wasn't there for me. Yeah they're greasy gut bombs and people like that, but coming from the land of Bunk Sandwiches (greasy gut bombs that they be), this is nowhere near what I'd consider to be gourmet or even all that great. Don't get me wrong. I'd take this any day over a McDonald's burger or similar. And compared to the vast array of gross casual food served on the strip, this is a step above. But I simply didn't encounter anything close to the 4- and -star raves people are heaping upon this joint. The highlights include that the prices are totally reasonable for this part of town, and the tortilla soup is actually pretty good. But my caesar salad had some slimy brown lettuce mix in the midst of the rest of the sturdy romaine, and both of the greasy sandos I sampled were simply that. Greasy and salty and just okay. For where it's at, I give it three stars. Anywhere else? I'd probably choose something with more flavor.
3	Disappointed? Yes. Feel like my fellow Yelpers duped me? Yes. Confused? You bet your ass!!Don't get me wrong the Sandwiches here are alright but after seeing all of the rave reviews and 4.5 star overall rating I really do feel let down and expected way better than I got especially when they claim to be home of "The worlds greatest hot Sandwich". If you put that claim out there your Sandwiches better be pretty damn amazing. Sadly, no.The Full Montagu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=bcK75Axd_C6o9qCvSOe-pw#7NJLUm9T5aCBtyZLQrdO3w) - $6.49. Yeah, it was cheap and hot but also fairly small. The Beef was a little under cooked for my liking but whatever, I know America likes their Beef still Moo'ing. No big deal yet then the Salad was also really sparse too and nothing really had that much flavor. My Husband had the Holiday Turkey (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=bcK75Axd_C6o9qCvSOe-pw#__Es78IE8ZJeG61x_gtvww) - $6.49 Which he said was and I quote ''fairly good''. He then went to on to tell me it was probably the best Turkey and Stuffing Sandwich he's got from a Sandwich shop but then this is only his 3rd so take that how you will.The sad conclusion I came to here is that open a Sandwich shop 24hrs a day in a location where drinking is one of the most popular activities and set your prices low you're guaranteed to get great reviews.
4	Really good Philly Cheesesteak sandwich. I wasn't sure what to expect from a fast food chain like that but the resulting sandwich was VERY good. Filling enough, but not so much that you feel stuffed.Ambiance is...similar to any fast food restaurant. (Loud and sometimes not as clean as you'd like.) However, you have to kind of temper your expectation since a fast food experience isn't going to be some 4-star restaurant.Good food, reasonable price (even on the strip) and it was made quickly and efficiently. I'll definitely go again.
5	OMG! The bomb king of sandwiches! A recent discovery when I was in Vegas. Late night craving and long lines, I'd do it all over again. I'm in Love with Earl!!! Highly Recommend their classic "Full Montagu"!
5	Best sandwich place ever! Lines can get long but staff is super efficient and the sandwiches are worth the wait. Dining area can get crowded but all orders are made to go so take it back to your room or out to the strip for dinner and a show.
5	So glad I saw this place on Yelp! This is the only place I've found in Vegas where you can get great food for under $10. I got the veggie sandwich and it was absolutely delicious.
4	I got a salad,  it was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. My friend and my husband got the same sandwich I believe it was the avocado bacon sandwich and they both said it was good but wish that I had more fillings in it. They said that the bread was very thick and the insides weren't present enough. For the price now I guess you can't really complain. Seven dollars for a sandwich or for a salad right on the strip in Las Vegas really is unheard of.
2	Not sure why people rave about this place, I have played poker there many times and most of the players always say Earl is a must try. I was not impressed, it was overly priced for the size, the sandwich was not that good, it was bland and the only thing that saved my meal was the  bacon mac n cheese again that was over priced for the size of it. Maybe i am missing what everyone else see's in this place or i just ordered the wrong sandwich. I am a true believer in giving places 2nd chances, so maybe next time i am hungry at PH i will give them another go I will just try another sandwich.
5	Panera on crack, heroine, and speed.  Pretty much what Panera would look like if it was vacationing in Vegas.  Actually, I apologize Earl... for comparing you to your inferior shadow.What's even better?  Come here after partying and shove your face full of pure elation on bread.  A great recharge to your perpetual buzz in Vegas.
4	Yuuuuum!!!! Is all I can say. Love love love this place. This place is located in Planet Hollywood in near the shops and casino. We went around noon on a Sunday and there was a short line. Waited only a couple minutes to get to the cashier. Once we placed our order, we found a table and waited 5 minutes for our food. We ordered the chicken chipotle avocado sandwich, the pastrami Reuben and tortilla soup. Both sandwiches were delicious! The sauce in the chicken chipotle sandwich was so tasty. It had a slight sweetness to it. And the pastrami in the Reuben was very fresh. Usually, you'll get a rubbery texture from pastrami at places like subway or togos but the pastrami here was much like Ike's (if you've ever had it). It was easy to bite through. And the tortilla soup was sooo tasty. So many flavors going on in there! And the tortilla chips on too add a nice crunch to the soup. We dipped our sandwiches in the soup from time to time and it tasted delicious. Great place to go to if you want a satifying fulfilling meal at an affordable price. Will definitely come back to try the other items on the menu :)
5	Top rated eatery on the strip and it's opened 24/7-- what more do you need to know?!This place is great for multiple reasons:1) It's open 24/72) It's cheap for all of us who lost every penny we had at the craps table last night ($6-$8 for a sammich)3) It's fastGo with the Chipotle Chicken sandwich!
5	Simply the best!!! You need to try this place before you die.
5	Best sandwiches!!Hawaiian bbq is good!
5	Three Words. Holiday. Turkey. Sandwich. That is my favorite sandwich ever! I cannot stop buying this sandwich whenever I come here. I also recommend their Tomato Soup when you buy your sandwich because it turns into the best dipping sauce for your sandwich. The other thing about this place is that it is cheap and they are either open 24 hours a day or they stay open late. You've got to come here! If you are in California, they do have two locations; one at Downtown Disney and one at Harrah's Casino in Rincon.
5	Very good Hawaiian BBQ sandwich.
2	I had the bbq chicken salad.  Nothing special at all.  The line was long, but it moved fairly fast so can't complain about that.  At least they got the order right.  Staff were very efficient and seemed very professional. The salad was edible and I got full...almost.  My coworker bought two sandwiches, both of which were on the smaller side, and he needed to eat them both to get full (and he is a skinny guy).Why only two stars?  Diarrhea just 2-3 hrs after eating it.  My coworker later told me that he had the same issue.
4	Fast service and good food!
4	There is always a line that is brisk as of this sandwich shop whatsoever hours, as it's open 24 hours. Maybe the most effective value fast meal around the strip with prices starting at $5.49 for a generous toasted sandwich with all the fixings. The Complete Montague sandwich hit the spot, and my friends actually appreciated their Italian variants with cured meats. Ideal for right after hitting the clubs/bars.
5	I love love love this place. Anytime I come to vegas, i must come at eat here at least once. The location is perfect, its in planet Hollywood right by the miracle mile mall. They are open 24/7 which is amazing! They took the bread and sandwich at the same time once its ordered it makes it delicious. There is normally a line there since they are pretty popular but the line more pretty smoothly. They have an earl grey tea lemonade which is just delicious! I have had most of their sandwiches and I haven't hated one of them they are all delicious.
4	Our go-to spot when we couldn't figure out where to eat. Sammiches were a little small but definitely tasty. It's a great place to grab lunch to start the day (because who starts Vegas days with breakfast?)
3	We read the great reviews of Earl and decided to try it for lunch.  Both sandwiches were just ok.  My Philly steak sandwich had me wondering "Where's the beef".
4	Best Reuben I've had for such a great price. It's flavorful and delicious. I would go back for the sandwich alone. The service however was complete sh*t. The guy at the register was an absolute A-hole and it took everything in me not to climb over the counter and choke him. But like I said... The sandwiches are worth it. My gf had the ham, egg, cheese breakfast sandwich and she said it was one of the best she ever had as well. We may go back.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!They have so many options and so many different flavors I have a hard time choosing but their wraps are DELICIOUS!!! OH and the mac & cheese... I can eat 2 servings of this and be satisfied!!! The entire process from ordering and picking up is so smooth and the staff is super friendly.  Its open late so its a great place to get a bite after a long night of drinking!!! I've been twice and I love it!!! I know its a bit pricey for a sandwich,... ITS DELICIOUS!!!  I'm a fan... and I highly suggest ordering mac & cheese... its even better the next day warmed up!! :)
4	Long line....but they went really fast.  Sandwiches were good.  Had roast beef. With cheddar and horse radish  sauce.  The meat was so tender and the bread was nice and soft but toasted.   I also had the tortilla soup which was very tasty!
3	Second time back here. It's still the same, very meh sandwich.This time around I took my husband. He is surprises why this sandwich shop is so popular. He keep saying it's like Quiznos.The price is good. So I supposed if you don't want to spend a lot of money on food you can come here.It is open 24 hours too.
5	I tried this place for the first time after a friend recommended for us to try it.  Their sandwiches are delicious.  The bread was soft and the meats were cut just right and not too thick.  We were a party of 7, but luckily we were quick to get two tables to put together and ask tables near by for their extra chairs. :)  We received our orders fairly quickly, so that was plus.Everyone in our party really liked their sandwiches.  I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I don't get what all the hype is about Earl of Sandwich. I've eaten here a few times and the sandwich is small (I need to order at least two) and the service is always slow. Looks like not everybody else here agrees with me but that is how I feel.
4	Earl of sand which is pretty good. It didn't blow my mind or anything but I like it. The bread is ciabatta style and toasted so it's nice and warm. A good place to stop in if you're at the Palms and looking for a quick meal.
4	Grabbed a quick breakfast here. It's your standard quick food with a tasty twist. The sandwich was good and the price was great!
5	I did not want to be risky and ordered HAM, EGG & CHEDDAR.IT WAS SO GOOOOOOD.. Definitely coming back on my next Vegas trip!
5	You can't go wrong with earls.  Good prices and good food.  I always go here at least once in my trips to vegas.  Then line can be really really long, but here's my secret tip, just call in your order. It's ready in 5 minutes with no wait. Just try not to tell everyone.  It's in a great location in the middle of the strip just inside the planet Hollywood entrance by pbr rock bar, which is also pretty good.
5	Good food,  great price
5	Oh Earls, you're like a dear old friend who is always there for me in my time of need, whether I be drunk or hungry.  Although in most of the cases if I am here, I am probably drunk and hungry.  Pros:-24 hours, thankfully.  -great service, I hope everyone is nice to the people that work here.  It's 3 am, and they have to deal with drunks at an ungodly hour.-delicious sandwiches!  My personal favorites: chicken chipotle, tuna melt and the full montague just to name some.-coleslaw!!  I absolutely love their coleslaw!-their wraps are actually really good too!  Yay for variety!!Cons:-longggggg lines, depending on what time you go, it moves relatively quickly but still.  No one likes waiting in line, although if you come with a few friends you guys can take turns testing your luck in the slots or tables.-philly cheese steak is not that good, wouldn't really call it a philly cheese steak, way too plain.  By the way, this is the only sandwich I tried that wasn't good!-limited seatingAll right, this is not a gourmet sandwich place so do not come in expecting to be waited on hand and foot.  It is a fast, casual place catering to the drunk Vegas masses.  I give it 5 stars because Earls holds a special place in my heart because it reminds me of how much fun I used to have in this exhausting city.  The food is good too, don't get me wrong, I will always love the Las Vegas, original Earls.  Disneyland Earls can suck it!
2	Hype alert!!Hype alert!!!10 minutes to fight traffic on the strip. 15 minutes to walk from parking garage thru the shopping area. 5 minutes for getting lost and asking direction,and 20 minutes wait for ordering and waiting for that little bitty sandwich.Not worth it, guys.But I do have to admit the sandwich is better than Subway.
4	I was so hungover when I arrived at Earl of Sandwich that I do not even remember what sandwich I ordered. I do however remember that it was delicious and that my hangover magically disappeared after eating said sandwich. Thank goodness for the Earl without him I'm pretty sure I would still be on the floor of a bathroom somewhere in Las Vegas.
4	Earl's is always a must when in Vegas! They never close!  The Full Montague at 3 in the morning? Yes please!! Their sandwiches are delicious.  If you're hungry at crazy late hours of the night when you're in town I definitely recommend eating here.  Every time I've eaten here (which is usually in the wee hours of the night) the line is pretty long but it moves pretty quickly.  I live in Cali and have yet to visit the location in Anaheim.
4	One word...delish! I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich. It was slightly spicy, but not overpowering. The atmosphere is very casual. Price is awesome, since the quality of food is so good. You order at the counter and they give you a buzzer. I like table service better, but cannot beat the price and food. In Planet Hollywood Casino.
4	Great place for a late night snack.Food: 7.5 / 10 - Nice sandwiches and tons of selections.  Most look very tasty.Cleanliness: 8.5/10 - No problems.  Things were clean.Service: 7/10 - Nice ordering process. They give you one of those hockey pucks that vibrate when your order is done.  I head the wait can be long during the day but I have only visited this place late at night. Restrooms: N/A - Didn't visit.Parking: 8/10 - In miracle mile parking garage.Overall: 7.5 / 10 - Great place for a late night snack.
2	"Serf of Sandwich" is more like it.There doesn't seem to be any "Earl" like qualities about this place or the food for that matter.  The title of Earl is reserved for the aristocratic English nobility, and so it would seem that the sandwiches/products may or would exhibit some kind of high quality.  Yes, it's cheap but it just seems ordinary to me.  In fact, my entire dining experience was not very memorable at all.  It all seemed like a bad dream and I couldn't wait to wake up so to speak.LOCATION:  Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.There is one line that forms for the ordering counter.  Menus are displayed above the ordering station/kitchen or near the waiting area for the line.  Various cold, hot and breakfast sandwiches available.  Admittedly, there are a wide variety of choices on their menu.  Sides and sodas (self serve) available as well.After looking over their menu I finally decided on the pastrami reuben.  I honestly can't remember the sandwiches my two friends had since no one took pics or seemed satisfied with their food.  We all shared sides of chips, and potato and pasta salads.FOOD:  Just ok really.  My sandwich was just alright.  Priced at $6.49 I thought it would have been bigger and better (I'm really wishing I took a picture right now).  I think the three of us finished most of our food because we were hungry having decided to forgot breakfast that morning.  In any case, the food was somewhat acceptable.  The sides were just ok as well.SERVICE:  Not great.  And here's a tip:  you don't pay for your meal when you order your food.  The staff will take your sandwich order at the first counter and provide a pager to indicate when your food is ready.  We arrived at 1030am and the line was already building with the lunch crowd.  There was only one staff ringing up customer at the pay counter and it seemed that the other staff didn't care or want to help the poor guy out.  My friends and I waited what seemed like an eternity to pay for our food.  side NOTE:  You can pick up sides, i.e. potato salad and chips, along the counter space between the order and pay stations.  WHY?:  Why aren't there more seats or a larger seating area since this place seems to so popular??  BOTTOM LINE:  I'm honestly not too sure why this place is so popular.  I thought it was alright.  There really should be a larger seating area for customers.
4	I had the Original, which was delicious! It was flavorful, and had just the right ratio of meat and cheese.  The wrap was also toasted which made it even better.  I also tried the Turkey holiday, which did indeed taste like thanksgiving in my mouth.
4	For the prices this place is solid.  The lines appear long but it moves along rather quickly.Original 1762 -Pretty good 4/5 - $7Roast Beef sandwich, horse radish, cheese.  This sandwich is solid.  For the price, you can't beat it.  The bread is well toasted & has great texture.  The meat is really good too.My brother got the vegetable sandwich.  It was just OK.  It tasted like a vegetable lasagna dish you'd get at Albertons or something.  Stick to the meat stuff here.TIPS:-Ask for extra horse radish sauce.
4	Food - Great!Portions - small !Line - long )-:Fresh !All an All - Great sandwich place !Very recommended !
5	I have three words: Tuna. Melt. Sandwich.  And three more words: Oh. My. GOD!Seriously I don't know what they put in their tuna but it's soooo good! So simple but a definite winner: albacore tuna and swiss on their very own ciabatta bread. A must get every time I go to Vegas. Recently I tried the chipotle chicken as well. Reeeeally good but the tuna is still my fave.Another thing is they're opened 24 hrs. So to all the people who get drunchies, it's a good place to get your drunchies satisfied!
5	yummmmm.. hot and toasty
3	I don't know what the big deal is about this place.  They sell sandwiches for an average price on Las Vegas blvd.  The sandwiches are mediocre.  They are purely hype in my opinion and not worth the hoop la.   Short and simple: "nothing special"
4	Ultimately, its a fast food place located in Planet Hollywood that sells good sandwiches for a fair price. Nothing stands out about the sandwiches to me: I remember my sandwiches being good, but other than that nothing was memorable. If you're in the area and want something quick and affordable, then definitely give it a try. However, don't go out of your way to get it. A lot of the reviewers here seem to have got on a one-way ride on the hype train.
4	The front awning says greatest sandwich place! Quite a claim, and overall they deliver most of that claim! We shared the Earl's club. The bread was fresh and so was the turkey. It was nice that the bacon was warm too, as no one likes cold bacon. The lettuce and tomato was fresh. A very tasty sandwich for sure.We also shared a turkey chili soup which was tasty. Overall very good, and we will be back to try other sandwiches.
4	Yaaaay first post as a Yelp Elite!! :D So why not write a review on my FAVORITE food! I know some people think it's lame that sandwiches are my favorite food, but I love them because you can put just about anything into them, they can be healthy and delicious simultaneously, they are easy to make, they can hit all the food groups in the food pyramid, the list goes on and on! Anyway, so with that said, I typically don't like going to sandwich places unless I'm shortchanged on time and want something quick, affordable, and healthier than fast food. Because I love them so, I am very, very particular about my sandwiches. Remember that episode from The Big Bang Theory where Sheldon orders a sandwich? Sheldon: Well, this sandwich is an unmitigated disaster. I asked for turkey and roast beef with lettuce and swiss on whole wheat.Raj: What did they give you?Sheldon: Turkey and Roast beef with swiss and lettuce on whole wheat.*The guys look at Sheldon*Sheldon: It's the right ingredients but in the wrong order. In a proper sandwich, the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier against the lettuce. They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash.That is me. I am sandwich nazi. I know how I like my favorite food. Despite all that, I thoroughly enjoyed Earl of Sandwich. I came here Halloween night with a group of friends who were shocked I had never been here before and wanted me to try it out. Thank you friends for making me try it! I've been wanting to try Earl's for the longest time. Sandwich: I ordered the chipotle chicken avocado ($6.49). It comes with grilled chicken, bacon, chedder, avocado, lettuce, and chipotle sauce. The ratio of all the items in the sandwich is perfect. I had a good amount of chicken to fruit/vegetable (avocado is a fruit) to bread. The flavor was just the right amount - not too strong but not unnoticed. My favorite part of the sandwich was the bread because it was atypical. It was toasted crispy and chewy. While I enjoyed the sandwich, it is not near the best I've ever had, and I do think the portions could've been larger. But for what it's worth, I'm not complaining, as I would come back again. What makes this place great to me is that the sandwiches taste fresh, all the ingredients are good, and there isn't too much bread to overpower everything. And in this case, the bread actually isn't expendable. A lot of sandwich places give humongous loaves of bread with few ingredients in between that when you get to the ends, you just want to throw away chunks of bread. Not here. Each bite of bread is savored. Venue: This would be my biggest negative. Everything involving the restaurant itself was great - clean tables, friendly staff, easy to read menus, a beautiful display of freshly baked goods, etc. But getting here is a hassle. After you get to the parking lot, it's still a 5-10 minute walk through the Planet Hollywood shops to the restaurant itself. Add to that the line you'll likely have to wait in. Even then, that's not the worst of it.  I'm somewhat obsessive compulsive about cleanliness and germs. Heck I've made programs for elementary schools preaching the importance of hand washing. Sooo, I strongly disliked the lack of availability in hand washing facilities considering sandwiches are meant to be held by your bare hands. There is no bathroom associated with the restaurant. You have to head out and find a hotel bathroom, and it's not nearby. There were no hand sanitizers that I was made aware of. I made do by forming a napkin barrier between my hands and sandwich, but it just wasn't very convenient. The one plus about this venue is that it's 24 hours. Overall, if I was already at Planet Hollywood or maybe I just had a long night out with friends, I would swing by Earl's and grab a sandwich. But because of the inconvenience in getting here, and the fact that sandwiches aren't too hard to make, I don't see myself coming here often. In fact one of my friends in the party, who was ranting and raving about how delicious the sandwiches at Earl's were, even admitted to me that the last time he'd been here was 4 years ago. If Earl's branched out I'd go more often. Thanks, Earl's, for providing me a nutritious meal after a long night of dancing.
5	A must-have for any Vegas trip. I have cognitively associated this fine establishment as the food of choice whenever I come to Sin City.Cheap and delicious. Just the way I like my sandwiches. $7, son! You can't go wrong with the Full Montagu. It's a true classic. Melted cheese...MMMM!I wholeheartedly believe their story of creating the original sandwich. Farfetched? Yes. Does it matter? Not really. Their craftsmanship is impeccable yet simple. The Earl of Sandwich has truly earned his spot in history, and he deserves a Nobel Prize for Good Eats.The line is crazy, though, no matter what time you're there. Seems like everyone and their grandma is a fan. It's located right next to the slot machines in Planet Hollywood, so it's a high traffic area. I always get 5 or 6 sandwiches to-go and bring them on the plane ride back home. They're that fantastic.
5	Stopped here twice for a sandwich.Had the thanksgiving sandwich - wow! That was delicious!it litereally tastes like thanksgiving on a sandwich! TIP:Join there eclub for a free sandwich.
5	I an not a sandwich lover but this place make me scream to eat them everyday if I could! The best sandwich spot I've been to thus far out of my whole life! The first time I ate here was when I first came to vegas and I just couldn't get enough! So now every time i'm in vegas it's one of my go to spots! My ultimate favorite is the chicken avocado chipotle! It's the only one I get there now! Just the combination of all three make this sandwich great! It is definitely a must try for everyone in vegas! They will not disappoint! I'm a FAN!
5	Tried this place during vegas trip.. Their sandwiches are very delicious and vegetarian friendly options are available as well. Open 24 hours!!
4	I always make it a habit to visit Earl of Sandwich at least once when I'm in Vegas. It's  cheap, yummy and perfect for a quick meal. Depending on the time you go, they may or may not already have a line. I will say that the line moves fairly quickly, so wait time isn't too bad. I am quite a creature of habit, so I usually order The Original 1762. I have yet to experience bad service from Earl's. So far everyones been really attentive and efficient. I suggest you eat the sandwich right after you get it, while it's still nice and hot. it's just not the same when it's cold! They do have a good amount of seating but it does get filled up pretty fast, especially during prime time (breakfast/lunch). Is it worth the hype? They do have a good selection of sandwiches, soups, wraps, salads, and etc. Ordering process is efficient. It's affordable and open 24 hours for all y'all that need a late night bite. I think it's definitely worth trying if you're in the area and looking for a tasty sandwich spot! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to try something different.
3	Opens early. Closes late. Sandwiches are good. I've tasted the Reuben and the original. Both delicious sandwiches. Meat is well seasoned for both. Bread is crunchy as well. Is it mind blowing? No. Have I had better? Yes.  Would I come back? Yes if the lines are not long. If you haven't been here before, definitely try it just to say you did.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect before coming here, I read some of the reviews and they had raving reviews for the sandwiches. When I got here I saw what all the fuss was about. Since it was Vegas I thought that the sandwiches were going to be about $15 or so and you'd have to wait a while for it. But when I saw the menu, I was blown away the sandwiches were only $6.49 each (for most) and after we ordered our sandwiches and were given the buzzer vibrating reservationg thing, about 3 minutes later we got our order!We had the Holiday Turkey, a Earl Club and a cup of Clam chowder! They were all banging. Starting with the Holiday Turkey, the bread was hot, soft and kinda buttery and it was stuffed with a whole holiday turkey meal, from cranberry jelly to the cornmeal stuffing. Delish! The Earl Club was just as fantastic with the same delicious bread and great crispy bacon, its what a club sandwich should be like. The clam chowder was good too, not the best, but definitely not bad.The portions were perfect too, if you ddin't want to be gluttonous, then the portion size is perfect, you should be full or almost full and if you wanted to stuff your face with dessert somewhere else or get some drinks after you still have room. Delicious,  cheap, and fast! Doen'st get better than this for a quick bite right on  the middle of the strip!
5	- Quick, cheap and delicious! I read some reviews before go and it is exactly how the major people say. I really recommend this place! I loved the sandwich, the bread was so crunchy! I also liked th cupcake and muffin. The price is not the usual from Vegas, it's really good! :-)))) The sandwich was less than $7.00! The only thing that I didnt like: they only sell Pepsi, and I really dont like Pepsi. Thats probably some deal with Pepsi in Vegas, we only see Pepsi in all places. Please, let us to have a choice between Coca-cola and Pepsi!
2	I was so enamored with this place the last time, I had to come back. Man, oh man. Guess the honeymoon is over. This place has gone downhill. Either that or I came on a off day. A really off day. It was not even busy either. Lots of open tables.I should've gotten a clue when an earlier customer complained about how her sandwich was made (they had to re-do it twice as in third time's the charm.) So I ordered the Earl Club which is turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato, and sandwich sauce. I dug into my sandwich and was thinking geez, kind of skimpy on the filling. I looked at it's contents and my Earl Club magically turned into a BLT. I had a really long day so I actually thought that's what I ordered (BLT) and didn't think anything of it. But when I looked at my receipt later on I realized the super lousy sandwich maker forgot to put in the turkey and swiss. What a Turkey! A cup of soda is now 3 bucks. Don't think it was that expensive the last time.
3	The sandwiches here are alright but the price can't be beat considering everything in Vegas is very expensive. How other people really like the sandwich it is kind of like a cult following, I only consider this if I'm starving lost all my money gambling... Not that I gamble
4	After getting lost countless times in casinos and finding no end to endless halls I got extremely hungry. Nothing seemed to look good and I wanted something that I couldn't get back at home. I finally made my way to planet hollywood. I wanted it to be quick and cheap so I stumble upon Earl of Sandwich. The lady that rung me up was very nice. She was able to tell me her favorites and what are the most popular dishes. I had a chipotle chicken sandwich. It was delicious. It had a spiciness and a cheesiness that just hit the spot  for me. The place was crowded because I was in las vegas, but the wait was no more than 5 minutes. If you need a quick bite or snack head to this place for a filling sandwich.
5	As far as Sandwiches go this is DA BOMB!!! just so consistently good at all hours of the day and night, ingredients are fresh, bread is always perfect, i hope that every foodie gets a chance to try this place because its worth the wait in line if its busy, worth every penny if your broke, and definitely a great place to eat if your in a drunken stupor. I also tried the soup, they are nothing special but its good enough for a fast food joint.  BEST SANDWICHES I'VE EVER HAD.
5	Best. Sandwiches. Ever. I love that it's 24/7, fast, cheap, & super delicious! My fav is the Montagu sandwich! Must try!!! ^_^
5	I was here last weekend to try there sandwich and I must say I was impressed. The ratings speaks for itself! I ordered the Earls Club sandwich and the mac and cheese. I love there mac and cheese here definitely would come back for that. Sandwich was served hot and the cheese melts in your mouth it was so delicious!Hope they build a Earl Sandwich in the Bay Area I'd definitely hit up that spot more often.
4	Good food but takes a long time to ring up.
3	After returning to Earl of Sandwich last night for a quick bite with a friend after an event in the Miracle Mile Shops I came to a realization. These sandwiches are really only OKAY, but they may be much better than okay if you are drunk and have been roaming the Strip all night.I don't think much has changed since they opened, it is the same line-up (lots of people) eating there a majority of the time. There was a line when my friend and I ate here around 7:30 PM on a Thursday night. You get a buzzer and you then can find a table or stand around if you are taking your sandwich to go.I had the Chicken Bacon Avocado, which had a good part and a not so good part. Good part was the Chipotle mayo on it was actually spicy and had a great taste. The bad part was there was hardly any avocado - a huge disappointment for me. Also, the sandwich I now have realized is not as amazing as it seems. Really, it's just another sandwich, and to be honest, it is smaller than most other sandwiches you will receive at other sub shops.Probably won't be venturing here again.
3	I got the holiday turkey sandwich, and my girlfriend got a chicken-avocado wrap. We both had small cups of clam chowder.My girlfriend thought the food was okay, but I was disappointed. It didn't live up to the hype. The chowder had undercooked chunks of potato. As for the sandwich, well, I have had better at Subway.Not to mention charging $3.50 for a bottle of Pepsi is ridiculous.
1	Waited 30 minutes for my sandwich while the rest of my party finished and the n had to wait for me to eat. Management was having serious trouble managing their orders. I Will not be returning.
5	This is always my late night go-to place after I've hit the clubs or need a late night snack. It doesn't matter where I'm staying, I will walk the extra mile to enjoy any of their sandwiches on their menu! Such a delicious place and the service is extremely fast! I've never been here when it hasn't been packed, but the service never seems to disappoint!
5	I've been to this shop in Vegas multiple times and in Florida. It's delicious. Every sandwich I have had has been great. The holiday sandwich is delicious and it is basically thanksgiving dinner wrapped up in a sandwich. The original is great too if you like horseradish. The value is great too.
1	Worst experience ever!!! And I frequent Earls often in Orange County and whenever we're in Vegas this location too. My sister and I ordered and the wait was long. Then my sister got her sandwich and I was still waiting. And waiting. She ate gets so it wouldn't get cold. Finished and I was still waiting. I asked for the status and was told it was next. It wasn't. I waited still as 5 more people got their food and asked again what was taking so long. Apparently they messed up on my sandwich (I got the chipotle chicken with no bacon and they added bacon). Still I waited and finally got my food. No sincere sorry. Nothing. I was pissed! I hope Earls reads this and does something about their production line. There were plenty of workers but still there was a MAJOR delay! Not acceptable. Get tips from the Downtown Disney Earls. On point!
4	I've only eating here twice, once here in Vegas and once in Downtown Disney. Both times I've had the same sandwich, the holiday turkey sandwich. To some having a "thanksgiving" meal in sandwich form may not sound appealing but since that is my favorite holiday how can I resist all the holiday favorites in one thing. From the outside it may not look appealing but you definitely cannot judge a book by its cover when I comes go this sandwich. For $6.49 (regular) this can definitely fulfill any holiday meal craving you may have not matter time of year (Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing or filling for us east coasters, and gravy). I will definitely continue coming here and unless they stop making this sandwich I'll stick to my holiday turkey.
5	Post festivity meal that always hits the spot and is open 24hrs. I have been coming here after the clubs and have yet to be disappointed
5	SO good - this was one of my favorite spots that I got to try in Vegas.  Simple, but dangerously delicious sandwiches.  The Full Montague was SO delicious.  Highly recommend it.  Also, their mac 'n cheese side was very good.Not to mention, this place is SUPER affordable... definitely a great deal when you are on the strip!
5	LOVE this place! I always get the Original. Roast beef, bbq sauce, and some horseradish. Served up nice and toasty with a little pink on the inside. Perfect size for me. Always comforting and it's just around $6. The sides are OK. Tried the mac and cheese and it is somewhat, boring. I'd almost recommend getting two sandwiches instead if you are really hungry!
4	Earl of Sandwich is the epitome of the sandwich song.Let's refresh:Sandwiches are beautiful,Sandwiches are fine.I like sandwiches, I eat them all the time;I eat them for my supper and I eat them for my lunch;If I had a hundred sandwiches, I'd eat them all at once.Earl of Sandwich is open 24/7 serving up $6 sandwiches. That's a steal in Vegas. Yeah, sure it's not as stacked as Carnegie's or Greenberg's Deli...but it's still plenty delicious any time of day. I thoroughly enjoyed my Pastrami Reuben (my go-to at any sandwich spot). The bread was crisp and the filling was savory and delicious. I really can't complain.
5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I would stop by Earl of Sandwich and order some sandwiches since it's a must when in LV. I've tried the Full Montagu, the Earl's Club, Chicken Caesar Salad, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, Chicken Noodle Soup, Potato Salad, Pasta Salad, and their potato chips. I haven't been to Las Vegas since 2011 but I'd definitely come back when I visit LV again. I like their Earl's Club and Full Montagu, the other options doesn't interest me and maybe I'll different more sandwiches when I get a chance. My family stayed in Planet Hollywood (Elara) whenever we came to Las Vegas because it's the best hotel in our opinion and the shopping mall is right down stairs!
4	Grear food for the price. Sandwiches are the thing to come for but the other stuff is okay. Price is great too. About 6 bucks for a sandwich
1	The worst. Philly Cheese steak consists of cold mystery meat and a hunk of cheesish run under a broiler. I got my money back and went to Subway.
4	not expensive and the sandwiches are very delicious .. it doesn't leave u hungry right after either!
3	For being Vegas the price is pretty decent. I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich for myself and the italian sandwich for a friend and now we are both fans! The only negative thing i could say about this place is customer service. The girl who took my order was not knowledgeable in their sandwiches and didn't show much care for her job. The line to order took about 20 minutes. Maybe they should let her go and put someone else. Anyways, other than that i definitely say you try it if you're balling on a budget in vegas!
4	I normally wouldn't rave over a sandwich place because I normally don't do sandwich places, I have a small issue with paying people to do something I could easily make at home but I must give credit where credit is due, the Earl of Sandwich is worth paying somebody to do something that seems so easy.I went with a club sandwich and it was easily one of best sandwiches I have ever had. Bread beautifully toasted, meats fresh, tomatoes and lettuce fresh and just the right amount of condiments, this sandwich was everything I needed and more.My only issue with Earl of Sandwich was it was hard as hell to find, I wanted around in loops forever looking for it, I'm not really holding this against Earl of Sandwich as my horrible sense of direction was truly to blame. Anyway this place is worth a visit for sure.
5	Fresh bread and everything is quality.. I'm a fan of the Full Montague.  I will return to try other items on the menu.
5	With that many reviews and still grasping onto those stars, this place is amazing. They are fast and they are good.  My recommendation is the tuna melt. It's packed full of flavor and it doesn't drip everywhere. Although the line is long but we got our food after a reasonable time. The only downside is that the sandwiches are a bit too short for my liking. However, that may be because I liked it so much and it was gone in 2 minutes. I had to stand in line for another one. :-P.  Overall, a must try place if you are in the area for lunch/quick bite.
4	Pretty damn good! Small but very filling. The sandwich (Chipotle Chicken Avocado) was fresh and hot, great taste. Just enough of each ingredient; balanced. The bread was fresh and soft too! The price is cheap, but it's a far from cheap sandwich!
4	Cheap good fast and 24hrs at plane hollywood. Only a four star because some of the staff were just rude mofos. Besides that food is one of the cheapest on the strip. Good to eat when drunk!
5	Earl of Sandwich is a great place not only because of the food, but because of the people that work there too.  After my not so stellar experience at Earl of Sandwich, they contacted me to apologize and encouraged me to come back. I did, and ordered the exact same sandwich - the Original. This time, you could see their assembly line running like a well oiled machine producing my order quickly, and efficiently. When I unwrapped the sandwich, steam rose out and cheese oozed from the sides. The ratio of roast beef to bread was perfect and the horseradish was generous. This is the sandwich of my memory. Thank you Earl of Sandwich for doing such a great job!
4	Very much like Joey in Friends, one of my favorite things to eat are sandwiches.  I highly recommend Earl of Sandwich because it breaks the Vegas monotony of over-priced food and large coma-inducing buffets.  The sandwiches here are very reasonable and this place is open 24 hours in the Planet Hollywood Hotel.  It tends to get busy during lunch hour, so I recommend coming here later at night.  And when I say busy...it's a massive line.But why come here?  Oh only because their holiday turkey sandwich is the best!  Imagine Thanksgiving incorporated into one sandwich....that's the holiday turkey sandwich.  Turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberry sauce sandwiched between two slices of perfectly cooked, crisp, freshly baked bread.  I don't even LIKE stuffing OR gravy...and I love this sandwich.  That's how good it is.  I also tried the mac and cheese side and the caprese sandwich, both of which are good as well.
5	Drunken nights + munchies in Vegas always lead me to Earl of Sandwich!Decent prices. Yummy sandwiches and soup. Always open. I'm a happy camper. There is an almost cult-like following for this place, and I have to say there's good reason for it! Try the Full Montague, it's my favorite!
5	I got The Full Montagu! It was the best sandwich I ever had! Taste good, juicy inside and the sandwich was not baked too much!
4	Best veggie sandwich I had in recent past. Employee at order counter can be little more friendly or happy looking.
5	Amazing!!! Great sandwiches, coleslaw salad and strawberry parfait !Original roast beef sandwich,love it,fabulous :)
4	Good sandwiches, good price for a filling & quick bite. The bread is really good, served warm & toasty. I didn't care for the turkey meat much but overall it was a good tasting meal. We had the Montagu (mustard sauce was a little sweet) & Club (sandwich sauce was delish) which I thought were good choices. The line was a bit long but not ridiculous considering it was a Saturday night & the service was relatively quick. I would consider coming back.
4	Delicious warm sandwiches and soup. A perfect fix for late night munchies after partying in Vegas. Comforting to have warm food late at night.  Use your AAA card and get 10% discount on food here.  We love the discount and the food here.
3	Had the Thanksgiving sandwich there and was pretty tasty with artisan bread.  Would like to have like a sweet soft bread to compliment all of the flavors of turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and gravy.  The wait took about 10 mins and reasonable price for what you get.
5	Yes, there is almost always a line. But, yes it is worth it. Honestly the line goes pretty fast. The sandwiches are delicious, albeit a little small for my appetite. You got to give it a try!
5	This is one of the hidden gems in Las Vegas. The sandwiches are tasty and reasonably priced. We ate there twice in 3 days. Went to the ABC store and got some beer too (it's just 2 doors down from Earl's) . it was great. Next time you're in Vegas, give it try. You will not be disappointed.
5	The Holiday Turkey sandwich is so good, I just ordered one 4 days after Thanksgiving!
3	Pros:-Affordable-Good location - middle of the strip, in Planet Hollywood-Convenience - I think its open 24 hours, but I'm not 100% sureCons:-Line can get really longMy boyfriend ordered the italian sandwich. He said it was very good. I ordered the baja chicken salad. It was horrible. I probably should have ordered a sandwich.
5	This past Vegas trip I went on for a friends' birthday, I had Earls three days in a row. You'd think I would be sick of it but I wasn't! It made my stomach happy but more importantly, it made my wallet happier (darn school loans).Located at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. You get in line, order your food, pay at the end, and grab a buzzer. When that buzzer starts vibrating, it'll be the best feeling in the world because your food is ready! They have plenty of sandwiches to choose from and sides as well. From pasta salad and potato salad to cookies and chips, pick your poison. The prices here are really inexpensive and affordable, which is great since you're going to be blowing your money on other things. Like TeeFlii, it's open for 24 hourzzzI should probably try new things but my go-to sandwich here is the Chipotle Chicken Avocado hot sandwich. ZOMG hands down my favorite sandwich. You really can't go wrong with chipotle, chicken, and avocado. It's a very hearty sandwich with loads of flavors that will make your taste buds go wild. I also tried one of the breakfast sandwiches, it's called the egg white avocado bagel thin (?) something like that. Honestly, it wasn't that great; it was very plain and bland but it got the job done and "healthy". I'd stick to their specialty sandwiches!Earls is perfect for lunch, dinner, or the late night drunchies.
5	So good! I'm not normally a sandwich person but I needed a casual lunch spot and given the rave reviews, I figured it was worth a try.Had the Earl original 1762 sandwich and it was awesome! Warm and tasty bread with thinly sliced beef and just a touch of horseradish... Great flavor! I paired mine with a creamy tomato soup and it totally hit the spot in this unusually cool and overcast Vegas weather.All the sandwiches appear to be $6.50. The soup and sandwich was a nicely filling lunch for $11 - am tempted to come back again to try another one!
5	Thank you YELP! On a night I just wanted something "light" and didn't want a full sit down meal, I found this amazing place! It lives up to its amazing reviews!
5	What can I add that has not been said?  Other than to say emphatically that this is not just a place to get cheap sandwiches.  It is clean. They are organized and packed.   I had an Italian sandwich which was worth every penny.  Too bad I have been buying the same size sandwiches for 11- 12 bucks here at Aria.
3	I've been wanting to try this place ever since it opened to rave reviews on Yelp.  But we don't go to Strip places very often unless we have a reason.  We finally did:  a new show with comp tix at Planet Hollywood, and two hungry Yelpers not wanting to wait to eat after the show ended.  Perfect match.   Hubby and I both decided to order the same sandwich, pastrami, which doesn't let me write an extensive review of the food.  It was a good sandwich, very lean pastrami, but not all that plentiful.  The reported swiss cheese wasn't noticeable.  That was okay with me: I don't like swiss cheese, but didn't change it because to my way of thinking, cheese on a pastrami sandwich is sacrilegious.Strip prices being what they are, though, I guess it was as much as we should have expected, because this was  reasonably priced based on Earl's location.  The bread?  Good, now that I've all but given up hope of ever finding a sandwich on a crisp baguette in Las Vegas.  I'll have to go back to the east coast for that bit of heaven.We also ordered a bowl of tortilla soup.  I didn't want to, since I learned only after asking that it's a cream soup.  Rule #1:  authentic tortilla soup does not contain cream.  Rule #2:  I should not eat creamed soups.  They're bad for me.  And for my husband.  But he's not as much as a stickler for the rules as I am, so I let him get it after learning - again only after asking - that the tomato soup was also CREAM of tomato.  So much for healthier alternatives.  Would it be so hard to write that on the chalkboard these soups were listed on?  Having said that, it was a very tasty soup, as long as I didn't tell myself that it was tortilla soup (See Rule #1 above).  In sum, Earl of Sandwich is a decent place if you're a tourist in LV on a budget.  For us, we're not likely to feel the urge to return unless we're at PH again for some reason and in a hurry.
3	Good for a quick bite. Nothing spectacular considering so many other options in Vegas.
5	Cheap-ish sandwich on the Strip.  Had the tomato soup and the Montagu.  Soup was piping hot with delicious croutons that were crispy but not crunchy (if that makes sense).  The sandwich with its roast beef had its delicious melted cheese with its special mustard sauce.  If you can't decide what to eat, stop on by here. Better than spending 5x+ times the cost at a buffet, in my opinion. Save the money for more booze from Fat Tuesday.
3	Price alone would bring this place up to a 4, maybe even a 5, but alas...the value just wasn't there.I got the Original since I love horseradish sauce, and while I thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich, i was left sorely disappointed by the value. With a one dollar sign on Yelp, I figured it would be cheaper than it was.The sandwich itself came out to about 7 bucks, but a drink was TWO NINETY-NINE! so one measly fountain drink, and I broke 10 bucks for lunch. OK fine...hope the sandwiches are big...well, they aren't. They aren't small exactly, but they would never be qualified as big.I finished my sandwich not full, but I made sure to get a refill of my soda to make up for the 3 bucks I spent on it. I don't know why in the hell I went to a strip lunch place and didn't expect strip prices, but shame on me.
5	I don't do sandwiches. But for Earl of Sandwich, I gladly make the exception. I love the Tuna Melt. This is the only thing I order from here. The melted cheese reminds of a delicious hot pocket. I know that might not sound really appetizing to some but honestly the melted cheese takes me back to my childhood. Just imagine a ham and cheese hot pocket, except way better bread and replace the ham with tuna. And the cheese, there's like 10xs way more cheese than a hot pocket.Another reason why this is a five-star is its location. It's easily accessible from casinos on the Strip. Quality food at an affordable price. Definitely hit the jackpot on this!
5	Not only fairly priced the sandwiches are truly 5 star amazing. I got a bbq hawaiian chicken it was warm fresh and amazing. Cant say enough. 2 sandwiches and a coffee was 16 bucks. Very very fairly price and delish. Its a must go to
4	First time here. Had the Italian with a side of potato salad. The sandwich is really good and the potato salad is... Well, a potato salad. The only reason it lost a star is because of lack of easy access. It's an inconvenient trip to get there. If they had one outside of the casinos/ strip I'd probably eat there every other day.
5	Seriously, hands down one of the best places to eat in Vegas. GREAT price and AMAZING food. Only downside, it is so popular the wait time was a little long (but still acceptable given the outcome). Would definetly recommend and go there anytime!
1	Maybe Las Vegas doesn't have sandwiches?? Because I can't understand why this place has so many 5 star reviews. I ate here based on the reviews, and man was I disappointed! I got the club and my husband had the Reuben. They were both average at best. Nothing special AT ALL. They tasted like boring sandwiches from a chain restaurant. I would only eat here if I worked in the Planet Hollywood mall and had a short lunch break.
5	This was sincerely one of the tastiest soup and sandwich combos I've ever had. The Chicken Pesto sandwich and the Chili soup were just perfect!
1	"Eh" about sums this place up.  It's an overpriced "gourmet sandwich" shop that's actually an overpriced worse than average sandwich shop.  The cold sandwiches you get at kiosks in the airport are better than these.  I'm pretty sure they no longer exist in the MGM, and I can see why.
5	Nothing left to really be said; the volume and quality of the reviews speak for themself. You won't be disapointed even if you are a world class sandwich expert that judges at international compatitions... Price is amazing considering it's Vegas. Probably will make this our lunch stop daily through our trip.
5	Man oh' man oh' man! The best sandwich I have ever had in my life. Come here to find out!
4	Newly opened food court.   Got the Montague and the Earl Club.   Both are good but Montague was better.  Price was 7.99 each and 6.99 for club members.   Wish the sandwiches were bigger.
4	This is a Vegas-must. For how crowded this place can get at any time, the staff sure handles this flow efficiently! It might be a little tough to find Earl of Sandwich but just use a map (if you are sober) or ask around. Sandwiches used to cost anywhere from $5 to $7 but now it's all one price... I believe $6 each. Plus within the last year they significantly cut down the menu. My favorite sandwich is/was the Carribean Jerk Chicken, but I have now settled for the Chicken Chipotle. For me, the sandwiches are kinda dry because of the bread, but I love that they are always hot and delicious! One of the ultimate Vegas cravings.
4	Dropped by for breakfast as the first spot upon arrival.  The line was relatively quick. The food was tasty. I ordered the Mac and cheese along with the pastrami sandwich.  One star off cause the order took longer than expected then when I went up the food was ready.... Kind of counterproductive when you give out alarms.
5	A very nice place to have a light meal. We went there twice and tried a couple of sandwiches and wraps. All sandwiches and wraps are less than $7 and they were all good. The location is very nice too since it's so close to Planet Hollywood and other hotels/casinos in the strip. Another good point about this place is that they serve coffee and breakfast (the breakfast is only till 11:00 though).
4	I had a ruben pastrami and it was good. Not great but good. Bread is toasted, not enough meat, way too much sourkraut. Line was pretty long, however, they were able to serve pretty fast for the volume they were handling. Coleslaw was ok, too much green onions.Buddy got mac and cheese, it looked pretty good.
3	I think this place is a bit overrated. I don't agree they make "The world's greatest hot sandwiches" that's a pretty big claim. You don't get to select the type of bread or customize your sandwich like most sandwich shops do so you're stuck with what you ordered. My son didn't like his non "grilled cheese" sandwich which looked more like a warm muffin with cheese in it and a bit dry I might add. My ham and cheese sandwich was ok didn't blow me away -- average at best. Prices I like but not the long wait, not enough tables and chairs to accommodate the crowd is what really killed it for me. We literally waited 45 minutes for our order while trying to find seating for four. We ended up spending more than an hour at this "slow food" joint. Would I come back next time? Probably but avoid lunch and dinner times at all cost unless you like slow service and the crowd.
5	Shared a Ruben pastrami, full mantague and had a mac n cheese. The bread was perfectly toasted. Crunchy outside. Soft inside. The full mantague was hands down better than the pastrami. Coming back again
5	Best of the best sandwich I love this place the only negative thing is long lineeeees.
4	I had the Chicken Thai Wrap with peanut Sauce Dressing. It was very tasty.  I ordered a side cole slaw and it was just ok tasting. The sandwiches are reasonably priced and they are opened 24 hours. A great place to go after for the night clubbing crowd...
1	Lost our order and ended up waiting 30mins till the issue was addressed. Horrible when im hungry af.
5	Considering there isn't many cheap and good places to eat for your average college student just trying to have a good time in Vegas, I had to give this place 5 stars. And yes, this is a sober review.I appreciated how efficient the customer service was. When I first got the sandwich, I thought it was relatively small but it was actually pretty filling!I tried the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Holiday Turkey sandwhich. There were both reallyyyyyy good. Loved how they were hot sandwiches as the bread was toasted to perfection.However, if I had to choose between the two again, I would just get the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich because I think the ingredients in this sandwich went really well together.4.5 stars for their quality of food and price. Now I know why it's wrapped in gold foil.
5	Wow!!  What a gem on the strip. Went to Bobby Flay's and the Buffet at Bellagio, spent hundreds of dollars and came away disappointed. Came to this place and were blown away.  Everything was wonderful. The bread that they use is wonderful, plenty of meat and tons of flavor. The soup at Bellagio was inedible and tasted like dishwater...the soups and chili here was full-bodied and flavorful. Highest rating possible.
3	Why does this place have such good reviews!? These are regular sandwiches that you could get just about anywhere else. We got the Earl's club and chipotle chicken avocado and were expecting something out of this world based on the reviews and the food turned out to be just OK. I guess compared to other restaurants this place is cheap so maybe that's what the attraction is because the food definitely isn't.
3	feel like quality has declined... their menu has changed no more meatball =( but still a good option for late night eats still 24/7
5	I ate here during my trip to Vegas this past weekend.  It was convenient because I stayed at Planet Hollywood anyway and it's located in the Miracle Mile Shops.  I wanted to see what the hype was about.I really didn't know what to order but scanning through their Yelp pics, looks like The Full Montagu seemed to be popular so that's what I got and my belly was satisfied!  Oh and don't forget to order their side of Mac & Cheese.  So bomb!  Tastes homemade.  They even cooked it in this mini foil pan for each serving.  Delish!
1	We waited in line, placed our order at 1:06pm, found a table, and started to wait for our food.45 minutes later nothing and we started to wonder if it really take that long to make 2 sandwiches, 1 mac and cheese, and 1 salad?  So I went up to ask for our order and even told them when the order was placed...and then the  manager came and took my receipt to check on out order. As soon as I saw the manager walking back and forth and yelling out our number to see where's our sandwiches I knew they didn't have our order! While I was getting more frustrated I realized there's two more ladies around was also frustrated with the similar issue!!Earl of Sandwich, you might want to improve or upgrade your system so the orders wouldn't go missing and make your customers wait forever while expecting their order is going to come out soon. 1 star for our first visit disappointment and will not visit again since there are other places to try too.
3	Having lived in Philly for almost a year, I've established a love-hate relationship with sandwiches. I eat them all the fucking time but I just can't stop because 1) sandwiches here are generally delicious, 2) there isn't an abundance of other great types of food in this area (flame suit on). Given this, I have to say that Earl is vastly overrated. Earl of Sandwich is amazing because you're drunk and hungry after doing all those drugs and dancing in Vegas at 3 in the morning with nothing else to eat, not because it is anything special.I tried over four sandwiches on my one trip to this place and while they were all decent (the pastrami and chicken avocado as the stand outs), it ain't no 4.5 stars. Make sure to ask for some horseradish sauce on the side with your pastrami as it'll add a nice kick to your sandwich.
3	3.5 starsThe sandwiches aren't worthy of the overall 4.5-star rating here on Yelp but they are good enough .... as snacks!  The sandwiches are small and there's hardly any meat in them to the point where you might wish you had more... or perhaps ordered two for yourself.  We got:Pastrami Reuben - I really liked this as the flavor was definitely there but was disappointed when there was hardly any pastrami in my sandwich.  If I were to come back, I'd get this one again, though, since I'm a fan of pastrami.The Full Montagu - This had roasted beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomatoes.  This wasn't bad but it definitely had more meat than the other sandwich.  Again, the sandwich was the same size as the other -- small! This place is convenient if you are either staying around the strip but I'd rather drive and explore what else Vegas has to offer.  I'm sure they have better sandwiches that have generous portions of meat for about the same price.  As good as the pastrami reuban was (minus the lack of pastrami), I'm most likely to pass these sandwiches up and drive to some place else.  Worth a try, though!
4	Located inside the Planet Hollywood, I finally got to try the famous Earl of Sandwich.  Oddly enough, I live in the LA area and never got around to trying the one in Downtown Disney.  The line was long when we got here mid-afternoon, but it was moving at a decent pace.  THIS PLACE IS OPEN 24 hours, which is pretty awesome.  The service was awesome and the staff answers any of your questions in a friendly manner.  The sandwiches are cut in half already, so it's perfect for sharing two different types like I did with one of my friends. (:  Each sandwich costs about $7-8? and their sizing is ok.  You won't be overly stuffed with the portion, but I was content.CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO: This sandwich came with grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce, and this bomb chipotle sauce! I loved it and would totally order this again!!HAWAIIAN BBQ: This sandwich comes with grilled chicken, ham, swiss, pineapple, and bbq sauce.  I'm not usually a fan of hawaiian pizza or sandwiches, but this was awesome!!I loved both the sandwiches and their flavorful tastes.  Definitely stop by if you can! (:
4	It was crowded but definitely worths waiting.  The taste was great but I wish the sandwich was bigger.
3	Okay
5	That tuna melt is in a class of its own.Tuna Is my fave sandwich so I was already going to be pleased but the warmth, toastiness and cheesiness took it over the edge of greatness. If you wanna spend a reasonable amount and have a phenomenal sandwich on vacation this is a no brainer.
4	I'm totally into Earl of Sandwich. When my friends suggested it "that one time in Vegas" I was all, "Is this another fad?" That the other location was in Downtown Disney. I took their suggestion and ordered me a sandwich. I don't live in Vegas, but every time I'm here, I go and order the same thing -- the TUNA -- its warm, it's toasty, it's delicious. Most recently, I ordered it after a drunken night, then the next morning I order another for the ride back to San Diego...desperate for sandwiches much? YES. The line can absolutely get long, so look out - i guess it depends on the time of day, rush hour of lunch/dinner/after club hopping. They are open 24 hours after all (If I recall correctly.)I've also had the chicken tortilla soup, and it's good! I mean it's sitting there in a pot all day, but it was really good tasting! I kind of had it for breakfast, lol.
2	Maybe the sandwiches are good but we had the veggie omelette and it was not good; dry and flavorless. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the manager was helpful and the peanut butter cookie was good. I do not recommend for breakfast.
5	Great sandwiches. Place was crowded but still got quick service.  Worth the visit. I had the chicken avocado. Wifey had rueben. Awesome!
1	Absolutely horrendous service.  We asked the attendant if he could make a sandwich into a salad and he said ,"Sure!" so we ordered salads and were given sandwiches.  Upon complaining and insisting to management, they refused to refund our order stating the salad was not on the menu, threatening to call security.  One of the female attendants raised her hand to my face, at which I took to be aggressive, so I swatted her hand away.  Lo and behold, the security was called, whom told us very politely it was in our best interest to leave due to the employee lady's tantrum.  OK.  We left without our food out of principle but we are not leaving a formidable review.  Their service seriously sucks.
3	It's a fairly small place, but with plenty of business, very long lines. I had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. While it was not bad, it didn't wow me for all the high reviews. Nevertheless it's still worth trying out. If I'm in the mood for something light like a sandwich and there isn't a crazy long line, I'll go back.
3	Not impressed at all. Average Sandwich ok soups, what's the difference between this and subway? The bread that's it.
5	Awesome except for the long lines, but it is just that good if you just want a fast cheap lunch in vegas. My absolute favorite is the Earls Club sandwich. So good. 2nd best sandwich I've ever had! (1st on my sandwich list costs $16). Had this for 2 days straight,  but wasn't sick of it at all! Delicious, and even though there is another location in anaheim, 30 minutes from my home, I always think of getting this sandwich when I am back in Vegas. Must try Earls club! :)
5	I love this place. Prices are very reasonable . Hot sandwiches . The bread are not too thick and crunchy. Lot of meat. Must try
5	Love their sandwiches! Its unique and the bread they use is different, melts in your mouth! Their anaheim branch is as good as this branch. I ordered the tuna melt and its soop good, thats a must! For any first timer to this place. I've tried the roast beef sandwich and its also good. They also have their thanksgiving sandwich which is seasonal only and its good also. This place is open 24 hrs perfect grub after clubbing and gambling. Lines can get long though. This gem is located inside planet hollywood hotel
5	Wish I could have eaten here again. It's just a good hot sand which, you can't find in many places. Wish they'd spread out nationwide. They'd give subway a run for their money.We had the caprese, veggie, and grilled sandwiches here. Also ordered the soup, which happened to be a creamy tomato. Everything was excellent.
5	Yay...we made it!  I read the reviews, and didn't think it could measure up, but it did.  I had the pastrami Reuben, without sauerkraut, and it was delicious. It takes a little time, because each sandwich must be grilled, but the bread is fresh and very special.  Just the right size, with the small tomato soup.
3	When I asked what Earls Sandwich was my friend repsonded: OMG YOU'VE NEVER HAD IT?It is indeed delicious but so obviously hyped up. I'm sure Vegas has a lot of great Sandwich places. And hearing my friends slobbering over Earls I expected at least gigantic and on top of it super delicious sandwiches which brings me my taste right to heaven. But when I got the sandwich I was really dissapointed about the size. Small, four bites and it was gone.Yes it was not bad but I would think about it twice to spend another $7 for four bites.
5	Best sandwich place ever. We tried the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich. They were amazing! Highly recommend! All for under $17!!
4	First of all, I'm not a fan of waiting long lines for food. But after seeing the reviews and walking by Planet Hollywood, it was a must to give it a try. Surprisingly, line was moving pretty fast. I got their small tomato soup and Full Montagu. I don't know what that means, but I know it was delicious! They usually give you one of those devices that vibrates when your order is ready. You can go find a seat and wait for your order. They are usually pretty fast. It is a good place to grab a sandwich.
4	When they say greatest sandwiches ever they mean it. If you have a chance to eat their, do it. You will thank me later.
5	OMG! The full Montague is the best sandwich ever!! Perfect amount of everything. Highly recommend the macaroni and cheese as well; its worth the money!
5	WOW! This place has over 3000 and it's no wonder! Probably the most affordable but delicious food you can find in Vegas. Honestly, there really isn't great food in Vegas if you're not willing to throw down the plastic and pay for an expensive af meal. But Earl of Sandwich makes delicious hot sandwiches that made my college budget sooooo happy! I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and omg heavenly. Heavenly bc I was starving after my flight, checking into the hotel, walking, being lightweight drunk on the strip from those Fat Tuesdays, etc. You see where I'm going with this... Make a stop at Earl's for sure! Decently priced, quality hot sandwiches.
2	Comparable to a corner bakery.  I got the Baja Salad and was disappointed it was missing the cilantro that it was supposed to have according to the menu.  The chicken is processed-- not great quality (I didn't eat half of it.)  If you are okay with Corner Bakery, then you'll be ok with this.  It gets the job done for cheap.
