5	outstanding hotel. we had a really amazing suite...the bathroom was the size of a small apartment and you can do laps in the bath. vegas is already a great time in itself, but staying here made it that much better. especially when you've been up for 2 days and you really need an extra comfy bed to collapse in.
5	Fantastic hotel, I've had the luxury of only staying here in suites, and for bachelor parties and weekend-long benders, but I felt that everyone in the hotel and casino was friendly and attentive, regardless of my mental condition.
5	My favorite luxury hotel in LV. The Venetian does an excellent job of making you feel somewhat normal after three nights of manic mayhem. You can't but feel respectable as you nod your head to the doorman, wave your room card, hold your head high to stop it from wobbling and walk straight back to the pool for some more bloody marys and margaritas. Then you can take part in some water aerobics with the other early birds.
4	i love staying at this all-suite hotel. i think their claim to fame is that they have the highest average square footage for their rooms. i think their sleeping rooms are better than the bellagio - which is a comparable price. the venetian has great places to eat, shop, and be merry. if you have time, check out the canyon ranch spa, jimmy choo, and one of the yummy italian places in "st mark's square".
5	Really pretty casino and nice place to hang out.  We spent a lot of time in the food court, even if we were staying somewhere else.  They have a good sandwich place that makes a fresh panini and a ginormous gelato stand with about 40 different kinds of frozen goodness.  We also ate at the Asian fusion restaurant that was upstairs.  There was a lot of sake involved, but I think I recall the food as being tasty.  The gondola rides seem a bit like getting paddled around a mall, but it could be fun, I guess.
5	When I saw a great deal on the internet for a room at the Venetian, I pounced on it!  I had heard so many great things about this all-suite hotel that I just had to stay there.  This place is huge, one of the largest resort/casinos in Vegas. It is themed so nicely. The shopping plaza with the canals is so charming. With all the shops & restaurants in this hotel you have no reason to ever step outside. ;)Our room was extrordinary. The bathroom alone is bigger than most NYC hotel rooms. There is a glassed in shower, a large soaking tub, double sinks, a vanity table and a seperate water closet with its own phone. The room had 2 TVs, one in the bed area and one in the seating area which was a couple of steps below the sleeping area. I highly recommend a stay at The Venetian!
5	Have stayed here a number of times for weddings, business and pleasure. The hotel is made up entirely of suites, and the base grade of suites is already very plush. Each has its own little living room and the sleeping areas are very divided from the main parts of the suite.CORPORATE NEEDS: The extensive business offerings also come very much in handy, especially in the mid-grade suites and above...The Venetian staff became a true extension of my team's effort.FAMILY / SOCIAL: Very accommodating of families as well as family / social functions. Lovely facilities and isolated ground areas for weddings and the likes. Depending on the suite level, there are all kinds of extras such as video libraries to keep all age levels entertained.EMAIL SPECIALS -- make sure to get on their email newsletter list. The specials are amazing!
5	This place is gorgeous. I wish I got to stay here all week! Be sure to call day-of and see if they have a better rate. I paid only $169. I don't know what they spray around the casino, but it smells pretty good. The people in traditional Venetian costumes are a nice touch. One day, when I get my own palace, I'm going to decorate it like the Venetian.
4	Huge, impressive.  More than 4K rooms, each has 3 phones, 2 TVS (not plasma), bath AND glassed shower, separate WC, vanity counter, 2 sinks, a fax / printer, table, couch, desk, Internet.There are enough people spending money here to support good shops and restaurants -- never had a bad meal here even in the food court.   The feel is glitz, power, new money.  But the size creates log jams, service that is professional on the strength of rules and systems but not personal attentiveness or courtesy.  Check-in and taxi lines can be an hour each.  They deliver room keys and shaving lotion, Fedex packages to your room, but not tylenol no matter how sick you are.  You get around all obstacles with some ingenuity and generous tipping, if you are a girl you can try crying but that gets tiring.Venezia concierge level is a world apart, a hotel within a hotel atop a parking garage.  Here there is no gambling, just a garden.  You get checkin, dinner reservations, VIP passes, anything else you ask, seated before a desk.  Staff remembers your name one day to another.  There are four receptions a day in the small lounge with food and an open bar, newspapers, a DVD library.  Bath liquids are better.  All that for $100 extra per day.  The frustration is that you pay extra for services any first rate hotel should give for free, noticeable only because the rest of the hotel lacks it.  All rooms are, in fact, identical throughout the property until you get to the very high end suites.  So pay $100 to be well pampered -- or save your money, do it yourself, and cry, whine, and tip.Back down on the floor, a three or four block walk through the casino from the guest elevators, the convention area has one vast level of ballrooms atop another, escalators up five or six landings before fading to the hazy beyond.  Enough suites and ballrooms, I commented, that all the Jews in my home state Oklahoma could have weddings and bar mitzvahs on the same day they once a year in this hotel.  My convention companion thought this was funny.  "Jew day," she said.I'm not raining on Saint Mark's square here by being first to give four stars.  I'm not saying it's the Excalibur or the Imperial Palace.  It's a good choice for Vegas, memorable.  You should try it.  But it's not Four Seasons, not St. Regis.  Not as cool as The Hotel or as fun as Mandalay Bay.
5	The best bars, the best clubs (overall), the best restaurants (without a doubt and real competition), the coolest layout, the best mall, the most things to do, one of the best parking setups, and the best location on the strip... Hello?!
5	I loved this hotel...from the spacious room, comfy pull-out bed, two tvs, awesome bathroom, decor, shopping, grand lux, tao...you really could stay in this hotel and not go anywhere else all weekend.  The staff were really nice to us, although the lines did get long due to the size of this hotel.  But everything was great.  Even the hallways smelled nice...they must pump a scent through the air system.  The only downside is that the spa is really hard to find, and getting to our room at the venezia tower was a bit of a trek, but I guess we got some exercise in!
5	favorite place to stay.  the rooms are huge, and now that i'm beyond the "willing to sleep on a floor or couch" stage of my life, i really appreciate having all the extra room to relax.  the rest of the hotel is great too, although the layout is a bit weird.  won money at the craps table, so makes it that much better!
4	Central location on the strip and during conferences, incredibly competent staff, and every room is a suite. I don't want a boutique hotel caught up in it's boutiquey-ness. I want a hotel that really wants to cater to my comfort, and makes me feel like they just want what's best for me. Forgive me, I had to take off a star because they charge for their gym.
5	One of the finest hotels ever.  We stayed in the Venezia tower (some added ammenities) and reveled in our 750 square foot room (larger than out SF apartment!).  Rooms are well appointed with luxurious beds/bedding, lovely (and expensive)furnishings, and a bathroom to die for.  Marbe soaking tub and seperate glass enclosed shower with multiple shower heads.  Service is great..only complaint is registration.  Despite the "private" check in advertised in the Venzia tower, we waited almost 30 min for one of only two employees to help us (this was the thur before Memorial weekend- more than 2 employees please, folks). Not the wealthies of patrons, we figured out a way to go for less than premium cost.  Each suite offer two large queen beds and a double size couch pull out.  "double" occupany runs about $250/night.  Five people fit EXTREMELY comfortably into these rooms. We pulled off the Venetian for about $150/per person TOTAL for all 3 nights!!!!
4	My favorite hotel in Vegas.The first to paint their ceilings with a daytime look its ben copied by many of the rest.  Ton's of mid range shopping here and extremely well designed.  The gondola rides in and outside are a supreme touch and much more affordable here then in the real Venice.
5	I stayed here during the first week of December, so the hotel had a lot of rooms available. I was offered an upgrade to their penthouse suite for an additional $100 a night, but declined it because all of their rooms are suites anyhow. The woman who helped me was so sweet though, because she ended up giving us the penthouse suite upgrade for free! The suite was fabulous! It had 2 baths, huge bedroom, living room, dining room and foyer. I felt like a celeb!! I've been back since then and the suites in the Venezia tower are really nice as well - service is fantastic.
5	Absolutely beautiful.  My visual favorite!
4	given the size of the rooms & bathroom and the fine furninshings, the venetian is my destination of choice if i have to be in vegas. service has improved over the past few years although there is still room for improvement. the canyon ranch health club does require a fee for entry but it is huge and very plush. if presented the option, stay in the venezia tower, closer to bouchon and a bit removed from the casino floor.
5	This is a great hotel.  I just came back from a conference there and have to say that I was impressed.  The rooms (suites, actually) are ginormous, and the service was impeccable.  The conference food was decent, but not spectacular, but you really can't expect great things when trying to feed 6000 people.  The conference and ballroom areas were spacious and well tailored for our company's 5-day gathering.My room had 3 phones, 2 TVS, a tub and  glass shower stall, separate toilet room, vanity counter, two sinks, a fax / printer, living room area with table, couch, desk, Internet.The bars and restaurants are good, and I have to say that for some reason, the taxi and valet service were less chaotic and more speedy than any other LV I've been to.Yes, the company paid for my $1K stay there, but I'd definitely consider going back.  The Bellagio may be a little more elegant, but I don't think you can beat the square footage and amenities.
4	just from a "tourist"'s point of view...this is one of the hotels i love visiting in vegas.  their decor is amazing...from the realistic sky to the backdrop of italian boutiques.  it was photo galore!!i definitely took many pics here.next time, i'll stay here and maybe try the gondola ride--it looks ultra romantico!!
4	Venetian is pretty amazing with their quality layout, design and housing my favorite Las Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.  The shopping area is similar to Paris and the Ceasar's Forum with the faux sky, but what sets this place apart is the indoor\outdoor gondolas rides.I really enjoyed it, although it can be a little awkward with all those damn tourists taking pictures of you while you are chillin' during your 15min ride.  It cuts into your wallet with $15 per person price tag.  Do it for your lady!
2	Wow, what a let down. After everything I'd heard about this place, I was expecting to be blown away. Unfortunately, everything looks really, really cheesy here and is about as similar to Venice as getting grocery store sushi is to living in Tokyo. The whole place just saddened and underwhelmed me. Combine that with the fact that they used to have a full on tiki bar that they recently gutted to turn into an ordinary douchebag bar and I've got nothing but contempt for the over-rated Venetian.
4	Wow.  They have the craziest gelato stand.  You'd swear it was a bar.  There was no line.  You just stand there (like in a bar) and try to get the attention of the next available gelato scooper (like a bartender).  People are actually shoving and arguing because "they were first".  I just had to laugh.  What I like about this place is the array of gelato flavors, and the fact that you can mix and match as you please.  The last time I visited, I had the tiramisu gelato and the mint gelato.  It was gooooooood.
5	This is by far my favorite vegas hotel to stay in...especially for bachelorette groups.  This was pure pampered luxury.  We stayed in a suite in the Venezia towers. From the front door to your suite is like walking through a labyrith.  You have to go through two elevators, guarded security, and long twisted hallways.  If I were drunk going to my room, I would definitely need a designated friend to walk me to my room.  I loved the vanity area in their enormous bathroom with a bath tub, duo sinks, and a shower that fits 2.  And you know girls need space to primp.  I slepted on the sofa bed, which surprisingly confortable and felt just like a real bed.  Also since we were a group of girls and stayed at their hotel, we got VIP treatment at their club, Tao.  The concierge was able to assist us  to get us in front of the line without waiting in the guestlist or general admission line with no cover.
3	Brother in law and sister in law got married here and I wasn't impressed. Don't get me wrong, it's not BAD but I wouldn't stay here if I wasn't forced (i.e. for the wedding) The decor is frankly ugly and over done for my taste. Plus I hate those stupid faux cloud ceilings!! Rooms are pricey and out dated.
5	This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas having stayed here four times previously . The new Venezia tower suites are excellent though it can be confusing getting to the tower since you have to take an elevator to the 15th floor to enter the Venezia and it can get perplexing  especially if you have been playing all night long and your brain is malfunctioning. The outdoor courtyard and the pool at the Venezia exude a certain feeling of tranquility helping absolve your mind of the huge losses you sustained at the tables. Venetian is the worst casino to gamble at because,apparently I win money everywhere else and lose it all at  the Venetian. I swear they have those roulette tables fixed.
5	I don't know why I love these suites so much, since we spend so little time in our rooms.  However, all of the rooms at the Venetian are quite large and feel so homey.  I particularly love the large bathrooms because there is nothing better than a hot shower in a luxurious setting to wake yourself up or wash off that Vegas stinch.  Also, the Venetian has a great selection of restaurants and shops, although the casino continues to take my money from me.
4	I went to the Canal Shoppes, and had a grand old time.  There are man-made "canals," complete with gondolas and singing gondoliers.  The ceiling is painted to look like the sky, except in one particular large space, where it's painted to look like the Sistine chapel!  The gelato stand is excellent (well worth the $5 for a small one), and I was especially excited to find a little place selling Murano glass beads.  I have no doubt that I will be going back there the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Because when I see a Caravaggio, what I'm really thinking about are quarter slots.By far the most beautiful hotel in Vegas. I can only dream of staying here.
5	Great hotel!  Though I might be biased because they upgraded my standard room to a suite.  Nice and spacious.
5	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at.  Not quite a 5 star, but there's no 4 1/2 so I rounded up.   The upgraded my suite and I stayed in the tower as well.  The staff was courteous and every part of the room was clean and immaculate every day.  I had no complaints about the rooms.  The pools tend to get crowded (even though there are 7 of them).  But if you go early you can usually find a place to sit.  The valet is awesome and aside from the smoke of Vegas the kids loved it.
5	"Once you go Venetian, you won't turn back"^ That's what I say to my buddies who have never stayed in this classy and beautiful hotel.  Whenever I go to Vegas - which I'm averaging about 4 trips a year so far -the Venetian is always on the top of my hit list.  In fact, it is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas and I'm a frequent guest here...The Venetian and Bellagio are the only 5-star hotels on the strip and while I've never stayed in the latter, why would I?  All the rooms in the Venetian are suites so you get a huge room complete with a nice bathroom, 2 TVs and a living room.  All this and beautifully furnished for cheaper than staying at the overly-hyped, way too pricey Bellagio?  The Venetian is a bargain in comparison and it's equally as luxurious with the top hotels elsewhere...and we're just talking about the standard suite here.  And if you're trying to go on a bargain with travelling friends, consider this: the room can comfortably sleep 8 people with the amount of space in this room as the sofa is a bed too.  But let's just keep this secret to ourselves, yeah? ;)If you want to 1up yourself at this resort, try the newer Venezia tower that have slightly bigger rooms and more lavish furnishings.  Not to mention the separate lobby is not only huge, but absolutely gorgeousb like you've stepped into a Renaissance museum.  Even the separate outdoor pools and gazebo are top notch.The Tao night club is currently the "it" place to be so definitely check it out.  Casino is huge and everything screams luxury.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
3	Yes, it's elegant and upscale but way too phony for my tastes.  The high ceilings and murals drawn on them are impressive... but the nauseating choice of air freshener is oppressive!  It is everywhere and even follows you out while you escape!  The Tao lounge is located here so there were all kinds of scantily-clad and over-cologned riff raff.  The restaurants are rumored to be amazing and the canals inside are pretty cool, but I just wasn't enamored.
5	We will always make it a point to stay at the Venetian.  I would advise against their new tower, Venezia... the last time we were there the room was smaller and the maid didn't do a thorough job cleaning.  We actually found a pair of women's boots in the closet.  Freaky!The all-suites at Venetian is great.  Not to mention all of the Chinese channels on TV.  But you can get that at Bellagio and the Wynn now too.No buffets at the V, but that's nice too.  You don't attract the crowds as much.  The tables also don't attract the younger crowd so if you're into hardcore gambling with less rowdiness, the V is the place for you!
5	I have stayed at every hotel on the Strip (yes, every one - even that damn Motel 6), and this is the BEST overall value.  Every room is a gorgeous suite, the entry lobby is elegant, the casino is fun, the pool is nice and more importantly, the service is great.  I have never had a bad time at this place.Have fun!
4	Very nice total resort on the Strip.  Nicely located across from the Mirage. Venetian truly has it all. Architecture was copied from Venice (of course).  Pretty good replicas to include canals and gondolas.  You can actually get a gondola ride complete with singing gondolier. Fabulous entrance with Mediterranean decor all around.  Ceilings are painted like the Sistine Chapel.  Casino is large.  Rooms were certainly nice, clean and roomy the times I stayed there. Many restaurants to please your palate.  Wonderful spa onsite. Shopping for the shopaholic with tons of stores. Like I said, it has it all. Always a nice place to stay, and also just to walk through and visit.  St. Mark's square is really done well.  Magic courtesy of the big time Las Vegas Casino and Resort, Venetian is truly worth your time.
4	A pioneer of the all-suite hotel, the Venetian is definitely one of the top tier hotels on the Strip.  I have stayed here 3 different times, all of them were great experiences.  The decor is over the top but it's Vegas and it's expected.  It only gets four stars because twice the room we stayed in looked a little worn - a top property should repair and refurbish continually.  During my favorite visit we stayed in the then new Venezia Tower on one of the concierge floors.  This entitled us to a guaranteed non-smoking room, our own reception area separate from the rest of the hotel and free breakfast in the morning and drinks and appetizers in the evening in the Venezia Tower Concierge lounge.
5	i absolutely LOVE this hotel.  it's got food and shopping, two of Vegas prime, down pat.  you should stay at the Venezia Towers cuz it's newer and got its own pool.  even though there are only two beds you can EASILY fit like 12 people in a room cuz they have a pull out couch.  Split the costs and it's like $30 per person a night. Worth it!
3	boo. hiss. for some reason i'm just not a fan. the service was simply horrible, and quite unacceptable for such a baller hotel. i asked for the front desk to complete a small task such as deliver envelopes to other hotel guests. i was less than impressed when they lost the envelopes 4 separate times! also, they charge $2.50 to deliver an envelope. lame. not. rad.
5	[This is a review of a hotel stay from last week (10/31 - 11/2).  It's still very much clear in my mind though]Technically I am not a five-star hotel sleeper (although I hope to one day be one), so I don't really have the proper context required to judge a hotel and award [it] five stars.  None the less, the Venetian is a fabulous hotel.  I've stayed at the Venetian a couple of times in the past.  Take away the smoky casino, the crowded gaming tables, the oodles of mindless tourists (yes I too was a mindless tourist) and what you have left is an absolutely massive, all-suite, fabulously decorated, dining destination in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.  Of course these crowded, noisy diversions are what make Las Vegas - Las Vegas!I stayed in the new Venezia tower which is billed as a an exclusive separate experience.  I did find the new upstairs Venezia lobby to be a little more private, and I sensed incrementally finer appointments than the registration lobby for the main tower.  It was certainly interesting to ride in an elevator with only two buttons that travels fifteen floors (the new tower is built on top of the old parking garage).   Thomas Keller's Las Vegas version of Bouchon was situated just outside the Venezia lobby before the hallway for the hotel elevators.  I'll leave the review of Bouchon for the next review, but it's those hallways that have left me fully mystified and very much exercised.  I'm not sure if it was deliberate design (can't be) or creative design that resulted in a right, straight, right, left, right, right and then the elevators.  Once on the required floor (which by the way which are actually fifteen floors higher than their number) the journey to the suites are filled with more confusing left. left, right combinations.  Now I am no fool!  I know that confusing design is an intrinsic element of good casino design, but I think this is way "over the top."  My understanding of confusing hotel layouts relates to dark, confusing casinos with elevators situated at the heart of gaming action to promote increases chances of luring in new (and old) gamers.   These Venezia tower hallways are already far away from the gaming action.Regardless of the overly complicated elevator hallway layouts, the new rooms are fantastic.  Spacey floor plans, well designed lighting and fine appointments.   The step-down living room is standard in almost all Venetian rooms and it adds the perfect touch of separation for the suite.   The view was lofty but industrial, being an eastward facing room, I saw the large expanse of the Sands Expo rooftop and the massive cooling towers used for the hotel HVAC system.  Being on the 27Th floor definitely made up for the lack of strip view.Another mystery left me wondering... when returning to the room around 4:30am (i.e. a night loaded with indulgence)  I found the beds made down and a bar of chocolate nestled next to the pillow.  Exactly how does the maid service know that no one is around at 2:30am?  Are they watching the guests?  This and the other fabulous service all contribute to what always is an excellent hotel stay, leaving me dreaming that I could come and go as I please.  I'll definitely be back.
5	This by far, is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. I stayed here the other day for a few nights and gosh, i can't describe how beautiful this place is. I checked in later in the evening and wanted a non-smoking room. Fortunuately for me, the reservationist did not have anything available in the Venetian tower, so she upgraded me to a suite in the newer, more fabulous Venezia tower. Awesome. It was quite a walk to my suite though and I felt I was like some hamster in a maze while I was looking for my room. But as soon as I opened my door and walked into my suite, my jaw dropped. My suite was huge! Not sure if that's the standard size or not, but it probably can fit 8 people comfortably! And it was just lil' ol' me!! Man, I wished my apartment was that big!
4	Every room here is a suite..   Mine was multi-leveled making it seem larger than it really was. The bed was very comfy and had some bling bling all over it. I had an urge to steal everything and put it in my room at home.I love the entrance of the hotel as they have paintings all over the ceiling and great service from the workers. I'd give this a 5 star if it weren't so far away from the center of the strip. Oh and I pricelined this hotel back in the day when you could get it for $99 a night.. I wonder if I got the "Priceline" room?
5	If you didn't know, this hotel contains the best gelato stand I have ever been to in my life.I make it a point to come here every time I am in Vegas.Seriously.
3	It's F ing huge. Didn't stay in a room. Was there for a conference. I hate how I had to walk a freakin mile to get where I wanted to go in girly, painful shoes.
5	We ended up spending our entire trip here...even though we didn't stay here.  I don't know what the hell the rest of Vegas is up to but the Venetian got it right...I hope this is the new face of Vegas.The Venetian shops, restaurants, and casino were all top notch but affordable, and the staff (except one, see my review on the Canaletto) was great.Next time we stay here.
4	Another nice ass hotel.  I would actually book a room for myself at this place if I had the money in contrast to the W Hotel.  But of course, at the time of my stay, I wasn't financially there and wouldn't book a room to save my life.  Luckily, yet again, the Venetian was free for my broke-then-maybe-now-ass.  Muhahahaha.  Well, it wasn't that great as it sounds now ... "free."  We were told that a friend who had suddenly gained a lot of money, wanted to treat his friends to a few rooms at the Venetian.  Little did we know of how many people he invited ...So we're on our way .. driving at the crack of dawn to Vegas - restless and hungry for food and thirsty for alcohol.  We finally arrive at the much anticipated Venetian ... awed by the splendor of decor and richness of bling bling.  A bunch of us - girls - open the door to "our" room in excitement only to find a bunch of strangers, smoke, alcohol, and sadness inside.  So happens, this generous "friend" invited everybody and their moms.  We obviously had NO WHERE to stay, much less a place to SLEEP on.  At 6am in the morning, pissed off and frustrated, several of us decided to check out their "famous" pool ... all we found was a jacuzzi and a sorry water area.  No pool?  Correct.  We were so tired and sad that we had no where to stay, that we slept our sorry asses outside on the pool chairs in the jacuzzi area.  We woke up an hour or so later to a old white couple staring at us from the jacuzzi.  Oh, the thoughts I'd imagine they had ...Long story short, there were several other people who had rooms and we ended up crashing with them, 3 girls to a bed, and still free of charge.  The room was the Venetian Bella Suite, two full beds and lounge area with a couch that unfolds to a bed (my bed to be exact =/ ).  chairs, a table, TV ... the works.  Despite the uncomfort of sharing a couch-bed with two other girls, it was still a nice hotel ... a nice room ... and a nice bed.   Words of advice:  don't expect satisfaction out of 'free' things.  I'd rather pay for a room then to have to stay with strangers.Yet again, I did not sleep on a 'real' bed.
4	I've been here a couple of times and both times I loved it.  Well decorated and what a great convenience for shopping and having dinner.  Valentino's is a great restaurant if you want something a little more upscale than Grand Luxe.  If you\re an avid gambler and you have a member card the perks are GREAT!One thing that I wish would change is that to get to the other tower is a little confusing.
5	I love their hotel bathrooms. =]
5	As to what Susy C. said, I too loved their bathroom. Super spacious, and it made me feel like a baller for a day or three.Clean rooms, large beds and a great view. What else can you ask for?
5	Been to this hotel resort 3x, and the best one I recall, was 2 years ago with close friends. We stayed at a Palazzo Tower Suites and my favorite about the Palazzo suites was a  complimentary from the hotel, and with this complimentary, our room has a call service with live bed warmers to warm your goose down, king size bed before you sleep. We started off small from our ATM funds, and by the first evening we had a huge spending limit due to the earnings from greed and a Players Club Card provided by the Venetian Resorts. My brats and I was such "BALLER" status for the weekend that money blinded us and it was no object to us. But by Sunday afternoon, the alcohol from my system had evaporated and I have this huge lactic acid on my throat, and a huge hang over, and it was time to check out. At least check out line for my group was directly separated from the normal check out line from the norm. We were at the concierge desk line, this is where it was calm, and away from the noisy hip packed tourist from the mid-west trying to check out. You win some and you lose allot. The hell with the roulette tables, they will put you through bankruptcy status so fast and diminish your last remaining college funds, and there is no remorse for your Vegas vice. And the hell with the dealer with 10% tips. My rule of thumb is the house always wins, so quit while you're ahead and enjoy the compliments from the House. All in all this is the best casino resort I have stayed at. I have Venetian as my destination of choice when I go back to Vegas. I go with winners, and so I stay at a winning casino. 5 stars
5	Okay, maybe this review is for the musical and not a real review of the Venetian itself. I'm sure the gelato is good but watching the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian is a lot better. I saw the musical which recently started playing at the Venetian and was totally blown away.  I went with my family to go see it and was surprised at first how the Phantom was a shortened version of the original play. My niece, who came along and loves musicals, discovered the musical is missing maybe a 1/3 of the songs from the original on the program. The program itself  wasn't a Playbill like all plays and musicals pass out but something called  Curtain Call.  We theorized that since it was abridge version, they don't get the Playbill program.  Only 95 minutes long.... not a intermission in those minutes.  So I felt cheated. Strike number one.We entered the theater and was surprised that parts of a chandelier were hanging  all over the ceiling. Our seats were in the lower floor (orchestra seating) but I was wondering about the blocked balcony views by those hanging pieces. I was appalled.  Strike two. Remember, I haven't seen stage version of the Phantom (only movie) so I was clueless what was about to happen. For the musical, the theater itself  was covered in drapery resembling a cave to me. I remember the phantom lived in the sewers or something like that, hence my cave thought. The play started and a auction started on stage. A musical box was sold to an old man on a wheelchair.  Next item for sale, part of a chandelier that was destroyed by the Phantom of the the Opera himself. BOO-OM!  Pitch black! PHANTOM THEME SONG PLAYS! That chandelier on the stage and the parts that were strewn across the theater ceiling came to life with light, that flickered with sporadic energy.  Slowly, all those parts danced across the theater and eventually reassembled itself at the ceiling of the theater. WOW! Totally blew me away. Then the drapes that  covered the walls pulled away into ceiling itself and revealing a fake balcony with manikins watching the stage.  WOW!In the end, I really enjoy the play and didn't feel cheated for being shortened. I didn't realize how much set design and visual effects went into POTO. That really surprised me and blew me away. Maybe being held at the Venetian may have helped in that category. A Las Vegas theater with all the bells and whistles. My niece thought the musical really moved well, she didn't miss any of those omitted songs and liked the play.Sorry for the novel but if you're a real fan of the original,  you may feel cheated but still appreciate the effort. If you have never seen it before in a theater setting then you'll love it like I did.  I may go out and purchase the CD itself just to play, "Remember Me."
5	How could I not give this place a five star- its where my bestfriends and I spent their first night together  as a  married couple...ok before you get another thought in your head- its nothing like that!  So we booked a whole package on priceline.com and stayed at a lesser end hotel for our intentions were to party the weekend away...So we're dancing our booties off at RA- when they have this massive big fight- oh great- now im stuck having to hear all this the next morning...Its 5 am in the morning and she jumps on my bed and wakes me up..."You'll never believe what we just did-- WE JUST GOT MARRIED!!!"I didnt know if I was going to congratulate her- or someone wake me up cuz i must be dreaming...Alas- it was for real- with certificate in tow...Im just hoping the alcohol has worn out...By noon it was still on- so - hey since I didnt get enough time to get you something for your wedding present- let's go get a suite at the Venetian and spend your first day in luxury!Ah the memories...what happens in Vegas- well is a happy couple today!
3	*reviewing the shopping only - not the hotel or casino*The mall at the venetian is interesting. The sky like ceiling is cool, but a little trippy. It kinda makes me dizzy!The shops don't seem as high end as the forum shops, but that's kind of refreshing. The gondolas are cool, but don't seem worth the ride. You only stay inside so you don't see anything different than if you were just walking around.
5	Whenever I do go to Vegas, this is the only place I stay.  The hotel/casino is amazing, and the rooms are even more amazing!  Each room is considered a suite.  There is I would say two levels in each room separated by a step.  The upper level has the beds with a nice big tv.  The beds are really soft and comfortable.  My back is always giving me trouble when I sleep on the futon at home, so when I sleep at the Venetian, I wake up for a change without any lower back pain. The lower level is like a living room with chairs, a small table, a couch, and another tv.  The couch has a hideaway bed which is always nice when you have a bunch of people. The bathroom is huge!  There is a see through shower and a small bath/jacuzzi right next to it.  The double sinks works well, again when you're with a bunch of people.While there you should check out the Canyon Ranch Spa.  You could get a nice workout,  relax in the jacuzzi or steam room, and even get a massage.   There's even a restaraunt in the spa where they serve pretty healthy food.  It's a nice way to get away from the stress of losing all your money in the casino. You could also go the the Canal shops, where they have some nice stores you could spend all of your winnings.Overall, the Venetian is the only place to stay in Vegas.
5	AMAZING. The room was very nice, but what really took my breath away was the bathroom... it was absolutely beautiful. Huge bathtub, separate shower, double sinks... and if I can remember properly, it also had a vanity table. If I could've gotten away with it, I would've smuggled the vanity home with me. If you're planning to stay at the Venetian, be sure to take a bath and don't forget to bring some bubbles with you!
5	Beautiful inside and out, the Venetian is the top tier class standard of all casinos / hotels in Las Vegas.  From the romantic gondola, to the world class food, the beautiful all-suite rooms, the great lounges / clubs, to the top notch restaurants and the awesome casino, the Venetian scores in all directions.I can't wait for the replica in Macau.
5	Nice hotel with great rooms! The robes, towels, toiletries, pillows... all top notch. One of the comfiest hotel beds. Ever. Living area was spacious with cozy sofa and chairs. In the bathroom... Huge glass shower and separate tub were wonderful. Toilet was in a little cubby, separate from the main bathroom. Dressing table and mirror were a nice touch!I asked for a room on an upper floor, facing away from the strip and they were happy to accommodate me. (I was there for a conference, so needed my 40 winks!) My favorite club in the hotel was Tao - try the Orange Dragon martini! Mostly a 30's crowd, with lots of energetic music, attentive servers, and friendly bartenders.Cell reception was nonexistent but that's not the hotel's fault.The conference center is huge. You do have to walk through the (smoky) casino to get there from the tower. Huge escalators ferried people up and down. Rooms were well marked so I only got lost a few times. Shopping center is unique with murals of a sunny sky painted on the ceiling. Even at 2am it felt like noon. Really trippy! Gondoliers paddle up and down the indoor and outdoor canals. Mimes and other performers are scattered throughout the walkways."Phantom of the Opera" lives at the Venetian so if you go, be prepared to have "Music of the Night" embedded into your mind for the next 6 months or so as it is piped into the casino, elevators, mall... and even the TV channels!
3	I've stayed at The Venetian 3 or 4 times now and I guess you could say that I'm just not fully bought in.It's a nice hotel and casino, no question... I just don't think it's worth the premium they charge relative to the rest of the Strip. In my experience you're typically looking at $350 per night here relative to the deals you can usually find between $100-300 at the other usual suspects. You do get a few things for this higher price tag, notably: (a) a much larger room, which is nice to have but really not necessary when I'm spending 4 hours per day there, (b) the coolest indoor shopping center I've seen on the Strip and (c) Tao, an admittedly hot nightclub. On the other hand, the pools and restaurant selection are no better that the other big resorts, and the casino's tables all seem to sport higher limits (presumably given the larger wallets of those staying here).Net net, a good Vegas destination and I'm sure I will be back -- but I'm also equally happy with the Mandalay, Hard Rock, Paris, Mirage or MGM Grand -- and especially so if I can re-purpose some of that room bill into other entertainment...
4	If you're staying at the Venetian on your own dime, you presumably already have plenty of money.  If your company is paying for it, though, you may find the prices around the resort to be quite high.  That was our situation - we didn't have to pay for the room, but we sure spent a lot in the rest of the resort!The check-in process was reasonably smooth, and check-out was easy with their Express Checkout service.  The actual hotel is not particularly fancy - the rooms are enormous and well-appointed, but the hallways are pretty dismal.  The high-speed internet works fine (but bring your own cable, theirs is way too short) and the fax in the room is a nice touch.  You will not be able to print to the fax machine unless your laptop has a parallel port, though - and most don't anymore.But don't expect to spend a lot of time in your room, anyway.  There is plenty to see and do at the Venetian!  The casino is fairly highbrow all the way around, but there are plenty of nickel slots and a few penny slots too.  Table limits vary and are comparable to other casinos.  The shopping mall area ("Grand Canal Shoppes") is very nice to walk through, but if you don't have a lot of cash, you'll just be window shopping!  If you catch one of the Living Statue displays and want to take a picture...leave a tip, it's the nice thing to do!The Venetian's main attractions are Phantom of the Opera (which is indeed on all the Muzak pipes) and the Blue Man Group.  I didn't see either one, and I only saw people going to Phantom on one night even though I was there for a week.  The other big attraction is Tao, which is an exclusive restaurant/club with an Asian theme.  The bouncer let me through to peek at the menu, and the prices were astounding!I do want to give commendation to the business center and package center staff.  Both were incredibly helpful, friendly, and courteous.I ate at several places at the Venetian - the food court, the gelato place (both in the Shoppes), the Grand Lux Cafe, Zeffirino, and Noodle Asia.  I have written a separate reviews for the restaurants I visited.  The food court was by far the best value - Shake'n'Burger was especially inexpensive, although the food was mediocre at best.
4	have you ever wanted to stay over night at the Metropolitan Museum of Art? well, thats what this feels like.  the lobby is like walking into a renaissance cathedral. even the smell is spot on (that carbon smell you find in museums..to remove toxins from the air so it doesn't damage the art).we stayed here new years weekend 2004. it was a zoo but well worth it. our room was a gigantic suite, but very minimally decorated. hardly anything on the walls. a little eerie if you ask me. their was a faint odor of ciggy smoke in our non-smoking room but i guess its to be expected when the whole city reeks of it. the bathroom was solid marble from the shower, to the tub, to the walls, to the floors. it was one of the most gorgeous bathrooms i've ever seen. nd our bedroom had a balcony that opened up to the living room. yes, inside the room there was a "balcony." it was very cute.jsut 4 stars because of the bare walls and faint ciggy smoke smell, but i'll be back.
5	Thanks to the Venetian for forever making every other hotel I will ever stay at, look like a cruddy, rat-infested pigstie. True, I've never been to any of the other fancy hotels, like Geoff D. mentioned (the Mandalay, Mirage, MGM), so I have no basis for comparison, and I have to admit that if I'd actually had to pay for it, I might have been tempted to take off a star or two, but luckily I got to stay there as a guest. The Venetian literally makes me suck my breath in. I almost gave it 4 stars (taking off a star for the fact that you need a GPS to navigate your way around) but... I just can't do it. Aaaaaagh. The Venetian Hotel is a lot like Gavin Newsom, for 5 reasons (I'd give Mayor G 4 stars but since I got to stay at the Venetian for free I feel like I should give them a higher rating).1. It's ridiculously nice despite its shortcomings (there was a staff member at every other corner making sure you didn't get lost). 2. It's not afraid to take chances. Mayor Gavin will forever be dear in my heart for standing up for gay rights, despite what it looked like to the Republicans... during election time... ok lets not go there. But I still love you Newsom. Likewise, who'd have thought painting bright fluffy white clouds over a blue sky on the shopping mall ceiling would work?! But It's awesome.3. Yeah, it's a little messed up and can cause a state of confusion (and not just the should-I-cheat-on-my-husband / Ruby Tourk type). I am very bad with directions and got totally lost trying to find my way around (Wait...  you mean... uh... go up to the tenth floor to get to the first floor? Whaaaa?). I heard 3 people say "I feel like I'm stuck in a MAZE!" 4. No matter how many times I see it, it still makes me think, Ho-ly Jesus how did God come up with something so pretty to look at (and dudes, do not EVEN try to say you wouldn't think the same if Cindy Crawford was mayor). I LOVE the design and layout of the rooms. The colors, everything. The draperies were gorgeous, and it's great to feel like you're in a parlor, going down a step or two to the next level where the TV (SECOND set) is.  Huge fluffy bathrobe in the closet. Fine toiletries. But the very best thing for me is the shower. It's a bit like standing in front of a fire hydrant and getting blasted with hot water. Totally awesome. This place doesn't leave details to chance.And lastly,5.  Loooord only knows what kind of down and dirty stuff is going on behind those closed, fancy white doors. Geoff D. had a good point, if you only spend a few hours a night there, $350 is a big wad to drop (what is that, almost 90 bucks an hour?). But if you're allergic to crowds like I am, it's not a bad place to hole up in.
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.This hotel is HUGE and draws conventions after conventions to the hotel.  So be prepared!The rooms are all suites which is nice if you want additional space since you have a living room.  Two TV's as well.  Twice the space of regular hotels on the strip and usually twice and much. As for the bathrooms, am not really into green marble bathroom counters and gold fixtures.  I felt like Versace goes to Vegas.  A bit overdone in my opinion.The mall is really nice, but all the stores are super pricey, ie: Jimmy Choo.  Need I say more?  If you see the Gondola, do not waste your money on this.  It travels only in the inside of the mall for 1/8 mile.  It does not go outside.TIP: This is a good hotel to stay in if you need to conduct business or plan to bring your laptop.  Each room has it's own printer and fax that you can connect to.  Great if you need to catch a flight on Southwest and want to check in early to secure an A boarding pass.
3	I recently stayed at the Venetian for three nights.  This place is huge.  The lobby and casino are beautiful.  The pool is OK, needs less concrete and more vegetation.  Canyon Ranch spa is also huge but impersonal (see Qua Spa).   I was disappointed in the suite.  The rooms in the Venetian tower are large, but starting to show some wear from high use, the furniture is a little tacky.  I expected a better room for the money paid.  From what I hear the Venezia tower suites are much nicer.  Service was very good.SummaryCasino 4/5Hotel Room 3/5Pool 3/5Shopping 4/5Dining Selection 4/5Service 4/5Casino Luck 1/5
5	The best for your money!   Most luxurious rooms you could ever find are in this "all suite" hotel.   We stayed for four nights and enjoyed every moment.    Super clean rooms,  great choice of restaurants, shops galore.   You could wander around the hotel for hours and hours seeing everything.  Also this hotel is in a prime location on the strip,  you can just head out at any hour and walk to other hotspots along the strip.  I would definately stay again at this hotel.
5	Great place to stay. The rooms are incredible and it feels like you are getting a good deal. I stayed  there for a convention and it was quite good. All the facilities are excellent.
5	Great hotel and hotel room. When the family stayed here in the Summer of 2005, there was a $100 a night special because of the Las Vegas 100th year anniversary. The room itself was big, comfortable bed and nice robes in the closet. We got a view of the Strip, so that made the experience even more better. We ate at the Pinot Brasserie and I recall getting chicken and that was some pretty good chicken. Get the garlic french fries there! So good. The fries themselves taste exactly like McDonald's fries and the garlic gives it an extra kick. So good. With this great hotel, I would come here again and recommend to my friends.
5	I have been visiting Vegas regularly now since about 1986, back when I couldn't even get to stand in the casinos, never mind play.I've stayed at many, many places, ranging from Circus Circus as a child, all the way to the penthouse at Caesar's Palace or a massive suite at the now-gone Sheraton (yes, those last two were superb).I cannot say Venetian has the very best room ever, since that penthouse thing was quite amazing, but for the purposes of this review, I will stick to the basic room that each hotel is offering.  When staying within that range, there is NOTHING that compares to the Venetian Hotel.NOTHING, I assure you.From the minute you pull into the front of this hotel, you will FEEL the difference as your valet opens your door singing some Italan opera tune at the top of his lungs, or as your valet in his red/white striped shirt takes your bags.  You enter the lobby and just stop for a second to take it all in.  Interior is amazing from the minute you walk in with ceiling as high as the sky - paintings/murals that make you gasp, and floors that sparkle and really make you feel "You're in Vegas, baby."  All of their rooms are "suites" and are about 700+ sq ft in size.  You won't find anything of this size avaialble at other hotels without requiring twice the money you're paying here.  Is it expensive?  Uh... yeah, if you don't gamble heavily, and you need to pay for your room, it will range about $350+ per night, if not up to $399 per night when busy, but if you are anything like me and really enjoy a good hotel experience, it's worth every cent.  The way to do the Venetian best, though, is to gamble here, and have your own casino host to comp your room/meals, etc.  Granted, going this route can end up costing a helluva lot MORE than $350 so you might consider just paying for it if gambling is not one of your talents.  The casino hosts here really take care of you during your stay, and make sure every need of yours is met.  It's sort of like the service of being on a good cruise - - in the middle of the freakin' desert.Gambling.The casino is enormous.  Prepare to get lost your first 70 times or so.  I still have trouble finding the elevators at 6 AM after gambling and partying and I've been here more than most people I know.  Venetian's comp policy is a bit higher than other casino's at $70/bet for a minimum of four hours per day.  If you can afford that, though -  gamble here.  Great dealers, super funny pit bosses who know you by name and always greet you and something to entertain everyone.  Good ventilation - smoke is never a problem.The Venetian does not have a buffet, as of yet anyhow.  So if you're in Vegas for cheap food that you can eat to the point of gluttony - - this may not be the place for you.  In fact, I'm told they deliberately left out a buffet to keep people like you out.  :-)  Their idea, not mine.  In any case, what they do have available are some of the finest dining establishments ever - and ample choices of cuisines.  They have plenty of restaurants on their main level, but many more also on their shopping terraza on the second floor.  Superb Dining.  Excellent Dim Sum.  Zeffirino's - amazing.24 hour room service is available but it's costly.  I am in constant argument with the room service staff about the meek coffee they deliver.  Now I am not one to mind paying $15 for a pot of coffee, but give me something I won't call "black water".  I mean, I ordered it to wake up - not fall back asleep.  I realize they want me downstairs wasting money instead of hanging out in my room drinking coffee, but geez - I have to wake up to do it - and the quicker I am conscious, the faster I will get down there to blow my money, no?That is perhaps my only complaint about the Venetian.  Otherwise, the rooms are fabulous, huge, and the bathrooms are about as big as any hotel room you'd find in NYC, all marble, a shower that will wash your worries away, and a jacuzzi tub that makes you forget you just lost $____________ downstairs.  Who cares when you feel this good, eh?For a true-to-style Vegas experience, I would definitely recommend checking into the Venetian.  While not the most economical way to go - it truly adds to your Vegas trip in every way.  Location is also perfectly centralized, with easy access to anything you might want to see.  I hate walking in the Vegas heat, so I usually cab it to anything, including a ride across the street to the Mirage Hotel.  While cabbies will look at you strange when you ask to be driven across the street - - you offer a good sum of money and they'll slam on the gas and get you there WAY before your friends arrive there 20 minutes later, dripping in sweat.  The extra you just paid the cabby is simply money you didn't lose at the tables instead.  This is, afterall, LAS VEGAS!I'll be there this Easter Weekend!
5	They upgraded us to a suite for free for no apparent reason.  Maybe they saw us looking like poor college students and felt sorry for us.  Awesome!
4	HUGE rooms! Great place to stay because there is a mall attached to the hotel too.  It's can't say it's the best room I have stayed at on the strip but it is a really big room.  I don't know if for the same amount of we would stay here again because there are a couple more hotels around that I like better.
4	I've stayed here a few times when I've been crashing with friends who were in town and I've stopped in for shows, dinner and to look around. First of all, the place is gorgeous.  It's just stunning.  From the marble work of the floors in the expansive lobby to the gondoliers in the Canal Shoppes, it's beautiful.  The rooms are just gigantic as far as regular ol' hotel rooms go.  There's a living area on a level below where the bed is with couches and other seating, free wifi for the working traveler, and the bathrooms are HUGE.  Two women got ready in one at the same time with no problem.Yeah, I know.  Crazy.The only thing that detracts from this place is that I can't ever seem to find my way around with any ease, and I have a pretty keen hotel/casino internal radar.  I always end up wandering in circles or asking someone where I need to go.  This may be what you want when someone's on the casino floor, but not when they're simply trying to find the theatre.
4	i love this hotel.  its first class all the way.  the pool area is the place to be during a warm summer day.  the layouts of the room are functionally pleasing. also, the shopping mall makes it conveniently easy for me to spend the money i just won.  so yes, i'd definitely stay here again.
4	I got a suite on a Friday, and damn it was HUGE. I love the Venetian because of its Italian-esque features. Gondola, oh oh and who wouldn't miss the front view of it. Very nice. Grand. Pools are okay though, it's not what I've expected of it. I guess Mandalay and Ceasar's still get the better reviews for the swimming pools.Laslty, who doesn't love the separate living room?!
5	I love this hotel. It has everything! Their suite can accomodate a room full of drunk guys and then some! We never left the hotel...
5	My first time in Vegas I stayed at the Venetian--it will be hard to top. This hotel is beautiful, inside and outside. The rooms, as everyone has mentioned, are huge and perfect for big groups. The lobby is gorgeous. The restaurants are great, either for lunch or a late-night snack (I think there is one place in the hotel that is open all night). The casino is like a maze, which is smart on their part--if I can't find my way out, I might as well gamble more! The canals and gondolas are amazing...just like Venice but without the smell. I loved the pools too, especially the smaller one that has a more Italian look to it. It also has the largest hot tub I have ever seen in my life.The staff is very helpful and brought us everything we needed (I forgot my toothbrush--oops), plus carried our luggage (girls pack way too much for Vegas). I guess that's pretty standard hotel service, but it added to the great experience for sure.It's a very classy place, but not so classy that you feel bad getting drunk and stumbling around. It's a bit expensive, but we found a good deal online, so keep your eyes peeled for those.Just writing this review is making me want to go back...
4	gelato and jimmy choos just steps away from each other. gotta love it.
4	This place houses some really nice restaurants like Mesa Grill, B&B, and Bouchon.  I'm a cheap gambler but decided to risk losing $5 here at the slots...I wound up winning $25!
5	Tamar N. got married......and the best part is we all got to go Vegas for the wedding - and the even better part was we got to stay at the Venetian. Back years ago on my trips to Vegas I stayed at the cheapest hotels because frankly we wanted to spend our money on other things more important to us than a luxurious room - i.e. alcohol, gambling, and nightclubs. Now I am spoiled. The Venetian is the most luxurious vegas hotel I have stayed at and now I just can't imagine Vegas without staying here. The suites are gorgeous. Huge bathrooms with seperate shower stalls, the beds have partial canopies, and there are 2 tvs with lots of good stations -- including a party music feature where you can choose between 80s rock and 70s disco. I know Vegas is supposed to be about what happens outside your hotel room but staying here we really didn't want to leave.
5	Definitely an awesome hotel.  I love stealing stuff from hotels. Once I stole two terrycloth bath robes from a room at the Venetian. What's worse is that I was with my mom. She stole one too. Then we started to get paranoid that maybe they would notice they were gone from the room.  So we went out to the housekeeper's cart and took three robes off the cart and put them in the room.  Then we started to get paranoid that they had hidden cameras in the hallway and were going to add the price of the robes to our room bill.  So we figured out a way to smuggle the stolen ones out without being seen.  You'll get a lot more value for your money if you can manage to swipe two or three robes and enough towels to make a complete bath set. The gold accent bands on the towels complement my bathroom very nicely.  oh, I liked how the room had a terraced layout, stepping down to the lounge.
5	We stayed at a suite that I could seriously live in and be very happy, it had not only one but TWO TVs!  The bathroom had a huge bathtub that  was right next to the shower which had clear doors (you can have a lot of fun here and not even leave the room!) Normally I hate using the shampoo/conditioner from hotels because they always leave my hair a mess but here they had Bath Body works citrus shampoo that left my hair smelling and looking nice. I love this place!
4	Okay. It's not Venice, that's true. But it's a modern-day version of Venice without the sinking buildings, the cracked walls, or the floating garbage. Perhaps it is the historical feel, the soon-to-be-gone concept of Venice that makes it romantic, of which the Venetian falls a bit short.The rooms are spectacular. Of all the hotels I've stayed at on the Strip (and that includes most), this is one of the best. I appreciate the concept that every room is a suite and that every suite has the same "basic" amenities at the very least. Marble floors, granite countertops, separate bath and shower stalls, separate toilets (am I a fan of bathrooms or what?), semi-ornate furniture, sunken living room. Then comes the amenities of the actual hotel--beautiful swimming pool, Grand Lux (on par with Cheesecake Factory in ambience but infinitely better in quality and quantity of food). But I have to admit I have yet to try their buffet--I know, sacrilege. I keep going back to the buffets offered at Bellagio, Paris, and Wynn.All in all, this is a great place to stay. The only downside is that there isn't much else to do there besides stay there, gamble there, eat there, and swim there. There aren't any to-die-for clubs, shops, or high-end restaurants. That is the only reason I gave it a 4, if I could I'd give it a 4.859...just a nose hair away!!!
3	This was my reading for Ocean's Eleven. Sadly, Clooney got the part...as Danny Ocean...and different lines too:Rusty: You'd need at least a dozen guys doing a combination of cons. Scott Ocean: Like what, do you think?Rusty: Off the top of my head, I'd say you're looking at a Boeski, a Jim Brown, a Miss Daisy, two Jethros and a Leon Spinks, not to mention the biggest Ella Fitzgerald ever! Scott Ocean: Have you checked out The Venetian? Rusty: Didn't they name the new Pope at The Venetian?Scott Ocean: Ha ha. Maybe. You would think so from just looking at it. "Kitch" is not really my architectural style...but I'm sure there's plenty of cash in the vault.Rusty: You think we can make it out of there?Scott Ocean: Easy. We'll disguise ourselves as gondoliers and row like hell through the canal. There are so many tourists walking around, they'll think we're shooting a chase scene from "The Italian Job 2."Rusty: You probably look good dressed in black and white stripes with a pole in your hand. Scott Ocean: Yeah, yeah. I already booked us in a cavernous luxury suite on the 20th floor of the new tower. We have a great view of their spectacular main pool and bikini-clad women.Rusty: Nice.Scott Ocean: I already mapped out where Linus and Yen will be waiting for us. Rusty: Do they have Nacho flavored Doritos in the mini-bar?Scott Ocean: What? You won't need to break into the mini-bar this time my friend. The hotel is littered with celeb-chef restaurants from Mario Batali, David Burke, Thomas Keller, and Wolfgang Puck.Rusty: Get the Puck outta here! Ol' Wolfgang?Scott Ocean: Yeah. I never did get to try Postrio. Or Burke. But I did eat at B&B, Bouchon, and Tao. The dining experience helped me take my mind off th Venetian Disneyland. You must try the calamari and grilled lamb chop with eggplant at B&B. Rusty, I even think you may even like the lamb's brains.
4	I just stayed four days at the Venetian. I was in the newly renovated tower on the 27th floor. My room had a good view of the strip and Treasure Island hotel. The room, with king sized bed, was large and had a sunken sitting room. There was a large L shaped couch, three flat screen tvs, and a separate shower and large sunken bath tub. There are four pools of various sizes and a great gym/health club. It's $35 per day for the gym per day. Pricey, but worth it if you spend a few hours in the gym. There are a large variety of restaurants for a varying price range on the hotel property. Pros: Central location on the strip, large variety of restaurants, and free parking.Cons: No wireless in the rooms (free wireless near the pools and lobby).
5	After returning from the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills, I then jumped back on a plane and headed to Las Vegas for a nice summer vacation with some close friends.  I could never imagine that another hotel would live up to my last experience in Los Angeles, but The Venetian in Las Vegas did exactly that!  I had such a fantastic time at The Venetian...it really is a world unto itself and you could actually live inside the hotel and never have to leave.  Everything you need is right at your fingertips.The staff and service is really spectacular.  The rooms are amazing...they are all suites, with a separate sitting room area in a sunken living room.  The pool areas are great...the pool in the Venezia Tower is much smaller, but very quiet, lush and private.  My friend and I had no reason to ever leave the pool area.  Drinks were brought to us (try the Miami Vice drink, which is a mix of Pina Colada and Strawberry Daiquiri).  There is a larger pool area on the fourth floor of the main hotel tower, with a number of pools (including a shallow one that you can put your lounge chair into and sit in the water), a restaurant, and Tao Beach, a daytime spin-off of The Venetian's famous nightclub.  The casino is spacious, the indoor shopping center is amazing, especially with the canals and gondolas running right through it, and the restaurants are all really spectacular.  Be sure to make a reservation at Zefferino's and sit at one of the tables overlooking the indoor canals.  If you get a chance, get tickets to see The Phantom of the Opera, which is a slightly shortened 90-minute (intermission-less) version of the famous Andrew Lloyd Weber Broadway play.  I really enjoyed my time at The Venetian Hotel!  My friends and I were very sad to leave Vegas.
5	After the debacle that was Hooters Hotel and Casino, it was so nice to know waiting for me was the Venetian Prima Suite on the 36th floor!  What a beautiful hotel and better yet an absolutely beautiful hotel room.  Soaring Ceilings and large picture windows accentuate this 1500 square foot gem overlooking the las vegas strip.   This suite comes with a luxurious 200 square foot bathroom with jacuzzi tub and dual head shower.........blah, blah, blahOkay enough of the late night, real estate channel sales tactics.  At the end of the day, it was a nice, clean, hotel.  I'm not a gambler as I mentioned in other reviews, but I did drop a couple of hundred in a matter of minutes.  I guess they have to pay for it somehow!  Still love it though!!A quick tip: Unless you want to pay out the ass, reserve this suite a couple of months in advance and it will cost about half of what it is if you wait.
5	Probably the most expensive place I've ever stayed in Vegas.  September 2006 for my Birthday over Labor Day Weekend was stupendous.  The room was wonderful and all 5 of us had plenty of room to spread out.  Staff was uber helpful and it made my 4 night stay SO much fun.  Price was a little high,  but can be much better if you wait for specials or don't go over holiday weekends.   Would definitely stay again.
5	This is my FAVORITE overall hotel in Vegas.  I haven't had the pleasure of staying at the hotel for several years now, but the experience is everlasting and memorable.  Your standard room is split level with an enormous bathroom equipped with double sinks, a separate vanity, separate shower and over-sized bathtub.  Your bedroom area is closest to the entrance with an armoire and closet and either two queen beds or a king.  Walk down two steps and you are in the sitting area with it's own television and sitting area.  I still am not quite sure how you would be able to watch something in the bedroom area while someone watched something different in the sitting area (it's still close enough to each other that you can hear both TVs), but that was never really an issue on any visit.I love the entry to the hotel.  The M.C. Escher-esque floor tiles, the ornate ceilings, everything.  The casino area is great as well as are the shops and the fabulous selection of restaurants ranging from casual Grand Lux Cafe to a fancy steakhouse, seafood restaurant, Italian restaurants, french restaurants...  We ate all but one meal in the Venetian on our last visit.They are also connected to the Sand's Convention Center which proves extremely convenient if you are there for a convention at the Sand's.  If you go to Vegas during CES (Consumer Electronics Show), it is usually accompanied by the Adult Entertainment Convention coupled with the AVN Awards.  I've never seen so many old men in brightly colored alligator jackets and no shirt underneath with women with boobs the size of basketballs hanging on their arms all in one place at the same time.And to compliment my true uber dork generic convention uniform (polo shirt with company logo embroidered on it somewhere with the convention dog tag hanging around your neck with some company's logo imprinted all over the necklace), the Adult Entertainment show had similar attire, but their logos were for adult entertainment related companies - however, if you didn't look closely, you never would have realized that they weren't there for CES.  But I digress.  Overall, this is one fantastic hotel and definitely my hotel of choice on visits to Sin City.
5	loved this hotel. loved the venezia tower and its cute lil pool. i loved our concierges.. they even sent up a plumber to fetch an earring that i dropped in the sink and were so kind about it.. everything's pretty much beautiful and everyones was so nice and helpful that i was amazed. room service is the bomb even tho it is a lil expensive but its a great experience and the food is not bad at all. i love the lil chocolates on my pillow. thisis just a great hotel/resort/casino and i didnt even think it was that expensive for what you're gettting.
5	This is by far my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Great value for the rooms and great views from the rooms. On top of all that, the rooms are perfect in size. I love vegas, and staying at the Venetian just makes my trip a lot more fun. Not only is it a great hotel, it is centrally located near everything. Just a few minutes drive away from everything and about 20 minute walk to where-ever you want to go depending on where you go. The shopping and gambling in the Venetian is high-class and comparable to many of the other high-end casinos. I will probably be staying at a different hotel the next time I go to Vegas, but you better believe that I will be visiting the Venetian while I'm there. Only reason why I'm staying at a different hotel, is because I like to experience every hotel in Vegas. Good Luck while in Vegas!
4	**Review of Poker Room only**  This was the second trip that I played in their poker room. I went back because it's huge, nice seats, good action (not too good though) and they give you all the red bull and grey goose you want.
5	I always thought that my favorite hotel was the Bellagio or the Hard Rock, but really the Venitian is the most amazing property in Las Vegas. If I didn't live here I would stay here if I was coming for recreation. There are so many amazing restaurants, shopping, theater, Guggenheim, things to do. The list really goes on and on and on. If you must leave your suite, walk across to the Mirage for a little change of scenery, but you don't really need to leave this place it is perfect!!!!
4	This maybe more of a tip than a review, but if you come here request to be in one of the renovated rooms if possible.  I stayed in a Piazza Suite (not yet renovated) and while the square footage is impressive, the decor is kind of dingy.  I love that there are two bathrooms, and the jacuzzi tub is great, along with a shower with one of those seats that can help in some extracurricular showering activites, good for a party of two or more.  and big enough too.  Probably best not to exceed a party of 4, normally sized individuals.  Plenty of closet space, I had a nice view of the pool and the rest of the strip.  The renovated suites have flat screen TV's and much nicer furniture, better color scheme as well.  If you get to check in through the VIP Lounge, it's nice, quite, no waiting, there are finger sandwiches and refreshing drinks.  Though I have it on good authority that the VIP Lounge generally is for the people who lose a lot of money.  The customer service at regular check in far exceeded the customer service I recieved in the VIP Lounge (I was upgraded by my boss...I didn't lose a lot of money), though I did enjoy the finger sandwiches and lemonade.  Terri is the best front desk agent there is.  Find her out front.
5	Massive shopping, awesome club and drop dead gorgeous decor.  I could spend hours in here.. oh wait. I did :-). Watching the sunset through their arches is the most romantic things I have seen ever.
5	man i hate vegas... i hadnt been in years... but i must admit... i just spent the weekend there for a bachelor party and had a F*ing brilliant time! and one of the big reasons was this hotel.two top floor suites across from each other were magnificent. all class. great view of the strip and the pool area, a wet bar, tvs everywhere, huge bedroom and bathrooms with hot tub and a shower built for a minimum of two people. for the price... this place cannot be beat. and when i come back to vegas im staying here and eating at bouchon.... which i regretfully missed out on this time around.
4	Some of the brighest and well-appointed rooms available. Very comfortable, tons of things to do and see, especially the gorgeous indoor shopping area that makes it seem like you're strolling in Venice under a gorgeously lit sky.Truly a draw in all respects, and a very good time for sure. The only problem is to decide what to do first, and where to dine with so many options!
5	When people ask me where to stay in Vegas, I always need to know details like how many people, what's the occasion, and what's your budget -- but the Venetian is almost always one of the top choices.  In order to make my review a little more helpful though, I'll add my "Best of Drew" winners at the end of this review.The Venetian is massive and a good blend of everything you might want in Vegas.  There are plenty of restaurants, a nice mall, a large casino, and one of the best locations in Vegas.If you are looking for a home base for a crazy party, then the Venetian is a great choice.  The rooms are large enough to accommodate a large number of people (if you want to cram), and the location is within walking distance of the hottest clubs in town: PURE, JET, Tryst, Tao (at the Venetian).If you want a nice, quiet weekend, then the Venetian is also a good choice.  There are plenty of restaurant choices, the best spa in town, lots stores to visit, and even museums.The Venetian is really the best overall resort in Vegas, and with the new Palazzo Resort being built next door, it will have even more to offer.PROS:- One of the most interesting and useful malls in Vegas.  While others might have higher-end brands, this is one where you can actually shop for that last-minute outfit.  I'd say that the Forum Shops at Caesar is the only other casino/mall that is better.- One of the largest (soon to be the largest) resorts - you have everything you could want in a resort.- The Canyon Ranch Spa is still the best spa in Vegas.  Not as exclusive as other resort spas, but much more professional.- All rooms are "suites" which really means that they are mostly large studios with a "living room".  But for a group on a budget, it's the best room in town where you can reasonably fit 6 people into a single room (2 queen beds and a pullout couch).- Great location in the heart of the Strip.  Across the street from the Mirage, connected to Treasure Island by a pedestrian bridge, walking distance to Caesars and the Wynn.  There is also a convenient rear entrance from Koval, which makes it especially easy to get to the airport.CONS:- Can be a little pricey for a couple - better suited for a group.- Not the most exciting resort for the younger crowd - geared more for families and older visitors.- Some of the rooms haven't kept pace with the newer resorts with the furnishings (e.g. flat-screen TVs).BEST OF DREW - Vegas-Style!- Best place to stay if price is no object: Four Seasons- Best place to stay for a bachelor party: Palms- Best place to stay for a bachelorette party: Venetian- Best pool area: Mandalay Bay- Best place for a couples getaway: THEhotel at Mandalay Bay
5	My wife and I had a great time at this hotel.  It is VERY expensive, but she was there for a conference and got a great rate that work picked up. I'm sure most of the details have been covered in many of the reviews, so I won't bother saying how good the staff is, how clean things were, how their standard room was the biggest I've ever stayed in, etc.I'll just tell you what I liked about it.- They have a Panda Express that serves beef and broccoli for breakfast.  That is money.- They have ridiculously hot girls serving drinks at the pool.  We're talking hot tats, and tops that practically be to fall off.  I got hammered.  By the way - Friday and Saturday are the days to look at the sillies at the pool.  Sunday is family day - be prepared for a lot of pasty white bloated mini-van owners.- They have a separate little toilet chamber in the rooms so you can pummel the porcelain while your wife or mistress brushes her teeth.  Yeeha for multitasking.- People get in fights at the taxi stand.  This is free, and is about as entertaining as the De La Hoya fight I saw at Mandalay Bay a few years ago.- You can make fun of the gay outfits that the gondoliers have to wear and they can't make fun of you.So yes - I would highly recommend this place and would definitely go back.
5	Wow.That what I thought when I first stepped into my "suite" at the Venetian.  What actually came out of my mouth was, "Waaahhh!  This place is hella awesome!" But in Cantonese and you really can't say "hella" in Cantonese.I was there for a big family gathering and I told the organizer to put me up in the most basic room they could find.  That "basic room" was probably three times the size of any other "basic room" I've ever stayed at in my life, Vegas or otherwise.This place was near perfect, if only the pillows were more comfortable and the TV's were HD flat screeens, then it would have been.   But I'm not complaining, I doubled my money at the casino.
3	I'm not going to lie, I wasn't thrilled with the Venetian.  Its confusing and crowded and full of children.  (Why do people bring young children to Vegas?)  Unlike other hotels the rooms are not sound proof so you can be woken up at 9am, just having gone to bed 2 hours earlier, by screaming children in a hallway.  (Why is this tolerated?  My parents never would have tolerated us yelling in a hotel hallway!)  The bed was extremely uncomfortable and the pillows were so flat and hard they could barely be considered pillows at all.  When I'm coming home at dawn I just want to be able to sink into a nice soft bed and drift asleep.  The check in process was great, we got pulled out of the line and checked in upstairs at the Concierge.  If the line is long you may want to try that...go through the elevators to Bouchon and go up to L, make a left and there is a concierge desk.  (We also checked out here)  Its definitely worth a shot.  The rooms are nice and large but they were lacking in some way I couldn't put my finger on.  Dare I say it was almost faux luxury?  Room service was quick and filling, it is definitely worth the price.  (Which wasn't that expensive, certainly not the most expensive I've seen.)  We did order a bucket of ice and champagne flutes that took an hour to get to us.  ($4 charge)  All the hotel staff we encountered were nice and helpful.  I probably would only stay here again if I got some amazing deal or I was going to an event there.
4	Pretty much the only place I like to stay while I am in Vegas. The new towers have more contemporary furnishings and don't smell like old lady...which is key. Price is par for the course... around $350 a night, but you can't beat the soundproofed walls and huge shower for two. Meow!
4	the venetian has certainly one of the nicest hotel rooms in the main strip.  this is more of a family oriented resort, and you'll see more families with kids than other resorts. shopping mall. check. restaurants. check. breakfast at bouchon. sipping martinis at tao. check.grand canal. check. blue man group. check.but, there's no refrigerator in the room (you can ask for it though).  and pools were not as good as other resorts i had been to. from the pool at the venetian tower, you can watch the construction of a new palazzo tower, which is situated between the venetian and the wynn.  the "garden" pool at the venezia tower is smaller, feels more intimate (surrounded by buildings) and provides more spots for shades. p.s. guggenheim museum is not worth your money or time. (the one in real venice in italy is though).
1	Venetian, you really let me down.Why book guests on a floor that is slated for renovations? Why rush guests out from the room for said renovation, so much so that you further lack the supposed customer service your hotel is supposedly know for? The hotel room was less then up to the standards for a hotel that would charge as much as this one did-the bathroom had a fine stench of urine. Did I mention that they were going to renovate the 5th floor, could this be why less than meticulous attention was paid to the room's maintenance?  From promptly 11 pm until 11 am the following morning, we were serenaded by the pounding, hammering and overall annoying sounds of renovations being made on the floor above. We were lucky if we got about 20 minutes of true sleep.Make a call to a "manager at the front desk" and  you are given a the phony assurance that all issues will be addressed. They assured me that they would speak to the construction mgr to quieten down, as working @ 3am is not conducive to rest. That doesn't happen. They assure me that they will credit the spa treatment that shows on the hotel bill. That doesn't happen. The offered to " allow us to have late check out" This doesn't happen, they neglect to share this change with from numerous people that call up to the room to complain that we needed to be checked out nor do they share this information with the numerous people that knock on the door to state that we need to get out of the room as they need to start renovations.They assure that they will offer a free nights stay for future use... how much do you want to bet that doesn't happen?! The only bright spot is when I contact Nan Wong, Concierge to get preboarding passes for Southwest and as she offered, it was waiting for me at the Concierge desk when I am forced to checked out.To those who want to stay at a high end hotel in Vegas, try the Bellagio!
5	This may have been the best hotel I walked through while in Vegas. The structure was gorgeous, they have gondola rides outside and madam toussauds is attached! So many of my favorite things. The actualy structure of the building is beautiful and tries to represent Venice as best as it can with the miles of casinos. If/when I go back to Vegas, I would love to stay here and give it a shot.
5	Just stayed here this past weekend with a bunch of girls and experienced the best accommodations ever for 7 girls.  The bathrooms are HUGE as are the suites.  No one was tripping over each other and there are plenty of mirrors for getting ready!Great hotel with a mall, indoor waterway, pools, nightclub, couldn't get any better!Definitely would stay here again!!
4	This is my favorite Las Vegas Hotel. The rooms are amazing -- a spacious suite with a glamorous and luxurious bathroom. The pools are fantastic. The service is always great. If you stay in the Venzica tower there is a great hospitality suite on the 12th floor. It is a well kept secret but worth trying to find it.
5	I love this hotel and things were great once we got there, but my girlfriend said that booking the hotel was a severe pain in the ass. The reservations people kept screwing things up and caused a lot of undue stress. Once we got there, the front desk person in the Venezia Tower made it all better and we loved her (and tipped her) for that. This tower has a great pool and delicious restaurant (Bouchon) for a nice brunch. We got upgraded to a larger suite and it was plenty of room for 5 girls to get ready for a night on the town! This hotel has good shopping as well and it's just beautiful inside! It didn't feel as crazy crowded here as it did at Paris.
3	Three stars because there were a few lights in our suite that weren't working, and on one of the nights, the fire alarm went off throughout the hotel around 3:30 AM! After I called the front desk to ask if we were in any danger, and if we should leave the premises, they were apologetic and responded that there was a glitch in the system that was being looked into. Well, the alarm continued for a good 20 minutes, and we had to be up by 7:00 AM for a tour. Ugh...bad night, and no further explanation from the front desk. Aside from that inicident and the lights, the rooms are nice and spacious, and the bathroom is great. Although, the floor can be slippery when it's wet, so be cautious. Anyway, thank goodness the suite was roomy because it was SO freaking hot when we went to Vegas that we spent a good majority kicking it in the room. Room service was wonderful, though. The servers were very friendly and did a great job of table set up and clean up, etc.
5	It is the Venetian ... the experience starts when you enter the hotel, with that fabulous lobby, and then goes up from there.  One of the real gems there, was the restaurant there off the lobby at the bottom of the escalator.  It is owned by CPK (dont judge it on that) and served awesome food.  One couple warned us to split something as the portions were huge.
3	There is ups and downs to every hotel experience with hundred of  issues that could come up between check in and check out. There were places the Venetian excels and places that they failed. We booked a piazzi suite with a view for $489 + tax a night over labor day weekend. There were a couple of us sharing the cost so it wasn't bad overall for 4 days +nights. When we arrive for check in, we waited about twenty minutes in line . That was normal and fairly fast. However, during check-in, the front desk agent informed us that the room we reserved three months in advance was not available. They would "upgrade" us to another suite for the same price. Believe me, it wasn't much of an upgrade. First off, instead of "a view", this bigger suite was on the third floor facing a concrete wall. We shrugged it off and said, "not a big deal, we're not going to be staying here 24/7." Some of us were expecting a view so that may take a few points off the whole vegas experience but it's not something we'd complain endlessly about. We phone guest service for two roll-in beds, which they did provide... between a four to five hour interval. The first bed came when we went to dinner and the second around 3 or 4 am, even though we phone in two/three hours ago. The roll in beds were nice and comfortable. After numerous calls to guest services, everything was finally settled. For the most part, we had a pretty good night... only to be woken up to loud drilling and construction noises occurring every two or three minutes for about 30 minutes. This is pretty bad. You don't go on vacation to hear drilling noises.  Note: I checked the jacuzzi tub in the suites and the jets didn't work.  Also, there were blood/dark stains on the bed spread.Nonetheless, not wanting to repack and move to another suite, we phone in the hotel that morning and asked if we could stay in this suite for the nights we booked. At that point, we were willing to just take in the minuses just so we don't have to pack, clean, reschedule our appointments and move. We got a confirmed yes so we assumed everything will be alright. After a long day out, I was about ready to go back and rest for a bit, until I found out that the room key given to us was deactivated. So, I limped back down stair, where we were told that the whole floor is slated to be demolish/cleared out later that weekend. They are willing to move us to upgrade us to another "suite", this time with a view. The latest we could stay was 11am the next morning. We had to locate everyone and inform them of the situation. Since we had plans later that evening, we didn't think anyone would be in the mood to pack at 11am. We didn't expect to get back till 3 or 4 am that night.  We decided to get it over with. It was around 7 or 8 pm.After talking to the agent, waiting for 20 minutes for them to come back, waving a manager over, talking to him for another 30 minutes and getting a compensation package for $100 off for each night (or so they "said"... apparently they wrote differently in their notes but we didn't find that out till we check out.. "surprise") and room service credits, we went back to pack. We called guest services 2 or 3 times, waited for an hour in the room for someone to come and move us to another suite.We told everyone about the supposedly $400 off for the full night and refunded ppl accordingly. So finally, at 10:30 pm, we were able to make it to our event. The jetted tub worked this time around and except for early housekeeping @ ~9:30AM, everything was fine.  The room was spacious and properly furnished. The foyer was beautiful, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was huge and they provide generous amounts of shampoo, bath gel/bubble bath and conditioner. Upon check out however, it appears that we were only taken off $100 per night for the three nights following the first and worst. Though yes, they did give us food and beverage credits and "$30 in slots", it was a bit annoying to hear that they didn't follow through what they said.  The manager was courteous though she said that the previous manager had been more than generous with the compensation, which I found rather irritating. Either keep your word as a hotel or you'll not get satisfied customers. Well, I guess you can think about it... loud drilling, blood/dark unknown stains, late services, 2 hours waiting times, packing, delaying our planned events, unpacking, loading, reloading, contacting everyone, wasting our time, refunding people and hence, reorganizing our finances. It made vacation seem like work. The staff was courteous but somehow, the hotel not keeping their word bugged me so much that I had to write this review. These things happen but that's the reason why compensation packages exist. You want happy customers. For $100, you get this one. Would I stay again? I'm still 50/50. beautiful hotel but crappy experience. Good compensation but didn't follow through.
5	I love The Venetian!  We stayed in the Venezia Tower.  That tower has it's own private check in.  We were in within a matter of 10 minutes.  The staff was super friendly and courteous.  This hotel has everything you need from gourmet cuisine to a food court.  Forget your heels?  Just go downstairs to the shops and buy a new pair.  The pools are plentiful!  My favorite was the kiddy pool, I know, sounds weird.  This pool feature lounge chairs inside the two feet of water.  Awesome!  If you feel like being trendier just head over to Tao Beach, where they have dj's, cabana's and beautiful people.  Everything was fabulous!
5	I got a phenomenal deal from corporate when I came here for 3 nights for a regional convention. For an executive suite, $200 a night! Can't beat that.The room was very pleasant. Beautiful bathroom covered in marble. Lower level living room with full entertainment and great view of the golf course. Large and spacious seating area with work desk.King sized bed and plush bedding. Comfortable and pleasantly firm mattress.Room service was the highlight though. haha. Aside from the bathroom which is my main focus in every hotel I go to, the room service was definitely worth writing home about. Sure the corned beef hash sucked, but everything else was amazing.Cobb saladChicken stripsOnion ringsGiant Belgian waffleSuper crispy baconStrawberries and creamYogurt parfaitI love food and I love hotels. I spent the entire summer living out of a suitcase hotel hopping and ordering room service. Beautiful hotel. Very ornate second lobby in the Venezia upstairs. Friendly and prompt service. Attentive staff.I would definitely come back and honestly, I prefer the Venetian over the Bellagio.
5	Heavenly beds!  all the rooms are suites with large lower level living room.  The two times that we had stayed at this hotel have always been wonderful. We also always get champagne, wine and fruits and cheeses as a welcome gift.  The hotel sure know how to pamper their guests.   The housekeeping staff always provide all the toiletries that you'll need.  Last Saturday, we asked for some plastic bags to keep our dirty clothes and not only did she give us plastics bags, she even gave us slippers to bring home!  (To Rick who reviewed Venetian with a note on bringing home the house robe: shame on you for stealing those robes. They are actually offered for sale!)
5	The rooms are huge...only suites.  The beds are comfy with nice bedding.  The casino itself is pretty, with excellent service.  The museum in the casino, is ok.  I wouldn't pay to go in the museum again, but I would definitely stay here again.
5	We played, we ate, we played some more, we shopped at some very expensively pricey digs, but overall we just wanted to look at what was inside the Venetian that made this place tick!Please take a peek at the pics I took again with my Nokia 6260 camera phone!BTW:  My Mom tried her very best to win all day at the Venetian slot machines, but I saw a Venetian, Filipina slot machine employee call on her radio to ZERO out all slot machines!  Therefore, I think the slot machines at the Venetian are rigged via a main-frame computer and fixed, so you do not win extra cash other than what money you put into the slot machines!
4	beautiful, clean, and roomy (esp the bathroom - perfect for a bunch of girls to get ready for a night out on the town). sleeps 6+ on beds (two queens + pull-out sofa bed); plus, the housekeeping is nice about bringing more towels/pillows/blankets/toiletries in the case that,  you *ahem* "accidentally" have more than 2 people sleeping in the room.perfect location for partying - tao beach and tao nightclub right there! - so you can preparty in the room then stumble to these hot spots.minus a star for poor design of the new wing... it's really difficult to find your room (it took us 15 minutes to get from the parking structure to our room even after we knew where we were going) and while it's beautiful, the hallways start to look the same after a while. also, there's security everywhere... some that require you to show a key to get to the rooms, so while safe, it's difficult to invite friends to hang out w/o going out to get 'em.
5	i've only stayed at the venetian once - and that was a fairly long time ago, not that long after it first opened. i remember loving the spacious rooms and the chocolate on the pillow. but that was a long time ago...and so i'm really not one to review this place based on the hotel rooms. since then, i've waltzed through the venitian here and there, but not really stopping to take anything in.last week, i spent a lot of quality time in the venetian because i had to attend a convention in the adjacent sands expo. during my down time, i walked around a lot. and i must say - this place is incredibly gorgeous. the details in the architecture, and the art on the ceilings is just amazing. i was totally blown away. so on the account of beauty - this place gets five stars. besides, the canal shoppes and the fact that i like the grand lux cafe makes it gain bonus points.
4	We had 2 suites. My bf and me and my best friend and her bf (also friends with my bf) shared 1 suite and our other friends were in the other. The suite was huge, the beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were grand. I loved the huge jacuzzi style tub, separate bathroom door, shower and vanity + the double sinks. I really liked the separate living room. I'd give Venetian 5 stars for the great view as well (floor to ceiling, wall to wall window overlooking the strip), but I think the cleaning ladies went through my bags... so I wasn't too happy about that.
5	I have not had a chance to be a guest at this hotel. However, I must admit that I was very impressed with its artwork. I was so impressed, as I was staring at the ceiling and trying to take a few snapshots, that I nearly missed the stairs. OOPS...that would have been awesome and embarrassing all at the same time. HAHA!! I loved their artwork and I would love to try their gondola rides. I hear that's a popular wedding spot =P Oh yeah, look for their chocolate dipped strawberry cart. Those are a treat. They even have fudge and other chocolate goodies. I'll have to update my review after I am able to stay there as a guest.
5	The Venetian Suites are heaven. I would rent out and live in the bathroom by itself, if I could, because it's the size of an average hotel room alone. The pools have nice atmosphere and you can order food poolside from the Canyon Ranch Spa cafe. Your inner geek can also enjoy WiFi from the pool. The staff was great. I love the Canyon Ranch Spa! Bouchon is wonderful for breakfast, and not too expensive.
4	I love the overall theme of the Venetian.  I'm tempted to give it only 3 stars in relation to the THEhotel at Mandalay Bay.  I've managed to stay here twice as my company has had its annual convention held in Vegas for the last 3 years.  This is the 157th review for Venetian, what else can be said?  The standard rooms are mini-suites, which is a nice change over the "standard" room (1 STAR).  The Venetian Suites are not as nice as THEhotel or the Red Rock, so if you have a choice pick elsewhere.
4	Love the Venetian.....perfect place to walk around with your significant other.....you can pretend that you're in Venice walking around & watching people on the Gondala.
5	I'm surprised anyone would give the Venetian anything less than 4 stars, but we are all entitled to our own opinions.  I found the hotel and the rooms to be superior and probably among the most comfortable I have ever stayed in.  Even the sofa was luxe and comfy.Some thoughts: * Yes, it's expensive and over-the-top, and I normally wouldn't stay here while in Vegas, but hey, it's Vegas.  * Tao Beach and the pools are a blast.* I love how staff here addresses me as "Mister" and kisses my ass like nowhere else.* If you have a chance to take the hotel's limo out for a whirl and charge it to your room, I highly recommend it.* I wasn't impressed with the generic toiletries (what? no name brand stuff?). I don't think I can add much to what's already been said other than to say I almost slipped and fell on the waxed and polished floors (which would have been biff number #2 of the weekend), so be careful.
4	Friends and colleagues rave about the suite-type rooms here. Yes, it's bigger than regular/standard rooms and ok, the bathrooms are spacious but I thought the fake gold over the fixtures and furnishings were a lil tacky. It's definitely a nice option and no doubt, the entire Venetian theme setting is grandeur at its best, again, it's Vegas and everything is possible, even a gondola ride!
5	I love this place. Probably because it's the first place I ever stayed at in Vegas, and probably because I was in a NICE ASS SUITE.I love the style and decor of this place.The staff is really helpful and I think it's got a great selection of restaurants and other misc shops to keep you entertained for your entire stay.
4	While in Vegas for work, I stayed in a suite at the Venetian.  I think there's something to be said for a hotel room with 2 tvs in one room!Let's start at the beginning, though.  I was staying with someone else from my company and we had varying arrival dates.  Because my roommate and I didn't check in together, they canceled my reservation and marked me as a "no show"  which caused some problems when I tried to check in.  I agree that the layout of the venetian is a little strange.  It took 10 minutes of wandering around the casino for me to figure out where the  elevators were.  The room was spacious.  There was a nice sitting room with a table and a large flat screen.  There was also a dvd player which I really appreciated.  Up a few stairs was the sleeping area with another large flat screen.  And then, there was a flat screen in the all-marble bathroom.  Oh!  And I love that the blinds were remote-controlled...It was very lavish.  Couple of things:my sheets were ripped 2 of the 3 nights I stayed (but I was too tired to complain about it)they will come and scrub out the shower and bathtub if you request it (I didn't, but my roommate did)they will actually call to wake you up in the morning and I appreciate that they use your name
5	I just LOVE this place.  I usually stay here every time I go to Vegas.  They recently remodeled their suites.  Now it has 3 flat screen tvs.  One in front of the bed, one in the living room and another one in the bathroom.  It also now has remote control shades and curtains.  The Venetian staff has the same courtesy they've always had.  The Venezia towers are equally as great as the Venetian Suites.  Sometimes I don't need to leave this hotel.  You have Tao, in which you may bypass the LONG lines if you tell them you are staying at the Venetian (just show your keycard).  There's also V-Bar, if you want a more low key type of place w/o the massive crowds of Tao.  There are many restaurants as well, Aquaknox, Delmonicos, Grand Lux and Noodle Asia...just to name a few.
4	For some reason I'm always inclined to stay at the Venetian.  Even though other places tempt me, we return because of the memories of being pampered, and the inspired customer service that really lets us think they care.  I would give five stars but I feel that they should do a better job rewarding returning guests.  We have given them a lot of business, as well as referrals of friends who've stayed and spent here, but I don't feel it somehow.  I love the pools, the gondolas, the restaurants (see my Noodle review).  Maybe it's just wishful thinking but I honestly do get an Italian vibe when we stay here!
5	Yea, it's Vegas.  But if you must be in Vegas, this is really the only place I think I would like to stay.  It was opulent, almost "classy" (for Vegas, that is saying something), the service was amazing and I love the room.  One of the nicest I have ever stayed in.  I think I would like to write a separate review on my breakfast at Bouchon because it was close to perfect as well and they deserve some words of their own. Oh, and have a mojito by the pool!  The waitress was very nice and the drink was incredible.
5	The Venetian Hotel gets 5 stars no doubt about it!I have only been to Vegas 1 time in my life but stayed at the Venetian a whole week. I went to all the other resorts but nothing inspires me like the Venetian. Once you go Venetian there's no other way to go. The Venetian is the place to take your significant other!  Its one of the most romantic hotels in Vegas.Yeah, every thing is pricey at the venetian.  I bought a single gillette razor in one of the stores downstairs and it cost $20 but so what!Insipiration and the art are worth it!The Venetian just inspires me in every way. The Venetian lobby is just jaw dropping. It's architecture and ceilings are an absolute architectural masterpiece.The suites are so nice that you don't even want to leave. The view of Vegas from the suite i stayed in was unreal! The tvs in the regular suite are not plasma or lcds but who cares there are 2 of them and its not like you came to vegas to watch ER. The mall located inside the Venetian is so nice. It has so many nice stores for the shopper in your life!  The coolest thing about the mall is the square with a cool looking sky mural that looks like the real sky. It looks so real!! almost holographic!They sell the coolest tasting Gelato in the square! Next time I go to Vegas i'm staying at the Venetian. Yeah i really want to try the other resorts just to see what's they are like but why should i. Could they possibly be better than venetian? doubt it. A hotel can't get better.Oh yeah I almost forgot. One of the coolest clubs in Vegas the Tao night club is located inside the Venetian. I always heard about the Tao on tv and how many celebrities party at the Tao. Its a cool place, unfortunately when I was there i didn't run into any. The casino inside Venetian is also pretty cool. They have all the games! Good times!If it's your first time in Vegas and want to make it memorable, i recommend this place!
5	i have stayed here a couple times and have never been disappointed.  they have upgraded the tvs to flat screens since the last time i came, and the beds are super comfy.  the bathroom is large w/ a nice big tub.  there are tons of restaurants and shops and also a coffee bean, so i can't complain!if you get comped rooms, you get to relax in the vip lounge before going up to your room, and they provide you w/ sandwiches, cheese, fruit, and drinks.  what service!
5	I will say this first:  If you ever find yourself sick at a convention in Las Vegas, hope that your hotel room is in The Venetian.My organization's annual convention was in Las Vegas, and most of our activity centered in The Venetian.  I was lucky enough to have a hotel room here too.  This was quite possibly one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in.  It was huge, with a separate "sunken" living room complete with a couch that could seat 6-8 people comfortably.  There was also a huge flat screen TV.  In the "bedroom," I scored a king size bed that was comfortable, with cozy linens.  Another flat screen TV hung on the wall so I could watch from bed.  The bathroom was marbelous (yes, I meant marbelous) splendor with a soaking tub and separate shower.  One more flat screen TV in the bathroom completed a trio for the room.All in all, this room itself made for an exceptional stay.  Being sick for a good portion of my time in Vegas, I really appreciated the comfort that the room provided.  However, I haven't even mentioned the amenities or the staff.  Both which were top notch.  I was greeted by every staff member I passed.  Often, I was asked how my day was or how my stay has been.  The amenties were plentiful and the pool was fabulous.  Wish I had the time to take advantage of that, but I was working.  Check in and check out were both a pleasant process - quick and efficient.I'm not a huge gambler, but the casino was clean and bright, and if people were smoking, you sure couldn't tell.  Then, there's the shopping and dining.  The Venetian boasts all kinds of high end shops and world reknowned restaurants.  If you don't lose your wallet in the casino, there's a good chance you'll lose it in one of these establishments instead!My only complaint is that there isn't access to any kind of drug store for necessities.  Sure they had the little stand selling asprin for $4.49 for one of those little packets, but if one has the need for a full service drug store, they're walking to the Walgreens - 25 minutes down the strip.  All in all though, I would highly recommend the Venetian for a stay in Las Vegas.  I know I will be back.
5	early 2005, i had a part time job at a porn company. and as luck would have it, we were nominated for best retail website. and lucky for me, i got to go and work the convention and enjoy the fruits of my labor. but besides all that, we stayed at the venetian, beautiful room, beautiful view, amazing food. the night of the AVNs our company won and we celebrated by co-renting out an entire bar in the hotel along with another porn company. i cant remember too much after that, but i remember waking up in a nice soft bed and being very happy.
4	At first, this place seems absurdly vulgar, but it's hard not to warm to the sheer scale of the folly. You can walk along the Grand Canal...indoors...with shopping! And end at St Mark's Square....except they forgot St Mark's Cathedral! I guess they don't need such things in Sin City. The Doge's Palace has become a shopping mall and the Lion of Venice stands proud over the neon signs. Altogether cheerfully nonsensical, but at least the canals don't stink as they do in the original!Otherwise, this is a nice, high-end, all-suites Vegas hotel. Expensive shops, fancy canal-side cafes and superior restaurants. New York's own Mario Batali has moved in with two places, the casual Enoteca San Marco and the impressive B&B Ristorante.Of all the Disneyesque hotel-versions of the world's great cities, this is best.
4	I am a frequent visitor to Las Vegas (about once a month).  It's not that I am a big gambler, but combined gambling (using my player's card) from my family has allowed me to get free comps here at The Venetian and all of Harrahs' Hotels (Caesar's, Paris, Rio, Flamingo, Bally's, and Harrahs').  If you visit Vegas often, you must get a player's card.  Money played at the slots do get more 'points' than table games. You will receive discounted hotel rate and promotional events (which often include free hotel stay).  Of course, the more you play, the more promo/discount you get.  I have not had to pay for any hotel stay in the last 4 years.  The staffs at The Venetian are very polite.  However, there were a few times I got there around midnight (left after work on Friday) and got a handicap room or 'back-up' room (often on the 3rd or 4th floor of the Venetian Suite which is kind of run-down and I hate it.  This is why I am giving 4-star and not 5) because they were completely sold out.  I don't understand because I had reservation.  There were still people at the check in line.  I asked if everyone still in line was going to get the 'backup room' , and the counter girl said 'Yes'.  I find that hard to believe.  I can only imagine I got the backup room because it was comp!!!  They do manage to switch me the next day but it was a big inconvenience and made the whole experience less pleasant.  After 3 trips like this, I knew better to check in earlier.  I like The Venetian because each room is a suite with a sunken living room.  A room with king canopy-draped bed is about 650 sq. ft., and with 2 queens is about 700 sq. ft.  They used to have a sofa sleeper which is a full size, so it could accommodate up to 6 people in a room.  They have begun renovating their suites now and replaced the sofa bed with modern sofa and plasma TV's (3 TV's, one for bedroom side, one for the living room side, and one in the bathroom!).  So 5 people is the max for the room now.  But keep in mind, their policy is 4 people per room, so be discreet about it if there are more than 4 of you staying in the same room.  The marble bathroom is equipped with 2 sinks, a bathtub with separate shower room, and a vanity table with mirror and bench.  I've stayed at both the Venetian Suite and Venezia Suite.  Venesia is a newer tower with more modern decor.  But like I said, they are renovating so more modern furnitures are replacing the older rooms.  I prefer to stay at the Venetian Suite because it's closer to the casino and easier to get in and out.  They are adding a new tower to the hotel.  Supposedly it's for the high rollers.   There are many restaurants to choose from and the Grand Canal Shops offer just about any name brand you ever could want.  If you are in a romantic mood, hop on one of those gondola rides and enjoy a little Venice.  It's indoor, but they painted the ceilings with floating sky with clouds so it feels like day time outdoor.  I am sure it's designed to keep you there 24/7.  The Tao night club is crazy.  I see lines out the door all the time.  I am not a club-goer so I wouldn't know how it is.  I'd think it's probably pretty nice to attract so many people all the time.  What I have observed is that through the years, the patrons seem to get younger and younger.  I don't know where they get the money to stay here or play here, but they got the money!   The hotel is beautiful, rated AAA 5-diamond, so even if you don't stay here, I'd still recommend you come visit.  I love Vegas because you get to experience the best in life.  Some of the best shows, best restaurants, and best hotels are all here in your reach!!!
4	Excellent hotel if you stay inside your room but beware of the smoke and the smells /chemicals they put in the air to get rid of the smoke. The suite we stayed in had 3 flat screen tv's, even one in the bathroom and was the size of a nice studio apartment. Robes, slippers, full bath tub, separate shower, and marble counters make this an indulgent choice. Just beware of the smoke!
4	So...I finally went to Vegas!!!  Although it wasn't the sinful party trip I had always imagined...I actually was sent for work.  Instead of drinking martinis at LAX or whatever, I was working 16 hour days for a conference at the Venetian.  Still, the misery of working 16 hour days on very little sleep was diminished by the luxory of my room...the Venetian is an "all-suite hotel", so even standard ROH rooms are pretty damn nice.  Although I spent all of 4 hours a night at best in the room, it was fabulously decadent.  There were THREE flat screen tvs in my suite alone, one in the bathroom.  As for the hotel itself...well, even though it is very NICE, there is still something cheesy about the Italian theme.  But I guess its Vegas.  Oh, and the Venetian casino is where I was introduced to my favorite new thing, WHEEL OF FORTUNE!!!
5	niiice.yes, it's expensive-- you get what you paid for!
3	We finally did go to Vegas and stayed at The Venetian. I wanted to stay in a 5 diamond resort for once. We are expecting so I wanted to pamper my wife a little. The good things about the hotel and they are many - Decor is beautiful and the theme is very nice. It is an all-suite hotel and we got a free upgrade to a strip view room. Although they called it a strip view room, it was not too much of a strip view. We could see the mirage, TI, Trump and the Pallazzo. We had a very good view of the pool of the venetian. The Canal shoppes had one of the best prices I have seen for a lot of stores. We dined at a Canal side restaurant and found the ambience to be fantastic. Valet parking is free for all hotel guests - ofcourse the tip but its luxurious :). Few of the bad things - We wanted to buy a few hotel toileteries and there was not a single place which sold them. You have to order it through housekeeping and it takes about 7 days to arrive at the hotel. One of the other stinks  - pun intended - There was no exhaust in the bathroom and the WC section. The mirrors got completely fogged up if even one door to the bath was closed.
2	My recent stay at the Venetian is such a disappointment.On the day we checked in, we were sent to three different rooms before we settled.  The room we finally settled with had a broken phone, and a blocked toilet.  We had some friends also stay at the Venetian, but they were in the Venezia tower.  It was extremely confusing to get to their room.  They got several sets of elevators, the signs were somewhat useless.The valet parking, for hotel guests only, is located on the second floor of the garage; again, very confusing driving route.  The main valet parking is only reserved for hotel registration.  The next day, when we returned to our room for a short break at 4:30PM, the entire hallways were lined up with laundry bags full of linens.  The door leads to the service elevators is always open!  Very unpleasant sight!  Players club closed at night, so plan ahead.They remodeled their rooms with Plasma TVs and electrical curtains.  1 more star for them.But 5 stars hotel!?  Sorry, Venetian, that's it for me.
5	For New Years 08 we decided to go to Vegas and what better place to stay than at the Venetian?  We had a group of 11 and we got 2 suites.  Each room has two queen size beds and a pullout sofa bed.  Like everyone said there are 3 flat screen TV's in the room, including one in the bathroom.  They even give you two robes and slippers.  It should've been $599/night for the holiday rate but luckily we got the discounted travel agent rate.I love how the grand canal shops are attached to the casino.  It makes it so convenient to go shopping.  I wanted to try the gondola rides but there's always such a long line.  Plus there are so many great restaurants here.Clubs were so expensive for New Years eve...Tao was $250/person!  So we just partied in our rooms with our own bar.  After a lot of Patron tequila shots, we somehow made it outside for the countdown.  I don't remember much after that except passing out on the bed.  Luckily there were pictures to help remind me of what happened =P
5	Venetian is hip, yet chill. Its not the real Venice, but it has a nice reproduced feel. It has water, gondolas, singing, shops, the Tao and good shows. I am a local at the moment and have been to lots of casinos in the past month. I still have not been to the Wynn.Here are my rankings thus far:1. Venetian - has a nice feel to it2. Mandalay Bay - big and open spaces3. Wynn - business brooks brother-ish4. Caesars - cool shops5. Palm - cool for the club scene 6. Bellagio - nice lobby7. MGM - lions!....the others
5	This hotel rocked. They gave us a plush room with 3 tvs, huge tub, view of the city and a step-down living room. We went during the off-season and it was half price. The only downer were the over-priced places to eat. I didnt like waiting in line to spend 20 bucks on a meal. Nex time, I am packing a cooler with lots of my own food. But I will be back!
4	So -- as I go into my "to review" bookmarks -- WHAM there's a Venetian Ad -- How COOL of you Venetian to advertise on yelp.Okay -- so I feel guilty now for giving 4 stars instead of five... Overall -- the stay was wonderful. There were SIX of us crammed into one room (new year's...) but still, the room was big enough to accommodate all of us comfortably. The only pain was waiting for a bathroom -- but the shower area/vanity/sinks area was seperate from the toilet... so if you were primping, someone could use the toilet...  (and note to self... gay guys take longer than girls to get ready.... go figure...) Okay -- so plusses about the bathroom -- other than the toilet/getting ready area... huge tub. huge. glass shower (no lock on the bathroom door.. be with trusting friends or a significant other.) with the BEST shower head and two nozzles that spray your lower back area... hiiii heaven.  Also... a vanity area with a really good makeup mirror, which is always nice to have!Our room was in the Venezia tower -- which, quite frankly, is the Bermuda Triangle. It's nearly impossible to get to... and once you get there, the rooms are even tougher to find. I was schlepping two-week's worth of luggage for what seemed like MILES to get to our room. The casino is nice... got addicted to rapid roulette. Table games were way expensive because it was NYE. But it's always fun seeing someone win/lose thousands of dollars on one hand at the high-limit tables. The poker room is actually very nice as well. If you want to eat -- grand luxe is the easiest... but not necessarily the fastest... we spent 2 hours there for breakfast... (I guess this should be a seperate review...)The food court in the shops area is maybe the fastest way to eat --  but it's quite a haul to get there. Bonus -- TWO coffee beans... but actually, the coffee place in the casino had some AMAZING coffee and the best pain au chocolat I've had since I was in France.Didn't see the pools or the spa -- too freakin cold and too busy gambling... Of COURSE I would stay at the Venetian again.. the price tag is always a bit hefty compared to other places on the strip... but if you're spending any time at all in your room/hotel it may be worth it!
3	I'm glad others had such a nice time while at the Venetian...... after 2 visits I can't say I'd stay there again unless I got a killer deal. 2/2 service/bag handling/front desk was AWFUL. 5 hours to get bags, couldn't get into our room until 7 PM, air conditioning not working (took 2 days to fix.. turns out the water cooler inside was just turned off), etc, etc. Front desk was incredibly rude and hard to deal with over any problems we had. I've stayed at nearly every hotel in vegas and I can honestly say this place is the worst as far as services goes. I can say the rooms are incredible and I love eating at Bouchon. I'll stick to Wynn next time I want to stay somewhere nice.
4	I think my family spoiled my by making this the first hotel for me to stay at after I turned 21. Now I usually prefer to stay here or compare other places to here. I think this place is beautiful inside and out. I love how all the rooms are suites, the bathroom is huge. I can do cartwheels or do any kind of "business" and not feel so confined. Besides the suites they have shops, TAO, and gondola ride which makes it a truly unqiue experience. Also the recreation of Venice is just amazing I mean I can only imagine how the real Venice is, even more beautiful I assume. I've always had a good experience while staying here so no complaints from me.
3	Like Joe Pantoliano's character at the end of Risky Business who couldn't "go $40 on the artsy fartsy thing", I just can't go 4 stars on the Venetian.  3.5 stars, tops.  (Actually, that comparison might not make any sense whatsoever, but I'm leaving it because I love that line for some reason.) Three main take-aways from my three-night stay at the Venetian:1.  The place is massive.  Public spaces are crawling with people, including the usual assortment of cliche Vegas characters:  twits, schmucks, hustlers and greaseballs of all backgrounds (but the jackass factor here was noticeably lower than it was over at the Palms, for whatever that's worth.  I'm not a Vegas aficionado, so my grasp of the relative knob factor from property to property is limited at best).2.  The rooms are big and spacious, but weirdly unstylish.  The bed area is fine, but the living room furniture reminded me of my Grandmother's place in Jersey circa 1980.  I was looking around for the box of Thin Mints and glass of 7-Up that she always hooked me up with.  Had to settle for a Heineken and some Kit Kats out of the mini-bar.  3.  The gym is excellent.  It is also expensive @ $80 for a 3-day pass, but excellent.  And underused.  Only a handful of people there each time I used it.  All the equipment options you could want and little competition for using it. Other assorted notes:- Bring something to entertain yourself in the check-in line.  Maybe a Nintendo DS, your blackberry a yo-yo, whatever.  Felt more like an airport security line than checking into a hotel (see picture).  Yikes.- Bathrooms are huge and have a nice lil' TV for your viewing pleasure (plus, with their channel lineup you can watch random Asian game shows while you shave.  Beat that.)- Service might need a little prompting if you're not a 'whale'.  The key I was given upon check-in didn't work.  I learned this after it took 20 minutes to pick up some food to-go at the San Gennaro stop in their food court (took crazy long time for them to serve the 5 people ahead of me) and I had trekked the additional 8 minutes through the casino, over to the elevator and then all the way to the end of the hall to my room (suite 14329).  Called the front desk on my cell and they said it could take 30 - 45 minutes for security to come get me into the room.  I calmly suggested that wasn't optimal for me.  After a brief hold I was then told they'd try to put a rush on it.  Wound up waiting only about 5 minutes.  But it still kind of stank to be sitting there feeling my dinner getting cold in the bag waiting for security to correct what should be just about the most basic hotel / guest interaction possible.  Would I stay there again?Sure.  Why not?  Great gym.  Seemed convenient enough to everything I needed to get to.  The Canal Shop and restaurants in the Piazza San Marco were nice enough.  But I really don't have a lot of Vegas experiences to compare it to.Did it seem like a good value?Hard to say, as I was here during CES, which is the busiest week of the year for them and probably also when prices are the steepest.  Think my (work expensed) room averaged $400/night for the three nights. Not cheap.  But the room was bigger than many 1-bedroom city apartments.Star scoring scale:5 = Spectacular4 = Better than average, really enjoyed it3 = Average, don't regret it2 = Disappointing1 = Abysmal
5	the most BEAUTIFUL hotel on the strip. DE-LUXE!!!! We had a FUN gondola ride through the Venice canals inside the hotel. Our Gondolier was Luciano... he had a beautiful voice, and a FAB italian accent... super fun! And it was only $12.50 a piece. The husband and I are DYING to go to Italy... so this will hold us over for now...
5	thus begins my vegas new years reviews.......the venetian is my choice for third nicest hotel in all of las vegas, beat out by only the bellagio (2) and the wynn (1). any place that has gondola rides INSIDE the hotel has to be solid. and so is the venetian.our room had (as do all the rooms apparantly) 2 tv's, great view, and a sunken living room. a HUGE bathroom with a pornstar shower with jets shooting out of the wall, and was all around a great place. an excellent choice for vegas hotels.
5	I think the Venetian has become my favorite place to stay.  I wasn't that impressed the first time I stayed there in the Venezia Towers, but I stayed in the new towers this time and it was fantastic!  The room and view was incredible.   The hotel is HUGE and it's in a great location as well.  The hotel has lots of great things to do there and places to eat.   I've been to Canyon Ranch Spa and it was pretty nice with a large gym.  I didn't even get to go to the mall this time.  Next time I go, I definitely want to go on a gondola ride!
2	I was working an event at the venetian for 8 solid days. And for 8 days I was exposed to their god awful catering. I can only compare it to the worst institutional food you can imagine. I have had better hospital food. One day they served us pizza that looked like a slab of dough with gobs of cheese. They couldn't even spare us tomato sauce. just gobs of cheese and practically raw bread. I can't even go into how poor the service is all over the hotel. It was very clear that the right hand doesn't have a clue what the left hand is up too. I can't ever imagine doing an event here again. There is absolutely no quality of service just mass produce poor institutional food is the best way to describe it.
5	I love the Venetian.  Ive stayed here many a times and havent had complaints.Service, quality, gaming, food, entertainment, all covered.
5	The best hotel I have stayed at on the strip by FAR! Hands down better than the Bellagio. The bad part about this property is the poor gambling there. The table games are scarce and this is where competitors such as Bellagio start to lure business away. The staff at this hotyel are all cordial and I got the perception that they really cared about me and wanted me to enjoy my stay. The shopping/canal is a great way to spend some spare time. I am not a big shopper but if you like ice cream this place has got the best kinds!
5	UPDATE - I thought this one was nice - the Venetian in Maccau is even grander and the sheer size.....OMG - and I believe they are putting in a Cirque du Soleil show as well..hmmmmmmmmmAnyways - back to the Las Vegas site-HANDS DOWN THE BEST HOTEL!!! It may not be the newest or anything like that but the suites are gy-normous. Could easily fit 15 people there more or less. ;D.....not that I know from personal experience or anything.....On another note - I mostly write this review for the TOWERS section of the hotel - it's like a hotel inside a hotel. They have a another lobby for the Towers - not nearly as long and they have their own private small pool plus spas which I believe are open 24 hours. You still get access to the main pool but it's kind of confusing and a walk away but it's an option. The hotel for the most part has got the entire italian theme going -which is nicer than most of the other themes in LV. The canals and the food is great. If I could only remember the name of the restaurant there I'd write a review for that as well. Great food there also.On another note - since yelp doesn't do international yet...or do they? The Macau branch is even bigger - the hotel and the canals are inhumanly large. Grant it that it is kind of far from downtown and there's still a lot of construction it is nice - has a nice dim sum place on the casino floor.
5	The Venetian has always been good to me. I had my birthday here not too long ago and had a big suite. What I loved the most about it? The shower!!!! It's flat, no door, the water doesn't go out, it's big, and lots of things can happen in that bathroom overall. hahahahhaa :)Needless to say, everyone hooked up in the suite. Shoot. The place was big, there were people everywhere, but whatevers man. Good times right?There's also this buffet that's $55 to $60 which is on the top floor of a little restaurant (can't remember the name), but I think it's their Sunday brunch thing? Anywhoo, sorry for being so vague about it, but if you ask the concierge where you can eat at a buffet which is upstairs for about $60 they can point you here. Anyways, it is SO good. Aqua de Pana water in wine glasses, filet mignon, cheeses from all over the world, seafood galore, desserts, and more. One of the best meals I have ever had. Dammit! I don't remember the restaurant name! Well as you can see, suites, service, food, club (tao), bars (v bar), and everything in general has been a great experience for me here. Thank you Venetian! :)
5	Absolutely gorgeous hotel with nice restaurants and shops.Who doesn't want to ride in a gondola?
3	I have mixed reviews for this hotel.  On our very first stay here, years ago when they first opened, we were basically fighting with our slot host at checkout - who didn't help us at all.  We accumulated many points by the end of our stay and they did NOTHING for us.  Not even a free buffet.  Not a good way to start a relationship for regular visitors to the city.  Based on the same number of points at the Wynn or Bellagio, we get free stays and complete food coverage.  Hello?  Thanks for nothing Venetian.  Did you know there are plenty of other hotels to stay at in Vegas?The only reason I stayed at this hotel the second time was for a friend's bachelorette party.   Yes, the rooms are beautiful (all suites).  They're done very tastefully and are very comfortable.  The restaurants are worth a taxi trip to this hotel.  The casino areas are nice and you don't get lost in the maze.  But after the horrible customer service we received on our first stay, we've given our business to other hotels that appreciate us.  Maybe it was just that host that was horrible, but we've already built good relationships with other hosts in other hotels, why would we go back to this one?
3	If you get a workout just going from your room in the tower to the fitness center, you know your hotel is too big. I'm not a big fan of all that LV over the top-ness in the first place, but occasional stuck going here there on business. As far as such places on the strip go, it seem like a better choice. Rooms are nice and roomy enough. Spa by Canyon Ranch well done if not rather pricey. Thank God for expense accounts.
5	The Venetian is one of my favorite hotels to stay at on the Las Vegas strip...in terms of price it is more expensive than $50/night at Circus Circus..but you really get what you pay for when you stay here.  All the rooms are luxury suites...luxurious beds, living room, and a huge bathroom w/ a shower & roman bathtub..there's even a plasma in the bathroom! lol Some other cool little perks about the hotel room is that it has remote controlled drapes/blinds and you have 2 plasmas..one over by the bed and another in the living room...pretty cool if the dudes wanna watch sports while i watch mtv or america's next top model. lol It can also sleep 6 people comfortably if you get a room w/ 2 double beds b/c in the living room the sofa folds out into a sofa-bed.The Venetian is also in a pretty good location on the strip b/c it's walking distance from the forum shops at caesar's and right down the street from the wynn. I also love some of the restaurants here...grand luxe cafe and enoteca san marco are definitely worth checking out!
5	I was underwhelmed by our suite at the Venetian. That might have been the most spoiled brat thing I have ever said, but it's true. I'm pretty sure we got an older room that had been broken into by several million people. I think, as far as hotel rooms go, that the Wynn is nicer. That being said, the Venetian is a very fun place to hang out. The hotel is a little cheesy but it's beautiful and represents everything I love about this godforsaken place: it goes all the way. This is commitment to a theme, people! I heard Laura Pausini songs playing over the loudspeaker!! But seriously:  the Venetian has BOUCHON (and the bakery for when you just want a little snack and a coffee),  TO-GO sangria & margaritas from the mexican restaurant in the shopping center that don't taste like poison, and of course: sweet, beautiful wi-fi available in the common areas.   And honestly, there is no better place to be than Center Strip.
4	I didn't stay here but I did cover some serious ground here....What I love about the Venetian is that there are so many places to sit. I know that sounds weird, but MANY of the large strip casinos don't have nice couches and chairs all over to just CHILL in - yes they all have lounges and bars with chairs but sometimes I want to rest with NOTHING in front of me. The bathrooms are very nice. There is a Guggenheim Museum inside with GREAT exhibitions. Fat men in red and black outfits pretend to know Italian and sing. LOTS of shopping.
5	day 16 it's one of my favorite and in my opinion the prettiest of all the casino and hotels. its like i entered venice. seriously. from the gondala rides to indoor skies and scenery to gelato. the place is gigantic and some place you don't have to gamble, you can just get lose here and walk around, great place for photo ops with your honey buns if you got one.
5	Two words: It's PUUUUURDY!Definitely one of my favorite hotels to stay at when I'm running around wreaking havoc in vegas. Definitely a big bonus when they upgrade me when I'm checking in!Totally love the big comfy beds and the huge tubs big enough for two! The casino area has a great ventilation system; I don't end up smelling like an ashtray and my boogers don't turn gray when I'm hanging out here. The poker room is kick ass. Even when I'm just sitting around chilling, the cocktail waitresses hook me up with Fiji water and Grey Goose shots. And the shopping. I snagged a 350 dollar Burberry Bikini and wrap for 80 bucks. BOOYAH!Oh yeah... Tao's pretty awesome too.... They're just missing a kick ass Cirque du Soleil show to top it off...
4	One of my favorite places to stay in vegas!All the rooms are suites so that means you can fit more people in one room.  And the location on the strip is pretty central to the places I like to visit.One time during a two-night stay I never left the hotel. My friends and I partied, ate, slept, and shopped all in the Venetian. It was great. I love being able to go straight up to my room after clubbin.
5	This hotel is AWESOME!!!  So Roomy...  BIG PLUS ITEMS:  2 TVs; One in front of the beds, and one in the sitting room...  A sunken sitting room.  As you come into the room, the beds are frist, and after that are two steps down to a couch, coffee table, desk, and a couple of single plush seats...  again, with your 2nd TV.  ONE WORD:  SPACIOUS!!!  Restaurants here in this hotel are amazing...  If you're ready to indulge yourself and you LOVE steaks, you've got to check out Delmonnico's (sp)  It's an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, (see my review on this restaurant)  It's SOOO WORTH IT!!!  Also the Luxor Cafe has great food at decent prices.  Check out their caesar salad and their misoyaki salmon...  that is if it's still on the menu.  I so love this place and would gladly stay here when the rates are low.  I guess I better gamble here a bit more so I can hope to get freebies here...
5	I love this hotel. My girlfriends and I stayed here during our all girls trip and we had joint rooms. The rooms are huge and very luxurious! The Grand Luxe cafe reminds me of Cheesecake Factory and it's perfect to satisfy a late night drunken food craving. It's honestly one of the best hotels in Vegas for staying, gambling, eating, shopping.
5	Huge, gorgeous, luxe rooms. Beautiful architecture. Friendly and helpful staff. Only downfall - it took about 20 minutes for the woman to check me in.
5	The Venetian is beautiful.  We somehow scored a suite here for $99 one night a few years ago, and I was so sad we didn't get to take advantage of all the space and luxury they gave us.  It's pretty expensive normally but if you want to splurge, this is the place to do it.
4	I stayed here before I stayed at the Wynn so in comparison, I had to take off a star.My friends and I booked the Rialto suite. It was pretty massive, 2 queen beds, a large sofa. The bathroom was huge, there was a vanity inside just in case one of us wanted to put on some make-up....yeaaa right. There was also a nice tub that we promptly filled up with ice and liquor and a shower. The crapper was nice, we frequented it quite a bit. I didn't like the green marble or whatever in the bathroom.The beds were comfortable and didn't have any mysterious stains on the covers, so that was good. We had a nice view of the strip from our room. Made for great scenery while we boozed it up.House keeping was great to us. We had a ton of people staying in the room and left a generous tip along with a list of stuff we needed, so we went out to gamble, came back and we had a bag full of soaps, shampoos, conditions and chocolate. They gave us more than enough towels. Very accommodating.Check-in/out clerks were friendly. They gave us a bunch of key cards and some coupons. The security guard at the resort room elevator entrance was cool too, we rolled in with some new friends we made at Tao and he just gave us a big thumbs up and a wink.Gambling:Gambling here is expensive, but not as expensive as its neighbor, the Wynn and the more upscale Bellagio. Expect high minimums and lots of sharks.I like the poker room here a lot. Probably because it's been good to me the few times I went. The cocktail waitresses are quick to serve and the dealers are knowledgeable and fun to talk to. The poker room also has a ton of TVs to keep you occupied during downtime.I'd sign up for the Club Grazie player's card if you intend to gamble here or at the Palazzo a lot. They're usually some bonuses that you get for signing up for the first time.Overall, nice place but not the best place I've ever stayed or gambled at.
2	The hotel is beautiful, but just visit do not stay there. They have many high fees. They charge a lot for everything, $30 per day to workout, $20 for an art museum with 15 paintings, $12 minute for calls. The hotel manager feels they should every last dollar out of your wallet.
5	This place is beautiful and the hallways feel so romantic, with the marbel floors, candle troch lights, paintings, and music. The hotel is expensive but ts worth the extra luxury. The suites are very spacious, two queen beds, step down living room area with sofa pull out bed, nice view of the pool. The bathroom had a huge shower with a large mirror ;-). Marbel everywhere. All in all very nice, the food options were great, from very high end to panda express, which is helpful. The location is great too near all the action. This hotel is very good for groups.
5	Guess what? I'm the 229th reviewer on this, so I doubt anyone will see this, but an opportunity to raise the star level of this hotel is worth it =)This is a GREAT hotel. very luxurious, and great rooms. Our room had three TVs, and a nice bathroom, comfortable beds.The only thing I would complain about are the sheets. They feel like paper.
4	I loved staying at this place. I wish I was a rich mofo so I can live the high life day in and day out. I stayed at the Four Seasons for a few weeks last year (mooching the high life off the corporate boyfriend) and the Venetian was very similar, but at a much more elevated level. I've decided that I need to model my future bathroom after the ones at the Venetian. The set-up was roomy enough to keep a relationship like mine sane. The bed is very comfy as well. Ok, I've just decided that I will need a California King-sized bed to keep my relationship as well. The housekeeping and concierge staff were excellent and they make everyone feel like they are important customers. And believe me, there are all walks of life as it is Vegas afterall.Minus points for the infiltration of Glade scents through the ventilation system. It was a little too much. Also, I don't know if we were just idiots but it seemed like there was only one way to enter the building and it was kind of annoying. You'd think that a hotel of that size and magnitude would have a few more easily-accessible entrances. It is pricey but I would definitely stay at the Venetian again if I ever go back to Vegas.
4	We actually stayed in a suite in the Venezia tower.I loved that fact that we got adjoining suite, and the Venetian did what was possible to get us our adjoining suite.It was a little complicated to find at first but I found it!The rooms were not bad at all. Loved the spacious bathroom and the amenities. The bed was comfortable, but the pillows were a little small though.
5	b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l!!!
5	Very nice. It might not be perfect but it gets 5 stars for simply being an experience that EVERYONE should have in vegas. It's a really nice place with really nice rooms and have stands successfully as a truly unique experience. This is a hotel that doesn't need to copy any other hotels.I recommend this great experience to all. Oh yea, lots of good looking people here...hehe.
5	I love this place!  Classy, nice rooms, doesn't smell like smoke everywhere...definitely up my alley.I like luxury and class.  Vegas tends to be full of trash and tramps, so this place makes me feel like I am on a mini getaway.  If I am going to Vegas, which isn't very often, I don't want to regret it!I also love the food and spa (Canyon Ranch)...yelped those as well.
4	Please note this is a review of the shopping/casino/attractions NOT the hotel.The Venetian did it right. It's one of the few luxurious places on the Strip that is more classy than cheesy. Attention was given to every detail and it shows.The shops were lovely. It looks like an italian streetscape complete with canals and painted sky. One of the top three malls in Vegas. Mostly very high-end, with a few more reasonably priced places (hooray Ann Taylor!). We went into a little cafe in the middle of the afternoon for some gelato and pastries. A much better choice for ambiance and respite than the new gelato place in the Palazzo.Be sure to walk around and see the other parts of the complex. The ceilings and floors are amazing.Husband and I went to the Guggenheim Hermatige here, but were disappointed with the $15 entry fee when we realized it was only one room/gallery. So skip it.Overall a great place to spend an afternoon even if you're not gambling.
1	I felt shafted after staying here. When we got there, the door handle from our bathroom broke. Even after they fixed it, it still wasn't sturdy. Their pool area is horrible. What 5 star hotel has a 3 feet pool? The Tao Beach "Club" was also a bust. In terms of service, when we called for extra pillows and blankets, our request was answered after ringing the front desk the THIRD time. It was obnoxious.
5	Dude! What else can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? It's fantasic! It's pricey but sometimes it's actually kind of worth it!  It's so spacious, clean, and FABULOUS! I mean ..3 flat screen tvs in one hotel room?! A vanity area for a girl? Private toilet area! shower AND a tub! living room with extra pull out bed! It's just great!
5	By all means make a visit to the pool here. Oh my god. Not as much of a party scene like the Hard Rock but sooooo nice nonetheless. No idea what the cost for cocktails was but I'm sure it was pricey since the cost to have a "bed" was hilarious. The service was fabulous though.
3	not reviewing the hotel - just the casino/shopping area.um....it's beautiful.  yes. but like...the singers on the boats?  not.so.much.i should have gotten a job there.  i mean, they get paid a lot of money to sing that flat.
4	Staying at the Venetian is always great!  The only reason that I give Venetian 4 stars is because of the price.  Granted the rooms/suites are really really big, but it's pretty obvious that the hotels in Vegas keep upping their prices to give the impression of being high class.  But this is really a problem with Vegas in general....Anyways, the rooms are huge.  Big enough to hold pre-parties with room spare.  I've always found the rooms to be really quiet regardless of whether I was staying in the original Venetian tower or the newer Venezia tower.  The only thing that's really bad about the rooms are that the bathroom doors do not have locks on them.  This is really annoying because it's really easy to walk in or be walked in on while you're taking a shower or using the toilet... especially during the aforementioned pre-parties.  Aside from that the rooms are good.  All of the rooms have a fold out sleeper sofa in case a friend can't make it back to their room after the night is done.The casino is huge and the layout of the canal shoppes is a mess.  It took me 3 stays to finally get a sense of how to get from one side of the hotel to the other.  Then again, I guess keeping you trapped in is actually part of the goal.I have mixed experiences with housekeeping.  Sometimes they bring things really fast and sometimes it takes forever.  Not a huge deal because I have better things to do in Vegas than wait around in the room, but when you're waiting on towels so you can wash off the funk from last night, waiting half an hour can be annoying.
5	I love the Venetian.  It's normally the hotel I stay in when I go to Vegas.  The rooms are spacious.  I did notice that when they redecorated the rooms a year ago they removed the pull out couch in the living area.  There's plenty of mirror space so if you happen to be staying with a few girls it's not a problem.  Housekeeping and room service are always great.  One time I forgot to pack hairspray and before I went to the gift shop and paid for an over priced travel size, I decided to call housekeeping and asked if they had it handy.  Sure enough they brought one over.  The concierge is wonderful too.  They take pride in making your experience all that it can be.  If you want to go to any of their clubs they set you up with a host which will later call you and make arrangements to walk you through the doors.  Also, they have contacts to most of the clubs in Vegas so they can put you on a guest list or at least give you a free or discounted admission card.  I love to play craps and the pit bosses and table staff are really nice and helpful.  One of the pit bosses actually remember me even before I gave him my player's card and actually came over and gave me a hug.  I was pretty shocked because I hadn't been there in 2 or 3 months.  If you have time, catch The Blue Man group and check on their website because they normally have a package combo for tickets to the show and hotel stay.  I can go on and on about how great the Venetian is but one last thing, check out the jacuzzi, most of the time it has late night hours it you want to unwind after a long night.
5	Loved every moment of my stay here! We had an upgraded suite for the first night, b/c our regular suite wasn't ready yet and I was so sad to leave....but it turns out - the regular suite was just as fabulous! Just a little less room but we didn't miss it at all. Everything from the French bathroom doors, to the gilded door handles - not a single detail was left out. We never really had much time to eat so In-Suite Dining was a good friend to us the entire weekend. The wait wasn't too bad but they messed up our order a little bit each time - and at the nightly weekend rate to stay here, they should really pay attention to those little details. I guess they don't care as much since they get an automatic 18% gratuity + service charge or wahtever....but it wasn't a big deal. Anyway, definitely looking forward to staying here again!!!!Tao is fun but wayyy too crowded - I'll write a separate review for them later. Tao Beach is WAY too crazy. It's like one giant mob of ugly half-naked people (lots of "butter faces" - you know like: "Wow! Nice ass! Oh...but her face....") grinding away to euro-trashy music (which I actually kind of liked) and everyone looks like they really shouldn't be in the sun any longer b/c they're redder than the red on the Yelp banner up above. Eek!Random: Lil Jon was there...looking all tiny next to his giant bodyguard. Both looked really hot - as in sweaty hot. They're dressed in full clothing from head to toe - black shirts and baggy jeans in 90 degree weather.We escaped to the Venetian pools and had a much better time just relaxing in the sun, listening to the distant music of Tao Beach, sipping cocktails.I didn't think that any hotel would measure up to the Bellagio, but apparently I was wrong :) Also, the Venetian has a younger clientele - much more fun than Bellagio's stuffy older crowd.
5	TOTALLY GAUDY BUT GREAT!Spent my 26th birthday wknd here.  It also happened to be my first trip to Vegas, despite living in LA since I was 18--imagine that!  Anyhow, we stayed in suite with a step down living room and all the gold in that place made me wear my stunna shades--LOL!!!  Definitely check out the V-Bar.  The drinks are unique and this place is definitely for the 'grown and sexy'.
5	I looooooved living at The Venetian for a weekend. Although I shared the room with 6 smelly boys and 2 lovely girls, I thoroughly enjoyed our suite. The bathroom is gorgeous with two sinks, a separate vanity area, a big tub, and see-thru shower. My only complaint is room service. The morning after a very drunken night, I ordered a bottle of Evian and a bottle of Voss with slices of cucumber to be delivered to my room. The cost? Thirty dollars. That was definitely one expensive hangover.
5	I was on a mission to throw my sister a memorable bachelorrete experience and it all started with going to Vegas and staying at the Venetian.  It was GREAT!  No complaints at all.  I was impressed upon entering the hotel at how HUGE the hotel was and all the amenities available...the 2 pools (1 which we visited), restaurants, etc..  I reserved 2 conjoining rooms so we'd have more of a group feel, since 8 of my friends were going to be joining us for the festivities.  The rooms and the bathrooms were spacious and accommodated all of us comfortably.  With having 8 girls staying in the hotel room, you need a lot of mirrors especially if you're in Vegas...just to minimize the time you need to get ready to go out and our room had enough making it functional and less time consuming.  The staff was very helpful and polite at all times.  They were really big on customer service and openly assisted us if we had any questions about anything.  I would recommend staying here if you plan on visiting Vegas because I'd probably stay here again.  You'll be well taken care of and hopefully will have an experience much like mine.
4	i'm 20.but holy smackeroo this is probably the most beautiful hotel in Las Vegas. The interior design, some shops, the high rollers. i always admire how much money rich people have to throw away @ these $10,000 tables. if i had the money, i would plan to stay in this hotel one night to feel the atmosphere.
2	The hotel itself was amazingly well appointed... but the service was lacking and abysmal. It took a full day to get the internet to work in my room (and being there for a conference, was something that I needed... if only part of the time)... the shades would randomly open and close, and despite calling and having a repair man come to look at the motor... they never fixed them while I was in residence. The list could go on about key cards not working and rude staff... but on positive notes, the Canal shops are great, the gondola rides are just funny to watch (but great to listen to).Overall, I am glad to have finally stayed at a hotel in my home town... but am sure that next time I will just stay at home.
4	The windows in our suite did not open, but I'm not mad at ya, Venetian. It was a little stuffy, that's all..We really did enjoy the spacious room though. There were 3 TVs, one in the bathroom, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. I wish my apartment were half as nice as a suite at the Venetian.The 24-hour cafe downstairs served up huge portions of well-made foods. I had spaghetti carbonara which was so delicious.My bf's two complaints about the hotel are:1) They seem to pump some kind of perfume through the internal air system to combat the smell of cigarette smoke. (He has sinus issues, so this was a minor annoyance. It didn't really bother me.)2) The hotel/casino has a more confusing layout, especially in comparison to the other hotels.In summary, the Venetian, and its newer counterpart the Palazzo, have the best rooms in Vegas, competitive with the likes of Bellagio and Wynn. Every room is a suite, so you will always end up with a living room area, bedroom area, huge bathroom and 3 TVs.I'll probably stay at the Bellagio next though, because it's right across the street from Bally's and Paris, and those hotels give convenient access to the monorail. Side note: The monorail seems to be the most cost-effective and timely way to travel up and down the strip. There is a 3-day unlimited pass for $40 which I will definitely get next time. Trolley is too slow, buses get caught in traffic, rental cars cost more money than you'd think, and taxis are too costly. Monorail is the way to go!
4	After an eventful night at Tao, and a continual run-in with the bouncers, my friend got arrested and was placed here, the luxurious Venetian Hotel and Casino Holding Cell.Overall, the decor was amazing. Beige all around. Food was subpar however, their portions sizes were...emaciating. However, the entertainment - superb. Transvestite hookers FILLED this place like ron jeremy in a 10 year old.   (too gross? Yeah, so was this place.)But don't worry, they give you an orange jumpsuit - YOURS FREE!
4	Gorgeous! Service was amazing. Courteous staff.  Beautiful suite we had. Room issues: my card sometimes wouldn't work right away. Shower had dark mildew stains. Toilet flushed when it wanted to. Maybe we had a ghost.! The suite was huge, beautifully decorated. Overall appeared clean.The bed...oh the bed, 100% egyptian cotton soft sheets. No pilling on the sheets, they seemed clean, but it is a hotel. Cute little chocolate for the turndown service. Fluffy pillows. Huge bathroom, double sink, vanity area separate shower from the tub. I love all the space! Enough room for three naked fake boob girls to walk around my stuff.Many places to gamble, eat and shop shop shop!
5	This review is for the casino portion of the property only.If you were looking for me in Vegas, this is the first place you should look.  Specifically, you should look for me in the poker room.This is probably the nicest and friendliest poker room I've played in.  The room is bright and spacious, the tables and chairs are comfortable, the dealers are social yet professional, the waitresses are efficient and prompt and there are TVs all over the walls to entertain you should you need to focus your eyes somewhere outside the poker table.The food/drink choices here are top notch.  Fiji water (ooh - fancy) is the water of choice here and hell, they'll even bring you out a shake if you ask for it.  They don't skimp out on the liquor either but hey - do you seriously want to be drinking at the poker table?  If you're hungry, all the food options available at the property are available to you and they'll even bring your food out to you by the table but again - do you seriously want to be eating at the poker table?Depending on when you show up, the action is either fast or slow.  I noticed that the room starts to fill up around 11am or so on the weekends so if you want to get a seat and don't want to wait, show up before then otherwise expect to wait a bit for your game to open up.They have a player's card which they offer all players and you earn comp points per the time you play so if you're logging time on a card, make sure you check out when you leave the poker room or you will not be credited any hours for your play.
5	The ....  V enice transformed into the desert night,  E xquisite dining and entertainment,  N ightly turn down service - Tremendous.  E asily the finest standard rooms in Las Vegas.  T AO and Tao Beach ............ aaahhh   I nvigorating spa and pool,  A. V.N. comes here once a year.' N uff said ............................................................... nothing else like it   ! ! !
5	The venetian hotel...as paris hilton would say...that's HOT!Great rooms, great atmosphere, great pool, great gambling, although i lost, but nevertheless...that's hot!
3	the rooms are fantastic! huge can only begin to describe these monster suites. i thoroughly enjoyed trotting around my sunken living area in my plush robe, lounging on my l-shaped sofas, and watching tv in my marble bathroom while bathing.the service was not quite up to par, unfortunately. since vegas is a customer service oriented oasis, i expect better than the best, every time. there were far too many missteps during my stay to warrant more than 3 stars. here's a few:- package services is highly understaffed. i had to inquire if i had packages (no one informed me). i was put on hold for 20 minutes each time i called, and they misplaced one of my packages. i had to provide a tracking number in order for them to retrieve the box, which might i add, they were sure they had already delivered to me.- i got attitude from a bellman when i told him my coworker was on her way to my suite with her bags. he scoffed "well, i just can't sit around waiting all day. pssh." she arrived less than 2 minutes later.- they charge to leave documents at the concierge for fellow guests- the room was SO dark! even when i opened the blinds and turned all the lights on in the middle of the day, i could barely see.- the concierge wasn't very helpful when it came to tracking down packages. she just told me to call the package center. no number provided, just that simple advice.- my pre-ordered breakfast was 30 minutes late (i had asked for it to be delivered in a time frame). when it arrived (after i had called to locate it), the server complained that too many people wanted their breakfasts on time (um...ok?)- they only left me the menu for the pre-order breakfast on the first night of my stay.this may seem really picky, but when i've experienced far better just a couple resorts down the strip, its hard not to complain!
4	Celebrated my 3rd year anniversary in a luxury suite.  It was a very posh and lush hotel - ultra classy!Silly thing #1 - I was bummed that it was overcast and windy in Vegas, so we didn't get a chance to bask in the sun at the pool.No need to upgrade to a larger suite.  Why?  How much room do two people really need anyway?  Cool factor  - I'm a nerd, but I was tickled that there was a remote control for the sheer drapes AND the curtains.  There were 3 TVs - one in the sunken living room, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom above the double sinks.Silly thing #2 & #3 - they make you PAY?!? to use the workout facilities?  So, I'm supposed to pay another $30+ to sweat, after I've already paid $200+ for the room?  AND, I have to pay $10 to hook up/WiFi my laptop?Don't even think about drinking or eating any of the snacks and NOT pay for it.  There is literally a sensor pad under all the snacks & drinks - Big Brother will know if you nibbled on a gummy bear, yo.Overall, I would stay here again, because it's that nice.
3	Beautiful hotel-casino resort.  I stayed in the Venetian Luxury suite, which was nicely decorated, for $219 a night.  For that price though, I wished the hotel included more services, such as a free shuttle from/to the airport or free access to the gym.  The food court had a nice selection of cuisine, but nothing spectacular.  I had a caesar salad that was so salty that I had to drink a quart of water.  Overall, it was ok (nothing to differentiate itself from other big casino resorts) and I would recommend staying here only once in your lifetime.
5	ah I loved the decorated ceilings and stuff here. It was a bit pricey compared to some of the other hotels on the strip, but it was worth the price. It looked luxurious. My room was really nice too. I liked how there were lights above the bed because it gave the bed lighting and it looked really nice. My bf and I took a lot pictures near the bed. It just looked so beautiful. I liked the little fence near our bed too. Everything just looked so nice here. A very convenient place, but expensive. The food here was pretty good, casino was ok, the V bar was awesome, and Tao nightclub was ok because it was too crowded and the music was really good though. There is even Lime Ice bar that served frozen drinks. That was awesome. Drinks are available like 24/7 in Vegas. The maids were awesome at cleaning and the hotel even held our bags for us when we checked out. I loved my stay here. I would come back again.
3	This hotel just misses in my opinion.  It's nice to have a suite and have housekeeping service 2x a day, but it kind of misses in execution.  You only get 2 sets of towels which gives you limited flexibility if you need more, the provided accompaniments in the bathroom are not high quality and miss some of the nicer ones you would want, and they don't give you enough hangers.  All of this is fixable with a phone call so it's not tragic, but just makes the Venetian fall a little short of a true 5 star experience.  One Note of Caution:  My date and I are not really sensitive, but the standard sheets on the bed made us both itch terribly.  We suffered for 2 nights and then called and told the desk.  We were afraid they were bed bugs.  They brought us some hypo-allergenic sheets and said they have to do that alot and we didn't have any more problem, and those sheets were just as comfortable as the standard sheets.  I don't know why they don't just make them standard.Checkout was a nightmare.  Even though the line was small, it took forever.  I can only imagine what it would be like at peak time.  Checkin was a breeze although you will have to deal with a lot of upselling pressure to upgrade your room which isn't very attractive to me.
4	I would have given this hotel 5 stars, but I have two complaints:First complaint:When you stay in the Venezia tower, getting to your room is a fricken maze.  It was so many twists and turns and you had to go into two different elevators.  Not fun when you're drunk, tired, and feet hurt from dancing in high heels all night.Second Complaint: So there was 11 girls in our suite.  I know, waaaay to many chicks.  So of course, we ran out of blankets.  At around 2AM, we called housekeeping and asked for more blankets and pillows.  They said it will be a one hour wait because it was so busy.  That was cool, cuz we weren't ready for bed quite yet.  One hour went by, then two.  I fell asleep, and ended up waking up at 5AM with still no blanket.  I was totally drunk, so I went into the bathroom, grabbed one of their luxurious robes, wrapped it around me, and took my ass back to bed.  We had to complain the next day about them not bringing blankets.  After we complained, they immediatley brought up blankets and pillows.Other than that, this hotel is amazing.  It's beautiful, and all the rooms are SUITES!  We had the Bella Luxury Suite.  It was beautiful.  The bathroom was humongous and had marble and gold trim.  There is a sunken living room and your own personal fax machine and data ports.  We also had an awesome view of the pool garden.  So pretty!  You have to totally stay here!!!I also won $300 on the slots here... I'm definitley coming back.
4	What can I say about one of the top luxurious hotels on the strip? Only complaint is that their Venezia-Venetian directions are quite confusing. Hallways here, bridge over there... quite a mess to follow. And if you're drunk, forget it, you'll never find your way back!
5	I loved, Loved, LOVED this hotel! They have the biggest bathroom, the biggest suite with full-sized living area, and comfy beds that were perfect for crashing on after a long crazy night out. Also, Bouchon Bakery is located here. Perfection!
5	Its 100 degrees out in the desert sun and everywhere you turn there is smoke and fake boobs. Aah, what joy then to be transported to Venice when you step into this beautiful hotel.The little walkway, studded with small shops, carrying interesting shopping options and yummy bits of food. The gondolas swaying in the water and the thoughtful architecture all give the wonderful illusion of a day in Venice.The lady gondolier we saw as we were walking along the Canal had a wonderful voice and it echoed all over. The food at the cafe's looked enticing, but after a huge buffet lunch elsewhere there was no way I was going to give in.The beautiful paintings in the wall and the Italian marble are just some of the reasons to visit the Venetian.
5	I love this place. It really is a full package.All the Casinos in the strip are the same as you might already know. But let me tell you it has the sexiest vibe. Plus, I'm biased 'cause i won money here. :)I think the rooms are well designed and since Venetian is connected to Palazzo so you got little more gaming options.
5	The Venetian is my favorite casino hotel. For New Years Eve, we reserved several suites in the Venezia Bella towers. They're wonderfully opulent affairs, with amenities like a full bath, soft beds, and lots of space, perfect for pregaming. We were able to walk downstairs to Tao (NOT my favorite place to party). The Venetian is secure, has a friendly concierge staff that's easy to work with, a convenient mini-store with water, booze, and souvenirs, and a shop where you can do office-type things like buy CD-Rs (I actually needed one during my trip, go figure).Their food court is crap, from the Pizzeria da Enzo to the San Gennaro Grill. Roam the strip for more entertaining and less expensive dining options. Heck, even Denny's is more bang for your buck.Lodging is expensive, food is expensive, everything is expensive! You can SMELL the money there. Gambling in general is expensive, but here it's a rule. You're in Vegas, so just close your eyes and hand over your credit card. Highly recommended!
5	Beautiful hotel.  Gorgeous pool.  Nice room.  Very good service.  I could have done without the stripper perfume pumped in every air vent in the place, but hey, it's Vegas.Can't comment on the gambling as I don't gamble.  Everyone looked like they were happily losing their money though.
5	I have stayed in many hotels around the country and this one is by far in my top 3. Four friends and myself decided to take a long weekend trip to Vegas in March 2007. When we arrived to our room we were in love. 2 big beds and then step down 2 steps into a nice sized living room. We had so much room for 5 people (and it was a good idea since the room was so damn expensive). They have ok slots, card games and roulette. But I prefer other casinos for games. The gelato is delicious in the lobby area and they have tons of restaurants,shows and activities to keep you busy 24 hours a day.
4	to visit vegas twice in less than 3 months is impressive. to stay for at least a week's time during each visit is painful.thank you to venetian for making both of my work trips bearable.from the all suites rooms to the various pools, from the shops (think palazzo and canal shoppes) to the award winning restaurants (think mario batali and wolfgang puck), from the gambling to the shows (loved jersey boys), venetian made me alittle happier while in vegas.on my last day in vegas, the bf and i decided to do an early morning jog along the strip. we ran from the venetian to the new york new york hotel. while it was still hot at 8:30am, there wasn't much pedestrian traffic. however, we did run into a lady that was trying to hustle us to watch a show near the MGM. this was part of our conversation:random lady: "hi are you guys married?"us: "nope"random lady: "oh, are you guys just living together then?"us: "nope"random lady: "ok..(long pause) well then that explains why you guys are so damn happy!"us: (laughing our asses off)we definitely got a good laugh on that one. i guess you just never know what to expect (or hear) when you're in vegas!
5	When I think of Las Vegas, I usually think of a place like the Venetian. Absolutely ridiculous. A King Sized Bed, 3 Flat Panel TVs, a sectional, a view of the strip. Amazing.The whole place just feels high class. From the casino to the Canal Shops, to the aforementioned rooms, to the awesome selection of high class restaurants. Everything is just great. Room Service comes by twice a day, and leaves the most amazing chocolates.The view of the strip is great. Not every room has it though, and we got a free upgrade because our room wasn't ready by 3. From the 29th floor we had an amazing view of Treasure Island, Trump Tower, Fashion Mall, and the Mirage. As well as the mountains that I never knew surrounded Las Vegas until we arrived there.THe hotel has a bunch of pools, they do close a bit early at 8, but there's plenty else to do at night. The casino is ridiculously high table minimums though, usually around $25, but it's really close to IP and some others if you're gambling on the cheap.Ok, so a couple of complaints:1) Turn down service is kinda late... like 8-10 PM. Make sure you put up your privacy sign if you're around.2) Check-in takes forever. Go up to the Venezia checkin as there's hardly ever a line.3) The TV Checkout crashed on me, and I had to spend 10 minutes in line to have them tell me it actually worked.4) All the food and such in the minibar is on a sensor. If you touch it or move it, you immediatley get charged. It's also sort of in the way of the TV. Annoying.I didn't try room service or anything, so no comment there.All and all, an awesome experience. Almost everything was done perfectly, and the room was probably the nicest I'd ever stayed in.
5	Just got back from Vegas this weekend and stayed at the Venetian. The hotel, accomodations, and gambling were straight up awesome. The room had two beds and the living area two couches. There were three TVs in our room, one in the living area, bed room, and another in the bathroom. The schedule over the three day weekend was going to the pool in the morning, laying out in the sun and drinking followed by gambling afterward and bottle servicing it up at a club afterward. Vegas is just crazy. Its very warm, has good food, drinks, people to gamble with etc. The only downside with this place was the touch sensitive refreshment-bar-tray, that was just retarded. I removed all of the hotel's beverages because I wanted to chill some vodka and chasers and learn that I would be getting charged for all of these even if I didn't drink any of them....but it was taken care of really easily by inventory, my buddy actually drank one of their $8 powerades and said it was good.
4	Gorgeous! I was incredibly impressed by this hotel. Ten of us stayed in the Venezia Suites on Saturday night for our friend's bachelorette party. We had two conjoining suites, and each suite had two queen-sized beds and a sunken living room with a pull-out couch that could easily fit two people. The bathrooms were enormous (5 girls could be in there at once without wanting to kill each other), and everything was lush and clean and lovely. The Canyon Ranch pool was great, too. It was about 103 degrees there on Saturday so we immediately headed for the pool. There's a nice, shaded bar next to the pool (although a Bud Light cost $7--egads!), and a huge area of lounge chairs for people to, well, lounge on. It was much too hot for me to do any lounging except while submerged in water, but I was fine with that. Maybe it's just me, but I found the layout of the hotel to be a bit confusing--I was constantly asking people how to get to my room. But the trek is worth it, as  you get to witness all the ornate decor. Also, they did a good job at making you feel like you were in Italy--the bellmen (bellpeople?) all seemed to be dressed as Italian policemen and the people working the taxi/shuttle/limo area dress as gondoliers. You can actually take a gondolier ride around the hotel, but I'm sure it costs a pretty penny.Lastly, the prices were fairly reasonable--it's about $220 per weekend night for one of the suites. Gratzie, Venetian!
5	By far, the Venetian and the Palazzo are the best hotels on the strip. The Wynn is up there but you just cant beat a suite. The rooms are perfect for any type of party because they're so big. For all you college kids who still like to pack 10 people in one room....go to the Venetian or Palazzo. Plenty of floor space for your sleeping bags. (come on, who hasnt done this yet?) Just dont look obvious walking to your room with a bunch of sleeping bags and pillows....The service is the best. They have poker tournaments going on 24hrs, a huge sportsbook, ton of tables (though high limits), and of course some of the best looking waitresses.......drool.....
4	Definitely the largest suites in Vegas with comfy beds and fantabulous service, however I must digress from the positives to gripe about a few major pitfalls I discovered during my last stay, which is why I am confiscating the 5th star of my review.I shared a room with 4 other girls for a  Bachelorette party. We were getting ready for our first night out to dinner and I had my handy dandy ipod ready to be docked so we could get the party started but to my dismay, there was no ipod dock in sight. Flat screen TV, yes, but no freaking ipod dock...are you kidding me? In its place, they had a single cd disc player/alarm clock combo. Boo! And the kicker was that it didn't even work, despite the fact that a friend thought to bring CD's, so we ended up playing it on the DVD player in the room and it was kinda weak.Disappointment #2 was in the restroom. There's a small flatscreen tv above the sinks and we thought, "okay, maybe we can put on some music video channel while we're getting ready." Sure, if the damn thing worked! Aaaah!Disappointment #3: No coffee maker in the room. WTF! Do NOT come between a girl and her caffeine. Disappointment #4: El cheapo hair dryer. I initially thought the room didn't come with one, however we found it tucked away in the vanity drawer.Final disappointment: the mini fridge in the room was stocked to the freaking brim with incidentals that we could barely fit our own stuff in it. I.e. our $1.00 waters instead of taking their $5.00 waters that tempt you when you're in dire need of some thirst quenching. With all the money you fork over for this otherwise pimped out room, you'd expect all of the basic amenities as mentioned above, and then some.Hopefully the Venetian staff will take my comment card suggestions to heart and get with the program the next time we visit! I can be forgiving if they make amends.
4	I really do love the Venetian.  I have heard some other people complain about it and I don't quite get it.  I think the rooms are very nice and very big, and also well-maintained.  They are pricey and they do nickel and dime you for everything (namely room upgrades) but I enjoy staying here, even without upgrades.It is a bit of a factory as far as check in goes.  You arrive, have the option of giving bags to the valet, line up to check in, tromp to your room, etc. but they have so many people coming in that I actually appreciate an organized process.  The property is big and sprawling and confusing (as all big casinos trying not to let you leave are) but once you spend some time here, you get to know your way around.They have a lot of restaurant options, most of them quite pricey, and some shopping which is definitely not the best in Las Vegas.  But, when it is super hot outside, I do enjoy strolling along the fake canals.  I also enjoy their sports book even though it is not the biggest or best in Las Vegas.  The book takers and the bar staff in the sports book are very friendly and helpful.  I also think that the dealers at the tables at the Venetian are very friendly.  I admit that I have only played craps here but the friendly dealers have been responsible for keeping me at the table even after the minimums have been raised to more than I want to bet.I also think the decor of this casino is very nice.  And, we actually ordered room service once and it was great.  I like the big bathrooms with two sinks, the big tub, the toiletries and the bath robes.  It's also cool to have three LCD TVs in each room.  You can watch TV while taking a shower - I totally did this!I will definitely stay here again.  The only thing I really don't like is that it's pretty pricey for everything here.  If it was a little cheaper, I'd be in heaven (and they'd get five stars).
5	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas! It's so beautiful.
4	lately, every time i go to vegas, i stay at the venetian. i usually stay with a little group to cut down the cost of the room. it is so gorgeous i wouldn't think of staying anywhere else! and it's so huge that you can cram all the people in there and not to squished. i think the most people i had in one room was.. 12?? we had the queen sized room which has two beds, and a sofa bed. only downfall is there's only one bathroom, but we made it work.the venetian also has a great location. it's on the middle of the strip so it would be convenient to stay here if you don't have a car and don't feel like spending money on a cab. it's also connected to that one fancy mall that also connects to a few other hotels.just to let you all know, there's an AWESOME special going on right now that ends june 27th. you can book rooms till labor day for this special. promo code: EVTMP08
4	Just came back from a nice getaway with the husband.  This is the first time we've stayed at the Venetian and va-va-voom...this is definitely the posh way of hoteling!  The room is more than spacious and the decor is enough for you to know that you are in paradise.  The long corridors and walkways between the sister hotels are confusing but after a day, you'll get the hang of it.  The customer service is divine and there's always friendly personnal greeting you.  If you have the opportunity, take advantage of the spa.  You could spend an entire day there!
4	Super beautiful for Italian Renaissance fetishists especially. The only thing missing for me as I walked the opulent gallerias under the spectacular frescoes was seeing some syphilitic old aristocrats and overworked, under-commissioned tortured artists of the time (rather than plump thighs in bermuda shorts). The clientele in the Venezia is quite diverse culturally though, but probably not economically. The venezia is wonderfully located - you walk into the front of the hotel, get into the elevator and you're home. I may have had it better since the terrazzo suite is on the first floor. The private patio rocked -- it is right next to the pool deck,  but there was a large fountain right next to mine, so the sounds of the shrieking kids are muted. Coffee in the morning and hanging out in the early or late evening are good, and I kept the door open almost all the time so I could hear either the fountain or the crickets (city slicker).I went to the pool once and there were literally 22 children and four adults. The pool deck is not single adult friendly and the pool is very small, so even with several kids in it it feels like a crowd.Otherwise all is gorgeous with this place, and I hope to be renting the same suite for years to come if management hasn't nixed me for ranting so much about the wireless issue.The only major con is that their representation of wireless internet being available in the suite is wrong, wrong, wrong. They did list this as an amenity on the terrazzo suite which since has been altered on their site, and there is a wireless network called "SuiteWiFi" which asks you to authenticate in order to be charged. But at the front desk they  say that wireless is only available in the food court and by the pool. The staff are NOT informed about the WiFi. I was able to get to a special authentication screen for the suite WiFi just enough to set myself up to be charged, but I was otherwise unable to make any good consistent use of the network, from anywhere. They should ditch any mention of WiFi as an amenity on their site, seriously, until they work it out.The only other small issue is that they should set the air systems in the rooms to low. It's just as effective and far less noisy. The constant buzzing drone from the other rooms was annoying, and they'd save huge amounts on power if they did this.
5	This hotel is amazing. The suite I stayed in was fairly nice and we didn't have to worry about having more than 4 in a suite large enough for 10. The bathroom was gigantic enough to accommodate a bunch of high maintenance women getting ready at the same time and we had enough space in the other areas to drink and dance before heading out for the evening. The pool area is huge, but you have to be far too proactive to grab a good chair after a long night of drinking. Although it sounds ridiculous, it can be very easy to get lost in the labyrinth of Venetian hallways, but that could of course also be blamed on the booze.
4	Probably the best hotel for the penny pinchers to pack 10+ Asians in 1 room! LOL.Bella Suites have 2 queen beds and a queen pull out which is perfect for at least 6 people. I never have anymore than 5-6 in my room though. I don't like waiting to in line to shit or shower. Rooms are very spacious and clean. The hotel itself is right next to the Wynn if you want to club at Tryst.  The pool area is huge with a nice bar that has a mist spray. If you book far enough in advance, you can probably get the suites for about $300/night.The bad:- $2.50 for a pot of hot water and $4.50 delivery service to the room? BS! - No coffee maker in the room but I think you can ask the maids for it- No locks on bathroom doorBy the way, staying here gives you guest list for Tao Nightclub. Just tell the front desk when you check in. You get a separate line from the regular line. Same rules apply though. You still need to have a good ratio of girls and guys.
5	The ONE and the ONLY place I stay at when I visit Vegas, and I come often.  The hotel offers nothing but palatial suites, all of which come with sunken living rooms with plasma TVs and bathrooms to rival the size of a typical NY city apartment.  The amenities at the hotel are the best in show.  Canyon Ranch has an awesome gym, and every massage I've gotten there has ranked as one of the best ever.  The pools there are also some of the best.  The luxe tower of the Venetian- as if the regular tower isn't luxe enough- is called the Venezia.  The pool at that tower is remarkably phat.  You feel like Italian royalty being there.  Tao, which is also at the Venetian, is by far one of the most scorching hot spots Vegas has to offer.  I've been to Vegas some 10 times, and I can easily spend the whole time at the Venetian.
5	I don't think I'll be able to stay anywhere else the next time I am in Vegas. Had an amazing room, with an amazing view that was quiet and very comfortable. The 3 TV's was very appreciated by the boyfriend, so he could watch golf and I could listen to the news while getting ready for a night out. The staff were very friendly and helpful and check in and out was fairly easy (especially for Vegas in the summer). The pool was great but get there earlier for a good spot. And the Spa was absolutely the best! Canyon Ranch is my new hero!!! The only thing that was annoying was our room was somehow looked over 2 days in a row for cleaning, but once we called housekeeping they were very nice about it and it was cleaned ASAP. I'm a vegas veteran and honestly this was the best time I have ever spent in Vegas, much of that was due to the Venetian.And P.S. the shopping was amazing!!
5	Before vacation ownership, this was my hotel of choice.  It still is, too.So even though I didn't stay here this time around, I still came here a lot.  I saw a show, ate here twice, went shopping, and definitely hit the casino.And speaking of the casino- I love this one.  And even more now that I won a small jackpot that required a supervisor to issue me a W-2G form (for certain gambling winnings).  I wasn't happy about the formality, but I was about my payout!This casino is a really nice one.  Great tables and slot machines (especially The Sands slot machine area).  The free drinks are always flowing and I got my rewards card ready for some serious slot machine action.  The smoking patrons I can do without...but I'm in Vegas right?
4	This is an actual comment letter I wrote to the Venetian... after completing a survey for them.  I do really like the place... it's gorgeous.  I'm just nit picking because at these prices... doesn't it deserve to be perfect???CLOSE BUT NO CIGARTo Whom It May Concern:I love the Venetian - the decor, the rooms, the shows, simply beautiful.  I caught Blue Man Group the last time we were here and had the opportunity to catch Jersey Boys on this visit.  It was amazing.  We thoroughly enjoyed it all.However, I would have to say there were a few things I found lacking... One was the pools.  I would imagine that with this level of class and sophistication, we would have more to show for our pool areas.  I've stayed at five diamond resorts before and found these small over-crowded pools a bit distasteful.  I suppose there is a reason why Venetian doesn't make the best pools in Vegas list.Second, it would be the "Priority Services".  I called priority services for an additional extra large towel, a loofah, and a new ironing board cover(ours was wrinkled and bunchy, leaving imprints into our clothing).  A housekeeper arrived 40 minutes later, but not knowing what to bring me.  She told me to call again for the ironing board slip but managed to give me the other items.  When I called Priority Services for the third time (the 2nd call was to check up on them), they stated that the ironing board cover was not in their records and it would take up to another hour, since they were behind schedule.  We couldn't wait as we had plans while in Las Vegas and didn't have the luxury of time to wait hours for basic hotel amenities to arrive.Since we left before we were able to utilize the second towel, we were surprised to find that upon our return, someone had taken one of the extra large towels when replenishing our towels and exchanging our ironing board. We were yet again let with one extra large towel.  There are two guests staying here and we don't think it's too much to ask to have a extra large towel for each of us.  I also feel like the hotel should have made note of our preference and upheld it for our entire stay.Overall, our stay was still very enjoyable, and the potential is definitely there... It's more a matter of being so close to perfection but never quite getting there.  I realize that the Palazzo is new, but the Venetian is not.  And at this day in the game, I have higher expectations as a whole.Best Regards,She SaysStayed July 3-5th, 2008, Room 28-821
4	This is one of the prettier hotels.
5	Met my older brother here for his birthday this winter. I had been once before so I already knew the lay of the land. It can be a little disorienting the first time around. It is huge! And ever so beautiful. Ornate doesn't always mean schmaltzy. There is so much to do here. Shopping, shows, gondola rides - nice to get taken for a different kind of ride in Vegas. Food, food and more food.. Did I mention food? Yes. Good stuff.We splurged and got a two bedroom suite. Honestly, the master bathroom was almost as big as my apartment. And the view of Las Vegas was breathtaking. The little touches made it all the much better.And now for a couple of helpful hints: Bring your own water. Unless paying $6 for a bottle of water doesn't frost your cupcake. Get some ice, fill the sink with ice and put the bottles of water in. Turned out we didn't really need to do that because my dear brother lost six Gs playing blackjack. One of the floor guys came over and said, "Rooms on us kid." So... lose - win. We were also given free passes to Tao. Which wasn't my bag. Had a couple of drinks and hightailed it back to the beautiful bathroom and took a nice long soak and drank a little more. Fell soundly asleep in the big, incredibly comfortable bed.Next day I had an hour long Swedish massage in the spa. I was a puddle by the time she was finished. (Note: too classy for a happy ending). But it was sweet nonetheless.Brother swore off the blackjack and we went in for a little poker (really hoping your mind doesn't go THERE). This time he didn't drink - hint. Big hand for the little lady. I won his money back. And gave it to him for his birthday. Love this place.
4	We had a lovely stay at the Venetian; it's definitely one of the nicest hotels in Vegas.  The room was beautiful, the bed comfy, and the service was very accommodating.  My only gripe is, what the heck is that pungent smell in the reception and common areas???  We first noticed it when we were checking in.  It smells like something floral, like that smell in bathrooms, except that it was absolutely OVERWHELMING.  We asked the receptionist what that was about, and even she agreed that it was bad and that other guests had complained about it.  Yeow.  Maybe the Venetian was overcompensating for the smokers or the sweaty guests who were coming in from over 100 degree heat.
5	wayy nice.  when i first walked thru the main entrance, the opulence in the decor was overwhelming.  i would imagine it to be just like a nice place in italy.  lots of gorgeous women around, just be careful not to look like a slob ;)the room was amazing and spacious. high thread count sheets adorned way comfy beds, and there was a flat panel hdtv for each side of the room (and the bathroom!)  for those bargainers who like to cram the room full (you know who you are) the couch is nice to sleep on and fits 2.  the remote control curtains were nice and i think we had double pane windows so our room kept cool.  don't forget to hit up the pool too (truuusstt me)i want to try the bellagio first, but this stands as my preliminary best hotel in vegas.
4	Here's the skinny people- I will never even think about staying anywhere else when i am in Vegas (permitting they let me back in this hotel). I recently went to Vegas with seventeen people. There were fifteen staying at the Venetian twelve of them in three other adjoining rooms and me and my friend Sean in our own room down the hall. It was a very special young lady's twenty first birthday so needless to say we were partying like no tomorrow. Upon checking in i slipped Melissa (concierge/check in girl) a twenty dollar bill and asked for a room near my friends with a nice view where we would not disturb anyone. We were placed at the end of the hall on the ninth floor looking out over the pool and the strip...ridiculous.Once we settled in we called room service for extra ashtrays and glassware...no problem, how many would you like?? The VIP concierge (cowboy) got us all hooked up no line no cover at Tao (that's a huge group), Tao Beach club rocked out, once again show your room key and your in. If your a drunken slob like me and bring your glass down to the pool all loaded up with your favorite beverage do not fret... the super excited to help you, hot girls working the towel mansion will be happy to take your glass and turn it into plastic...full of your original tasty beverage.It seems like every single review I read on the Venetian is like "O MY GOD I AM SO DUMB THAT I CANT EVEN FIND MY WAY AROUND THIS PLACE CUZ ITS SO BIG" Cmon...really? that's it? your big complaint? Well my only complaint is the Venetian is full of girls and guys too stupid to either a) read a signb)ask directionsor c) remember where your room is(i know this is really hard, but if i can do it it full of drugs, saturated in alcohol with eight grams of pheromones spread across my upper lip...i think most of you stand a chance).So all in all I cannot wait to go back. I really am thinking about doing it again within the next month....my poor credit card is about to go on strike!!!
5	Three nights of luxury.temperature control? check.living room? check.flatscreen for each living room, bedroom, and bathroom? check.king-sized comfy bed? check.remote controlled drapes? check.double-sink bathroom so we can wash up at the same time? check.huuuuge comfy couch so that we can eat and watch tv not on the bed? check.customer service answering the phone with my name? check.separate shower and bath? check.cafes and restaurants open 24 hours right by the elevators downstairs? check.two remotes for the bedroom tv so each of you gets one per side of the bed? check.Honestly. There was nothing missing... I miss my suite!!!BTW: beware the minibar, I hear it's weight sensitive...so don't touch it!
3	The bottom line: It's a very pretty and comfortable hotel, but it does not deserve 5 stars, all-suite rooms and some impressive faux-Italian decor notwithstanding.If you want to know more: I was excited to stay at the Venetian on our last trip to Vegas, as on another visit a couple of years ago I had been impressed with the hotel's beauty. (Note to some Yelpers who have commented how pathetic an imitation of Venice the Venetian is--no duh! Did you actually expect it *would* be in any way comparable to the real thing? For Vegas--that is, over-the-top and flashy--I think the Venetian is generally lovely and opulent. Anyone who thinks it will compare to Venezia, Italy, however, is going to be sorely disappointed.)Anyway, the rooms are huge and generally comfortable, although the bed is nothing special, and I even thought the sheets were a bit rough--certainly not 5-star quality. The pillows, too, were sub-par, even a bit on the hard side.The bathroom was what my husband and I appreciated the most; it was pretty (prettier than the room, frankly, whose decor was nothing special), and while the toiletries were not luxurious, they did have a wonderful scent akin to orange pekoe tea. That might not be to everyone's taste, but I loved it.I noted many comments by other Yelpers about bad service, but all staff we encountered were nice and helpful. The women working in the business center, which we visited twice to check email and print driving directions for the next part of our trip, were especially helpful and very sweet.The only service problem occurred when one woman at the front desk directed us to the wrong place--and I mean WAY in the wrong direction--to catch the airport shuttle the morning we left, which I thought would have been pretty basic knowledge for anyone at the front desk to have. Fortunately, we were only going to the airport to pick up a rental car for the next leg of our trip, so missing the shuttle was not a disaster, and we got a taxi. (FYI if you're trying to save money on taxis--their airport shuttle runs only once an hour, on the hour.)What we both disliked about the Venetian was feeling nickled and dimed at every turn. Call  me naive--or cheap, even!--but $35 A DAY to work out in the fitness center? Yes, I know it's Canyon Ranch, but I just wanted to use a treadmill for 30-45 minutes. I could see paying something--though not $35--for a fitness class, maybe, but I thought guests could generally use the standard equipment in hotel gyms for free. So, my husband and I just burned calories walking down the Strip and sweating them off (literally!). Room service was also stratospherically priced, and I have been fortunate enough to have room service in other 5-star hotels not only here but in Europe. I think room service in the real Venice might actually have been slightly cheaper, but if not, the food would certainly have been better. My husband's lamb chops cost $42, and he said they were good but not great. My bowl of minestrone was so salty it could have been Campbell's. (At least it cost only $8.) We were also charged several dollars for my pitcher of TAP water. (No, "TAP" is not the latest luxury H2O brand.) The cheesecake we split was good, however, as was my husband's glass of Merlot. I'll just say that the total room service bill, NOT including the extra tip we gave, cost more than the two nights' accommodation, including breakfast, we paid for later in the week for a simple but perfectly nice motel in southern Utah. Yes, I know it was the Venetian, but that's why the quality of the food should have been in line with the prices.As others here have noted, they do try to pressure you to upgrade to a larger, more expensive suite upon check-in, but I didn't think the woman who was checking us in overdid it. I politely made it clear we were fine with what we'd booked, and she left it at that.Bouchon, their Thomas Keller restaurant, was a big disappointment (check out my review if you're interested), but their Grand Lux Cafe was reasonably priced and had pretty good food and friendly service. We had both breakfast and dinner there one day.At least one Yelper commented unfavorably on the large number of kids. I concur. If you are going to bring children, why the Venetian? Try Circus Circus or someplace else kids will enjoy (and where you won't blow your family's monthly food budget on one night's room service). While I did not see any kids behaving badly, I could hear some children shouting in their rooms--the walls are pretty thin--and in the hallways. Since I doubt the average American parent is going to teach his or her children good manners anytime soon, that's one more thing you may want to take into consideration if you're thinking of staying at the Venetian.
4	Please build, like, another three banks of elevators.  The damn thing stopped on very floor.Thanks for the pullout bed, though.  And the blackout shades.I'm sad your poker room stopped spreading 15/30.  Have to go to the Wynn.Also, I hear that the Venetian-Sands is owned by some right-wing nutjob.  That makes me unhappy to think that all the money I drop at low-EV table games might have helped Bush win in 2004.
4	This hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed at.  If it weren't for our friends who had accummulated enough points to stay here and invite us, I don't think I would have ever been able to experience the 200+ dollar suite =)The suite had two beds, two flat screens, a sofa, a pull out couch, a mini fridge and mini bar, toilet, two sinks, vanity mirror, bath tub and a shower.  The whole place was spaceous.We were able to fit six people comfortably.  Two on each beds and one on the sofa and the other one of the sofa pull out bed.  No one complained about their sleeping area and even the two not on the bed said their "beds" were comfortable.There wasn't really much of a view from our window (on the 200's), and that was alright.  The windows in the rooms are kind of tinted, so it was kind of hard to tell whether it was sunny or not.At first, it was easy to get lost in the hotel because there are so many elevators.  We thought the different elevators took us to different places and buildings, but don't be fooled, the elevators takes you to the same floor, just different spots on that floor.Got to the pool around 5 and it was crowded.  No place to sit and the only reason we got lucky was because it was late and the sun was disappearing behind the clouds so people left.  Water looks kinda dirty.  People that worked down by the pools arent very nice.. maybe because they have to carry tons of wet towels across town to get to the other side of the pool.Food court here down by the casino is delicious.  Try the pizza place--they have great wraps for a great price!
4	I never thought i would ever get to stay in a suite at the venetian but this past weekend i was able to do so.. with the help of 13 family members and friends! ya it sounds like a ton of people but we were all quite comfortable. We got two suites which were connecting. so much fun! beautiful rooms. great views overlooking the pool and the employees are extremely nice. i would definately stay here again! the only reason why i took off a star is because of all the walking! so many different elevators.. long halls.. and getting lost all weekend! hahaah if you do decided to go, make sure you ask to stay in the main venetian tower. we stayed in venezia tower by bouchon and it is just too far from everything.. especially when your trying to stumble back into your room from TAO which doesnt seem so far but it actually is!!!!!!
5	what a fantastic hotel! i'm usually one of those people who stays at a decent hotel only because i'll only be there to sleep, so why pay tons of money for a hotel where you'll spend 8 hours a night, tops? boy was i wrong. the hot vegas weather had me begging to go back to the room. i actually spent a lot more time in there than i thought. my cousins and i shared 2 suites (not sure which it was exactly, but each suite had 2 queen beds). there were 14 of us and we were actually quite comfy. for about $1400, we stayed in the most luxurious hotel in vegas (in my opinion) and it was great! the staff is so nice, it's super clean, there's tons of space, and the bathroom is THE perfect bathroom. i wish my bathroom at home was as big as the one at the venetian. the pool's really nice, too. the hot tub is as big as normal sized swimming pools! and it's great! i'll for sure be back!
5	This hotel is absolutely beautiful the moment you enter. It has high ceilings painted like the Vatican, marble floors, lots of attention to detail. The rooms were amazing; eight girls shared two adjoining suites and we were plenty comfortable and pleased. The pool deck was fun, with multiple areas to choose from, ranging from more family friendly to the raucous Tao Beach area where Pauly Shore kept lingering all weekend. Turns out he's a total weirdo. Anyway, I digress. The casino is classy, there are tons of awesome restaurants and shops. The shopping area is lit up and painted to appear like you're outside on a beautiful day, surrounded by real waterways and gondolas. Tao nightclub was a bit too crowded for my taste, but I still had an amazing time. I barely left the premises in three days!
5	SO beautiful!only complaint? the public bathrooms arent clean as most of the public bathrooms in vegas. but who cares, the architecture is amazing! its so vast and grand without seeming too cheesy.
5	I was lucky enough to stay at The Venetian for my first time in Las Vegas with the boyfriend.  This was before Tao was built and definitely before the Wynn was there.  We booked a suite with a king sized bed online from the united airlines company for their vacation package.  When we arrived in the hotel, I was instantly taken away by the beautiful artwork throughout the hotel lobby and the intricate details throughout.  We were initally in line in the main lobby but we were quickly ushered to another lobby where there were no lines an elevator ride away.  We had no problems checking in and I was deeply impressed by their suite.  My favorite place in the room had to be the bathroom!! It was large, separate glass shower, soaking tub, dual sinks, and a toilet in its separate room, and a vanity table with a magnifying mirror!  There were 2 fluffy robes hanging in the closet.  The sunken living room was huge and I liked the fact the bed had recessed reading lights.  The shops downstairs are great, so are some of their restaurants.  There are lots of variety of stores suitable for almost everyone.  How can you not love a hotel with gondolas strolling around the manmade rivers?!  If I can afford to stay in the Venetian again, I would be there in a heart beat.
3	UPDATE: 8/8/8 - No response was ever made in return from the Venetian or the Palazzo.  I guess they do well enough to not care.
5	I make an excuse to say here every 3 months or so.  The time in between is hell.
4	I almost always stay here while I'm in Vegas.  To the same point, I don't always pay for the room so I may have some bias towards it - But I really do enjoy staying here, with some minor quips.First of all, the property is huge - this isn't your normal Vegas venue.  There is no buffet or coffee shop, and the people here are generally the types that look like they restrict themselves to staying here, the Bellagio, Wynn, Trump, or equally extravagant venue.  With the addition of the Palazzo, this property has tons of restaurants run by famous chefs, great designer shopping (including a Barney's New York!), and the lowest full service restaurant is the Grand Lux Cafe.  The casino is large, the gaming tables in the center of all of the slot machines.  The limits on tables are usually $25 mins on weekends and $15 at other times.  There is a fairly large poker room with mid to high level games going on at all times.The rooms are huge.  Probably the largest "normal" rooms on the strip, they rival the square footage of many studios here in Los Angeles.  They come in arrangements of 1 King size, or 2 Queen size beds, with a lower level that has a pull out sofa-bed, dining table, and desk.  The bathrooms have separate showers and baths, as well as a separated toilet room, and two sinks.  The larger suites have are very spacious and some have amenities such as elliptical machines, guest bathrooms with bidets, large televisions, huge bathrooms, and nice formal living rooms.  It's very easy to just get a normal room here and share with multiple people - 4-6 can sleep very comfortably for the same cost as other establishments.The negatives I have are kind of derived from the positives.  The place is just too large.  Because of the way the hotel was built, with the original venetian first, then the Venezia, and then the Palazzo, it's a wonder they've been able to layout everyone on the limited amount of land they have.  Aside from the fact that pools are above the mall, and the canals rest above the casino, the various towers and rooms start on totally different floors.  The Venezia tower, for example, has a lobby that is equivalent to the 10th floor of the original Venetian.  Because of this, people get lost very easily, and it takes forever to get from one place to another if you're trying to meet people up.  Also, if you're trying to explain where things are, it gets very confusing to people who don't know their way around the property.  Size issues aside, the only other quip I have is that because of the old world elegance that the Venetian is emulating, it's not going to have some of the same luxuries as say, the Wynn, or the Trump.  There are no electronic curtains in the rooms.  The beds don't have down comforters.  These are things some people who are paying for a 5 star resort may come to expect.With the negatives aside, I still really enjoy coming here.  Add that to the fact that it houses two great Broadway shows in the Jersey Boys and Phantom of the Opera and it's hard to miss out whenever I come and stay here.
5	How can you not give this luxurious, beautiful hotel 5 starts.  As soon as you walk in, it looks like you're in Italy with the beautiful ceilings,  paintings marble decor.  I'm very much into architecture and design.  This place is outstanding, it gets an A + from me.
4	8.01.08: It's my best friend's birthday so we wanted to enjoy luxury! After shopping and eating at a freaking food court it was time to head to the beautiful Venetian. I guess we came just in time, we only waited about 3 minutes to check in.Marcela is her name! She helped us out alot. Me: Can we can get a room with a pull-out sofa bed?Marcela: Sure.My Girl: Thanks.Me: O the only reason why we need a sofa bed is because she's a pig. *points to my girl*Marcela: GigglesMe: Seriously she's small and only 4 feet 11, but man she can kick you off the bed.Everyone: GigglesMarcela: Yea she is a small girl..Let me see if there is one available.My Girl: I need my space. My Girl: Can we get a room that is high? Like up up up there?Me: yea please?Marcela: Ok, *type type type* We have one room available but its an extra $50 each night. Me and my girl: *sigh*Me: NM thanks for checking I don't wanna go broke just to have a nicer view. Marcela: Yea true stick with what you have. You're probably gonna be out partying most of the night.Me and my girl: *nodds*Marcela knows vegas..anyone that comes to vegas stays in their room maximum 2 hours. ha ha.I had a tummy ache on the way to our room elevator. Man lets just say thank goodness for that restroom. It was clean, beautiful, and located perfectly when I needed it.Up to the 5th floor we go! We didn't have a nice view but the room was beautiful. We were going to take a picture but we already messed up the room in 2 mins. our suit cases everywhere, we pull out the sofa bed and etc. Four stars still? Why? Although everything about it was lovely and Marcela was great, there is one big big downer! The room has not been fully cleaned. We didn't have enough towels, the robe from the closet was missing, our iron didn't fully work and it damaged my dress, there was used q-tips in the restroom, there was not a plastic bag that should have came with our ice bucket, and what else....???... Yea that should be it..The pool was nice but very very crowded. But I gotta say one thing, this is the place to be! Everyone and almost everyone is pretty good looking. All the girls and guys. Man its freaking amazing. Its like a swimsuit fashion up in here! OOoOoo LA LA!Wish to stay here again if we can find cheaper rates! O and this place is most worth it since its a suite compared to other hotels with the same rate. LOVE IT!Did you say vegas? Take me!
5	Okay... so the parking can be a mess trying to get in, and I really don't understand the purpose of using those security people to check the cars when they wave everyone through... but this hotel is still one of my favorite ones to stay at.We got upgraded at no additional cost into a HUGE suite... 1500 sq feet! Hell the jacuzzi bathroom was bigger than my room!!!The suite was beautiful, lots of TV's, we definitely enjoyed the olympics in HD. One of the benefits of staying there was their kick ass concierge service. They managed to not find me a Chick Fil A, but told me the closest was somewhere in California, make 3 different reservations for me accomodate my 20 changes to those reservations, give me directions, and they did it all with a smile!Loved the loofah and toiletries that they tucked away in our room. The turn down service was kick ass along with the amazing chocolates they served. The bed was super comfortable and the sheets were soft. My only gripe was that the jacuzzi didn't drain fast enough so we flooded the bathroom 3 times.
5	I heart the Venetian!  Especially with the extensive redecorating that they have undertook.  The last time I stayed at this hotel the decor was much more gilded and quite ornate.  Of course the last time I stayed here I have very vivid memories involving an ice bucket and an Ann Taylor bag.  You so don't want to know. ;)Anyway, the new decor is so pretty!  Very art deco and contemporary, but in a warm cozy way.  I loved it.  The beds in our suite were so plush.  We had a beautiful view of the Wynn's golf course.  It was quite a surprise to push the remote control button to open the roman shade and see some green (and I don't mean cash).  The Venetian has also expanded it's shopping opportunities with the addition of the Palazzo shops including Barneys, Ralph Lauren (no longer at Caesar's from what I could tell), Burberry, Jimmy Choo and other drool-worthy additions.  The new Paige and Seven stores weren't open just yet but I'm sure they will have a lot of business.Everything about our stay was made so nice and relaxing by all of the wonderful Venetian staff.  Molto bene!  ;)
4	Really nice rooms.Expensive, and the casino doesn't appear as classy as the Wynn casino.
5	The Venetian has always been my favorite Las Vegas hotel attraction and earlier this year I was lucky enough to stay here for a bachelorette weekend. First off, the lobby is just elegant. Something about walking through with my rolling luggage amongst the marble floors and painted archways made me feel like a million bucks. And it just kept getting better. Once in our suite I discovered 2 plush queen size beds each with a beautiful lounge chair at the foot, a sunken living room with an L-shaped couch, desk area AND dining table, and THREE flat screen TVs! One in the living room, one in the bedroom and a bonus one in the bathroom!  The bathroom was the best..with 6 ladies having to doll up each night to go out, we could all do our hair/make-up comfortably without having to sit on eachothers laps or rub elbows! The bathroom has a separate sink area (2 sinks), vanity area (with seat), toilet room, glass shower stall, and deep tub. Oh and ofcourse, double doors leading to a full length mirror, marble floors and excellent lighting. It was every girl's dream. We were able to try out the Spa and at $150 for a one hour massage, you get an experience you wish could last forever. I work hard for my money so once in a while I like to get a little (ok a lot!) pampered. The fluffy white robes, the attentive spa attendants, the complimentary juice and fruits, the soothing voice of the masseuse, the MASSAGE itself...all left me with a huge perma-smile for the rest of the day.  I cannot wait to go back! Other great perks at the Venetian besides the beauty and central location - home of Tao Restaurant and Nightclub (my favorite vegas nightspot!), lots of high end shopping and adjacent to the new Palazzo Hotel, a foodcourt if you need something quick or if on a budget, and ofcourse...the GELATO in the middle of the shopping area is something you cannot miss!*sigh*...my heart beats for the Venetian....
4	This was the first time I stayed at the Venetian in Vegas.  I went with a group of 12 girlz, so we ended up booking 2 suites with 6 girlz per room.  I paid $85 and some change for two nights which I don't think is bad at all.  The rooms are nice and they have two HD TVs in each suite.  Housekeeping was really accommodating every time we called for more towels.  Though I was on hold with the front desk for a while.  This hotel can be a little confusing in layout.  We had to take two sets of elevators every time we came back and forth from our suite.  The casino is nice, but it was hard for me to find the time to gamble since it was so confusing getting back and forth.  (I normally gamble during my down time, but I didn't really get the chance this past trip.)  All in all, this hotel is nice, but I think I'll try to stay somewhere a little less confusing next time.
4	I love Venice, so after staying at the Palms, Hardrock and the Wynn I decided it was time to stay in Italian luxury. I picked New Years Eve to do this......so I'll admit, my review may be a bit off for normal stays.The boy and I arrived at 10am, jumped in a cab, and pulled up to the splendor that is the Venetian. As we got into the enormous line for check-in, a concierge came up to us and escorted us to the second floor check-in where there was no line, ( I know I like to pretend I'm someone, but I have no idea why we got the star treatment......HUGE bonus points though). Also, what hotel lets you check in this early?Our room was a bit of a hike through  the hotel, because honestly, it is HUGE, but once in our suite, it was like a little villa overlooking a canal. The gorgeous room was not only a sleeping area, like most hotel rooms, but it seemed like you could really live here for awhile. I mean, couch, table,chairs,bed,shower,and most importantly a bathtub! The beds were comfy,although it had a comforter on it, that I'm sure isn't washed after every guest, (I have comforter issues). Sheets were soft, pillows were fluffy,and it was the perfect bed to pass out in at 8am when we finally got to sleep.Service was amazing! Normally I plan way in advance for dinner reservations and such, but for once I didn't. I called the concierge, NYE and she was able to get us reservations at 8pm at Postrio, ( talking about service...wow!). I also have to give them bonus points for my 4am drunken rambling, when I decided to extend my stay. The next morning (ok afternoon) I went downstairs I extend my stay, and they kindly informed me I had already done that the night before...uhhh....(wow, go me and the blacked out reservation skills). Huge points for them for even dealing with me.Overall, the hotel is gorgeous, the service is impeccable, and while the price is on the higher end, it is well worth it. Next time I stay here I'd probably come with a group of like 5 girls, making it way cheap.
5	I can't say any negative things about the Venetian. Well, other than it's a total zoo on Sundays departure at the valet. but thats expected.Anyway, the rooms are amazing: Spacious lowered living room with a flat screen, and DVD. The bedroom was big enough to fit 2 queen beds, also with a flat screen.  The Bell service noticed we had alcohol with us, so right away he asked if we wanted a mini fridge. they brought one up, free.the bathroom has a big bath, and a seperate shower. it also has a tv inside. the best thing of all has to be the seperate toilet haha. if you gotta take a shit, it wont stink up the whole bathroom.amazing place. i recommend staying at the more modern "Venetian Towers"
5	We stayed here for the hubby's birthday weekend and it was amazing!What is that smell? I LOVE it!  they have this scent that spray's I believe it's called seduction.  Every time I passed the lobby my nostrils where in bliss:)Our room was awesome with a sunken living space to sit and relax.  The tub was a good size perfect for two:)  There was also a tv to enjoy in the bathroom while getting dolled up.  The bed was very comfortable and we basically sunk in after long nights or mornings however you look at it teehee.   The casino was nice and we had the pleasure of meeting cool dealers...although I wasn't very good:(  But thats ok because Club Tao is there to dance away the woe's!The Palazzo is adjacent and there are tons of shops to visit.  I was very impressed although I did get lost a fews times but always managed to find way back.  with a little help from the guards...we had a separate elevator we had to find to get to our rooms thats all...by the time we left we had it down.
5	I love this place and stay here every time I go to Vegas.  The rooms are all suites so the standard rooms are larger than pretty much all other casinos on the strip.  I would highly recommend staying at the Venetian tower rather than the Venezia as the rooms are remodeled and much nicer for the same price.  Everyone is always so friendly here!  Last weekend when I was there, the bf and I checked out on Sunday and were going to go home, but we were on a roll playing poker so decided to stay an extra night.  When they found out about it, they upgraded us to a very nice suite with an awesome view of the strip!  And of course we got the poker room rate which was a plus as well.  =)
4	did i like the hotel?  yes! would i stay again?  not unless i find a great deal!although the goods outweigh the bads at the venetian, what's bad on the list is a non-negotiable item, at least for me.  the goods:- suite is huge with a sunken living room and 2 flat screen tv's.- bathroom is beautiful with marble floors, separate bath and shower, another flat screen tv and double vanities.- there's a door to toilet room(!) which makes things a lot convenient and less embarrassing in case you have to take #2 :)- great restaurants and shops so you never have to leave the hotel premise.- the main lobby is about 30 feet from the casino, so the hotel feels less crowded and gives the un-vegas like impression, especially if you are staying in venezia tower.the bads:- mind boggling layout of the place (10th floor on main tower somehow becomes 4th floor on venezia tower).- valet parking is always full...is that even possible?- pool area is not a place to flaunt your dd size boobs (so friggin' fake and i am not being jealous) nor a fashion show runway to sport your gucci stilettos.- 1 ply toilet papers...wtf!!!  this is so ghetto for a hotel at this caliber and absolutely non-negotiable.the venetian hotel is NOTHING like venice, italy, except for its confusing layout.  the main theme here is "bigger the better".  the only reason i'd ever book this hotel in the future would be to enjoy the tub and the room itself.  and this time, i'd make sure to bring my own charmin ultra soft with my bf in tow.
1	again this is not a fair review but i need to speak up about this. i didn't stay here. BUT...this place SMELLS SO BAD that i had to leave while friends of mine ate lunch in one of the cafes. it is the most awful smell and i couldn't figure out why nobody else was gagging and holding their nose - until i heard a little kid say "mommy... why does this place smell like soap?" i'm nauseous writing this... it smelled like air freshener from the dollar store... used in a trailer... filled with women who are sweating and wearing cheap perfume and lady products. SICK!
5	When I next go to Vegas, I plan on staying in the Venetian because it's the most beautiful of the resorts in my opinion. Beeeeeeautiful inside. But then, I'm a huge fan of the for reals Venice -- which I went to after I went here and was astounded at the accuracy they put into this hotel. Like when I saw Notre Dame cathedral in Paris ten years after having seen the Disney movie and was floored at how great the animation had been. Thank you, pop culture. Not that either the hotel or the movie live up to their respective influences, but the attention to detail makes me appreciate them in a completely different way. But I digress.Anyway, this place is beautiful and massive and amazing. I'm sure the rooms aren't quite as grand as the resort itself. Or, rather, I'm sure the rooms that *I* could afford aren't quite as grand as the resort itself. But it's a great place to set up your base, and really, you don't spend much time in your hotel room in Vegas.
4	Open for 24 hours?! that means I can be hungry all night long!I expected it to be just like another late night cafe in Vegas -  you know, the kind that serves pizza, hot dogs, and bagels all night long.  Had no idea that it was the same parent company as the Cheesecake factory, even though the presentation was fabulous, and the bags looked really similar.  go fig!Anyway i had the max burger, medium with bacon, avocado, and grilled onions  - if there was a ten dollah burger that was worth it, I think this was it.  I ate half of it and I was done for.Server wasn't always there, but it was a Saturday night, after club hours, so *shrug*.  Anyway, my food was delish, and when our guy was around, he was prompt and courteous.    I wanted non-fast food, but the burger looked so good, i went back on my word.  Anyway, it's a good place for food cooked to order, variety, and table service.  Eat here!
3	After another weekend spent in the Palazzo/Venetian complex, I definitely still feel like Venetian does NOT live up to the other 5 star hotels (Wynn, Bellagio, theHotel, etc) in Vegas! This weekend's point of contention... the sportsbook. Wow Venetian has the crappiest sports book in town. They wouldn't even make lines on a lot of the games, the room is cramped ugly and looks like a ballroom from a 2 star hotel. Gross uncomfortable chairs, overcrowded, ugh. All around a bad sportsbook. Luckily we got smart on Sunday and went to Green Valley ranch instead.. sad when you have to leave your 5 star hotel on the strip to watch the game because the conditions suck so much.
4	I like this place, always have. Kind of an adult theme park, but the rides cost a fortune. The pluses, very nice staff. The other hotels in this class range, The Bellagio, The Wynn, are significantly more expensive. THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is about the only real parallel price wise. The room was nice, but a little worn. The pools were great. The casino was, well, a casino. The shows were, well, Vegas shows.The only real negative, which was dealt with before our flight, was a charge of $130 for the honor bar in our room. We never touched it, avoided it like a pariah. The staff had to do a manual inventory on it before we could get credited back. We couldn't wait. They called as we drove our rental back and emailed a copy of the receipt to me. All in all they dealt with it well and courteously.
5	Beautiful hotel! The room was huge and very comfortable. Their shopping area is also beautiful and luxury. I'd go back there for sure! I'm not into gambling but I enjoyed the stay there.
5	Okay - first my obvious bias should be stated: I am the lowest of the low roller, and I get a postcard in the mail promising me three free nights at the Venetian...yea, my first though is "nothing in America is free" - yet, this really was...changed my reservation at Mandalay Bay to Venetian and decided to see how the big V stacked up to my favorite Las Vegas property (MB)Check in - a bit of confusion bc of my complicated last name, pronunciation issues and an overall misunderstanding...solved quickly and we were soon in our amazing suite overlooking the incredible mountains...beautiful HUGE room with great bed (the girlfriend and I particularly loved this) and sweet bathroom with great amenities (if I can watch Friends from the bath with blood orange bath salts while she was showering, I am not going to complain).The pool here is just wonderful - relaxed, sophisticated and overall just the place to enjoy a few days in paradise (loungers in the water with pool girls bringing you bloody mary's and fresh orange slices/cold towels) Great service and make sure to check out Riva the pool area cafe bc it was one of the best place we ate the whole trip!We had excellent housekeeping service and wonderful cocktail service in the Palazzo (we didn't gamble in Venetian).I would totally stay here again (even if it weren't free)!
1	WARNING:  This casino smells SOOOOOOO BAD!!!! My boyfriend and I were both nauseated and left with killer headaches.What jackass thought it would be a good idea to pump in ridiculously awful "perfume" (read: floral vomit with sauna like intensity) to the casino.My boyfriend and I had reservations for dinner at Zefferino and it was too late to go elsewhere.  We were so starved we made our way (while trying to breathe as shallowly as possible) through the offensive odor to the restaurant, hoping beyond all hope that they wouldn't be stupid enough to fill the restaurants with the "perfume" too.  Wrong.  Slightly less horrendous, but still that.I can't relay this strongly enough.  Stay away!I don't know when they started doing this, but they should STOP!I can't believe there was anyone in the casino at all.  I also can't believe half the people weren't doubled over gagging.
4	Nice hotel, nice suite, nice area to hang out.  Not impressed with the pool... for this hotel, I would expect to see a much better pool, it totally disappointed me.  The pool area is small compared to the size of the hotel... Beside the pool, everything else was perfect or almost perfect :)
4	Just stayed here last week and gotta say that the suites are pretty nice.....but not as nice as The Trump!   However, the regular suite at the Venetian may not be in the same room-class as the 1-bdrm suite at the Trump.  Whatever.So, I do agree with some of the other folks who said that the smell of the hotel lobby is horrid.  Absolutely horrid.  It doesn't even smell like perfume?  It smells more like ass.But, once you get thru the lobby, then the smell is more inviting....smoke!  Haha....you're in a casino, what do you expect!?  The casino is.....well, it's a casino!   You see one, you've pretty much seen them all.   We were going to eat at Delmonico's but chose Ruth's Chris instead, but that's a different review!Other than that, the rooms are well appointed.  Robes, big bath towels, marble, seperate shower, two flat screens and one in the bathroom for everyone's entertainment.   Oh,  and the sick part of the room....the window coverings are all done by remote control! Oh, and I didn't get a chance to go to the pool, but it looked pretty small in relation to the size of the hotel.
2	I have stayed here many times and originally impressed with the size of the suites.   After the last visit I will stay elsewhere.  The furniture in the suite we were given was totally dated and worn out. So we were given a refurbished room and although the furniture was nicer, the view of the strip was meager and mostly a view of the construction of some new condo's overlooking the pool area.While staying here we ordered breakfast room service and received the crappiest food ever.  The casino and other public areas are becoming totally cheesy like an amusement park and the staff housekeeper yelling on her cellphone in spanish was totally ghetto.  We checked out and moved across the street to the Bellagio which was much nicer.
5	Let me just say that with the amount that I play I will comped at any casino.This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  VIP Lounge is the nicest that I have been to.  They always have fresh fruit, pastries, soft drinks, hot coffee in there for there guests.  I never have to wait long for service.  They are always as accommidating as possible with all the extras I usually ask for.  Cabanas, show tickets, concerts, limos.Venetian has two of my three favorite restaurants - Bouchon and Delmonico's.  The third is the buffet at the Bellagio.The rooms are very nice and quite large.  There is always adleast two beds because the couch folds out to be a bed.  There is usually fresh flowers and fresh fruit in the room waiting for me.  I really like the chocolate they leave when they turn down your bed at night.I have stayed here adleast 20 times over the past 10 years.  The place to stay in Vegas.
5	beautiful rooms and great location..it also has one of the best nightlcub in Vegas...TAO...so if  ur drunk & tired from partying in TAO  jus go up to ur room. rooms are spacious and very clean. service is great too.
3	Date of visit: Friday, October 03 to Saturday, October 05I chose the Venetian this Las Vegas trip because the International Vision Expo was conveniently located in their Sands convention area. I've thoroughly enjoyed their theme and decor as a visitor on many occasions, but as a hotel guess, I felt the Venetian did not deliver a five star hotel experience.Pros: 1. Check-in was quick and efficient with smiles.2. Security officers check to ensure patrons heading into the elevators are indeed guess. 3. The room had the usually amenities I've come to expect; fax machine, high-speed Internet access, iron and board, safe, wine glasses and wine bottle opener, and LCD televisions.Cons:1. Valet parking is located within the parking structure on the third level. I've never paid too much attention to this detail until my recent stay. why offer valet service at all if it is not available at the front of the hotel? If I have to drive into the structure to the third floor, I might as well save myself the time and find my own parking stall. Ridiculous!2. The room door slams shut every time with a loud semi-thunderous thud. I suppose this is a security precaution to ensure each room is shut and locked after access. Nevertheless it gets annoying, especially in the morning when patrons and maids alike are going in and out of the rooms.3. The cheap RCA alarm clock was hard to program. I know this sounds insignificant, but after a long night in Las Vegas, I'd like to rest easy in my bed knowing I can rely on an alarm to wake me at a timely hour.4. The window curtain remote was "hit or miss" at best. Sometimes it functioned, sometimes it did not.In short, I would not recommend, but neither would I advise against, a stay at the Venetian. My experience was uniquely my own.
5	One of the prettiest hotels on the street - The Venetian does a tremendous job of transporting you back to Venice without a care in the world. My favorites in the Venetian?1. Tao restaurant (even though I'm not a fan of Asian food - this place blew me away)2. The boat rides around the hotel3. The singing4. The clouds in the sky in the shopping area5. The extravagant rooms with sofa beds and everything!6. The extremely pleasant service7. The ginormous Sephora planted on the ground floorso my list could really go on and on and on and on and on.......You just have to experience it for yourself!
5	amazing hotel!!!!
2	I feel bad having to give the Venetian only 2 stars.  The hotel was amazing.  The rooms beautiful, clean and comfortable.  The service was top-notch.BUT...the scent they pump through this hotel is so overpowering you can literally taste it.  I asked the front desk if a perfume bottle broke or something and they proudly told me it was their signature scent, "Seduction" (translation=cheap old lady perfume).  It is pumped through the air ducts.Knowing what we do now about chemical fragrance products being toxic ...I can't believe they continue to do this.  It's in all parts of the hotel, even the restaurants.  When I left the hotel my hair even smelled like it.  :(  I really did love the Venetian, but this made me not want to spend my time there or come back.
5	SPACIOUS!I have to say, for a standard room (non-uber suite) on the strip, The Venetian (and The Palazzo) offers the most space for the buck. There is the sleeping part with the 2 Queen beds, and then there is the sitting area with a sofa (that pulls out into a bed), sitting chairs, regular chairs, and a couple tables. Flat panel LCD TVs in both the sleeping AND sitting area, multiple phones, and a fax machine.The closet auto-lights up. The bathroom is uber-spacious as well. Dual sinks, separate toilet area, bath tub, and a shower stall. The shower has two nozzles that spray more water on you [if you turn it on] along with the overhead shower.The room was very clean. Service was wonderful. They brought up more towels and an insane amount of toiletries when we asked for more.The hotel itself is very large and beautiful. I agree with the other yelper that said the smell is overpowering. The [many] pools were beautiful. The nightclub is awesome. The gambling areas are clean, yet I find the chairs a bit too stiff and high.
4	I only walked thru here.  This place, Wynns and the Mirage were by far the most pleasing visually speaking.
4	I had a very nice stay here recently.  the over all beauty of this giant palace is overwhelming.  great service with plenty of workers that are actually nice.  we stayed in the Venezia wing in one of their suites.  very spacious with a nice firm  mattress.  room is big with the nice plasmas, little soaps, nice robes with sandals, mini fridge, etc...if you need to work, they have a fax, internet hook up and a nice table to spread all your paperwork out. a sunken living room for doing my yoga was cool. another big tv here.  good security as you're always asked to present key card before entering a elevator.i really like the big window with a view, that way if we feel like nasty exhibitionist we can  just do it by the big window.  yes that was us on the 20th floor.  how's that ole vegas saying go? just bullshitting, OK?the pools were all heated and not crowded. food is great from the deli to the higher end resturants.  the gym was nice with all the cardio to weight equip you could ask for. plenty of classes to choose from . they have a huge rock climbing wall.  it's about 80+ feet up so you better trust your belayerthe spa was closed for remodeling so i got to go to the Palazzo spa.  a very nice set up with huge sauna, steam, cold ice room=big walk in fridge, huge whirlpool roman bath thing. the nicest treat was this special shower room that you enter and push a button for the desired affect.  i tried all of them, tropical rain to carribean storm.  unreal maze of shower heads, heated lamps with a cool sound system.  at the end of this shower, a beautiful lady is standing there handing you a towel even though you're naked......ha ha-you wishthe Belliago and this place are my favs
4	The sad little pool that the Gondola's drifted in was rather disappointing. I guess my expectations were a bit off.My broke college-student arse only whimpered as we walked by the shops here such as Fendi, Coach, and Manolo Blahnik. 'Some day,' I hoped.And as if fate, the Gods of gambling, Ala etc. took pity on my poor soul and bestowed VGL (Virgin Gambler's Luck) upon me. As my man-friend played $100 of blackjack, I decided to roam the Casino floor and play the only game I could figure out for myself. Dollar slots. And within 10 credits I won over 200 dollars! Might sound like chump change to you high rollers but not for me! I cashed that sh*t out with a quickness!!
3	Pretty nice place to stay. We got a suite for $300 for 2 nights. Overall it's pretty good, close proximity to TI, Mirage, Palazoo, and Caesar's. They have everything you would want here, casino, food court, club, shopping, and GRAND LUX CAFE (read my review!!). The parking kind of sucks here. Lots of security so you feel kind of safe. The pool areas, there are 3 areas, nothing special here. Tao Beach is kind of whack. Now the stay. Rooms are pretty good sized. Beds are comfortable. OMG...the curtains are AWESOME!!! I woke up at like around 10:30 both mornings and the room was so dark that it felt like it was still 4 in the morning. Speaking of 4 in the morning, our first night's stay...I had trouble sleeping, went to bed around 2ish. Then was about to reach sleep REM...when the couple next to us got into a hella-va argument, screaming and all that at 4 in the morning!!! ARGH! It took security a good 15+ minutes to respond! Hence the 3 stars. If you ignore that...then defintely 4 stars, but it really annoyed the heck out of me!!! I didn't have very good sleep here because of that. Also the casino to the room is kind of a long walk. Nice place, I'd come back to stay here again!
5	I've stayed at about 10 hotels in Vegas.  Hands down, this is my favorite.  For the money, this place is a steal.  The rooms are huge!  And the pool (Pretty sure) is open year around.  This is a plus as nearly all hotels in Vegas close the pools in November.
5	I've always wanted to go to Italy and while The Venetian Hotel and Casino is probably nothing like the real Italy, I felt I was transported there briefly while I was in Las Vegas. Everything from the beautiful paintings on the ceiling to the impeccable service and Michelin Star restaurants just steps from your "Suite" rooms, The Venetian is nothing short of 5 stars! Its one of those hotels that you just don't want to leave because well they got everything you need. Great shows such as Blue Man Group and Michelin Star restaurants such at Restaurant Charlie, why would you. With three TVs in the rooms, a living room to relax during the day, a bed that is so comfy you may find yourself not getting out of it and the bathrooms that are fit for kings and queens, this place is top class. When I go back to Las Vegas I will be sure to skip all the aggravation of choosing where to stay because I already know its The Venetian.
4	What's NOT to like??? Beautiful, clean, astoundingly good beds/linens, huge, well-equipped bathrooms, stellar customer service, yada yada, it's all been said! The pools are great! Many food options - from fast and inexpensive to sloooow, amazing and pricey.Turn-down service at night - love that! Calling the strip view a strip view is a bit of a stretch. Whatever, the rooms are top-notch!  Very well-insulated in the sounds from the hall/neighbors department.One weird thing, when I first saw the TV in the bathroom, accompanied by a lovely large tub, my first thought was, ooooooh, I just love a nice soak! Then I noticed that if I were, in fact, to hop in said lovely tub, the faucet would be in my back if I wanted to watch some TV at the same time. Booo! For those of you who share my opinion about children on the strip, I saw very few.  Unless they were hiding behind all the columns from the mean lady who bitches about them....Cocktail waitresses:  Hot AND efficient!  For you VP aficionados, it's mediocre at best.  Over at Palazzo, decent.
5	Friends and I came to Vegas during Spring Break and stayed at the Venetian. This hotel/casino is rediculous. Very clean and luxurious. The rooms are huge. The staff is friendly. The club TAO is popping. The casino floor is lively. What more could I ask for? oh.. my money that I lost playing BJ.
4	this was my first time staying at the venetian. we got a large suite for a bachelorette party and i arrived at least an hour before everyone else. i noticed that one of the double sinks in the bathroom was clogged and one of the lights on the vanity was out, so i called "priority service" and they sent someone up to fix it within 15 minutes. he also noticed another lightbulb needed replacing and cheerily fixed that for me too. while i was irked that the room wasn't in prime condition to begin with, i was gratified that the issues were promptly resolved. extra towels, hairdryers and room keys were also quickly sent up.i can see myself just staying in the venetian and not having to step foot outside all weekend! in fact, i think we did that on friday and half of saturday: we had dinner at grand lux, clubbed at tao, ate at noodle asia, bought yummy treats from bouchon bakery, worked out and relaxed at the canyon ranch spa, and shopped at the canal shops.we enjoyed our stay except for one thing -- the really strong floral scent that accosted us on the main level of the hotel. luckily that scent didn't pervade the guest rooms.oh and be careful if you open the mini bar -- apparently if you move anything, you'll get charged.
5	I went this past weekend for my 21st birthday. WOOHOO finally! I must say this hotel is super convenient for those celebrating their 21st becasue it is the center of all the main clubs that are worth checking out. Venetian is the home to TAO and its sister hotel Palazzo has Lavo. These two clubs play all the right dancing music and has just enough space for you to dance. Oh about the rooms. I loved our room becuase it has just enough space for about 6-8 poeple to fit and sleep comfortably. In the room we got, we had 2 queen/full beds and one pull out couch bed. We had 6 girls and everyone slept comfortably. The double door bathroom is almost big enough to fit all of us girls and the many mirrors in teh hotel room made it easy for all of us to get ready at the same time. Overall the venetian is a good place to stay if you are here to club, eat, and shop! i'm sure the gambling is good as well, but i wouldn't know cause i lost all my free slot play in about 1 minute. OH also, it rained MONEY$$ in TAO as me and my girlfriends were leaving, which made is why i gave venetian 5 stars instead of 4.5.!!!
5	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and took advantage of a special deal they had in the middle of summer.I have to admit that I felt pretty baller doing so, as 8 of my friends were sharing another suite while I dropped 3 bills to spend two nights here. Anyway, onward with the review.The suites are very luxurious and I can't find much to complain about, other than the bathtub being slightly too small and the toilet area being a little bit creepy (it's very small and there's a mirror inside). The suite is divided into a living room portion and a bedroom portion, both of which are equipped with LCD TVs for your entertainment. The living room area has a huge couch, coffee table, and dining table for you and your guests to drink and chat over. In the interest of time, we had two of our meals there and amused ourselves by drinking bottled water out of fancy wine glasses. Classy. My only other complaint is that the overall layout of it is a bit nonsensical to me, as the bedroom is located closer to the entrance while the living room is in the back. The service and staff are top-notch. I had two major issues during my stay here (neither of which are the hotel's fault) and they were quickly resolved. Issue #1: The suite they initially gave us smelled like weed. I called the front desk and they immediately moved me to a new room. Issue #2: Drunken woman mistakenly tries to enter my room at 4:00am. She bangs on the door when the key doesn't work and wakes me up. I call security and she is escorted back to her room down the hall. They are very professional and very respectful toward their patrons. I would recommend this place to anyone if they don't mind walking a bit to get to the hotspots on the strip.*update*After staying at a few other places and paying similar prices, I've decided to upgrade this place to 5-star based on the value. No reason why I should pay $100 per night for a hotel room when $50 more can get me a luxurious suite.
5	Okay, I normally slum it at the IP when me and the boys go to Vegas, but seeing as how as we need to "grow" up some time, we took advantage of the sagging economy and internet deal on a concierge suite at the Venetian...First of all, love the fact that you don't need to check in with everyone else and can check in at the concierge desk.  The suite?  Everyone else has yelped about the suites so I won't.  We did have an issue with the housekeeping, but the management was professional and helped us out.  The best part of our stay was the concierge lounge.  Breakfast in the lounge was tea, coffee, bagels and pastries.   The concierge desk was also super helpful in finding and making reservations for 4 dazed and confused dudes.   (Thanks Maka for your patience!)  Best of all, the cocktail "hour" is from 5-8 pm and it's all you can drink, baby!  The selection of liquor isn't the most extensive, but I was totally happy with my Glenlivet and occasional martinis from our awesome bartender, Michael!    (Question: how do you write off your alcohol habit on a trip in vegas?  Answer: Stay at the concierge suite!)      On the last day, one of us muttered: "I dunno if I can go back to the IP anymore..."  Ouch.  Guess, boys have to grow up sometime, eh?
2	if you're going with 17 other people & need a room you can all fit in, or if you want a hotel that's well connected to two of the hawtter clubs (tao & lavo), then the venetian is for you.luckily, our room was comped. otherwise, your benjamins are better spent elsewhere if you're simply looking for a fancypants hotel to stay at with your honey. if you must do the venetian, AVOID the venezia tower, where you have to take a couple of elevators & read a bunch more signs just to find your room... NOT good if you're the stumble-home-drunk type.speaking of which, did they lay off all the cocktail waitresses to save themselves some money? about 4 of us took up slots in separate areas on several occasions & not once were we offered anything to drink. buuut when we went to caesar's for some last-minute gambling, someone came by within a few minutes!instead, it looks... er, smells like they invested the money they saved on some truly awful air freshener. not only did it smell bad, it was *strong* & pumped into every nook & cranny of the casino. i seriously considered donning a face mask & going around fob style.their shopping offerings were ok - mostly stores you would pass by & sigh longingly at. & the check-in area could use a couple of benches so waiting guests don't have to sit on the floor... & passersby don't end up tripping on said guests sitting on the floor!i really want to like venetian for its cushy, spacious suites & prompt room service (towels in 10 minutes!), but i feel like i can get that at one of the other chi-chi hotels sans getting lost looking for my room.
5	Stayed here for Thanksgiving 2008.  Hotel room was good.  Like their orange shampoo/conditioner and lotion.  The lobby has an unusual smell.  It must be their cleaning agent.  Hard to describe, it's like an over powering baby powder smell.  Ate at the Grand Lux Cafe which is run by the people that do Cheesecake Factory.  Food was good and large portions.
4	The veranda river ride running through this takes away 1 star. $90 won on the Red Sox' World Series championship, plus the 6 Ketel One dirties I took down playing video poker for $35 while my friends were losing their asses at the hold 'em table keeps them 4 stars shinin bright like the eyes of Texas.
5	The Venetian Hotel and Casino by other reviewers are lacking.The rooms are big and have recently been updated. And it doesn't feel stuffy like others. The location is good. It's next to the Wynn, across from T.I it's good. THERE IS NO BUFFET! Which! doesn't cheapen the place. But there are cheapper options for food. There are two food courts but the one on the bottom is often mislooked but! if you find it! You'll like San Generro the italin place. Oh sooooo good. If you want romance. Try Pinot, Enoteca San Marco and Brassire. The Canal ride inside is better and longer than the one outside. Also when you get a canal ride you buy your ticket but you don't ride until an hour in advance. A couple ideas to try the wait time is the incredible chocolate shop next to the ticket place. (Im bias cuz i love chocolate.) But there is also Gelato in St. Marks Square that is good.The stores weren't my thing, but there is a magic shoppe, the typical vegas shoppe and TENO (which is cheaper but luxurious jewerly) Also the Dumb boys store is funny. Tao is hella trendy to find celebrities. I saw Vin disel there. And V bar. Wayne Brady was there. Actually his show his at the Venetian and worth it. Also there is Blueman, which is different... and Phantom of The Opera. (Which is good but not my thing) also there's Madame Tussauds which seems freaky, but have some drinks and imagination because that place was fun. Oh and the gambling! I lost. But i don't do vegas for the gambling. One last thing~ the Canyon Ranch Spa is the coolest place to go. The massages are pricey but, i didn't feel like i got ripped off either. THe place is huge, and it even has a rock climbing wall (which i'll do next time!)
5	I've stayed here many times over the years and no hotel in Vegas even comes close!  (You hear that Wynn!??!)   I've stayed in the regular rooms and in penthouses (I have friends in high places) and I have to say that the rooms here are by far the most comfortable and most spacious.  The sectional couch in the room is great for lounging and did I tell you how soft the sheets and towels are?!  It's like the Snuggle Bear was there.  Anyway, I just returned from a recent trip and again was not disappointed.  Staff is friendly and thank you very much for not having a Starbucks but rather a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf!  Makes me love this place even more!
5	I love The Venetian because it is absolutely luxurious down to every detail. Of course, had I not gotten a SLICK DEAL on it I would have never paid so much to stay here but this is probably the "it" of Vegas besides the Wynn for high class living and luxurious and attentive service for a casino. I was there during labor day weekend, and despite the high traffic we were checked in very quickly and courteously. Everything was smooth and flawless and even though I only paid $150 for a room that normally costs upwards of $300, the service that we received was definitely no indicator of how much we paid. There was a broken ironing board in one of the rooms and they were so apologetic that they had to change it (although none of us were planning to use it) they brought a ton of extras as comps.The beds are amazingly comfortable and I slept extremely well for what little I did sleep in Vegas (haha...) and the bathroom is INSANE! I would definitely stay at the Venetian again :)
5	I could go on and on about this place, but all I need to say is this is the kind of experience you want when you come to Vegas. 5 star rooms, friendly staff, amazing amenities, great restaurants, and experienced/friendly dealers (if you gamble). They have always taken care of me for the past few years and have made me a loyal patron after bouncing around other properties on the strip for prior stays. They also take care of their rated players (speaking from experience).I guess you could call it a more sofisticated experience. There is no buffet (thank God), and the property seems to not appeal that much to the short-wearing, beer-gutted slobs that you see all to often elsewhere on the strip. I'm not saying you won't see them here, but there is definitely an air of relative class at Venetian that is lacking in most other proprties on the strip.And for those new to the strip, the Venetian is located on the end of the strip that you want to be on. Close to all of the shops, restaurants, and casinos worth going to. All within walking distance. You won't need luck in having a great vacationing experience when you go here. A sure bet.
4	This was my second time staying at Venetian and I liked it slightly less this time around.  It's supposed to be a 5-star hotel but I've never seen a 5-star with such a long line to check-in.  Something really needs to be done to expedite the process.  Nice poker room and good food options.   A little overperfumed but that's many Vegas hotels (MGM is the worst for that).  All in all, a very nice hotel but I think we're choosing the Wynn next time.
5	OMG! I LOOOOOOOVED The Venetian! We were able to fit 10 girls comfortably in the suite. It was such a wonderful weekend and The Venetian helped in making it the PERFECT weekend! The rooms are nice and the employees are so friendly...although one of my friends who called for some towels was addressed as Mr. K, hahaha...she's a girl...oh and another one of the girls called cause she had moved one of the boxes of candy, but they're sensored, so she called to make sure we didn't get charged for it and the concierge on the phone thought she was my daughter and told her not to worry and that her mommy wasn't getting charged. HAHA. So that weekend, according to the Venetian, I was instantly married with a child. The only HUGE problem I had with the hotel was when you go down to the casino the air freshener spray they use smells like old granny floral perfume. It gave me such a HUGE headache everytime I went down there. But that's about the ONLY complaint I have about this place, other the the price...we went on a cheap weekend so it didn't really matter for us but regularly...that place is EXPENSIVEEEE! But it's 5 star so...you get what you pay for!
5	This is a top notch, luxurious, uber-classy casino.  We just stare and gape in awe as we walk up to it. If it's pampering you want, and want to pay for, you'll find it in abundance here.   The Venetian is well-themed and an architectural masterpiece.  How pleasing to the eye it is, behold a marvel in the desert!  The employees are friendly and professional.  The casino is always busy.  The shopping is great, as are the restaurants.  We particularly enjoy The Grand Lux Restaurant.    Haven't had the pleasure of staying here yet, but look forward to it, hopefully next year.  They offer some very reasonable rates online.
4	This place is nice and I like it.  The rooms are big the location is great.  Look if you want to class that ass up stay at the Venitian.
5	the venetian is SO pretty!! the four of us had a suite on the 25th floor.. hehehe.. the rooms are amazing and the beds are uber-comfy.. this place is huge too!! and the mall downstairs.. please take away my credit cards.. also loved how it was connected to the palazzo.. where my luck was better.. loved that wheel thing (not roulette.. the huge wheel thing)the venetian definitely exceeded my expectations of vegas (my first time, ever. in my life. haha) however, i didnt like that the room next to us was blasting music hella loud at 3am when we had to wake up early to drive back to sf!!!!!! i know its vegas.. but wtf.. oh one more thing.. i hate the slot machines here!! keeps suckering me in and taking my money!
4	I like coming to the Venetian because you get a really big room for the price of a really small room.  I usually stay in the Venezia Tower when I'm there.  The bathroom is very nice with a huge bathtub that was my friend one drunken night a few months ago.  However, in recent years, I have been noticing that the rooms are a little more worn out.  One time, there was a hole in the wall caused by the door knob being rammed into it - not so classy.
5	I'd wanted to stay at the Venetian ever since I heard of its opening, so when we needed to go to Vegas on business and needed a place for three nights, of course we stayed here! The price was very reasonable, like $159 or something, which we didn't expect for such a grand place. We asked to be upgraded when we checked in and they put us in a 700-sq. ft suite. Luxe! The bathroom was gigantic. Our bathrooms at home are tiny, so this was a real treat. Especially for a bath-lover like me. The tub was huge. Ok, so you get the idea...the Venetian does things big. I'm sure you can tell from the pics how ornate and gorgeous the overall surroundings are, and that doesn't let up at any level of the hotel. They didn't miss a thing here. Wherever you are, look up, around, and there's more artistic beauty. Very classy. One thing to be aware of is this is a MASSIVE piece of real estate. It really is its own city. So if you're going on business, try to get your room located quite close to the conference room (if your business is being conducted in the hotel itself). Otherwise, you'll possibly be doing a lot of walking and it is much more daunting in high heels. That was a regret -- that we were situated so far away from where we needed to be each day.Also, the pools are outdoor, so we didn't get to enjoy them much because we went in the winter. The desert is frickin cold at night, and we only got to use the pools once. They are beautiful and fun.Unfortunately, during the trip, I suddenly fell ill. I don't know if it was the flu or food poisoning, but I got completely, utterly sick with very violent vomiting (no, I don't drink, so it wasn't that!). My partner contacted the hotel who sent Security up to our room to check on me.  They said it was likely "bad Panda" because I'd eaten at Panda Express, and that at least 50% of their emergency calls are for food poisoning -- a real problem on the Strip. Oh, great! They called the paramedics, which were incredibly awesome. I got taken to Sunrise Hospital (awesome too, I'll yelp about it too) where I stayed for several hours until my dehydration was starting to reverse. Throughout the whole ordeal, the Venetian was fantastic. We asked to extend our stay for an extra day so I could recover enough to travel home, and that wasn't a problem at all. They arranged a wheelchair for me to get around during the rest of my stay, and housekeeping sent me a huge bag of toiletries to take with me. Every aspect of service from the hotel was wonderful. I can't say enough good about them. My sudden illness scared me to death, and they were there for us. They earned our respect in every possible way there is to respect a business. This review is my Christmas present to them, in hopes of sending them more business!
1	4:30am, in deep sleep, tired and grumpy from losing $$ earlier. Beep and the door swings open. We hear voiceS and think nothing of it. Must be our friend bringing back guest. Out of curiousity I look up and 6 random dudes are standing at the end of my bed. I look over at my friend, who just woke up and said WTF. Apparently, Venetian screwed up and double booked our suite. At first they tried to comp us food, then a nights stay. But, we were not satisfied. Just think, if we were not in our suite.. ALL of our belongings could of have been gone. Also.. is this not invasion of privacy? I could have been butt naked coming out of the shower. The incident is now under investigation. Will update at a later time.In addition, our room keys kept malfunctioning. I swear by the end of the trip we had like 20 room keys.. with 4 of them working. We were locked out so many times. Annoying..
5	With close to 400 reviews I will spare you the repeated details about the Venetian. I loved it. It was a little hard getting used to the rosey smell of the lobby and casino but you grow to enjoy the fragrance.  I recently stayed at the Palazzo and I can say that the rooms here are in better shape. Weird since the Palazzo is new but ok, whatever.  Housekeeping comes by twice a day. They kept our towels stocked and our ice bucket filled and insisted on giving me handfuls of chocolate.  The front desk was accommodating as I called on the last morning of our stay and requested a late check out and they happily gave us an additional 2 hours to sleep. If we wanted to extend until 2 pm, they charge half their nightly rate. No thank you. This is a great place to rest your head, gamble, party, see a show and eat. TIP: Do sign up for a player's card and use it.  Since the economy blows, you can find yourself a decent rate through their email promotions. Check it.
5	Absolutely beautiful. Great service, great rooms, the place is HUGE! great shopping and eating, and Tao was so fun! Can't wait to come back!
4	Asians sure know how to pack a hotel room. When my grandpa and 6 year old bipolar cousin (b/c of her mind swings) from Taiwan came to visit, my aunt and uncle that it would be nice to take advantage of the Carnival Cruise offers to her (I was joking how we were cruising from LA to LV). Remember, always look for deals and never pay full price if at all possible! We managed to fit 6 people into the Venetian Bella suite quite comfortably with two people in each of the queen size beds and two on the L shaped sofa (which has a pull out bed with bed covers already on it). There's even three LCD HDTVs in the room (one in the bedroom, one in the business area, and one in the bathroom). There there's a separate bath and shower stall but the whole can't be used if one is taking a bath unless you want to see some of your family members naked (Nooooooooooo, I'm blinnnnnnnnd).Shame that there's no free Internet ($10/day use) though you can order movies (with the adult variety cough cough) here. What the heck is with the $8 box of Kit Kat bars??? Are they make of gold? The canal ride is lame unless you want to be stared at the entire time around shops that you can barely afford. If I was a lady, I would punch the guy in the face for taking me on a canal ride. TIP: Stand out on the side facing the Mirage and you will see the entire fire volcano show without a crowd every 8, 9, 10, and 11pm each night. Oh, and who was the genius to have the 3rd floor parking garage be connected to the 2nd hotel floor? At least they have guards checking if you have your keys to get into the guest area at night.
4	I love the Venetian and it appears everyone else does! The shopping isn't as great as say Ceasar's but the Palazzo is just ah-mazing! Ask to be on the 10th Floor of the Venetian Tower it's just a hop skip and a jump to the parking garage elevator and Bouchon.I don't recommend the valet.. I am not sure that it was just this packed cause of the weekend that we were there is right before New Years.. but it took a half hour to get our car. HORRIBLE! they had two guys running the Valet. You could tell they were severely understaffed.
4	We stayed in one of the concierge suites in the Venezia Tower (11th floor - fabulous view!). Nicely apportioned, and I love the free hors d'oveurs and cocktails for concierge suite guests in the afternoons (it's good to have something in your belly for your evening's booze to lie upon). IMHO, the concierge suite prices in the Venezia Tower are worth it considering the complimentary canapes, continental breakfast, and private pool deck -- not to mention the far shorter lines for check-in. The suite itself is quite spacious: the bed is comfy, the pillows comfortably squishy, and the bathroom is very roomy. Double sinks are a definite plus. The suite had three LCD televisions - including one in the bathroom. Classy! :PMy biggest beef with the room is the lack of WiFi. Supposedly, WiFi is available all over the Venetian, but my room on the 11th floor of the Venezia Tower did not have WiFi available (or so they said when we tried connecting and were unable to). Wired ethernet is speedy and fairly reasonable at $9.95/day, but I would have preferred that the WiFi work in my room. And I was having trouble maintaining good cell phone reception (I'm on AT&T using an iPhone 3G, and had trouble maintaining 3G data connection. Fie on you, EDGE!)The sheets on the bed were also super rough. After two nights, we both had rough spots on our extremities from the sheets (and not because anything particularly gymnastic was going on in that bed, okay?). We called down to see if they had other sheets available, and the front desk said that their sheets were 200 thread count. Youch. No wonder. However, YMMV - if you enjoy sleeping between sheets of construction paper, more power to you. I would have expected more from a 5 star caliber hotel. Also, the fragrance in the hotel lobby, shops, and check-in areas drives me CRAZY. I'm not a very sensitive person when it comes to smell, but the strong scent of florally/powdery/douchey fragrance gives me an insta-headache if I'm in those areas for too long. The room is great and all, but if I'm shopping or gambling, I have to leave the hotel or I'll wind up with a massive migraine. Someone mentioned that the smell was particularly strong because they just changed the "cartridges" in the air system, but phewww-weee. All in all, positive experience with the staff... but one giant star off for the odor, scritchy sheets, and lack of WiFi in my room.
5	Since I have turned 21, I have been to Vegas many times. Usually, at least once per season. In 2008, I have visited Sin City a total of four times: New Years, Spring, Fall, and a week before Christmas. After staying in and visiting so many different luxury hotels on the Strip from Mandalay Bay, NYNY, The MGM, Paris, Bellagio, and a handful of others, I consider Venetian my favorite casino resort hotel in LV. Even though other hotels such as Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, Mirage, and the Wynn are excruciatingly lovely and no doubt quite comparable to the Venetian for luxurious accommodations, the Venetian is the optimal spot for convenience to enjoy the best of Vegas. IMHO, Venetian has everything to offer! In addition, due to its prime location on the strip Venetian provides access to the best dining, and entertainment.Case in point: easy walking to TI for Pirate show, the Fashion Mall, Bellagio fountain show, Bellagio gardens, Forum shops, etc, etc. You don't have to rely on hours of walking, waiting in line nor spending cash for a taxi to take you to the hot spots, or wait for a shuttle. Tao and Lavo, Vegas party hot-spots are located within (drunk)walking vicinity. After a night of drinking and partying, it's easy to walk out and flash your card-key to the elevator hop to stumble into your room. Or if you feel like eating after a night out and don't want to line your stomach with crap-food, you can kick Denny's to the curb and enjoy the Always open Grand Lux Cafe for amazing food options. And of course the other reviewers can tell you that the hotel rooms are huge, there's a sunken living room, 3 lcd-tvs, excellent service, etc. That's a given. But why Venetian is at the top of my list is simply due to its easy access to the best of Vegas. And it doesn't hurt that the suites are big and comfy enough to pack huge groups of 20-somethings who love to vacay in Vegas as much as I do!
3	As everything else in Vegas, The Venetian is like a kid's idea of Venice, but then on crack.So... Palazzo suite, nice but super cheesey. I was thisclose to stealing one of those cute blue pillows they have, but thought better of it. Wasted $110 on gambling in about 2 and a half seconds and then decided to spend my money shopping and eating instead. Room service makes a bomb omlette.
5	Stayed here on 1/1 to 1/3 because my mom had two free nights along with two free shows, $100 slot credit, and $50 food credit. What a deal! We even went over the food credit limit and they still comped it. I've stayed here many times with friends, but this is the first time with family. It's a great place to stay and if you've seen Vegas many times you don't need to leave the hotel at all. Everything is in there.,.shopping...fine dining..casual dining.....a food court....and Tao. What more do you need?!
4	Significant other unit and I just visited for Christmas/New Years. Loved every minute of the visit since there are so many things to do, see, and eat! There's no equal to a relaxed walk under a realistic blue sky littered with little puffy clouds, while passing high-end stores and boutiques. The rooms at the Venetian are suite sized, well appointed, comfortable, and feature gorgeous bathrooms... but if you look carefully you can see some maintenance is in order to spruce them up (bathroom door handle loose, one sink backed up, dent in the wall near the bed, in-room safe wasn't closing, etc.).They added The Palazzo since I was last here in '00 and it's enhanced the allure and entertainment options immensely.We enjoyed dinner at Dal Toro (Lamborghinis viewable through the glass wall), and breakfasts and lunches at the Canyon Ranch cafe (cheap and yummy! Plus: normal portions). SambaSushi was lively and delicious, if a bit pricey (but what isn't in Vegas, right?) New Year's Eve dinner was at Valentinos for a 10:30 pm seating... the rear room was a little blah with a burgundy color scheme...all went well up until near midnight, when our waitress forgot to serve our Moscato D'Asti to go with our dessert--nonetheless a lovely experience.Will definitely come back here if in the neighborhood.
5	This was my first time in Vegas and loved every minute of it.This hotel is beautiful...  We stayed at the Venezia Tower where you get separate check-in counter avoiding all general check-in lines.  You feel like you're in a different world while staying here.  Rooms are spacious - love their high ceilings - and feature a living room area.  Beds are in an elevated part of the room, extremely comfortable and private with draped canopies.  Even the bathroom is a dream.Service is excellent.  Newspaper every morning, great breakfast (room service) menu.What I liked the most was finding my bed ready for me, when getting back from walking around all day, with next day's weather forecast (important in the winter) with a chocolate on my pillow.If for any reason you don't feel like going to the strip one day, you will not miss a thing.  This hotel has the Grand Canal Shoppes, - which you can access by walking along the cobblestone walkway or by Gondola - exquisite restaurants, and gallerias for you to spend the day.  It's also home to the Madame Tussauds Museum, to the Blue Man Group, and TAO Nightclub.  Of course, you can not stay at this hotel and not glide down the Grand Canal in an authentic Venetian gondola.For a Vegas vacation you'll always remember I highly recommend this hotel, you'll want to go back.
3	This is a 3 star hotel, not a 5.  Why:-The doors slam.  This is very bad in Vegas.  Whether you sleep at 4 AM or 4 PM, you will be constantly awakened by loudly slamming doors.  It is so loud that it rattles fixtures inside your suite.-They charge you for using the gym.  It is $40 for the day, and there is no option to just buy a 1-hour pass.  Who has time to use the gym for the entire day?-Wifi is extra.  I'm maddened by the fact that the more expensive a hotel gets, the more they charge you for stuff that's free at the Comfort Inn.-Crossmarketing is ubiquitous.  The elevators are stuck on a constant loop of "Big Girls Don't Cry," and then you're assaulted with the soundrack from the Phantom of the Opera upon exiting the elevator.The upsides of the Venetian are Bouchon, it's central location on the Strip, and Barney's New York.  The prostitutes found lingering around the Venetian are much hotter than those around MGM.Overall, this hotel, like much of Vegas, has a surface feel of elegance, but that patina is very thin.  The sheets and beds suck.  They still use those disgusting bedcoverings instead of duvets.  The towels look fancy but are thin and the same quality as the Comfort Inn.
5	This Casino is pretty incredible. They thankfully have some sort of flowery odor piping through the air conditioning covering up the smell of cigarette smoke, alcohol, and sweat that is typical of most casinos.   The mall is incredible, though not as nice as the one at Ceasar's Palace.  They have a canal running through part of the mall and offer gondolla rides. Singing Gondolier included.
3	The hotel is beautiful. The restaurants are great. Love Grand Lux. The shopping is alright. The gondolas are fun (the first time). The only negative is everything cost a lot extra. $50 to work out...rip off.
3	This hotel was great! The rooms had nothing to complain about; they were nice and spacious, and we had a great view of the pool below and other Vegas attractions. I would suggest splitting a room with others to make it cheaper to stay there. There's a nice TV, fold-out couch, and more! It got a little confusing because the 10th floor split, and you'd have to take another elevator to go any higher. However, there is great shopping and eating in the hotel, and the club inside is really classy and fun, too. The location is great... right next to Harrah's! The staff were very helpful, too, and knew their stuff.
5	FABULOUS!!!!!  What else can I say?  Suite even had a plasma in the bathroom!  Comfy beds....good sheets!  Happiness is having a hotel bed feel as good as your bed at home :-)
4	SHOWS: N/ADid not watch any show here but they are known for "Phantom of the Opera"ROOMS: 4.4 stars- clean & roomy- ipod deck, robes, safe, mini bar, 2 flat screens, 1 mini tv in restroom, separate tub & shower- the suites have a separate "living" area that has a mini office that comes equipped with fax/scanner machine and couches (great for larger parties)CASINO: 4.5 starsThe casino is nice and easy to navigate. Their blackjack tables are $15 minimum on weekends, but on weekdays or earlier during the daytime you can find blackjack tables with $10 minimumFOOD: 4.5 starsI have come to realize that the Venetian has an endless amount of choices of food.  You can find fast food, cafes, casual dining, and of course fine dining as well which means you can get away with spending very little on food, or go with higher-end food establishments.If the rooms had more of a "wow" factor, I would give this hotel a 5 star rating because with the combination of strong food/restaurant choices, casino, free entertainment around their canal shops, shopping, and shows, this is one of the best spots on the strip.The rooms at MGM Signature still beat the Venetian basic suites, I must say.
5	Yes, I'm a fan.  I have stayed here probably 3+ times and each time I'm fairly pleased.  The most recent time, my family came to vegas to celebrate my mom's 65th birthday.  We made our suite our home.  Both my brother and I worked out of our suite, we ordered room service, ate at all the restaurants as well as the food court, and even received spa services in the spa.  I would totally stay here again.  It's really easy to rack up your hotel room bill and forget that reality will eventually hit and you have to pay for everything.  But at the end of the day, it was a good hotel experience and I would totally go back.  Actually, I'm planning on going back in May with some girlfriends.....
4	My room was amazing, comfortable and clean.  The service, not so great, but I only had to deal with that during check in--which took about 3 hours.
5	I came here with my girlfriends and had the best ever bachelorette party one could ask for! The suite was elegantly decorated and spacious, with a separate living room area.  I especially loved the roomy bathroom with plenty of space and mirror for all of us girls to get pretty for the night out. The Tao nightclub is not bad either, they hooked us up with complimentary passes since we were guests here.  Loved the music, drinks, see-through toilets, and friendly/good-looking company! I'll definitely be back here for a special occasion. Thanks for making it happen Donna Y....dedicating my 100th to my BFF!
5	If you want to stay at a 5-star hotel in Vegas, I'd definitely suggest The Venetian.  The rooms are just as luxurious as the rooms at Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, The Wynn...damn, I've gone to Vegas way too many times.  Anyway, the rooms are just as nice but less expensive and almost twice as big.  I booked the Rialto Suite this past weekend for my birthday shindig, and we had no problem fitting seven girls.  It wasn't even a tight squeeze.  Another great thing about the Venetian is the fact that TAO is right inside of it.  Now, I normally hate TAO.  In fact, I've written a pretty bad review about how overrated it is.  However, when you're actually staying in the hotel, it's a super convenient place to after-party.  Also, if you're a girl, at some point throughout your stay at The Venetian, a promoter will surely walk up to your group and hand you VIP passes to get in for free.So...something I have to mention:In light of Chinese New Year, they put up some fancy decorations in the hotel lobby.  Among these fancy decorations were rows and rows of orange (tangerine?) trees - I guess they're for good luck or something like that.  Towards the end of the night, as we were walking to TAO, my friend suddenly shoved a segment of orange into my mouth.  When I turned to look at her, I saw that she had a few more mini oranges stuffed into her bra.  In my drunken state, I didn't realize how strange that was, nor did I realize where those oranges came from.......Sorry, Venetian.  I apologize on behalf of my drunk and apparently hungry friend.
4	I really love the Venetian, I think it's such a beautiful hotel. I can't really say the same about certain workers there who were rude. But, one or two rude employees don't speak for the whole staff. I did have one problem however. I had booked 4 suites in the Venetian and I was told that they WOULD be side by side and even connecting. I was asked if I wanted a view of the pool or the strip and I said strip. I called back several times and I was given a confirmation each time of the rooms and where they were situated.Upon arrival, I only had 2 rooms that were next to each other. One down the hall and one in a different wing. When I spoke to the lady working at the front desk, she informed me that there was no guarantee on room arrangements and that whoever had told me there was, would be penalized. She even told me there was no such thing as connecting suites in the Venetian. When I got into one of suites, low and behold there's a door that connects to the suite right next to it. Unfortunately, the connecting suite wasn't mine. I should have complained but I really wanted to just enjoy Vegas. So middle finger to you Charlotte and your bad attitude, you still won't stop me from having the time of my life! Other than that, the suites were beautiful, spacious, and comfy. The selection of food downstairs was a little overpriced but it is Las Vegas. TAO is probably one of the best nightclubs at the strip too and yes! it is located inside the Venetian. There's naked women dancing in bathtubs with only petals covering their goods. What else can you ask for? And Im a girl!All I could say is that I had a blast in this hotel. Who wouldn't with $10 blackjack tables??? But be careful, although it is only $10...Margarita will be sure to take away all of your money and still leave you a glimmer of hope at redeeming your lost money by smiling and cheering you on...only to find out 30 minutes later you're now down double what you were before.Realizing how much I lost wasn't so fun but the Venetian hotel comforted my weeping soul with their heavenly beds and a glass of Hene.I give thee a 4.5...( the rooming situation deserves .5 less since it was a LITTLE stressful dealing with it.) Boo for taking my money... but Kudos for still being good to me!
5	Venetian=lovei loved staying here. The rooms are huge. Three flat screens, a sunken living room, great bathrooms. Oh and the bed is soo freakin comfy (best sex bed hands down) ..service is on point. So much to do...damn why can't i be rich enough to live at the Venetian?
5	love love LOVE this place.  the room was AWESOME and had everything a girl could ever want-fancy little make-up table with magnifying illuminated mirror, blow dryer, fancy glass shower and jaccuzzi type tub, super comfy beds, great flat screen tv's, gigantic chocolates for the pillows, turn-down service at night.. the whole nine. i'm definitely coming back here for a romantic trip-although when i did the college-style-stick-9-people-in-a-room thing here, it was just as fun.  Kinda confusing to have to take 2 different elevators to get to your room, but who cares?  We ordered 6 extra pillows and 10 towels, and no one batted an eye and our stuff was at our door within 15 minutes.The casino is nice, food court has good choice, and if you stay here, you automatically get into TAO for free.  seriously, if you can afford it, stay here... even if you can't afford it, you should spoil yourself once and just charge it, that's how awesome this place is.
4	So the scoop on Venetian was the first few times was because of work related...BUT I prefer it now. I do have a few other spots I like to stay but the Venetian is convenient and has some great places within the property. I love finishing work and walking up to eat/drink at the bar at Tao. The bartenders are great and its fun to people watch as it fills up...and its cool because you already have a seat! Stay in the new Palazzo...Its great! Wonderful beds, bathrooms, etc...Only problem is the scent they chose that stays with you constantly....Beautiful property!
5	I have stayed at the Venetian twice - for a week each time.  This hotel is pretty damn awesome and here's why.1.  It has its own convention center, which happened to be where my convention was.  Thus you never actually have to leave your hotel to get over to the convention hall.  Not like I really WENT to the convention...it was just an excuse to get to go to Vegas for free.  But if you DID wanna go, you can without leaving the comfort of your hotel.2. The rooms are phenomenal.  They are suites...so the bed (or beds) is/are right by the bathroom when you walk in...then you go down some stairs and you have your living area.  Each section has a flat screen TV and the living area has a pull out sleeper couch for any randoms you might let sleep over.  Bathroom has a standup shower and also a whirpool bathtub.  And the beds...I slept in them until 2 or 3pm every day...they are comfy!  Bonus points for the curtains that make your room completely blacked out even when it is sunny outside.3.  Like all hotels, they have gambling and also restaurants and bars in the hotel (AquaKnox, David Burke, Tao, Grand Lux Cafe, Bouchon, V Bar) which is obviously a plus.  They also have the Grand Canal Shops where I proceeded to spend a lot of money on Christmas presents...for myself.4.  They have the Canyon Ranch SpaClub for their gym/spa services.  This includes a cafe with healthy food selections as well.  I actually bought a 5 day pass last time I went so that I could try and not undo all the work I had been doing at the gym in one week in Vegas.  5 days now is $150 which is about the same as I pay for a trainer per week.  At least I had the freedom to go work off all those dinners and drinks, even if it did cost.  It would be nice if they had hourly passes.5.  The Venetian has a good location on the strip near other casinos, so it is convenient to get to other locations that you want.The main problem I have ever had at the Venetian is that it is freakin ENORMOUS inside.  You have to memorize how you get to your room or you WILL get lost when you get back blasted from a night out clubbin'.  Then you will have to ask a staff member how to get to your room but are too blasted to tell them which side of the hotel you are on, your room number, or even your name.  So you will wander around in circles forever until you finally find your room and crash in the comfy beds.  At least, that's what I've HEARD happens.  hehe
3	It's not what I expected. If you want real luxury in Vegas stay at Bellagio or Palazzo
4	I'm giving the Hotel 4 stars but the Concierge Level Suites and Concierge Lounge get only 1 star. We just stayed at the Venetian Hotel this past weekn'd for a friends wedding . I have stayed at the hotel before and have always loved this hotel.The Venetian has so many great reviews and I agree with most of them.That being said  my review will be more about there Concierge LevelSuites and the Conciege Lounge.The Venetian has over 400 reviews on yelp with very little info about theConcierge Level suites/Lounge.So here's the 411 for those of you who like me may want  to kick things up a notch  when staying at the Venetian.The Concierge Suites are the same as all the other Suites in the hotel.The only difference is they are  on higher floors , in a separate tower and all have great views. You get to  by pass all the other shlubs by being able to check in at the   12th floor Concierge Lounge.Sitting down no less in the fancy shamcey  lounge (phish posh parden me for breathing the same air ) said with a yiddish accent.The Concierge Lounge is very I mean very STUFFY like your sitting in a museum. The complimentary offerings as they call it  are ( continenal breakfast ) from 6am to 11am very little food a few bagels ,muffins,coffee tea juice. ( Afternoon refreshments ) from 1pm to 4pm with allmostnothing but a couple of tiny quarter size desserts and tea.( Cocktail reception ) from 5pm to 8 pm is ok if your a big boozer with freemixed drinks,beer,wine etc.The food was tiny dry tea sandwiches the kind you get at afternoon high teas. They also had some fruit ,cheese and nuts.  The funny thing is they present the food on these two tiny little end tables the size of  ones you may have at the side of your bed. The Concierge Lounge is open from 6 am to 10 pm  with nothing to offerguest in between the 3 refreshments presentation not so much as an apple. One of the check in Concieges will get you a water,soda,coffee teato drink if you can wait untill they are free I say BALONEY !To stay in a  Conciege level suite and vist the Concierge Lounge is a $100.00 extra per day charge on top of whatever  your paying for your room.We did not think it was worth the money and the Venetian should be ashamed of there sorry Concierge Lounge.Even the Hilton and the intercontinal hotels have a much better Concierge Lounge.     Maybe we were expecting more from such a big5 star hotel. I want to also point out that the Concierge Lounge on the hotels website is very misleading.It shows all of this food they never had and they  also  make it look muchnicer and bigger  than it really is. I think next time I'll stay at  Caesar's.
2	The Venetian, although beautifully appointed and huge, is just so inconvenient to get around (no good signage, confusing layout) that I would never stay there again. Not to mention that one could not get a simple sandwich at 4 or 5 am. Grand Lux Cafe is open , but who wants to stand in line with a bunch of spray tanned club whores just to get a little something to make the booze go down easier? The worst part was that they pump scent through the HVAC system there that is so overpowering, you'd think you had a Drakkar drenched guido  following you 24-7. The rooms were well appointed and nicely decorated, however our wall had a punchole in it (to me, not the sign of a 5 star hotel) and I had to call the front desk to make sure they knew we didn't get crazy and do it. I just would like to get in and out of a hotel more easily than this place allows. It was just too much.
4	Very nice hotel,the suites were nice,clean and huge.The staff was very friendly,polite and focused on giving great customer service...If you're a guest of the hotel,you can actually call the concierge to be put on the guest list for Tao and Lavo.Tao was awsome since the hot women out numbered the men 5 to 1.Woowoo..I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas and so far my experience at The Venetian has been the one to remember...
5	I love the suite we stayed in here...and it was just their regular room.  Large plush king size bed, sunken living room with huge couch (which could sleep 2), large double door bathroom with his and her's sinks, standing shower and a tub with separate room for toilet, flat screen TVs throughout the room....ahh I could live here.  The room was super clean and housekeeping was great.  About an hour after check in they knocked to see if we needed anything.  We left and came back to a turned down room and even chocolates!Another plus- their casino actually serves the drink you ask for.  We were at another hotel and ordered a specific type of cognac and they brought us something else.  When we asked the cocktail waitress if it was XXX she said they cant serve that on the floor.  Boo.  You dont have that problem at the Venetian. Yet another plus-when you stay here you can ask the concierge to put you on Tao's guestlist.  We also received passes to get into Lavo at check in.  I am definitely staying at the Venetian again!
4	The Venetian is very nice but, in my lazy opinion, actually too big... have a few drinks and try to find your way back to our nice room, and it really becomes a challenge and a hike! Bouchon is absolutely delicious and we enjoyed both dinner and the following brunch here... The Venetian shops are awesome and Tao, of course, sells itself!So check out the Venetian but plan an extra 10 minutes just to exit your hotel...
5	Heard good things.  Got a great deal.  Stayed for our fifth wedding anniversary a few weeks ago.I am trying to think of a negative thing to say about the Venetian and I just can't.   Service was flawless, staff was a pleasure and the room was excellent.We now have a new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  It beats the Red Rock, if only because of its superior location.
5	Another one of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  Rooms:  They rooms here are ridiculously huge (as in more than 500 square feet).   They have multiple TVs within one room: one big screen TV in front of the bed and another in front of the living room area.   Their bathroom is also ginormous and has a TV in there as well.  Casino/Shopping: Great selection of stores that has something for every budget. If you stay in the Venetian side of the resort, the stores are in a centralized area.  Once you start meandering into the Palazzo, they get scattered around.  Nice poker room as well but it's not as busy as the Bellagio.  Crowd: Good mix of people.  I felt safe for the most part but the crowd is a lot more louder than the BellagioGondola Ride:  Worth doing once.  It's not cheap but if you can't make it to the real Venice its worth doing.  They also sell these stuffed monkeys dressed like the people who row the boats.  The monkeys are quite cute and I recommend picking one up.Restaurants:  They've got a good mix for varying budgets ranging from Emeril's restaurant to a food court.  Spa: Canyon Ranch Spa is here and wonderful.
5	Beautiful hotel and wonderful service! I got this room at a discounted rate during the summer. All the rooms at the Venetian are suites. The bathroom is big enough to be an actual room, and there are 3 flat screens - one in the bathroom, one in front of the bed, and one in the living room area. Hell, I played around with the remote for the curtains too. My bf had never been to Vegas, while I had been here way too many times; therefore, I didn't get to check out Tao or any of the restaurants at the Venetian since my bf and I mostly did the tourist thing and drove/walked the strip and saw shows, for the 3 days we were here.This is one of my favorite hotels. Must stay at Bellagio or Wynn next time to see how they compare.
4	Oh, lovely hotel, why are you so damn cheap?  Why must you make it so affordable for a bunch of poor people to stay and play in Vegas?  Why???Home to my absolute favorite restaurant in the whole wide world, Delmonico's, the Venetian is a freaking awesome place to stay in Vegas.  The gondola rides through the mall are really cool in a super cheesy way, the shops are really awesome to browse at, the painted sky is beautifully picturesque, and... the rooms are unbelievably huge and posh, especially considering the low price tag.If I were going on a romantic 1+1 date, I probably would stay somewhere nicer.  But if you want a nice place to stay with a bunch of friends crammed into one room, the Venetian is probably the best you're going to get.  The room can comfortably accommodate about eight people and their luggage, with room left over for all the pre-partying goodies (i.e. giant bottles of Goose, cups, snacks, ice, juice, whatever).  The bathrooms are so huge and the vanities so spacious that all eight girls have maneuvering room for endless costume changes and makeup/hair touch ups.  Lots of mirrors are ESSENTIAL for girls ready to go out in Vegas, see?  It also helps to have a tv in the restroom, too, so us chicks can enjoy our chick flicks (a la I Am Sam) while applying our clubbing masks.  Yes.  Nice.I don't know if I like the casino so much (I've never had great luck actually playing at the Venetian), but aside from that, it's a great place to visit, and an even better place to stay.Best bang for your buck in Vegas, I say!
4	I did not book a room here, but did spend most of my time here during this trip to Vegas. Why? Well the cousins were all staying here. I had the opportunity to check out their suite BUT not without a room key as there is tightened security and you are not able to get to the elevators without one unless your with someone who owns a room key. I guess this is a good thing, you dont want to WIN BIG then try to go up to your room with someone following you, then robbing you! You also dont want anyone stalking you either! The room was marvelous. 2 queen sized beds, a huge comfortable sofa, 2 big LCD tvs, a walk in bathroom with a separate restroom for the toilet. Damn I gave all this up to stay at The Rio because I could not stand rooming with my cousins? At least I get peace and quiet with my own room. Have you ever checked out floor 10 at The Venetian? Bouchon is located on the 10th floor at the Venetian! So is the 24 hr front desk for any of your VIP status needs! I swear it looks like a museum with all the art on top of the ceiling and just the way this whole place is structured. Picasso would have been proud. The casino was no luck for me as I ended up losing some money, but it was all fun and games. Lots of great restaurants at The Venetian such as Delmonicos Steakhouse, The Grand Lux, the list goes on! You can walk through Restaurant Row and get to The Palazzo if you want to jump casinos. Oh yea, something about Marc Jacobs items for 10 bucks here? I think it was a scarf or small purse, or something to that nature. The gf and friends were all raving about it and could not get enough. Shop till you drop!
4	What could I possibly add in the way of one lonely review? this hotel/casino has 428 reviews already! Well here goes review #429. Pros, Always a great deal (suite price promotions or better yet, room comps) Rooms are well appointed and all rooms are suites. Larger than normal bathrooms, love love love that. One of the better hotel/casinos on the strip. Lovely interior. Grand Canal Shops are in this hotel. Tao is here and is supposedly a hot spot. (haven't tried it personally) Staff are very nice and accommodating. When I've stayed here, the rooms always seem pretty clean (very important) Cons, Easy to get lost. (this place is huge) I know they have to cater to smokers but it's hard to tolerate the smoke. I consider this property to be more upscale but seeing the crowds after a night spent at Tao is well.... interesting, but hey....."what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas"
5	Loved their rooms!!  I'm not able to do it justice by describing it in words!  I'll have to find a pic and post it.  The bathroom's cool with the glass, shower walls and a separate tub; all marble-lined.  A step down from the bed was a living room area so while there wasn't a wall, it just seemed like another room cuz you're stepping down into it.  L-shaped leather couches with a contemporary coffee table.  I feel somwhat like royalty for the moment!  The casino's cool but I just don't have the urge to play in that place like I do at Paris and Planet Hollywood!  Oh and the gondola area is breath-taking!!  Be careful in the mall, I've gotten lost and so twisted up in there cuz it's huge!
4	The rooms are nice, price a little in the mid range (paid $155/night)I like the hotel overall - has one of the best clubs on the strip (Tao) and the the location is good. I like the decor (although I'm a bigger fan of Palazzo). Not a bad place to stay by any means (not my top choice either, though). It's clean, it's not going to bankrupt you, and the casino is fun :) Be sure to get a Club Grazie card
5	Whoa! I was shocked when hubby booked a trip for my birthday in Vegas, but even more blown away when we checked into the Venetian Hotel. Check-in/out was pretty quick. Decor looked amazing. Service was nothing spectacular, but the suite we got just blew us away. We coulda fit a family in there with the extra couches in the Exec Suite. We would definitely rebook this hotel for our next trip to Las Vegas.
4	I do not like the stores that much but very nice place to walk into. Very romantic!
4	I always loved venetian, but after i stayed at palazzo i feel the rooms are pretty similar but palazzo is just "newer" Of course it's hard 2 compete with new hotels. Venetian still got it's beautiful romantic settings.
5	we had such a great time in the room...love the curtains that block out ALL sunlight!!
5	this has got to be my ALL TIME FAVORITE hotel in entire Las Vegas.reason why?it's simply magnificent.lets start with the least significant part of the hotel.. the Grand Canal Shoppes.  i say least significant because it really has nothing to do with the hotel.. but the fact that it's indoors and connected to the hotel.. i'll include it.  the Grand Canal Shoppes are HUGE!!  they extent for what seems like forever.. painted and decorated to look like the canals in Venice.. it's simply just a wonderful place to be and experience.next i'll cover the casino.  although the casino is its breadwinner.. i don't gamble.. so to me, the casino is just like any other casino.  but i do have to admit that it's pretty clean considering.then.. the hotel itself.  the rooms are GIGANTIC for what you pay for.  the room is separated by an "upstairs" and "downstairs" divided by only two steps.  the upstairs being the entry way, bathroom and bedroom.. and the downstairs being a dining area where the couch, table and tv are.  furnished like you walked into a Pottery Barn display, but better.. the rooms are an experience in itself.  especially the bathroom with a giant tub, giant shower, a giant vanity, a tv, and marble tiling.  everything is more than i could ask for..lastly.. the decor.. both inside and out.. the Venetian looks fantastic.  designed with the look of Venice, Italy in mind.. the curves and structures, molding and design.. everything was designed in such great detail that from any angle.. the hotel/casino is photogenic.i'm most likely missing more than just this.. like for example the entertainment shows put on by the Venetian.  but i can't reveal everything.. i have to keep something as a surprise..
5	I am in love with this hotel!  It's so gorgeous and sumptuous that I feel like I'm stepping into a whole other world whenever I walk in.  There's something to stare and gawk at it every way you turn.  We had a great room with comfortable beds and a nice view of the strip.  The shops are spectacular with lots of designer clothes, jewelry, etc.  You can take a short gondola ride in a built in river in the shopping area which is a lot of fun.  I've only stayed at the Venetian on one occasion but it is by far the most beautiful hotel I've stayed in.
4	beautiful hotel - I love the interior, the second floor interior arcade is really pretty.Watch out for the pros working the casino area at night. My buddy and I were tired of gambling so we started drinking. We were laughing at how interested this one girl was in talking to some fat short guy. she was a high 8, him, closer to a 3. WOHL (Way Out of His League). She failed to show any of the body language that meant she was genuinely interested in him.. dunno maybe I'm mistaken.I wasn't as lucky the night before - the pro that offered a "massage in my room to help me sleep for $100" was pretty haggard.
4	I think that for the money, this is my favorite high-end hotel on the strip.  The suites are comfortable and roomy with a nice vanity in the bathroom complete with a good mirror.  (Bonus! Love being able to do my hair and makeup while sitting down...it's the little things in life, you know.)The only complaint I have is that one night we got late night room service, and they lost our order.  They were very apologetic and gave us 50% off.  Other than that blip, everything was great!
3	The Room: Ehh nothing to grand i seen better. It looked like they payed way to much for the lobby then skimped out on the rooms.The Lobby: Kinda cool at night because of TAO nightclub.The Bars & Casino: Kinda sucks i would gamble hundreds and still would have to pay for a drink or have a stupid drink free card to get anything.Overall: Its a okay place to stay kinda looked cheesy to me.
5	Before the Venetian, we were just college kids cramming 10 to a room at Casino Royale.  It was, in hindsight, not the best situation.  However, we were young, poor, and crazy enough to pull it off.  However, when I went with a few college friends last year, we stayed at the far more extravagant Venetian.  It was love at first sight.The rooms are top notch at decent rates (and getting better all the time!)  With 2 queen beds and a sofa bed, you can comfortably fit 5 people to a room.  Yes you all actually have a bed to sleep on!  No  Also you get three LCD TVs (granted one is a tiny one in the bathroom but still).  It almost makes you want to stay in the hotel.....almost.The Venetian Casino and I have a very rocky love-hate relationship going on.  Currently, it's on the rocks, but who am I kidding, I'll be back at the blackjack tables sometime soon.  Unlike other casinos *cough* Mirage *cough*, the dealers are social and genial so that it isn't as depressing when you lose hand after hand.The decor around the hotel and casino is quite nice (the lobby is pretty amazing).  The restaurants here range from respectable (Noodle Asia) to absurdly good (Bouchon).  At night, you can head over to the very popular(sometimes too popular) TAO nightclub.  They also have the greatest place to be at 5 am in the morning on a Sunday after a night of clubbing/gambling/drinking/*insert hedonistic activity here*: The Grand Lux Cafe!To summarize: spacious, nice rooms; well-decorated casino; friendly dealers; good, varied selection of restaurants; hip night clubs.  How can you go wrong?  Minus getting raked over the coals in the pits that is.
5	Easily my favorite hotel in Vegas.A lot of people go to Vegas looking for gambling and entertainment, but I go there to relax. For my purposes, the Venetian is perfect since I can spend all my time in a beautiful hotel and an extremely comfortable room for not that much money.Last I was there, they also had an art exhibit going on which I partook in (love the art).
3	We just came home from a trip to Vegas, staying for three nights at the Venetian.We booked through Expedia and opted to pay a bit extra for a room in the Venezia tower.  Once we found the Venezia check-in counter (it is not marked or all that obvious) we were directed to our room which was in the Venetian tower and NOT the Venezia part of the hotel, which we thought we had paid for!But once you get inside of the Venetian, it is rather large and confusing, so we didn't realize that we weren't in the Venezia section until after we had already unpacked and decided that it wasn't worth packing up again to move and complain, etc - so we just left it.  Although obviously not too happy about it.As well, possibly because we booked through a travel company (Expedia) rather than with the hotel directly, but - our room was on the 4th floor.  Yes.  The 4th floor.  Sucks, I know.  And not only that - it was looking out onto a brick wall.  It literally felt like we were in a basement and/or a cruiseship - below decks.  Waaaayyyy below decks.Again - I didn't want to move at this point - it's Vegas - you should only sleep in your hotel right?  Well, we DID ONLY sleep in our hotel room because it was such a terrible room.  I don't understand how they can give ANYONE a room that faces a wall.  We seriously couldn't even see the sky!!!As well, the maintenance was not very good.  The floor boards and stairs were badly scuffed.  The bathroom door had a large gouge out of it, like someone had kicked it and it splintered!  And the T.V. in the 'bedroom' had really bad reception.Finally, the housekeeping service was just okay.  They basically came in and made the bed and gave you new towels, emptied the garbages and that was it.  Other hotels I have stayed at also tidy up the coffee tables, etc. - this one, not so much. After the initial confusion about getting around this hotel, it was fine as far as that was concerned for us, but we did see a guy calling his friends to help him find his room at 4am, and when we were first getting to our room and looking at the hotel map we got a few "Good Luck's" - so that could be a bit of an issue for people with directional problems.I did like the Grand Lux Cafe here, as well as the Grand Canal Shops.  This hotel was definitely nicer than the average hotel in Vegas, but next time I will try The Pallazzo, or the Wynn, which seems to be the next step up for hotels on the strip.
4	I swear I have reviewed this property before......Anyway, this is a GREAT place to stay with a group of girls.  I wouldn't really recommend it for a romantic get away.  But you can get 8 girls in here and have a WONDERFUL time without spending a ton of cash on the room.  Also, you can experience many of the joys of Vegas without going outside.Tao is in house, so with a mere phone call upon arrival, you're on the guest list.  There's also shopping on the property, with the gondola and the faux perfect sky ceiling - which creates the sense of being outside without having to brave the desert heat.Grad Lux is on site.  They're connected to the cheesecake factory, and have a varied menu.  The bread is yum.  The drinks are yum.  You will find people here in all stages of undress and fanciness...and soberness.  EXCELLENT people watching.  Coming here and ordering something to go will be faster than room service.There are several regular pools and a 21 only pool.  Getting a good seat can be hit or miss.  The drinks are YUMMMMMMMMY.  Fruity goodness for grownups.  The food will keep you from starving.Also, the location is great. You're not far from ANYTHING.
4	This place was very fun to stay at for four evenings, the employees were all very nice and  you can find just about anything within a couple minutes walk.  The suite was beautiful/spacious and you really can't complain about anything unless you're super nit-picky about accomodations and I'm not. The poker room is second only to the Bellagio , it would be much better if they would have placed it next to the poker room instead of the slot machines, or asian noodle place they have their now.
5	Short and sweet - worth every single cent! Guest service is extremely helpful and friendly. I traveled with some friends and we booked our reservations separately and they were so nice at check in to try to get our rooms on the same floor or close to each other. Had lots of luck at the slot machines. Concierge will even add your name to the guest list for Tao so you can enter for free as a guest. Everything about this hotel rocks. From here on out, I will ONLY stay at the Venetian or Palazzo.
3	I am not all that impressed with the service at the Venetian. The room was fabulous, I will say that. 3 flat screens including one in the bathroom and a lowered suite section, as well as a GIANT wall sized window made me feel like I was royalty. This was after all a birthday present from my family. After I checked in though and paid my $100 deposit, things sort of went downhill service-wise. I found that one of my remotes didn't work and when I called the front desk, it took nearly 45 minutes to have someone come up with a replacement. He didn't even check to see if the replacement remote worked, just handed it to me and bailed. Glad that it DID work though. I eventually wandered down to the casino and redeemed my coupon for my $25 in free slot play. Joined the players club and sat down to follow the instructions to redeem my $25 but no luck. I was hesitant to go back to the HUGE line and wait again for help at the players club because the agent had told me that once you put your card in the machine to play your $25 you couldn't take the card out or you would lose the whole bit. (WHY, by the way, would you only have 2 people working the Players Club counter at 7 pm on a Saturday night? I live in Vegas, and I can tell you how insane it is on a weekend night!!) Anyway, I pushed the button for service and then waited nearly 30 minutes for someone to come and help me. He then had to go over the Players Club counter and after about 20 more minutes came back and said that they had set my card up for table games, not slots, but he had fixed it. Quite aggravating to have sat there for nearly an hour. I went to dinner at Cannaletto, and have nothing but amazing things to say about that restaurant, but I will post that review separately. I got back to my room at approximately 11 pm, and as soon as I opened the door I realized someone had been in my room. The lights were on low, there was music playing, and the glass I had used had been replaced. Now not that I mind what was in essence turn down service and ambiance setting, I was just a little bit freaked that someone had gone into my room without my permission or notice. I decided to order room service the next morning about 9 am. I was on hold with "in-room dining" place for close to 10 minutes and then was told since i had only paid a $100 deposit I would have to pay cash for my order. Apparently, you can pay a $100 deposit and do a pay as you go basis or pay $150 deposit and "open a tab on the room." Would have been nice to know that ahead of time. Checking out was a nightmare. I was told that the room was $40 more expensive than originally quoted so I would have to pay the difference. Originally the room had been booked on a weeknight and then changed to a weekend, and apparently the difference wasn't charged to the credit card provided by my family who bought the room for me as a gift. Ultimately after a discussion with the manager on duty, the hotel removed the additional charge and only billed me the $1 for my single local phone call. Lastly, when I requested my vehicle from valet, it took 38 minutes to be brought up to the front. Yes, I timed it because at that point I just knew there would be a long wait and I was curious how long it would actually be. So in short, be prepared to wait wherever you go at the Venetian. The weekend I went was nothing special just a normal old Saturday night in Vegas. It could have been so much better.
2	the venetian sucks canal waterit looks like an indoor mall with a faux river
4	WOW so this will be the 456th review for this place. Ok no new revalations just one rant...Ummm the bitter orange smell has GOT TO GO!The suite was fantastic, about the size of my apartment with three plasma tvs and motorized curtains.  Who needs to go out when all the entertainment is inside my room?  The million count cotton sheets almost wound up in my suitcase but alas they were 3X the size of my queenie bed at home.  The only thing keeping me from voting the fifth star is the gawd awful bitter orange scented shampoo, soaps and vapors they keep pumping into the public spaces.  If they want an authentic Venice smell they should try to find a way to bottle musty wood, cigarettes and stagnate water.  Oh wait then they'd smell like the Cal....
5	YAY! I really loved this hotel. The rooms are very large, comfortable and beautiful. The bathrooms in their Bella Suite...well lets just say Im going to work really hard to be able to have one just like it in my own house. The hotel is very well ventilated which helps but what I noticed the most is that it had A LOT of security. You had to show a room key to go up to the elevators, you had to insert your key to press the elevator button, after 11pm they had a security guard checking cars coming in and out of the hotel and even had security around the pool. I felt very safe. Our room was big enough for 5 girls to stay comfortably. We also got a great rate wtih a promotion and stayed two nights with tax for $370. The service at the front desk, bellman and conceierge were great. I had no complaints at all. They have a couple pools, Tao Beach for the hipsters and cabanas which we heard are $400 on the weekends for the day. They even escort you to find a spot to sit and lay your towels down for you. I cant wait to go back and soak in their in room bathtubs again.Easy walk to the Palazzo and nearby Wynn / Fashion Show mall. I will definately be staying there again and recommending it as a little splurge.
3	Started out rough when the front desk receptionist tried to pull a quick one on us and tell us that the room (Rialto) that we had booked wasn't available... BULL* we had booked four months in advance and were not about to be downgraded... after some arguing and talking with the manager our room was miraculously made available to us... hmmm... not the first time this has happened to me... Hotel peeps don't waste your time we can play that game and we will win. Great hotel and great service. Stayed in the Rialto suite with my 7 hottest bffs... roomy, luxurious and plenty of room for hair tools, dresses and make-up. Plenty of mirrors to put on make-up at the same time... If I'm going to be picky: Some friends were NOT fans of the musky orange scented soap/shampoo/conditioner.... so bring your own if you are sensitive to this. Don't think the room had a blow dryer either, so you prolly have to request one from the front desk. When we turned the heater on it smelled like hot hair tools... you know what I'm talking about if you are a girl or metrosexual. Also, no iPod jack... luckily we had a CD in tow. Other than that no complaints.Request a room away from the elevator if you want to avoid some noise when you get back to your room to pass out... but that's my rule at any hotel.
4	All the times I've come to Vegas, I've gone cheap. We usually stayed at a friend's house, and the last time we came here, we stayed at Craposphere... er, I mean, Stratosfear... Er... Stratosphere. Sorry, maybe I'm still having a Vegas hangover. For my 30th birthday, I decided I'm goin' all out (mmm-hmmm). My sister recommended that I stay at the Venetian. Based on the reviews here and on other sites, I decided to go for it. i got a great deal on Hotels.com (got slot credit and other discounts, plus used my Discover Card to get 5% cashback). I booked a room in the Venezia tower. When we arrived, there was a looong a$$ line at the check in. Then I remembered that Venezia had its own check-in. Oh yeah! (I'm doing the Cabbage Patch right now) LOL!There were two people in line compared to the 50 in the "General" line. Hehe! When we got to our room, I was excited by how the room looked EXACTLY as it did on Venetian.com. Ok... Maybe it wasn't exactly. There was a button missing from the sofa, although it looks like someone tried to hide it by filling in the empty spot with black ballpoint pen. There were 3 TVs - one in the "living room," one in across the bed, and one in the bathroom. I could go on and on, but I think you get the picture. The service was great and I enjoyed my stay. We ate at Delmonico (review to come soon), and that was also a pleasant experience. I didn't care much for the toiletries, which had this orangey scent. However, I did take the emergency kit from the vanity. It was just too cute!When I turn 30 again next year, I'll definitely come back. :D
5	I absolutely love the Venetian and all things Venetian.  The rooms here are HUGE and feels so luxurious, especially the bathrooms.  I love staying here.  I think it's definitely a steal if you can book a room through some deals featured on SlickDeals.
4	If you want to feel like a queen or king for a weekend in Vegas, the Venetian is where you need to stay. You enter in and you are pleasantly surprised by the architecture within the walls of the hotel. My girlfriends and I booked our Rialto suite back in January - 4 months ago. When a couple of us went to check in, the girl at the counter told us that the Rialto was not available. The funny thing is that this information wasn't made available until my friend asked if we were getting the Rialto. The girl said that they would downgrade us as well as our rate, but hello, 8 girls can't stay in anything smaller than the Rialto since we need our space to sleep, get beauified, etc. We kept this gal on her toes and somehow a Rialto suite miraculously opened up. WTF mate - make this information known to your guests. That's utter BS that we didn't find out this information until check-in. Needless to say, except for the initial drama, the room was beautiful - double doors, a foyer, two beds, a living room and huge bathroom. I felt like a queen. The only downfall: the bitter orange scent of the shampoo & conditioner....um, not a fan. I'm coming back in May - hope my stay then will be as great as this one. And hope we don't have any check-in DRAMA! Thanks :)Cheers!
4	We came to Vegas with our kids, kind of the first time for us.  we're not the gambling types but the vegas attractions were appealing and we thought it would be like a much larger version of Disney World.  Nothing prepared us for the scale of the hotels, including the Venetian.  This is rococo to the hilt.  The hotel is impressive but the floral smell assaults you as soon as you enter.  As someone with a very sensitive nose (I have sinusitis), I could barely breathe.We got a great great deal on our room (bella suite for $199/nt incl taxes).  However, while waiting in line to check in we decided to ask if they had the rialto available or even concierge level suites.  Well that was like opening pandora's box.  The check in clerk was very friendly but went to great lengths to point out that the Palazzo had the same size suite available at the concierge level for $100 extra.  When asked what this would give us - breakfast, snacks in the afternoons, hors d'oevres in the evening, dessert at night, discounts to the casinos and restaurants, and free access to the health club.  Well, turns out that with our existing deal we were getting all that but the food.    So glad that we didn't fall for the song and dance since the food court is so accessible.Anyway, the room was gorgeous.  we LOVED it.  housekeeping was awesome. The pools were so much fun; our kids said that it was just like going to Hawaii only better.  Bouchon is a dream restaurant. The food was so good, I almost cried.  Also went to B&B, Mario Batalli's restaurant.  Ambience was good, food so-so.In short, we had a great time at this hotel and will come back again......maybe for an adult weekend too?
5	We stayed at the Venetian again this time and everything went by wonderfully, this time around. Everyone was super friendly and all our questions and tiny requests were answered promptly.We stayed in the Venezia tower, which is 10 floors up. It is slightly inconvenient since we need to go through the elevators twice to get to our room. On the plus side, the Venezia tower lobby had a much shorter line when checking out. Noelani even printed out our southwest boarding passes for us. That saved us the inconvenience of having us check in at the airport. Two cons - they knock on the door to check if you got your chocolates. There's another time they knocked for some odd reason and woke me up in the morning. I think someone stole our privacy sign.  I was oh so tired and cranky.A few pluses. They honored the $40 off per seat on our Phantom tickets since it was a promotion for staying at the hotel. We booked the seats after we booked the hotel but didn't get a promotion code back then. Everyone was super friendly. The security guy by the hotel elevators are all very nice. When I was rushing back from the pedicure at canyon spa for dinner at Tao, my flimsy spa slippers broke and I was walking barefoot, as not to mess up my pedicure and he told me to watch out for fallen glasses. Everything was well communicated and just overall pleasant. Getting a taxi was never easier. Doors are always opened. Questions always answered and when they forgot to print coupons for the offer that came with the room, they did that as well. Venetian was one part of our trip that went right. (Though maybe they could try influencing Tao to stuff fewer people in their night club)
4	The Top 5 Pros: 1) Each room has a living room w/large, flat panel TV and DVD player and each bathroom has its own flat panel TV, separate toilet, separate bath and shower; 2) Bouchon Bakery for breakfast; (chocolate croissants)  3) Friendly dealers; 4) Nice pools; and  5) Clean.The Cons:  1)  11.75 for a drink at the pool....is 1 ounce of vodka really worth that?   2)  The perfume smell they pump in (although it does help mask all the cigarette smoke);  3) Terrible bloody mary; (they just use the Mrs. T mix....very lazy)  4)  The view from the "poolside" view rooms (overlooks the nice, half-finished construction site next door and you get to hear the bass from Tao Beach in your room until 7pm each day...best to ask for the strip view); and   5) A bit dark on the inside (as compared to all the natural light in the Wynn)Overall, a good place to stay and would stay again.
4	Gosh this hotel is BEAUTIFUL and the rooms are awesome! This is a great place to stay especially if you're gonna go with a group of friends. I went with a group of 14 people and we shared two adjoining rooms, both with 2 queen beds and a living room area. We all slept COMFORTABLY. If you really wanted, you can fit 7 people very comfortably in one room (including the pull-out couch and pushing together the two chairs, ghetto, yes) The bathrooms are spacious although if one person takes a shower, you're pretty much all stuck using the other room's bathroom. However, the bathroom itself is in a closed room which is great because that doesn't stop other people (girls) from using the mirrors when they're getting ready to go out.Plus, the hotel in general is just beautiful. It's classy and its clean. Love love this place. Good job Venetian
5	I am a big fan of Venetian.  This is my first-choice for my trips to Las Vegas.During my last visit, my usual tip at the front desk yielded me a Rialto suite with a pool view.  1100 square feet?  Yes please.One thing I like the most about this hotel (which ironically could be deal-breaker for some) is the scent.  They must pump gazillion amount of air freshener into the ventilation system because it actually smells "good" (again, subjective) just about everywhere.Amenities and services are top-notch, as you would expect from hotel of this caliber.  Another major plus in my book is the poker room at Venetian.  They give you Fiji water!  No more crappy casino-branded bottle water!  Yay!Obviously not for those on a budget, but definitely worth it if you are willing to spend a little.
5	i've stayed at the Venetian my last 6-7 trips to Vegas. i consider it my "home" hotel in Vegas. The rooms are nice and spacious. The all-suite hotel room comes with usually 2 queen beds, a living room (pull out bed for some), 2 flat screen HD tvs, office table, tub, shower, big bathroom etc. Very comfortable room, that can easily fit 7 ppl comfortably. One bad part about this hotel is if you stay in the Venezia tower.. DAMN what a journey it can take to get to your room. Eventually u'll get used to it, but definitely not the most convenient routes up to a room.The pool area is off the hook. Tao beach is always full of people having fun, drinking, relaxing and havingn a good time.The poker room is also a big plus. One of the best poker rooms in town! Be careful of the sharks lurking though. Plenty of tables, and plenty of players.Another plus is that Tao nightclub is located just downstairs for a fun night of drunken partying. Yelp Tao Nightclub if you want more info on that.Overall, Venetian will always hold a place in my heart. 5 stars no doubt
4	I stayed here about a month ago for a Bachelorette Party and it worked out perfectly!We had 2 suites for 10 girls and the rooms were huge! We pre-partied and danced and yelled/sang (you know, typical for a bunch of drunk girls :) ) and we had no complaints from other guests which was a first! lolThe complimentary valet parking was awesome and our bellhop didn't even laugh too much as he loaded handles of Vodka, cases of beer, AND a box on Franzia wine (yeah we are THAT CLASSY!!) onto the cart. The clubs in the hotel and the Palazzo were also awesome, especially Friday Night at Lavo...free cover and free drinks- gotta love being a girl!I would definitely recommend this hotel for a group.
5	I always forget to review this place every time I go!  Especially since it's my favorite place to be!!!The rooms here are always great cause they provide you with a lot of room!  6 people can be here and not get cramped!  2 people on each of the beds and they also have a pull out bed for another 2 people!I love coming here because the staff is always friendly and also the hotel is in a great area!  Great area to walk since everything is around this hotel.  The shops and all the other great hotels if you like to go hotel hopping which is one of my favorite things to do since I don't gamble!  I just like to walk around and of course check out all the lobbies since they are always changing!The staff here are so friendly that one time, we called them to have the room cleaned at a certain time, and later on that day, they called us asking to make sure that the service was done and if it wasn't to let them know right away!Always a pleasure to be here!
4	Like the hotel.  The sooms are very nice, and very large.   Bathroom was also very large.  The only reason it didn't get five stars is the god awful orange scent and orange shampoo they provide.  Priceline negotiate your hotel room, got a very good rate three weeks before my trip.
3	As much as I want to say that I loved my stay at the Venetian Hotel & Casino, I can't get passed the two minor (MAJOR) set backs we endured upon arrival. We were automatically upgraded to a Hospitality Suite - free of charge. We really didn't know what that entailed, but we went along for the ride. The Hospitality Suite is approximately 3000 sq. ft., that's bigger than my apartment! It looked like a condo or a small house. There was a bar area, a living room, a dining room, a bedroom with a king size bed, two bathrooms; one with a jacuzzi tub and stand up shower adjacent, a flat screen and a phone inside the toilet room. i counted 4 flat screen TVs inside...sure made me feel like I was at some sports bar but without the douchebags or sports. The one thing I HATED the most was the tall mirror by the main door. Talk about MAJOR insecurities. This mirror wasn't the least bit flattering - whatsoever. It was slightly curved and made me look short and stumpy. And short and stumpy I am NOT! It was like looking into a fun house mirror at a carnival. It didn't seem to matter that all the other mirrors were fine and made me look normal -- but once I walked out to the front mirror, I looked like an Oompa Loompa. Fix that, Venetian!Anyway, the room looked pretty pimp that is until we caught a whiff of sewage water. We traced it back to the master bathroom, which was a complete FAIL. We called front desk and asked to be relocated, and we were. Our second room was the same layout but slightly smaller in size. Just as we unloaded our luggage and uncorked our wine, a strong scent overwhelmed us. We walked to investigate the familiar SKUNK scent only to walk right into a cloud of marijuana smoke from the room next door. I made the mistake of opening the neighboring door only to be hit with a major contact high. I don't know about YOU guys, but I like my hotel rooms to smell of LYSOL or some sort of cleaning product. I like CLEAN. Not rancid poop water or the Chronic. It's all about the atmosphere and if your sensual atmosphere is shot to hell by scents that make you cringe and cover your nose, then you are NOT in a comfortable and relaxing state of mind. I did get a bit cranky and urged my BF to call front desk once again, which he did. We didn't really want to kill our neighbor's good time, so we just sucked it up and stayed put. I mean, we ARE in Vegas and people like to PARRR-TAY. Who am I to play Sgt. Party Pooper? The Venetian is just like any of the other high-end hotels in Vegas. Loud casino below, stores galore, dance clubs and bars and five-star restaurants. Try Delmonico's Steak House -- pretty spectacular. They have a Starbucks inside, if you fancy a cup of crappy java. They also have a cafe with fresh baked goods! I am not much of a gambler, so the only thing for me to do s to observe, drink, eat and sleep. The Venetian is a pretty hotel with a lot of ground to cover. Perhaps the next time I am in Vegas, I will feel adventurous and roam around to see what else this hotel has to offer...in the meantime, I will save all my lodging for the Monte Carlo.
5	When one of my friends decided to get married in Vegas we booked one of the suites at the Venetian.  It had to be the nicest rooms I've been in at Vegas so far.  The only gripe I have is that the AC didn't seem to work all that well and the staff said there was nothing they could do about it.  There was actually a "securtiy" type person standing at the begining of the hallway checking to make sure someone had a room key for the hotel.
5	It's been over a year but you never forget our first experience at the Venetian!  It's a beautiful hotel with lots of swimming pools but none are indoors.  My sweetie took me there for my birthday and it was like a fancy apartment with gold fixtures in the bathroom and a television to watch as you take a nice bubble bath.  Ahhh, then the nice fluffy robe to top it off.  I never wanted to leave as I indulged on room service and fancy chocolates (they were my own).  We swam in every pool and walked around in our fancy robes & slippers while having cocktails and lunch in between.  It was fun to be wrapped up and order food!  It was November and I caught a nasty cold from all of the swimming and cold weather but I still managed to have great time!
5	Probably the best suite I've ever stayed in (it better be, at $640 per night for the Rialto Suite the weekend I went!)... you get 1100 sq. feet, 3 large TVs, HUGE bathroom, beautiful room and living room, great tower view, and Egyptian cotton sheets. You also get free VIP passes to Tao (probably my fave Vegas club). Loved it, and would absolutely stay here again!
5	Last year I stayed at the Palazzo with some friends, played some poker, and did some gambling. Early this year they send me a promo in the mail and I have free suites until the end of March for both hotels! So... my fiance, baby, and I spent 8 nights at the Venetian and 2 at the Palazzo on three trips. For the Venetian...The hotel rooms are great. The Rialto suite is set up the same as the standard bella but with much more sq footage. The downside to this is that the tv in the bed area is pretty far away from the beds. BUT it's a much nicer room! Heres our messy room right before leaving:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s94YhFxa5VMFree things to ask for: Humidifier (it was actually really dry without it), crib (comes with a little baby toiletry set thing), extra fridge (for the baby milk, of course).Decent channel selection on the tv's (theres a small one in the bathroom, but positioned so you can't see it from the bathtub unless your head is where the faucet is), but when you change channels there is a delay which can get annoying.The rooms are great though! So are the lobbies. Room service is overpriced, if you must eat in your room, order Grand Lux to go.To get roses to your room it's way overpriced.. Champagne is overpriced as well, but not as much as the flowers...Theres a huge convention center between the Venetian and Palazzo... if you need to use the (small) business center, it's $7.50 per 15mins for computer/internet use, but you can use the 15 mins on separate visits... so you can check your email real quick each day.... in room internet is $9.99 per day I believe, but don't bring a laptop to VEGAS!The casino floor cocktail service is not that fast, unless your lucky.The Grand Lux Cafe is GREAT! It's from the same people who do the Cheesecake Factory. The Salmon Baguette from Bouchon was the perfect breakfast.The variety in fine dinning is great.The Canyon Ranch Spa is really nice.If you stay in the Venezia tower beware of the strong almost perfume smell in the lobbies and elevators. I don't know why they make it so strong.I didn't go to the pool, because it was kind of cold. But it's where Chris Angel walked on water ;)The poker room has a lot of players. During the deep stack extravaganza tourneys they extend the card room out into the slot machine territory! There are a loada really good, local, players who play here quite a bit. If you go on a holiday weekend, there are a bunch of loose players! Always use your club grazie players card when you play, they will give you at least a dollar in food comps for every hour you play. Overall if you play smart and figure who your up against at the table, it's a great room. Oh, Daniel Negreanu stopped by last time I was there. He didn't play, but yes... I bugged him for a photo and hand shake.Overall Las Vegas Sands Corp stock is down from over $100 per share to $7ish right now... but hey, pretty sure it went to around $2 not that long ago, I know they are trying to get a cash flow from stuff in Macau, but they really are trying in Vegas to make the Venetian and Palazzo continue to be one of the top few Resort/Casino's on the strip, and as far as I'm concerned it's working!
5	before The Palazzo opened, this was my favorite place to stay...big luxurious rooms, it can accomodate 6 people, or more if you dont mind sleeping on the floor w/ sleeping bagsalways had a great experience at the venetian, whether it'd be gambling, staying in the room, or clubbing at Tao. be part of their Club Grazie and you'll get some pretty good discountsservice was great; of course i will stay there again.
3	I was SO looking forward to my stay at the Venetian especially since Venice was one of my favorite oversea cities and this is the closest I'll ever be to it in a while. My friend got us upgraded to the Bella Suite, which was really nice. I loved how all the cooridors and hallways were decorated as a contempory spin on the timelessness of Europe. (sighs) Everything was clean and in place, but hotel service desk were a little unprofessional. Our last day there, we asked for a late check-out and that was ok. But when us girls were getting ready, the circuits in the bathroom and plug outside the bathroom short-circuited. When my friend called the front desk to have them come fix it, front desk asked us if we wanted it fixed or if we were calling to just let them know. What does that even mean?! It would have to be fixed anyways and good customer service skills would have prompted you to say "we will have someone come up right now to fix it." AHHH! And we had to wait about 30 min. before anyone showed up. I'm sure if this hadn't happened, I would be more satisfied. Oh Venetian, I really wanted to give you 4 stars, but it's still a nice hotel. The only other thing is that the bathroom area in the Bella suite has no lock.
4	The glamorous slice of Venice at the Venetian in Las Vegas                  A TYPICAL GONDOLA RIDE AT THE VENETIAN(Wow, best $64 I spent! Romantic! SCORE!) Ca c'est bon mon cheri!(I'm so getting my a$$ LAID tonight! YEAH!)                |                |                |   (Whatta cheapa$$, wouldn't fly me to Venice ITALY!! I'm so                  |     not putting out!) It's lovely dear (where's tha f**king                  |      Spumante? I hella need another hit!)                 |                /                 |               /                 |              /           (TOURISTOS! Oh..where was I...) O SOLE MIO!                |            /                           /                                LA LA LA LA LA LA....                |          /                            O   \\               O      O~                           | ==\\               /|\       /|\                            |       \\         \     | |      / |                            / \    /  \\~~~~ ======================    \\~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~                                                                   \\                                                                    \\                                                                     OP.S. The dude in the picture is not me.
5	I love staying at the Venetian.  This pool and the Canyon Ranch spa is amazing, and the rooms/suites are incredible, spacious, huge, and comfortable.  I usually choose the Venetian for winter stays due to the pool.  For summers, the Mandalay Bay has a better pool.  The rooms at the Venetian beat the Mandalay Bay, however, and the interior, from the shops to the gondolas to the painted ceilings, are amazing.
5	I loved it compared to the shithole MGM I was forced to stay in last year I am a big fan of the Venetian!! Thank god the conference is at the same place again next year!! I was there for work, so sadly didn't get to have much 'fun' or eat anywhere cool-not even the grand lux!! I did eat at that pizza place near the entrance and it was ok. Anyway, aside from the conference center not being 25 miles away from the rooms...I LOVED the rooms. The appeared very clean, and that is all I care about! However, a flat screen HD TV for the bed area and another TV with a DVD player in the bottom half of the suite was awesome...and also-TV in the bathroom!!! As my Red Wings were in their second overtime period I could watch as I got ready to impress the business folk.... Also, bathrooms-HUGE plus!! A separate room with the toilet! Granted I was alone so it didn't matter but if you are bunking up-what a great feature! Also, a separate vanity counter complete with vanity mirror-which was good because the lighting was a little weird in the boathroom....huge counter with a double sink and a large marble shower AND `they give you robes which were sweet and for 65 bucks-they can be yours, folks! Needless to say, I passed. I was very happy with the abundance of reasonably priced places to eat and the beautiful shopping area to stroll in...the pool area was huge and quiet for an evening nap. Overall, if I ever come to Vegas for fun I am sticking with this place.
4	This place is awesome.  The suites are really sweet.  Get a room with a view of the pool and you'll be on that window forever.  It may take several elevators, a bunch of hallways, a mile or two to get to your room, but it's well worth it!  Access to the Venetian also gives you access to the Palazzo's pool.  If you're staying at this hotel, defintely hit up TAO.  You won't have to stumble too far up to your room as dawn breaks.
5	My sister and I stayed in a suite for 4 nights last week.  Wonderful.  Loved it. Beautiful hotel -- large rooms for a really decent price -- and fantastic bathrooms.  I highly recommend this hotel..  It was fantastic.
5	Great suite.  Stayed at the Venezia Towers.  If you're self-parking, there's a little maze of elevators and bridge to get to the Venezia side.  Overall it was a great stay.  Stayed on the Venetian side a few years ago....   Probably one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in in Las Vegas.  Being comped the suite doesn't hurt either! haha
3	My wife and I stayed at the Venitian last weekend.  Vegas seems to be hurting these days, we booked a regular room for $199/night and were upgraded to a suite in the Venezia Tower when we checked in.  While the suite itself was really only one big room, divided into a bedroom and living room by a railing, it was certainly worth it for the price.  Marble bathroom, big tub, comfortable bed, & nice TV.  If you're in town with a group or family you could pretty easily sleep 6 people in one of these rooms.  The condition of our room wasn't impeccable - some of the furniture was scratched and the walls had scuffs, but again it was certainly nicer than some of the Vegas rooms I have had in the past.  My favorite thing about the Venitian is that you can spend the entire weekend there without ever really going outside.  The casino connects to  the canal shops which in turn connects to the Palazzo shops and hotel.  We had all of our meals and drinks without ever leaving the boundaries of the property.  A couple of recommendations - if you are interested in the pool deck get out there early or you won't find a chair.  We casually made our way out there around noon to find it packed with people and no free space.  The private Venezia pool was the same way, we had better luck down there later in the afternoon though.  Also, the Venitian has some strange policies about billing you in advance for incidentals and then crediting you back the money when you check out.  I guess this is to prevent people from running up charges and skipping town, but strangely when we tried to bill something to the room it turned out there was some kind of additional fee for that?  Drinks at the pool deck were expensive.  Don't bother with valet, there's plenty of parking.
2	The only thing good about the Venetian was the way built the structure. I paid big bucks and paid for an upgrade. Got a bigger room but for that price I got a cracked tub and the shower cold/hot handle was not working properly. First day , i waited 10 minutes for hot water just to realize i had to play with the loose handle         .  Five star hotel?? Im not so sure about that. All the good reviews on yelp??? The Paris had better rooms for a cheaper price. It was a waste of money to stay here. Service needs help. Fancy yes, overrated definitely. Tao night club was ok. They let us in free so no big complaint.
5	I just LOVE this hotel..ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL..the suites here are bigger, better & nicer than the ones @ Bellagio & Wynn.. =) the service here is GREAT..fast & efficient..the pools here are just gorgeous & there is soo much to do & see @ this hotel that makes it such a great place to stay...the hotel itself just reminds me of beautiful Italy..the marble, frescos &decor that they have here absolutely breath taking...as very romantic & sweet place place 2 stay 4 couples.. =)
5	Venetian, Venetian, you popped my Vegas cherry, and I been comparing you to others ever since.The resort is huge, we we stayed here in June08, and I felt like we never had to leave.  They seem to have made the hotel so you never have to leave.  Check In process was excellent.  Not a very long line and well organized, but , maybe it was because it was only noontime.  When we got to the counter and informed the clerk that we would end up with more that the 2 people in the room, we expected to pay the extra persons fee.  Nope, she said it was fine and not to worry about it, took their names and moved on.Concierge services really made you feel important, seeing as this was our first 21+ trip to Vegas, we headed to the concierge to help make nightlife arrangements.  The concierge went above and beyond and got us show tickets, dinner reservations to Tao, comp passes to Tao(I now know that this was just comped by the hotel), and guestlist to Tryst.  Not only that, but he followed up after each and every event to make sure everything went off with no issues.  Now that's customer service!Beds were very comfortable, and the room layout helped fit the rest of my group comfortably for the weekend. The huge bathroom was a definite plus, although I kinda wish they put the TV in the toilet room instead of the bath tub area.There was a food court within the hotel which had your typical mall fast food joints that really saved money for more partying.Overall hands down one of the best hotels in Vegas, their customer service alone puts them above the rest.  Maybe the Wynn/Encore can knock them off the top of my list.
4	Nice hotel, but it's so big that it feels very impersonal. I don't recall anyone on the staff ever speaking to me, other than the woman at the front desk during check-in and check-out. The museum inside of the hotel was nice too, even if only to kill a little time before we left.
4	Your Star Wars slot machine gave me $40. The sound it makes when you win is sonic bliss. Thanks Obi-Wan!
5	lovely!  really top notch, good location, great pool, attentive staff.  I would for sure stay here again if I got a good deal on a room. make sure to ask the concierge to get on the list for Tao to avoid the longer lines.
3	The Venetian is a nice property.  I have stayed here a dozen times over the years for one reason or another.  The rooms are large, but so is the hotel...to a fault.  Checking in can be a challenge.  I always skip the checkout process and just leave to spare myself waiting in line with a crowd.The Canyon Ranch Spa is very nice.  I like the rock climbing wall.  There are also a lot of nice restaurants, including Noodle Asia.  I love their dim sum.Don't let them "upgrade" you to the spa tower.  You have to walk a lot further to get to the casino or out of the hotel and personally, I don't like the view or "feel" over there.  I made the mistake of upgrading once and now have it on file with the hotel to never put me over there.The room service is good.  The location is pretty good.  The shopping is extensive.  Overall, it just doesn't blow me away.  I have to give it 3 stars because of personal taste, but I am sure that many people will enjoy this as much as I have enjoyed some of my 5-star rated hotels.
4	My first experience with The Venetian brand was actually not in Vegas but in Macau.  The Venetian Macau was an astonishing site that actually puts the Vegas one to shame, if you can believe that.  And that's not saying the one here in the states is anything to sneeze at.  Cuz it ain't.  In fact, it's probably one of the most stunning hotel/casinos on the strip.  Both Las Vegas and Macau have an impressive array of shops that line an indoor canal complete with gondolas, and they both have a trippy "you're indoors but you can swear your outdoors" thing that is well worth a look.  It's just that the one in Macau is bigger, and seems to go on longer.  But where The Venetian Las Vegas wins out is in its spectacular array of restaurants.  A lot of them were far, far out of my price range, but they all looked extremely awesome.  The jury is still out on which one I'll break the bank on.Also worthy of note:  They have Star Wars, Star Trek and Indiana Jones slot machines.  Awesome..
4	The hotel isn't too bad. There are two sections of rooms in the hotel. I don't know the names of the two sections. But one section seems a bit older and not as nice as the other section. I stayed here multiple times and most of by experience has been good. The hotel is clean, nice and a bit fancy. They almost always have discounts. I get their monthly emails and. They have pretty good deals. The casino floor is pretty nice and you will pretty much find what you need. Overall a great place to be if you want to be a bit fancy and don't have to spend too much. When you get a two bed suite, you can comfortably sleep 6 people. Since they have two long sofas. Really nice if you in a decent crowd.
3	The actual hotel is beautiful, the hotel security is great too they won't let you access certain parts of the hotel unless you have a room at the Venitian! They have a mall in there that is beautiful and the rooms are just ok nothing special!But perhaps the most disappointing part of this hotel is their service, the servers are friendly and all but expect a very slow service. We ordered room service and it took them over an hour to bring it and when they did it was cold!!! We also ordered extra towels and it took them another hour to bring those!! If you are going to do vegas then do it right! Pay a little extra money and stay at the Wynn or Encore it is by far the best experience i've had and is well worth the extra $.
5	I didn't stay at the hotel visiting twice as a spectator.  I loved this place!  It's hard to criticize anything about the structure itself which was amazing as a true replica of Venitian architecture.  The only thing I did notice was their gondola guy spoiled a wonderful moment of his singing with a couple in his gondola boat.  In the middle of what seemed to be a genuine tender moment for the couple to always remember, the gondola singer suddenly looked at his watch. In the dining area with the blue sky everywhere simulating a Venetian dining experience, they had a trio performing - a flautist, violinist and guitarist. They appeared to be from Russia perhaps.  I caught the last bit of their performance with my camera.  They didn't get any applause and their attitudes showed their disgust and disappointment.  They had frowns on their faces most of the performance.  Not good showmanship.Other than that, this place is fabulous!
5	After balling it up at the Sky Lofts at the MGM the last time I came to Vegas, I was afraid that I would be too jaded and unsatisfied with any other hotel. I definitely did not feel that way when I stayed at The Venetian. I love that it is suite style which definitely makes it easier to have a few extra guests. The beds are super comfy and the sofa actually pulls out into a bed which gave our 5th guest a good place to sleep. I guess the room is kind of expensive at around $200 a night, but if you split it between a few people it's not so bad. I also love the fact that they play music from Phantom here in the elevators.Also, you must pay a visit to their pool. Tao beach and the shallow pool with chairs in the middle make for a perfect place to get that tan!
5	This is the go to place for vegas/clubbing enthusiast. The rooms are suites and so there is plenty of room to fit 8 ppl on beds/sofa pull outs/couches comfortably. You can pack a couple of more on the floor. Nice and spacious! Its located near everything you need. It connects to Palazzo which has a fun casino with lots of young and old gamblers. The air is more ventilated so you don't have to worry about the cigarette smell.  You can cross the streets to go to Treasure Island, Encore/Wynn and even the Fashion Mall. Its walkable!  Secondly clubs/lounges are nearby:Tao @ venetianLavo Lounge @ PalazzoTryst and XS at Wynn/encore hotelIt's a great location overall!Room prices can range but if you have more ppl it can still be on somewhat of a budget, and since club/bars are nearby/walkable you can save on cabs.  My boyfriend also likes going to Grand Lux for their Pasta Carbonara as a late night, after drinking snack. Beware, long wait time even after you get seated.
4	Ok, I am upgrading the Venetian one star because it really did deserve 4 stars from the start.  The property is beautiful and meticulously maintained.  This visit, I especially enjoyed the accordian player wandering around.  Nice touch.  I also enjoyed the fact that there were NO lines at check-in.  Lucky timing?  The food at Noodle Asia was great, as always, and I discovered the sandwiches at Bouchon Bakery, which are perfect for a quick snack as you run in or out the door.  Room service knocked once when our do not disturb sign was hanging, but it was afternoon.  Last but not least, I got lucky and hit a jackpot in the casino...gotta love that!
5	Come to Lost Wages this time of year (June, in a bad economy) and you can get some deals, especially mid-week! I come to Vegas several times a year, mostly for business (well, you always can mix in some pleasure here in Sin City). So I prefer to go to an off-the-strip hotel, like you might find in every other city. Why the Hades would I stay at a Courtyard, Embassy Suites or other such businessperson's hotel  when I go to Vegas  you ask? Because if you are trying to make business calls, and drive around town as a humble worker bee toiling his trade, you want to be able to get in your hotel and out of your hotel, usually easily and quickly, like you do in Bakersfield, or Missoula, Hackensack or anywhere else Johnny Cash used to sing about. ("I've been everywhere, man!" I can relate!)So the last thing you want to do is be with the prolitereate masses of rookies, wanabees, country bumpkins, and drunk douchebags, waiting in line for 20 minutes for your Valet car, 20 minutes for your bags, walk through endless casinos that stretch for blocks, and fight through oggling crowds fixated on free shows on Las Vegas Boulevard. But sometimes you have to make exceptions, like I did today. The deal:Luxury Suite on the 33rd floor of the Venetian, with oversized bathroom with marble floors and double doors, a separate commode room, large bathtub and separate glass enclosed shower, vanity, his/hers sink, king size bed, 3 flat screen TVs, step down living room with gold sectional couch, large coffee table, desk with fax/printer and WIFI, separate dining table, remote control automated curtains, 2 terry robes, sensor mini-bar, and luxury appointments. Wait, that's not all! Add $25 in slot money, complimentary golf club rentals, 50% discount on a round of golf at Bali Hai or Royal Links, 20% off your bill at Restaurant Charlie, 2 for 1 well drinks at Salute in the Palazzo Hotel, and 20% off at the Pinot Brasserie. Cost on a Thursday night in June?$300? (WIlliam Shatner scoffs! Go lower, he whispers)$200? (Bill says, Mamby Pamby! Lower)$150? (Shatner is asking to be beamed up!)Try $109. Yup, all that for $109. And Bill Shatner had nothing to do with it. Neither did Price Line. I just saw their show, Jersey Boys last year, didn't even stay here then (I was at the Embassy Suites!) and they emailed me the special. Turns out I turned the $25 free slots into $60, took that to the Craps table and turned it into $300. So I came out way ahead. And instead of seeing businessmen in business casual wear at the Courtyard, there was nothing but lovely women showing a lot of flesh in their little strapless mini-dresses. Las Vegas gives women the excuse to dress like a hooker, and they all do when the sun goes down. Only problem is, they can't wear that same mini-dress back in Peoria or Poughkeepsie or Petaluma! Not at the local Marriott at least!Which reminds me, didn't William Shatner play a "Hooker" on TV?
3	Quickly deposited $40 in one of their slot machines.  Not a single hit on anything.  A cocktail waitress finally appeared, and I ordered a drink.  I sat there and sat there and sat there, but she never returned with it.  So I gave up and left.  Disappointed.
5	Reviewing this as a hotel to stay in, I have no complaints. As a casino, I am NOT the person to ask. Never once stopped there.We had a group of 12 that fit comfortably in two suites. They were bigger than my apartment (Sad, I know) and super clean. I'm a hotel room clean freak and if there's a stray hair in the shower or a masked cigarette burn in the wall paper, I'll find it. Nothing, although the doorknob in the bathroom got pulled off and popped back in a couple times over the weekend.Housekeeping will come back once an hour, every hour until you're ready for them. They'll clean with you in there too but we turned that down. And they were right there with extra towels for a room full of showering girls.The beds. Oh the beds. They might be the most comfortable things that ever happened. I came home and thought of what I needed to buy to make my own bed feel that good. Crisp, cool cotton sheets, down pillows and the fluffiest, lightest duvet I've ever felt. We found it impossible to lay down on those beds, even when we were totally awake and just waiting for someone to finish getting ready, to stay awake! They put you to sleep!Quick check-out, reasonably priced for a room that big, account information available on the television. I'm happy with my stay.
5	i've stayed at the luxor, excalibur, mgm, circus circus, imperial palace, palazzo, off strip hotels/motels, but this is the best one i've stayed at so far. i just love the rooms and the decor; it has a very comfortable room/bed.  even though the palazzo is newer pretty much the same room, there's something about the venetian that makes the stay worth while.
4	It's looking like I'll be staying here once a year for the rest of my hopefuly long life. I have found the environment in the Venezia tower - for me - to be totally conducive to a complete brain defragmentation in a very short period of time. They also have one of the only pools I've ever enjoyed hanging out in. Each afternoon I relaxed by the pool reading. The water itself was a tolerable temperature and the jacuzzi was never too crowded. My only complaint about this place is the horrific, infernal buzzing sound in the room. I turned off the air and looked everywhere for the source, but it seems like it's mainly due to air running in other rooms as well as that white noise phenom all huge hotels seem to have. It was fine, I just told myself it was white noise and kept the windows open the whole time.I've also always encountered some issue or other on checkin. this Time it was that one of the LCD TVs didn't work. Also the battery for the safe was low, and they wouldn't do anything to fix the safe unless I was in the room. Really, in Vegas that can mean being in your room when you didn't plan on it so that issue was never taken care of and I just carried my most valuable stuff with me the whole time. Lastly, I got a Club Grazie card - their casino marketing card - the last time I was here last year. This year they are having a big CG promotion wherein if you have 1000 points you get a comped room. BUT... it's only for new CG people not former ones. I'm so sick of the nickel and diming shit!
1	This hotel is getting dated.  Peeling wallpaper, gross tiles, you know how it gets. It was also damn noisy and I couldn't sleep a wink.  I paid $250 for the room and the bathroom smelled like urine.  The non-smoking room smelled like smoke during the night (the casino downstairs starts filling up people and the ventilation system leaks).  The chocolate at nightly turn down wasn't enough to improve the experience.  Why pay this much for a crappy room?  If they're living off of reputation, it's only a matter of time before people start figuring it out.1 star indicates too much credit
5	LOVE THE VENETIAN! TOP OF ITS CLASS! I stayed at this hotel a few years ago....when I was young and broke..and were able to fit 18 people in one comfortably! lol tHAT should give u an idea of how big the rooms are! Huge bathroom. Great decor. Tons to do here. Wonderful art and architecture all around. Love the gondolas...very romantic. TAO is always a great club to go to (just get there early..and men....good luck...make sure your ratio is 1 guy to every 5-8 girls.
5	Really wished I could've stayed here (see review for Circus Circus). I wound up coming here for the gambling and really enjoyed myself here. Only complaint was the casino floors being so closely packed. Seems like things here are mashed together. Other than that, this place is truly one of the classiest places in Vegas.
5	Right after I walked in and looked up...I was impressed.  The decor is beautiful, classical and grand...  I especially love their rendition of the Sistine Chapel ceiling and the art filled shopping area.The suites are also very nice and spacious with a seperate sunken living room area.The Venetian definitely has alot of charm and I wouldn't mind staying here again...
5	I hadn't been to vegas for over 10 years so i was a little unsure of what hotel to book, but i decided to go with venetian since it had the cheapest deal i found on the internet among the upper class places.  Once i got to the strip, i realized that i made the right choice.  First of all, i felt like Venetian was a the center of the strip and the walks to other sites like TI, bellagio, CP were very close.  The suite we got was really beautiful and i love the fact that it was so spacious with a nice pull out couch (we could have easily fit 6 people for less than 25 bucks a person.  For those who hates the heat and prefers to stay in cold rooms, the venetian hotel rooms are fairly cold too.  Also, this was the only hotel that had flowers pumping through their vent, and never did i smell like cigarettes.  They have a food court in the casino and in the canal shops for those who want to eat a little cheaper.  Some of the other hotels might be a little more "vegas like" but this one is definitely my favorite.
5	After going to Tao and Tao Beach, and having spend a considerable amount of cash at this place, I would say I am very impressed with my investments into the Sands corporation. I started my day by going to Tao Beach, and to find it completely over crowded, I left and chilled at the pool outside in the Venetian. I ordered a drink because I wasn't exactly staying there, I was there strictly for the Tao Beach event. I wanted to pay back the Sands for atleast letting us into their pool area. The drink costs $9 each and they do have bartenders walking by taking your orders. I found a nice spot right infront of the Tao Beach line and was able to get a good tan before heading in again later. The water in the pool was definitely clean. The life guards were spot on. As soon as some moron attempted to bring a drink in, they would blow a whistle and call fouls on them. I thought this was smart on their part to keep the water clean.In the evenings I had give the boat sailors some props for giving gandola rides at like 4 am to drunks and families of 4 obese children. The employees there were still hard at work at all hours of the night. All of the restaurants closed up by midnight, but the food court was still an option for all your late night munchies.  I give this place 5 stars for the setup and the amazing friendly environment they have provided to a non-guest. I will definitely consider staying in one of my future trips and compare it to the Wynn.
3	The hotel's standard has downgraded significantly since my last stay in September. My friends and I stayed for 3 nights in the Bella Suite. It is a good hotel for big group because the Bella Suite has a pull out sofa, however the services, especially housekeeping, are horrible. We were originally given a suite in the Venetian Tower. The layout is bigger and the setup is much newer than the Venezia Tower. The bed was extremely comfortable and the sitting area is bigger. The sofa bed is a twin size bed as opposed to Venezia Tower's queen size sofa bed. Unfortunately, our stay was unpleasant the moment we set foot into the room. First, we could not close the safe because the safe was locked with the door open. My pillow had a dark stain which was gross. The sink was clogged and spat out soot. We had to call concierge multiple times to fix the problems and each time, the wait is around 30 mins. The hotel finally upgraded us to the Venezia Tower with the strip view. The suite in Venezia is much older but at least we didn't encounter more problems. Since we had 5 people staying, we had to call for housekeeping to bring in additional towels and such. It took a long time for calls to be picked up and once, the housekeeping took an hour to deliver the towels we needed when I was told the est. time was 15-20 minutes. Whenever we ask the front desk to upgrade or give us a late check out, they always told us that the system is down and we'll have to come back in an hour. The whole stay was inconvenient and cutting into our time of having fun. The point of staying at a nice hotel was to get a good rest after a night of partying, but Venetian's made it difficult for us to get the rest we deserved.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because my last stay was a pretty good stay. I am extremely disappointed and irritated with the hotel this time.
5	i have always loved this casino, but i dont have a host here so i like to stay at caesars more because they take care of me there.the rooms here are huge, the tables are good, the slots are good and the food is good. the crowd is good.... shops are good.this is my favorite casino as far as crowd, decor, and rooms.but i still love caesars because the service there is far better because of the tier system!!!!
4	Nice, very nice. The room:Loved the huge bathroom with the sunken tub next to the glass shower stall. Soft bed, good pillows. Two sofas, 2 sets of tables and chairs. Three TV's. My only complaint was that my room overlooked the pool and I had to hear "Poker Face" 5,000 times in my 3 day stay. The hotel:Huge as expected. Really appreciated the food courts for us cheap bitches. The gondola along the faux canal and the painted ceiling were nice touches. Blew a wad at the Venetian glass store. Beautiful things in there. The service:Good. When the iron in my room malfunctioned, they were quick to send another. Housekeeping was quiet and efficient. All the staff I encountered were very nice and accommodating. The price:Well, free because I was there for my friend's wedding, so I wouldn't really know. The smell:Okay, that incense-y whatever it was got old within hours. Kinda cloying, really. And why did my room - located on the 9th floor - always smell like steak? I could swear they pipe that through the ventilation system to constantly make you hungry.The casino:They had my favorite penny slot, which was VERY good to me (won $127 with my first 5 bucks). The cocktails servers were attentive but not annoying. I would definitely come back and stay here. I'd even pay my own way.
4	For someone like me who doesn't often enjoy the nicer hotels in Vegas this was a treat. Caught a great deal because of the slot club. I normally couldn't stay in a place so nice but had a chance to do so this this past trip. The only problem I have is it's going to be hard to go back to the hotels that I'm used to staying at after this trip. The customer service was professional and top notch. My only complaint would be the fact that the parking structure does not have any camera's to keep your car safe. This hotel room is so nice you really don't want to go outside to enjoy the 107 degree weather.  I stayed in the hotel room more this trip than any other Vegas trip I have taken before.
5	This place is really cool. The ceilings inside look like your outside. The clouds are really cool. The boats going up and down the little canals are pretty cool though I could go without hearing them sing. The food in here is really good and the casinos are clean. The service was really good here and I enjoyed coming here. Its got alot of good stores but they are quite pricey because its the strip.
3	*** THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE POKER ROOM ONLY ***The poker room at the Venetian is a very different animal.  The focus here is on luxury, just like everything else at the hotel.  When you first walk in, you realize it may just be the nicest poker room west of the Mississippi.  It's got the biggest poker tables you'll ever see.  Each table has ample padding, big cup holders and calming beige felt.  There's plenty of room to walk between the tables, and you don't have to risk bumping into a grumpy poker player who's just about ready to kick your ass.  The parking garage has a row of reserved parking spots for poker room regulars.  Venetian even serves Fiji water to parched poker players.  For a second there, I asked myself: "Why did I waste the last 6 years of my life playing poker at the Bellagio?  The tables at Bellagio are tiny.  Besides, the tables are so close to one another that you could tell which player at the table next to you had tuna and garlic for lunch."  After playing at the Venetian for an hour, I remembered why they say that "beauty is only skin deep."Poker, as I am sure you know, is very different from any other casino game.  You can't play poker unless you have an adequate number of poker players who want to play with you.  In that sense, it's a lot more like flag football than it is like blackjack.  The Venetian, despite having an appealing ambiance and a posh setup, struggles to attract poker players.  They try to bring in celebrities, organize tournaments and promote themselves in every which way, but it seems to only work temporarily.  As soon as the tournament players leave, they flee the Venetian.Luckily, there was a big tournament in progress, so the room was not empty.  I came here twice during my last trip looking for a mid-limit hold 'em game.  I couldn't find it here (or anywhere else in town, really), so I had to settle for a game of $4/$8 Texas hold 'em.  There were 3 tables of $4/$8 games and a few tables of no-limit hold 'em.  Still, they had plenty of available tables and not too many available players.I was very disappointed with the management here.  They seem to be disorganized and not particularly experienced in running the games.  While playing, I asked a gentleman to help me apply for the player's card.  He asked for my ID and disappeared.  It took me 2 inquiries and over 50 (!) minutes of worrying about my driver's license whereabouts to finally get him to bring me the card.  Of course, he didn't apologize or offer to give me credit for an additional hour played.  It was very unprofessional.  The poker room host was also unnecessarily short with me, responding to my simple question with: "Yes, we have open seats.  You have to wait in line [points to his left]."  You can't fill the room, and you have an attitude?  Could there be a correlation there?The swing shift dealers were a joke, too.  They could not run the game or read the cards.  On three occasions during a 2 1/2 hour session, I corrected the dealer's pathetic attempts to read the board.  Are you serious?  Thank G-d we weren't playing Omaha!  I don't want to rag on the dealers, though, since I am guessing they may have been temporary dealers bussed in from smaller card rooms all over the country to help with the WSOP event.  Still, the Venetian should do a better job of screening its poker dealers.I could see myself playing here again, but I doubt I'll play here often enough to earn that coveted parking spot.  Big tables are good, but 'll take competent staff over a pretty table layout any day.
3	I'm indifferent about this hotel. I was expecting more, and a lot of little annoyances would make me rethink booking here again. Room: Very spacious (they're all suites after all) and nice view from the 31st floor. But there's no coffee maker. The window whistled loudly when it was windy and you could hear the atrocious American Idol styled music blasting from the pool area. This is nitpicking, but you could see the wires hanging from the bottom of the wall mounted TV. The lighting was weird and dark. There's no separation between the beds and the living room, so if someone wants to watch TV while someone else sleeps, good luck. Why not put up a retractable curtain between these areas for some privacy and noise control? They have them on the windows. Pool: Kind of gross and needs some serious cleaning. They also need a lot more umbrellas or shaded area in the summer. Duh, I know it's hot, but I still want to hang out and take a dip in the pool. I shouldnt have to fry to death in the meantime or pay hundreds of dollars to rent a cabana. Oh, and you get to listen to competing crappy music from the tree plantar speakers no matter where you sit. Spa: Hits and misses (see separate Yelp review) Food and Bev: Drinks are overpriced and watered down in ALL bars. Food was generally good. Staff: Okay. Check-in lady was very efficient and friendly. Other staff not so knowledgeable. We asked several people where the piano bar was, and no one knew. In fact, some claimed it didnt exist. Well, it does, on the Palazzo side, which they should know. Waitress brought us the wrong drink order and was very, very slow. Staff was generally not knowledgeable about coupons we had as part of our hotel package. Voicemail: No matter how many times I tried to access voicemail, the system would not let me and I had to wait forever on hold to get the front desk to help me out. I had to join some "club" to get fee slot play, so maybe they'll send me discounts on rooms. Maybe then I'd return. But I still like Caesars much better.
5	Couldn't have picked a better home base for our first trip to vegas. The resort is beautiful, the rooms are clean, modern and comfortable, the grounds and decor are fantastic, and the outdoor pools are a lot of fun. Also a great selection of shopping and restaurants on sight. I loved it and would stay here again.
4	Rooms: large rooms with large bathroom. Our room was a two queen bed room ($209 first night, $169 second night) The room was clean and felt newly renovated. The room was dark, even with all the lights on it felt a bit dim. There are 3 flat screen TVs, mini-bar (very expensive), printer/fax/scanner by the desk. Perfect water pressure in the shower! No extractor fan in the toilet room. There are lights on the stairs (for safety) but when you go to sleep, the lights cannot be turned off and can be very bright.The lobby is beautiful but needs more places to sit (while family members are checking in). There were many tired travelers standing around waiting and had no where to sit.Wifi and internet is expensive, but there are many hot spots in the local area.Tips: request a room close to the elevator unless you like to walk a LOT. Make sure to check online for specials (we were able to get $50 slot credits, 2 for 1 at the gondolas and Madame Tussauds, and $30 restaurant credit at Woo). Each special is different, but don't book without one. Sign up for Club Grazie on-line and you'll get a $15 slot credit. All valet parking is free, so always valet (we always got our car within 10 mins - quicker than the walk to self park). Make sure to fill out the express check out paperwork so you don't have to stand in line (then they email you an itemized receipt!)Next time: I'd go back to staying at the Bellagio - the view of the fountains there is worth the extra $ for the strip view.
2	I recently stayed at the Venetian in one of their suites for a bachellorette(sp) party.  When entering the hotel, I felt like if I was intoxicated enough, I would never make it to bed in this confusing hotel room.  I think just getting to my room, I had to take two or three elevators, cross a bunch of halls, I didn't have an ice bucket, and there weren't any blankets on the bed!  When calling for some down comforters, they said they changed the decor, and I called again and another person said that they will send them right up!  When we received the "blankets", I thought they just ran from the Days Inn down the road to borrow some sheets.  FAIL!As for the decor of the hotel, it was beautiful all over!  I was just so disappointed in the size of our suite. I stayed at the new and improved Planet Hollywood a few months back and they definitely kick the Venetians ass on all levels of service, house keeping and making me happy! Plus, the little couch in the room was absolutely disgusting.  They mine as well just start buying all their furniture from a yard sale.
4	I'm a fan great size, and loved the double level unknown to the front desk we had 10 people in one room and were comfortable large bathroom. If you do not belong in this hotel there is no way to access the rooms so don even try make sure someone always has a room key on them. the only downer is you really need to map out were you room is because you will be lost trying to find your room. Good thing is you don't have riffraff just roaming around bothering you. All in all great hotel.
3	I like the Venetian. I've stayed here three times now, and I really like how large the suites are, and that it's the only hotel on the strip that offers a sofa-sleeper in the suite. (If i'm wrong, please correct me, but I called around and it seemed as though only the Venetian had it). With regards to the Venezia suites in particular: The bathrooms were quite large, with a tub, a shower, and a separate toilet. That was great, because no one showering wants to watch you do your business on the john. The sofa area was spacious, and definitely large enough to accommodate more than 4 people, which they mention in the bookings information. The view of the pool garden was beautiful, even if placement of the pool garden is less than ideal (when it's between four tall buildings, you can bet it doesn't get a lot of sunlight). The water pressure in the showers was perfect, even if I couldn't figure out how to adjust the temperature; it was perfect to begin with, and required very little tweaking on my part. Having Tao in the building was pretty helpful after hours spent dancing in a crowded club.Housekeeping is hit or miss: we had someone really good come in the first day and give us everything we asked for (we tipped quite generously for that), and the second day, we asked for less and tipped less and the person who came in took the tip but didn't give us what we were asking for. Also, our suite was missing a corkscrew and it took about an hour for them to send one up. This delay resulted in us chugging our bottle of wine as we headed down to Tao. Also, the location on the strip means you are on one side, and need to exert extra effort to go to Paris or New York or even the Bellagio. The next time I come to Vegas, I will probably give another hotel a shot. But the Venetian has served me well for my purposes.
4	The Venetian is cool.  I felt like mini Julius Caesar...the lil boat flowing across the hotel is so sick.  Seems like if i was in Italy or something.
4	Beautiful architecture and artwork throughout the hotel. Rooms are large, spacious, and clean. Lots of shops, restaurants, entertainment within hotel. Staff was nice and courteous.We were in the Venezia Tower in the 2 queen beds bella suite. First off, it took us forever to FIND our room because the Venezia Tower was an add on afterthought. You have to take an elevator up a floor from registration, walk down long confusing hallways that look the same, take another elevator to your room, then find your room. This hotel is HUGE and try finding your room when you are drunk and tired at 4am...lol. After a couple of times, we finally had it down. The bathroom had double doors and was very nice with a full tub & shower, vanity, 2 sinks, and separate toilet room.We also got the blue man group tickets special for our stay (awesome show btw!). Definitely worth the price to stay here in the middle of the strip close to everything. Upon checking out, the concierge helped us print our e-tickets for our flight. Overall, great experience!
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 13 of many reviewsFor my extended stay! wootWOOT!I always do enjoy staying in the 650 square feet of greatly appointed indulgence that is the Venetian. And fortunately I was upgraded to the Towers. I love the towers... with the separate elevators and lovely mini pool and spas filled with families that would love to see my ink adorned epidermis *feigning sarcasm. The one draw back is that, if you have a large party it would behoove you to get multiple keys so you can get through the security check points that cover both entrances leading to the rooms. But in our case, dealing with 4 people wasn't that hard to pull off with 2 keys.Other than that, staying here afforded us the luxury of being attached to the newer Palazzo and the ever fun canals. I found that the Palazzo didn't quite have as many people in their half of the floor space and that the canals are just as fun as I remembered them to be... especially when you are drunk. Oh, and another draw back is that if you are going to party like we did, it's all that much harder to really enjoy any of the amenities that come with your room @ their prices. Staying here, as with many things, especially while drunk... are all the same in the dark.Actually given the maze like layout, it's much harder to vacate the premises, especially while hung over. =I
5	One of the European countries I really, and I mean REALLY want to visit is Italy. Since I can't have Italy now, I'll settle for the Venetian. I stayed here on a Memorial Day weekend and trust me, this place is absolutely  gorgeous!!!!!!!!!! The architecture, the art, the decor, everything! We made reservations off of Orbitz and got a good deal for the Luxury Suite. After checking in we went on our way to our room which was ridiculously nice (check out my photos). Large king size bed, little living room space and large bathroom. I loveddd their bathroom robes and the little cosmetic table and mirror. The shoppes are expensive and fun to walk around through. And the pizza place downstairs is a great place to eat in the middle of the night. I also ate at the Grand Lux Cafe, which is a chain off of Cheesecake Factory. I went there for a smoothie once after going to Tao beach which was so refreshing and delicious on that hot weekend. Oh yeah Orbitz! Since we got our hotel off of Orbitz, the Venetian gave us this $50 and $25 Club Grazie cards to gamble with. Yay.. free money! I never really gambled before, so I stuck to the slot machines. What's neat is that you get your own Club Grazie card with your name printed on it. Makes you feel VIP like almost. Just stick the card in the slot machines with the Club Grazie club and you're ready to go. I actually won $40 bucks. Okay I know that isn't' a lot, but that was to me since I never gambled before. Plus I gambled with free money! :) YAY! Also, I got a chance to go on those gondola rides! :) My first time ever. It's kind of pricey about $20-30 bucks. You can go on the outdoor one or indoor one. I went on the indoor one in a group (which is cheaper). I wanted a man gondolier since I heard some of them singing. (They were really good. BTW, all the gondoliers sing to you on their ride.) And I was kind of upset when I got the girl. But when it came for her time to sing, "WOWWWWW!" I felt like I got an opera singer from Italy. She sang beautifully. Very impressive. Oh, before I forget, they also take a picture of you before you ride on the boat. You can have it if you purchase it at the store. Stay here if you want a fabulous room and got the money! It is SOOOOO worth it!
5	We just got back from Vegas and it was the best vacation! We go to Vegas every 2 years or so, we try to stay at different hotels each time. OMG! This resort was beautiful, romantic and completely amazing! This is the only one we plan to go back to. When we first entered the lobby I was overwhelmed by the beautiful architecture. The air was perfumed and didn't smell of smoke (this is big for me as I'm a reformed smoker). The check in took about 10 minutes because everyone and their Grandma was checking in too but well worth the wait. We reserved their standard room (who stays in the room when partying in Vegas?) but don't let that fool you, the room was HUGE! Definitely not a standard Vegas room by any means. Loved the bathroom especially the jacuzzi tub for 2. The king sized bed with the down comforters just screamed lay on me. The couch was velvet and there are 3 TVs. The TV in the bathroom is nice when you're getting ready for a night on the town. Just to let you know, the mini bar has some nice looking things but don't remove them from the fridge. If you take them out you have 7 seconds to put it back or you're automatically charged for the item. We took out a Fuji water and that cost us $6. So just a warning in case you get excited and start pulling stuff out. The employees were uber nice and friendly. I know you're thinking that's their job but they seemed to be genuine. Definitely check out the pool side bar and say hi to Mary. She makes the best drinks. The resort was filled with a good mix of young people (30ish) and not too many young kids like you'd see at NYNY. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and do plan to return in a year or two unless my husband gets the Vegas bug again.
5	Always enjoy the Venetian. Very spacious room and good amenities. Was just there for a conference and enjoyed the stay. Plus, they have the new Palazzo tower and shops which seemed very nice. Bonus - the new Wizard of Oz machine... Seems to pay out very well - particularly the machine just on the edge next to the elevators. Good luck!
5	The hotel of hotels in Vegas and my favorite... the Venetian! Why, well because it's gorgeous and I'm a sucker for a Gondola ride (that's right ladies, I'd give it up for a Gondola ride)!! Speaking of up (well a different kind of up), the one and only complaint I have about the Venetian is that I always leave with a cramp in my neck. The ceilings are unbelievable, filled with paintings, and not to mention all of the detail that goes into the molding. But back to the Gondola ride, a quarter-mile Grand Canal flows through the hotel, past the piazzas and shops. All the mean time the rest of the crowd gets to watch you or ignore you because they are too vested in the 80 international boutiques and name brand outlet stores. Cobblestone pathways filled with street performers to entertain you, and then at the end you find yourself in a large room with painted floor to ceiling walls to give that impression of being in Venice. In here you'll find multiple restaurants and more street performers to make that dinning experience so much more enjoyable. There is nothing like the Venetian unless maybe Venice herself. Speaking of restaurants, the Venetian is filled with the best fine dining you can experience on the strip and equally with the shows (A Bronx Tale, Phantom, Blue Man Group, Jersey Boys, comedy acts like Wayne Brady and David Spade). It is also home of the Madame Tussaud's wax museum. The service is always top notch and the suites are memorable. If I could I would always stay here!
4	mm.. i have to give this place 4 stars for the grandoise aura, cute and well done venice canal, good assortment of restaurants, its good location and the sheer size of the rooms.  until palazzo opened up, venetian had the record for largest standard rooms in the world.im taking off a star because i dont like the confusing navigation of the canal shops and because i dont like the rooms' decor, although its true to the theme.  i just like more neutral colors and cleaner patterns..the grand luxe cafe is cheesecake factory on roidz and i loev their crab cakes, blended drinks and the late hours.  who doesnt love bouchon?  over-all, a solid establishment!
5	WOW! I will definitely stay here again! I enjoyed staying in this hotel very much! Not only was our room so luxurious, it's so close by to everything! Food court downstairs, Denny's, McD's and Chipotles a couple blocks away from the hotel.  Also, it's walking distance to all the clubs like XS, Blush, Jet, Christian Audigier and of course, TAO right downstairs. There were 8 of us that stayed here..sounds cramped but we had enough space for everybody. The chaise lounge chairs, corner couch, and the two beds made us feel comfortable.  I will definitely stay here again!
5	Wowzers!! As soon as the limo dropped us off and the bellhops ran up to us to take our luggage and we were escorted to the VIP line (noooo wait at all), I felt like a damn queen. The suites are gorgeous, with sunken living rooms and plasma tv galore (one in the living room, one in the bedroom, and one in the damn bathroom)! Theee most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The rooms are very clean. We had a beautiful view of Treasure Island across the street and the Mirage, so we got to see TIs outside show from our room, literally laying on the couch watching fireworks. Fabulous darling!The front desk agents are eager to please, and none of it is cheesy or sounds rehearsed! I felt so welcomed every minute with greetings.The casino is always happening and flooded with people. The cocktail waitresses are also very nice and patient while choosing my next alcoholic satisfaction.The hotel has gorgeous decor throughout. The interior designer has impeccable taste when it came to selecting colors, fabrics, and furniture, and this is carried through every inch of the hotel/casino. There is a small "food court" by the casino which has a bakery, sandwich spots, and a pizza joint. Also, there is Grande Luxe Cafe (see my review for this restaurant) which is open 24hrs. The Venetian is home to many restaurants as well.TAO is also located inside the Venetian.I love the Venetian and will stay here over and over. If you are willing to pay the price, I recommend the Venetian. It is close to all the hot clubs, night life, shopping and swanky restaurants. TIP: make sure to sign up for the Club Grazie card, the Venetian and Palazzo players card. The comps are incredible!!!!
1	This place *looks* like a nice hotel, but is full of what we called "shitty little touches" that belie the real story. All facade.Our bathmat had cigarette burns in it. There was candle wax dripped all over our table that no one had cleaned off. The "luxurious" spa menu was wet from the last guests in the room. Lotion in the shower instead of hair conditioner. (Found that out the hard way.)And my personal highlight? Raw sewage burbling up through the marble sink all morning yesterday. Yep. My suite literally smelled like shit and it was too late to do anything about it or move since we were packing up to leave. We just had to deal. Disgusting. And no, the front desk did nothing about it to make me feel better when we told them.
3	A very nice hotel/casino to look at. I haven't stayed here before, although I ate at the Grand Lux cafe last year. Very good food, although pricey. I've also been to the wax museum located on the Venetian grounds. I thought that my honey and I would do the Gondola ride thing when we went to Vegas a few weeks ago, but boo at the 65 dollar price tag for us to ride alone. I think not!
5	Ok, this is one of the hotels that I went "holy crap" when I first walked in.  I was in vegas for a tradeshow and I was able to be in the hotel b/c of it.  I got there the day the tradeshow started so I went to their convention center first.  On the way there I just saw rooms after rooms size of football fields all very nicely decorated.  The actual convention center felt like it was like 15-20 football fields together?  I might be slightly wrong but I just know it's huge.  I know I wasn't able to walk every isle and see every single booth in a single day.  Now the front entrance to lobby/casino....look up when you get there.  The ceiling all had paintings on them and looked breathtaking.  I think I stood there for a little bit the first time I walked in.  Also, go upstairs the casino where the shops are.  I really enjoyed that place, they created somewhat a small breeze in there and have it design with buildings that looks like it's from italy.  They have performers there singing at certain time of the day and there's the artificial river with boat and the guy that sings while you're on it.The room, I was in was a suite and it was one of the nicer suites I been in.  We had two people in the suite but it could've easily fitted few more with the room we got.  I'm not sure how much it cost b/c it was offered to me so I didn't have to pay for it but I'm guessing it would've been pricey.  The service was pretty quick, I pretty much went straight up to the suite without any wait.Probably one of my favorite hotels at vegas so far.one more note:  if you seen the michael jackson special done by ABC a few years, you might remember MJ going to one of the crazy stores.  Well Im not sure if it's still there but last time I was there I went in and that store is insane b/c of what they're selling and the price tag.
4	Classy and exquisite hotel for those who want to splurge.  Although the casino stole my money on Blackjack, I'll give them extra stars for the rooms they have here.  I can't believe the room we stayed in was a suite, 2 extra big queen beds with a living room and sofas.  For $200 a night, I think this is a bargain since we're in this SO-CALL recession.  The gambling here is often crowded, also when TAO opens up at night the place is filled with people.  I wouldn't mind staying here again and a friendly reminder to all, TIP THE VALET FIRST TO GET YOUR CAR ASAP.  Otherwise, you'll be waiting 40 mins on a Sunday afternoon queuing for your car to come out.
5	One of the nicest hotels I have stayed at on the strip. And I have been to Vegas numerous times and stayed in numerous places. The staff is incredibly nice. We had a king size bed and it was one of the most comfiest bed ever in Vegas that I have laid on. The suite was way to big for both of us but we didn't mind at all. =) Two flat screens in the room, what more can you ask for? THEY SHAMPOO THE CARPET LIKE ONCE A DAY! How awesome is that?! Super clean and not nasty feeling.I loved the bathroom! It had a flat screen in there and I think I watched more TV in the bathroom while getting ready then out in the room. The vanity will make a girl feel that much more girly when getting ready. The bathtub is amazing!I definitely would stay here again the next time I come back and I think you should too because suites are dirt cheap! Well, if you think $300 a night is cheap but hey, it's VEGAS!
4	Wonderful hotel, excellent check in and general hotel staff. Waited for ages on the casino floor for drinks though! Things are a little pricey, but if you want to splurge and feel great about staying in Vegas, come here. They also have a lovely pool area with tons of lounge chairs. Go early to get one near the big pool! It fills up fast. The beds in the suites are wonderful.The only weird little things, some minor damage to the room. One of the mirrors was missing a decoration, it had obviously falledn off. And one of the bulbs in the bathroom was burned out. I was surprised. But all in all a wonderful stay.
4	Words that come to mind when I think of my stay at the Venetian:HugeGrandioseOpulentGarishSprawlingComplexConfusingBewilderingFascinatingIntenseExpensiveSuitesPerfumeWalking (lots of)I could connect all of those words together to form some form of verbose review (as I usually do), but I think you can figure it out from there.
5	This is a beautiful hotel! I stayed here with a friend and somehow, they gave us the romantic suite with our tub filled with rose petals, lol, but other than that, I thought the room was gorgeous. Well, we got the suite, not just a regular hotel room, but it was gorgeous nonetheless.I'm a big fan of their club Tao as well, it's beautiful in there and the bouncers are rather generous.
5	Definitely the best hotel in Vegas. I've stayed in many hotels there, and this was was way better than the rest.  The suites are simply gorgeous, starting from the bathroom to the living room.Also, the staff at the hotel was very pleasant to deal with.
5	If heaven had a hotel, it must be something like the Venetian.  This place is never ending awesomeness.  Epic.  Legendary.  Legit.I've stayed at the Venetian about 10 times, and it never fails me.  I know its not the absolute best hotel, but it seems to suit me perfectly.  At some point, I stopped bothering to even leave the Venetian as it has pretty much everything I need: alcohol, food, gambling, partying, entertainment, relaxation.I've had my room upgraded almost every single time I've been here.  Every room is a suite with a pull out sofa bed, so you can comfortably squeeze 6 people in their most basic of rooms.  I've stayed in most of the different types of rooms and their Rialto suites are the best deal in my opinion, but there aren't many of them.  The table limits are generally higher here than the Wynn (about same as Bellagio), but this can be nice cause the tables are usually less crowded.  And for some reason, I tend to always win when I'm here so I can't knock them for that.  If you valet your car and leave it for a couple days without taking it in and out, they'll wash it and vacuum the inside (I don't know how or when they decide to do this, but its happened more than a couple of times).  The service and staff seem to really go out of their way to make sure you have a good time, including getting you on other club's guest lists at the last minute, extra room keys, roll-aways, refrigerators, and upgrades.  I don't think I've ever encountered any pretentiousness from the hotel staff.  They definitely know how to take care of you.I always make sure to grab brunch at Thomas Keller's amazing Bouchon, which is nicely tucked away from the Casino ensuring little to no wait even without a reservation.  I always make sure to hit up Noodle Asia for their Schezuan Beef Noodle Soup and Kimchee -- yeah, the Kimchee is $6.50, which is why I ordered it because that is among the most expensive Kimchee I've ever seen so I better damn try it.  Just so happens it is the best Kimchee I've ever had and I've probably ordered it 12 times since.  I made sure to try Bellagio's Noodle's $7 Kimchee, but it doesn't even come compare with free Kimchee I've had.  If I want to make sure everyone enjoys themselves, we make sure to hit up Tao Nightclub too -- somehow, its managed to be heads and shoulders above all the other clubs for so long now.  Although, it looks like XS is giving it a run right now finally, but I know Tao is practically a guaranteed good time.They have 4 pools in the Venezia tower that each have a slightly varying temperature that used to be open 24 hours, but no longer :(  It closes at 10 or midnight -- no more after partying late night dips.
1	The hotel is of grand scale and the rooms are clean and accomodating. The down side of our stay was with the security of our stay. This is very important considering 4 ladies were staying there at the time. At approximately 2am our room was rummaged through and robbed. We reported the incident to the front desk, who then transferred us to the security department. In waiting for someone to come and take an incident report, a strange man entered the room again. This stranger saw me and left. In a panic we watched him stroll down the hall, and take up a conversation with acquaintances. Security took over 20 minutes to come to our room, discouraged us from making a report, was rude and demeaning, and not prepared with the specifics to file a report. Management would not speak to us personally, and disregarded our claim, saying that it "was out of their hands" since it was passed to security. after the return of our visit, we took the following actions- (1) I called the Director of Security yesterday, and left a message. 7:45 am(2) I decided to wait it out for the 1st business day of the week, and follow up today 8:00 am...We were told to follow up with Risk management. (3) I was then passed me onto, Bill Parker- Director of Claims. I spoke with a woman named, Amanda 8:10 am who then told me that this was not handled in their department, and asked me to call Guest Relations. (4) I then spoke with the coordinator of Guest Relations, Janet 8:12 am. She is now telling me that her department usually deals with "guest satisfaction", but graciously agreed to be my point of contact at the current moment.So in conclusion, I was supposed to hear back from this woman by that Thursday, to give her a chance to gather the information, in which I never did. She did inform me however, that normally her department deals with "situation of quality of room, etc." We did not hear back from the hotel, or ever receive copies of the reports filed. We did not receive a follow up, no comps, not even an apology! Talk about the run around!!! It may not have relevance anymore, but it affected our safety, sanity, and most of all finances!!! This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. I will never stay here again, or any affiliated hotel of this company's again, and advise the same of my loved ones. SAFETY IS PRICELESS!!!
4	Had a suite here while in town to check out the magic/slate and capsule trade shows. The lobby is huge and filled with a fantastic scent they call "seduction", which we learned from the very cheerful woman at the check in counter. Our suite was huge and easily accommodated all 4 of us without a hint of trouble. And the concierge was also speedy with dropping off our bags. It's totally worth spending a little extra money to stay here on your time in Vegas.
4	great hotel to stay at.. we had 5 of us in the realta suite.. perfect for all of us.   tao beach was amazing.. we didnt get into club tao though.the thing that pissed me off about this place is the 100 dollar deposit you need to give them when you check in.i didnt bring my credit card cause its bad news when i do . I was never told about that over the phone. So i was short 100 dollars in cash.    that was the only problem i had with this place....i am gonna for sure take the girlfriend next time
4	I've been visiting Las Vegas for over twenty years, as my grandparents moved there when I was younger.  But, since I have family there, I've only stayed in a hotel in Vegas once before.  When my boyfriend and I decided to pay a visit, I spent a lot of time looking at various places online.  I hate to admit it, but the bigger-than-necessary suites and the "17" LCD HDTV in the bathroom" touted on their website sold me.  I'm glad I booked here.The suite was fairly clean (although it looked like someone had fun with a jelly donut in the tub, as there was some sort of red gelatinous goo on the wall near the tub), the hallways were quiet, and the common areas of the casino and hotel were clean and well-kept.  The hotel (and attached Palazzo resort) is full of nice places to eat (Bouchon, Bouchon Bakery, and Dos Caminos are recommended), shop, etc.  (Hit the wax museum and bring your camera.  I promise you won't be disappointed - it's lots of fun!).The basic luxury suite is 650 square-feet, has three televisions and three telephones, a shower and tub, a two-sink countertop in the bathroom, a vanity area with makeup mirror, there's a sectional sofa, a three-seat dining table, and a desk with fax/copier/printer, and the room has plenty of light as well as remote-controlled shades and curtains.  It's completely over the top, but that's part of the fun of Vegas.  The decor isn't minimalist, but it's not overly ornate and gaudy either.  The bed was large and comfy.  Didn't make it to the pool so I can't speak to that.The staff and service was hit-or-miss.  The woman who checked us in was very nice as was the guy who brought our bags upstairs (we checked them when we got our of the cab in case our room wasn't ready yet) but the woman from whom we picked up our already-purchased Phantom tickets wasn't so friendly.  The operator I called when I realised we had no shampoo was nice, but we didn't get a visit from housekeeping for thirty minutes (and she brought bath gel, not shampoo - finally I just washed my hair with conditioner).  The staff at Bouchon was nice but the people working at Bouchon Bakery were a little surly.The perfumed scent they pump in isn't the best, but you get used to it and it does help minimize the cigarette smell.  I thought the bath products (bitter orange from Agraria, a San Francisco-based company) were nice, though my boyfriend (and many other Yelpers) didn't care for the scent.  The actual casino doesn't seem very large and there are few poker machines.  Walking a bit to the Palazzo, which is connected to the Venetian, is a good bet if you want to gamble for a while - the Palazzo is brighter and newer and has a less confusing layout.Be sure to sign up for the Grazie card - one of the perks is free internet, which is otherwise $10/day.Despite the few issues I had, I would definitely stay here again.
2	This is a casino review only.Not impressed.  Although the casino is beautiful and has a pretty good feel to it, I was continually annoyed with the dealers and cocktail waitresses.  I sat down to a blackjack dealer who looked friendly, then proceeded to pound through hands without a smile or hint of personality.  I switched to a different blackjack table with just about the same result.  I decided to try some caribbean stud and almost walked away before even playing a hand.Maybe a beer would have made the experience better, but cocktail waitresses were very sparse.  Then, once they finally got around to us, they were grouchy too.Their partner casino (The Palazzo) provided a better gaming experience, but worse (barely possible) drink service.I can't say that my experience with dealers at some of the other stuffier casinos has been that much better, but usually a table change at Bellagio when I get a grumpy dealer gets me there.  For upscale mid-strip gambling, try Paris.
5	Love the Venetian!  The suite we got was pretty big and every room had a flat screen tv!  In one hotel room we had 3 tv's!  Of course we didn't even watch television the whole time in Vegas, but you know the hotel didn't spare any expenses for their guests.  Also, the lobby itself is amazing.  You have Tao, all the shopping, gondola rides, great bakeries!  Love it!
4	Beautiful hotel with the best standard rooms on the strip.  We got a great deal and really enjoyed the room.  All rooms are suite-style with a bedroom area and a large dining/entertaining area both with flatscreen TVs.  The bathroom also had a tv, large tub, separate shower and a lovely makeup-mirror and dresser area which I still miss!The hotel is very nice inside, and offers free parking.  With a seemingly endless assortment of restaurants and shops, you could spend a day or two in the complex that spans the Venetian and its sister hotel Palazzo without seeing the outside.  We loved walking through the grand canal shops and watching the gondoliers.  Cute, if a bit gimmicky.  The only thing I really disliked was the fact that you have to walk through the smoky gaming floor to get to your room.  Just walking from one side of the casino to the other was enough to make me smell smoky for the rest of the evening, but I guess that is the standard at all casinos?
5	First five diamond resort i have ever stayed in. Worth every penny and it's the most inexpensive five diamond place on the strip. I went in march. Concierge was amazing, entry level room was huge, and I loved the resort's scent (if you go you'll know what Im talking about). This place set the bar. I'm staying at the bellagio in October and it's going to be tough for it to live up to the Venetian.
5	did not stay here, but did explore inside and even did the gondola ride.
5	10 randomly selected reasons to stay at the Venetian:1. Super comfortable bed2. All the rooms are suites = lots of extra room3. 3 TVs (kind of unnecessary, but when else will you have a TV in every room, including the john?)4. Huge bathroom with:5. 2 sinks AND separate vanity6. Bathtub AND separate shower7. Bouchon Bakery is downstairs for a sweet treat8. Clean!9. Blackout curtains - a must in Vegas10. Very helpful and kind conciergeDefinitely worthy of 5 stars!
5	I love this hotel! My friends and I stayed here this past weekend. I've stayed here a couple of times before and its never been a disappointment. The hotel itself is very beautiful and grand. That's one reason to stay here. Sure it can be kind of a maze because this hotel is huge, but once you get the hang of it, it's a breeze to walk through. The rooms are huge - all suites! We got a room with 2 queen beds which were super comfortable - w/down blankets and pillows. There is also a separate living room area, with couch and tables - both rooms have separate flat screen tv's. The bathroom is huge, double sinks, a separate shower and a tub w/ a flat screen TV and a separate room for the toilet! Curtains are automatic close and open and can be controlled with a remote! Sure its not as modern as some of the newer hotels, but its def. on the nice side. Great shops and restaurants in this hotel too. Great pool area too - the staff comes around offering ice cold towels and orange wedges as you are laying out there. Only complaint I had was that one of our garbage cans was emptied when we first checked in! The hotel staff did take it out so it was fine. I love this hotel!
3	The smell they pump into the air in this hotel makes me insane.  I'm usually here for a week when I come and it's like a weeklong headache.  Please, please, please Venetian - turn it down, just a little.  I can smell it before I even enter the building.The suites are lovely.The room service food is meh.  Why would you be eating in your room anyway though, right?Service is good.I'd give it four stars but I just CANNOT stand that smell.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas hands down.  The amenities and rooms are second to none.  I love how every room is a suite, plenty of space.  The drawback is the price, but if you get on their mailing list, they will send really great deals.
5	Except for the Wynn, I've stayed at just about all of the hotels on the Strip over the years.  The Venetian had by far, the most impressive hotel room/suite I've ever stayed in.  I'm talking about the standard-sized rooms since I'm not a high-roller with the penthouse suite perks.The room at the Venetian was huge, about 900 square feet, with a separate, sunken living room.  The bathroom was fairly large with a jacuzzi tub.  The decor was pretty nice and included two flat-screen TVs.  Outside the window was a view of one of the swimming pools which was a bonus.If you needed to, you could seriously squeeze 20 people in this room to sleep.  It would be noisy and a bit uncomfortable, but you could do it.
5	This is hands down one of the best hotels i've ever stayed at in Las Vegas.  All the rooms are suites and they have the biggest suites in town.  I love that they have flat screen tv's in the bed area, living room, and yes... in the bathroom.  Our suite was just plain beautiful, very clean and the bed was cozy.  There was a jacuzzi tub in the bathroom.  I am looking forward to my next day at the Venetian.There is one minor complaint... they use this nasty frangrance in the area from the garage into the hotel.  WTF is that stuff?  It's pretty potent, I can't believe management hasn't done anything about that.  It's odorific!  gives me a horrible headache.
5	This is by far, the best and nicest hotel that I have ever stayed at in Vegas. I guess all the rooms are suites with a large living room area. The bathroom is amazing with a tub and a shower stall. I guess for the most part, the tub is used for filing ice and alcohol. The room has two flat panel screens and even an ironing board so you can look sharp for a night out on the town. For some reason, I am also obsessed with their body wash/shampoo/conditioner. It's very orange-scented and quite refreshing. Anyways, other than that, the room is very spacious and comfortable. The floor plan is very open and made to house additional guests if needed. The hotel is also very professional with a security guard posted at the entrance to the tower to allow only guests with key cards. The Venetian has spoiled me and every subsequent visit to Vegas should be in a hotel as nice as this one. The Venetian has become the gold standard for hotel stays in Vegas.
3	We stayed in the Venezia suites, which is their lowest class of room. Even so, it is an all- suite hotel, so our low-end room still had a separate living area and sleeping area. Each had it's own HD TV. The bathroom was extremely nice. The front desk staff - in fact all of the staff - were very pleasant. They all were very accommodating.On the negative side, it was a very long walk to the room. We timed it at 5 full minutes including two separate elevator rides to get from the front desk/valet area to get to the room. Also, we like to sleep with white noise in the background, but the air conditioning was too quiet for us. The hotel was unable to hook us up with a fan or dehumidifier for noise (they said one was on it's way, we waiting 1.5 hours (calling every half hour, and then they told us they were out), so we had to buy a fan the next day. We only stayed here because they offered us a few nights for free. We would never pay full price. The hotel itself is visually stunning, but with the amount of walking required to get anywhere on the property, we found it very inconvenient.
5	I don't think I have one bad thing to say about this hotel. I have stayed here twice now and each time the stay is better. The rooms: All suites!!! How can you go wrong with that? Huge bathrooms with a separate tub and shower. The toilet is in its own room. Which came in handy on the last stay with 8 guys sharing a room. The beds? Ridiculously comfortable. Almost make you want to stay in bed all day. Almost. Nice living room area with large couch. 2 TVs, ample closet space, and a safe.  Garbage cans are good for getting ice for cooling down 1.5 liter bottles of vodka from Costco.The hallways: Convenient pineapple slice shaped couches in the middle of the wings of the floor. Good for resting or passing out from a long night of imbibing in the last legal drug. The stairwells: Good for some exercise should the thought of doing that pop in your head. Try 18 floors down, then up. You'll be good for the rest of the day. The pool: I think they have a party pool now which is attached to Tao, but not sure. The regular pool is the shit though. There are a ton of chairs and even some pedestal beds. We commandeered one of these on our last trip and everyone else at the pool was jealous of the women we attracted to it. We were there in early spring so there were no servers for drinks, so we had to get up to get a drink. Travesty! The gaming: Too rich for my blood. Ok, so maybe some cons. - What can seem like the Bataan Death March back to your room. Depending on where you are situated, be ready for the long haul. - Grand Lux. Avoid it if you can. - The sandwich place at the food court. Horrible. Try the pizza joint or Noodles Asia down the way.
4	I absolutely loved this hotel. We had a room up on the 23rd floor but the view sucked and I still love this hotel. One of our sinks was clogged the day we got there but I still love this hotel. The sound on the TV in our bedroom was horrible but I still love this hotel. The peephole on the door was missing so people could totally look into our room but I still love this hotel. Even after all that, I really do still love the hotel. It was 8 guys in the room the beds were awesome, the bathroom was awesome, the living area was awesome. I would definitely stay here again! Especially since I'm a Club Grazie member now.
5	The first time I stayed here was with my wife. I usually stay at the Palazzo side of the Venetian, but the rooms in the Venetian are just as nice as the Palazzo. I guess the Palazzo has a slightly fresher feel to it since it is newer. You get the same awesome strip view. We were on the 36th floor which was incredible. You really get your money's worth staying at the Venetian. The food there is awesome. There's fine dining and also places that will not break the bank. The shops are fun to walk through. What else can I say? I've stayed here a bunch and still having touched everything yet. Definately check out Tao nightclub if that is your sort of thing, and Tao beach is very chill. I consider the price moderate for what you get. It's one of the more expensive places on the strip, but you are getting your moneys worth for sure.
1	this is the worst and I mean WORST hotel we have ever stayed! We had 2 rooms booked check in at 10:30 pm and our rooms were not ready.... serious? Than they finally get us into our rooms and there is a party in the room across from ours, called security, they did nothing, the bathroom was dirty and at 3:30 am we had a drunk girl banging on our door, she had the wrong room! Seriously, my five year old says " the Ventian is dirty and nasty" we moved right over to the Palazzo that morning! thank god!
5	It's true, you get what you pay for. Here you pay a lot (unless you are comped) and you get a lot. I think every room is a suite, 3 TVs, mini bar, comfortable space, clean, very friendly staff. If I have any criticism it would be the pool- (I now know they have 3) but the one I went to did not receive sun.
4	Two things comes to mind when I think of this hotel:1) Italy backpacking tour2) Pac ManLoved the space and rooms, but to all the Ladies out there who like to wear heels, get ready to hitch hike in this Ginormous hotel.I guarantee you will walk till you cripple.*I know this is a Venetian themed hotel but I would have preferred doing it without the " Let's backpack through italy and walk a gazillion miles to get from my room to the food court" experience.In addition to that ,I stayed in the Venezia tower and I had to go around in a million circles, escalators and tunnels before I  can get from the conference center to  my room everyday. I feel i'm playing PAC MAN on level 100 while struggling to get  through this f*king maze.It's not all bitchin' though since I gave them 4 stars, to redeem themselves, they do have a kickass pool to get your swim on and a jacuzzi so i can dip my sore feet in. rooms are super spacious, can easily fit 4 people.* not geriatric friendly.
3	The place seemed rather pretentious and it seems that they don't treat people that isn't "SOMEBODY" really well.  My bf was winning at roulette and the dealer guy was hella talking shit to him, being rude, refused to give him change and was just overall being an ass.  When we complained to the pit boss about this there was no apology, did not look like any action was taken, he barely uttered an "I'm sorry" and pretty much told us to go f*ck ourselves politely.  Didn't offer to comp us or anything.  I think it's just because we looked young and we weren't high rollers.   I expected much better service and friendlier service from a place like this.  The hotel it self is really nice.  This is why it got stars.  I got the rialto suite, everything is clean and the ac was blowing hard.  The bathroom and decor was beautiful, the food at the cafe was pretty good.  I ended up eating caesar salad with chicken for 2 of my meals because the croutons and the chicken was extremely delicious.  It was a bit pricey ($12) but I thought it was worth it for how yummy it was.  I don't think I'd stay here again tho, the people are just not up to par for a place like this and since you don't make me feel like a rock star, I'm not going to drop money here like I am one  ($1000 just for the room for 2 nights).
4	I've stayed at the Venetian at least 5 times, and overall I've always had a great stay there.  Their rooms are quite large, even at their other tower the Venezia, with the sunken living room and good size bed area.  It has always been clean on our visits, with room service, check-in, and cleaning service prompt and efficient.  Their prices seem reasonable as well when compared to the room you are getting.  Food is okay at the Venetian, but you can always venture out which everyone does for dining options.Overall, good hotel, good service, okay prices.
5	I loooove staying here! First, I appreciate that it always smells good in there, even with all the smoking going on. The rooms are nice, but I really enjoy the bathroom the best. I love having a double sink so that I don't have to fight for it with my bf when we're both trying to get ready. I also like having a living room separate from the bedroom. This is one of my favorite places to stay while in Vegas, even though I'm not in the room most of time!
4	Love this hotel soooo much. The decor is amazing. The restaurants and shopping is to die for. The rooms are very nice and worth the price. Stay here every so often but try to switch it up! After all it is Vegas sooo many hotels to choose from ;-)
5	the girls and i got a suite here for the weekend this summer and it was very luxurious! very pretty, huge bathroom (which is very important for 4 girls), and clean! not gonna lie, got pretty confusing when trying to find your way back to the hotel wasted as hell but good thing they have security checking room keys before you enter the towers because we got lost a few times and ended up at the palazzo, so they were pretty useful escorting us to our room, besides that..loves this hotel!! its a go :)
5	Best hotel in Vegas?  Yes.  Have I been to all the hotels in Vegas?  No.I've been to some and this is AS GOOD AS IT GETS.I want to live here.
1	From the perspective of a perennial conference attendee who dabbles in some gambling but is here because she has to be and is intending on enjoying a pampered mini-vacation:The good: The entry-level room was a hulking 600 + sq. feet. There were nice electronically controlled shades, the recessed living room was kind of cool, and the marble counter-top lighting was pretty.  The bathroom could have used a jetted tub, but it was huge and nicely appointed.  Also, they gave out nice coupons for slot credit if you have their Club Grazie card, and I managed to turn my coupon into a modest profit.EVERYTHING ELSE SUCKED.Their service is the stuff of nightmares.  I booked three nights using Egencia, a division of Expedia that our firm uses to book all our corporate travel.  The Venetian erroneously believed I had booked only two nights.  When I called Egencia and had them fax the Venetian people a receipt clearly stating I had booked and PREPAID for THREE nights, they still didn't get the message.  I talked to at least three departments: the front desk, the reservations manager, and a group reservations department, who all seemed mystified.  If they would talk to each other or check their fax machines once in a while, maybe they wouldn't be so confused.  But after two phone calls at the hotel, one very frustrating conversation at the front desk, and yet one more phone call from home, I'm still waiting for them to do "research."  They promised to call me back, but after their embarrassing show of incompetence the first oh, four or five times that I explained this problem to them, I'm sort of doubtful, and I'm getting ready to just dispute the charge straight through my Chase credit card.  Especially noteworthy:-The front desk agents had AWFUL attitude and were condescending and impatient. They made it seem like MY fault that this problem had occurred, and were insistent that it was MY mistake.  They treated me like I didn't know what I was talking about and was there just to make trouble, even though I have already wasted hours of my life that I will never get back trying to resolve this.- No one there seemed to know what Egencia was. Hello? Egencia is a fairly common place corporate booking service.  I've used them for a while and they are quite on the top of their game.  I am convinced that the problem is on the Venetian's end, not Egencia's end. If the Venetian wants their bread and butter, which is conventioneers, to still appear on their doorsteps every now and then, they better get it together!- My colleague who was also there for a conference also got charged an extra night.   So clearly, they've got some sort of data input problem going on.- What's up with the pervasive Febreeze smell that's overwhelming the air everywhere? I smell it immediately when I enter and am reminded of a public toilet. Not good for the classy image they're trying to sell.- Finally, for the love of God, they need to play something other than sound clips from their Phantom of the Opera show in the elevator.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this musical, having seen it both in New York and in Cleveland, but if I have to hear their mediocre rendition of "Music of the Night" one more time, I'm going to lose it.Bottom line: stay away! There are plenty of other similarly priced and better run options on the strip, and if you want a truly relaxing experience, try something off strip that's non-gaming, like the Trump or the Platinum.  At least there, you won't be run over by all the inebriated  slot machine zombies or be forced to inhale days-old second hand smoke.
3	Just returned from a four-day stay at the Venetian and it was all right.  Not a gambler and not the hugest Vegas fan, but got a good deal, so figured what the hell?  Overall, was reasonably pleased with the room, probably because I got a good deal, but let's talk about what went well and what didn't.First, the bad.  I really don't have the hugest of expectations when it comes to customer service.  I figure they're all getting paid about minimum wage and I'm not a high roller, so they couldn't care less, but every now and then, I'm truly stunned.  So, ordered room service one morning and it was marginal, but what took the cake was that after breakfast, I called to have them remove the dishes.  (Had to since they had set the table in the suite rather than leaving a tray that I could set outside the door)  So, I called and they said they'd send someone right up.  So I wait, and I try to be patient because it's a big hotel.  But I'm waiting and I've got plans, so I'd like to get in the shower and get ready.  After an hour, I call and say what's the deal?  They say they'll send someone right up.  A minute later, they call back and say they couldn't come get the tray because I had the Do Not Disturb sign on my door.  And I say, well, I called for a service.  Clearly I wanted the service.  Could someone not have called me and said something, I'm sitting around waiting and no one's going to show up or tell me why??  To which they respond well, they can't call because there's a Do Not Disturb sign on the door.  Uhm, WTF???  Did you not just call me two seconds ago???  Did you not deliver the breakfast with the sign on the door???  How is that different??  I get that they want to respect the sign, but seriously, the idea that you just don't provide a service I've specifically requested and don't tell me about it and expect me to just magically figure out why, is mind boggling in its absurdity.  The attitude by the room service person was pretty much too bad, your fault, deal with it.  I complained later at the front desk and got an apology that at least sounded somewhat sincere, but that was about it.  I wasn't looking for freebies, but a call from a manager saying that the issue had been addressed with the responsible staff member would have been nice (and would have been what?  customer service??  Hmmm, novel idea.)  But, that's asking too much.  I know.  What on earth was I thinking??Oh, as for room service, it's INSANELY overpriced.  Seriously.  I don't mind splurging for the comfort of eating in my room, but this was outrageous.  ($8 for a bowl of oatmeal?  $7 for a small glass of oj?  Are you kidding???)  By the time you add tax, the $4 service charge, and the mandatory 18% gratuity, you EASILY spend $35-40 for a simple meal for one person!!  Insane for food that was mediocre at best.  Oh, and the glass my juice was in was dirty.  So.  Needless to say, there was no more room service for the rest of my stay.Now, the good.Location was excellent for walking to other attractions.  The room was nice - not *fabulous*, but perfectly fine for what I spent.   Sure, the sofa was a tad worn, and a couple of the pillowcases had some frayed spots, but I'm sure rooms in Vegas get some hard partying usage, so I could live with that.  The room was an excellent size.  There was a big king size bed with plenty of pillows, flat screened tvs in the living area, sleeping area, and the bathroom (!).  Though the tv was behind the bathtub.  What's the point of having a flat screen tv in a bathroom with a huge soaking tub if the tv doesn't fact the tub??  Silly.  But the bathroom was huge and nicely appointed.  It could have used a more thorough cleaning (there was a layer of dust on the tank cover of the toilet), but for the most part, it was ok and the room as a whole, was ok.Other than the room service incident, found the staff generally friendly and helpful.  Yes, it was a loooooong walk to everywhere, but that didn't bother me much.  Just wish I'd brought more comfy shoes.  Did notice the scent everyone complains about.  Actually found it kind of pleasant and not overwhelming.  Now, the excellent.The Canyon Ranch Spa was A-MA-ZING!!  Seriously, absolutely amazing.  I looooove my spas and this was the best I'd ever been to.  And it's much more affordable to go there then an actual Canyon Ranch Spa (which is about $5,000 for one week!).  I will probably return to Venetian JUST to be able to go to this spa again.  I know you don't have to stay there to go, but there's something really nice about only having to hop in the elevator to get to your room after being all blissed out from your massage.  So, Venetian folks, thank Canyon Ranch.  They saved your review and because of them, you will probably get my repeat business.
3	meh. maybe it's my background in interior design and expecting better.. but this place was just "OK". shopping isn't fabulous, not when you've got the Forum Shoppes almost across the street, and the Wynn shops down the street..dining is alright.. rooms are ok.. actually, i want to give this rating lower, because the room wasn't up to par. We got a suite with a living room, 2 queen beds, 2 flat screen wall mounted tvs (plus 1 more in the bathroom), glass shower and separate tub with jets, etc etc. great amentities, great design.. poor execution and quality of standards. a) there was a comb on the floor under the coffee table that was not picked up.. wth.. did the maids even see this? obviously not. gross. b) the room wasn't well dusted. i understand there's a lot to clean, but a lot of the ornate decorations/etc make for a lot of areas for dust to land, and those areas were gross. i did a fingertip test and my finger was sandy brown. blah. c) no slippers with the robes.. they typically provide slippers with your complimentary robe.. but where are they?d) the bed linens were torn, frayed, and falling apart. even if it's good quality thread-count percale sheeting, they shouldn't be presented in that manner. e) the in room breakfast wasn't up to par. no morning flowers or morning papers complimentary anymore? what's the matter? they didn't set it up either. bleh. f) the lampshade over the dining table was dirty, dented/cracked and torn.. but they obviously un-dented it and turned it the other way so you wouldn't see it.. bleh. if it wasn't for the fact that the room was only bout $150ish, i'd say we got ripped off, but i guess for the price, it isn't so bad.. but for the quality of a hotel like this.. i definitely expected better.
1	Wow, was I disappointed by this place. It was both my first time in Vegas and my fifth anniversary, so I wanted it to be special. It was special, but the room had nothing to do with it. To start with, the bed, although it had the greatest comforter, had ripped sheets on it. Housekeeping changed them, still ripped, just in a different place. Every time housekeeping was in the room they left something. A rag one day, a bottle of cleaning solution another one. They didn't clean the bathroom very well either. My hair goes everywhere when I dry it and by the fifth day when we left, there was a lovely collection all over the bathroom. The place seems to operate on an ignore guests policy. The casino wait staff are rude and to be honest, this was the worst experience I've ever had in a hotel. There's not enough space here to list every reason. I swear thought, I'm not the complaining type, and I didn't here. I just let it suck and counted the days until I could leave this hotel.I would never ever even consider for a minute staying here again.
1	I'm definitely giving them 1 stars now because I just found out they charged an extra $8 to my credit card after i've checked out.It was not on my bill at check out, I was not informed about it at a check out and I definitely did not authorize this. I know $8 it's not outrageous, but it's shady that they charge shit to your card without your authorization, without letting you know what it's for, and after you've checked out.  once i find out what it's for, I will update. but WTF!
4	Pros: large suite nicely decorated, super comfy bed and comforter, motorized remote controlled drapes, large bathroom with standing shower and tub, Bouchon restaurant, casino not as smoky as older hotels, one nice moderately helpful bell hop, delicious breakfast sandwich from sandwich shop next to Santa Lucia cafeCons: super huge property, super expensive room service (did not try it because I did not want to pay $70 for breakfast for  two), resort fee ($15 per night), odd smell throughout the hotel, one smart-a** rude bell hop, very bad panini in sandwich shop next to casinoAdditional comment: when choosing a place for us to stay I was considering Wynn but decided against it because it seemed to far from the center of the Strip. Venetian does have a nice central location, but Wynn is not that far. Next time I go I would check out Wynn or Bellagio both of which seemed very nice (although I did not see the rooms).
2	So, I roll into town to enjoy the SEMA show in Vegas.   My admin booked a suite at the Venetian, where I have never stayed before.   It was mid morning, and there were two attendants at the check-in counter, not counting the Japanese only section at the end of the counter.  There were only 4 people, me included standing in line to check in.  I waited for what seemed like hours!!  In reality, it was only about 30 minutes, but come on! this wait took forever, and nobody seemed to be in any kind of hurry at all.  Once I did get to check-in, the attendant was very nice, and processed my transaction very smoothly.  I can't figure out what the long wait was all about.  The other people trying to check- out were really getting ticked off.   One more thing about the Venetian... bring a compass, gps, bread crumbs, or something.   The signage and floor number system is completely worthless!   Everyone I met in the hallways was vainly searching for their rooms!!  Its apparently so bad that they hired people to help with directions, but they were more lost than I was!   Twice I was sent completely around the facility when my room was actually just around the corner.   I don't believe this place is nearly as well run as many less expensive options in Las Vegas, and I don't think I will be coming back.
2	This place is okay, but there a lot better places for the money. The rooms are the highlight (and, really, isn't that why you stay in a hotel). They are big suites with a sunken living room, two flat screen TVs a and a big sitting area.But if you're in Vegas how much time do you spend in your room?The rest of the place, there are some very impressive architectural details to it, but the ambiance is sort of bland. The staff at the front desk was efficient but not very friendly. The waitresses in the bars and casino are attractive, but not particularly efficient which you could overlook if they were friendly at all, but they weren't.I have a huge mad-on about places that charge you for internet access. I think I have gone beyond the notion that internet access should be free, I appreciate it when it is but I no longer expect it. Internet access in the suites was $12.95 a day, which I think is outrageous considering the price of the rooms.Worst of all, the sports book was not showing hockey on TV although they would have gladly taken my action on the games.So, not going back, would not recommend it to others. The place is a low rent Caesar's Palace.
4	I love Vegas, and the Venetian is definitely one of the best places to stay!  Pros about the rooms:  large suites (easily sleeps 6 people or more if needed), three TVs (there's even one in the bath area to watch while you shower!), and you have to love those black-out curtains!  Waking up at 2 pm and not knowing if it's day or night...only in Vegas!Pros about the hotel:  Italian-inspired decor, well-located on the strip, great restaurants (Thomas Keller's and also check out Grand Lux Cafe for a late night treat), relaxing pool/bar, and nice shops.The Venetian is huge and like all Vegas hotels, laid out like a maze so for all you directionally challenged people like I am, beware!   I also like to stay at the Venetian because of Tao nightclub and the convenience of getting ready in the hotel and walking downstairs to go out dancing.  If you're interested, it's also easy to walk to XS through the Palazzo (while only going outside for a bit) which is important when it's freezing outside and you still want to look cute :)
4	The Venetian's standard luxury rooms kick ass compared to some of the other hotels on the strip. We opted to stay in one of their king sized bed luxury room with a view of the strip. The room is large (650sf) and spaced out nicely with a sunken living room that boast an L shaped sofa, large work desk, dining table, 32 lcd tv, coffee table and ottoman. The king sized bed was the perfect combination of soft and firmness with lots of pillows. The only issue i had with the bed that it wasn't your typical king sized bed. The width was correct but the length of the bed was short and my toes touched the end of the bed and i know im not a tall person. There is also a 32'' lcd tv for the bedroom as well.The bathroom has a separate enclosed shower and roman tub with a double sink and a small lcd tv. The toilet is enclosed in a tiny room which was a bit odd. The shades and curtain completely blackout the sun and can be remotely controlled. I would suggest staying in one of the upper floors if you want to sleep in since they have pool parties and can be heard from our 28th floor room. Checking in was easy and quick. If you plan to valet your car, do it at the entrance valet area and not the back one. We valet our car in the back area and had to walk all the way to the front to check in and walk all the way back to reach the 3 elevators for the tower. The staff was courteous at all times and used our last name when being greeted. Oh, room service was great as well. They delivered our hot breakfast, set up the table with linens, water, utensils, newspaper and a little thank you card.
5	*Hotel Only*Stayed here with 4 of my friends and managed to sleep/live comfortably in 1 room for 2 nights this past June.Love this hotel! I stayed in about a few hotels on the Vegas Strip and this is the best hotel I've ever stayed at...so far!ROOM-The room that we had was just the basic room but definitely not basic to me. It had 2 double beds and a sofa sleeper on the sunken living area. 2 flat screen/LCD TVs, a hallway mirror/skinny table that can be a vanity, desk table with chair and the bathroom is a just amazing!!! BATHROOM- Bathtub, separate shower with jets, the toilet is another room, two sinks, vanity with a chair, lots of eletrical plugs to cater to me & my girlfriends when were getting ready to get our club on! LOLWe were on one of the top floors and our view looking down was the pool...really nice.I like that this hotel has shops, has 2 Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coffee shop, nice restaurants & food court (yummy Nathan's Hotdog), huge casino (where I won the most but not a lot!!) & connected to Palazzo.My Dislikes:Oh yea, TAO nightclub is located here (ugh, i'll review this one too. tip: not too great)The room is sooooooooo far from civilization. I.E. front desk, shops, restaurants...you get the gist of it, I hope. So basically, when you are ready to hit the strip, shops, club...make sure you don't forget anything. It's just an adventure going back to your room.Yea, I'll stay here again. For sure :)
4	4 nights/ 5 days in Vegas, I must say that I am glad that we stayed at the Venetian. We opted for the standard size King suite. In the living area sits a large L shape sofa, a 4 seat dining table & a work area equipped with a fax/copier and plenty of power outlets for your laptop, cell phones & charging needs. The bed was super comfy filled with some comfy pillows. I must agree with another yelper, it's not a standard king or cal king, this king was kinda on the short side. My SO mentioned that his feet was touching the end of the bed. As for my 5'2" frame, it didn't make a difference to me. The bathroom was perfect for the size of the suite. The throne was enclosed with it's own door, separate glass shower/ tub, his and her sink & a vanity area for the Mrs. I loved the fact that the tub had a nice slant to it, it was super relaxing during my bubble bath. The his/hers sink was major plus considering that there was not a mini fridge in the room, we utilize sink #2 as an ice cooler and stocked it with alcohol. :) Minus 1 star for not having a mini fridge to keep our cold drinks & issues with our key scanner/reader & the long hallway to our room.. It took us several tries to unlock our room. One night we actually were locked out, but the facilities tech response time was very reasonable. Overall, our stayed at the Venetian was great. From the first day at the front desk, to the bellhop, to housekeeping to the facilities tech. The room can easily accomodate 4-6 ppl if you are travelling a group. We would definitely stay here again, It was sweet to retreat to a suite rather than a box. :)
4	LETS GO BABY! Sorry - I think I get a little excited when I think about checking in at a Vegas hotel. Where else would you wanna be checking into than the Venetian?!?! This hotel is amazing! Its grand, elegant and just bougey enough. (Yes a little bougey can be a good thing!) I am definitely more into the modern contemporary decor so the Venetian wouldn't normally be my steez BUT it didn't even matter! They spared no expense when designing this place. You can really just walk around and take in how well done everything is especially on such a large scale. I arrived a day later than the rest of the crew so I had a drunk guy trying to bring me up to the room. That was fun navigating the halls. Word of advice - pay attention to where you are going! There are so many twists and turns, you may get lost. The suites in this hotel are crazy! They are all really, really big. We ended up with connecting rooms so it felt even bigger. Each room had 2 comfy queen beds and a surprisingly comfy sofa bed. Coming in at 8am pretty much designates you to sofa bed duty - a task that was fine with me. Each room has 2 LCD TVs, a DOPE shower, a ginormous tub - the only thing the room was missing was a TV in the mirror. The food throughout The Venetian is all top notch but I will review those separately. The casino wasn't as kind to me - but it's not like a casino is really supposed to give you money. Final verdict - STAY HERE! ITS SOOO GOOD MAYNE.
4	Two words - GORGEOUS and ROOMY!!Love, love, love this place!!Makes waking up at 3 pm after a night of having fun here is worth it!!Definitely coming here again.  Suites can easily house as many as 8 people if you really wanted to bring a group that large! =)
4	This really is a nice hotel.  Top-notch service, beautiful, luxurious rooms (or suites, technically), and lots of great amenities.  I really felt comfortable staying here for 4 nights.  BUT... (here comes the reason for the 5-1 star rating)What's with charging the guest $15/night for the wifi and gym access??  Come on now.  It's a widely-accepted standard for hotels (esp. those "nice" ones) to offer free wi-fi and fitness center access.  Oh yeah, I might also add that their unidentifiable perfume/air freshner in the entire premises is nose-numbing and migraine-inducing.  Bleh.
4	Not much more needs to be said about this place - it's an awesome hotel.  I went with the luxury king suite with a view and I was very pleased.  The size of the suites are very impressive for the price - this would easily be 500 a night in NYC; however, Vegas gets you in them for about 200.  I would possibly try the Wynn or the Bellagio next; however, it would be a tough call to move away from this hotel.  I have some very nice memories here :)Minus one star for no free wifi - seems like an easy service to provide.
5	Honestly...who can give this place a bad review?  From the moment you walk in until the moment you walk out of this hotel/casino, it is 5 stars all around.  I wish every room I walked in smelled as good as you and every building I entered was as gorgeous as you.  It was like Venice in real life except actually clean...what a spot!
5	After spending four days in a suite at the Venetian two things became very clear to me.  One -- I need to be a kept man, though this probably has nothing to do with my review.  More importantly -- two -- I need to actually live *in* the Venetian as we were meant to be.  I've also stayed at The Wynn and I would say that I prefer the Venetian out of the two.It was easily one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at.  The entire building oozes elegance and beauty.  The service was first class -- we ordered room service once or twice and they were on the ball.  And the suite was gorgeous, too.  Very clean and immaculately prepared.  Our suite was in the Venezia tower and was extremely nice.  It had a sunken living room, a surprisingly comfortable king size bed (for one that wasn't my own), and two flat screen televisions.  The bathroom was enormous and had double doors, an all glass shower and a large bathtub, two sinks, and a separate toilet room.  And the view from the room was quite a sight, too.Everything else in the building was fantastic.  The shops were great and the street performers were talented and entertaining.  The pool area has a great layout and overlooks the strip.  I definitely got used to grabbing a mimosa and sitting by the pool -- it was a great place to relax, nurse a hang over, and admire the surrounding architecture.Another added bonus to staying here was the location.  It was great being able to walk outside and be right on the strip.  Everything was at our fingertips or within a short walking distance.
4	Our stay at the Venetian for four days and three nights was really memorable, relaxing, and enjoyable. Let's just say the girls left as happy campers! Our suite on the fifth floor consisted of two flat screen televisions, a living room, tub, spacious bathroom, and two beds. Kudos to the big bathroom because if it was small, it wouldve taken the girls half the day to glamour up. The cleaning lady was really nice and sweet. However, since we went during new years, the place was packed and the room service was lacking. Lastly, be prepared to walk a maze to get to your room! Buttt .. It's all good cause it helped us burn off the empty calories and scrumptious food. I'm planning to go back during this summer and take full advantage of the spa, outdoor swimming pool, and casino!
3	I prefer the Palazzo.  Maybe it was just the wing our room was in...but i felt it inconvieient to get to the lobby from the hotel room.  that alone took me about 10 minutes.  But beautiful hotel, nonetheless.
1	Don't ask me if I stayed here, because I'll tell you right now:I have never stayed here, and I will NEVER stay here. Although it looks amazing from the outside, we went inside to go to a bar or a club, and the second we opened the outer doors, the smell hit us like a ton of bricks! It smells so bad in the Venetian, I don't think I'll ever be back to visit, let alone pay my good money to stay here. It literally smells like a staircase that has been pissed on for years, mixed with stale urinal cakes from a dive bar bathroom. Please know that this is NO EXAGGERATION.We about faced and got the hell out of dodge, because there is no way that I can have a great time with friends when it smells like a port-o-san.I'm not sure how there are people who went recently and have not noticed this problem, but it is out of hand.
4	Best hotel to be at for the average Joe. If ur here on a vacation even better. You'll love the large suite rooms and great vides on the casino floor. The swimming area is excellent. Easy access to shops. GreAt cafeteria area. They ran out of humidifiers 3 days in a row and we didn't get one until the fourth day. We requested to have the room cleaned after waking up late from a long night.Where were all the restaurants late at night. We couldn't find a restaurant to eat at late late night. All of these things are not that big of a deal though. I'd still come back to the Venetian over other hotels.We were here for the ces and avn convention and it's the place to be when these events are going on.
4	If you have read my Palazzo review, then you will understand why i'm back in vegas again...YUP! for my comp. rooms!!This time I'm here for my bday..plus i just want to take advantage of the free rooms - hey! i just dont want to make my own bed okay? hahaI know i gave it a 5 last time.. but honestly .. ever since Palazzo i dont find the venetian so great anymore. Their parking isn't so convenient - too many turns; and it's not as direct to the casino / lobby as The Palazzo is. The rooms are the same as the palazzo but you can tell that the rooms arent as new. Not that it was dirty or old / dumpy looking.. but you can see the difference (for example, scratches on the wooden floor steps).Yes i'm still a fan because they are nice suites and for the perks i'm getting from this place, i cannot complain. But i think i'll stick w/ The Palazzo from now on (it's just much more convenient).
5	I've stayed at the Venetian a few times, and there is no other rating besides 5 stars all the way for this place. The spectacular lobby area, the Grand Canal Shops, the Restaurants, and their Suites... Grand, Grand, Grand.
4	My review is about my stay at the Venetian....I was here for a trade show and let me tell you, it is NICE to stay at the hotel that the trade show is at.The room that I stayed at the Venetian are a large suite with a living room for working and relaxing.  A large queen/king sized bed and a large bathroom with a bath jacuzzi that was never used.  Oh yeah....BONUS TIME....three televisions with one in the bathroom.  Imagine watching NFL Sunday or ESPN News while taking a shower, it makes you want to get one at home...hehehe!Granted this was a business trip and I probably would not want to pay $200+ a night on the strip during a convention weekend, but if $$$$$ was no object, I would definitely stay here more.Also...internet access is not free and I am a big believer in free internet access to the guests staying in your hotel.  Oh well....one Yelp Star deduction....no big deal this time!Also knowing that if you walk outside the Venetian, you are in the middle of the strip and all that is happening.  It is kinda cool if you want to sight see the strip at night.  I am a fan of the Venetian!
2	This review is mainly based on the service we experienced at the Venetian. When we first entered the room, I was impressed by the size of the suite. However, once I stepped into the living room, I noticed that the carpet was dirty and the room was messy, with little bits of trash and a bottle cap on the floor. A bit disappointed with the cleanliness of the room, I decided to unpack. To my shock and disgust, I found DIRTY laundry and UNDERWEAR in the drawers. Not mine. Not my boyfriends. Definitely old from the smell of it. We were eventually upgraded to a better suite and, after much complaint, given $40 in hotel credit. FYI the walls are very thin in the suites, especially in the bathroom. Our third day stay was no better. We order room service in the morning and they came with the wrong order. We called to have them correct it and my bf accidentally hit his head on the table lamp. Dust fell ALL OVER our food. We had to call them to make another plate for us. They took over ONE HOUR and when they finally came, they came with the WRONG order. AGAIN!! We were so fed up we cancelled the order after they took the food back for the THIRD time. The supervisor was VERY unhelpful. We were promised that we would be credited back our money but when our statement came, they charged us for it!!Overall, not a good experience at the Venetian. Next time, I plan on staying at the Bellagio.
4	The hotel is great, the rooms are fantastic, the casino is excellent, and the location is pretty ideal.  The rates are obviously on the high side, but are pretty manageable every night but Friday.  A few notes:-The poker room is huge and awesome.  Decent selection of games no matter what time it is, and the dealers are great-If you're looking for $10 blackjack, you might be disappointed-The perfume they hit you with at the entrance is really not very obtrusive and not noticeable after you get past the lobby.
2	We recently stayed in a Rialto suite for 3 nights with a total of 5 people. The suite was very similar to a standard suite but it was larger by a couple hundred square feet and included 2 queen beds instead of a king bed. We also had a beautiful view of a wall. We stayed here once before when we got married at the Venetian so we expected a lot. In 2007, everything was very impressive and the staff definitely made our trip feel special. This time, there were problems with customer service. First, when we checked in the employee working the front desk acted like a complete dick for no apparent reason. Our room was not ready and we were asked to give our phone number so the hotel could call us when the room was ready. Well, 3pm came and went. I sent my husband over to the hotel to see if he could pick up the keys. Our room was indeed ready but no one had bothered to call. I had called at about 11am to ask for additional towels and linens for the pull-out bed. First, my phone call got sent to a voicemail box and then dumped. Then, I had to sit on hold for about 15 minutes with the front desk before I could make my request.  Well, at 10pm nothing extra had been brought to our room and we had to call again. Housekeeping had thought they already brought the items to our room but I suspect they just wanted the extra opportunity for us to tip them (?) They did offer us complimentary late checkout as a result of this lapse but I thought that was completely lame. The person who slept on the couch reported that it was more comfortable to sleep on the couch itself and not the pullout part. I was also annoyed that housekeeping took away our extra unused towels from the first day and then gave us back the standard 4 sets of towels every day when they cleaned our room. It is just another hassle to continue to call housekeeping to get extra towels when I thought it was obvious that we needed them in the first place. My husband and I ended up sharing a bath towel the entire time so there were enough to go around. This is not the kind of thing I expect to do in a 5-star hotel but it overrode my desire to call housekeeping and fork over more of my gambling money. Overall, I find that the Venetian looks very much the same as it did 3 years ago but they need a big kick in the ass in the customer service department. The next time I want luxury I am going to try another 5 star property. I just hope I can find one that knows how to deliver real customer service.Also, I think the rialto suite doesn't really work for 5. There is a single bathroom and the toilet is in a separate little room but you have to walk past the main part of the bathroom to get to it. This means if someone is taking a bath or shower the toilet is likely off limits. The clothing closet is also located in the main part of the bathroom so there is a bit of a bottleneck if everyone is trying to get ready to go out or go to bed. This suite would work best for 4 people max. We had complimentary use of the gym and went one morning. The cardio machines all have individual displays where you can watch television or hook up your ipod. I did not use the free weights but my friend said he liked it. The locker rooms are off-limits unless you want to pay a $20 upgrade. I did use the locker room the last time I stayed there and I remember it being pretty posh (hot tub, sauna, cucumber water, etc). Overall, the level of service at the resort has dropped dramatically, but if that doesn't matter to you then I would recommend staying at the Venetian.
5	After staying at the Tropicana (oops) on my first Vegas trip, we decided on The Venetian for Round 2.  This is probably the nicest place I have ever stayed.  The suites are spacious, the bathrooms are phenomonal, and the beds are comfy.  The casino is very large and very nice, with games and entertainment for everyone.  The pool area is pretty cool too - there is the big main pool for "normal" people and then the Tao Beach area for those that want to get wasted and go crazy.  We did the latter because we were on vacation....  I would definitely stay at The Venetian again if it wasn't for wanting to try new places everytime I go.
5	This hotel really makes you feel at home. There was a 3 day weekend where I never stepped foot out of this place.They now have a walgreens attached in between the palazzo and the venetian.
5	UPDATE: The Poker Room at The Venetian is now spreading more games.  More notably, the $8/$16 limit hold 'em is back with a vengeance.  Great game and great action.  The comps are pretty good, too.You made a believer out of me, Venetian.  Let's see if you can keep it up.*** THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE POKER ROOM ONLY ***
5	Wow...this is the BEST hotel I have stayed at in Vegas.  Everything is beautiful....the people, the staff, eating, the pool/spa.  Only negative is that it is someone confusing finding your hotel room...I was on the 10th floor and had to take two different elevators to get to my room.  But it was totally worth it!
5	WARNING! WARNING! Phil Ivey in the house! Of course you would find him in the back room at the "HIGH LIMIT" games. This place is just as great at their baby hotel, Venetian. Equipped with the Madame Tusaud wax musuem and one of the hotest night club in town, this is for sure win!
5	I love the Venetian!  I used to stay at the other end of the strip closer to MGM...but ever since my first stay at the Venetian, its my Las Vegas home!  I love love love the rooms, but only the rooms in the Venetian tower.  I do not like the Venezia tower at all!  It's like a maze inside the Venezia tower.  The Venetian tower is laid out much better and is easy to access your room, especially after having quite a few drinks (hint hint)!  The beds are so comfortable and the remote control for the shades are awesome. Sign up for the Grazie card...that's my number one tip for y'all!  I visit Vegas quite a few times a year and I always have my rooms at Venetian or Palazzo comped.  My last trip was for my birthday weekend and Club Grazie provided my room, slot credit, and gift basket for free. There are 2 places that I always end up eating when I stay at Venetian...Grand Lux and the Noodle House.  Tip for the Grand Lux when eating breakfast, go for the express breakfast buffet. It's worth it since it includes all your drinks.  I made the mistake of eating at Grand Lux for breakfast without the express breakfast and the drinks alone were so expensive (i.e. orange juice and coffee, etc) that it makes it more economical to just get the buffet, which includes made to order omlettes.  The Noodle House is next to the sports book and is good for an informal, fast meal...try to the wonton soup!  It's excellent!I love the casino!  It's more happening than the Palazoo.  I like the blackjack action at this location, which is my favorite game.  The poker machine also doubles up, which is hard to find now in some casinos.
3	We were going to stay here this last weekend but ended up switching over to the Palazzo after our arrival.  I didn't mind so much until we had to walk though our neighbors' group of friends and smoke to get to our room on a non-smoking floor.  We were put in a room at the very far end of the hallway.  Which was fine by me since I figured it would be less noise from all the peeps heading to the elevator.  Wrong.  On our way back after dinner, we got off the elevator.  mmm- smoky?  Walk into our hallway and notice a group of 10 - 15 guys at the end of the hallway.  Yeah- so our rooms are on a non-smoking floor and they're here visiting their friend's room a couple of doors down.   Maybe you could finish smoking downstairs?  Or smoke in your pals room but seriously dudes?  In the hallway?  I had to walk though all of them with my kid.  We get in our room and shut the door but guess what.  The smoke is creepin on in.  Lovely.  Yes- I know we're in Vegas and I expect for people to smoke but maybe not right outside my door.  So as soon as my friend called and said the front desk found us adjoining rooms at the Palazzo, we packed up and moved on over.  Glad the front desk was so awesome!!
4	To me, the Venetian is one of the most consistent hotels in Vegas. Visiting many times throughout my life, the Venetian has yet to disappoint me. The hotel rooms are great. The decor of the rooms create a nice, relaxing atmosphere, which is great when you get back to your room after a fun day. Technology wise, it has kept up with time unlike other hotels that still use T.V.s that take up half the room. I hope the Venetian keeps it up.
5	Hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. We were here on a work event. I am sure is the point of a hotel in Vegas, but we weren't in the rooms very much, just to sleep. Which seems like a bit of a waste...I didn't even get to watch TV while soaking in the big tub.some high/low-lights:-one of the dealers in the lobby ruined me and the other 5 people sitting at the black jack table-the canal floor was a bit strange. I used to think it was beautiful, but we ate dinner up there and things just got weird. -the hotel is so spread out -- our conference was far away from our room which was far away from the lobby which was far away from the closest restroom...all in the same hotel. Gotta love Vegas.
4	Beautiful. Huge.  Really huge you get to work out your legs from walking to the hotel  lobby and back to your room.  My feet ached by the end of the day from walking around in my heels.  But guess what???  After 2 days, my legs felt firmer and stronger! And I didn't have to be on a treadmill! Yay!  !  I love the art in the hallways and on the ceiling.  Our suite has a sunken living room with 2 flat screen tv's.  I like that fact that they valet your car for free even if you are not guest at hotel.  I never get that in California.  They will prioritize your car if you hit the Priority Service button on the telephone in your hotel room.  It is home to Tao and good restaurants which I will write separate reviews on shortly. Yes, I would love to stay at this hotel again if I come back to Vegas.
2	Only two stars based on our large suite with the large bathroom. This hotel left much to be desired. Wish I was closer to all the action. The Venetian was confusing and we constantly got lost going down halls and multiple elevators to our room...annoying! Had vouchers for continental breakfast, and I think Holiday Inn could have done way better. Just pasty, juice, coffee, and some fruit. Can we get some cereal maybe or a bagel...needed more selection and there was barely any place to sit.I did love my dealer at the Blackjack tables, very nice and also didn't deal at lightening speed, which I hate. Nice and average pace, and more concerned with interaction with the gamblers. I wish they had more loungie places to sit in the casino area. There were no places to just sit down and relax. I won't be staying here again...suggestions for when I go back in a few months wanted!
5	Let it be known that my boyfriend and I stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights for free (thanks Kyle!), so I cannot be a judge on the worth of the room monetarily. What I can say is that it's the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. The king bed and all it's down ammenities was amazing. I've always had a hard time sleeping in hotels (because the beds always suck) but  not this one. Softest bed ever. The three televisions all had way more channels than the other hotel I stayed at on the strip, and it had in room movies for a mere $12.99. Not bad for Vegas. The bathroom....oh my god. So beautiful. The separate tub was big enough for me to lounge in. This is no small feat, as I am 6'0". The water pressure in the shower was so good I couldn't put my face in the stream! We got room service one night (my first time ever) and the guy who brought it up acted as if were were royalty. The food was excellent too. Very pricy, but worth it! The concierge desk always referred to us as Mr. or Mrs + last name and were extremely helpful. A few points on some negative reviews: I never got lost at The Venetian. Kind of turned around, but not lost. The Canal Shops are confusing, but the hotel itself isn't so bad. The staff were all nice (except at the Grand Lux Cafe, but that's another review). And some people complained about chips in the furniture? Give me a break. It's a 3,000 room hotel. Imagine the man power needed to correct every divet in the wood or scratch on the base board. It's a hotel, not someones house. If I had actually paid $200+ a night to stay here, I might have felt ripped off too. But if you can this room at a discount price, say under $130/night, it's totally worth it. And the hotel DOES NOT have a perfume stink. Treasure Island sure does though.
5	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas and this one by far is my favorite!For starters, the rooms are HUGE! It is like you are staying in your own mini apartment. The beds are comfy, the remote controlled blinds are very helpful on hungover mornings, and there are 3 tvs (one in front of the bed, one in front of the couch, and one in the restroom!)! Also, there is a printer for your own personal use that you can connect your lap top to, or insert your memory card in and print your documents/pictures. If it wasn't for the fact that you were in Las Vegas, you might probably never leave your room.The casino is also very nice, the restaurants and clubs are great and open late, and if you are flying Southwest  you can pay ten dollars to check in your luggage and have your boarding passes printed for you at the concierge! It's fabulous! Stay there!
4	First time in Vegas, first hotel :) I have to say I was really impressed!! The hotel is beautiful... the lobby is incredible. Beautiful elevators (there are 6 elevators, two halls, so you never have to wait long for one!) I especially loved the fact that the elevators were playing music from Phantom of the Opera (I rode the elevators a few extra times just for the music alone!!) I loved our room. It's like living in your own luxurious mini apartment, sans kitchen (but there's room service available, so who needs a kitchen??) BEAUTIFUL bathroom (I wish I could redecorate my own bathroom at home the same way). The crowd at the Venetian is extremely friendly. Every time I wandered away and came back to check on the bf, he was in the middle of a conversation with another nice person. He even managed to make some new BFFs while I was at the outlet. Same goes for the dealers (Jamie, Shawn, and Annie on the blackjack tables; Miko on the pai gow tables).The casino on the Venetian side is ALWAYS full/busy (the Palazzo side seemed a little empty from time to time). The casino at the Bellagio never looked like it was full, either. Same thing at the Stratosphere. It definitely looks like the Venetian is the center of activity! :)Phantom of the Opera is currently playing at the Venetian. All I have to say is: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. In fact, I'm planning on watching it again. AWESOME cast!!
2	If your into $54USD for breakfast (bacon, eggs, and oatmeal) this is the place for you. Maybe it's because I had just come from the real Venice in Italy when I visited this hotel; I found it totally pretentious and way too pricey. There are reproductions of famous scenes from Venice and the Vatican which are unnecessary and obnoxious. Maybe they are trying to emulate the real Venice because the last time I was there (April 09) I got clipped for 38Euro for two cups of coffee and a piece of cake in the Piazza San Marco. Vegas hotels and casinos make enough money from their gambling operations to discount food and lodging substantially - this is not the case at the Venetian. Greed is the name of the game here. I had a one-room suite with a living room. The room was very spacious and clean and the beds were soft and comfortable. It may take some time, a military co-ordinance map, and GPS to find your room - but once there they are great.I will never stay there again.
3	I have not stayed here, but did purchase a room for a family member staying in town.  To be honest I did go check out the room before the family arrived.  When checking in I was told it was ready but when I got up there, it looked like only half the place had been cleaned.  I called housekeeping, letting them know there was still dirty used towels on the floor, garbage to be taken, and new towels were needed.  Well someone came to bring new towels, he had no cart with him to finish the room.  I asked if he could at least grab the dirties off the floor and he still left a used bath mat and a used wash cloth on the floor.  So much for housekeeping.     Can't say much for the rest of the hotel but it does smell pretty gross.  Anyone who says they can't smell that perfume stench must have something wrong with their sniffer.  Don't bother playing blackjack on the machines, there is no parlay button, and that's not very fun.  I signed up for a players card and was given nothing, while my husband signed up for a card and got 25 bucks in free slot play.  I did enjoy the Grand Lux Cafe and the coffee shop near the garage.  I'm planning a stay at the Palazzo soon to see if they are any better.
4	stayed 2 nights last week in the rialto suite with 2 queen beds, it was a very nice room....pleanty of room to hang out, worth every penny.  the property is beautiful, with the tunnel connection to Palazzo, there is no need to ever leave.  there is also a heated pool and jacuzzi in an outdoor courtyard on the 10th floor of the venezia tower, it's a hidden oasis.lavo, tao, bouchon, delmonico's....we did them all, and they were all 5 star.this place is a cut above for sure, you're not going to see too many people with nascar t-shirts and jean shorts.  what you will see are hot women....everywhere, my neck is sore from being on a swivel.that scent they pump in there wasn't bad.....you do notice it, but it has to be better than stale smoke scent.if you are loooking between the venetian or the palazzo, i would pick venetian....it's cheaper, the suites are bigger (and older, but not really noticable), and it's connected to palazzo anyways, you won't really notice you're in a different hotel.
4	Venetian is an amazing hotel. It's about $200 a night or so, but you can fit 6 people in there easily, making it affordable at $35/person or so. In addition, you get into TAO very quickly and easily with the Venetian card, which is a definite plus since you don't have to pay the $20 clubbing fee.Overall, Venetian is one of my favorite sites. The room is sometimes significantly discounted during the winter season when it's slower (check deal webpages like vegas.com, www.cheapcheapcheap.com, earlyvegas.com etc.). It's a definite 5/5 star rating for appearance + romance. If you want to impress your loved one, go to the Venetian.
5	Hands down, my favorite hotel in Vegas. Its one of the newer hotels on the Vegas strip and is absolutely gorgeous! Perfectly situated in the center of the strip, it is Venice themed, has shops and gonodola rides inside and outside of the hotel. The suites are spacious, nicely decorated with flat screens in the living room and bathroom, and only cost an average of $200 a night. What a deal! After staying at the Venetian for a few years now, I can't go to any other hotel! Parking is a bitch at the Venetian though. You have to go thru at least 3 elevators before you can get to your room. But its well worth it!
3	I had really high hopes for this place it is a very nice hotel and we love to stay there again but hope that I would get better service next time! For paying almost $200 a night it would have been nice to not have had a dirty towel by the bed, not have house keeping try to come in the room at 8am, and to not have had a guy come into my room to change an air filter! Plus the hallway smelled like weed and rotten chinesse food. If those three/four things didn't happen They would have got 5 stars. Next time I got back I'll prolly spend the extra $100 a night for a nicer room. And hope for a better expierance or chack out a different hotel? The Good things about the hotel were that everyone was very nice and helpfull, Very nice large suites, Shops close by, with good food options, and a chance to see  some stars walking around.
4	It's a very beautiful hotel, but not for me... First off, it's extremely confusing to find your way around. I seriously was afraid to venture away from the casino floor in fear of getting lost.The suites are amazing-- three flat screens, one being in the bathroom! The drapes were remote controlled, and the sunken living room area gives you an "at home" feeling. If you are adventurous and like using a compass to find your way back to your room, then the Venetian is for you. Me, the simpler the better!
5	Over the last few years, I've really overlooked the Venetian. The bars weren't as good as other resorts and the table games aren't the cheapest so I never really ventured there very much - which is surprising for the amount of Vegas trips I've taken over the years! I'm officially a fan. We stayed here for two nights in a comped suite. It was either the nicest or second nicest room I've stayed in in Vegas (other is West Wing room at MGM). When you walk in, there are two french doors to the side leading to the bathroom which has a separate restroom (strangely with no lock on the door...), big bathtub, separate shower, double sinks, flat screen TV, and sitting area with a big mirror and vanity mirror. The only real downside here was the toiletries - bitter orange scented? Yes, it smelled as rank as it sounds. Gross. Past the bathroom is a nice fluffy king bed and big flat screen TV. There is a nice big closet with my favorite...comfy robes! Then you walk past the bed and go down a few steps into the living area with a big sectional couch, yet another flat screen TV, DVD player, desk with internet access, and another favorite...remote-powered curtains! Beware - the mini bar is weight sensored, so no funny business. Also, there are a lot of lamps and whatnot in the room, but the lighting isn't very bright - it's nice most of the time, but sometimes you just need to see a lil' better. We had one gigantic issue with the main entrance valet - estimated car in 30 minutes and didn't get it for and hour and ten minutes and they were jerks about it and we were crazy late to our Valentine's dinner reservation. What a bunch of bitches! The valet by the guest rooms was always fast and courteous. All of the staff (besides aforementioned valet guys) were very nice and made it a pleasure to stay there. They also happen to have one of the better poker rooms on the strip. If they keep offering the free stays, I'll keep takin' 'em.
5	I would say one of the best hotels in Vegas. The detail in the design of this hotel is excellent. It's connected to the Palazzo which makes it convenient.  Not too far from Wynn and Encore where the best clubs are at. Tao nightclub is located at the Venetian, pretty nice and big club. It's a club most people want to visit at least once. The pool at the Venetian is fun. They have Tao Beach in the corner that is kind of like a day club at the pool. So many places to shop here so bring some money!We stayed in a regular king bedroom. I don't see a difference in getting a bigger suite since all their rooms are considered suites. You aren't even in the room all day anyways. The room was real comfortable. Great size restroom, with two sinks and a sitting area with a mirror to get ready. Beds were comfy. I had no problem with this place.
4	The Venetian is a nice hotel, albeit an older version of the Palazzo.  The rooms are large and have nice furnishings, but we couldn't help comparing them to the rooms at its sister hotel, the Palazzo (which has newer and more modern carpeting, bedding and other amenities.)  If you have a choice between the two hotels for the same price, I suggest that you choose Palazzo.  One major negative about the Venetian--VALET PARKING.  They took over an hour to retrieve our car.  It was Sunday night and they only had three people working to retrieve cars.  People at the valet desk were screaming and yelling and I heard one gentleman threaten to call the police when they would not let him retrieve his own car.  Another man missed his flight due to the delay.  I have never had any problem with valet parking at Palazzo, but for some reason the Venetian valet was seriously understaffed when we were there.We ate dinner at Morel's in the Palazzo, which was delicious but expensive.  The service was excellent and everyone enjoyed their entrees.   The cheese plate appetizer was fantastic, too!Overally, we enjoyed our stay at the Venetian but we would avoid the valet parking at all costs.
5	By far the best hotel in Vegas.
4	After staying here for a week I feel like I got a great lay for the land. When it comes to the higher end hotels on the Las Vegas Strip this one is at the top of my list. The suites come with a bedroom section that has it's own television and a feeling of privacy from the sunken living room. The living room has a flat screen television along with a nice table to get that "work you promised your boss" you would do while on the road. The couch is a huge sectional and pretty comfortable for your "club randoms" to crash on at night. Great huge bathroom and an overall quality in your suite will leave you sleeping fantastically every night.My female friend was very disappointed that in November the pool was pretty much cast in shadows all day which really seems like a design error. Clearly the pool area was designed by men if they didn't think woman would want to bask in the sun all day. Another bonus is your attached to the Palazzo Hotel which has some great dining/shopping options. It also doubles your indoor gambling space without having to endure the evil Vegas sun. If you are brave enough to walk outside you have a pretty central location on the Strip making it a quick stumble to anywhere you really want to get or a cheap cab. Bring some cash if your going to gamble at the Venetian since you will run into some of the higher staked tables on the Strip as well. Parking structure is always crowded but the amount of security leaves me feeling better about leaving the car inside the deck than most places.The best kept secret at  the Venetian is the Grand Lux Cafe. It is the best valued place to eat on the Strip if you want good food at less than $15 a plate, here is my review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-6#hrid:jzPqiv5JxNLjVhJB7sJCKg
4	It was a blow-out 30th birthday weekend amongst fantastic friends flying in from NYC, Chicago, and San Francisco. We were spread out - staying at the Venetian, the Wynn Encore, and the Aria - giving us insight of how our suite in the Venetian compared to other hotel rooms.The first thing you notice upon pulling up the Venetian is that it has an extravagant curbside and lobby area. You feel all of it's 4 star hotel power as limos, luxury cars, and taxi's hustle and bustle to and fro. I have read about the the "filtered perfumed" air and walking into the lobby understand exactly what everyone has been describing. It doesn't smell bad but is irritating, I would go so far as to say, annoying. No, actually, what was annoying was the Phantom music playing in every single elevator. You could not escape it and it will stay with you until you hear "Birthday Sex" by Jeremih at the clubs and then that will stick with you. Seriously.The hotel itself is grand and ornate - clean, strong lines and tasteful accents. We stayed in the Rialto suite - 2 queen-sized beds and large sunken living room area. The suite was HUGE. We had 4 people staying there but had up to 6 people sleeping there one night (2 others on the pull out couch). Plenty of room. I would say the only negative aspect of the suite was that it was one large open space - it would have been helpful if there was a dividing wall for the living room area so that it was a separate space. You could not have people hanging out in the living room without disturbing those who were sleeping/napping. The bathroom is a dream come true with his/her sinks, vanity area, bathtub with separate shower in view of the small flat-screen television affixed to a corner. Separate toilet closet and giant full length mirror were also present.I liked the fact that the Venetian was attached to the Palazzo - both hotels are tasteful and project opulence. We stayed in a fifth floor suite in the Venetian tower which didn't have much in way of a view, but made for convenient access to the casino and shoppes. No walking seemingly long miles for us (tip: the Venetian vs. Venezia towers - Venezia is further away from the hub).Best kept secret is the Canyon Ranch Cafe on the third floor by the spa/gym. Healthy snacks and fresh juices plus organic meal options. Great to start your day out with a jog on the treadmill then a stop over to Ranch Cafe.All in all, a top notch hotel experience and a truly memorable birthday.
5	The whole place reeks of elegance.Something about this place is different. Not sure what it is but it's almost palpable. The whole place has a very distinct odor. I like it here. It's comfortable. The rooms are nice and big. So far I have not had to pay for a room, special thanks to the casino host for the rooms.The show, Blue Man Group was fun. The restaurants are great. I especially love the Tao, Delmonico Steakhouse and there's nothing like having noodles at 3am at Noodle Asia.Shopping here is not only wonderful but also fun.I have good luck here.
4	I'm getting many msgs from yelpers saying: "AGAIN?" or "you're always in vegas"  *ahem* maggic c. and lisa t. (just to name a couple...) so ...yes i was in vegas again during this past weekend. and for the record, i'm not a gambler addict or an alcoholic.. I JUST WANT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF MY FREE ROOMS at the venetian / palazzo!!!  that's all. This time i stayed at the Venezia tower at the venetian. I don't really like staying at the venezia - i really can't stand the flowery pattern of the bed covers. The couch was dirty...our bed sheet had holes in it. Even though our floor says "non-smoking" i can still smell smoke in the hallway and in the room. As if they just recently changed the floor from smoking to non-smoking.  Although i wasn't very happy w/ the room and deserves a 3 stars.. but i can't complain w/ the service. the front desk people are just too nice and welcoming. they even gave me a strip view room too. So w/ that venetian does deserve a 4 stars. I'll just have to keep in mind not to stay at the venezia tower again. i'll stick to the palazzo.
4	Big hotel.  Like big and beautiful.  Not cheap!
5	Gorgeous and absolutely stunning!  Pretty and posh lobby and decor, HUGE and spacious rooms that can sleep 5 people. Very nice and large pool area.  There are many restaurants and food places within the hotel as well.  The standard rooms are suites with 2 queen size beds and a separate living room area with a pull out sleeper sofa. The bathroom is huge too so it's easy for many people to get ready at once. The main pool is very nice and there are plenty of lounge chairs. The pool bar makes really good mojitos too!  You can easily spend hours here.  It's difficult to get a chair in their "VIP" pool area though...you'll see what I'm talking about when you get there...I also liked the variety of breakfast and food places within the hotel. You can order something quickly ala carte style or go to a sit down place. If you want class and elegance I highly recommend The Venetian!  It's one of the pricier hotels but if you split the cost it's not so bad; it's definitely worth the splurge.  I would stay here again hands down!
4	STAY AT THE VENETIAN FOR A GENUINE VEGAS EXPERIENCEWhen I first glanced at the Venetian I just thought how amazing it was to see the paintings on the wall like Michaelango himself came to the Venetian Hotel and blessed it. It felt like greek roman times with the archangels Michael and Gabriel in front of the hotel looking towards Las Vegas Blvd. The RoomsI would only recommend friends I know to either stay at the Palazzo or the Venetian because of their luxurious suites to be accomodated in and for such a good rate if you book ahead of time. The bed is so comfy and easy to fall asleep on. The couch in the living room is a pull out bed if you try and cram more than XX amount of people in a room. 3 Flat Screen TVs one in front of the bed; one in front of the tv, one in the living room, and one in the bathroom while you taking a soothing bath. For you ladies that wanna get dolled up and what not they have a little section with a vanity mirror so you can take hours on yourself. The Swimming PoolThis is the hottest item during the summer time and jaccuzi is very soothing and relaxing. Many people take advantage of the massage treatment its a good 50minutes of your life :) The FoodThey also provide a very convienent food court on the 2nd and 1st floor if you're lazy to go out and get other food. Grand Lux Cafe is actually a good place to eat at. Casino-I'm not a big gambler but they got it all, hey you never know you could get lucky :) NightlifeTAO: Venetian biggest and successful nightclub which is always crackin on the weekends. Since you're a guest ask for a complimentary fast to get in free but fellas might have a hard time getting in unless you go really early like 9pm early if not make sure you have a good guy/girl ratio Valet Tip for thought: DON'T LOST YOUR VALET TICKETThis past weekend my friend lost his valet ticket and his name wasn't the one registered to the vehicle so they had to call security and inspect the items inside the vehicle and make sure it is your vehicle before they release it to you, so embarassing! Nonetheless I highly recommend staying at a Venetian Suite if you have family or friends for a great getaway vacay. Peace Yelp Heads!
4	everyone else's complaints are true...the valet takes forever and this place is a maze fo real! everything is far and the signs were so not helpful either! even the ice machine was freakin far away. i had to walk to the complete opposite side of my floor. the venetian rooms remind me of my hotel room in the real venice. of course this is nicer, but not so nice that i would pay more than 200bucks a nite for the suite. the room jsut looks a lil beat up and old. am not really that impressed except that there were some nice looking guys staying there :) extra star!
5	Let me start by describing the room: As you enter your door you are greeted by a 10 footish hallway that leads to your bedroom and living room. Within that hallway is a gigantic mirror and right across from that is your bathroom. Since that's what you see first let me tell you about the bathroom: Right when you enter there's a vanity mirror for all you ladies. There are his and her sinks with a mirror that stretches all across from left to right. Beside the vanity is the door to the poo poo station which also has a phone just in case you need to talk to someone or have another form of emergency in there. Across from that door is the bathtub, which can fit two people and a full view of the shower which is right beside that. The shower is very roomy but unfortunately doesn't have much place to put your bathing amenities. So what!!! How often do you get to enjoy a bathroom like that?! At the foot of the bed is a weird mini psychiatrist couch which I would say does accentuate the room perfectly. A few feet from that is the cabinet where you can put some of your clothes or whatever you really need to be stored and above that is the awesome flat screen television. One side of the bed is a nightstand that has an alarm clock and on the other side a phone. There's also a closet that has lights that automatically turn on and off once the doors are opened or closed. As you go deeper into the room you have your living are which is actually divided from the bedroom area by a barricade and two steps which has a convenient floor light so you won't trip on your way back and forth when it's dark. Once you step foot on the lowest step there is a gigantic L couch to lounge on. In front of that, a gigantic square coffee table and underneath that a slide out... foot thingy... sorry I have no idea what it's called but hey, it is my first time experiencing such a high class accommodation. Anyway in front of the couch is another flat screen television that is housed in a gigantic cabinet which also has a DVD player and fridge for your cooling needs and also carries the in house water and alcohol which would naturally be pricey... $5 dollars just for a regular bottle of water... probably Kirkland too but hey what do I know... To the side of the TV is a mini dining area with a round table, 3 chairs and a nicely, already dimmed lamp directly above. Then to the side of that is a desk for you business types. It comes complete with a phone and a printer and you can use the Internet. That's pretty much just the room. I could say more but that alone was probably already too much. Parking is good, you're never too far from the entrance to The Canal Shoppes which is beyond beautiful and high end. It's also amazing because there is a canal with a gondola that goes through the middle of all the shops.Unfortunately since my pockets aren't that deep, I wasn't able to shop at the actual shops except for The Coffee Bean, and New York Pretzel. Once I have the money you'll be able to catch me with more than just snacks ;) The casino is amazing, at check in I was given $25 in slot credit and I won $55 back so I made a $30 profit haha. They have their Grazie card which is their players card and you can build up point for rewards like a free stay or little gifts. There's also 5 star dining everywhere you go. They only have one restaurant with a 4 star rating. SO IF YOU SERIOUSLY WANT THE GREATEST VEGAS EXPERIENCE AND YOU HAVE A COUPLE OF EXTRA HUNDRED DOLLARS LYING AROUND, THEN DON'T HESITATE TO STAY AT THE VENETIAN!!!
5	I have been fortune to spend around 20 weekends at the Venetian including the first weekend they opened. It has always been and still is a class hotel. It has worn well and looks as good it did that first weekend. The rooms are all suites and some are bigger then others but even in the smallest suite is larger then most hotels junior suite. You know this hotel got it's act together when there version of a coffee shop is the Grand Lux Cafe , which is a off shoot of The Cheesecake Factory. They have great restaurants and shows. The poker room is one of the best. See you soon old friend.
5	I just got back from a comped 4 night stay at the Venetian, and I have to say that it was just about as awesome as anything you could possibly cook up.  The rooms are immense, the gaming floor is huge, the dealers are phenomenal, the pit bosses are a riot.  Drinks are constant and strong.  I had absolutely no problems with check in (it was under 5 minutes), valet (under 10), room service, housekeeping (other than the fact that they came at 8:30 daily.  Really?  8:30 at a casino?) or any of the staff.  The place is HUGE, as has been repeated over and over, so be completely prepared to do a lot of walking (and I can't stress this enough. The rooms are FAR from the action).  The restaurants, particularly Bouchon, were probably the best I've ever tried.  The minimum table bet, for blackjack at least, is 10 dollars, but I never managed to get near a 10 dollar table.  The smell everyone is all up in arms about is nothing at all, and it leads me to believe that no one is used to the way casinos normally smell.  If I have any complaints about the place is that a surprising amount of people brought their kids along, and if I've said it once, I've said it a billion times, CASINOS ARE NOT FOR CHILDREN, even if there is a disney-esque quality to the gondola/shopping/wandering accordian players.   The other downside is that there's no bar you can just sit and hang out at without DJs and scantily clad women wanting to sell you bottle service.
2	I had very high expectations for the Venetian and I'm sad to say it did not live up to them. I've been to Vegas 6 times and this was my first stay at the Venetian. I've stayed at The Hilton, The Bellagio, The Tropicana, The Luxor, and New York, New York. Aside from The Luxor, the Venetian has been my most disappointing stay. Granted, the disappointment probably came from my expecting more of a luxury experience. It was no different than staying at New York, New York and given the price different, I think it should have been. When we arrived at around 11AM on a Wednesday the check-in line was insane (we noticed later that there was ALWAYS a line). We ended up waiting about 45 minutes before getting our room key. Once we did get our room key, the walk from the front desk to our room in the Venzia tower was a good 15-20 minute CONFUSING walk. Nobody even offered to carry our bags up to our room, not that I often accept the offer, but with that walk, I probably would have. Now, I will say, our room was pretty big and would accommodate 4 people nicely. It is pretty much how it appears in the on-line pictures. I also loved how big the bathroom was. As I understand it, all of the Venetian rooms are suites, which is nice. But, once we looked around our room a little, we discovered leftover food in the minibar and dirty pillow cases. We called the front desk on THREE different occasions, over the course of two days, before they actually removed the food from the minibar. For the star rating the Venetian gets, I expected more. I did not feel very special, as a guest at the Venetian. I feel that way at most Vegas hotels, but really, I though the Venetian ranked higher than the average Vegas hotel. I was wrong. Anyway, the decor is old and run down. If you walk next door to the Palazzo, you can see a marked difference. If I had it to do again, I might opt to stay there instead. Definitely newer and more nicely kept. We did walk through to the spa/pool area in the Palazzo, which Venetian guests can use, and it was very impressive. Anyway, aside from a few restaurants I've eaten in and enjoyed at The Venetian, it definitely didn't impress me. I would not stay there again. If you get a really, and I mean really good deal, then it MIGHT be ok to stay at the Venetian, but for their normal rates...no way. I almost forgot the distinct odor of the place. I'm not sure what they pump into the hotel but the smell is pretty gross. Everyone we were with noticed and mentioned it. Again, the Pallazo didn't have the same smell and was more bearable.
5	I had a blast!The Venetian was lovely. The service was good, the place was clean, our suite was perfect and it took us two days to even care about going outside--there is that much to do here.Loved all the dealers I played with. I'd do name shout-outs but I don't know if that sort of thing is kosher. Drinks came around at a good pace and if they didn't, dealers or floor supervisors would call for them. Everybody in the place seemed to be having a great time and the food was good everywhere we ate.Buchon, which I will review separately, is not to be missed!Only thing I missed at Venetian was a convenient, casino-level chill bar--think Parasol Up at the Wynn or Eyecandy Sound Lounge at Mandalay Bay.Kudos, Venetian! And thank you for a great week.
4	95% of the time I'm in Vegas, I'm staying at the Venetian. The rooms are spacious, there's great nightlife and great restaurants. There are trips where I managed to never step foot outside the Venetian/Palazzo the entire weekend. Back when I was an undergrad, when I was able to party hearty until 6am, my friends and I were able to pack up to 10 people per room. I don't know how we did it either, but the Venetian Rialto suites are huge! Fast-forward 5 years, we try to keep it grown and sexy by putting 5 people per room in 2 conjoining rooms. The only thing about the Venetian is that it's like going through a maze trying to find your room sometimes, especially if you're put in the Venezia tower where you have go up an elevator on the side, turn left, right, left, left, make a U-turn and walk 3 miles before you get to your room. Imagine a drunk 21 year old me at 5 in the morning trying to find the way back to my room in the Venezia tower... stumbling up to a security guard and asked him "Where is room 211?" To my dismay, he said that room number does not exist. Yeah, it wasn't fun. o_0 Miraculously, I was able to somehow find my way back to my room (the night was a blur), but lesson learned: I now take a picture of the room number with my cell phone before going out.
5	A couple of friends who I hadn't seen in a while were taking an impromptu trip to Vegas and I decided to go meet them. One of them had managed to finagle a suite at the Venetian so I could stay there but the catch was that I would have to share the room with 7 other people.  I've come to that point in my life where I've decided that I am too old and make enough money where if I'm staying at a hotel, I don't have to share a bed or for that matter sleep on the floor. The exception to this rule is Vegas. I personally can't justify spending a pretty penny on a room in Vegas when I'm only in it for a couple hours a day. I would rather spend that coin on gambling or eating at a nice restaurant. That being said, sharing a room with 7 other people is overkill. It is reminiscent to being 12 years old at summer camp. Yet surprisingly I didn't find that to be the case. I can rehash the hundreds of other reviews about how nice the room is but the biggest draw is the spaciousness. We had two people each in the beds, two on an inflatable mattress, and two on the couches, and it didn't feel claustrophobic at all. It still felt quite spacious actually.  The only real drawback is that after riding in the elevators, you will have memorized the entire soundtrack of Jersey Boys and Phantom of the Opera. How one place managed to have the best musical and the worst musical in house at the same time still boggles my mind? If you are wondering which one is which just note that one of the musicals is about a deformed man who lives at an opera house and falls in love with a girl who doesn't find taking vocal lessons through a ventilation system from a faceless specter at all odd.  The best thing I love about the Venetian is the location. It's in the middle of everything. It's close to all the best shopping on the Strip (Fashion Show, Forum Shops, etc.) and to all the nicest hotels, restaurants, and clubs.
3	Same setup as the rooms at the Palazzo, yet seems a bit smaller.  Also has a sunken living room and a couple of flat screens. The Palazzo is my first choice for the money.
1	The Venetian is already beginning to show its age. The room decor is stuffy and old looking, the furniture is scuffed up and scratched and few rooms have good views, instead just seeming to look out on the casino's roof. The casino itself is maddeningly confusing and impossible to navigate, more so than a normal Vegas Casino. The staff is snooty and often makes promises they can't deliver on. Be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes for anything. The food in the casino area is overpriced and greasy.  For the price, you could choose any number of much better suites in other hotels.
4	Review: rooms= good. That's it. Never buy beer at a bar, $7-$8 plus tip?Head to a store in the hotel; literally half price $3-$4 minus no tipOnly individual beers sold no 12 or 24 packs; for best value stock up before.You're going to lug it to your room if you buy it at the store anyways.Don't be surprised to be paying $10 a pack for cigarettes, just bend over as soon as you check in. Don't waste time buying outside the hotel on the strip, your still paying strip prices.($$$)Sit down at a machine and play a dollar or two, pretend to play I don't care. Cocktail waitresses will eventually come around and take your order. Just tip her and you're good. No need to purchase a $14 mojito at the bar.Sign up for a players card, it's free and besides stores owned by the property offer a discount for having one.Sign up for suite charges, depends on the hotel but you can get points for charging to your room. It's going to the same card anyways? Why not.Not only should you stock up on essentials like water and food before, but on CASH as well.There are no banks on the strip, so take out whatever you think you need.Because ATM's inside charge a high service fee, plus whatever fee your bank might charge.You're going to need all your change. Keep all your singles, you gotta tip everyone here; doorman, valet, baggage handler, bartender, cocktail waitress, your regular waitress. Having a few extra dollars really helps out. It happens, you pack everything, except your toothbrush.Don't buy inside one of the shops, go to the hospitality desk and/or ask the housekeeper and receive essential toiletries for free.( toothbrush, razor, q-tips, etc)Don't do the tourist thing and ride the monorail. Do ride it if you need to actually go somewhere. But don't ride it for the view. Unless you like parking garages. Don't bring your coins, slot machines in most hotels do not take the kind of money that jingles it only takes the kind that folds. Check in is officially anywhere from 3-5pm. Checkout is 11 am. Ask when you check in if there is a later check out, instead of 11, it could be 2.
3	Yeah, I rated The Venetian as just "ok".  Yes, it's a beautiful hotel with large rooms and all the upgraded amenities just like the other big hotels.  The only reason I don't like The Venetian is because it's a total maze trying to figure out how to get from the valet/parking structure to your room.  I was drunk but not that drunk but I swear I went down a hall, took an elevator 3 floors up, went down a hall, took another elevator 4 floors down, went down another hall, and took another elevator up to my floor.  I couldn't figure out how to get to my room sober, forget it if your drunk.  Thank God I was with some friends.  It took 3 Asians to figure out how to get from the valet up to our room every time we went out.
5	My stay at the Venetian didn't disappoint...very nice hotel.  One of the biggest benefits is that every room is a "suite."  As it is one of the newer hotels on the strip, it seemed a lot cleaner than several of the other options.  There are several very good restaurants there...Delmonico and Postrio being 2 of my favorites.  I did have 2 minor complaints...the pool seemed very basic for "the most expensive hotel every built," but I was later told by a friend that we should have gone to Tao Beach.  The second complaint is a little whiney I guess, but The Venetian seems like it's one of the hardest places on the strip to get in and out of...almost like a maze sometimes.  I'm looking forward to being able to update my review in a few months.  I recently booked a pretty expensive suite at The Venetian for a friend's Bachelor party and am definitely curious to see how it turns out.  I have heard Tao is great, but haven't been there yet...looking forward to that too!
3	The gondola ride is so cheesy, even for Vegas standards.  It's only around 25-30 yards.
5	One of my favorite hotels ever. The rooms are so spacious, suite properties are always awesome, but the Venetian is comfortable, state of the art, and has such a spacious bathroom. I've stayed in a double queen and a king room. The king bed set is perfect. Just the right amount of pillows, and balance with the lighting. Ohhh I'm such a girl...I can go on...The pictures show it all....We have kids, so we make frequent request with extra towels, cribs etc...they come quick!The only downside is that it takes a good minute to get to your room! Longgg walk....otherwise this is one of my fav hotels in Vegas!
5	Stayed at the Venetian in two connecting suites with my sorority sisters (16 girls total) and definitely had a great time!  Definitely would stay at the Venetian again if I had the $$.LIKE:  Suites are spacious.  Lots of bathroom space to get ready (lots of mirrors!).  Room service.  TAO nightclub is inside the Venetian = short walking distance and no need for a cab.  :D  The pool area is quite nice to just take a nap and kill time.DISLIKE:  It seems like it takes FOREVER to get to the suite.  After going clubbing, being a little tipsy, and dying in heels, it's kind of hard to walk through all of the hallways and take the two elevators to get back to the hotel room.  =/  The overall layout is kind of confusing as well since I did end up in the wrong tower on the first day and had to ask for directions.Despite the walk back/forth from the hotel room... I would definitely would recommend staying at the Venetian.  :)
5	I stay at the Venetian about 95% of the time I'm in Vegas.  I love it here and their suites are incredible.  We had an amazing view of the strip on the 35th floor...amazing views!The staff is always great and courteous.  We watched Phantom of the Opera and it was such a great show, very romantic.I plan on coming back here again and again, without a doubt!
4	We got a pretty good deal on the Belle Suite for me and my friends.The only gripe I had was checking in on Friday.  The line was super long and slow.  Also a side note, I swear we were in the middle of Jersey Shore, because there were a huge amount of Jersey Guidos all over the place in line.After I got up to the counter, it took forever to check in.  Apparently they didn't have our suite ready and she had to get manager approval to get a suite unlocked, which took forever.The suite itself was AWESOME.  Huge bathroom, shower and bath, two sinks.  Two huge queen size beds and a living room with a pull out sofa.  Great view of the pool, 3 TVS! 42 inch plasma in the bedroom, 32 inch plasma in the living room and a 17 inch HD tv in the bathroom.WTH no fridge either?  The only fridge they had was the mini-bar which I was paranoid to touch because it has those weight-electronic sensors that if you take something out you get charged for it.The other annoying thing is how early the maid staff starts working.  After a long night of partying, they are knocking on peoples doors for "house keeping" at like 9AM.  I'm freakin trying to sleep!  WAAAYYY too early.  They even ignore the "please do not disturb" signs.Lol, my roommate was out in the hallway and the maid walked in on someone in the shower.Maid: ...Housekeeping? *opens door*Man inside suite: NO! NO! NO! GO AWAY!maid:....okay I come back later?It was seriously something out of Family guy lol.The check out was super fast.  The hotel/casino itself is really nice, best place I've stayed at in Vegas so far (compared to the MGM, Harrahs and monte carlo that I've been in).I'd def come back again.
5	My second favorite hotel in Vegas. I absolutely love this place. My bf and I had a suite. It was soo cute! It was like a apartment in New York city. The service was also amazing. I needed champagne and rose pedals at midnight and the concierge rushed it right up. So happy! Also the room service food in amazing!! You must order the corn beef hash for breakfast! The best corned beef hash in the country. Hands down. Very clean rooms and and amazing hotel. Thank you Venetian!
4	Our room (suite) was AMAZING.  Bathtub AND shower.  Huge king size bed.  Blackout shades that open and close with the touch of a button.  Three flat screen TVs.  Nice couch.  Desk with fax/workstation.  Great smelling bubble bath/shower gel.  Made us feel like real ballers.Two nice touches would be bottled free water (there wasn't any) and free internet.  i mean, the room was relatively expensive, for Vegas.
2	Tried to book my wedding there but spent literally hours on hold and being transferred to various departments. Eventually stayed there, but booked the wedding elsewhere after no one got back to me. Even when calling as a guest, the phones appeared to be unattended. Nice facility but I have never experienced such a total lack of responsiveness at any other hotel. Hospitality should be the first priority in this industry and the grandness of this particular place is completely wasted on such surprisingly bad service.
4	My friends and I stayed in 2 adjoining Bella Suites during Spring Break and i gotta say...'twas amazing! The view was ehhh (we were on the wrong side =/) and the location suckedddd. It took us forever to get to our room.We had to use 2 different elevators to get to our tower. It was super confusing the first time around, and annoying nonetheless. But whateverrrrr... the suite was still awesome and the hotel (no one can deny) is absolutely gorgeous!The Bella Suite is made up of  2 queen sized beds, and a living room. The couch also doubles as a pull out bed, so there's lots of room for friends or company =) The only thing that bothered me: the bathroom doesn't have locks. I find that to be a little strange?...Especially in a room with 2 beds. And security can get annoying. They make you pull out your key at least 3 times before you actually get to your room. It sucks when you are sharing a room with multiple people (not everyyyone has a key!). It also makes it difficult for friends to visit you.P.S. Check in is a bitch. Try to get there early!It's a good place to stay if you want to hit up TAO. They gave us free passes and we were able to skip the long line. I think it only took us 5 minutes or so to get in :)
5	I must say I've been spoiled to have the honor to stay here most of the time I'm in Vegas! The Venetian delivers every time! From the atmosphere, to the environment, to the clubs, it is top notch! Even the smell of this hotel is so elegant!Basically all the rooms here are suites that are huge and more than enough room for 5-6 people. I guess this explains why it's not cheap. Pretty much go big or go home! Thank god they have a pretty neat reward program for my high rollin' friends that always get our rooms compt! So that explains why we usually stay here.As far as the tables go, I don't like to gamble here because the min. are a bit high for me. $20 bucks min blackjack on the weekends =( I usually walk across the street to Treasure Island to do my amateur gambling.
1	This was the second time I stated there and it was a mistake again. I took my girlfriend for her birthday. we stayed at Red Rock for two night then went to The Venetian, Service was very bad for the 4.5 star hotel. First time I forgot my laptop charger and called them 5 time so see if they can find it but they could not since it took them so long someone had taken it. This time we asked for a quite room and we got a very nosy room, and when we called to change they stated there are full, the maid took our towels and did not put new ones. when i called to get some they stated they will have someone bring some right up and I had to call 3 time since we were sleeping and it was talking 1:30 hrs. When we called to get extended check out I was on hold for 40min and they stated they cant offer it. Getting our car took 45Min. We were checking out on a Wednesday. The SPA was good.next time either The Hotel or Encore.
2	Soooo....I didn't stay at the Venetian, but I did go there twice to hang out and experience Vegas. Both times...I wasn't pleased with the customer service. Sure, the hotel is BEAUTIFUL and there are a plethora of shops and restaurants to go to. And I'm sure the rooms are amazingly decadent...but what my experience comes down to is pure customer service issues. First night in town and we decide to walk our happy hinnies over to see what all the hullabaloo is about this hotel. We sat at the circular bar in the midst of all the gambling. It doesn't smell of cigarettes and the atmosphere is great! People are having a blast, winning $$$ and getting their drink on....we wanna get our drink on as well...too bad that no one single "tender" came to get our drink order. There weren't even that many of us at the bar and still not one of them made eye contact or gave us a nod to let us know that they knew we were there. Litterally 10 minutes went by before my friend had to go wrangle down someone to get us a drink. Seriously!?!?!? And even then it was one drink and they were gone, no check backs, no second round... we left. Second night we ventured in was kinda worse. My friend wanted food so we went to the "food court" and she got some grub. It was late so most of the restaurants were closed. We took her stuff back to where our boys were playing in a tournament and realized that there was no where she could eat her food. There is a Noodle restaurant right by the tables so we slipped in and sat down so chill. There were maybe 5 people in the whole place and it was an "open" restaurant so there weren't walls or anything, you just go sit down. Well...apparently the dude that ran the joint didn't want any of our "food court food" in his Noodle palace so he told us we couldn't eat there...really?!?! So we asked where we could go besides the food court area...his response "I don't know but I'm not gonna let you eat here"....WOW!!!! I just don't understand how you can work in hotel and not have an answer for a guest or even be accommodating. Yeah, maybe we aren't supposed to bring in outside food, but if you're open and no one's in your restaurant, it looks better to have someone in there than to be more empty, I'm juuuust sayin. So, boo to the two times I tried to give this hotel some credit. It just didn't happen and I won't be going back to spend my time or money there.
2	I'm afraid the use of the word 5-star is thrown around here willy-nilly.  The word 5-star invokes opulence, star-treatment, flawless customer service and impeccable rooms and grounds.  Perhaps, at one point in time the Venetian ruled along the strip as the epitome of 5-star, but I don't think that's the case here anymore.  The city has suffered at the hands of this economic downturn, and hotels have responded, primarily by reducing their staff.  Venetian was clearly understaffed, from front desk, to bell-hops and luggage staff and especially the Concierge desk, they were always ill-equipped to deal with the crowds during high traffic times.As other reviews have mentioned, the atmosphere is ruined by the perfumed scent that is pumped into the facility. It is positively nauseating and the smell is so strong and so empowering that you don't want to enter the reception area. Also, another atmosphere annoyance: management insists on playing the Phantom of the Opera soundtrack on a loop in the elevators - (that marketing scheme will only hurt you, who wants to see that musical after it's been blasting in your ears for the last four days?)Restaurants on site are better than average to awful (i.e. its food court), with the best one being Thomas Keller's Bouchon Bistro located in the Venezia Tower. Their complimentary breakfast is served in a tiny two floor room. Their continental breakfast offers pastries and croissants with some sorry looking bananas and apples, along with self-serve coffee and juice. The little food that is offered is okay but not sufficient for a place that bills itself as a 5-star establishment. The space itself is cramped and cavernous with only a few tables where you can sit and see the view. Here, they are also understaffed with very few tending to replenishing the food and drink and cleaning/turning over the tables.Their pool area is also not terribly impressive. Between the Venetian and the Palazzo, the area offers four pool areas. There is visible ugly construction obscuring the sky. Their towel service is nice, offering both a chair towel and a swimming towel. There are far too few hot-tubs that are either over-run with children or filled to annoying capacity. If you want to relax, sit far away from the Tao Beach Club that plays club music at the maximum volume level. Though the lounge chairs aren't as nice in the Palazzo pool area, the mood and atmosphere is decidedly calmer. With no food service to speak of, drink service was sporadic, we ended up mostly going up to the bar to fill our orders. Cocktails $10 a pop, beer $7, wine $8.As I'm sure you've figured out by now, there is nothing reminiscent of Venice at the Venetian. The Grand Canal Shoppes, along with the indoor/outdoor Canal along with St-Mark's square is bordering on Disney-cheesy (but it's Vegas, so it's to be expected?)The rooms, their size is what saves this place. We stayed in the Bella Suites and these rooms were big. Two flat screen t.v.s, one in the bedroom and then the other in the living room suite. Sizeable bathrooms, separate toilets.  Plenty of room to pre-game most importantly and to get ready for a night out on the town. Complimentary toiletries weren't anything special - bitter orange. Nice shower pressure, but both towels and robes were overly starch-y and old. The furniture has seen better days, and there were a few items that needed tending (i.e. towel rack was loose, some light bulbs were burned out and needed replacing, fleece blanket had a huge hole in it) Maid service always came early in the morning - and they were seemingly thorough, except for one day when a cleaning glove was left behind on top of our bathroom sink.With all the new hotels (Westin, Hilton) offering plush bedding and "heavenly" beds, you think the nicer hotels in Vegas would follow suit. Not so. The mattresses were lumpy, some dipping in the middle (clearly needing an overhaul) The pillows were flat and not plush. I would have preferred at the very least, a duvet. Most of us slept badly.Your value for the money was decent, but only when the total cost of the stay was split seven ways. If I would do it again, I'd spend extra money and stay somewhere fancier or more modern (Think Bellagio, Wynn, or newer properties). I would not return here.The added charge of a daily $18 resort fee for access to the gym and a daily newspaper that you must obtain yourself (both items which we never took advantage of) was ridiculous and unnecessary.  Not to mention when I elected to do a quickie checkout (to avoid an hour long wait) by filling out a form, I never received an itemized bill of my charges.
4	Not a 5 star place, but still very nice.  I got to stay here for FREE cuz i'm the shit.  :-D  Big rooms.  Comfortable ass beds!  Soft pillows and sheets!  Oh my, this place is nice. I like it alot.  Room service was real good, food was tasty and he got up there pretty quick.  Big ass bathroom.  Two TV's, maybe more, I don't remember.  Living room area with a couple couches and  table.  Real nice spot.  You will love it, trust me!  Tao beach cracks off real nice too, so if you go in the summer make sure you check that out.
3	Ahh the Venetian...so many memories.  Probably one of the most conveniently located hotels on the Strip.  It's next to everything.  But I feel like this hotel is going downhill.  I've stayed here around 10 times and now I feel like they're having a tough time staying classy and keeping up with the Jones'.  Not to say the Venetian is bad at all..but it's not the same as it used to be IMO.  This weekend the Venetian was almost at full capacity, so they had to utilize their older tower, Venezia, which is the one to the right of the front-lobby desk.  Finding your room here is literally a project in itself.  I felt like I was navigating my way through a maze...2-3 elevators, 4-5 rights and lefts, a few 100 meters, then FINALLY I'm at the room!  Now just finding my way back...hmm...what a pain in the ass.  The Venetian has a lot of good options fortunately.  Bouchon, Grand Lux, Cut...and the food court is great to get something quick.  I like how the rooms are pretty spacious for the most part.  You can comfortably sleep 5 people here, and cram up to 10-12 if you're Asian like me and my friends.  You can't do that at other hotels! lol.  I think I'm getting to old for this...
4	What can I say, this is a beautiful looking place. You get what you'd expect from staying at a hotel like this such as: a nice room, great casino, and good eats. Its located at a prime spot where you can go to another high end casino such as the palazzo or the wynn or mid range casinos like treasure island and mirage. The only downside was that they did not check me in until 5pm. I was there for an early checkin at 12 and also did the $20 trick on the front desk girl. I was upgraded to a strip view room, but I was also roomless for a couple of hours... which was not cool to say the least.All in all, I had a blast staying here. It made me feel like I was a baller and I would definitely stay here again in the future.Oh! and their beds are ridiculously comfy.
4	The Venetian was my first Vegas experience and I have to say for the price we paid for our suite it was amazing!  We stayed during the week so the prices were cheaper and we got a amazing suite.  The only issue I had was the cable channel selection was worse than most  40$nght hotels.  I assume this is because they want you out and about spending money but if your going to pay more for the nice suite and not spend anytime in it than I reccomend getting a cheaper hotel close by.    Also bring your own in room booze they will charge 50 bucks for peanuts lol so plan the in room drinks and snacks ahead. The entire hotel does smell great , however its a overwhelming flower smell so if you have any issues with strong fragrance do not stay here!  I am not sensitive to smells and it got on my nerves a bit even.   I know it is most likely to  avoid the smell of all the  smokers but it almost overpowers that smell and umm coming from a smoker with no sence of smell left thats a lot.   I hope someone finds this helpful overall I think it was a wonderful hotel and i have paid more for less of a room!    any questions feel free to ask I will do my best.
2	love the suite idea, but the rooms are starting to show wear.  I came expecting better quality especially comparing with encore where I normally like to stay.  lines are long to check in and service is hard to come by.  i was on hold for the front desk for over 20 minutes the first night and decided it wasn't worth the wait.  on the last day I was on hold for 30 min just to get denied a late check out.  the line for luggage check took 15 min.  bathrooms need re-tiling and they should change the smell of their soaps and lotions from that nasty bitter orange.on the plus they have an awesome gym with a rock climbing wall and so many restaurants and shops.  can't comment on tao beach since it was packed out.would I come back?  probably not with all the other hotels that I'm sure can offer more.
4	The Venetian is the placeee to stay in Vegas..I'm a big fan of this place and I absolutelyyy loveee the roooms..The rooms are spacious, clean and pretty affordable for Vegas.My favorite is the bathroom-the vanity, the shower, and the bath tub..it's realllly niceee having a place to do my makeup and get all glammed up for a night on the town and than coming back after the club and just soaking it up in the tub. :) I love the whole canopy bed and the separate living room area.  The staff is super nice and I have never had a problem.  When I call for housekeeping for example-towels, toothbrush/toothpaste they are right on it..they have greattt amenities too...I loveee staying here..Casino is great, the attractions the moving garden (whatever you call that show) the lobby, the ambience, the restaurant, everything about it...can't go wrong at this place..
4	I really like the Venetian! This has to be one of my favorite places out here. They offer alot of extras for everyone from the Canal Shops to the awesome Poker room! The service has always been great and the Fuji water is free!
3	I was really expecting a lot more from the Venetian.When we arrived at the hotel I was so excited.   It's such a huge place and seems really beautiful.  Upon closer inspection it's really plastic and fake.  Then you open the doors and are hit with the most nauseating, cloying perfume scent.  It's like the scent of concentrated cheap laundry detergent.  It is apparently pumped throughout the lobby and main areas of the hotel.  We then saw the winding line of weary looking travelers waiting to check-in.  I actually felt my heart sink.  Fortunately a hotel employee directed us to the elevator and told us to check-in on the 2nd floor.  I'm pretty sure this saved us half an hour or more.  It took two elevators and about 5-10 minutes to get from the lobby to our room.  The hotel is MASSIVE being attached to the Palazzo.  Our room was spacious and nicely air-conditioned.  The whole room was sort of beige and not really as pretty as I would expect.  Our view was so-so.  Not much to see on the non-strip side.  The bedding was awful and scratchy.  I would have expected soft sheets and down or fluffy duvets for a hotel that calls itself 5 star.  Instead it was a somewhat stained and icky bedspread.  We didn't hear any noise at night which was nice.  The rooms are definitely showing their wear.  The worst part was opening the fridge to check out the goods and finding a styrofoam container of the previous occupants leftovers.  Some nasty looking buffalo wings or something that had clearly been there for days.  You would think they'd check the fridge!  The printer in our room did not work and even after we got new ink cartridges it still didn't work.  We told the front desk when we checked out but she just scribbled something on a piece of paper that I'm sure is sitting in a recycle bin right now.  The swimming pools and hot tubs are fantastic and completely enjoyable.  They were the best part of our trip.  They are packed to the brim with college-aged kids and 20-somethings working off their hangovers and perfecting their tans, which was kind of icky.  It mellows out during the week and at dinner time and becomes a great place to hang out.Our reservation confirmation had Free Continental Breakfast in bold letters yet we didn't get any coupons for it.  We decided we'd try and get breakfast but were quickly denied at the door.  We went to talk to the front desk and were again denied.  Finally my girlfriend pulled up the actual confirmation email on her phone to show the guy and he handed us our passes.  Sill we were shorted a pass as there were three people staying in our room.  I felt like the whole thing was kind of cheap.  The breakfast was OK.  The pastries were grocery store quality, the coffee was pretty bad.  The bananas and apples were really brown and sad-looking.  The juice and oranges were edible.  The restaurants inside The Venetian were all good.  We particularly enjoyed the Mexican place.  Prepare yourself to pay a lot for food.  I don't know if that's Vegas in general or just the restaurants of the Venetian/Palazzo.  We also really liked the Italian place - Dal Toro.  I felt like the cost of the food was equality to the quality and I'd go to them again even if I wasn't staying at The Venetian.In general The Venetian is packed with the same types of people -"bargain" hotelers (us), 20-somethings straight out of the Jersey shore, and unknowing international travelers. It's not a place full of high rollers. I'm not sure if I would come back to The Venetian or not.  I suspect there are better hotels on the strip for more money, which is worth it to me.
2	I stayed at the Venetian a couple years ago.  Paid about $300/night for 3 nights.The hotel itself is incredible - which earned it the extra star.They didn't have our specially requested non-smoking room ready - said we'd HAVE to take a smoker.  When pressed, they said they could have one ready in a couple hours.  OK.  Leave the luggage and hit the town.  Upon return, after waiting another hour, they can't find our luggage.  we have to go with them into the basement to help them look for it.  Finally found it - no apologies, no manager explanation, nothing.  When asked to speak with a manager, they said they'd have one call.  Did they?  No.  Sent them a fax to have a manager call.  Did they?  No.  Maybe if I were a high-roller.....
2	Duration of Stay: 4 days, 3 nights (Fri 4/16 - Mon 4/19, 2010)Room Type: 1,100 sq foot Rialto View Suite (room 27-205)Casino/hotel itself: 8/10Customer Service: 2/10I'll start off with the Positives:- The hotel itself is aesthetically gorgeous- Nice little shopping center within the hotel (includes a cigar shop)- Amenities include free mini-refrigerator, bathrobes, slippers, soap and shampoo (all upon request)... free printing and internet come with the Rialto suite.- Large pool areas (multiple pools & Tao Beach option)Negatives:- Terrible customer service (elaborated upon below)- Not many late-night dining options within the hotel- Located at far end of the strip- Casino floor layout is clumsyUpon arriving at The Venetian, I found myself very impressed with the hotel interior. As mentioned above, it is gorgeous inside. However, this was overshadowed by the multiple issues that had occurred during our stay and subsequent poor customer service, which was amongst the worst I have ever experienced during a hotel stay.I had pre-paid for an 1,100 square foot suite (the Rialto View Suite). Upon check-in, I was assigned an inferior room. When I had pointed out the error, I was told my room was "on hold" due to bathroom maintenance, but after 15-20 minutes at the counter, the lovely Paige was able to take the room off hold, as "the maintenance had already been complete."Upon entering the bathroom, one of the faucet handles was broken, the glass shower door squeaked loudly, and during the second day the toilet clogged up.I was told during check-in that because I had booked a room at the Venetian, I (&friends) could be put on the guest list for Tao Nightclub to enter free of cover charge, as long as we got there before midnight and there were more females than male in my party. Because of this, I dragged 7 girl friends to accompany me and 4 guy friends to Tao that night. When we got to the front of the guest list line, my female guests were let in free of charge but all of us males were asked to pay a $20 cover charge each. We paid it as we had already waited in the line and our women were already in the club. When I had asked the front counter about this the following day, I was told we should have been let in free of charge provided we were accompanied by more females than males. When I stated we had met this prerequisite, I was then told (in contrary) that it is "up to the mood of the bouncer."Our room was only cleaned once during our three night stay, and that was the day before we left. There was no "do not disturb" hung on the door handle and we barely spent any time in the room.If you stay at The Venetian and need to call the front desk for anything, plan to be on hold for 20+ minutes. This happened more than once when clean towels were needed (as room was not cleaned until the day before our departure) and when maintenance for the bathroom was needed.One of our door keys ceased to function after the first night."View suite" had lame viewThe horrors did not stop after we had left. The week following our stay at The Venetian, I discovered an additional $410 charge on my credit card. I was on hold for about 30 minutes when I had called the hotel to dispute the charge, hung up in frustration and made contact via email due to no answer. $300+ was due to refreshments having been moved around the refrigerator (our mistake initially, though I was assured I would not be charged as I had quickly notified the front desk of the error moments after the incident had occurred.. a hotel employee even came in to verify the count the following day and reassured me that nothing would be charged). There was also a charge in excess of $50 for in-suite dining that I had not ordered, though I accepted the charge as one of my guests may have made the order without my knowledge (though none had claimed responsibility after having spoke to them). On a positive note, the A/R rep, Maria, was prompt (as I have found most A/R will be when it comes to matters of payment) and had even provided me with an itemized breakdown of the charges and a copy of the receipt for the in-suite dining (which contained a signature that was clearly not mine). The $300+ charge for refreshments was also credited.Even so, I must note in the end, the A/R rep still insisted on charging me an arbitrary $50 "restocking fee" when crediting me for the incorrect charges to my credit card. I asked her to advise what was being "restocked" as nothing from the room was consumed. It was an added slap in the face given the thousands of dollars we had spent that weekend on the room, the casino floor, the restaurants, Tao nightclub and stores within.Bottom Line: The Venetian is among the fancier looking hotels in Vegas, but the customer service is amongst the worst. I will not be stopping by again during any of our future business or annual trips, and I will strongly advise friends not to stay here when the opportunity is presented.
2	Not worth it. For as much as it costs to stay here, the staff should be kissing your ass, not making you feel like you've overstayed your welcome immediately after check-in. Add some of the surliest dealers on the planet, and this place is a pass. Start of the day, after about 30 minutes at the blackjack tables, Dealer 'X' has been ruthlessly taking all our chips (what are the odds of the dealer hitting blackjack 3 hands out of 5?) We're all taking it lightly, cracking jokes about it. Dealer 'X' is expressionless, seeming annoyed by our presence. One of Us: "Dealer X, why so serious? You've barely said anything or even cracked a smile." Dealer X: "Maybe I'd talk more if you give me a tip" One of Us: "Well for you to get a tip I need to get a winning hand" Dealer X with unveiled hostility: "Maybe it's time for you guys to move on" We're paying for this abuse?We moved down the strip to where the regular folk lose their money to good natured dealers. Unless you are chock full of haughty attitude yourself or enjoy being talked down to, I'd recommend you do the same.
3	Stayed two nights at the Venetian and we left a little bit disappointed not because it wasn't nice but just not sure if it deserves it's 5 star rating.  Maybe we were expecting a little something more, even the toiletries felt kind of cheap here.  What is up with the bitter orange shampoo and lotion, in my opinion, it smelled like crap!  At least give folks some Aveda toiletries for the price of the rooms.  However since we were returning from a camping trip in the Grand Canyon, this place was still like heaven compared the previous nights.  Overall, it was decent but we felt there should have been a little bit more in order to deserve the 5 star rating.
4	This was my second time to stay in Vegas and after hearing the reviews my friends and family had given for the Venetian I decided to check it out. I got a package deal through Expedia for a Bella Suite in the Venezia Tower. Upon reading the reviews and descriptions on Expedia's website it appeared to be a great choice and a killer deal.  Then after I booked the room about a week before the trip hit and I started to get anxious about my decision. I read some more reviews on sites like Yelp and many were very negative, especially regarding the Venezia Tower.Upon checking in I requested a room upgrade if there was one and to my surprise the clerk upgraded us to a strip view bella suite, although it was still in the Venezia Tower.  One of the biggest complaints I heard regarding the Venezia tower was that you had to take at least three elevators to get anywhere. And while this was partly true our room was a corner on the 8th floor and was adjacent to an elevator bank. That being said it was no problem getting in and out and you didn't even have to go through the casino to get to the front or the parking deck. And although the Venezia tower hasn't been updated in a while it was still a huge room and very well appointed. In summary, if you stay at the Venetian do try first to get a room at the Palazzo and if that's not available try the Venetian and if that's not available the Venezia tower is not a bad choice but I don't think I'd stay in it again. Honestly, though, when I go back to Vegas I think I'll stay at Wynn/Encore.  Although no one would be dissapointed to stay at any of the three Venetian towers. The Venetian is also located in an ever so slightly more central location than Wynn, (they're practically next door but...)
5	This is not what Venice really looks like, effin' liars! Nevertheless The Venetian is charming, and beautiful and elegant, and just might be the next best thing. Everything about this place is perfect, and you can see that just by walking around. Rooms are huge, a bit pricey, but not extreme, and the service is impeccable. Even if you can't afford to stay in the hotel, or you'd rather stay somewhere less expensive to save for other Vegas-adventures, you can still enjoy what The Venetian has to offer, even a gondola ride. The shops, well, that really does remind me of Venice somehow. The canal, the gondoliers, the sky-painted ceiling. There is a bit of Venetian magic there.
4	Staying at The Venetian was amazing! I had a great time with the girls. My only issue is, when we called up to make reservations, we specifically made a buzz about the pull out couches. You guys assured us every single suite had them.When we get there, ours didn't! That really upset us since we called to make sure that our suite would have that.Other than that, security was great. Some of them knew us by name by the time we left. Housekeeping was magnificent. I know our room was a mess, but they were such dolls. So other than having pull out couches, everything was great!We also got to check out some of the restaurants, which were pretty good. But we didn't get to go through the shops. We were busy everywhere else.
5	The Venetian! This place is absolutely remarkable and gorgeous. From the automated draperies that come in heavily at a marvelous scarlet color to the fabolulous classical style of the building. Everything was beautiful, gorgeous, and classy. I loved every bit about this hotel and would definitely come back assuming I've already visited all other 4+ star hotels on the strip of Las Vegas. My girlfriend and I stayed here on the last day of our stay in Vegas. We thought we'd splurge a lil by coming here and experiencing the luxury of  the privileged life. Let me be the first to say that this place was well-worth the nearly 200 dollar a night room for an upgraded venetian suite on the highest floor. The room was magnificient, and the beds were extremely comfortable. There were 3 flat-screen tvs- 1 in front of the bed, 1 in the living room, and 1 in the bathroom. the bathroom is tiled the room comes with a safe, a desk, 2 nice chairs, a L shaped sofa, a single sofa psychiatrist chair, and the entire room is temperature controlled. I would recommend the venetian side, rather than the older venezia side towers. I would also recommend you ask for a higher floored room because well.. everyone likes being on the higher floors because of the view. When I asked, I got it at 0 cost, and my view was like the view you would ordinarily see in the movies.. one of the entire view of all the luxury and excess that las vegas has to offer. To me, a very nice place to stay for vacation is vital to the amount of fun I can possibly have on the trip overall. Because of this, the Venetian serves as a very eloquent, classy, quiet, clean, and spacious place to enjoy your vacation in vegas. after the venetian.. you won't want to spend your hotel nights anywhere else when u are in nevada. yahh.. -wifive-
5	this place is the best 5 star hotel in vegas, bar none.what's the best part of a 5 star hotel? when you get it booked via hotwire and save a buttload of money. your two 5* for north strip are this gem and it's neighbor, the wynn. regardless, this hotel is romantic and very classy, with tons of helpful and friendly staff around to help you. yeah, good luck trying to find self-parking from registration on your first try.i adored the toiletries provided here, and there was tons of it. to the reviewer who kevitched on this point, if you want aveda, stay at the palms. the tub is big enough for 2, and the abundance of mirrors is oodles of fun! i think the bellagio has the better casino, but it's kind of hard to leave the venetian once you're in...it's a catch-all for everything you need. i will definitely come back!
4	The first time I stayed here was for my best friend's going away (to Japan for a year and change), and I'm pretty sure we'll be staying here again when he comes back. To say the least, the weekend was (dare I say it?!) EPIC. The only picture we took all weekend was with Pete Rose at the shops and it's probably better that way. Bottle service at Tao, XS, etc., but that's neither here nor there.I've stayed at probably half of the major hotels on the strip, and this one is still my favorite. I love the rooms, the service is good, it's in a good location, the clubs, restaurants, shopping... it's all good! It doesn't have the stodgy atmosphere of Bellagio, it doesn't feel old like Caesars, it's not off the strip like Rio. It has everything it needs to be my favorite hotel, overall.It's a little more expensive than your everyday Vegas stops like MGM, Excalibur, Luxor, etc., but it's well worth it in my opinion. If you're going to do Vegas, do it right. I'm only a few hours away, so we go to Vegas all the time. But if you're not close by, do yourself a favor and stay at a nice place!
5	A wonderful tour through Venice without being there.ThemeVenice-like.  Perfumed?Yes.Good for kids?: Yes, but the prices are not good for people with kids.Hotel RoomSpacious and opulent for the common, middle-class clientele.  Beds are comfortable with bathrooms to be envious of.Amenities and serviceGreat service feeling more of a palace than a hotel.ShoppesThe boardwalk is home to high-end boutiques and is more suited to window shopping.  Though not in the league of  The Forum or PH, its still worth a stroll through.RestaurantsOur favorite is the Lux Cafe.  But aside of high-end establishments the Venetian offers two food courts.  One near the casino, cleverly camouflaged and is more plush while another near the parking garage is more for the common folk.  You can order a hamburger from at least four different places there.Locale: At the northern end of the strip it has a grand approach.  There are bridges, arches, and staircases between the street and the front doors.  It is beautiful at night and within walking distance of malls and the Walgreen's.SummaryIt is worth a grand tour.  The skyline at night is as impressive as the gondolas below.  Inside towards the lobby you will be escorted by classical music and wonderful reproductions of ceiling art complete with a fountain in the lobby.   A place like this is a reason to be in Vegas for those of us who do not game.
4	Beautiful Hotel inside and out. The room is perfectly designed. one of the better rooms on the strip. Front desk staff also pretty awesome. Grazie club is worth signing up with great comps. Fantastic restaurants, good pool, good nightlife. I took a star away for several reasons. that dont mean a whole lot in the grand scheme of things.1. Parking- kind of round about2. Valet not convenient at all, might as well park your own car.3. hotel bars. suck. service not equal to other services in the hotel.4. Pretty high limit tables throughout. i mean im Not looking for 5 dollar tables but 100 roulette?
4	Awesome hotel, beautiful suites - with bathrooms the size of a typical NYC hotel room, incredible pool deck, great staff, great service, excellent elevators, excellent housekeepingFront desk could use quite a few more clerks, and while they are very very nice, it would be helpful if they could be both nice and efficient, it took about 6-10 minutes for each check in.Pool areas are fantastic, heated pools, nice lounge chairs, towels and chair covers, lots of bars (they make a lotta $$ off those $10 cocktails)As for all the complaints about bad/inferior rooms, remember you always get what you pay for...if you book the lowest category or lowest priced room when making your reservation and the hotel if full, it is inevetiable that not all of those rooms are going to have a fantastic view of the strip. You can assure yourself of this by paying the upgraded prices for the better view rooms, but if you are paying the cheapest price, or if you bought on priceline, then don't expect to get a room on the 30th floor with the great view!!Casino is very nice, and well lit. Yes, the perfume smell is very annoying at first, but after a while you really forget about it. (but gosh darn they sure do pump the place up with it!) Paybacks are very skimpy, but no more so than of the other big hotels. If you want good payback head to the riviera, sahara or downtown.Grazie club desk could also use more employees, very understaffed, but worth the wait none the less.Overall a great hotel, and kudos to the Venetian for being the largest Vegas property NOT owned by Harrah's or MGM. (support the underdogs;)
5	By far...the venetian has the best rooms on the strip...try the 700 sq ft suite...pretty affordable for the size and quality.  My only complaint is that this hotel is home to TAO...the worst club on EARTH....they sexually discriminate against guys...good luck trying to get in if you're a group of guys.
4	This review is for the Venezia tower...My best friend, sister, and sister's bestfriend (all named Jessica!) came with me to celebrate my 25th birthday in Las Vegas.  We stayed in the Venezia tower in a Bella Suite (2 queens).  Since the Venezia tower is a few years older than the Palazzo or Venetian towers, it's decor was a bit less modern, but still nicely appointed.  Other yelpers complained about the long walk to this tower and it can be a mission when you're drunk, but on the other hand, got to burn off those calories someway!  It's about a 6-8 minute walk from the lobby, but when you're in heels, it feels a lot longer.  By the end of the weekend, we were kicking them off as soon as we got to the Venezia lobby.  Anyway, I thought the Venezia was worth the lower price tag - it was the same price as one king bed in one of the newer suites.  So, if you have a big group and are on a budget, this place is a good deal for the money!  Oh yes, and eat at the Grand Lux Cafe - it's basically the same thing as the Cheesecake Factory!  I ate there THREE times during my stay :)+1 Inside the Venetian, which has a billion ammenities +1 Central location on the strip+1 More for your $$$ (2 queen beds vs 1 king)+1 Usually get resort coupons if you book via discount website-1 A decent walk (6-8 minutes) from the front lobby of the hotel
3	After staying at the Palazzo in the last 1 1/2 yrs, coming back to the Venetian was a shock!  They have reduced the amenities to bare minimum.  No more ropes or slippers.  No vanity kit or shoe horn.  The 'new' dresser has no drawers.  And you call yourself 5-diamonds?  I think NOT!What really upset me about Venetian is that they seem to always run out of rooms when I check in at midnight.  Then I ended up either in a handicap room or a smoking room.  I NEVER had this problem at the Palazzo.  The front desk said 'I'm sorry but we are fully committed.'  WTF?  Didn't I have a reservation for a NON-SMOKING room?  Was my reservation NOT committed?  And I did say on my reservation that I'd be arriving at midnight!  Venetian, you SUCK!
4	Disclaimer - this was my first time in Vegas so my review is more a comparison to hotels in general, rather than Vegas hotels.  Also, I did not make use of the Spa (Canyon Ranch) or go to the pool.    First, the hotel complex is HUGE and there are actually three separate properties: The Venetian, Venezia Towers and the Palazzo.  We stayed in a Bella View Suite in the Venezia.  The Venezia has a smaller, less busy check-in counter that is not clearly pointed out.  You can check in for either hotel at either check in.  Upon check in at the Venezia they offer an upgrade the the Venetian (rooms more recently modeled, wireless net) for $20 or the Palazzo for $40.  We chose to stick with the Venezia since none of the properties are very old and the room had ethernet internet.  There is a $17/day mandatory fee regardless of where you stay.  The suite was very nice and came with either one King sized bed or two Queen sized beds.  There are three flat screen TVs (bed, lounge, bathroom).  We were missing one remote and the bathroom remote was out of batteries.  Otherwise the room was in good condition at check-in.   There were also extra pillows and iron/iron board in the closet.  The bathroom was truly spectacular, lots of towels, one terry robe, and some q-tips, cotton balls etc.  The shampoo, conditioner, and soap was deliciously scented.  I noticed the furniture was a little worn looking, especially the couches.  Also the TP holder in the commode kept falling out and clanging on the marble floor.  I imagine that Vegas hotel rooms have a lot more activity/use so things wear out faster.  In addition they don't include a kettle or coffeepot in the room.  Room service can send you a kettle.  Be aware that there is a $4.95 delivery charge for room service and it takes about 20 minutes for them to come, not including time taken to make the food.  The rooms have a free safe which we used and were satisfied with.Other ammenties in the hotel are the Spa + pool, LOTS of restaurants, a casino (and the Palazzo casino is a short walk away) and LOTS AND LOTS of shopping.  The Venetian is one of the more family friendly hotels and entertainment is not so focused on just gambling.  Hence the numerous shops, restaurants, nightclubs, etc.  The indoor canal, walkways and center square are really cool - it's feels like midday no matter what time!  I also appreciated seeing security around and after a certain point they start asking to see room keys to walk through the "residential" parts of the hotel - no drunken randoms roaming the halls.  Note: a lot of reviews pointed out the strong rose scent.  It is strong the first time you enter the building, but not present in the guest rooms.  I don't mind the smell and didn't notice it after the first day.  Treasure Island also does the same thing.
5	We stayed here a few weeks ago on our first trip to Las Vegas. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon and the check-in line was extremely long. It didn't take long to get to the counter, where we were given keys to the room at the Venzia. The hotel is definitely 5 stars and is packed with great restaurants, a casino, shopping, and entertaining shows. The pool area was nice and the hot tub was very relaxing. The Venzia/Venetian staff was very welcoming and check-out was quick and easy. Overall for what you get this place is very reasonably priced and worth every penny.
5	I don't know why so many people are hating on the rooms.YES the dealers are assholesYES the place is expensiveBut this is one of the finest hotels in Vegas people. The rooms are huge and you get a pull out couch in all suites, if you didn't have one maybe you don't know how to pull it out. Anyways this place rocks and it's worth the price tag, granted I only pay 100 or 200 bucks per night thanks to a super cool hook up :)Five stars all the way for the Venetian and the Palazzo. This place rules!!!!
3	Pricey place to stay. Expected to have wifi but only got a LAN line. Wifi cost extra. Poolside was not great as comparison to MGM which cost a lot less. Overall experience was okay.
5	SWEET!!  Who could say no to a free upgrade to the grand deluxe suite?!!  It was like a 1 bedroom luxury apartment, minus a kitchen, replace it with a bar!  Corner bar with marble counter, stools and a flat screen too!  Also a little living room area with couches and another flat screen!  Next to that was an office area.  The room was cool too with a jacuzzi tub!  Didn't do too well at the BJ tables tho!
5	I LOVE THIS HOTEL! The rooms are so spacious and its a little ways down the strip but when you don't venture too far to go to the clubs like I do, it's perfect!  My favorite places are near this hotel so it works out.
4	The discounts they have here make this place worthwhile. First off, The Venetian is beautiful to look at, inside and out. The canals with the gondolas and the beautiful architecture, it's all very nice. The rooms are a plus here. Every room is a suite, which includes at least a sunken living room, a marble top bar, and a jacuzzi tub with separate shower.Earlier trips, I had numerous problems with the cleanliness with the rooms but they have been all fixed quickly but that's why it gets only four stars.Good: Beautiful rooms and just something really nice to look at.Bad: The minimums in the casinos are not really that low for my taste and the stores are pricey.Final: The room should be in pristine order when I first arrive.
4	Room was super nice.  As indicated sunken living room w/bedroom.  Nice bathroom w/shower & bath.  TV in lving room, "bed room" & bathroom.  I thought the bed & living were a bit much, one would have to muted for sure.  And I get that the bathroom is for the sports fans, but it's still sort of funny to me.  I used to go to Vegas like every other month for tradeshow work, so I know my hotels.  This was nice.  We also had a fax/scanner/printer which, from a business standpoint was super nice.  We paid the VIP fee & had unlimited WiFi, local calls, use of fitness spa.  Primarily used pool.  Really liked the wading pool aspect for lounge chairs.  And it was memorial day weekend (super crowded) so it was nice that we could use the Plazzo's pool as well.
2	This is one of the new casinos, but even though it could be amazing, it comes off as being cheap instead of classy.  Upon entering you get a scent like at ENCORE, but instead of a a pleasant, soothing one, it's a more strong odor reminded me of a stripper with lots of baby oil.There are a lot of youngers here partying it up.  They must have lots of deals on hotels.  This place has one of the highest ratio of douchebags and skanks.This is the only place i got carded for gambling.
5	WOW.My days of staying at a cheap $30 a night are over! Previously, my notion of Vegas was to stay at the cheapest hotel then party and eat at the nicer hotels. Spectating hotels and walking the strip is not the same as staying in one. In college, the partying was non stop. so what's the big deal? Why waste money, if you aren't gonna sleep anyways? It's time that we graduated from those days of back breaking beds and smoked up casino air. You should spoil yourself and wake up a king or a queen, not a cheap hooker that smells like smoke.Last year, I was treated to a suite at The Venetian and it changed my life. Look for weekday promotions!! Last year, we got a special for $129 a night. This year its only about $79 a night. Previously, the best hotel I stayed at was MGM, which is still on of my favorites. Still have Mandalay, Wynn, Caesars Palace and Aria to try out but that's another review. My goal at Venetian was to have a relaxing weekend and not think about work. So I did it right! I started off with early check-in. I didn't know that existed, but glad I got there early so I can enjoy the hotel for an extra 2 hours. I like how the greeter would get our name before check-in so she can formal introduce us to the desk clerk. "Here is Mr. and Mrs. *LASTNAME*" So formal and it made my gf happy because we aren't married. Entering my room.. I started to do the MTV cribs/ Life styles of the Rich and Famous. Take a lot of pictures and give yourself a tour of the Good Life imagining that this could be a permit thing. Then like a little kid jump on the King Size bed with excitement. Then straight to the tub/jacuzzi for a relaxing bubble bath. Afterward, I put on the robe and gain instant Heff status. Fix yourself a drink and put on a movie or just watch a sports game. RELAX! No running around in the hot summer desert sun. Just relax relax and more relaxation. The tables and slots can wait until later. I'm not very great at describing the details or decorations. Shopping Malls, art, and an escape from the normal Las Vegas madness. Forget about celebrates and reading great reviews, try it and decided for yourself.
4	Last Memorial Day was our second time staying at this hotel. Both times we were invited guests so our rate is pretty low for a two night stay. We were offered $200 in slot credits and $50 off at one of their restaurants, we picked Enoteca San Marco. I loved being here. The rooms are big, we got luxury suite with a view, the marbled bathroom is huge and the sunken living room has sofa sleeper for the 'uninvited' guests. And oh, there are 3 flat screen TVs! At both times we had room service, great food and the servers were courteous - we gave him a tip, but he wasn't the type who lingers hoping to get one if you know what I mean. The casino area is nice and so is the shopping center where the gondola ride is but it somehow makes me feel a little claustrophobic being there. My only gripe is the parking. We had to take 4 elevators to get to our room!All in all I'm giving it a 4 star because apart from the things I mentioned above and despite losing tons of money at the casino, I always had a great time sleeping in their marvelous bed and I can see myself staying here again as long as they invite us. They have Bouchon to boot too!
5	I absolutely adore staying at the Venetian or the Palazzo. They've been sending me comped rooms since the first time I signed up for a players card there. I have to say, they have my loyalty. The service is great with the exception of cocktail service. From the beginning, I was impressed with their staff. Let's talk about the rooms. You can't go wrong. The most basic room is a suite. They've upgraded me a few times to a room with an incredible view of Treasure Island. I've stayed at comped rooms (their cheapest rooms) at Bellagio, Caesars, MGM, TI, Ballys, Mirage, NYNY, and Mandalay Bay- the rooms at Venetian/Palazzo are far superior. It's in a great location- walkable to the Wynn/Encore, TI, Bellagio, Harrahs, Caesars, and Fashion Show Mall. If you get a chance to stay here you won't regret it!
5	Besides the $1,000 a night Grand Wailea Resort in Maui I stayed at, this is by far the best hotel I have EVER vacationed at. First of all right upon arrival, we strolled down the beautiful Italian designed building with high painted ceilings and marble floors to the strip of small boutiques through the casino, to the pool, or should I say SLEW of pools. I swear there are about 5 or 6 pools on the Venetian property. We approached the main pool and a Venetian employee approached us and asked if we would like a tour of the pool area. We kindly accepted. As we are walking around the pool area, packed with people (FYI this is Mid July, rated the hottest weekend in Vegas last year) we are approached by a gentlemen who asked us if we would like to be in a music video. A music video? Huh? We said, uh sure! He escorted us over to this blocked off area called Tao Beach. We signed disclosure forms and pictures were taken of us then we entered. LIL JON???? LMFAO???? IS THAT YOU???? We had only been in this hotel for frikken 15 minutes and we're standing in front of LIL EFFING JON? After that we thought nothing could really top that. If you can believe it, we were wrong. We got to our suite. Wow. A two level hotel suite, 2 queen sized beds (the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in, IN MY LIFE), 2 big flat screen TVs, 1 in the bedroom area, 1 in the chill area with a huge wrap around couch, and 1 small flat screen TV in the beautiful marble bathroom. Mirrors everywhere! We're girls, we LOVE mirrors! A balcony? Helllll yes! And did I mention EVERYTHING is managed on 1 remote in this suite? We had a remote in between our beds to control the blinds, lighting, TV, air conditioning, errrrrrrrrythang!Second level shopping, amazing. The ice-bar? Omg. Don't drink too fast or too much though, stomach ache+brain freeze :( I suggest sharing one. The atmosphere, priceless. It's like your outside Italy while your INSIDE Vegas. Ah :) takes me back to my favorite place in the world. And the Gondola ride? A GONDOLA RIDE, need I say more?All in All, worth EVERY penny.
3	I've been to Vegas before, but this was my first time at the Venetian. We stayed in the Venezia tower for three nights. We weren't offered any upgrades to the Venetian or Palazzo...that may have made a difference. The room, while spacious, was pretty standard, and a little dated. The bathroom was huge and I enjoyed having a dressing table. The fact that the internet was wired was a little annoying. We received the free continental breakfast, which was only pastries and juice. If you go to the far asian place by the sports book, you can sit outside instead of the barren room by the check in desk. The best part of my stay at the Venetian was watching the USA game at the sports book. It wasn't fancy or anything, but it was fun, and we sat behind a former USA National Team Captain.I'm sure I'll visit Vegas again, but I'll probably try staying somewhere else. While the Venetian was nice, there was nothing about our stay that made me want to stay there again.
5	This is only my most favorite hotel on the entire strip.  Rooms are spacious and location is great.  And I gotta love my dealers and pitbosses in the casino.  Definitely a great place to stay at each and everytime....the Palazzo is also a  favorite of mine!
4	Man how much have this place gone down within a year. If I reviewed this place last year, it would have been an easy 5/5 stars. Now its around 3.9 / 5 stars. I've stayed here at this hotel over 10x already and trust me I have noticed the difference. Cons: The room use to include two generous LCD TVs, by Sharp I believe, now they swapped them out and included a generic no name brand. Not only was the TV an eyesore, it was smaller as well.Checking in - The room had a mirror that was tilted and out of place (cleaning lady probably couldn't do anything about this. The lamp was tilted/broken like someone just had a party in here.Valet is horrible anytime during the day. You're going to have to wait at least 20-35 minutes. Pros: The room is still fairly big. Whether you get a 1 king bed or 2 queens it will include a living room area with a pull out sofa bed. Venetian rooms are all suites. This mean you can pack a lot of people in one room. A lot of people who are budget do this and split the cost of the room.Room Rates for regular people are normally $239 - 279 on Fridays and Saturdays. Busier Weekends can set you back at $299 - $499 a night. If you play at the casino your rates could be reduced or you can be offered favorable rates in the future. Restaurants and clubs are places to visit when you come to Venetian too.Neutral: The pool is packed and benches are hard to find, but its like this during the summer if you stay on the strip.
3	Went with my dad and sister for a quick 2 day trip. This hotel is so BEAUTIFUL! All of the intricate decor and overall plushness of the resort is why I gave it 3 stars. They have a beautiful pool and spa area, ultra chic decoration in the rooms, and one of the coolest themed (gondola rides, anyone?) shopping areas on the strip. The location is obviously amazing as well. Aesthetically, this place is perfect. However, I did have some complaints. Firstly, we requested a room with a sofa bed. Upon realizing that our room did not have one, we phoned the front desk, were put on hold for nearly ten minutes, bounced back and forth with staff, then finally were told that someone would be sent up with a key to a different room. After waiting for 45 minutes, we started to question if the person with the key was taking the stairs up to the 32nd floor. Mind you, this took place at night; while the glitz and buzz of Sin City at night were beckoning to be explored, we were stuck in the room waiting for someone to give us the key to switch rooms. Also, there is a mandatory 17 dollar per room "resort fee" charged. At first it seemed fair, I mean, this place was gorgeous and had many amenities, but we were unable to do anything here that someone who wasn't staying at the hotel couldn't have done. Although we got to look around the pool and spa facilities, we were unable to use them. the pools close super early and the gym also closes at an inconvenient time. Also, the wifi was horrible. I couldn't get a signal for more than 5 seconds. In short, the Venetian is an absolute must-see while in Vegas, just not an absolute must-stay.
5	You know this hotel is fancy when the curtains open and close by a remote control. AWESOME!!!!This was my first time staying at the Venetian and I feel completely spoiled.  It also didn't help that we had VIP service for everything (my friend is a VIP). Our room was free, we had a free restaurant voucher, and we got free gambling credit for the slot machines!!! This hotel really takes care of their guests, and that's probably why their guests are so loyal.The entire hotel is beautiful.  Except for the weird smell in the casino and lobby of the Venetian, I really enjoyed all the shops, restaurants, and performers (people posing as statues, gondola singers) here.  Everything is open late, if not 24 hours, so you never have to leave the hotel!!! Besides a male revue show, we stayed inside the hotel for almost the entire time. I don't think I can stay at any other hotel that's of lesser quality than the Venetian now that I've experience how wonderful everything is here!
4	Stayed for 2 night and I love it. Love my room, slept very well and comfort.  Room Services was ok, it took them very long time to response.  Expensive hotel but I would book it again on my next visit.
4	Not sure what else I could say about the Venetian that has not already been yelped. The Bella suite (2 queen beds) was spacious. Large sitting area with a sectional couch, end tables, and a dining table that sat 4. Beds were comfy. Two TVs. Bath was large with a separate toilet room, a tub, and a glass enclosed shower with a sitting table and dual sinks. The soap and lotion provided smelled great. The amenities are also sold in the Apothecary shop in the Canal Shoppes. $20 for a full size bar. Room service was great - white table cloth and all set up on the table. Watch out for the in-room snacks and drinks as they are all sitting on sensors which get set off if you even more an item. So no taking out the beverages to use the re fridge for personal use. Three separate pool areas. The Venetian pool on floor 10 has a main pool and two hot tubs. Quieter, more older people and families. On the 4th floor is Tao pool and Tao beach. Younger, beautiful crowd, very loud DJ, dancing, large area. Check out is at 11am and the line starts around 10:30. The Venetian does not put a receipt under your door for you to check out via the television. Luckily f you do not need a receipt you can just fill out a card while in line with your email and they will email you the final bill (I received mine later that evening). Mix of 20 somethings all of the ways to families and older couples.Search online - I got a good package deal.  May be because ot was an off weekend, not sure.  But I would go back if I could find a package like that again.
3	This experience at the Venetian was not nearly as pleasant as my first.  For starters...when I checked in AND out, there was a "resort fee," which for 3 nights, ended up being $270.  I couldn't really get an explanation of what it was, but when the fee is damn near the price of another night, it's a little irritating.  Our room was in a secondary, so in order to get there, we had to go about 150 yards through the lobby, up an escalator, up an elevator, wind through a floor, across a bridge connection the towers, wind around through another floor, then up another elevator to our room.  We asked multiple workers if that was the quickest way and they assured us it was.  Had we not all been young and able bodied, this would have been an even bigger problem.  The stafff was friendly and the pool was not as bad as I said in my first review.  We did make it over to Tao Beach and weren't overly impressed...pretty small pool packed with people with water floating around that you probably wouldn't even want to know what was in it...The rooms were still very nice, but I'll definitely be back at Wynn next time.
5	I came to Venetian's Palace to eat. It is absolutely beautiful in here... , the ceilings have paintings on them... my goodness I didn't know where to put my eyes next! It is gorgeous inside, every time I go there... Red curtain draping the stage... seats were comfy and the ushers will literally walk you to your seats and help you with anything you need. Very accommodating. The casino is beautiful as well.. we hit the slots before watching the show. Very fun! I had a great time here and plan on coming back. Loved it.
4	The venetian has (to me) the BEST pool on the strip.What a blast.Please note that I never got to actually stay here - but I was at the ppol for a blessed and frying hot afternoon a few years back, and spent the rest of the evening in the cool-a/c-chilled casio at Venetian.(I actually stayed at the Luxor that trip - see separate reviews)Spring for a cabana - and you'll get great beverage service.LOVE the Venetian's POOL!
4	Look for Frank the roulette dealer and bet on 20 (his lucky number) and maybe you'll get just as lucky as I did!
4	I was so excited to final be able to stay here because the hotel have a deal.  My fiancee n I try our luck at both of their casinos but we did not win.  The place is so huge, beautiful, n breath taking. They are also expanding but does not interrupt ur enjoyment.  We saw several weddings during our stay n our breakfast were free.  Do eat at their restaurants n some shopping.  We also did the indoor Gondola ride which we enjoy w/singing.
4	Check-in took 45 minutes, there was a very long line.  To their credit the Check-out line was on the first floor and another desh on Floor 2 took the Registrations.  The Hotel is massive with 7,000 hotel rooms, theatres, casino, restaurants and shops.  It is the largest hotel in the US.  The service was very good, the rooms are all suites the only problem was orientation since the hotel is like a city in itself.
2	OK I'm giving the Venetian 2 stars because the service was a -2 the crowd was a -1 and the room was a 5This is not a 3 or 4 star placelet me explain Vegas if its your 1st time there are 2 types of people in Vegas 1) 80ish grandma sitting in front of the penny slot 2a) 21 year old Dbag partying throwing up everywhere 2b)those who want to still be 21 dbags you will see a lot of 2a and 2b crowd in the Venetian; so to me the jersey shore crowd at the venetian is a little annoying
5	I first visited the Venetian on my first trip to Vegas and I fell in love with it. The stunning architecture, the indoor gondola rides, it Had me at hello! On my second trip, I had to stay here! Our Bella suite was amazing. Flat screen TV's, comfy beds, beautiful living room area, with a remote control shade! The shops and restaurants inside are awesome, but the highlight was the pool!! Too crowded for you? Head over to the Palazzo (sister hotel) and chill at theirs. I can't wait to go back here!
4	I booked a four night stay through Expedia for my boyfriend and myself.  We arrived about 9pm on a Thursday evening and there was a long line for check in but it moved swiftly.  We ended up getting upgraded after I slipped the front desk guy $20 so we had a view of the strip and we were in the Venezia tower, which is an add on to the original structure.  The room was nice and big, but it did seem a bit worn.  Huge tub was awesome and comfy bed.  The employees we dealt with were all friendly and helpful.  They have some perfume scent they pump out to cover up the cigarette smell which is a bit gross smelling.  The hotel itself is beautiful, the details throughout are extraordinary.  Valet was always fast and nice.  The canals were cool, but I had expected something more, my own fault I guess.  This place is huge and even after being there a few days we got confused.  I would stay again.
4	Suite-only rooms are great. The rooms are huge, comfortable and if you score a good rate, great for value. My fave hotel to stay on the strip
5	Ever since I visited this hotel on out V-Day trip I wanted to stay.  Well, we took the kids for a SB road trip where we stayed a night and I must say I was very impressed.  The room was huge & I liked how they had a living room.  The pool was really nice & enjoyable.  If you sign up on their e-mail list they will send you some pretty awesome deals on rooms & credit.  I give this place a total thumbs up.
3	Lovely hotel and much bigger than it seems from the strip, which is pretty big!   We came here to go to the Museum and also hit the slots and walked thru the shoppes at the canal, so there's definitely lots of things going on here.
4	I always like staying at the Venetian! Ever since the planning stage when they had the model suites, I fell in love with it.At a minimum, you're getting a mini-suite. The settings are very relaxing and the beds are always comfortable. I think what I love most about the place is the Venice-like settings like the gondola and the ceilings....I guarantee you can't go wrong at the Venetian!
5	I've seen my fair share of Vegas hotel rooms.... I was a local people, it's called staycation. Now 2x a yr I make the mecca to my homeland and I have to say Ventian is the shit.Every room is a suite-- fairly large one at thatTao beach is a short  elevator ride away--oh so dangerousGrand lux is open all hours of the night-  burger at 4am anyone?Great shopping in the hotel, in case your up a few $$$Walking distance to the best night life (aka surrender at Wynn)Hotel pool is huge, when you need a break from the rager that is TaoMini bar is well stocked Beds are super comfy I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Venitian and when they told me I could have a check out at 6:30PM I fell even harder...
5	Huge rooms.  No, really.  Every night I picked a new spot to lounge in, just to feel like I was using the space adequately.  And I was there for a while, people.  The ONLY thing I will comment on is the smell in the lobby.  What is that??  I'm talking massive doses of lilies and other flower power going on down there.  I could feel a migraine coming on from the strip.  But once I was back in my room every night and remembered I had a marble bathroom complete with vanity and robe, all smells were forgiven.
3	Three and a half stars.  We arrived at 12:45 pm, clearly too early for check in - so the concierge temporarily held our bags until a room would be available, and said they'd call us when one was ready. **The next time we go this route, we're going to leave more than one contact number; at 4:30 pm, when we didn't hear back from them, we walked back over to the concierge to see what the issue was - apparently they'd tried the phone number we'd left, but weren't able to get a hold of us.No matter, we get our keys and head up to our room - gorgeous suite! 1100 square feet, 5 girls, 2 queen beds and 1 couch in the living room; our room comfortably fit all of us. Lots of lighting, by the beds, in the foyer, by the mirrors and several dedicated areas for girls to get primped before going out for the evening! With dual sinks, a tub, a seamless glass shower, and a vanity, we had plenty of room for applying makeup, doing hair and soaking of feet. Small nuances- This may have just been our suite but the front double doors would not shut perfectly, so everytime we left or reentered, we literally had to slam the door. This offered little to no elegance to the Venetian's atmosphere, especially when it felt like we were disrupting our entire floor by announcing our departure and arrival. - Our suite was not fully stocked when we arrived. As we were already scrambling to get ready on our first night out, some of us raced into the bathroom only to find out we had no shampoo, facial soap or enough towels to accommodate us all. - We did not have a 'please do not disturb/cleaning service' sign....really? Aren't these little suckers standard? Well, without ours, the cleaning service barged in on our naps and sleeping in, two days in a row. Venetian, please put these on every door! We like them! We use them!Overall, I enjoyed my weekend here at the Venetian. The room was lovely, beautiful, comfortable and elegant. This place would have wowed me if the above items had been addressed.
4	By far the nicest hotel that I have stayed in Vegas. Checked in around 11am on a Thursday and it went smoothly. Got upgraded by slipping a $20 between my ID and CC. The lady saw the $20 and started typing away. Originally booked a regular room and got upgraded into the Venetian Tower, high floor w/ view, Two Queens, 4 Room Keys, no need to check out for my back to back reservation etc etc... Slip the $20, it cant hurt to see what you get.The room was nice and spacious enough to accommodate 6 people but  next time I will have a max of 4.  Another plus is Grand Lux! Open 24 hours for your drunken eats, decently priced and good food. If you book regular it might be a bit pricey but there are always deals around. I got 4 nights for $450! =D Hopefully they comp my next stay cause I sure put a lot of money onto my players card there.... lol
3	My stay here started off rocky but it eventually. I arrived in vegas from the east cost at 10 pm which is 1pm eastern. When I arrived at the hotel I was happy to see that there was not line. I approched the check in counter and was greeted by a cyborg like lady who showed absolutly no emotion not even a smile. she promptly check me and and I went to my room. After checking the room over ... to my dismay I found a few things wrong with the room. 1st thing was there was hair on the floor in the bathroom I was willing to over look that becasue it was only a little in the corner and the have hundreds of rooms to clean. next i checked the beds and found that there was some hair in one of them as well as some glitter looking stuff... luckly it was not in my bed but the person i was staying with did not like that at all. and the 3rd strick for this room was that there was debris all over the carpet. I don't know about you guys but when I pay xyz dollars for a hotel at minimum I expect 2 things clean sheets and a vaccumed floor. So I i called down and had them change the room. after waiting a while for someone to open the new room ( big hotel i guess) we looked the place over and gave them the ok. the room was upgraded and had a great view of the strip. after getting settled in and ordering room service I went to the fridge for some reason and what i found/ smelled almost made me vomit. Spoiled milk! that had expried on may 31st and this was 4th of july weekend. the next morning i went down to the desk in person and let them know how disatisfied with the quality of the cleaning at the hotel and my rooms. ( this is where the reason i gave them 4 stars kicked in ) afterwards the new nice friendly lady ( incomparison to the stone face cyborg from last nite) got Me a new room in the newly renovated venetian tower ( apperantly i was in the older venezia tower.) with a view, cleared my roomservice tab and got me sweet tickets for the bluman show which was in some great seats. Also the fact that i left their black jack tables in the plus may have help boost my review half a star. Also Tao Beach rocked too, along with the attached mall with the gondela ride. All in all this was my first trip to vegas i would stay here again at the right price and  as long as my room is rite and they need to kick up the quality controll in the room prep.
4	My brother got a comped room here, so I may be a bit bias...Best part of the suite was the bathtub, large and deep enough to fit almost anyone.  Plus, three televisions and super comfy beds.  The pool was shallow (not even 4 feet) and crowded, but it was in the middle of summer and therefore expected.  Great window shopping, like Barneys and DVF.  We didn't pay the resort fee to get wifi in our room, but the main lobby and food court had free wifi so everything was okay.  Good location, in the middle of the strip and near shopping that's more reasonable like the Fashion Show and Caesar's Palace.  Oh, and Walgreens downstairs!  An overpriced Walgreens of course, but a Walgreens nonetheless.    My only complaint was that the telephone line to the front desk was useless.  We tried calling on three occasions and never got to a real person despite 10-15 minutes of waiting.
5	A beautiful, beautiful hotel, with great suite sized rooms, and some of the best restaurants in Vegas.  A gondola ride or a spa treatment at the Canyon Ranch is a great way to spend your time.  Service here, however, is substandard.  It seems to take forever to get your car from the valet, and calling the front desk for anything you can expect a wait up to three hours for items.  The amenities, with a burnt orange smell, may not be for everyone, but were very nice, and I love the tub and shower.  The Venetian is following the general trend of being cheap in the name of eco-friendly, so they make you beg (and wait) for a robe instead of providing one, and don't wash or change sheets or towels unless you request it.  The beautiful furniture and art and high tech televisions and window coverings were a nice touch.
3	I had high hopes for this place, partly from what has been said and the price tag.  For my friend's bachelorette party, I booked the ~$300 a night Rialto Suite for four days and three nights. Pros:-Very impressive looking!-Spacious suite (at ~1,000 sq ft, this is larger than my apartment!)-Super comfy bed-Beautiful bathroom-Very responsive and accommodating staff -Luggage services (will hold luggage until check-in time and from check-out to airport time)A bit out of the norm for me, I actually called the hotel to make the reservation.  The rep was very friendly and helpful!  When I let her know of a competitor deal, she did work to give me a better packaged deal.Cons:-Front door does not always close all the way.  We had to make sure to slam it shut!-No "Do Not Disturb" sign included in the room.  This was tricky when we had four very partied out girls trying to sleep in, and one of us had to make a mad dash to the door to prevent housekeeping from barging in.-No vending machine on a floor with all suites!  Had to take elevator to ground floor to get bottled water!Overall, good experience, but I am not sure I would pay the same amount to stay here again.
4	I'll keep it short and sweet:The Good:- Great hotel rooms, some of the best in vegas because they are huge.- Lots of places to eat- Walgreens outside is a life savor hahaThe Bad: - Not a fan of bathroom doors that cant be locked and have a huge gap in the middle where u can clearly see inside lol- Not a huge fan of the actual casino.. probably just cuz i have bad luck there lol hopefully that changesVenetian and Palazzo are def always at the top of my list in places to stay but i still prefer the mirage over anything else...
5	I've stayed here 2 more times since my last review and I still love the Venetian!  We stayed at Palazzo and the room was perfect.  Upon check-in, we had excellent service.  We asked for a high floor room with a great view and that is exactly what we got.  There were three girls in the room and we loved how much space we had!The bathroom is luxurious with a huge tub, glass shower, two sinks, section to sit and do your makeup, and LCD TV.  Oh yea, and of couse there is the toilet.  Durr.  The layout of the suite is perfect.  You walk in and there are two SUPER comfy beds with a big flat screen.  A few steps below is another section with a huge L shaped couch and another TV.  I also loved how you have a remote to draw the curtains and shades.  This is KEY when you are hungover in the morning and can't seem to get up.  One press of the button and the 11am sunlight streams into your bedroom and you can't help but wake up. :)On top of the fabulous rooms, the hotel has so much to offer.  Fabulous shops, a fun gondola ride, and great restaurants.  I would definitely recommend staying at the Venetian / Palazzo.
3	I wish there was a 2.5 star rating, because that is honestly where I would place the Venetian. The Casino bar is less than steller, the service at the front desk is 4 out of 5, and the rooms get a 3. The Casino floor gets a 1. I feel like I go from amazing to sh1t-hole as soon as I enter the Casino. The Casino Lounge is probably my favorite spot in the whole place. I also HATE the fact that you have to walk/stumble for half a mile until you find the right elevator to take you upstairs, where you have to stumble/walk another 1/4 mile to your room. (ok so I am exagerating a little but the elevators are no where near easy excessable.) Pool is definitely packed. The bar at the pool is no bueno. Drinks were VERY watered down, just like the ones at the Casino Bar. I stayed here twice, will never stay again. The Palazzo side is nice, along with the shopping area in the Venetian, but other than those two, I'll choose to stay elsewhere.
5	My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas, that is if I'm here for business or if I get to bum off a comped room. Haha. The prices however have gone down over the past two years, so this is your chance to go for it, since the regular room is already a suite. I think rooms are going for about $140 a night these days, which is not a bad deal when compared to the nearby hotels. Also, for what you get, it's a steal! Think about it. A regular room in Midtown Manhattan is at least $200. A room like this would cost you $300+.What more do you need in a Vegas hotel? The pool is awesome. You have amazing restaurants just downstairs -- postrio, bouchon, san marcos, etc. -- shopping, late night eats at grand luxe cafe, and walking distance to all the newer hotels on the strip. Do yourself a favor, and spend the extra $$.
5	This is by far my favorite place to stay at because every room is a suite! The rooms are so spacious and have THREE, that's right, THREE televisions, one of which is in the bathroom. My favorite thing about the room is the bathroom: his and hers sinks, vanity, tub, stand up shower, toilet in its own room, and of course the TV. The first time I ever stayed here the bathroom practically became my hang out spot. The Venetian also has a great location. It's near the fashion show mall! You can cross over to the Palazzo and take the bridge to the mall. There is a Walgreen's connected to the Palazzo for your convenience as well. I suppose the Palazzo has the better location but I love both of these places just the same. My suggestion: go to their website and sign up for email promos. You can get rooms for as low as $109. Also, don't be afraid to join the players club. You can get free rooms or mad deals on rooms. One more thing then I'll shut up. There are awesome restaurants all over the damn place here. You really never even have to leave your hotel. Everything is at your disposal.
5	Holy Ravioli!  This has got to be one of the premier hotels on the planet.  Get lost on a stroll through the canals, stop to smell the anchovies and hear the chorus of street performers at any given moment.  Add to this the blue man group and tao beach and not much else is needed for an awesome vegas vacation the griswolds would be proud of.  Casino wins sold separately.
5	So i'm writing this partly because it was a nice ass hotel, but mostly to relive my weekend that i experience here 2 weeks ago. our group of 14 booked 3 rooms in the Venezia tower Bella Suite, (try to get your room right by the elevator so you don't have to walk a mile to get to your room. extremely helpful when your drunk at 6am trying to find your way back to your room cus its like a maze in there).so anyways 2 queens and a pull out couch, very spacious, high ceilings, duel sinks, ran us about 180 a night, booked a package so it might have been a little cheaper? if you plan on going to TAO, go there earlier and talk to a promoter whos usually outside, but if your ratio isn't that great then i'm not too sure because we had 8 girls and 6 guys. but we got in for free and only had to wait maybe 5-10 minutes in one of the 13 lines they had. So again, great location, right next to Wynn, i'll probably be staying at the Venetian from now on, i mean you're in Vegas, do it right or don't do it at all. see you guys there.
4	I stayed here on a Monday evening and have stayed here before but never reviewed.  This place along with Palazzo I feel have the best value of price, room quality, restaurants, shopping, and visual appeal. The only thing that keeps it from being a five star hotel is probably the customer service and the crowd. Palazzo is better in this area though.  There are also 2 separate elevators you have to take if you are staying in the venezia tower for the suites.  Room was great although I like lemon scented bath products better than the bitter orange stuff they use. Since I usually like pastry or biscotti for breakfast I really enjoyed the free continental breakfast special they had. Basically you can get all you can eat croissants, pastries, orange juice, fruit, or coffee. This place along with Palazzo are my go to places here in Las Vegas. The encore might have a slightly more luxurious room but the crowd there is for 50 year old country club types. Bellagio is a little too crowded and less of an authentic Italian design. Venetian is the best because you have the palazzo joint together with it. Go for a ride on the Gondola, stop at Illy(Palazzo)  and get a cafe mocha, and go to Bouchon for breakfast if you don't have the continental special. For $139 I don't think there is a bigger nicer room or more luxurious hotel. Would advise anyone to stay here.
5	The best poker room, some amazing french food, gondola rides, sexy shopping and heaven to live at..I wanna go back soon very soon....
5	I love that when you walk into this hotel you are greeted by the smell of roses in the air. This is my fav place to stay in Vegas because its not horribly trashy yet not to modern where you don't feel the Vegas theme.  The craps tables are very lucrative as well!
4	Just stopped in to play the slots... and check out the pool...The place is pretty impressive....Clean.. No issues with the staff....the pool was nice... we got on a guest list so there was no cost...
5	I LOVED my stay at the Venetian when i was in vegas! It was so convenient while walking down the strip.  If you ever needed anything there's a Walgreen on the right of the hotel and on the left there's a HUGE Sephora.  I love the decorations here! it looked extremely fancy and of course very pricey! But it was worth the price! I didn't like the way on how you had to enter the towers.  You had walk to the elevator (the start of the maze) and then when you got to that floor you had to get to another elevator to get to your hotel floor. It was crazy! especially when you came back from a night of dancing and drinking.. omg.. HAHA The suite we got was amazing! there were 2 beds and a couch that turns into a bed.  2 tvs all with HDs and cable (it was good when we wanted to watch the Lakers vs. Celtics final game when we were getting ready for the club).  the bathroom was awesome! HUGE mirror and a make up table with extra lighting! The casino was okay.  There's also a fast eats area that sold sandwiches, gelato, and breakfast food.The Venetian had a pool.  The pool was really nice and every area we went it was occupy with people sunbathing.  However, the pool was nice and big to swim in!I can't wait to stay here when i come back next time!
4	Impressive hotel, not very impressive "douche bag"-infested crowd. Area is filled with U of C ...... a**holes that love to yell profanities at the passing crowd of families while they wait in line for Tao Beach...ha. After safely making it up to the guest-only hotel tower areas its much better. Well, if you can find your room. The Venezia tower is a friggin maze. Its bad enough when your sober, I think people just give up trying to get back to their rooms after partying all night. The 3 elevator / transfer system takes some getting used to. A lot of people were lost, and were pushing random buttons on the elevators. The rooms were nice, reminded me of a compound I lived on in Saudi Arabia. Marble entry which extends into a huge bathroom. They just needed a bidet....and it would be exactly like a bathroom in Dubai or Riyadh. I didn't even notice the burnt out light bulbs in the room, but an employee came by to replace them after we checked in. Very detailed service.Overall, a very nice hotel, I would probably come back. Oh, and they had nutella croissants in the free expedia breakfast bar. Hell yea, pocketed some for the road.
4	I stayed here with a large group of friends in a suite connected to another suite.  We had two full bathrooms and a powder room, two living room areas, two bedrooms (one with a king, the other with two queens), two couch beds, another living space, dining room, and foyer.  This was a great idea for our group because we all had a meeting place, somewhere to comfortably keep our stuff, and plenty of bathroom space.  Our room was spotless and the maid service did a very good job of keeping the place clean.  The bathrooms were huge, especially the one off the king bedroom.  The bathtub was huge and had water jets which was very relaxing.  The toilet was closed off from the rest of the bathroom making it easier for a group getting ready.  The rooms had plenty of closet space as well.  The reason I have to take off one star is because there wasn't a kitchen in a suite that could accommodate so many people.  There was only a refrigerator and a sink.  Also, half of the stuff in the refrigerator is weight sensor and part of the minibar, so you can only use half of it really.  It would have been nice to have had at least a microwave in there.  Other than that, the room was very comfortable and had plenty of space.  The windows were huge and made the room feel a lot bigger.  The dining area was also a very good size; the table was set for four people but could have fit more people if needed.The location of the hotel itself is perfect with access to the strip, and it is in the middle of all the main action.  It's easy to get through the casino to the elevators to the rooms and the elevators are very quick.  There is a main concierge for the standard rooms and then a private concierge for suites.  I went with a few of my friend there because we were told that if you booked a suite, you can get into any other their clubs (including Tao) free of entry fees.  You have to call ahead or go to the concierge to make sure your name is on the list ahead of time.  We got in right away to Tao and had no problems, we just had to let them know our names and that we were staying in a suite.Overall, a great hotel, clean rooms, helpful service, and great location.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to someone!
5	The Venetian provides luxury like no other hotel I have ever experienced: 3 flat screen TVs, office desk with wifi, dining area, plush livingroom, spa-like bath tubs, and a king-size bed fit for a...king.The decor is flawlessly finished in old-world Italian furnishing, and all lighting is at perfect illumination for every corner of its 750 square-foot suite. That's about the size of a typical 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment.The sofa folds out as a full-size bed, transforming the lavish livingroom into another bedroom. The large window has Roman blinds and curtains that open and close via remote control near the bed. Just as you think enough is enough, the bathroom has an LCD TV so you can't miss your favorite shows while bathing.The hotel is located in the heart of the Strip, so you can walk around and experience most of Vegas without driving much. I also highly recommend the Phantom show (also at Venetian) and dinner at ALEX (see my review) which is located at the Wynn across the street.
5	Enjoyed this hotel very much, I would definitely come again. What I love most is that all the rooms here are suites. They can accommodate quite a few people in the rooms. A+ service and how soft the beds are... slept like a baby.Oh yeah the casino is not bad either, fast cocktail service and lots of comps on the tables.
5	Bombass hotel rooms.  Everything was super chill except for the greasy sex hand-print stain on the headboard above my bed.  And I kept winning at the slots baby!
1	The Venetian used to be my favorite hotel - bar none - in Las Vegas. I was there right after it opened and have continued to stay there since. As of this past weekend (July 23-27, 2010) I will no longer stay there. The Venetian is a 5-star hotel that now has 1-star clientele! I witnessed the following events: On Saturday afternoon there was the equivalent of a bar fight outside our cabana - a very drunken jerk that needed to be subdued and ejected by hotel security; on Sunday night there was a girl-fight in the casino - bystanders made no attempt to stop the fight AND, in fact, were cheering these trashy/trashed women on! Finally in the early hours of Monday morning in the suite next door to me there was an out-of-control party that involved screaming, hitting, fighting, a trashed hotel room that required police dogs and pepper spray to be extinguished. I was told by one of the hotel security officers that there were more people in that room than security officers. I complained to hotel management (David Gabildon) about all of the above and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do since I was not injured!  Not only did we rent cabanas at the Venetian this weekend but we also spent plenty on the hotel premises and the response was "we cant control how people behave". That may be true but when guests are inconvenienced and their use and enjoyment of the premises is disrupted, the hotel's response should surely be more than a shrug of the shoulders!!! Never again!!!! Venetian is no longer a luxury hotel - the rooms may be beautiful and large but who cares if you dont feel safe there!!!!!!!
4	This place is great to walk around. Anyone into art needs to check this place out.
5	Courtesy of my gf's awesome parents, we switched to a comp'd room here from Aria.I honestly feel that you can never go wrong with a room here. The best bang for your buck. I've been here several times before & have always been satisfied. Most standard rooms of any hotel is just a plain cube with beds in the middle. Here, you have a space for ur beds, and another space at a slightly lower level that is sort of like the living room of the place with couches & tables and stuff. The bathrooms are superb.Valet is the best here. The pool is also one of the best here. Tao Beach the exclusive section is nice, but slightly overrated.The Venetian is like a loyal spouse. One may go out & give other things a try, but will eventually end up coming back to it!
5	I doubt we will ever stay anywhere else!  Romantic, clean, full of the BEST restaurants.  Great food and drink choices everywhere.  The pool scene is awesome - clean, plenty of seating, great drink servers.  Didn't go to Tao Beach, but the regular pool was lots of fun.Our room was big, spotless and felt like an apartment with the sunken living room.  We were on the 33rd floor and had a great view of the pool, Strip and mountains! Can't wait to go back!
4	Cabana:  Um -  how is it that I am just learning how fantastic Cabana-ing is.  Really, you can air-condition the desert!  Great service from our cabana host, Chris, who was quick and charming.  The cabana was spacious, close to the restroom, clean, nicely stocked with cold non alcoholic drinks and fresh cut fruit.  Unless it's something you're looking for, my only advice is to request to be placed away from Tao Beach (mostly college kids and thumping techno music) but not in the smaller pool (mostly families with really little kiddies).I almost always stay and play at the Venetian/Palazzo for my frequent Vegas trips.  But this weekend (when I had many things planned) private gaming lessons, specific room requests and multiple appointments at Canyon Ranch Spa (see my separate review), all came out a little screwy.  The rooms are very nice and very spacious.  They have some of the BEST restaurants in Vegas (i.e. Cut and Bouchon).  Having a Walgreen attached to the campus is very nice.  And their late night Noodle Asia is amazing and life-saver for 3a comfort food.
5	This is my go-to resort on the strip.  The room, amenities, casino, shopping, restaurants and strip location cannot be beat.The smallest, most basic room at the Venetian is 700 square feet with three flatscreens, a sunken living room with a sectional sofa, the dining table seating three, a work desk with fax/printer and WiFi, minibar and in-room safe, a sleeping area with a king bed, a foyer with a bathroom that has two sinks, a soaking tub, glass and marble shower and a separate W/C.  Your options go up from there.Then, there is Bouchon, arguably Las Vegas' best restaurant.  And, as a guest, you can have breakfast there, poolside, every morning. If there is a group of you or if you intend to spend any amount of time at the pool, rent a cabana at the main pool complex ... don't worry you'll be able to hear Tao Beach loud and clear.  You get yet another flat screen, a sofa, a lounger, four pool deck loungers, a fridge full of soft drinks and a fruit plate, safe and DVD player.  Not to mention that the cabana itself is air conditioned (which saved us in the 110 degree heat) and at about 11:30 the misting system turns on so you needn't sweat yourself.  Cabana service is more than attentive with our host popping in to check on us every fifteen minutes or so.  Food was by Rive by Wolfgang Puck.If you're a Grazie member or good at watching for package specials, you can stay for about $100/night.
4	Love this place.. 2nd only behind The Palazzo..
1	We had a REALLY bad experience with one of the managers at the Front Desk of the Venetian during our stay.  I think his name was Chris and he is short, stubby, blond  with a cul da sac hairline.  We went to him to complain about how we were misinformed about the the pool time hours at the Venezia.  We walked all the way from the Palazzo where we were staying, to the Venezia as we were told their pool was to open until 10PM.  Because it rained that day, we even double checked to make sure that the pool was still open.  We were told it was.  So my friends and I made a very long trek over to the Venezia.  When we shared our complaint to this Chris guy, he was rude to us, did not apologize for us being misinformed.  He made it seem like it was our fault for walking there in the first place.  He even said, "I can't believe you all walked all the way here.  No one ever walks from the Palazzo to the Venezia."   Well apparently, dumb ass, people do.  He then said, "well I am not going to do anything for you."  I then told him that the front desk associate  who helped us first said that she would comp us with $25 dollar in room credit in addition to the late check out.  He gave that associate a bad look, and said to her, "Did you say that???!"  Really rude!  His attitude was appalling.  I can't believe this guy works in customer service, because his customer service skills suck!  The Venetian needs to hire people who will better represent them.   I have never had a bad experience with the Venetian until I came across this douche bag.
4	after having stayed at the palazzo a few times, even though the venetian is pretty much the same...it just doesnt compare for some reason.their main tower is way on the other side of the casino, so automatically i felt so detached from the vegas world. a lot of people like the venetian because of that since it means it will be a lot quieter and calmer. but come on. im here to party! put me near the crazies. the rooms are pretty much the same as palazzo, theyre all suites and have the sunken living room as well.. they're nice but not as new as palazzo, but still really nice for the money you pay. overall a nice hotel, and you have access to both the venetian and palazzo pools. yay for sister hotels right??
4	So lovely. So beautiful and opulent. Professional staff. World class design. Beautiful pool garden. We had a great time. It's really interesting how non-liberating and controlled Vegas is. I mean you can stay up late, drink while walking along The Strip and do a few other things which are uniquely legal in Nevada. That being said, you can't buy a stick of gum without showing your photo ID. In the hotel everywhere you go you have to show your room key. There's absolutely no physical way to jaywalk on The Strip which is painfully obvious when you're in stilettos at 1AM and your choices are to walk for miles or wait forever in a cab line. And getting into the nightclubs - even when you're in the VIP line at Tao you're roped off into crowded pens and herded like cattle. I understand the reasons for it and I appreciate that it probably shields me and thousands of other tourists from crime. Still it's an interesting contrast that's worth bringing to light.We had a great time at the Venetian. So beautiful. Our room was gorgeous. So large and lovely and comfy beds and a little living area/lounge with a comfy sofa and two flat screen TVs. The bathtub and the shower were divine. The pools were really fun. Overall we got a great value on the price because we had done a package deal so we were happy. We weren't so happy with the gotchas at check-in. For example, $17-a-day resort fee. And we had to spend $100 minimum at the hotel. Which we did - at Bouchon - and then there was a big mix-up over trying to charge stuff to our room. It also cracks me up how the hotel plays the soundtrack to Phantom of the Opera - nonstop. Over several days we practically had it memorized because the SAME songs were playing every single time we walked down the hall or got on the elevator. Nevertheless it was an overall absolutely relaxing and wonderful experience.
5	This place was awesome. It had a great food, even better service.  Drinks were great, but pricey ($13 for a martini).  My wife and I shared a combination plate and were satisfied with the size of the plate. However, if u have a big appetite, than better get our own dish. My sons burger was pretty good size and tasty. All in all, 2 dishes, 3 alcoholic drinks, with tip, a total of $105. Pricey but would go back again when in Vegas.
4	We didnt stay here but walked through the shops. I really liked the airconditioned indoor outdoor setting. The shops werent my taste, but the people watching was fun and I liked the decor. The statue people are a nice touch.
4	I was very happy to have signed up for the Venetian Hotel email newsletter when I got the special they were sending out in March 2008. I booked one of the tower suites for $179/night for a business trip to Vegas. Having stayed in many hotels in Vegas, including the Rio just a week earlier, I have to say the Venetian is my favorite so far. The rooms are enormous with ridiculously huge bathrooms, beautiful fittings and amenities, a terrific selection of restaurants within the hotel and convenient access to the Sands Convention center. The staff were professional and personable, the service what you'd expect from a high quality establishment, the decor throughout the hotel top notch. They also appointed the bathrooms very well with plush towels, robes and even thought to include Q-tips and a nail file.The only way it could have been better is if the in-room internet access were free. Well, that and the fact that getting to the tower suites is rather a trek through this giant hotel block. Several other guests got lost and decidedly irritated. The suites, however, are far enough off the strip and out of the way of the casino that the rooms are blissfully quiet.We will definitely stay at the Venetian again given the opportunity. The suites are suitably well appointed with a seating area that you could easily host a meeting or have a romantic in-room meal comfortably. (Room service is expensive.)    * Liked -- The whole hotel is magnificent and the suites well appointed.    * Disliked -- We had to walk quite a distance to get to the elevators to the suites. Signage could be improved.
5	The rooms are nice and good. The staff was friendly.  It is a nice place to stay. It can be pricey but one of my top hotels on the strip in Las Vegas.
4	Had a decent stay here for my brother-in-law's bachelor party... the rooms are quite spacious, practically identical to the Palazzo rooms, but boo to no vents in the bathroom.I like the shape of the ice here too, minor detail but whatever makes your guests happy right?The casino floor is nice as well... ran into a lot of nice dealers and waitresses... but I think the majority of the dealers don't even want to be there based on facial expression alone.Lots of accessible things in this hotel as well in terms of food.One minor complaint, our whole floor smelled like weed ALL weekend. Must be something to do with the ventilation in this hotel. I don't know if this can really be helped or not.
4	(+)-ideal location -nice big room w/ pullout sofa, ideal for a big groups(-)-no vent in the bathroom-need more mirrors in the room! -glass shower, no lock on bathroom doors-lighting is seriously crappy for doing makeupThese rooms are ideal for big groups bc you can for sure fit at least 3 girls comfortably per bed or pullout.lighting and mirror space suck but seems common (same situation at treasure island)make sure you know which suite youre in, the venezia bella suite is in the older unremodeled towers which I def did not know until we checked in. you have to take 2 elevators to get thereLocation is what makes venetian ideal, its close to most of the happening places (tao inside, xs surrender within reasonable walking distance or a cheap taxi ride over) but is cheaper than wynn/encoreDont forget the extra ~20/day resort fee which is charged after you check out
3	Overall good value, but not without it's cons. To preface, I stayed in a Bella Suite in the older Venezia Tower.I'll try and keep this review efficient...Pros:- Overall good value. Booked on hotels.com for 139/night plus 10% off, so 125/night.- Good location. Close to the "gut" of the strip. 1-2 blocks from bellagio, Caesars, Mirage, Treasure Island, etc. - Hotel is good for tourists. It has a mall (canal shops), and plenty of places to eat and hang out.- Good pool. Nothing gimmicky here, but a nice, large, sunbathed pool WITHOUT blaring techno music and without an influx of tribal tattooed party'ers drinking at 10am. This was esp. nice after staying at Mandalay Bay.- Rooms are large. All rooms are semi-suites. They have a seperate sunking living area, large bathrooms, and 2 Tv's.- Pretty fast internet-Food court in the Canal shops, good for those times you're low on cash and need to grab a decent lunch for 10 bucks or less.-Cool decor/theme.Cons:- Beds are sub-par. Not to say I couldn't get a good nights sleep, but that was more due to fatigue then the comfort of the beds. They're about the quality of a 30 dollar a night motel spring mattress.- Bella Venezia rooms need to be updated. Furniture was stained and had rips and holes.- Hotel layout and navigation was initially confusing, and took a long time. This wasn't a huge issue after we learned our way around (took about a day), but it was still an annoyance. However, I understand having big hotel conveniences means, well... being in a big hotel.- Booked 2 rooms, 2nd room was done 45 minutes AFTER check in (which is 3pm). When we finally got it, it wreaked of smoke (on a non smoking level). This is not a bash against Venetian per se, but it's still worth noting. They did rectify the situation quickly.- Room fees. At 17 bucks a night per room, and w/ 2 rooms, my fee came to almost 80 bucks at the end of a 2 night stay. Granted, I needed internet in 1 room, but not the other. It would be nice if this was optional, and I did not receive any newspaper as described. Something to consider if you think you're getting a great deal. After taxes, that room charge adds 20 bucks a night. In vegas, a 20/ night deviance can really open up your options.Overall, I would rate this place average. My expectations were somewhat high given the yelp rating and hotels.com rating. I've stayed at 6 hotels now (Bellagio,Venetian, Mirage, Caesars, Treasure Island, Mandalay Bay).. and I'm not entirely sure that I would stay at Venetian again, but if I did, it would NOT be at the Bella in Venezia. Would rather pay the extra cash for an updated room. Not that it was terrible, but it wasn't up to expectations. If I want average, i could have had it for 50 bucks less a night at Mirage or TI. Unless the rate is highly discounted (normally Venetian goes for 250 / night), I don't think it's worth the extra cash.
4	Such a beautiful hotel, but huge, huge, HUGE! Picture yourself in a maze and you're the pet rabbit trying to find the food, or in this case, your room. The hotel is divided into two towers - The Venetian and The Venetia. Service was good here and if you book for a weekday stay, you'll save a bundle! Our rate for a Thursday night was $130 with taxes. Not bad! The basic rooms are well furnished and sectioned into three main rooms. There are 3 TVs within the suite.  There are snacks provided, but there's a charge if you open them. Overall experience here was nice. Staying at the Venetian also gives you the opportunity to shop in the lower levels and watch shows at their theatre. In which we watched "Phantom" and it was quite good.
4	If The Venetian were a business hotel and not a Vegas hotel, it would get three stars.  The veneer of opulence apparent in the lobby and hallways does not reach into the individual bedrooms.  The set-up of the rooms is similar to the set-up at the Palazzo, but the Palazzo feels cleaner and newer.  The beds in my family's room wasn't great, and the covers were made of that cheap synthetic material that feels like a cross between velvet and Velcro.But - we got the room for free, and my parents aren't even high rollers.  The casino is fantastic.  It has a great poker room that doesn't take half an hour to walk to, and the dealers are friendly.  I would also like to thank the slot machines - my mom hit a $3,000 jackpot on a $1 machine, and my dad won almost a grand in around three $5 spins.The Venetian also has good restaurants and shopping, and I know the fake sky and little canal are totally hokey but I kind of love them.  I don't know if the Venetian would be my first choice to stay at again, but I had a great time and the poker room is hard to beat.
4	I know the palazzo is modeled after the venetian, but I still like the palazzo better.  The venetian's casino is rather lively, so I do come over to gamble here but I stay at the palazzo.
4	Beautiful hotel in a nice location on the strip. The suites are the winners here. Plus... The rooms are large and nicely furnished. Minus... The electrical sockets are not easy to find for recharging, and the promised TV in the bathroom didn't exist. Plus... The check-in was fast despite the long line and the food court had fast and easy eats. Minus... no coffee maker in room.  Minus... not the side of the strip I prefer to stay on. Still, a good hotel, but I would not return unless I need a suite.
4	I would give this hotel 5 stars if it wasn't for the line to check in.  After flying in and getting baggage, car, etc...you want a no hassle check in.  Unless you were a VIP guest you were waiting over an hour to check in, which to me is unacceptable.  Our room was beautiful. Service everywhere in the hotel was excellent.  We spent a lot of time at the pool and rented a cabana a couple of days and the waiter was awesome, we were very well taken care of. Room service was great, restaurants at the hotel were great.  We went to Tao Night club and really loved it. It was completely packed but we still loved  it.  We found out later if you eat at a certain restaurant you don't have to wait in line for Tao and get in free...we'll definitely do that next time we stay there.  We are constantly getting emails with great rates now from Venetian. We are looking forward to our next visit.  We also loved the sports book at the Venetian and there was a place at the Sports book where you can get pizza and chinese food that was good.  BTW - we stayed in a suite that had a sunken living room and king bed. Room was perfect.
4	I've visited Vegas many times throughout the years and this year was my first time staying at the Venetian.  The Venetian is probably my favorite hotel so far.  The lobby is absolutely gorgeous, although the fragrance they pump throughout can be a bit overwhelming.  The abundance of restaurants available to you within the vicinity (Palazzo too!) makes it impossible to leave the hotel itself - everything is very delicious (Le Bouchon is a must try).I believe all the rooms are suites at the Venetian so every guest gets the same luxurious treatment and room as the next person.  There's no selling yourself short and settling for a cheap and tiny room because that's just not the case at the Venetian.  Our room was huge, with a living room and office area.  We had 3 tvs available to us, with one being in the bathroom!  And the best part of the room?  Remote controlled shades.My only complaint would be the couch that was in our room.  It was very old and uncomfortable - all the cushions seemed to be worn.  Overall, though, I'd book my future stays here from now on.
5	This is by far the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I really have no complaints! The suite was amazing. There were 3 t.v.'s, the bed was very comfy, and the room was clean. The bathroom was awesome, it was huge and had a separate tub and glass shower. The hotel itself is huge and does take some time to figure out exactly where you are and where you are trying to get to but we didn't have that much trouble. The gondola ride they have is cool to see and the decor in the shops is pretty too. The staff at check in and check out was pleasant.Would definitely recommend staying here if you come to Vegas. We will definitely stay here again when we return. The hotel has a great location on the strip with easy access to treasure island and the mirage. It's also fairly close to Caesars palace and the bellagio.  The casino inside the Venetian was actually our favorite as well.
5	Great hotel, great location, large rooms. Lots of things to do around the hotel and the grand lux restaurant is a treat affordable place to eat with a large menu. It's basically a cheese cake factory rebranded.
2	IMHO..not a 5* class hotel. (We're staying here as I write the review), its more like 3.75*. The rooms show their age and the housekeeping doesn't pay attention to detail (like we found several broken lights when we arrived, ripped bedding, etc...). The check-in is a bottleneck nightmare (as is finding the check-in desk if you hit the wrong valet spot, there are 2 valet locations...). The pool area is like spring break on steriods (good if you are 21, not so good if you are trying to get any relaxation in and are not 21..). We rate it 3* due to the lack of  upkeep, the hotel "lost" our hotel reservation @ check in, poor directions for valet, and the lack of control by mgt from toasted non-hotel guests visiting Tao who clog elevators and "wander" around the room areas. We plan to take our business elsewhere for future trips.
4	love the suites here! not only are they big and spacious but they are comfortable! you can never go wrong with a room here. the beds and soft and plush. the couch just sleeping on it is comfortable. the only drawback, is i hate the smell of tao....it always makes me feel nauseous after walking past it.
3	Stayed at the Venitian over Labor Day weekend.  I knew it would be crowded but there is a beach bar that outsiders can pay to get into and also use the hotel pool.  It was PACKED!  Had to get to the pool at 8:00am in order to get a lounge.  Also, all pool seating is in the shade most of the day, except for a small area.  Rooms were ok, furniture in living area needs to be cleaned.  Probably won't stay here again but it is a fun place to tour.  Food at all the Wolfgand Puck restaurants in the hotel was very good.
4	I've been to Vegas many times before and spent too much time in the bars/clubs to enjoy some of the simple pleasures sin city has to offer. This is one of those. It's not earth shattering or an amazing experience like Ka or Charlie Palmer Steak, but it's a very chill, fun and cool experience that I would highly recommend. Also, the amount of fun depends entirely on your "driver" so it's a bit of a crap shoot. I think they said the ride would last 20 minutes, but it felt closer to 15 tops. Our "driver" was awesome! He was funny, chill, had a great voice and was a real Italian! Which made it that much more enjoyable when he sang not 1 not 2 but 3 songs for us!! $16 if you can handle sharing the gondola with 2 others or $65 for a romantic ride with just you and your sweet cheeks. Although, the course is a bit crowded so it's common to ride by other groups so keep your clothes on folks.
4	UPDATE:  So after I posted a negative (not mean though) comment on the Venetian's Facebook page, I immediately got a private FB message and a call on my cell phone from someone from their guest relations!  Mind you I posted this FB message around 10-11 PM, and by 10 AM the following morning, they were already contacting me!  So I told the guest relations rep what exactly happened with that rude manager with the cul da sac hairline.  She apologized profusely.  Then she saw in the computer that I would be returning to the Palazzo in September.  I told her it was for my honeymoon.  So she told me she would not only,  upgrade my suite, but also let us check in through the "Invited Guests" counter.  Super cool!  Anyhow, when we checked in, we were greeted with gourmet chocolates on our table with a note of well wishes.  Okay, Venetian, I forgive you and we are friends again.  LOL!
1	well we heard nice things about the hotel and my son reserved a few nights. He has horrible experience of having his IPOD stolen. He was the only one who had a key to the room. that leaves the cleaning people. Hotel Has not own up to it and gave my son a run around. I do not recommend this hotel. obviously their security is very poo.
2	Room = 5 StarsService = 2 Stars      The service here is hit or miss.  I don't expect a mega resort to deliver      consistently spectacular service but this place has some unhappy       employees.  I experience much better, happier, and consistent       people at the Wynn.
4	3.75 stars, truth be told.It was quite interesting to stay at the Venetian after having stayed at Palazzo so many times.  It was like going back in time to see the original designs; I kept comparing the rooms to see what the Palazzo had upgraded when it was built.  Pretty much everything.The rooms are strikingly similar.  Where the Venetian has the wrought iron "divider" between areas, the Palazzo has a marble-esque "bench" where you can actually sit or put some stuff.  The Venetian's TVs are smaller (so not a big deal), the beds are in a worse state (comes with being older, I suppose), and the tower is smaller (so the views aren't as good).  What is better, I'd say, is the bathtub.  I'm a sucker for a soaking tub and, while the Palazzo's is awesome, no question, Venetian's has this little shelf in the tub so your arms can rest underwater.  It's a small detail, but I like it =)What I perceived as the main difference between the two, really, was the amount of people.  It was Labor Day weekend and every place was crowded, but Venetian was a madhouse. People everywhere.  That, and the shorter ceilings, makes one feel a bit claustrophobic at times.  Palazzo is less crowded and chaotic.  I like that a bit better.  At the end of the day, however, my rooms are free, so who cares?  We'll be back (but probably at Palazzo)!
3	I'd give it 5 stars, if we were judging purely on the room and facilities. The room itself was palatial, clean, comfortable, etc.  Pool is fantastic. But I knock it down because of the staff, or lack thereof. They need more staff! I had to wait in line 25 minutes to check in ( I know this is Vegas with a huge volume of people, but there was plenty of unstaffed registration windows). I waited on hold for 15 minutes for housekeeping, gave up after 20 minutes of waiting on the phone for the Front Desk. Also, their in-room WiFi didn't support the iPod Touch.
4	I stayed at the Venetian the last time I went on a Vegas trip with the family. There are five of us in the family and the Venetian was a perfect hotel to accommodate us. When we arrived in Vegas, our room wasn't ready. It was super busy that weekend because of Independence Day. The room we had had two beds, 1 L shaped pull out sofa bed, 2 HDTVs, walk-in closet and a bathroom with a bath/shower. The bathroom even had a TV in there. Sweet!  Don't knock over the water or candies sitting on your dresser as they are magnetized and will charge you a lot of money for things you can pick up downstairs cheaper.The rooms are far enough away from the casino and in order to get into the room area, you have to flash your room card key. There are different choke points of where you can enter to get to your room. Elevators are the only way to you room and there are enough of them so you don't have to wait. Watch out for the drunk people stumbling in. I was in the elevator and this guy had to be held up by his friends because he was that hammered. The casinos are nice and so is the pool. You can eat at the Grand Lux Cafe or you can go see the Blue Man Group. Make sure you get their players card to get points on whatever. I enjoyed their sports booking area, with large HDTVs and up to date sports scores. The first night I placed my bet on Brock Lesnar to win and won money that night! The prices vary and you can get a good deal if you go on off days and not weekends. Free parking in their parking garage. Just remember where you park. We made the mistake of forgetting and took us 30 min to find our car to go home.
4	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend in the Venezia tower. The hotel is such a beautiful place, I wanted to look at everything! We stayed in a Luxury King Suite in the Venezia tower, it was a really nice room but it was hard to find it! It's kind of confusing how it is set up because we had to take an elevator to the second lobby and take another elevator up to the room. Getting out of the place took us 15 minutes! The room itself was really nice big bathroom with a full tub and shower. There was a sunken living room which had a desk, dining table, two lounge chairs, and a sofa that pulled out into a double bed which was nice. The Venezia tower also has a secluded garden with two pools and two spas which was nice because there wasn't too many people there when we went. Also, it was between the two towers so there was a lot of shade when we went before lunch. I would definitely stay here again but hopefully we get a room that's not too hard to get to!
4	Just recently turned 21 and came here as a first official trip to Vegas. Booked my room thru Travelocity.com and def. saved alot of money as opposed to booking directly from the hotel.  We stayed at a Bella suite inside the Venetia towers located on the fourth floor.  Didn't have much of a view from the window ( saw a parking lot), but the room was cool.  It came with 2 beds and a pull out sofa which is great if you're trying to fit in some extra people.  Lots of great places inside the Venetian hotel like: TAO night club, Grand Lux, and Bouchon.  Check in time is 3pm, and check out time is 11am.  P.S.  for check out, you can check out thru the TV!  I didn't know this until my friend told me (I'm thinking), it def. beats staying in line!
5	This hotel is in a great location.  I love the rooms, I think they are the biggest regular guest rooms around.  The actual hotel is amazing as well.  It has the best steak restaurant I have even ate at and you just can't go wrong with a river running though the inside.
3	This review is about the gondola ride & the bar in the casino that is closest to the gondolas:The gondola ride is fun! The gondoliers are usually pretty entertaining as they float you through the shopping area of the casino.The bar on the casino floor nearby there is extremely slow. We had 30 minutes to kill before our gondola ride, and it took them 25 minutes to serve us a round of beers. I've never been to a slower bar in my life.
4	Stayed at the Venetian during my stay in Las Vegas and thought it was a wonderful place to stay with a great location. We had everything we could ask for and more! The room was magnificent (we got a suite in one of the towers). It had 2 queen beds and a sofa sleeper in the living area with 2 separate TVs. The bathroom was gorgeous with a shower and a tub and everything was spotless.We ordered room service, which was amazing (mozarella sticks, quesadillas, bruschetta, and belinis :)). Everything was top notch quality and top notch service.Lastly, everything is located in the Venetian! They have the casino (obviously), shops, food, Tao Restaurant/Tao Club/Tao Beach, and more pools, it's huge! Definitely amazing...The -1 star rating is due to the fact that we got the last room in the corridor (great for not getting called for making noise, but bad to walk to). We had to walk down 4 very long corridors just to get to our room every time. It is probably due to this and the size of the Venetian that the room service takes long to be delivered (about 45 to 1 hour).  Would definitely consider staying here again on my next visit.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas, and probably one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in, period.  They often run great deals on the standard suites, which are awesome.  Remote controlled shades and curtains on the windows; separate sitting rooms; deliriously comfortable beds; two sinks in the bathroom; and (best of all) luxuriously deep soaking tubs.The casino is nice, but the shopping and food are nicer.  Lots of great stuff at the Grand Canal shops -- a personal favorite is Basin White, which sells awesome bath products.  Buy a couple of bath bombs there, and take advantage of the soaking tub!  For food, try brunch at Bouchon by the 10th floor pool.  For quicker breakfast to go, try chocolate croissants at the Bouchon Bakery near the hotel elevators.  For dinner, try Canaletto (get the roasted pear ravioli) or Postrio (by Wolfgang Puck -- try the meatloaf).
1	After they cancelled my reservation for no reason, embarrassing me in front of my group, I will never stay here again.  Sad,cause it was my favorite hotel and recommended it highly to all who were coming to Vegas.
1	Am I that out of sync with other Yelp reviewers, or is someone planting reviews?  Or, how many of the 4- and 5-star reviews were written by people who stayed there for free? Unlike many other reviewers, we paid more than $500 for two nights this week, and we were extremely disappointed.If you're thinking of staying there and you are the one paying the bill, you should know:They charged my card as soon as I made the reservation.The lobby is loud and chilly. To get to our room, we had a long walk through the casino (also very cold all the time) to the elevator and another long, icy walk to the room. The first key cards we got didn't work.The room had used dental floss on the floor and a used band-aid next to the bed. We complained to housekeeping and were told, "I'm sorry. Do you need anything else?"We couldn't use the fridge because it was crammed full of their stuff for sale. There was a display in front of the TV of those small, $9 boxes of snacks sitting on sensors so they can charge you automatically if you pick one up. We knew better than to pick them up, but one of the spots was already empty! We told the front desk, and so far we haven't been billed for it.They had signs in the room saying they wouldn't change the bed every day so they could save water--but the toilet ran the whole time we were there. Also, there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom.The view was of roofs and backs of buildings.A sign on the desk said Internet access was $12.95 a day.The "$150 in resort extras" we got  were 2-for-1 drink coupons and 20% off restaurant & spa coupons, none of which we were interested in using.I'm serious--an $80-100 a night Best Western or Comfort Inn would have been far more comfortable--we'd have been able to park near the room, it would have been clean, we could have used the fridge, we wouldn't have to worry about being charged for snacks by mistake, and we would have had free Internet access and breakfast.
5	hands down the BEST hotel to stay at on the strip... I have nothing bad to say... go watch PHANTOM of the OPERA... it's the most romantic opera at the most romantic hotel in vegas... go go GO!!!
5	One of the best places to take a walk around and look at the amazing decor at the malls. Great place for photos and all. There's a gondola ride for families and couples that loop around and also home of the famous Tao and Tao Beach. We stayed at the Palazzo, which is the "little sister" of the Venetian, and it was still nice. One of the safest hotels I've stayed at. There's a armed security officer waiting  to check your room card when you're heading to your room.
2	I've stayed here multiple times over the years.  I think this hotel's best years are behind it.  Recently, I stayed in the Venezia tower.  I noticed that the rooms are looking aged, the interior decor is outdated, and most importantly -- getting to the room is nearly impossible, like walking through a maze.  I also noted some issues with the service.  They still have some good restaurants, and the vibe is still nice and relaxing...but I have a feeling I'll stay at one of the newer hotels next time.
5	The Venetian is one of only three of the main casino resorts that've been awarded the AAA FIVE DIAMOND award, which only 0.25% of hotels earn.  The rooms are hugh at this all suite hotel.  Great for after parties.
5	The Venetian has never done me wrong. I absolutely love it. Anytime I go to Vegas, I always check accommodations with the Venetian first.I feel like a total prince when I stay here. First off, the interior is jaw-droppingly stunning. And most importantly, the rooms are effin' top notch and the staff is helpful and will bend over backwards to make your stay as great as it can be.Checking in is a breeze, despite how crazy long the line looks - it moves quickly. Parking and valet are free.The concierges work like magic to get things set up for you.Overall, yeah, cough up a few extra bucks to stay here. It's Vegas, go big or go home. You can stay at a Holiday Inn Express anywhere else.
4	This is my other favorite hotel in Vegas.  The check-in area isn't quite as nice, especially when you consider that invited guest check-in is just a small podium (compared to Mandalay Bay's separate lounge).  However, the rooms are quite a bit nicer and very comfortable.  Finally, you don't have to watch TV sitting in bed!  Venetian gives you a separate sitting area and a separate TV from the bedroom area.  Mrs. C really likes the small stool and make-up table in the bathroom as well.  I think the food choices are also pretty good at Venetian.  There are 2 different food courts if you want something quick, or just want to run downstairs and bring food back to your room.  There's also Grand Lux Cafe.  I have been to Bouchon twice, and it was ok - maybe French Laundry s just an entirely different experience because you're in Napa Valley.Two more great things about staying at the Venetian: you are centrally located on the Strip and very walkable to Forum shops, Fashion Show mall and many other hotels.  If you had a race between walking and driving from the Venetian, I'd bet that the person walking would win.  Also, guests at the Venetian get 50% off a day pass at Canyon Ranch Spa, and Mrs. C went crazy when she got to experience that place.  I get to gamble, and she gets to hang out at a super fancy spa.  Everyone wins!
4	The Venetian is a very elegant hotel.  A few years ago, I stayed in a room that was very elegant and the perfect setting for lingerie photos.  Although it was certainly great, I'm reserving 5 stars for some of the most absolute luxury hotels where I've stayed.
4	My visit to The Venetian was in September 2008 (delayed review), my husband was there for a trade show and since I had never been to Vegas I tagged along! the pool was not crowded in the least and the pool staff was very nice and attentive. The location on the strip can't be beat. There is so much to see just in The Venetian and The Palazzo, but it was just a short walk from Mirage, Caesars and the Bellagio. We ate at a 2 of the restaurants in house and both were delicious, Tao and AquaKnox. The rooms were a great size, couches and beds both were comfy. I really partook in everything I could. Bubble bath (divine) Trip to the gym (huge and well equipped, although a little confused why we had to pay an additional fee to use it) lunches at Canyon Ranch (highly reccommend the spinach salad, 2 years later I still remember how yummy it was) My husband worked all day and schmoozed all night, but I assured him everything was top notch!While we were there we went to see the Blue Man Group show. The ticket people were very helpful and even though it was kind of last minute they managed to hook us up with seats in the second row, we were so close I could see individual drips of paint!I enjoyed my stay and the next time I went back with some friends to Vegas we stayed at Palazzo and I was just as happy with that hotel! Way to go with your hotels!!
4	Showing it's age a little in the main hotel, but the Venezzia Tower is really cool and many people don't even know about it. The newer Palazzo is also great, but about the Venetian...The hotel does a good job of emulating much about its namesake in Italy with beautiful frescos on the ceilings and a very cool indoor canal that snakes along the middle of the shopping esplanade upstairs above the casino floor.The Canal shops feature lots of touristy and some useful shops and a wide variety of restaurants from gelato and pretzel bars to Wolfgang Puck. Kids should be well entertained with all there is to see and do and adults can enjoy the shows and shopping. Be sure to catch Blue Man Group if you have not already seen it. It's a great show.I love the sprawling convention space here and have attended and spoken at events and everything went very well. Staff is professional. Food is mediocre at the Grand Luxe and actually not very good at all in the food court, but that is the thing with a lot of food courts right?Overall a nice experience. Rooms are showing their age with worn carpets and furnishings, so I rarely stay in the main building any more, but still once or twice a year. I say go for Venizzia or Palazzo for relatively the same money.
3	The weirdest parking garage at a casino ever. It was so packed that we had to go to the top- but the elevator doesn't reach that level. Coming back- you have to go to the next to the last level, and walk up there. It was confusing. Why the heck did they design this parking lot so poorly? It is so complicated to get a parking space that we haven't been here in years. It's also very small. I've heard that employees have a hard time finding a parking spot as well. There is only one store I like anyway- Dooney & Bourke. Yes, the gondola ride is neat but it's $15.00 each for a ten minute ride, with singing. I guess if you were to do this once, it'd be ok. It's kinda pricey, I'm just saying. I will say that the casino is pretty, though.
1	So you know when u have a close friend, and they treat you really special and you visit them couple times and spend loads and loads of your money on them. And one day you hit them up, and they don't seem to remember all the fun times you had there??? Wont you be livid?Well my bf and me stayed there twice in recent past, and for the most part had an amazing time together. However, we just tried to plan another trip, and when my boyfriend went over his points with the lady over the phone, he was told that his points seemed to be too low to get to the next level. When put on hold she had conferred with a manager who had then stated that the only recorded play time was 30 minutes.... 30 minutes?!?!?!?! on a four night stay? And this was all that was shown on both trips. The manager wasn't helpful at all either.Like we've spent a ton of money  gambling, dining, shopping. WTF!!So there you go. That's it, they can't do anything for us.So Outrageous. Am going back in the end of Oct and never going to set foot in there again.
4	My boyfriend and I try to frequent The Venetian as much as possible but it can get pricy for a couple of college students. However, a couple months ago, being a player's club member, he received an outstanding offer that we could not pass up. For $199/night on the weekends and $119 on a weekday, the Venetian offered complimentary Phantom/Blue Man Group Tickets (the best seats in the house, btw), $50 game play, free admission and drinks at LAVO & Tao (with your play tickets), and food & drink discounts. Needless to say, we booked that trip fast. Vegas MUST be struggling to be handing out deals like these!Our trip was immaculate, as expected. The Venetian houses suite rooms with a fridge, two tvs, extremely comfy beds, a HUGE bathroom with vanity, standing shower, and tub. It's one of the few times that I don't mind staying in a hotel room ALL day because of the amenities that it offers. You'll get bathrobes in the bathroom and even a little box with a sewing kit, nail file, q-tips, shower cap, and cotton pads. Hey, I'm big on the little things. The hotel is just gorgeous and it made it very convenient to have everything all in one place. We seldom had to leave the hotel to shop, club, or drink. Overall, I would definitely recommend the Venetian to anyone who is willing to spend a little more for luxury.
3	Although this hotel is absolutely gorgeous and elegant, I am not impressed with establishments that treat guests who book through discount sites like second class citizens. At check in, when the lady realized we booked through Hotwire, her tone immediately changed and acted like we were less than deserving of 5 star treatment.....even though we ended up paying close to the hotel's original rates after the taxes and resort fees! We stayed in the newer Venetian Tower, and despite the poor guest service, our room was beautiful and spacious. It was so nice to have a living area with a separate TV, desk and dining table. The couch had obviously seen better days, but overall the room was spotless. Great room for a family!
5	I always have a fabulous stay at the Venetian!  Every Vegas trip that comes along, I try to push for everyone to agree on booking rooms at this hotel.  I've stayed here 3 times and I've never had a bad experience.  The Venetian Bella Suite is stunning - beautifully decorated, immaculate, and very spacious.  During our last stay they upgraded us to Venezia Bella Suites so we could have connecting rooms for our large party.  The service is phenomenal and they never fail to impress.  Yes, the cost of the rooms are on the higher end, but it is totally worth it.
3	I think I've moved on from the Venetian.  While it is still a very nice place to stay at, the last 2 times I've been, I was a little disappointed in overall upkeep.  I mean it's nothing bad compared to the 3-4 stars on the strip but for 5 star price, you expect a certain 5 star quality.  I found the carpet to be a little dirty and the concierge experience a hit or miss.  I would call to ask about getting on the club guest list for Tao and one person would say no and give me attitude and talk about how it's a busy weekend and nothing is free.  I would hang up and call back and the next person would be totally nice and add us to the list.  Weird.  Also another weird thing is they charge you to bring you hot water.  I thought i remember them having coffee pots before.  Encore is my new love.  Good bye forever.
4	its expensive and plan to spend some money when you are here...its addictive how beautiful and appealing EVERYTHING is...when i went, i spent a day in the spa which is pretty amazing...the massage therapists did a great job with our side-by-side massages. there are free yoga classes if you are interested too. pretty cool.what's really great is that its basically attached to a mall and so you can spend the entire length of your stay without ever stepping outside its walls...its got the grand lux cafe downstairs which is delicious.they also accidently overbooked my room and upgraded it to a bigger one. its HUGE. i could do cart wheels repeatedly in the room and still have room too land a backwards hand spring. awesome. there's a sitting room and a bar in the room. love it.if you got the cash flow, definitely stay here. i recommend it.
5	WOW, is all I can say about The Venetian. It completely stole my heart. The decor, the design, the feel of the place. I am making this casino a more frequent stop on my next trip. I saw The Blue Man Group here and was blown away by the beautiful ceilings and even where you valet your car is so ornate and drool-worthy. I could look around for hours. A+
4	I've stayed at Venetian numerous times.  I like the Suites here and at the Palazzo.  I would generally give Venetian an overall 5 stars...except this particular trip someone busted the window of my rental car in the parking structure and took my GPS unit..Okay I know I should have hid the damn thing...but still...where is all that security ... It's a nice place to gamble...with friendly dealers and lots of slots, video poker and everything else...Great restaurants and more...
1	Even though we were guests of a gentleman that owns a restaurant in the hotel, we were still treated horribly. I wonder how they treat regular guests at this place.
3	Comfortable rooms and very large bathrooms.
4	Admittedly, I am a fan of the Venetian/Palazzo. I was there for Palazzo's soft opening and had the opportunity to be the first to sit at a few of the Palazzo dealers' tables. The Venetian/Palazzo are my favorite casinos. As for hotel, Palazzo is the newer of the two so for a fresher, newer hotel, I would suggest staying at the Palazzo. I am not a big fan of staying at Venetian. As for gambling, Venetian tends to be more fun in my opinion. I like the congested, excitable feel of the Venetian. The Palazzo tends to be more spacious, open, and less exciting.As for comps, the last couple of years I get the impression the hosts haven't been as generous. I am not sure though since my betting average has tapered down.  I still get my fair share of comps for restaurants and tickets, but I don't think I would get that stuff if I stayed there. My suspicion is they would use my comps for room nights and I would be SOL on the amenities. I really don't know anymore I stopped staying there. The hosts always ask me if I am staying there, when I say no, then they calculate how much they can comp me for whatever. I never really had a permanent host here 'cause I can get everything from the host station.As for decor, I definitely suggest spending time to walk around. I think the architecture is great at the Venetian (I really don't know much about architecture, but it is visually pleasing to me). The atmosphere is relaxing. I am not a big fan of shopping, but the Grand Canal Shoppes area is definitely nice for taking a stroll. As for the employees, I have never, ever had a problem with any of the employees such as dealers, hosts, and wait staff. They have been great to me ever since I started going there.
5	Rooms are just awesome!  So spacious and beautiful... I'd stay here more often if if was a little cheaper...
5	It is my favorite place to be. I love it. The interior design is magnificent. I love the indoor boat ride!. love everything about it. im in love with venetian.
4	Venetian (and the corresponding Palazzo) is an excellent hotel: nice rooms; one of the best collection of shops, clubs, and restaurants under one roof in the world, etc.. On first impressions, one might think this competes for a place in the upper echelon of vegas hotels with Wynn/Encore and Bellagio. BUT there are many little things that prevent it from this status. For instance, the lines at checkin are more disorganized, you order room service in the morning and they say its a two hour wait, you order three towels to be brought to the room and they say they can only bring two. Lastly, while the hotel is one of the most impressive architectural structures ever built, it lacks the inspired vigor of the Wynn and Bellagio. A case in points is arguably the hotel's central feature, The Grand Canals. Certainly impressive and entertaining having canals run through the hotel. But also, somewhat derivative and gimmicky. On the other hand, the Bellagio and Wynn's "gimmicks" are unique and inspired: the awe inspiring fountains that grace Lake Bellagio's waters every 15 minutes and the unparalleled large-scale elegance of the Wynn. The Venetian is fantastic, and worth the stay - but it  is not in vegas' upper echelon.
5	the architectural design of this place is magnificent like little venice and old italian mansions.  The room is so spacious and work of art as well..I dont gamble but i love to shop!!!
5	The venetian is beyond amazing. If you can get a good travel package it can be absolutely worth your time.In addition to that, the rooms are awesome, and the location is great - you're at the beginning of the strip and the strip is walkable, so that makes things incredibly convenient. The rooms have fantastic views of the sunrise/sunset too.Service is fast. We had a problem with our showerhead leaking and they came up to fix it in an hour or so. Same thing with extra towels.While the hotel deserves a 5, the venetian (stores) deserve a 2. Every store in that venetian "little italy" shopping area is a: incredibly pushy and b: typically overpriced (unless it's retail in which price might be normal for Chicago).These people are more pushy than folks at a flea market and try to fleece you just as fast. It's a total tourist trap and while the food and restaurants are excellent, the gondola ride and fake ceiling are both cheesy and confusing on your body, respectively.When you're walking back to your room at 2am and you' re in a well lit area made to look like daytime and it's buzzing with activity, it tends to throw off your internal sensors like a bear in hibernation being out of hibernation mid-winter.
5	After visiting and staying here several times, I have finally decided to write a review. The rooms or suites are not really a full suite in the traditional sense but are an extra space of a mini living room area at the back of the room. But, that extra space is a nice luxury. I love the interior mall for shopping of course and all the good restaurants that one can choose from. The service is impeccable. Will definitely return to stay again and again...
4	I had one of the best times of my life here. First of all I got to be A COMPLETE princess in the suite I stayed in. Drinks and food were readily available and of course, there was cable TV, but who watches TV in Vegas? No, im serious, who the he** does that? Hahaha. Later on, I  got pampered and everything! I love my slippers and my bath robe and liked that no one minded I was out like that as well. A few days later, when it was time to say goodbye and go back home, I got a fruit basket when I left. The view from my room was unforgettable. Room service was incredible and everyone was incredibly friendly!
5	We stayed at Venetian Tower last week for 2 nights, and the room was amazing! It was so beautiful and it is gonna be always our favorite. Every room is a suite room in Venetian. Our room was very clean. There were total 3 TV in the room we were in and our room was the most basic room only. There was 1 TV in the living room, 1 TV in the bedroom, and 1 in the bathroom! What a luxury we had. The L-shaped couch was very comfortable in the living room. There was a coffee table as well as a dinning table, and also a working desk! wow, I wish my home would have been that nice too! It's definitely a 5-star luxury and enjoyment.The bathroom was great too, very spacious (the whole room is spacious actually). They provided bath salt for use, very nice. The shower pressure was good. They also provided nice and comfy robes for use. We had a great relaxing time in Venetian and would stay there again next time we go to Vegas. We could also get to Palazzo through the pool deck. So we could swim at the Venetian pool as well as the Palazzo pool. The pools were all nice and beautiful. The water was heated so you won't get cold during cooler or colder days.We love Venetian hotel rooms and recommend it to everyone. It's a great room for honeymoon, vacation and relaxation. It made us not wanting to go anywhere else and stayed in the room as much as we could.
4	The Venetian was the best 2 bed w a living space area room  so far. We had a nice few. The elevators were always ready for use. The only thing about this section of the hotel is that you have to take two elevators to get to the rooms. When checking out, try to do that as early as possible because it gets crazy busy! But they also have express checkout, where they email you. Overall, loved the Venetian... The shops and the food =)
4	Love this hotel. Great rooms, with plenty of entertainment, nice places to eat, shop and gamble - all in one place. A bit pricey for where I usually stay in Vegas but got a comped room so glad I got to experience it!
5	I love this as much as I love the Palazzo. Love the rooms and LOVE the atmosphere (minus the tourists, but they go everywhere) and Bouchon is BOMB. Phantom of the Opera is the best, I've seen 3 times. The original Venetian shops were Burberry, Jimmy Choo, and Lior. I love Lior but i'm not sure if it's still there because even though I've stayed there recently, I haven't been to the Venetian forum shops because I hit up the Palazzo's Barney's. Love Barney's. Anyways, love the Venetian. I love the pools. You can also buy swishers in the 10th floor lobby. A great hotboxing hotel! All the rooms are suites, as well. Classy atmosphere, I like this better than the Bellagio, that's forsure.
4	We stayed at the Venetian for four nights earlier this month.Overall, I liked this hotel. It's beautiful, from the grand entrance to the shoppes. The rooms are huge, with the sunken living room area and marbled bathroom. The shoppes are nice, there are tons of restaurants and gaming, and you can also walk over to the Palazzo for their shops. You really don't need to leave the hotel complex unless you are attending a show at a nearby hotel. Everything you need is here.The downside, or things that I didn't like: The towels were terrible. This is a five star hotel, so I was expecting better. The mattress wasn't great either. The televisions got bad reception (I know, I know, who is in Vegas to watch tv?). The tap water is terrible, so plan on buying bottled. The hotel is really inconvenient to the monorail.However, the staff is really friendly and accommodating, and it is a very visually striking hotel. We did have a very nice time there and would probably recommend it to a friend.
4	I gave them five stars last time, but because of some the hassles, I had to detract one. I got a fantastic deal (via the players club) and so booked four nights. I arrived and received my room key in a timely manner and headed to the elevators. Once on our floor (2nd or 3rd?), I was uncomfortable. I instantly felt like the shunned guest--the one who got the deep (but awesome) price on a room at a five star joint. I entered the room and my uncomfortableness paid off. The place was terrible. I opened the windows and discoverd that my view was of air conditioner vents and walls. Yay. I'm not a view-snob, but this sucked. I sensed that the room was "off", but it wasn't until after I saw the dry urine on the toilet room wall and scoped the empty mini-fridge that I realized that my living room wasn't sunken. An unsunk living room? At the VENETIAN??? I don't think so. A quick text to my boss lended me the courage to contact the front desk where I was quickly given a new room on the 9th floor. This room was fabulous, complete with a full view of the pool area and a partial of the strip. Now that I was in my fantastic room, I wanted to re-live my last room service experience. I couldn't find the menu, so I contacted the desk and they said someone would come up with one. Hours later I returned to my room to find nothing, and so called again. This time I was told that the ENTIRE Venetian tower was OUT of room service menus and that my only choice was to call the kitchen direct for menu items. Really? I wasn't about to let this one go, because I feel like I have the right to pay too much for food delivered to my room! So I crawled the ladder until I got a nicer lady and presented the following idea to her: go to the Venetian website and print out the menu for me. She did, and a very unhappy concierge guy brought to my room. The room service wasn't as great as last time. The room was as terrific as I had expected, and even better since they replaced that godawful orange scented shampoo and soap with some stuff so great that I raided the maid cart. I don't know if it was there last time and I was oblivious, but there are two shops in the Venetian that offer liqour, water, and other necessities, and they are apparently open 24 hours. Pricy though.
4	I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and I wanted to stay at the Palazzo again but could only get comped at the Venetian.  While I much prefer the Palazzo, the Venetian is a worthy older sibling.  Service at check in was excellent and the rooms themselves are huge as always.  The Venetian does feel a bit older but still very comfortable nonetheless.One of the complaints I have about the Venetian is the layout.  It's a veritable maze to try find your way around the place.  It's huge and getting from the parking lot, the casino, or your room is always a hike.  The Palazzo is set up a lot better in my opinion.  One other minor complaint was that there was no robes at The Venetian.  Other then that, the amenities are comparable to the Palazzo.All in all, another enjoyable experience.  As I said in the beginning, I would rather stay in the newer Palazzo but the Venetian is a mighty fine back up.
4	Honestly, you can not step foot outside The Venetian and have plenty of things to do during your stay in Vegas!I stayed here with 4 other girls..yup all in one suite and it was great. We originally had a suite in the venezia tower but we slipped the concierge a $20 and asked to be in the venetian tower (more updated rooms) and our request was given to us and we were upgraded. The rooms are SOO nice and it was a ton of fun staying there. Yes there is a lot of walking, but since when is there not a lot of walking in Vegas? Honestly, don't complain! The only annoying thing is perfume they have going through the main lobby area is overpowering, but you really don't deal with that too much, and after a couple of nights out, you are walking back to your hotel and the familiar smell creeps up on you and you just get this "ahh im home" feeling and up to your hotel suite you go, until the next day!
4	GREAT LOCATION, beautiful casino (don't like to gamble here though I lose SO MUCH MONEY -_-) and the rooms are nice!! pricey but a good place to stay for big groups because it's conveniently located near all the poppin' clubs :)
4	I just came back to reality after an amazing trip to Vegas this past weekend. We stayed in the Venezia Tower Suites and had the best that Vegas had to offer...You can read other reviews, as well as check out the photos of the suites and see that this place is pretty fancy inside and out. There were a couple things that I feel they need to do, granted these are just minor things, but everyone has the ability to improve. 1) Ice machines. It is like a maze to find them, and there is only one on each floor. That may sound like enough, but when you take a walk around this building, you can understand my frustration. There were countless times we just drank our liquor at room temperature because we couldn't find the damn thing. If you're listening Venetian, hook a sistah up with some more ice machines. Or at least signs helping to find the one treasure on the map.2) Mini Bar. Can we just have a mini fridge without being charged for everything in the bar when remove your items?? Luckily the receptionist warned me or I would have been rather upset if they charged for everything in the mini bar. She explained that they are weighted in, and once removed your card on file is automatically debited. Yikes!!Other than those two minute details, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Venetian. The pool looked absolutely stunning, and I was hoping to take a dip in it, but it was far too cold when we went... That only means one thing. I shall have to return!
3	The Venetian is pretty nice. The decor is nice. The rooms are pretty standard from what I remember--and sorry, I don't remember much because I wasn't exactly sober the entire weekend. Oops...I really hate that you have to walk hella days just to get anywhere in the hotel! The casino areas can get quite crowded, even to the point where you have to start holding hands with the people you are with. The Grand Canal Shoppes are pretty cool--it always feels like midday. The gondola ride is a waste of money unless you can get your gondolier to sing you Italian opera. I've gotten lucky and had them sing arias to me both times I've ridden them.If you plan to stay at the Venetian be prepared to walk around a lot. I know that in Vegas, walking around is expected, but methinks the Venetian is designed to confuse people so they walk around more and buy more shit. Be careful!
5	I haven't stayed at any high-class hotels while in Vegas before, but wow, the Venetian was amazing. Our room/suite had comfortable beds, nice couches, and televisions in both the bed area and seating area! It's classy, comfortable, and with so much to do within the Venetian, there's hardly any reason to leave!
4	One of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas... Been fortunate enough to stay here on many occasions throughout the years so I think I know the hotel well enough to review it.The rooms are nice and spacious. All suites. So that means an LCD TV in the sleeping area, one in the sunken living area which includes a pull-out sofa bed, desk and another small LCD in the bathroom. Staying at the newer towers in the hotel (away from registration) are a lot better just because the beds, bathrooms, etc. are nicer and the guest elevators are closer to the shops, food court and casino.The Venetian pools are great and you have the option of using the Palazzo pools because they are connected by a short walkway. Both pools are great. Venetian has Tao beach for people that want the club experience in the daytime.Venetian also has the nightclub TAO in the front of the hotel. This has probably been the most popular longstanding club (5 years) on the Strip and it still gets as packed as ever. DJ Skratchy or DJ Vice keep it happening and are my favorites for movin the crowd. Packed is not the word for this place. The Venetian has a decent "cheap" food court and a better food court on the casino level that has good late night pizzas and Italian food. There's also a Grand Lux cafe on the casino level. Good food and big portions there.Love the Venetian. Always have always will...
5	Beautiful rooms and great service. Had pillows delivered to the room and they were there quickly. Needed my safe reset and the janitor was there quickly. Everytime I called the service line, it was answered quickly and politely. Very good experience. Have stayed here before and would stay here again.
5	Love the all suite hotel. Definitely one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Can sleep 6 comfortably. I also like the added tv in the bathroom. Nice touch. Nuff said.
5	Uh-mazing! Beeee-utiful! This is my first trip to Vegas without my parents (late, I know!) and for my first adult trip, staying at the Venetian was an absolute delight! I was so impressed by the lobby and ambiance of the hotel and unfortunately my camera couldn't do it justice. Our group booked two adjoining rooms for our Vegas weekend and our rooms were beautiful. Remote-controlled drapes to boot! Fluffy and comfy queen-sized beds with a bathroom en suite.Staying at the Venetian was an absolute treat for me and very convenient because we didn't really need to leave the hotel. We  ate at Postrio downstairs and partied at Tao for Olga G.'s birthday. When we were done, we conveniently retired to our rooms. No doubt about it, it was pretty pricey but for a luxurious weekend away with friends, it was well worth the cost. I would normally deduct a star for cost but I was so impressed by the hotel that I decided not to. Thanks for making my first independent trip a success!
5	My friend and I SPLURGED.  Since we were planning to see Jersey Boys and spend time at the Canyon Ranch SpaClub, both of which are at the Venetian, we also decided to stay here.  They don't offer a package deal for the show, but they do have a CANYON RANCH LUXURY PACKAGE.  Starting at a minimum of $229/night, the package includes two nights in a luxury suite, $200 credit at Canyon Ranch SpaClub and $15 credit at Canyon Ranch Grill.  You will be charged at booking and keep in mind that the price does not yet include their resort fee or taxes.We stayed in the BELLA SUITE.  This 700 square-foot suite was awesome!  Some highlights:* Two plush queen-sized beds (super-comfy).* Three LCD HDTVs (one in the bedroom, one in the living room and one in the bathroom!).* A living room that includes a dining table and a full-sized L-shaped sofa.* A huge bathroom with two sinks, a Roman tub (bring bath bubbles!) and a separate glass-enclosed shower.  The toilet is separated by another door.* Remote-controlled Roman shades and curtains (loved this!)The suite was immaculate and luxurious.  Beautiful tiling and fixtures.  Seriously I looked for something to complain about.  Well actually, there's no ventilation in the little room with the toilet, so use scented candles...There's a guard checking that you have a room key before letting you through to the guest elevators, so random casino-goers can't run crazy through the corridors!
5	Deciding where to stay in Vegas? Let me help you out... You should stay at the Venetian if... - you are going to Vegas as a couple. - you are trying desperately to score with a girl that isn't so easy. - you want to stay skinny and avoid those marvelous buffets. - you love Italy. - you are proposing or getting married. - you are all about taking pictures and making people jealous. - you dream about gondola rides and getting serenaded by Italians. - you are saying 'I Love You' for the first time or millionth time. - you want to stay in a ultra lux suite complete with your own pool and jacuzzi (cough.. i love getting spoiled). - you want to be close to all of the hot clubs and smack dab middle of the strip. - you like huge pools with barely any kids running around. - you want to stay in a quiet pool area and enjoy Vegas peacefully and complete with a private cabana. - you want to be able to fool around all over and not worry about being caught and posted on You-Tube. - you want to give the impression you are classy when people ask where you are staying. You should NOT stay at the Venetian if... - you and your entourage want to SCORE, not fall in love, but just fall into plain old lust repeatedly all day long (stay at Hard Rock). - you want to be close to the best buffet and restaurants in town (stay at Bellagio). - you want to be drunk 24/7 (stay at Flamingo, yes really). - you are looking for a sausage party (stay at Mandalay Bay).
5	I absolutely love the Venetian. Gorgeous, elegant, huge rooms. I love that the bed is separated by a railing and/or stairs. Dining and entertainment are both spectacular. Pictures on yelp say everything you need to know.
5	Wonderful hotel! it is very pricey, but once you've looked inside it makes sense. I loved the fact they had a coffee bean right outside the elevators coming from the rooms. Our luxury suite was beautiful, it had a sleeping area with a huge orthopedic mattress, tons of pillows and a down comforter. walk down a few steps and your in a sunken living room with a huge L shape couch that 2 people slept on comfortably. A media center with a hd tv and a dining table for 3. Also had like a office type desk with a fax machine, phone, pens, paper, phone... The bathroom was amazing, shower and bath double sink vanities and a separate bathroom with a tv haha, even had a makeup vanity. I have really sensitive skin and loved the body lotion they provided. This hotel is above and beyond, we didn't have to leave the hotel for anything. It is stricter than other hotels though, there is guards at the entrances/exits to the rooms, you have to have a key in order to get by the guards. The view from our suite was amazing, even better we had remote controls to control the shades. The casino was pricier than the other hotels, but if you can afford to stay here  than you can afford to gamble here.
5	My home away from home.  After many stays at the Venetian, I just can't stay anywhere else and feel right.  I crave for that nostalgic scent they blast through their vents.  As soon as you walk through their lobby doors, it whooshes up your nose and embeds itself in your brain leaving you hooked for life.  I kid you not, it is the most distinct smell you cannot forget.  It's a bit pricey without a gambleholic's VIP hookup, but you do get what you pay for.  So make friends with a poker enthusiast for cheap/free stays or honestly, be ghetto if you need to & jam pack the room to split the costs!  Love the spacious & luxurious suites.  3 people per bed(1 king or 2 queens), 2 on the pullout sofa bed, 1 more on the couch.  The rest claim your spots on the floor.  What difference does it make where you sleep if you're drunk anyway, right?  Two flat screen tvs, one more in the bathroom.  HUGE bathroom and mirrors all around for all the girls to put their faces on at once before a night out.  There's a shower AND bathtub...but everyone knows the bathtub is reserved solely for ice & liquor ;)There's a food court in the casino with a lot of delicious choices, and a food court on the second level with a bigger variety of fast food joints...but you MUST dine @ Grand Lux Cafe.  It's a tradition to stop by.Lots of tables and machines in the casino to win or lose your cash monayys.  Wanna dance?  Sorry, but Tao sucks...luckily the location of the Venetian is perfect.  Do yourself a favor and walk over to Encore for Sin City's hot spots: XS & Surrender.Hope you come to love the Venetian as I have.  Just got back and I already miss it.
5	my home (well one of em, the other one is palazzo lol) away from home. i love the venetian, same goes for palazzo. i feel like out of all the hotels i've stayed at over the years, this one is the nicest: great rooms (all of them are suites), great customer service, and a great location (plus getting the room comped makes it 1000 times better :])the rooms are all set up the same. when you walk in there's a good size bathroom: a seperate shower and bath, two sinks, a bathroom, and a make up station :] WITH a tv which is great when you're getting ready or taking a bath :]when you walk in you either get 2 queens or 1 king. there's a closet and yet again another tv. then theres a few stairs to the "living room" with couch (pull out bed) and 2 desks and yet another tv haha.i would recommend everyone and anyone to stay here. it's a great place to stay and there's a bunch of things to do! you can seriously be happy staying at venetian and never stepping outside! (since it's connected to palazzo) also on the 2nd floor there's shopping and restaurants (connected to palazzo's shopping and restaurants as well). i've never been shopping there since i come to vegas to eat, party, drink, and GAMBLE!!! but the restaurants are great (well the one's i've been to) i've been to wolf gang puck's bistro, first food & bar, and sushi samba. all which are great (read my reviews!!!) also venetian is home of TAO night club and palazzo is home of LAVO. when staying at venetian and you want to check out tao, just stay in the invited guests line (takes about 10 mins) which is for guests staying at the hotel. another plus very close to fashion mall, mirage, bellagio, encore, wynn, and treasure island...also harrahs (carnival court FTW!) and imperial palace (ginseng 3, hash house a go go, and fat tuesdays yay!!!)next time you need somewhere to stay pick the venetian...or palazzo you will thank me later :]
1	Housekeeping stole $50 from my girlfriends wallet and did not take responsibility for their employees. They pretty much said, you cant prove it so tough luck. I will never stay there again.  Be aware!
5	This hotel is absolutely beautiful. The scenery throughout the hotel is filled with the canals and feel of Venice. There's the Grand Canal Shoppes to do some shopping, a food court and tons of restaurants to eat at. The casino is huge too. The room are huge and my favorite part are the bathrooms. The bathrooms have double sinks, a vanity, a bath tub, shower and flat screen TV. The rooms have a a living room with couch and TV and I'm the bedroom part there is another TV. This is one of the most luxurious rooms I have seen. The customer service is great as well. This hotel is huge with 2 towers and I believe they are building another tower. It is connected to the Sands Convention Center and the Palazzo. Beautiful must stay hotel. Or at the least you must walk through the grand canal shops located within the hotel as you see gondolas go by or visit St Marks Square where there are performers. Stop by to walk around leisurely or get some gelato but definitely consider staying here. ^_^*~
4	Pretty classy joint for a decent weekend price. I think we've found a new regular spot for when the wifey and I bang vegas.
5	I try to stay at the Venetian or Palazzo every time I go.  I actually probably the ideal guest, the gambler who never leaves the hotel, wines, dines, clubs, sleeps, lounges all in the same hotel.   Why leave? I find the rooms lofty and comfortable, posh enough, clean enough and has all the great amenities that a hotel should offer.The rooms are large and comfortable for both the Venetian and Palazzo, with large bathrooms.I like to play craps at the Venetian or at Bellagio the ambiance is great for game play. The waitress service sucks though, they never come by for drinks.. Only bad thing..Otherwise, a great place to get away from LA..
4	As a college student we fit 8+ people into a single room at Casino Royale where people slept on the beds, on the floor, and in the tub .. With time comes maturity and this time, as working professionals, we got a Rialto suite at the Venetian. Think we chipped in around $70 for two nights for about 7 people. This is what we got to do with a suite:- HUGE bathroom with spacious shower, two sinks, makeup station, closet, and tub for our liquor and ice that we bought from Strip Liquor near an All-You-Can-Eat BBQ place off the strip.- Two TVs: College football on one, Basketball on the other! - Two queen beds and a fold out couch allowed us to fit people in along with A LOT of floor space for overnight guests =)- Automatic curtains allowed for awesome dance shows- Mini fridge for our recover center consisting of bottles of Powerade and H20. REMEMBER: DO NOT DRINK HOTEL BOTTLED WATER - IT COSTS $5 A BOTTLE. We woke up on our last night and found out someone had opened a bottle and left .. we're still hunting for the culprit.- Enough dressers, tables and desks for places to place bottles and red cups- Great room service, gave us a lot of extra towels, bathrooms supplies, and coat hangers for our clubbing gearOverall a great place to stay with great friends!PS: Remember not to lean on all the elevator buttons when you're drunk and have the other people in the car glare at you when the car stops at every ..... single ..... floor ...... super awkward .....
4	I kinda lump Palazzo and Ventian together. It is a must see if you are in town. The best basic room in Vegas with a couch and lounge area with its own TV. You could easily sleep 3-4 people here with the couches. It is a little pricey. But, worth it if you want enjoy Vegas.
2	Thought this place was super cheeseball.  It's like a nicer version of Caesar's Palace - but sue me - I thought Caesar's was cooler in all it's ostentation and faded glory. I found the "canal" to be an annoying gimmick.
5	Pure class.I love this hotel and every time we go to Vegas, I ask my parents if we're staying here.  Everything is so clean and beautiful and the architect is just amazing.  This is where the high rollers should go.It's pretty much in the middle of the Strip so it's accessible to everything around you.  Plus the 2nd floor is a bunch of fashionable shops to go to with the Grand Canal.Major bonus when you stay here, you get free passes to TAO.  Totally helpful and worth the pay.  We usually get the Bella suites and DAMN are they roomy!  Everything is super elegant.Bathroom is huge thank god. But the doors don't lock.My top pick for hotels in Vegas.
4	This review is for the Casino only.Very classy, pro dealers, great wait staffand I like that they card for underage everything.If you appear to be underage, you get carded when you sit down at a table. You get carded when you order a beverage, you get carded when you visit the cashier.As Vegas should be, let the underager's go to the Hard Rock.
4	I was so excited to be an official Venetian guest heh heh, college kids, you know ;-)Anyway, maybe it was too close to the holidays but I didn't see any email/ads/discounts come across from Venetian/Palazzo for 2 weeks so I resorted to booking on Vegas.com. I waited for the price to go down by $20 bucks on the offical site and for Vegas.com to match it. Using my nifty $100 gift card for $20 from Costco, I was able to save 20% on my room with an additional -$25 using coupon code: Getaway. The room was then very affordable.+ check in is suppose to be 3pm but I was able to get in at 12pm- what's up with the super heavy doors- I thought the couch was a pull out sofa? guess not since there were no extra blankets/pillows in the closet+ love the layout of the rooms with the sunken living room (but the 2 TVs is a bit much especially when you have people that want to watch different things)+ how awesome is the remote control blinds+ you can sign up for a poker table FROM YOUR ROOM?! how cool is that!+/- the bed is not that comfortable and the pillows kind of suck+ sign up for the Grazie card and get $15 free match play+ I'm not sure how I got compd' Phantom tickets but that was nice+ I got a sheet of coupons to use for restaurants/clubs at the hotel (the 2 restaurants listed didn't seem appetizing from their Yelp reviews but the Lavo coupons were cool as well as the Salute lounge)+/- the $17 resort fee includes the gym at the Canyon Ranch Spa too bad you can't use anything else there (it's $40/day if you do)+ free internet in your room (and I believe the printer is free as well)I can't wait to come back!
4	Just spent 3 days at The Venetian and had a great time!  Everything here is easy with more restaurants than you need but the best is a little Chinese restaurant just off the Sports Book.  Full selection of real Chinese food and just a little Meiguoren Chinese food.  Can be a little wait during lunch and dinner time though.  Also ate at Cut and had a great steak.
2	As a business owner, having non-stop coverage and top-rated customer service is my number one priority.  This is was the first in ten years that my company was going to be closed for one week, since Christmas fell on a Saturday.  So when my family and I decided to sneak away for a few days we wanted only a five-star hotel to stay at.   My husband, two teenage daughters, and I stayed at your hotel from December 22 - 24, 2010.  It wasn't going to be a long stay, but we were looking for quality.  I have to say, the hotel fell short in many ways.  Below are some points that I found to be substandard of a five-star hotel: Upon entering the guest elevators, I noticed the crystal chandeliers had missing or broken crystals in them.  It was quite trashy looking. Upon entering my room, I was disappointed to find it dirty.  There were LOTS of scuff marks on the foot of the door and baseboards...especially in the "bedroom" area.  (This was room 12-312.) The desk had a splintered area of wood on it that my husband sliced his ankle on, causing bleeding and discomfort. There was so much wear on the lounge at the foot at the bed that the gold edging had worn off one leg. My reservations were clear that there were going to be four people in the room...for which I paid $70 for.  Yet, there were insufficient linens.  I had to call down and request extra pillows and blankets to accommodate for all four of us.  On that note, there was only one set of shampoo/conditioner/body wash and soap.  There were only two water glasses...yet four people.  This is NOT ample for four people...even for one day. The safe did not work...even with the simple instructions provided.  When I called down, I was told that someone would be up to "reset" it.  We waited, and waited, and waited, then finally called down and told the operator that we were going to have to schedule it for later, as we needed to get something to eat and return to the room and wait. We make reservations for the Blue Man Group on 12/23/10 @ 4:00 PM.  I sat in the second row from the stage, in the farthest left seat.  (If you were in the audience looking up at the stage.)  The performance was enjoyable.  However, my seat was wet.   Not damp, WET.  Even wetness wouldn't be too horrible if it didn't stink.  It smelled as though I was sitting on a seat that someone had vomited on, or one that had been moist so long that it had started to mold.  I ended up using my poncho, doubling it up, to try to put a barrier between myself and the sick smelling wetness. Worse of all, the second night of our stay, the movie channels would not come on.  The commercial that kept taunting us..."Stay in and watch a premium movie" kept playing, but we couldn't due to the rental service menu.  Again we had to call for service.  However, this time, the technician was there for hours, had to try THREE cable boxes and go down and reprogram them as the person on the other line of the phone didn't know how to.  The technician left our room at 9:16 PM, too late for us to stay up for a movie.  Our night was spent watching the technician try to do his job. I mentioned my dissatisfaction to the clerk upon check out, and received apologies for the inconveniences.  The employee deducted the "resort fees" and movie rental expense from the previous night.  I appreciated his attempt to satisfy the situation, but do feel this fell short. I'm at a point where I'm going to be leaving feedback on the standard sites, including Yelp, Yahoo, Google, Expedia, TripAdvisor, Travelocity, Hotels.com, VirtualTourist, MyTravelGuide.com, RateVegas and Bing.  I'd like to give you an opportunity to make right before I leave feedback on our stay. Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter. Regards, Angela O.
5	Another day in fantasy land. awesome!!!The hotel is great. You never have to leave. They have everything EXCEPT A STARBUCKS...(LOL - if you know me). But the place is HUGE, great rooms, tons of choices for food and walking around. Loved it!!The only downer...we are pretty sure "someone" took the car out for a spin while it was valet parked based on the reconfiguration of the seats.
3	I spent Christmas 2010 in Vegas this year! It was quite a change for me! And as ya'll probably know, Vegas is a mixed bag. As such, The Venetian was a mixed bag for me.We had the standard suite which is actually quite large and could easily fit 4 people comfortably. When I first walked in to the room, I was kind of confused. There was a lot of Asian themed things - from the clearly Chinese toiletries to the overall design themes of the room. Hey, I thought we were supposed to be at "The Venetian?" Anyway, this didn't really matter to me but thought it was kind of odd. ---Likes!---1.  BOUCHON BAKERY and ILLY! Bouchon is right next to the elevators on the main floor, next to the theater. So many wonderful things.....I'll write a separate review. Illy is in the Palazzo I think? Gosh, I'm not sure, this hotel is kind of confusing. This espresso and gelato place has sooo much yummy stuff, I'll write a separate review for Illy as well.2.  Easy breezy valet parking! Remember to tip, folks working in the Vegas service industry seem to practically live on tips....they wait around for tips too....haha...awkward if you forget cash.3.  The Canyon Spa. Nice place, not too upscale, low-key and has lots of services. Kind of expensive (often have deals around holidays), but there is a lot available such as rock-climbing, gym, massages, pedicures, waxing, a cafe, etc.4.  RESTAURANTS! The Venetian/Palazzo is home to many famous and great restaurants such as Bouchon (French restaurant), B&B, Carnevino, Grand Lux (a better Cheesecake Factory) and more! I'll write a separate review for B&B, Carnevino, and Grand Lux. 5. Check-in/Check-out was a breeze. The front desk people were nice and efficient. Why of course, it's a busy hotel, they get a lot of practice I assume.---Dislikes!---1. Ok, please don't get me wrong - the rooms are nice but I was underwhelmed by the maintenance of the rooms. A lot of things were dusty or askew. The toilet seat was sort of off and the area underneath the sink was partially finished with tiles or paint missing. Looks kinda gross...haha. 2. Oy...the blinds are so hard to close or open! I understand why the windows aren't openable but why not the blinds? So annoying. 3. Ew some minor stains on the carpet and couches. Maybe we had a lemon of a room. I don't know man....haha. 4. Confusing layout for first time visitors. Where am I? Is this technically the Palazzo or Venetian? How did I end up at the wax museum? Haha....It gets better after a while of windingly walking around but man, make sure you pay attention to how you get around!5. Yes, I know we're at "The Venetian." Oooh big deal - no real excuse for stupidly high minimums at gaming tables. The only "break" we saw was a special $10 minimum blackjack table on Christmas day and some complimentary gaming...but who wants that? No thrill, haha....
5	One of my favorite hotel/casinos in Vegas, the Venetian is usually where we like to meet friends from out of town for a drink or dinner.  Here's why:- The casino is huge and the property has a little bit of something for everyone.  You can't go wrong here.- There's a ton of shopping in the Canal Shoppes Mall on the 2nd floor.- The decor and design is amazing.  There's plenty of photo ops here.- The selection of restaurants allows for small to high budgets.- It's connected to the Palazzo, so there are even more choices for you and your guests.Over the years I've been here at least 100 times.  Will I return?  Of course.
4	Beautiful hotel/casino. Just beautiful. It's an all suite hotel--do yourself a favor and spend the few extra bucks to upgrade to a suite with a view of the strip. I think the suite we stayed in was over 650 square feet. It had a huge bathroom, sunken living room with views and a beautiful bedroom that was so tastefully done--it was remarkable. Marble everywhere--the roman blinds are operated by a handheld remote control! The suite was shiny clean and in tip top shape. I believe their best rates are offered on-line. My only complaint (other than the non-paying slot machines!) would be their slow response to room service requests. It took an hour and 15 minutes to get breakfast today. They apologized profusely and comped it for us which I thought was great--their customer service puts a lot of places to shame.
3	Past its prime and should no longer be characterized as a 5 star resort.We reserved a room for NYE.  We were there early and the hubs was at the poker table.  He was running hot so I left him at the table and went to check in.  After waiting in line for over 20 minutes, the agent tells me that I can't check in because the rez is in hub's name.  That's their policy, no exceptions.  Fine.  I tell her that he's playing in the poker room and ask if can she page him so we don't have to get back in the ever growing line.  Nope, she won't do it.  WTF?  Really, why not?  Can't pick up the phone to call WITHIN YOUR OWN HOTEL?!?  Is that five star treatment?  Whatever.  I go get the hubs and he gets in line while I ask for the manager.  Again, I wait.  He comes out maybe 10 minutes later.  No, sorry for making you wait.  I tell him what happened.  He reiterates the policy but says that he'll get someone to help us if we come over to where he is.  No apology for the other stupid employee.  We get our "non-smoking" room and it smells like smoke.  We wonder if it's the room next door and I call down to report the problem.  The agent says that the floor below (29th floor) is a smoking floor and that the smell may be coming through the vents.  No offer to change our room, no apology.  Basically, it's too bad, so sad.  Again, WTF?  It's not non-smoking if we can smell smoke.   I get into the shower to freshen up and discover these Chinese branded toiletries that I've never heard of that smell like baby shampoo.  I thought this is the Venetian, what's up with this Chinese stuff?  The hotel has gone ghetto on its toiletries.  Come on...  it's like going to the 99 cent store and seeing all those Mexican brands of canned or prepared foods.  There's nothing necessarily wrong with things like that but you're not expecting them at a"5 star" resort, ya know?Anyhoo, the final blow came when I got into bed later.  Those had to be the scruffiest sheets I've ever slept on in a hotel of that caliber.   What's going on?  We just came off a stay at Treasure Island and its bedding was nicer than the Venetian's.  Sad, sad moment.  I've slept on some hotel beds that I couldn't wait to get into at the end of the day.  Venetian's was not one of them.  When I'm paying that kind of $$$, the least I expect is a luxurious bed.  *sigh*Oh well.  The Venetian's poker is still the hub's fave in Vegas but we'll be looking elsewhere for accommodations.
4	This is definitely a 4-4.5 star hotel that is on the grand scale.  The outside of this hotel brings back memories of Venice, Italy albeit all condensed together in the "front yard."  The decor is stunning if not over the top throughout this hotel with a lot of "wow factor."There are gondolas that travel through the shops area with singing gondoliers and beautiful "walk-over bridges.".  One thing about this hotel is it is always packed full of people.  The Phantom of the Opera show was very nice and again draws a lot of people.  The shops are upscale but not the top designers.  The restaurants are average to fine dinning with a food court in the casino.The rooms set a standard in Vegas.  They are large all suite rooms featuring a sitting area with a sofa that converts to a bed.  Again, over the top Italian decor but luxurious non-the-less.  I believe the smallest rooms are 800-900 sqft and the upper floors hold rooms that can be jaw dropping.With all of the decor and the phenomenal club TAO it still is only a 4-4.5 star hotel next to the Wynn/Encore, Bellagio, or Caesars.
2	This hotel (front/lobby/casino) is beautiful! The rooms on the other hand....very disappointing. We went on a wed/thurs for $250 a night MID WEEK you would think you would get a mini fridge or a coffe maker in the room at the very least! The mini bar wasn't even on....they said our room would have robes...no robes to be found. The "view" window was completely filthy and there were black scuff like marks on the arm table and lamp by the couch. The pools were nothing special. They do however have a very nice 24 place called The Delux something....and they have really good food reasonabily priced. The free drinks are PURE mixer nothing in them....but when you buy a drink from a bar they are very heavy on the pour...and they should be for a $13 vodka/cran...It was nice to check it out, but next time I will stick to what I know, Wynn, Encore or Ceaser's
4	I recently stayed at the Venetian for 2 nights with some friends right after New Years and I must say it was very nice! I had found a deal for $130 a night for a luxury suite so it was a great price for such a fancy hotel.So we got a bit lost in the casino with all our luggage because the place is ginormous, but once we found the hallway to the front desk (which was beautiful and made me feel like I was walking in a palace), everything was right as rain.The lady at the front desk was very nice and helpful. She gave us our room keys and a bunch of coupons (such as free drinks to some restaurants, free admission to the LAVO nightclub, and even 2 free tickets to see Phantom of the Opera!). We also went to the concierge's table to check out other things to do during our stay. In addition to giving us some good tips and tricks, the concierge also gave us more coupons and more free tickets to nightclubs. NICE.The rooms themselves were very nice as well. Everything was nice and clean. The bed was huge. The extra pillows, towels, and blankets we had asked for were sent quickly. Housekeeping was also very quick, though they came a lot earlier in the morning than we expected (about 9-10am).As for the actual hotel itself, the casino is huge and the decor is beautiful. The Grand Canal Shoppes are also very pretty with a plethora of restaurants, from a simple food court to really nice high end places. The town square would have shows with costumed staff every hour and the echoes of the gondoliers through the shoppes made me feel like I really had stepped into Venice.However, some downsides:- none of the TV channels had any signal. My friends and I attempted to watch some TV while we were relaxing between outings and none of the channels worked. Almost all of them said "weak signal" and when they had signal, they would freeze while it searched for signal. Though I suppose if you aren't going to watch TV anyway, it wouldn't be a big deal.- the light switches were very inefficient. There was no master light switch so each light had to be turned on and off separately. Also, none of the switches had any type of label so we had no idea which switches did what. Some of the switches did nothing as well, which was annoying.Overall, I had a great experience at the Venetian. The hotel itself is beautiful and aside from the few small details that bothered me, I would recommend staying here.
5	I stayed here for a few days with some friends for a trip to Vegas. They were very accommodating and friendly. We got a suite there and the room was gorgeous. It came with a queen sized and pull out bed, three tvs, three telephones, and the other usual amenities. Whenever we requested something such as extra towels and sheets they were very quick and efficient. The cable kind of sucked because many of the channels kept saying no signal. Also, they advertise free wifi, which they do give, but it is extremely so so don't rely on it too much if you need it for work or something important. Checking in was a bit slow, but that was just due to the large number of people checking in at the same time. They also made dinner reservations for us at their restaurant, Bouchon, gave us free tickets for two clubs, two free tickets to their show, Phantom of the Opera, and many other free tidbit that were really cool. Checking out of the hotel was a breeze, all it took was a quick one minute call to the concierge.There weren't too many restaurants open 24 hours in the hotel, which was a bit of a bummer, but the Grand Lux, which is basically a Cheesecake Factory, was opened 24 hours and it was a great midnight snack. The casino was easily accessed, which is to be expected for a hotel and everything was pretty good there. This was my first trip to Vegas ever and they definitely made my stay memorable and I would recommend staying there for anyone.
5	This is my second favorite hotel in Vegas.  It would be #1 except that I always lose in this casino.  :PGetting a luxury suite with my cousin is the only way to go.  Huge window overlooking the pool, couches, benches, huge bed, dark curtains, and a lovely bathroom with an exquisite bath tub.  The pool is great, and Tao beach is even better.  Bouchon (God I love Thomas Keller, I really really do) is here as is B & B Ristorante, and Postrio Bar & Grill.Its beautiful, and if you want a fantastic stay I definitely suggest the Venetian.  Great rates if you're a players club member, be sure to use them.
5	This hotel was by far one of the best ones I have ever been to! The rooms are amazing and very spacious, and the restaurants are very delicious. The hotel service was very quick and efficient, and it made the trip a lot more stressful! This was definitely one of my best vacations because it was nice coming back to a place I really enjoyed.
5	Looovee the Venetian. While it's one of the more expensive places to stay on the strip, it is SO worth it. Especially if you have a big group of people. You can EASILY fit over 10 people in one of their Bella suites. And there's enough TV's to keep the boys happy watching their sports and girls with their chick flicks and reality TV while recuperating after a night out of partying.Recently discovered the food court closer to the parking garage (not the one by the casino). That place is ahmazing! Extremely helpful if you're on a budget, like most people in their early 20's who are in Vegas for a crazy weekend. Finding a table big enough for a large group of people is a bit hard, cause it can get pretty crowded. That's when you get everything to-go and bring it back up to your room :)
4	I spent my days at the CES at the Venitian, and my nights at the Holiday Inn Express in North Las Veags, hows that for Yang and Yin? You can still smoke in the casino and in the hallways downstairs, which is amazing to me, but the rooms are nice in a Las Vegasy old fashioned fake elegant kind of way. I did manage to lock myself in the bathroom of the Harmon suite for a few seconds, (see photo). What's up with pocket doors and funky hardware on four star bathrooms these days?
5	I like how the hotel imitates venice in a way where it appears to be the real thing like water escalators going through the building. The gondolas were amazing and the arrangement of the place had skies above us and fake Italian buildings.I want to stay here!!
2	Pseudo Luxury.I think the big discrepancy in the ratings with this hotel is how much each reviewer paid for their room. I paid $250/night on a weekend. I'm sure my experience would have been much better had I paid less than $150 like other reviewers. Basically that's what this hotel is worth.Room - big but everything feels worn and oldStaff - not very helpful, not very friendly, kinda cluelessServices - Just try calling the front desk and see how long it takes you to get through.Casino -  many dealers are not friendly and often times rude, which can make loosing money much more unpleasant when compared to other Casinos. I'm sure when the hotel first opened it must have been nice but here's the problem. The rooms although big are worn down and not well kept up, but that's not even the real problem. When I stay in a 3-4 star hotel, if I were to call the front desk they pick up pretty much right away. At the Venetian your on hold for 2-3minutes. When you call for the casino you are misdirected 2-3 times before getting to the right person after being on hold. When you check in and you have more than one room, they are completely confused and not very helpful, and when you check out they still get everything wrong. The best thing thing this hotel has going for it are it's restaurants.
5	stayed here for spring break last year and wow, the room is soo spacious! we had the suite with the living room & 2 queen size beds, the view was spectacularrr, the bathroom was spacious, con was that there was no lock.. so if you shower and no ones in the room, you kinda have to leave a note :/ I went on the gondola ride with my boyfriend, it was sooo romantic and perfect... even better that we had a coupon from when we checked into the room
4	Great hotel. I love the suite rooms because I feel like they give you more footage than other hotels on the strip. I love the theme, the design, makes everything look and feel luxurious. The bathroom was my favorite, it had a vanity section which was awesome because girls bring WAY more stuff than guys and we need the extra room. I also love the couches, and the fold out bed (handy for randos that crash the room). It was also great to two sections of the room, we kept all our personal belongings by the bed and chilled on the couch. It kept things orderly and no missing items. I love the layout of the whole hotel. Great casino, shops within your grasp, accessible to palazzo, and a WALGREENS. GOD, that walgreens have saved us many times from munchies, drunkchies, & thirst. umm, not a fan of TAO, but you can get to cool night clubs without exiting or going outside. Its confusing but possible.
4	Stayed for 4 nights (January 2011) for my companies Global Sales Conference.  The room/suite was amazing and huge, as was the bathroom, and the lounge area.  The bed was comfortable, as were the sheets, and there was absolutely no noise what-so-ever.  No waiting for hot water, it was warm as soon as you turned on the hot water faucet, which I like.I was stunned at how large The Venetian is; I got lost numerous times my first two days getting from one place to another during the convention.  The one thing I noticed was, no matter how lost I was, I somehow always managed to head right back to the Casino floor; I am sure that was not planned as part of the architecture.Other than the canned convention food my company had catered from The Venetian I ate at Tao and Lavo.  Both Tao and Lavo were good, although they were buffet style layouts, so I can't comment on actual specific meals.It's also a great place to have a (2000+ person) convention.
4	Oh my God! I spent the this past weekend in Vegas, my first visit. I loved the Venetian! Lots of food and shopping available. The rooms are beautiful and clean and quiet. As busy and crazy as the casino was, I was surprised that I never heard another sound once I entered our room for the night. Slept like a baby! The bed was comfy, the shower was nice and the room was super clean. I'd definately stay here again if  I ever find myself in Vegas again.
5	Despite the price of our suite during Shot Show 2011, The Venetian was worth it.  They totally delivered in luxury, no hidden fees, friendliness of staff, and efficiency making up the room each morning.  They have completely won over my future business and pleasure on The Strip.  The hotel is beautiful, the suites spacious and beyond comfortable.  700 square feet and this is the tiny suite?  That's bigger than my first apartment.  The Venetian was everything I hoped the Bellagio would be when we stayed there last year.  Bellagio failed, but The Venetian totally delivered.  Watch rates, and if you can get there during a non-peak period, it is worth every penny you will spend over nearby properties.  Promise.
4	One of my favorite hotels to stay at in Vegas!  I love their suites! So beautifully decorated and the bathroom is HUGE! Along with two queen beds on one side, they have a nice living room area to lounge around on the other with two LCDS. Room service and housekeeping were extremely quick - they came up almost immediately after getting a request. The decor and design of the hotel is simply stunning. They offer a wide selection of restaurants and they have a bunch of shops to browse around. The casino area is huge and they have a great poker room here! Oh and Tao Nightclub is right inside the hotel as well - one of the top favorite clubs in Vegas next to Marquee or XS. We came for my girlfriend's birthday and we definitely had an amazing stay here!
1	This used to be my favorite casino until now.  They used to reward their players (Grazie Club) with generous comps/offers.  The marketing department has decided that ,since they are doing so well with trade shows and conferences, they no longer need to care about their patrons anymore.  Out goes the offers or comps.  All of their Grazie Club players (Gold and Platinum) are complaining on their Facebook fan page.  No one has received any offers for this year.  Numerous phone calls to them have gotten the same lame canned excuses/answers.  Shame on you Palazzo/Venetian.  You advertise and  encourage people to join the Grazie club and play to become Gold and Platinum for special offers and comps.  It's all lies.  Take your business elsewhere like Wynn or MGM.  They are still rewarding their players.  Bye bye Palazzo/Venetian.
5	wowzers!! Celebrated a girl friend's bday here with 10 people so we got connecting rooms which made it really convenient (boys side and girls side). The bathrooms were huuuuuge and perfect for getting ready for a night out. There was even a vanity table. The only bad thing was there were no locks on the doors! And if someone was showering, noone else would be able to use the toilet or sinks. The beds were ultra comfortable, the pull out sofa bed, not so much as you can feel the springs.. Sleeping on the actual sofa would've been more comfortable. The room came with two huge flat screens, hair dryer, iron and table, robes, a printer, coffee table, and another round table to sit around. Had remote controlled curtains and a beautiful view. There's a gym on some level I forget. Shopping here was nice, there were a lot of workers strolling around in costume offering to help with directions. And a couple friends saw a couple celebrities gambling/buying coffee bean and tea leaf. We came super late to the lounge downstairs and got in for free. Didn't even have to buy drinks since we prepartied hard. Ate at Grand Luxe Cafe for breakfast and didn't have to wait in line ( no clue what my friends did or said). I would have to say that this trip was the best one yet. :]
4	I love this hotel. It is one of my favorites. I have visited here, stayed here and enjoyed here. I love the Italian theme of everything and the hotel itself is always clean and inviting. The food choices are plentiful and the casino is really big when paired with the Palazzo's.To some of the people complaining about them not giving offers for their Grazie Club, I seem to still be getting them and so has my relatives. Guess you must be doing something wrong. They certainly do not deserve one star for this. Just a few months back, my parents went here for a slot tournament offer they received in the their email. $100 entry fee for each person to the tournament and two nights stay was free. Sounds pretty good to me!
5	I absolutely love this hotel! It is now my home away from home in Las Vegas! I just recently stayed in one of their Bella Suites with a few of my girls, and experienced the best service ever! All of the employees are wonderful, and treat you like royalty. I especially love how they give personalized service. For example, whenever I called for more towels, they would say, "Good afternoon Ms. Lee, how can i help you today? ..... Alright no problem, is there anything else i can get you Ms. Lee?" Besides the top notch service, The Venetian is located in a great spot if you're looking to hit up the nightclubs at Encore, Wynn, or inside The Venetian. You can save, by just walking over as opposed to spending money on a cab. The pool and jacuzzis are also very nice. There are also multiple jacuzzis if you want your own for your group. There are many food choices inside the hotel / casino. My favorite is Grand Lux Cafe for a quick lunch or dinner; their burgers are the best and they're also open 24/7. And definitely join the Grazie club if you're going to gamble. As a perk for being a new member, I got $25 free slot credit to play with! All in all, you may pay a bit more to stay in The Venetian, but it is definitely worth it for the primo location on the strip as well as outstanding service. I will definitely be staying here again!
5	With me being reviewer number 909... I think I'll keep this short. lolThe Venetian is a beautiful, elegant casino hotel that offers great shopping, restaurants and clean, nice rooms.  It's a favorite of my friends and mine when we visit.  You can usually find good room rates on the discount sites.  See ya there!
4	This casino is beautiful, inside and out. The canals are beautiful, with gondolas sweeping past the crowds, opera sounds piercing the air. Shopping is fantastic and the restaurants aim to please. Their  rooms are luxurious, even at the standard rates. I love their room bathrooms, especially the vanity area as it is actually made for comfort and convenience.
1	Let me start off by saying I waited a few weeks to write this review so I would be able to do it honestly and not out of pent up frustration and anger. I believe the best way to review the Venetian is to describe my experience.... here we go.I was in town for the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and my trip definitely started out with a bang, as my driver was pulling into the Venetian she was directed to go into a particular lane, so she did, and within seconds some other valet was yelling at her, literally yelling through the window on how stupid she was to do such a thing, this was the land for Venetian cars only, not normal limos... hmmm sure says welcome to the Venetian if you ask me.No line at check-in (one of the few pluses), but as I was checking in the attendant mentioned I had one king bed in my room, I responded by telling him I had two queen beds confirmed the day before, he said impossible (pretty much called me a liar), I said OK, can you check to see if any are available and he pretended to look at his computer screen for 5 seconds and promptly said NO, but for $40 more a night we can make that happen for you. I do the bogus upgrade for something I was already guaranteed and angrily make my way to my room, once I unpack I call the front desk and complain, they did remove the charges and apologize, so I still had some hope for this place. Next, I jump in the shower, get out and step on some broken glass, after hopping around the bathroom to grab a towel for my cut foot I notice there is broken glass everywhere! I call and complain again, and as I am doing so I find some more broken glass in the main room... the Venetian promises to thoroughly clean the entire room from top to bottom and at no point shows any concern of real care for my inconvenience. I returned from a meeting several hours later and just take a guess what happened, I stepped on another piece of glass (thankfully I left my shoes on)! I call again and let them know this is ridiculous and the snotty desk attendant literally asked me, "Well, what do you want me to do about it" in the most cocky voice imaginable. After some arguing they upgrade me to a different room which had some lovely cigarette ashes in the bathroom! I didn't even bother to call because I knew the management could care less and weren't going to do anything. Quite the first night in what is supposed to be a luxury hotel. After this point, I equated this place with a motel and didn't pay attention to another detail because it would have just upset me. I will mention that four days later those cigarette ashes were still on the counter in the bathroom.I hate this place and I will never, ever, go back... the free shuttle to the convention center is nice, but unless they start handing out gold bars on it, it isn't enough to get me back here. The only positive is Cut Steakhouse (which is technically in the Palazzo). Do yourself a favor and right before you go to the Venetians website to book a room, give the Wynn's a look, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this hotel.  This review is for the HOTEL itself only.  We have been to this hotel plenty of times to play and eat and go to Tao nightclub, but this is the first time we actually stayed at the hotel.  We recently stayed here for 3 nights (1/23, 1/24, 1/25) to celebrate my husband's birthday.Our suite was beautiful, comfortable, and elegant.  We stayed on the 31st floor in room 324.  This is such a great hotel because you do not have to leave!  Plenty of gaming, shopping, and eating within the Ventian, Venezia and Palazzo.  On our last day, my husband got a case of food poisoning (Johnny Rockets) and I remember telling him, thank god we are staying in a nice suite.  If you are going to be bedridden with illness, The Venetian is the place to stay!  The front lobby supervisor Megan was very nice and accomodating on our last day there allowing us for a late check out due to my husband's illness.  She also sent an on-site EMT to check my husband out before our 5 hour drive back to L.A.  I want to stay at this hotel everytime we come to Vegas now!
4	I had an opportunity to stay at the Venetian for the International Council of Air Shows. I absolutely loved this hotel.  It is so beautifully done.  I highly recommend it!  It is a bit pricey, but they literally have everything.  It is in a great location on the strip for walking around to the other hotels and casinos.  The room was beautiful, but not the nicest I've seen. I think the Mirage rooms are probably a bit nicer in my opinion -- The feel of being back in Italy is definitely what makes this hotel worth it!
4	Extravagant and over the top elegant hotel and casino that has everything under the sun you can think of.  The decor and architecture in this hotel exude opulence, so it is a great place to walk around, shop, and eat. It is connected to the Palazzo which was a lot less busy if you want to get away from the crowds. Highlights: Gregorys, Bouchon, the man-made canal.
3	Too big for my liking. Suite was clean and spacious; the place just didn't have a good vibe for me during my very quick visit to town to visit my parents.  My friend happened to be in town and staying in the other part of the hotel, the Palazzo, which seemed much nicer (at least in the casino). I don't gamble much and won at the craps table---must be the reason I liked it!
4	Great location, great suites, great conference center!Location: Located right on the strip, The Venetian is centrally located to popular destinations such as the Wynn/Encore, Treasure Island, Fashion Mall, Caesars Palace and more! You won't run out of any activities and with the shops at the Palazzo you may not even need to leave the confines of the hotel for shopping, dining or entertainment.Suites: All the rooms at the Venetian are full sized suites. That means separate living/bedroom area and huge bathroom complete with marble fittings. A basic suite has 3 flat screen TV's (one for the living room, one for the bedroom and one for the bathroom...so no need to worry about fighting over the remote control! Depending on the location of your suite the views are impressive!Conference Center: The Venetian holds one of the largest conventions centers on the strip. Overall it's a great event space. My one only gripe is at times the air can get stuffy and dry with a weird perfume scent throughout the entire building.Overall the Venetian is a great place to get your party or your conference on in Vegas.
2	For the price of the rooms, it really is just okay.  MGM and Mandalay Bay, which are in the same range most of the time, are a lot more enjoyable and have the same quality of rooms.I was there for a bachelorette weekend getaway a few weeks ago, and spent the whole 2-and-a-half days trying to keep up with these girls, clubbing 'til 4am and running around the casinos.  On day (night?  middle of the night?  morning?) two, my feet really started to give out around 4:30am.  Shouldn't have worn those brand-new slouchy booties... but they're just so cute!  Anyway, every time the group stopped moving I'd slump into a chair at a nearby slot machine to give my feet a bit of a rest (I wasn't alone).  I got glares from staff every time because I wasn't playing, and a couple of times I had them approach me to tell me to move.  The first time, they pretended they needed to do machine maintenance.  Smooth.  Second time, they just flat out told me to play or get out of there.  The place was empty, mind you, as it was 4:30 IN THE MORNING.  So my also-tired friend and I split off from the group to head up to the room, where one other person was already sleeping.  We didn't have a key, and planned to just have her let us in.  Of course, then we ran into "elevator security," the guy who won't let you past his podium without a key.  Back to the front desk to see if they'd issue us one, which of course they couldn't, as neither of our names were on the room reservation.  All of that is understandable, but what ISN'T is that each staff member talked to us as though we were 5-year-olds, assuming we were piss-drunk.  For the record, at that point, we were both sober.  Tired as hell, but sober - I had had one drink 6 hours ago.Anyway, enough of my rant.  I just was not a fan of the staff in the least.  I've stayed at at least six different hotels in Vegas and spent time in all of the casinos (never gambling, always waiting on others - and therefore sitting in slots chairs without playing) and was never made to feel so unwelcome.  I'm over you, Venetian.
5	I absolutely LOVE this hotel! This is where I stay every time I'm in Vegas, and I go about  4+ times per year. HUGE gorgeous rooms, the BEST nightclubs, friendly staff, amazing restaurants and I think the black jack dealers give me luck, because I've yet to lose! Definitely worth the money to stay here over other hotels. Make sure to go to their Grazie players club and sign up. They constantly email offers for FREE or highly discounted rooms!
4	Huge rooms, nice bathrooms, great service, centrally located, and reasonably priced.  I would definitely stay here again, but maybe with more people sharing a room.  Our room had two double beds AND a pull out couch.  It also had 3 televisions, a fridge, and a DVD player.  Awesome!!
5	5 STARS!!!!!!Excellent rooms!  Smells good, all rooms have sunken living rooms.  Venetian has been our first choice whenever we go to vegas.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of your stay.  Although recently they added a resort fee so beware of the extra $14 per day.  (resort fees vary)  Grand Lux Cafe (located inside the Venetian and Palazzo) is the place to go for an awesome dinner.  It is also open late night for all you party people.
4	* I adore European feels hotels in Vegas.* I wanted to ride the Gondola, but I'm too cheap to fork my $16 for a fake Gondola ride.* I wished I got that Gelato. :(.
4	I love staying at the Venetian, so I usually do when I go to Vegas. My boyfriend sprung for a suite with a view, and it was gorgeous. The interior is beautiful and even smells fantastic--not like smoke at all. So far it's my favorite hotel in Vegas. It has so many great restaurants right in the hotel, so you don't have to deal with leaving if you didn't want to.
5	What's not to love about staying at the Venetian? Rooms are huge and are decadent. I always get a kick out of the sunken living rooms that truly give the effect of a "separate" room from the bedroom. I'm not one who usually takes bubble baths---especially in hotels. But for some reason, I always do when I stay here. Perhaps it's because I like their tubs or maybe because I love wearing those fluffy robes. But trust me, you should do it if you stay here too. The pool is pretty nice and spacious but it's not one of the best on the strip. There's good shopping, restaurants, and club (TAO) here. But my confession---it's so huge I always get lost and I've been staying there for years :)
3	Just back from my second-ever trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Venetian and had only a so-so experience. We arrived to check-in at about 4:30pm, well after the 3pm check-in period. Our room was not ready; we were told housekeeping was working on it, it would be ready very soon, and would we mind getting a phone call when it was ready? We said OK, put our luggage in temp storage (a convenient touch, no? Only it cost us an extra tip to the bellman... petty to complain about perhaps, but hey, it wasn't our fault the room wasn't ready). An hour and a half later, no phone call. My fiance went to check the status and not ready, not ETA. We gave it another 15 minutes and then were back in line to complain. While in line, we experienced multiple people ignoring the lines and just walking up to the counter... on several occasions they weren't turned away by the hotel staff, who seemed to think line jumping is "OK"... the patrons waiting in lines didn't find it so... and that includes those in front of and behind us. Once at the counter we voiced our frustrations and became insistent that our room be readied immediately and that we be compensated for our troubles. Miraculously, a room "became" available and we were offered $50 dining credit (which, it turns out, was noted on our account but not actually added... we had to call back at the end of our stay to have the credit applied; we'll see if it actually happens this time). My second big issue is that they turn off the smoke ventilation system in the wee hours of the morning. I'm a nonsmoker and this is a problem for me. The smokey smell accumulates in the room during that time period (about 3 hours starting at around 3am)... it accumulates to the point that we could smell it in our bath towels. While expect to smell smoke in the casinos, I don't expect to smell it in my nonsmoking room and I CERTAINLY don't expect it to be so bad that it is in the towels and in clothes that were never out of the suitcase. While overall the room was lovely, I don't think I'd stay there again: too many other options, including at least 1 hotel right on the strip with no casino, which means no smoke.
1	I stayed at the Venetian in the past and always had an awesome experience.  However, this recent experience completely was totally unlike all others.  I have stayed at more than a couple of hotels in Vegas, and this was truly the worse stay...ever. Day 1: room #1,  felt the springs in the mattress. Was told room would be changed in the morning. Fine.Day 2: room not changed but was changed promptly when we asked.  We walked into our new room (#2) and has not even been cleaned! When we called the front desk, we were placed on hold except they never came back on the line.  We called them again and they told us they would send housekeeping.  Why would i want to stay in a room when I've seen how dirty it was!  We had to physically go back to the front desk, tell them again what happened and have our room switched out, yet again.  Day 3: We come back to our room (#3), and SURPRISE! our key doesn't work.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt, switched out our keys at the front desk and it still didn't work! At 2am, this is seriously really irritating.  We had to stand outside our room waiting for security to open up our room.  Even more irritating was the fact that the front desk kept calling our room.  The room we couldn't get into!Finally, we decided to call to let the hotel know how dissatisfied we were with our stay.  We weren't expecting to get anything out of this except to voice our distaste.  However, the result of that conversation was the hotel offering us "complimentary late check out" when we already told them we will be checking out at 7am the next morning. My friends and I come to Vegas more than a couple of times a year.  In the past, we have stayed at the Venetian as invited guests and had a wonderful experience.  Since this trip was a business trip this time, we booked our rooms like any regular guest and received this kind of crap service.  For a hotel that claims to be "the world's largest five diamond resort and casino and sets the standard for four-star Las Vegas hotel accommodations" they completely missed the mark.  Sad to say, the Venetian will not be a hotel that I will consider staying at again.  For the price we paid, there's just way too many other hotels on the strip that exceed my expectations for a stress free stay and exceptional service.
5	Duuuuuuude! I rolled around on the bed like a cat in fresh laundry from the dryer. Comfort, ease, cloud 9, all a few things that came to mind as I layed down, fiddled with the remote controlled BLINDS and jumped up and down on the bed.Talk about fully decked mini fridge, pantry and a full extended panoramic view of the Vegas strip and beyond that! Phenomenal. I felt like I was in Italy just by standing in the lobby hehe
5	I've had the priviledge of staying here on three separate occasions, and all three times I've had a great experience. Every room at the Venetian is a suite, with a flat screen TV in the living room area and another one in front of the bed. The mattress and pillows are so comfortable you really won't want to get out of bed in the morning. The marble bathroom is also a great feature, with a separate shower and tub (and a TV in here, too). There's lots of nice hotels to choose from on the Strip that are quite a bit cheaper, but I feel like it's worth shelling out the extra money to stay somewhere like the Venetian. I've stayed in both the regular Venetian tower and the Venezia tower, and both have been positive but different experiences. The Venetian tower is quite a bit bigger and very close to the Grand Lux Cafe and Bouchon Bakery. The Venezia tower has a much more secluded feel to it, and doesn't seem to be as busy as the Venetian tower. In terms of entertainment, if you really didn't want to leave your hotel you probably wouldn't have to. Blue Man Group and Phantom of the Opera are permanent attractions here, and i've seen both of them. Blue Man Group is probably best for families/kids, while Phantom of the Opera is a must-see even if you've seen it somewhere else before. They did an amazing job with creating this theater and customizing it for this show. TAO nightclub is located at the Venetian if you're planning on going clubbing at night. Check-in and check-out on our last visit were both very smooth, and we didn't have to wait more than about 5 minutes or so. The employees here are all very professional and friendly. Be sure to put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on your door before you go to sleep, because housekeeping knocked on our door at 8:30am to try to come in and clean!
4	First time here. Have stayed at several other Strip hotels. This one had the best room.The good - The room is large and comfortable. The property is very nice and the amenities on the property are excellent. The price was just right for this type of room.The bad - We asked for a room close to the elevators. I'm not sure if there was an error in listening skills or a cruel joke by the front desk but we were at THE VERY END of the hallway plus only on the 10th floor. You need to be as high as possible to silence the street noise.
5	Best Hotel I ever stayed in.Staying here gives you the feeling that you've made it...even if you didn't.Me and the fee even took the lil boat ride around the casino while some Latina seranaded us in Italian.
3	This is a city inside of its own! The lobby is pretty, casino isn't too big (easy to cross over), several food options, nice suites, not great views, reasonable price for the grandeur, sometimes a little overwhelming, long corridors to get to room, most stuff closes early, keys kept getting deactivated, room service messed up but the staff was helpful in correcting the order quickly. Would I stay here again? I wouldn't nominate it, but would't veto either. It was way better than Westin but just not comparable to Mandarin (the only two other hotels I've stayed at before).
5	you just feel like a million bucks here :)
4	The rooms here are superb.  Spacious, well done -- simply beautiful.  The typical room (which we stayed in) is still a suite. It's close to twice the size of the typical Vegas hotel room, with an L-shaped coach (and 2nd full size flat screen TV) for relaxing.  Speaking of TVs, I was surprised there were actually _three_ in our room.  I'm not sure who watches that much TV in Vegas, let alone needs 3 different shows going at the same time, but hey, it's Vegas.The bathroom is spacious & elegant.  Lots of space for two people to get ready for a night on the town.Judging on the room alone, I would give them 5 stars.  So why 4?  Surprisingly, everything else at the Venetian is sub-par.  The spa is absolutely _terrible_.  (A single hottub slightly larger than a bathtub?)  Like some of the larger hotel, it's a fairly long walk to your room.  However, even the various facilities here are far from one another (e.g., a 5-10 minute walk).  I imagine a lot of it because several amenities are shared w/ Encore.
5	My favorite hotel thus far in Vegas
4	Go on a boat ride here....seriously!!
4	The suites in this place are monstrously spacious.  The beds are soft and comfortable.  Service is quick and customer-centered.  And the hotel is stunningly gorgeous - the decor, surprisingly subtle in a city where fantasy and reality blends and hopes are realized and dashed within smoky hazes and scents of hooker perfumes.Prices are a bitch.  But hey, it's Vegas.
5	Can you say, what a vacation! I don't want it to end! This four star-diamond hotel and resort is just amazingly remarkable! I just fell in love!!!! with the Sistine ceiling..such beautiful work of art! I was in awe of the architectural designs through out the hotel! Oh and how can I forget how I admired the mattress I slept in! I could have slept for days and not have realized it at all...so comfortable..so relaxing...And such Splendid service with more to be said. ...However, be ready to spend lots and lots of the green stuff :) good thing I didn't have to pay for it hehe. liked it way better than the MGM where I stayed on my last day for the night, but I did enjoy the 4 days there :)
4	Fantastic customer service and, I think, one of the best locations on the strip to use as homebase.  Reasonable nightly rates (especially mid-week).  Canyon Ranch Spa was also great.
5	Was here for a work conference.  Nice central strip location.  All rooms at Venetian  Palazzo are suites - about 7/800 square feet.  I have stayed in both hotels.  The Venetian is a little easier to navigate and avoid the Casino floor.  My room was in the Venzia Tower.  Amazing pool area.  Very nice to relax, catch some sun and avoid the business of the Strip.  Leaving the hotel and getting to the Strip is much easier than the Palazzo.  The Palazzo is newer but you have to go through the Casinio to do anything - To the conference center through the casino, to a restaurant through a casino, to the street - through a casino.  You get the picture.  Pallazo is a little more contemporary and newer but the room layout is basically identical.  Service in both is impeccable.  These two hotels are soon to join the InterContinental Hotels Group family.  You can soon earn and burn Priority Club points at these two hotels!Pluses - easy access to the strip, Pool areas are amazing, Service is greatMinuses - Resort fee is $17 (but wifi is included)
4	Stayed here my second time in vegas and really enjoyed it. A somewhat opulent Disney world experience, The Venetians hotel rooms have some beautiful features. The bathroom makes anyone feel like royalty, with a great makeup vanity station. They have tons of craps tables, and we have always been extremely lucky at them. Really had a good experience staying here.
4	The Venetian Hotel! Where all their standard rooms are considered suites (Those 1 king or 2 queen bedrooms with a mini step and rail to separate the living room and bedroom creates a suite room atmosphere). The hotel has it's own world going on inside, and some great restaurants as well. Also they have their own pleasant, distinct smell in the hotel which smells nice! May I borrow some, so I can spray it around the 24 Hour fitness gym I go to?
3	Beautiful property but the place is a maze. I'm sorry - I was completely sober and they have 3 different transfer point for elevators to get to the suites. I can't imagine being drunk and trying to find your room. I went to the wrong room (both have the same # but on different floors) twice while sober. If you love a hotel with shopping and in the middle of the action, this is the place for you. Tao is inside of the venetian and is a great place if you like to be in the scene and crowded. If not, definitely not the place for you.
5	This past weekend my boyfriend and I stayed at the Venetian, we flew in from MD on Thursday early morning. I had made our reservations months ago and had let the concierge know that we would be arriving around 1030-11:00am. I knew check-in wasn't until 3:00 but they asked me anyway. To our surprise when we walked up to the front desk, our room was ready. They said that the note in the computer helped us guarantee we'd get an early room if possible. I was thrilled! They let you use your room key as a credit card throughout the hotel as well which came in very handy so I didn't need to travel around with many credit cards. The hotel was gorgeous. If you haven't looked at pictures of the room, be prepared to be impressed. Sunken living room, vanity in the bathroom, stall shower, flat screens? It was great. The Canal shops make you feel like you're walking around outside in Italy. Gondola rides indoors AND out. Tons of restaurants, fast food courts and drinks! High end shops as well as the usual gift shops. When I made the reservations the woman who helped me said "we have everything- you don't even need to leave our property." I didn't believe her at first. She was right! They also have Phantom, Jersey Boys & Blue Man Group all within the hotel. I definitely won't stay anywhere else in Vegas again. Can't say more good things about this place!*Tips* I requested to be near an elevator (most resorts in Las vegas are HUGE and you might be walking a mile to your room - no exaggeration!) this ended up being great.  Like I stated earlier, I let them know what time I was getting to the Venetian, in case a room was ready. They can also hold your bags if you get there before 3am so you are free to explore.Take the Executive Las Vegas shuttle from the airport. 6 bucks each way, and Venetian is the first stop/last to be picked up. Located lowest level of Baggage Claim by Door 1/2.
5	This review is pretty much just for the room and the pool; we didn't use any of the other services and didn't get to explore the casino or shops that much because we were in Vegas for pretty much just a day and a half!  Still, the time we spent there was fantastic.We were in Vegas for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party; the first of our group arrived on Wednesday, and when they checked in they asked the concierge if our room could be next to or across from theirs.  When we checked in Friday night it turned out to be exactly that (across)!  Very convenient and accomodating.The room itself was amazing.  WAY more than necessary for me and my boyfriend; we had the smallest room which still came with a pullout couch, so if you want to save money you could definitely fit more people in.  As it was with just the two of us though, it felt really luxurious.  Bed and pillows were comfy, and I love that they had a shower, bath tub, two sinks, and a vanity!  We did use the pool on Saturday morning.  Not a lot of people actually swimming, but the pool is heated so the water was warm (the weather was rather chilly, but okay in the sun!).I'd definitely stay here again, but to cut down on the cost (which, I think, was worth it) I'd shove some more people in the room.
1	Don't be fooled by the glitz. The Venetian had a very nice room, but the service at the restaurants was slow. it was also very difficult to get the wait staff's attention when you needed something. They were a bit rude as well. My wife could not get anyone to help her and my 5 year old with their luggage when they checked in (I was at CES and was not there to help them unfortunately). They had to drag all their luggage through the casino and up to the room. What was worse was the management team. When I checked in, I was required to wait in the hotel for 2 hours until my room was ready at 4:00. And then, when I asked for 1 of those hours back for a 1 hour later checkout, they kept telling me "no" Even when I threatened to never return or bring my business to the hotel (we had a group of 6 rooms), they became rude and did not service the request. When I checked out, I asked what was going on that so many people were coming into the city on a Sunday night after CES and the AVN was over. They had no answer, so I bet them $1000 that they did not have data to prove more people were coming in than leaving. The desk manager produced some data, but when I questioned it, he pulled the paper away and said I was misinterpreting the data and that he could not let me have it. I was willing to pay the man $1000 if he could prove it, but he became rude and pulled the paper from my hands. Net- there are many places you can stay in Vegas. Many new properties and old classics like Ceasars. Try one of them and stay away from the Venetian. They are great when you are ready to check-in, but fall way short afterwards.
4	The rooms are all nice and the entire facility is excellent in terms of what it offers.  I could see however where a guest could become "lost" in the shuffle and have a less than stellar stay. My advice, if you need personal attention while on travel, avoid a casino hotel.  If you are a hardcore gambler seeking luxury, stay here!
1	To whom it may concern,I have recently stayed at the Venetian for my 21st birthday. Their customer service was terrible. First, I arrived into my suite and did not realize that there was a sign on the fridge that mentions that we get charged if the beverages were removed. I removed it without knowing and put my own beverages into the fridge. Then I realized that I would have gotten charged I immediately called the front desk and they offered to send someone in to check the fridge to make sure that nothing was opened and to waive the fee if nothing was opened. The following day  I was still concerned on if anyone has shown up to see the refreshments and I called the front desk again to ask for someone to come up to check.  Also, there were many things broken in the room and a repair man came to help fix them so we could avoid and charges happening after our stay. My boyfriend was inside the hotel room all day and did not see anyone come to check our refreshments. We made another call and a person at front desk said that they will just waive the fee for us. We were not informed anything about refreshment "restocking" fee.  On Sunday morning we called for more blankets and pillows at 5:48am and still did not get them until I finally tired of waiting for them until 6:45am outside my room. I went down to the front desk and tried to get them myself and finally around 7am pillows and blankets were sent to our room. Finally, Sunday afternoon someone has come up to our hotel room to check the refreshments. This was a very misleading situation because we were informed that our refreshment fees got waived. We were really confused because we have been informed that it has been taken care of. I have talked to many front desks employees and managers that were informing us that the refreshment fees would be taken care off. I am really upset with the customer service that I have dealt with this past weekend. I left to come back home still feeling unsure about the refreshment situation and my bill. I called today to try to find out how much I was billed and the front desk did not want to help me and said that they would just email me my receipt and tried getting me off the phone not answering my question. Then I have called the Venetian again and spoke to a male front desk person and explaining him the situation about the refreshments and informing him that there were the repair man and the front desk person reassuring us that we would get our refreshments fees waived. He was very understanding about our situation, but wanted to run through the manager. At first the manager stated that I was informed many times about the $50 restocking refreshment fee, but that is totally false. They argued that they have it on their notes that I was informed. Then they tried to say that I stated that I had the drinks in the bathroom. I have meant that the drinks were my own beverages in the bathroom. I am very upset with the way Laurie/Lauren the manager that refused to waive the charged and hung up on me when I asked I wanted the person's name that made the note that was informed because I wanted to get them fired. What kind of service is this? I had to call back and ask for her again and tried to get compensation, but she insisted that she was not going to waive the fee and that was that. I am very upset with the Venetian and the way they handles their customers with their policy and their miscommunications. I want to request if there are any taped recordings of my phone calls with the front desk because the manager I had spoken with had claimed that I was notified on every conversation concerning this matter and claimed that I had made statements that allegedly admitted "facts" that I had never said and the contradictory reasoning that was used to deny our claim.  This experience has been a complete disappointment to me and my guests.  I have never been this upset to make a formal complaint, but based on this experience, I will be making sure that neither myself nor anyone that I know will ever be staying at this disgraceful hotel again.
3	Everything an upscale casino should be...  Just do me a favor and start allowing surrender on the blackjack tables...  Seems like sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.  Great eateries, restaurants, etc.  One of our favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Great location on the strip, as well.  Huge pool(s).  Great people watching.Of late the promotions have really scaled back...  Vegas must not be hurting anymore!
1	I visit Vegas about three to four times a year.  I usually stay at MGM properties and now I know why.  The Venetian is horrible; this is a list of the reasons why this hotel is awful:1. When I arrived I found a beer bottle cap on the couch, yuck is that how they cleaned the rest of the room?2. Not enough towels, only  three small "bath" towels for the suite3. No headphone cord to plug my MP3 player into the radio or TV.  When I called to request one they said the IT department was closed for the night.  Every other hotel I've stayed at provides those cords automatically in every room.4. Staff at Morels restaurant (in the Palazzo) are rude, even the manager.  The manager refused to provide us with a 20% off discount because I forgot the coupon in my room.  So, I had to walk to my room in the Venetian and go back to the Pallazo (10 mins walk each way).  Rude!  When I came back he said he took the 20% off anyways, that he just misunderstood me...whatever I speak clear English and everyone else at our table of 6 understood.5. Staff at clubTao were also rude.  The concierge desk confirmed that we would be on the list for free entrance but the "bouncers" would not even check for our names.6. When I spoke to a "Jacob" (he said he was the manager) at the front desk he said there was nothing he or the Venetian could do about the restaurant or the club because they were separate from the hotel.In summary, stay somewhere else.  The Wynn and Aria have much better customer service.  Don't waste your money and don't let the Venetian ruin your fun in Vegas.  Stay elsewhere.
4	Second time staying at the Venetian and I really enjoyed my stay.  Rooms are spacious with sunken living rooms.  The bathroom is the best part of the hotel room, except for the room that we stayed in the shower leaked water onto the floor.  I love the streetmosphere experience with the replicated Italian streets, gelato stand, and gondolas running through the hotel.   Gambling at Venetian was a fun experience especially if you're winning, but the dealers take their time dealing cards and interact with guests.  Good restaurants like the Grand Lux.
5	Everything about this hotel is gorgeous and classy, even the lit lanterns in the hallways. Plus their rooms are so huge and very beautiful!
3	This place was just eh.  Service was just okay and while the rooms were nice and spacious, the two hotels to get to your room was a buzz kill.  My feet hurt in my killer shoes before even leaving the hotel.  I will say though, when I let a manager know our stay was less than parr, she reversed two nights of the resort fee.  I think next time I would stay somewhere just a bit younger and hipper.
4	This place is HUGE but awesome!  I can see how people get lost in this casino.  There are so many shops, as well as restaurants and attractions! My wife and I had a great time walking this true Paris feel atmosphere. They even have the gondola experience which is quite awesome! Just be aware that like true Vegas style, every shop in here is high end. And be aware that you will be solicited at least 3-5 times for a time share presentation.  They will offer you free stuff, but heads up. All in all this place is awesome other than the solicitations.
5	The rooms were spectacular.I stayed in a Bella suite. We had 6 people and we all fit comfortably (there is a pullout couch!)During our stay, we needed things like toothbrushes, band aids, extra towels, blankets for the pullout couch, and the staff was so great about providing everything free of charge!Also- they have the grand lux cafe- and all those little italian restaurants (like the gelato and panini places) which makes staying there so convenient!The casino is nice- they also have TAO if you're brave enough to go in there on a busy night. (Overpacked and crappy music)The Venetian was such a treat!
5	A recent business trip landed me at the Venetian for the 1st time and I have to say I was very impressed. The hotel was immaculate! All staff was so nice and helpful. The cocktail servers are hit an miss with the friendliness but I did find a nice one who actually came back with a drink and continued after I kept tipping her big. Hotel suite was perfect. I will be back!!!
5	When going to Vegas, I always use HotWire to find the cheapest room (with at least 4 stars and located at the North strip), and it ALWAYS ends up being Venetian. It must be a sign.Plenty of great memories have been made here, and I'm sure that there are many more to come. The rooms are big (big enough for 12 girls!), some have 2 beds + 1 pull out couch, two sinks, and lots of mirrors (to get ready for clubbing). It's also in a great spot- the location makes it super easy to get to the current hot spots (Marquee, XS, Surrender, or even the back-up/safety club, TAO).The rooms are nice looking, clean, and the idea of hugging the toilet doesn't make you sick to your stomach. That's code for I love this place.Warning: The see through shower makes it a little hard to get ready in the bathroom while someone is showering. Also, don't try to walk from XS back to the Venetian. In your 5 inch heels. When you're drunk. Unless you have a penchant for multiple blisters on your foot.
4	This hotel quality really met my expectations, but the late night room service to getting water ( was slow) - had to call twice. The venue itself was really good, people at the front-desk and luggage checks were friendly.  We had 2 queen size beds in our room with 3 LCDs TV. With an ice sofa and a table for laptop/printer.  The washroom was filled with mirros perfect for ladies and there was a separate room inside the washroom for the toilet. The beds were Sealy and very comfortable. The location of the hotel was awesome - if you walk out basically your close to good clubbing @ Tao (connected to Venetian), shopping (The Forum Outlets) was across the street and close to other good clubbing venues. I really recommend this place. And the resort fee included free wi-fi if you choose their hotel.
1	The rooms are nice, but that's the only positive thing I have to say about this hotel.The front desk agent messed up the room they put us in. We paid for an upgrade on the spot and they didn't give us the upgrade. When we asked them to change our room they took FOREVER to send us a key (they quoted 20 minutes, and it took about 45-50). We had to call three times to ask what was up. Then when we got to our upgrade it still wasn't a view of the strip unless you literally stood next to the window. They nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING and they don't even have a coffee maker, a bag for laundry, or any of the things that even Motel 6 gives you. There was no price sheet anywhere for the minibar. I might have used some of it had I known the cost.When we tried to talk to a manager on the phone they didn't let us, so we decided to go down and talk to one ourselves. They compensated us by giving us a free late checkout..that's just insulting. AND the cherry on top was that they "accidentally" overcharged us!!! So now I'm in the process of getting $138 refunded to me. Absolutely miserable.
1	This place is a rip off!  The front desk told us the Suite was lowered to a Special Rate of $250, a bit more than the room we had booked in advance, but much bigger.  When I get the credit card bill, there is a charge for over $400 for the room.  I contacted the Hotel and they informed me that the $250 was an "upgrade" fee on top of what we had paid for the original room.  When I explained to the Manager what the person at the front desk had told us, his response was...well that was verbal and it cannot be verified.  They were not willing to reduce the rate to $250.The room was ok, but def not worth $400+, especially not with the horrible stinch of cigarettes in the room!We would never stay in this Hotel again and don't recommend it to anyone.
3	Very nice hotel but not a 5 star experience.The hotel was very nice and the staff were accommodating for the most part. What was lacking service wise was speed. From the valet to check-in to room service everything seemed to take forever. The valets tell you to call ahead for your car but when you do you are told that you must come down to request it. Room service tells you up front that it will take at least an hour for your food to arrive. When the food did finally come it was hardly deserving of a 5 star rating. The room was nice as well with a good view but the attention to detail was lacking. Clean but not spotless, nicely decorated but a little dated. As an example, the bathroom looked great but upon closer inspection the fixtures were tarnished, the marble damaged, they had horrible water pressure and it was never quite clean during our stay. The toiletries were a joke. They have two flat screens in the suite but they are poor quality with blurry pictures. There were plenty of shops and things to do in and around the hotel. I'd put it on par with a nice Hilton or best western with a whole bunch of extras. It was enjoyable but for the cost I wouldn't stay there again.
4	Enjoyed my stay at the Venetian. Called in for early check in and was told it was a first come first serve basis, so I asked whether rooms were available (12PM) and they said yes and to come on by. Instead of going to lunch and etc after the 4 hr drive, decided to check in and relax for a tad before making it out. This was extra convenient seeing as how we could drop off our bags and not have to really worry about that situation anymore and once the car is valeted it was great to not have anything other than exploring the strip on my mind. The suite was nice and I enjoyed the full L shaped couch available and 3 tvs! The bathroom had his and her sinks and a nice tub with separate shower. Room was really clean, linens were tightly tucked in. Only draw backs to me are the resort fee as it doesn't seem like I ever use internet or other amenities outside of the pool at these hotels. I think I'd come back again, but only after having scoped out a few other hotels in this price range. Also: the front desk staff upon check in was extremely friendly and enjoyed the brief conversation of college/basketball. They also notify you all incidentals and forewarn you before they send you off, which is a nice touch. Don't move the mini bar items if you don't want to pay for them!!!! lol
4	I thought the room here was very nice- all of the rooms are suites so there is a living room and bedroom area.  The bathroom alone was the size of a bedroom so that was cool.  We had 2 huge TVs that we never used, a stocked mini bar, and phone in the bathroom just in case.  Bed = so comfy.  Everything is decorated with gold accents around the hotel, and the gondola area is reminiscent of Venice as well as the frescoes on the lobby ceiling.I wasn't overly impressed with the service or the atmosphere of the rest of the hotel. It was opulent and elegant, but was just missing something.  Upon check in, we walked aimlessly around the casino searching for the guest elevators because this place is so huge. Some direction would have been nice. Our luggage was brought to our room quickly and the bellman gave us restaurant recommendations which was nice.  It was March Madness, but the hotel was packed and smokey like all of the others, so maybe that's my problem.The location is AWESOME. The nightclub Tao is right in your hotel, and you get in a special line as a hotel guest.  The view from the hotel and outside is perfect, and you can walk nearly anywhere you really want to be from here.
4	A really nice hotel with a LOT of things going on.A friend of mine found a deal online for a luxury suite ($130/night). We stayed there for two, and it was for the most part enjoyable.Hotel Atmosphere: It's pretty =) It has shopping areas really close by, the casino is huge, and they have stuff like the Wax Museum nearby. Also, since we stayed at the hotel, we got coupons on the Gondola ride ($11ish a person) - it was great!Location: AWESOME. It's near everything - Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, TI, Mirage. This means that it's near all the pretty good clubs too. Yay for walking distance!Room: Our luxury suite was relatively spacious and nicely setup. Tv wasn't working to the best of it's ability though, and the light switches were weird and placed in odd areas. Overall, it was a spacious place with decent beds and a nice, big bathroom.Service: Room service is quick, workers are friendly.When my friend checked in they gave her a bunch of free tickets to clubs and complimentary tickets to The Phantom. They're generous here.Overall: I'd stay again, and I'd recommend it.
4	Being a local, i'm not gonna be staying at hotels very often.I comped a room at The Venetian and since i had the weekend off, decided to take advantage.I stayed in a Luxury Suite in the Venetian Tower.The room was great.Nice living room area, comfortable bed, 3 TVs(chilling in the tub and watching Mike Tyson's Greatest Hits on ESPN was awesome), epic couch, etc.I had a great view of Wynn Staff parking lot and what appeared to be the Venetian employee parking.It was free so i guess i can't really complain.Just a little disappointed I wasn't able to stand naked in front of the window and have people from the other tower or other hotel gawk at my manliness.The property itself is amazing, being only 2nd to Bellagio.It has a classy ambience to it.There seems to be always something going on there.A great selection of restaurants, bars and the epic Tao Nightclub.I had a free line pass and admission to Tao but i showed up around 2:45am and they weren't letting anymore people in.A great time to be walking around the casino, as you get a great view of hot chicks walking around barefoot(for those of you with foot fetishes).I was a little too inebriated to go to pool, so i will have to check that out next time.Had a great time there and would actually be willing to pay for it next time.Another thing worth mentioning, i ordered a pizza via in-room dining and I was told it would take about 35-40 minutes.Not true at all...it came in 20 minutes!When i opened the door I was shocked to see the clone of one of the greatest Heavyweight Mixed Martial Artists of all time, Fedor Emelianenko.the resemblance is fucking uncanny.If you are an MMA fan, make sure to order food late at night and catch a glimpse of Fedor's twin, Radek.
4	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, but wanted to try something different and had heard great things about the Venetian.  After four of us decided on the Bella Suite, we checked in on a Thursday to a beautiful, comfy roomy suite.  The check in process was easy enough, they let us check in early (around 12) and everyone was very helpful.  I do like that they check your room card before getting in the elevators, and the security is quite good.  The room itself was gorgeous.  Two queen beds, with a flat screen in both the living area and the bedroom.  The living area was sunk in with a desk, and blinds that close by remote.  The bathroom has a nice sized tub (no jets) and stand up shower.  The decor was also very pretty.  They gave us a couple of perks (none of which we used) for 2-1 drinks at the Palazzo, and 20% off dum sum, along with a VIP pass to LAVO.  The pool area was nice enough, although Tao Beach was a bit rowdy for my taste.  The location was what I enjoyed the best, being 2 miles from the airport (they  have a $6 shuttle) and being walking distance to a McDonalds (cheap breakfast!) and discount tickets.  The gambling was okay (not a huge gambler) and one of the perks was having a 24 hour Grand Lux cafe inside the hotel.  All in all it was a good stay, and the price wasn't outrageous.
5	Absolutely palatial.  The rooms are ginormous.  The beds are sooooo comfy.  There is a tv in the bathroom!  The pool area is fantastic with gardens all around.
4	AMAZING!!!This was my first time at the Venetian and I totally enjoyed this hotel! The room was spacious and very appealing to the eye. Only thing I didn't like--front desk said the bar in the room is very sensitive...so if you moved anything, you will be charged for it...hmmmmThe bed was very comfy--soft sheets etc! My fave place was the bathroom tho---huge w/ mirrors/glass everywhere! love dat! I enjoyed watching TV while getting myself together.The location of the Venetian is one of the best--right in the middle. Walking distance to restaurants, macys, bloomys', walgreens(u always need that), and other other hotels near by.I went to TAO sat nite which was cool...we were hotel guests and didn't see the guest line until we were already standing on line for 15min or so---SMH! TAO is huge----music was pretty good as well. Oh, let me not forget abt the restaurant--food was GRRRRRRRRREAT! hmmmm mmmmm mmmm good.For app--we had thai crab cakes w/ mango chili sauce--one of the best crab cakes if i may say so.Main course--i had kun pao chicken....delicious! just the right amt spice and overal just really tasty! My boo had the red snapper--was ok...he enjoyed.I made it to the gym abt 3x out of the 5days I spent-- :-) gotta keep it tight peeps. Took a spin class which was really good(apparently we snuck in). I found out later when i try to take another class that it's $20 a day to register, which always gives you access to Aquanova etc....I think the classes should be complimentary! I also went to the Canyon Ranch Spa for a few hrs---recvd' a full body massage--womp womp!:-(....i felt ok after but I've had better. My masseuse(sp) needed to soak his hands in Vit E Oil for at least 2 days---can we say rough?! and his heavy breathing was a major distraction.All the other amenities in the spa was nice and very relaxing.Overall--I really enjoyed myself...did just the right amt and got more than enough sleep!I will def be back and this hotel is highly recommended.Oh--I went to the Zumanity show at the NY NY hotel--Interesante...hahaha.
5	Didn't stay there but best casino ladies room on the strip.  We tried em all at some point :-)
4	This review is about the Gondola Ride.We took our children on one of the Gondolas and had the best time.  This hotel is seriously beautiful and such a gorgeous environment to do anything in but the gondola ride was amazing. It is only 13 minutes long which is a shame as it would have been nice to have longer but we had a lovely man steering our gondola who chatted away, told us some interesting things and sang beautifully to us.  Our kids loved this experience.
5	I love their rooms!!!! so spacious.  super CLEAN and smells niceI yet have to try the Gondola ride but looks romantic... *AHEMS* hunnie
5	Two thumbs way up!!! Very classy and elegant. This is one of 4 hotels I stay at on the strip. Customer service is beyond superior. They have a mini shopping mall here to. I stayed on the 48th floor. Very roomy and very nice. Well worth the money. Beautiful strip views. I just absolutely love it.
5	There's a mask and costume shop in here that I was fascinated by.  Thoroughly enjoyed the gondolas and the singers on some of them.  :)
5	Beautiful hotel!!  Long walk to the rooms, but wow they are huge.  The restaurants are incredible, Aquanox was my favorite.   Yeah I finally learned to play craps.  I would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again.
1	I went on vacation expecting a wonderful time and not to mention staying a what i thought was one of the best hotels in Vegas but to my surprise i was anything but, We arrived on March 4 Friday and checked into our hotel I was myself and my partner and his friend. we had a pull out coach so when we walked in that was one of the first things we did was pull the coach out to make sure their were clean sheets on the bed, to my surprise there was blood all over the sheets(unacceptable  any where) so my partner called the front desk and very nicely told the front desk. They replied that they could only move us to another room. Now i travel a lot and when ever there is a slight issue the front desk always does something to make up for the mistake. and In this case we revived nothing. there was no manager to speak with  at this time. In my experience there is always a manger on site. At this point we should have left however we had friends coming from out of town and It made it easy that we were all in the same hotel.2ndMy partner and I were going to stay for another night but his friend was checking out that day  so I called the front desk to ask if it was ok to stay in the same room rather then checking out and moving all our belongings  and then checking back in. She replied yes of coarse just come down stairs and fill out the paper work, As our other friend was checking out I went to sign the paperwork. She then told me (ok now your checked in I need you to get your bags and then at 2:00 you can check back in) Now had I know this I would have brought my bags down in the first place. I asked her "cant you call the maids and ask them to just skip that room" she replied no sorry we can't do that. what a waist of 1 hour.  From the way we were treated I would not ever come back here
5	==The Venetian==I've never been to Paris, and as I walk through this hotel, it's an unbelievable experience. The ceiling feels like the sky, the water and all the buildings makes me feel like I'm walking through a town in Paris. It's just so amazing, breathtaking at the same time. I was about to go on the love boat ride, but decided to spend the money elsewhere since it seems like you share a boat with people. haha. In the center somewhere is also a little gellato icecream stand, oooo I love their icecream. I'm not much of a gambling, more a sight seeing and I like to take photos of interesting views. I come to Vegas to enjoy places that try and replica other countries like The Venetian!
2	This place used to be 5 stars no question.Right now, the only reason I give it 2 stars instead of one is because of the great poker room and restaurants they have.  I'm talking about the restaurants Thomas Keller, Emeril Legasse, Wolfgang Puck, and others run.  Not their room service or anything like that.The rooms are still awesome but the service has become flat out awful.  When I checked in for a littler poker holiday (I live in Las Vegas) my upgraded room (which I'm paying $100/night extra for) didn't have a working minibar or safe in there.  Ok normally no big deal...I call the front desk and ask for someone to come in and fix that.  I come back at 5:30 am from playing poker and nobody had been in the room.The next day, I again leave my room and ask for housekeeping to come in and clean as well as do the installations.  I come back about 5 hours later and nothing.  What?!?!  Call the front desk and they say they will send a housekeeping supervisor.  Ok great thanks!  10 minutes later she arrives.I can best describe her reaction to my call as "meh."  Listen Yelpers, I am not a complainer about service or whatever.  I don't need much.  But when I heard her excuse that a housekeeper DID TRY to come into my room but her KEY DIDN'T WORK I almost laughed out loud.  Really?  My key works but her master key didn't work?  Then why didn't she get someone else to come and use their key?  Because I specifically asked for housekeeping before I left since I needed to do some work afterwards.  Real reason no housekeeping came?  They just didn't bother.  If they key really wasn't working they would have found a way to remedy that or left a message on my phone for me in the room.  What a joke.Also, asked the supervisor to look into the missing minibar and safe.  Her reaction.  "meh"  Actually it was "oh this is weird.  Sometimes things are in different places with this suite than others"  Ok...so we search the room and don't find anything.  Her reaction?  "Meh."  No promise to get them installed correctly.  She just says "That's strange."  "That's strange" = "Meh"My past love of The Venetian?!?!  Meh.
5	I don't know how every review cannot be five stars for the Venetian.  I love this place!  The room was absolutely amazing the Gondola was sweet and the shoppes were to notch.  Club Tao is here at the hotel and lots of attractive people.
5	Love it! Rooms are spacious, staff was helpful, and well just pure luxury! It's a nice place to come back to when you've spent and night (and all day) partying in Vegas!
5	One of my favorite places to stay but it is costly.  Large luxury suites, Canal Shoppes, beautiful decor and a very large Sports Bar.  The Suites are equipped with flat screen TVs in the bedroom, living room and the bathroom too.   Be careful not to move the items in the mini bar as you might be charged for it.  Two clubs to choose from Tao and Lavo.  Both clubs are awesome.  A little tip: I was told by the reservations specialist to eat at Tao and you can get into the club for free. The front desk, casino and restaurant staff are awesome.  Always attentive and kind.  I will always return to the Venetian and Palazzo.
4	It helps when work pays the bill, otherwise I would not be able to afford this hotel.I mean really, it's The Venetian for goodness sake.  With it's suite-like rooms, you know it's going to be pricey.  And I know, this is Vegas, I'm sure other hotels have nice rooms too, but in my experience (I've stayed at the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Paris, Hilton Las Vegas), the rooms here are by far the nicest.  I actually wish my apartment in Manhattan resembled it.With it's "living" room area separated by a few steps that elevated the bed space, you definitely felt like you were in a nice studio apartment.  The bed was big and comfy, the sheets and bathroom clean, and despite it being a 1 bedroom, the 2 televisions (one for the living room space and the other for viewing while in bed) added to that studio-like apartment feel.I also loved the easy access to the variety of shops connected to the Venetian.  If you're not in Vegas to gamble, then why not window shop...right?Oh, and for Vegas, I found the staff to be EXTREMELY helpful.  Upon my return home I immediately discovered I had left a small bag of random cables and adapters.  Well, random to your everyday folk, but to a highly technicaly connected individual like me, these random cables and adapters were everything to me.  You would think that someone would have just thrown it out, right?  But no, the good 'ol housekeeping staff turned it into the hotel lost & found/security and they were great about sending it back to me.  Of course I had to pay to get it shipped back, but what do I care.  They didn't throw it out!You just have to luv customer service like that.
3	Definitely number three on my list of hotels in Vegas -- Wynn and TheHotel at Mandalay Bay are both better.Wynn offers unrivaled views from all of their rooms.  Venetian offered us a view of the roof of their casino as well as their parking garage -- it inspired us to keep our drapes closed the entire time.  I'm also not a fan of the single-room suite -- that's not a suite -- just a large room.Best things about the Venetian are the location and the shopping, but you don't have to stay there to experience either of those things.Wynn rivals it on all levels -- no question that's where I'll stay the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	If you're thinking of staying at the Venetian, book a room at the Palazzo instead. Even though they are listed as separate hotels, the Palazzo is basically just the newer and nicer tower of the Venetian, for the exact same price as the Venetian. It is basically one hotel with 2 names, connected underground.There's really no reason to stay at the Venetian if you can get a room at the Palazzo. If you can't get a room at Palazzo, the Venetian won't disappoint you.
5	This is my favorite hotel on the strip.  The decor is gorgeous and the building is breathtaking.  The hotel staff bent over backwards for us.  I asked the concierge where I could buy some toothpaste and she sent up a gift basket full of toothpaste, bubble bath, a toothbrush, and other cute little bottles that didn't come standard in the rooms.  Our room was huge with a sunken living room and there is a flat screen tv in every section of the place.  The bathroom even had a small tv where you could soak in the big tub while watching Japanese soap operas on the Satellite channels.  Make sure to ask what show discounts the hotel will give you.  We got a discount on the Phantom of the Opera which is an awesome show.  I've stayed at a couple of other places on the strip but they will never compare to the Venetian.
5	Can't even count how many different hotels I've been to in Vegas, but this is my very favorite hotel. My numero uno! It's absolutely gorgeous. Has that wow factor. Very luxurious, very romantic, ... very expensive! lol but its worth it. Large rooms, good service and location. Venetian, you never let me down- never disappoint. People, make sure to stay here next time your in vegas. Great for anniversaries, bachelor party weekends, or weekend getaways with your friends.
3	Review is for casino only:  This place is OK.  It's a bit spread out, but it's easy to navigate when you know it's little quirks.  They did move my favorite VP machines but a check with one of the floor people let me know where they are.The audio playing last night--notice I didn't use the word music--was simply awful.  Whoever programmed this must have been high or nuts or both.Not a bad place to play on the Strip.
3	Location: Fantastic. Across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and 10 minute walk to the Forum Shops. Easy access to the Wynn. Rooms: tired looking, stale decor, old school style, no ipod docks, big fat fax machine, difficult to locate lighting, difficult to locate power outlets, no wifi, mediocre bathroom amenities. Fees for the following: Internet access, music channel on TV (seriously), link rooms with friends. Casino: Vibrant and comfortable. Restaurants: Delmonico and Tao are fantastic and well worth a trip whether you are staying at the Resort, or not. Amenities: Everything is available at the Venetian, however its one giant maze - by the time you get your bearings, its time to check out. The Canyon Ranch Spa is overrated and not very practical. Pools: Very very weak for a Vegas pool. One giant rectangle with surrounding chairs. Unacceptable, when compared to other high end hotels in Las Vegas. Tao Beach is an exception. It's loads of fun, but definitely not a place to chill and relax.
5	Just love this place in general. Their rooms are just about the best I've stayed in.
4	The only reason why im giving the venetian a four instead of a five is because of those gahhh awful advertisements covering up the beautiful architecture and the poor restaurant selection. Tao night club is top notch but only when the top deck (tao beach) is open. Otherwise, tao gets wayyy tooo packed! The rooms are huge and always kept clean. I know I know that's a standard for vegas hotels but venetian is always on point with cleanliness and service! If they take down those gahhh awful posters out front then id give them a 5 star no doubt!!
5	overpriced but probaly a once in a lifetime experience.This hotel is massive lots of walking 32 restaurants in the hotel .$14 for a mixed drink in the piano lounge,$32 for two on a gondola ride which you have to do.My wife said she as been in 2 hotels that wre superior both in Montrel,Quebec.
4	Beautiful hotel and casino with a nice price tag that's comes with the room but I thinks it's worth every penny!!!!!
2	Amazing to say, but showing its age in the casino and main tower. The smell of smoke comes out of the air conditioning even in the hotel tower, and the rooms are badly in need of updating.The Venezzia and Palazzo towers "seem" much nicer.
5	Got a great deal so Venetian ended up being cheaper than other hotels.  The front desk employees were very nice and gave us a connecting suite to our friends.  This was great because we kept the doors open to give a feeling of one big party suite.The service in the Casino and the restaurants were great as well (There's a Grand Lux Cafe right outside the elevators that's open 24/7).  The location of the Venetian is very convenient as well.  (Mid-strip and close to the Fashion Show Mall as well as other nice hotels)It's funny that I rated its sister hotel Palazzo 3 stars, but I think it's a combination of the service being much better, the rate being better, and the fact that this room was actually clean.Would definitely stay again (Hopefully SOON).
4	Stayed here for two nights in April (Fri the 8th and Sat the 9th).  This was my third stay at the Venetian and it is still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, followed closely by the Palazzo.  As with the Palazzo, the Venetian is an all-suite hotel - clean, vibrant, busy at all hours, and houses my favorite restaurant, Tao.  We were a group of eleven ladies this trip and two suites were enough to sleep six/five to a room comfortably.The mini-bar is motion-sensor activated, so be careful about removing items from there...even for a few seconds.  If you're a guest at either the Venetian or Palazzo and want to get on the guestlist for Lavo or Tao Nightclub, just let the front desk know.  If you're having dinner at Tao Restaurant, then I recommend getting a reservation around 9pm or later.  This way, by the time you're done with dinner, the club is open and you can just walk upstairs to the club.  Our dinner reservation was for 10:15 but we weren't seated until 10:30pm.  However, once seated, our food came fairly quickly and we were done with dinner by 11:30pm.  Make dinner reservations as far in advance as possible since 8pm and later time slots are very popular.  If you're a party of ten or more, they'll require a credit card authorization form in order to book your reservation.Our rate for each room (booked via its website) was: $199.00/per night$19.04/per night resort fee$23.88/per night room tax--------------------------------------------------- Total Billed to each Suite = $483.84 (see pic of bill)
4	Booked through hotwire. Definitely one of the more high end hotels on the strip, but definitely a worth while experience. The theme imitates the luxurious feel of Venice, Italy, with a beautiful indoor mall and a little river that resembles the venice canal (where you can take a romantic stroll in the gondola). I've stayed in the 2 bedroom suite here. Spatious, beautiful decor, no complaints at all. Bathrooms are big, plenty of mirrors for getting ready, and huge bathtubs (great for soaking after a long night). Great location on the strip and also includes TAO, which a plus if you're into the clubbing scene.
4	Wow, what a pleasure our stay at the Venetian was.Did not gamble here because for table games the minimums were a bit high, but we had a beautiful room.  Spacious bathroom (why no fan in bathroom?) with tub.  Two 720p HD TVs.  Two tiered room with nice sitting area below, three chairs, desk, tables, couch (hide-a-way).We did not spend too much time in the room, but the hotel was massive and really impressive.  I would go back without hesitation, great location, nice staff.
3	I never gamble on the strip the Slots arent known for paying out unless you dump your life savings in them. And even that is no guarantee. The confusion starts the minute you hit the lot. The lanes arent striped very well. They have little cards by the elevator so you know what level you parked on which is AWESOME. The casino in my eyes doesnt have a great layout as well. Confusing to find the banquet hall. Once there though it gets better. And The Grand Canal Shoppes are nice and clean well lit. Perfect windows for window shopping and good places to eat.
4	One of my favorite hotels on the strip.  The food choices here are top notch, and the aroma is flowery.
5	By far the nicest hotel my friends and I have stayed at so far.  We spent 2 nights in a Bella Suite, and the 2 queen sized beds were humongous and extremely soft and comfy.  The living room was on a slightly lower level, I guess "sunken in", and the curtains/drapes over the windows were electronic, and they completely blocked out the light...great for the next morning!  And possibly my favorite thing was the TV in the bathroom, with the vanity table, which were both GREAT for getting ready. :)
3	Honestly this hotel is overrated. Suites...1 starSmaller than what we get at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. Quality is not that great at all.  It is definitely an older hotel that is showing its needs for some major renovations.  Our suite was overdue for some major repairs! First, the door couldn't close so we asked to be transferred to another suite. Instead they made us wait for someone to come and fix it and if it couldn't be repaired than they would let us move. We had to wait over 2 hours. Second, there was putty wherever there were pipes leading into the walls in the bathroom. They really couldn't just change the wall paper as well? Oh and don't spend the extra money for a strip view, it is horrible! We've even had a strip view suite at TheHotel and even though it's at the other end of the strip close to the airport, we had a much better view there than we had at the Venetian. Too much construction going on!Check-in service...3 starsShe seemed to be a bit robotic. Her customer service wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either.Bell service and Valet...5 starsEveryone was extremely friendly.  Our luggage came to our room quickly when we arrived and bell service arrived quickly to pick up our luggage when we were checking out.Dealers, Cocktail Waitresses, Pit Bosses...5 starsMandalay Bay has got nothing on Venetian when it comes to customer service in the casino area.  All the dealers and pit bosses were so friendly! Cocktail waitresses constantly came around and asked you more personally if you would like anything to drink.  The Casino itself was way more smokey than a lot of the other hotels, they should consider better  ventilation.  So assuming you haven't stayed anywhere newer or bigger you may find this hotel to be extravagant, but being a regular to Las Vegas and having the opportunity to stay elsewhere, well...I'm having a difficult time giving this place 5 stars.The only reason I would stay here is because of the Grand Canal Shoppes, The Shoppes at the Palazzo and the friendly atmosphere in the casino.
4	Stayed here from 27-30 May, 2011. Been to Vegas a lot over the past 10 years, but first time here. Check in was nice, lots of receptions and mine was very pleasant. All the rooms are suites or mini-suites. Bed was comfy as well as the large L shaped sofa in the living area. All the drapes are remote control so that makes it feel extra ritzy. The mini-bar has weight sensors so do not even touch or pick up an item unless you intend on buying it. Pool is very nice..lots of singles and groups of singles. Next to the pools is the Tao Beach which is basically an outdoor, daytime club by the pool with a DJ. Location is great..right in the middle of the south strip. Tip: If you make reservations at the Tao Bistro for dinner then you get the hand stamp for the club.
1	Not sure when they started charging the FULL amount of stay as soon as you book and implemented this policy:Reservations must be cancelled 151 days prior to arrival in order to receive a full refund. Cancellations received within 151 days will result in 100.00% forfeiture of your deposit.But any casino/hotel that does this will get a 1 star from me.
3	My ex-favorite hotel in Vegas is getting old.  I haven't been back here in awhile and I don't think I will come back anymore unless they are offering a really good deal.  Similar prices can get you rooms in a better hotel.  The rooms are starting to look beat up and the casino floor is messy, kind of like a Cache Creek or other Indian casino.This is no longer my favorite hotel.
3	The smell!  Aaaghhh.  Don't stay here if you're sensitive to strong perfumes, the Venetian has this awful floral air freshener that makes me sick.  I don't even cramp when I PMS, but for some reason I always develop cramps when I stay here.Otherwise, the Venetian still offers a great deal for larger groups because of its great location and suites that can squeeze up to 6 or 7 people comfortably.  There's also the Grand Lux Cafe downstairs for post-clubbing grubbing.  But you can find all this at the much nicer Palazzo, without the migraine-inducing smell.
2	The place looks nice but it took over 2 hours to get some towels and over and hour for room service.After multiple calls they told me that they had no records of me ever calling for anything... wasn't satisfied.
1	I cannot believe this place... I stayed here with some friends this past Memorial Day Weekend. I was super excited when I booked a Bella Suite a couple months back for the trip but let me just say on the drive back to San Diego I wish I had never done so... regretted it beyond belief!Check-in was a breeze after staff directed me upstairs to a less busy lobby. They gave me some coupons but the only one I used was the "Admit 4" to LAVO @ The Palazzo. The room was beautiful. We actually fit 19 people in that suite... pretty amazing but you can bet it was uncomfortable. This wasn't the source of my distress, however. On my way back to San Diego I checked my bank statement only to realize they had charged me $250 EXTRA. Why??? Did they tell me why?  I had to stay on hold with customer service for more than an hour. They made up some report about how the room was so damaged that they had to hire special cleaners that had to work for hours. They said that they couldn't give the room to customers and that they were fully booked that weekend. STOP YOUR NONSENSE VENETIAN!Don't try to play me and my wallet. I am not amused! You were not worth the inconvenience. Of the the four different employees I spoke to at Customer Service only one was accommodating, the others were outright rude and accusatory.
4	This is the third hotel I have stayed at in Vegas and is by far my favorite. It is absolutely beautiful to look at. I thoroughly enjoyed the gondolas that go through the hotel and the guys that man them who also will serenade you. We stayed in a suite and it was, well, sweet. I am not sure how much it cost because I didn't end up paying for it but whatever it was I'm sure it was worth the money. I liked that they had people checking room keys before you could use the elevators as well. The only reason I am not giving it five stars is because we wanted to ride the gondolas but felt it was pointless because the outdoor area it would go through was closed and dried up. Its in a great location on the strip and has tons of self parking which are both always pluses. I hope next time the gondola ride is back up and running outside!
1	If I Could give this hotel no stars I would. Its a beautiful hotel but I Will NEVER ever in my life stay here again. I went in May for my friends wedding with the expectations of having a wonderful weekend and for my friend to have an amazing wedding. We checked in on thursday and everything was good. They then informed us on friday that we needed to change rooms for some unknown reason stating they needed to fix something in the room which was just the first of the many inconviences to come. We went to our new room we had hung my friends wedding dress in the closet (at this time the bride was not in the room and was in the lobby waiting for her fiance). After about a minute all of sudden the water alarm went off in our room and flooded our room in a matter of minutes so flooded we couldnt even see the floor we grabbed my friends wedding dress immediately when we ran out of the room but it was too late the entitre dress was soaked and black stains were all over it from the dirty water (and fire extingushing chemicals). As you can imagine we were totally in shock and my friends $2000 dollar wedding dress just got destroyed the day before her wedding. You would think the hotel would be the least bit accomadating or apologetic....hahaah ya right the security showed up to the room and was turning the alarm off i asked them a question and the 4 people completely ignored me....i then went to the lobby soaking wet and barefoot with the wedding dress in hand and asked the front lobby what they were going to do about this situation...they didnt even aplogize and proceeded to just move us to another room. they then 2 HOURS later had someone come get the dress and attempt to dryclean it....they couldnt fix it. They told us they would do an "investigation" of who was at fault over this and it would take three 3 days. Well how come the next day my friend had over 40 charges on her credit card that added up to $13,000.....they said it was our fault that we broke the water alarm.....its so unbelieveable to me how a nice hotel like this handled the situation...needless to say we will be hiring a lawyer if necessary and will be writing a letter to the owner of the hotel. PLEASE no one stay at this horrible horrible hotel they know nothing about customer service at all.
4	Beautiful hotel with so many things to do and see and taste and hear.  I love walking through all the shops.  It's very picturesque, just like Caesar's Palace and Forum Shops.  Not quite the same, but similar.  I feel like I'm in Italy.  You can even go on a gondola ride.  Really cool.
4	This review is for the casino only*For some reason , out of all the casinos in Vegas , I love gambling here the most . I really like the ambiance and atmosphere here .
4	Great hotel!We had a total of 5 people in the room and it was comfortable for everyone. Pool was amazing. I would recommend to get there early because it does fill up very quickly on the weekends. Down sides, the hotel is so big it does take a while to get around and I felt "trapped" not having easy access toward the strip, liquor store, etc. The cab is pretty expensive from the airport, about $25. Other than that, I will be back here!
5	A classically beautiful hotel. A real step up from Trump's place. This is what I've come to expect in Las Vegas. The rooms are large and luxurious. The lobby is spectacular, and the shops and restaurants are first class. I'd been here once before, and felt like I was coming home. I'll stay here every time I'm in Vegas.
4	BEST hotel IN VEGAS!!!came here with 4 friends we got a suite in here it was probably the BEST VEGAS EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD!!!and i go to vegas about 3 times a  year since ive turned 21! this place has Great SERVICE an awesome pool very classy and good restaurants in it! it's also located near the center of the strip so you have everything pretty close to you! def cominb back here and i reccomend it to EVERYONE! YOU GOTTA STAY HERE AT LEAST ONCE!!! a little pricey but worth every penny!
4	This hotel/casino is gorgeous, loved it. Large casino where we gambled a little. The shops oh my yes you can drop some serious cash here. Many restaurant options to choose from. The design is beyond gorgeous with the canals with gondola rides. We shopped here, gambled and ate at a nice restaurant. My next trip to Vegas I would stay here, the Luxor or Wynn as all three were beautiful and had so much to offer. You never even have to leave the resort there is so much to do. Still one of my favorite's hotel's. Service is great and the beauty is spectacular. The Italian dream!
5	Largest standard room in Las Vegas. My personal favorite! Great service. The phantom of the opera show is there. TAO pool bar is close which looks like MTV spring break every day. Concierge is very helpful so use it if you need tickets or advice on what to do in Vegas. They can usually set up up with something you wouldn't get otherwise. Saves time too. Get a players club card because they give you points based on how much time you play not how much you gamble. Who knows it might get you something somewhere. The most beautiful of all the hotels and its easy to find things once you get to know the layout, not like a maze like other casinos. I always stay here unless its booked, if they are full go to Treasure Island across the street, a best bang for the buck strip hotel.
3	Not as nice as Palazzo.Venetian and Palazzo are owned and managed by the same company, but Palazzo is much newer and nicer. If you've got a choice, Palazzo is the way to go.Based on quality of rooms, I'd rate the Venetian as four stars, but the price brings it down. It's too expensive for what you get.The loyalty program for Venetian and Palazzo are the same, so sign up. Sometimes they have some great deal that make the Venetian worthwhile.
1	Gorgeous venue. Terrible comp policy. Why would you cut out all comps for low and mid-tier (dropping avg 10,000 per visit) players? Not so bright. This is why half their gaming revenue is lost.Boycott.
4	Through priceline, we secured a suite from 6/14 to 6/17/2011 for $105 per night.  If booked through the Venetian website, the room would go for $179/night.  Thank you priceline!When we arrived, we were greeted nicely by the front desk.  Since it was a Tuesday check-in, the front desk wasn't too busy.  We were first assigned a room at the Palazzo tower, but asked if we could be in the Venezia tower.  They checked and yes, we could be in our preferred tower.  The Palazzo tower is newer though.We were assigned suite 27-312 and it was excellent.  We had a partial view of the Mirage Volcano.  There is free wifi in the room.  You need a password from the reception desk.  The room is very comfortable with a king bed, large bathroom (shower and tub), living area (with couches), a desk and table and chairs.  The king bed was very comfortable.  I normally have a hard time sleeping on different beds, but not this one.  I slept great all three nights.  The A/C was excellent too (a must for Vegas)!We checked out the pools, Tao Beach, and Azure pool.  The pools are very nice and it's always fricking hot in Vegas in the summer, so you (not me) can get a nice tan laying out.  On the way to the pool, be sure to pick up your pool towels so you can lay them on the lounge chairs.During our stay, I used the gym (on the 4th floor) once.  It's a very nice gym with everything you need to work out (free weights, cardio, weight machines, etc.).  The staff is there to assist if you have any questions and they have towels you can use.Overall, a great say at The Venetian.  If you use priceline, the hotel does add $20 to your room for a "resort" fee, so be sure to utilize the pools and gym to make use of the resort.Xie Xie!!
4	One of the most beautiful hotels I have ever stepped foot in. I didn't actually stay here..I just visted a few hours to check out the shops. What can you say? This place is amazing. It's like an old fashioned Italian district inside. With the celings that look like the sky and the little river with the gondolas going through. I loved all the renaissance style shops here too.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here. Restaurants and shops were awesome. Decor was awesome. It has everything besides a buffet, but they have plenty of nice restaurants to make up for it. Suite was very nice and clean. Customer service was great. If you get a chance to walk around make sure you hit up Peter Lik's gallery for some awesome photography/artwork! 5 star experience all around ;-)
5	This hotel deserves more than five stars. This is without doubt the best hotel in Vegas. I just stayed there with nearly four thousand people from my company and they were so organized that we did not have to wait for anything. We all had incredible breakfasts, lunches and dinners for the week. The rooms are also top class. The architecture of the building will amaze you. I have stayed here several times now and it just keeps getting better and better.
4	The real Venice is a true, unsurpassed marvel, and I've had the good fortune to visit twice. But I have to say, I loved the Vegas version. The suites at The Palazzo were new and immense (try the $20 trick upon check-in). And although the Venetian's canals were bright blue in contrast to the murky green/brown of the real deal, it was just so darned cool. Fake blue sky...a scaled down version of St. Mark's square...costumed actors performing Italian songs...a creepy chalk white mime dude who pretended to be a statue...high end shops...bars and restaurants galore....it was fabulous. Eating gelato and watching the canals skim the water whilst tourists were serenaded was pretty romantic. And if you've had enough of the crowds and the ding! ding! dings! of slot machines, you can regroup in the pretty peaceful gardens throughout the immense property.Seeing Love at the Mirage was another major highlight. I'm a huge Beatles fan, and watching Cirque du Soleil pay tribute to the Fab Four was extremely moving. And the food? Vegas is a culinary Mecca, but a sure bet is Bouchon, world-renowned chef Thomas Keller's French restaurant located in the Venetian (one word: escargots). Exploring the strip, visiting neighboring hotels such as the Bellagio and the Wynn, going to the wax museum, shopping, and just chilling made for a fabulous 3-day getaway.Next time I'd like to see Old Vegas and explore some off the beaten path venues, but one thing's for sure, Las Vegas is always awake and in your face with options. And when the darned flight fares go down, I am so there.
5	This place became my favorite hotel and casino in Vegas. The ambiance here totally reminds me of Venice, Italy. If you're not Italian but an admirer of their culture, this is the place to be! The rooms are a little pricey compared to others, but it's well worth it. We stayed in the luxury suite and it was clean, spacious and the cal king bed was super comfortable. We had no issues with anything during our stay including the check-in/check-out.Blue Man Group was an outstanding show and the Delmonico Steakhouse was a great place to dine. They're both on the vicinity, so no need to wonder out on the strip. Check my other Yelp reviews for those. The card tables were pretty good here. Not too crowed but a lot of action. Make sure to sign up for the Grazie card to get full benefits during your stay.   Anyways, I strongly recommend The Venetian, and I will be staying here again in the future.
5	The Venetian is my favorite casino! It appears they shut off the water to the outside canal during the summer, but in the winter, it was beautiful. The canals inside ran during both seasons I went. We ate at an Italian restaurant overlooking the inside canals. It was pricey, but worth the food and service. We were also in awe of the mural on the ceiling at the entrance and how the inside makes you feel like it is always daytime. Simply amazing!
4	If you have an option choose the palazzo.  The rooms are newer, a little bigger, and cleaner.  The venetian rooms seemed a bit worn out and outdated.  The $20 trick got me into the palazzo even though I booked the venetian.  but I didn't want to walk back to the Palazzo so I chose to stay in the venetian.  It was alright.    For the size of the rooms, you just can't really complain all that much compared to other standard rooms along the strip at MGM, Mirage, Etc...If you need a 6 person room, book the Venetian/Palazzo.  if you're looking for a fancy room for 2, just book something newer like ARIA.
5	Didn't stay here, just visited. It is an awesome hotel. The indoor canal and food court and everything is just awesome. It makes you want to visit Italy. The parking is easy and the location is good. The music they play in the bathrooms is catchy.
4	One of my fav hotels to visit and stay at.  After several years, The Venetian still hasn't lost its classiness.  The rooms are adorned with timeless Italian beauty and the casino is a vast floor of attraction.  The exterior captivates you and reels you into a fantasy world of elegance and beauty.
1	I stayed at the Venetian June 30- July 4. On Friday July 1- when my husband and I were at the Pool- my platinum emerald engagement ring was stolen from our room. Since it is an emerald- it cannot get soap or chlorine on it - so I always remove it and tuck it away in the same place. It was physically dug up out of luggage by housekeeping we were told- as we were the only other ones who entered our room besides them. The security guard told us this happens all the time and it was definetly the housekeeper. We filed a report with security immediately and are contacting their RISK management (As the venetian won't deal with this themselves). First off- I did not leave cash out, I did not leave my ring out in the open either. I was responsible with putting it where I always put it - tucked away - it was like finding a needle in a haystack. There was no safe located in our closet- as I checked - so hiding it was my only option. But even if I did leave it out in the open- it's absolutely unacceptable for it to have been taken in the first place. I pay to stay at the Venetian to feel safe. I can easily stay at an equally expensive hotel to get better customer attention, or save half the money and still be treated well. We live in Boston and fly to Vegas 5-6 times a year - so we are frequent visitors. After this weekend- I view the Venetian resort as a bunch of heartless monsters. This wasn't just jewelry. This was my engagement ring. This ring has memories that you can never replace. And not one employee cared - or at least acted like they cared. We went down to talk to a manager after we put up a "Do not disturb" sign because we didn't want housekeeping anywhere near us. And at 3:30pm we walked in to find a maid in our room. When we told the manager everything that happened and that we were fed up she just stared at us. Then she told me that when she travels she puts a lock on her luggage and that you shouldn't trust anyone. Thanks for the advice after my precious engagement ring is gone- thanks for being so thoughtful. She then said she can't do anything to make anything up to us except offer a late check out. I am tired of the rude, insensitive employees at the Venetian. Because they cannot screen their maids and hire thieves - I lose the most valuable thing I own. And all your manager can do is say "I do not know about the incident, that's for Risk management- not me". Are you serious?!Save yourself- and stay at the new hotel the Cosmopolitan. It looks amazing and is brand new. The clubs there are also just as good and the pools are amazing. Beware if you stay at the venetian as they admit their housekeepers steal. DON'T LEAVE ANYTHING behind. You might as well drag your luggage down to the pool with you.I thought the price tag of the room was a reflection of the service you received - WRONG. Room Tip: Stay at Cosmo down the strip...
5	I've only stayed in Vegas three times. Once in Planet Hollywood (ehhh), the other time at Bally's (mehhhh old) and then the Venetian (ahhh :-) ). There's no comparison. Our suite was so great. We stayed inside most of the day, laying around and soaking in the awesomeness of our room. My friend said it best when we were talking about the beds: "It's like sleeping on a big fluffy cloud."There were THREE flat screen TV's. One in the living room, one where the beds were, and one in the bathroom. We had a separate vanity area, which was even more amazing, I wasn't in anyone's way.I'd stay again. Bigger suite...
4	First off let me say that I'm from Hawaii and I go to vegas about twice a year.The Venetian...I LOVE it here.  Out of all the hotels I've stayed at, I prefer to stay here.  Granted I've never stayed at the Bellagio or the Wynn...yet.  But I have stayed at a lot of others.The Venetian is just beautiful.  The rooms are awesome!  It's an all suite hotel and the rooms are big.  The room has two levels with about 3 steps separating the levels.  The bathroom has a small tv in it.  There is a shower and a tub.  The curtains are automatic.  The rooms are clean.  What else is there to say...When you walk into the Venetian, you'll be able to smell it.  I can't put my finger on it, but its a good smell.  My friend and I LOVE eating at the Grand Lux Cafe.  They have all kinds of food.  My favorite is the carbonara.  Phantom of the Opera is a GREAT show!  I would of gave this hotel/casino 5 stars but it deserves 4.  Here are my reasons.1)  There was 1 time where we asked for a non-smoking room and it smelled like smoke.  Almost as if someone had smoked a cigarette just before we came.2)  Once in a while you'll get a room where something is broken, like a lap or the electronic curtain.  A lot of the times, the sink clogs.3)  The dealers are not very friendly.  Come on dealers, smile or give me some dabs once in a while.  Geez!4)  It is super duper hard to earn comps now.  A couple years ago, we would normally receive free room stays but now, nothing.All in all, I would prefer to stay here...BUT it is pretty darn expensive.  Now that we don't get comps, we normally stay else where.
4	The rooms are very luxurious, the service was awesome, and it is reasonably priced for how luxurious it was.  I will be back.
4	The rooms are gorgeous but the views are horrible.  Of course, who stays in the rooms at Vegas?  Anyway, I had to conduct a little business.  The 800 phone call from the landline was free and the internet was included.  I liked that aspect.  The main pool on the 4th floor was gorgeous on Thursday and Friday.  On the weekend, it was disgusting.  It was so crowded and unknown particles were floating everywhere.  I wouldn't go in.  The spa is reasonably priced $20 and full of all kinds of activities from spinning classes, yoga, rock climbing, etc.  Very lush.  The casino tables are too expensive.  However, right next door is a cheap casino called Casino Royale where you can play craps and 21 for $3 during the week and $5 on the weekend.  We had a great time gambling and most of the gamblers were staying at the Venetian or the Paris.  All in all, a great place to stay (minus the pool on weekends) and we will be staying there again.  One other complaint, the TV stations were non-existent.  I enjoy watching TV on vacation and there wasn't anything to watch.  They had very few stations and most were off-beat cable stations.  Also, check-out is archaic.  You still have to wait in line.  They should email your bill to you on the morning of checkout or slide it under the door and call it a day.
3	Not much to review about here. Interior is great, they also have inside forum shops to check out. This hotel is also connected to the Bellagio. Not a fan of this hotel much, but I'd much rather come here than Rio as there is more to see than that casino. Like I said above about what I like about this place is the interior great looking above the clouds indoor view while there is also a little Ital boat ride thingy mabob, which is cool. Other than that, I didn't gamble or stay at this hotel so can't review much about that.
4	The wife and I just stayed at The Venetian for 4 days and our stay was very comfortable, and we felt like it was definitely worth the money. We did get a pretty awesome deal for $149 a night. Originally the room was supposed to cost $169 a might but they had posted a deal on Facebook and I called the Hotel Concierge and they were happy to honor the deal they had posted and tweeted about.All the rooms are suites with great accommodations. The staff was all very friendly and definitely demonstrated excellent customer service which I greatly appreciate.  The pool was awesome, clean, spread out, and the staff was amazing. This is the first and only high end hotel in Vegas where they actually assisted us with finding pool chairs and offered us water. Very organized and I appreciated how attentive they are at keeping it clean and making sure everyone gets 5 star treatment.We tried the Fusion Bar inside the casino; they have  great mixologist there, my only suggestion would be to make it more like the champagne bar that we also tried there. We tried the Taquerio Cantino Restaurant I would not recommend this restaurant at all the food was awful and did not taste fresh or like authentic Mexican food at all and the drinks were absolutely terrible. I had the Sangria which was entirely too sweet and bland as far as alcohol goes, my wife had the mojito which tasted like minute maid fruit punch. I am sure all the higher end restaurants were probably good but we thought somewhere along the middle would not be bad since it was in The Venetian... Wolf Gang Puck's Rive Cafe by the pool was fabulous and was probably the best food we had on our entire vacation. We will definitely be back to stay at The Venetian....
4	One of the better places I've stayed on the Vegas strip... for the price.- Pools are great, but crowded (as any Vegas Hotel pool).  - Casino was incredibly overpriced (typical of any upscale Strip Hotel). - On-Site Restaurant selection was great.- Spa was nice (but small)- Massage was okay (felt rushed)- Good In-house discounts were offered- Destination Resort (no need to leave property)
5	I love  this Hotel.  This (and the Palazzo) is my "go to" hotels in Vegas.  Yes, it is more expensive but DAMN, everything is so nice here.  After a couple of times with my boys, my newly wedded wife wanted to go to Vegas with me.  Since it was her first time, I had to go all out for her and we stayed at the Venetian.  You don't understand how happy I was to come back into the room to find my wonder wife in a bubble bath, watching TV, and chilling out to the max in our 5 star bathroom.  Every service we did (yup, she got room service too) and everywhere we went (in the hotel) was up to par in this five star hotel.  Would I come back?  Most definitely..  and I'll bring my friends too.
3	We stayed at the Venetian on a Saturday and Sunday night and left on Monday.  Hey... by the looks of this place on Saturday night when we checked in, THERE IS NO RECESSION!  :0)   The place was packed and this place is not cheap! It was nice but my only bone to pick was the confusing maze to get to our room... we were not told HOW to get to our room.. it would have helped greatly!  We stayed in the Venezia tower and it was crazy to get to our room.. go down a hall, take an elevator to the lobby of our tower.. then you go either left or right... a guest directed us down one way because nobody was there to help... and we ended up going up the wrong elevator to get up to our room... it took us to the other end of our floor.. so it took forever to walk to our room w/ all our luggage!  we figured things out that night and there was an elevator right around the corner from our room... the annoying thing is that here is only one ice machine on the floor..and go figure.. its at the elevator on the other end of our floor... grrreat...  the room itself was okay...it was big.. we were looking for rooms in vegas w/ a couch because there were 5 of us... our room had 2 queen beds and a sofa bed... it was great having 2 separate televisions in the room....  the only thing i wish the room had the sink outside of the bathroom... so that at least we can use the sink while someone was showering.... I quickly realized on Saturday night that if you have young kids and want to walk around kinda later at night, Friday and Saturday nights may not be the nights you want to be in Vegas because there are soo many young people going out to party at the clubs..and you will run into young people drinking or already buzzed or drunk in the elevators going to and from your room...  it didn't bother me..but i didn't really want my daughter around all that...
2	Room was spacious, ice machine on the 28th floor broken all weekend, hotel workers talking really loud outside our door for 30 minutes a broken key card maker when we checked in and ambivalent front desk and most maids were nice but we met one that was mad that we asked for an extra soap
4	I recently reserved a suite here for my gf and I...and I must say, our suite was really nice!! It was well furnished as it came with a king sized bed, 3 TVs (if you count the one in the bathroom), a long lounge sofa chair, and a a living room area complete with a round table and a 2 large sofa/couches with a small coffee table.The bathroom itself was large and contained a stand-in shower and also a bathtub and a large countertop containing 2 seperate sinks.The AC was crisp and cool and was such a relief when coming outside from the 100+ degree heat. The only thing that really irked me was that the stereo/alarm clock hybrid machine next to the bed did NOT have an iPod docking station!! WTH? Of all places, especially a suite at the Venetian, I would have expected them to have some kind of iPod home docking station for my iPhone or iPod so that I can play music...I actually called front desk and they told me that I could rent an iPod docking station for $35/day...I was thinking in my head ARE YOU SERIOUS? Major fail right there.But I suppose I could overlook that little blemish there, as the casino is easily accessible on the first floor as well as other misc restaurants and eateries. (e.g. Grand Lux Cafe, Noodle Asia, etc.)Overall, this hotel was one of the more enjoyable hotels to stay in as they have all the modern amenities of a 5 star hotel + more!Did I mention TAO nightclub (whose tagline now is "always a happy ending) is at the Venetian as well? If you stay here, you get complimentary tickets to get into TAO...you don't even have to wait in line! :)
4	Sweet room's both senses of the word. What is not to like about a a 550 sq. ft room with a killer view of the strip and in a great location. North strip is the place to be. 10th floor Pool was very intimate and has an Italian garden feel. Restaurants were good and the casino was nice not too smokey. I notice these things because I do not gamble but you can't not walk through it so I always notice the smell. I would recommend it, hotels.com usually has a pretty deal. Great hotel for under $150 a night.
3	Its okay, I stayed at TI, MGM, NYNY, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, Excliber, Monte Carlo, and now the Venetian.Pros: Great location, its next to the fashion mall, next Wynn and Encore, next to Mirage, and near Caesar- Has a great pool- Tao Beach- gambling there is fun- alot of kool people hangout here- gandola rides- noodles restaurant is decent asian food- has walgreen nearbyCons: expensive, kind of overated, its a good place to stay at a high price- has alot of franchise food- italian food everywhere- no cheap food- TI maybe a better value, you can just crossover the bridge
3	The hotel is in a great location and has a lot of things to do in the hotel.  The rooms are all suites and pretty nice.  Not Wynn nice, but nice enough. However, the place is always super packed.  I felt like I was dodging people the whole time and the hotel layout is a mess.  From the parking garage, we had to go to the third floor then walk through an odd hallway into the casino, take an escalator down and walk some more.  Then, we waited 20 minutes to check in.  Lastly, getting to our room required taking two elevators and meandering through more hallways.  Good thing I am not 1) handicapped or elderly  2) out of shape 3) stupid because I think that getting around this hotel is confusing and requires too much thinking when you are just trying to eat, drink and win $.   There are positives!The rooms are all suites.  The bed was big and comfy.  Housekeeping did not once knock and harass us (but we get up pretty early by LV standards) and housekeeping did a quality clean up job. My fav part of the room was the large bathroom with two sinks, a tub and separate shower, a vanity table and lots of towels, soaps, lotions.   Yes, the hotel is pretty.  Yes, they have a lot of famous chefs and fancy stores to shop in, but the annoying layout and butt-load of people just frustrated me.  P.S. The price difference between Venetian and Wynn wasn't even that big on the weekend we went.  So depends on the price, but I prob wouldn't stay here again knowing there are far better deals for the price.
4	I've stayed here a million times, fitting up to 13 people at once.  All their rooms are suites which is nice, with 3 beds and 2 tubs.  The bathroom is definitely one of the most spacious out of all the hotels I've been to.You've got the Grand Lux Cafe to eat at, Tao Beach in the day, and Tao the club for night time.  All are spacious and happenin'.The Venetian is also pretty much in the middle of the strip (and everything) I feel.  The shops are great (I love how it always seems like it's daytime despite it being late at night).  The gondola ride is sappy but you can do it once in your life, and I've even tried those oxygen bars ('eh, didn't feel a difference).The Venetian pretty much covers all your needs (oh, and it has a casino of course.  I just try to stay away from that, unless I'm playing War.  Yeah, you heard me.  Side note: I witnessed a guy continually win at War, so much so that they had to close the table down.  It can happen).
5	I've stayed at almost all of the major hotels on the strip, and this is hands down my favorite. All rooms are nice roomy suites, amazing pools, great food places---definitely stay here if you're in Vegas.
4	My fiance and I were in Vegas for a business trip. The company was nice enough to put us in the venetian.I didnt expect a suite so when I walked in I thought I had walked into the wrong room. This room is magnificent. Great king size bed with a sunken living room that had a couch, two sitting chairs, and a nice work desk. The room boasted two flat screen TV's. In the closet hung two robes which was a nice touch. The bathroom was very spacious. Shower, a sperate tub, and a vanity which made my fiances week. All in all the room was nothing short of perfection. The hotel boasts a great pool area, nice casino, and many restaurants. The service was great. One example is that I had to dry clean my suit which they picked up at 12 midnight and had it ready and delivered to me at 8am.The only knock is that the hotel layout is a bit complex. One had to take two elevators to get to the room. Not a big deal but somehow everyone we knew would get lost at least once a day getting back to their room. If you coming back to the room after a few drinks you might find yourself pacing up and down hallways wondering if you are going crazy.If one doesnt mind paying a few extra bucks then I strongly recomend the Venetian.
5	Great place to stay!! Service was excellent!  Tops on my list of places in Vegas!
4	An oldie but a goodie...I've been a fan of this hotel for some time and recently had to stay at this hotel again earlier this month for a bachelor party.  This place never fails to meet and exceed my expectations.  Although the "newness" of the hotel has faded away over the years, one thing that remains the same is the high quality service from the staff and the decor of the rooms.As mentioned above, we stayed here for a bachelor party.  We had 2 Rialto suite rooms.  When you go to a room w/double doors, you know that you've officially arrived in Las Vegas and are in for a good time.  As for the inside of the room itself...this rooms are freaking huge.  If we were truly trying to be asian and save some money, we probably could've fit all 10 of us in this room comfortably with room to spare.  The room came with 2 queen beds and 2 sofas (1 can be used as a pull out) on a separate level.  Bathroom is pretty standard for Vegas hotels.  Typical...glass shower, whirpool tub, dual sinks, and toilet.If there is one complaint I have about this hotel, its that the furniture could just a bit of renovation.  It seems a bit dated and you can see a bit of the wear and tear over the years.  Secondly, I'm not a fan of not having locks on the bathroom doors but I guess that's their theme or thing.  So that's not really a complaint as much as it is a suggestion.Overall, the experience was great and met all of our needs.  Everyone left that trip with nothing but a great time and good things to say about the accommodations.  Definitely would stay here again.
1	I am so blown away by this sophisticated & beautiful hotel. One of the best in Las Vegas. The decor is breathe taking, and this place always smell like a magical garden. With so many top notch restaurants, spa services, shows, and clubs to choose from. It's vegas luxury! The last time I stayed here, July 2011, it was such a BIG disappointment. There was a total of 8 of us. One of the bed broke and fell flat to the floor (no, there were no foul play)! 6 out 8 of us left with some kind of bug bite that looks like a terrible case of eczema/rash! The mechanic curtain didn't work. The main T.V. didn't work. Actually, disappointed is an understatement, WE WERE DISGUSTED! How can this 5star resort & hotel failed us so miserably!!!!!? (please view pictures of rash)
4	Very Beautiful... We stayed for eight days total which is a long time, and i can say we had any complaints. we arrived around 10am and the check in was at 3pm, but after trying to get us to upgrade to a higher floor, because supposedly they didn't have anything else available,(we were prepare to wait ) but they did find us a room with absolutely no view, except the back of another building, but after such long flight, I didn't care. This hotel really does have everything you need we hardly went anywhere else, except to see other shows. The Pallazzo hotel which is basically the same because they are connected, was beautiful, out of 5 restaurants we tried inside the hotel 4 were amazing. The suites are very spacious, the cheapest suite you can get there is really, really nice, loved the decor. The reason I don't give it the five stars is because i thought the beds weren't that comfortable and the pillows are terrible, and I really didn't feel like the Hotel staff doesn't go out of their way to make your experience special, like other big hotel I have stayed at. Places that are a must try at the Venetian hotel and Resort: * Morels steak house and French Bistro: very pricey but sooo worth it, they have a special menu for wine and cheese parings is $35 for three different glasses of wine and three little pieces of cheese, the also include honey, preserves and slices of bread...Amazing!!! *The Blue man group: great show, very, very funny, great for kids. but beware the front row seats of the theater are the cheapest, and even though they give you a poncho to protect your clothes , you can get wet and or dirty. Two things i was looking forward to doing during my stay at the venetian and regret doing: * Lavo nightclub: not worth the high cover charge and they huge line to get in, you won't be missing out on anything special. *gondolas rides: you pay $16 per person or $64 if you want the gondola to be private, is a 5 min ride, you have to wait about an hour to go on it, kinda of boring... Good hotel but it really didn't impress me, next time I'll try something else, maybe I had too many high expectations,but for for the price of this rooms who wouldn't.?
1	I will never stay here again.  No signage to direct you from the parking garage to the registration desk.  We, along it other guests, wondered around dragging luggage for about 20 minutes. We finally found someone to direct us.  We arrived at the registration desk to a very long line of people waiting to check in.  Finally got our room key card.  Of course had to wind our way through the casino to the bank of elevators to get to our room.  When we got to our room, the door was ajar and someone else was in the room.  They had been waiting to get moved to another room.  The front desk moved us too--to a room on another wing. Dragged those suitcases some more.  And, all they offered for the inconvenience was to remove the $17 resort fee.  Stay at the Wynn-- we had a much better experience there.
1	Wow where to begin? First the rooms arent sound proof, expect to hear screaming children at 4am in adjacent suites, generator noise from outside your windows, noise from clubs, guests above you walking.  Second the staff arent very accommodating for room changes or addressing the noise issue.  Most hotels will do room change regardless of time of day.  I was told to wait till morning and the staff seemed okay with the family next door's children run up and down the hallway and scream.  Third, most places treat Amex holders well, this place treats you like a nuisance.  Amex Plat holders using FHR are supposed to get free upgrades, but when you arrive for check in, they ask if you want to pay for an upgrade avoiding any mention of the amex upgrade, but get a bit unsettled when you mention the amex upgrade.  The free breakfast for amex customers is a costco pastry and coffee that must only be done through room service.  The comp dinner or lunch is restricted to one restauran(bistro pinot)t, and its limited to a set meal for amex holders with limited selection.  Would have taken even a 20 dollar credit that could be used at say Bouchon or B&B. Other hotels will offer a generous dining or spa credit, comp champagne, etc.  Fourth, this is supposed to be a luxurious hotel, yes its beautiful and the rooms look great at a quick glance,but upon closer inspection its obvious that an accountant runs this place.  Everything from the cheap chinese brand toiletries(not even hotels in china would use), Aomni brand TVs, lack of sound proofing, blow dryer without a cool button(what is this 1989?), to mushy beds(I actually slept on the couch and its quite comfortable) shows they care very little about making your stay great.I spend about 10 days a year in vegas every year for work for the last 6 years and I never had any complaints about any other hotel.  There are much better options nearby, like the Wynn, the newly renovated rooms at the Mirage, Encore, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Caesars.The are some positives, they have great restaurants, Carnevino, B&B and good shopping at Barneys well by Las Vegas standards anyway.
4	my go-to hotel with my girls. been here so many times that i am sick of grand lux cafe. altho the food is good and it's open 24/7. the rooms are spacious, well priced and location is great. they have a coffee bean which is great (+2 stars). only (-1 star) is that wifi is not free.
2	Rooms are nice, but so many things are just horrible. Was put on hold 45 mins multiple times when trying to call the front desk or business center. $1 a copy to print a page given the high room fee? Lousy service downstairs and people harassing you worse than anywhere in the world to sell shows and upgrades? Cheap
5	I love it here! Stayed here for 3 nights in mid June.Suite was huge! Couldn't have asked for more. It was just perfect.We will definitely stay here again.
5	I love this hotel!!!  We stayed here for two nights to celebrate my husband's birthday, and our stay was just perfect.  The hotel, of course, is beautiful.  You know that you're in a five star hotel the moment that you pull up to the valet.  It's as close as you can get to Venice without leaving the country.  I also liked that it was connected to the Palazzo.Our suite was huge!  We had three flat screen TV's - one in the sunken living room, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom.  The sunken living room had a sectional couch, coffee table, and work desk.  We had a party in our room, and our suite was able to accommodate all of our guests.  The bed was beyond comfortable so we were able to get good sleep after a long night of partying.We also got all the hook-ups when we were there.  Right after we checked-in and on our way to our suite, this gal asked me if I wanted to be put on the guest list for Tao.  I said yeah!!!  Tao was in our itinerary so it was great that we were offered to be put on the guest list without having to call concierge.  The next day, the gal that hooked me up sent me a text message and told me the she also put me on the guest list for Tao Beach!  The hotel also gives you complimentary line pass and admission to Lavo.  It was great to get all hooked up!It was also nice that we were able to get account services through the television.  There's no need to fall in line downstairs to check out.  We got everything settled right from our suite.We truly enjoyed our stay at the Venetian, and we will definitely be back!
5	This is my favorite place to stay. My husband and I use to stay here all the time.  The accommodations are fabulous.  LOVE it! Flat screen in every room. Robes and slippers ready for us.  The suites are HUGE and the bed is sooooooooo COMFY!!!  It's one of those places where you really need to see the place for yourself, it blows your mind and takes your breath away.  You feel like royalty when you stay there.  At least I do. :DIf you can splurge on the upgrade for the venetian lounge, you should do it.  Finger food, drinks, and free wifi... can't beat it. The only problem is when we play high and long, sometimes our hours don't get counted so we lose money and we don't get credit for them.
5	This and the Palazzo are hands down one of the nicest hotels on the Strip.  The standard rooms are suite style at 700 square feet.  You enter to a foyer area which leads you past a LARGE bathroom with marble counters and tile floor.  A glass shower and tub as well as a separate water closet. One either has two queen beds or one king bed as well as sunken living room with L shape couch and TV.  My friends who were visiting us in our room staying at other properties were also impressed. There are multiple pools which are large and very nice.  If you want to lay down and relax you can pick on the secluded pools or if you want to party head to Tao beach.  There are also tons of food options on property included Grand Luxe Cafe which is open very late which is great for after the clubs.
4	Stayed here from a Monday to a Wednesday in the beginning of August. The room (a Rialto suite)  was awesome, even with 5 guys in it. More room than we really needed, but considering we were a group of five guys, we did a lot of pre-party drinking in the room, so it was worth doing it right.The casino was gorgeous, though a bit expensive for us. Which leads me to why 4 stars not 5. If you are planning on doing the cheap drinking at O'Shea's, Casino Royale, Bill's Gambling Hall, OR plan on seeing the younger crowds at the Cosmopolitan, it is a loooooong walk. Even longer in 105 degree heat. So it's a 5 star rating in a 4 star location on the strip. Still, if I was staying here in the future, I wouldn't complain at all.Also, the poolside mojitos, even at $10, hit the spot pretty well.
4	Overall, the hotel was pretty nice. I have always wanted to stay there so when I got the chance to stay there for free, I couldn't turn it down. However, if I had to pay, I think I might have given it 3 stars instead of 4We stayed in the Venezia tower, and straight up, it is amazingly confusing. It is like a damn maze trying to get around in there to and from the elevators, took like 10 minutes to find the ice machine (I thought I was just stupid, until I had like 5 other people ask me if I knew where it was when they saw me coming back with a bucket of ice) and there isn't a sign like anywhere else saying ice machine with an arrow pointing somewhere. To get to the main Venetian hotel, you either have to go through a maze in the Venezia tower then through the casino and up some escalators, or go through the maze of the Venezia tower, then across a bridge hallway to the main tower, and then to where you would like from there. This includes getting to the pools, food court, and palazzo which I got sick of very fast. Along with that, almost everywhere they have security asking to see your room key to make sure you are staying at the hotel. At first it was kind of nice, but got annoying super fast having to walk with your room key out all the timePersonally, the pools were not that great. I didn't go to Tao beach, but the regular pool had a gross layer of sunscreen and other crap along the edges which grossed me and the people in my group offOverall, it was nice but I don't think I would stay there again unless it was comp'd again
5	Had a baller ass suite! Gym , hot tub, living room and sauna.  When im picky I tell people to book me here!  Room service loves me as I love them. I ask for a robe they bring me plenty and nice ones at that! Room service will clean the room at the drop of a dime mid day or midnight!
4	nice casino
5	In Vegas you can go two ways. First, you can go and party like a rock star where you indulge your inner gangsta/diva and show up wherever you land with style and swagger, or pack yourselves in- 8 to a room, stay off strip, and bargain hunt... If option two is your idea of a good time, you best take your fanny pack and perm and move on!  When I go to Vegas- I like to feel like high roller, not just look like one.  Venetian is my favorite hotel on the strip, and trust me I have stayed at most of them.  Every room is a beautiful suite with upscale furnishings.  I adore the huge bathroom with marble floors and French double doors, huge Jacuzzi tub, large stand up shower and the lovely vanity and stool for all of my beauty supplies, which are key for my Vegas transformation!  Clearly I spend the most time in the bathroom!  But the living room and bedroom are fantastic too.  Two large plasma TV's, Wi-Fi, and plenty of closet space comes basic at any room here with the option to upgrade if you're a baller. At check-in request a view of the strip.  They charge more for rooms on that side, but if you ask at check-in they will hook you up if they can.  The service is great here.  The beds are comfy, the sheets are crisp, the casino smells like pleasant perfumed air- not cigarettes and there are not a lot of ghetto people staying here- just a few! :) Hey- it's Vegas, you can't control everything!   .  The hotel itself is stunning.  Its opulent and lavish and totally over the top amazing- don't forget to look up to see the replica of the Sistine chapel ceiling.  Why go to Italy when you can go to Vegas?!  I don't gamble- I shop, and I love to shop in Vegas.  I heart that Venetian is hooked up to three really wonderful malls.  I can walk from the hotel to Fashion Show, my favorite mall in Vegas.  Fashion Show has a Nordstrom... just saying.  Not that you need to go to Fashion Show because if you stroll the shops between Venetian and Palazzo (both casinos have their own malls) you will find two fabulous malls with every store you ever needed including a Barney's New York, Sephora (its near the wax museum), BCBG, MAC, Michael Kors (my favorite store to visit in Vegas) and many many others.  Another reason I adore Venetian is because they have a fabulous scene.  I have great affection for the beautiful pool!  I have spent entirely too many days having a spectacular time out there... In addition they have a great spa, great restaurants- especially Grand Lux at 4 a.m., dope clubs- Lavo and Tao... It's just a great time all around!     I have stayed at Bellagio and MGM Lofts (my friend hooked that one up), which would be my next choices by the way, but for the past 4 years Venetian is my first choice in Vegas.  Hopefully I'll see you there! xo
5	Stayed in "Bella Suite" and liked it very much. Booked this suite about a month and a half in advance so it came to $535 for two nights, which isn't bad since we had 8 people splitting it.Bella Suite is awesome. Spacious layout with two queen-size beds, L-shaped couch that can fit two bodies comfortably, and lots of floor space that we had a blowup mattress on that fit two more people.Bathroom was big and spacious. Double sink with shower stall and tub separate.Grand Lux Cafe open 24hrs downstairs makes the Venetian even better. Located in a great spot with access to other good hotels with restaurants and gambling spots.
4	The Venetian is one pretty bad ass hotel. I didn't stay here, but friends of mine and I went here for an early b-day dinner celebration.  Her actual b-day was on a weekday, but since majority of us flew here to Las Vegas, we decided to have it before we all flew out.  We dined at the Grand Luxe Cafe and it was pretty awesome. Spacious and luxurious, among other choice words to use.  Had the avocado burger with french fries, and a Amstel Light.  After the meal, a friend of ours decided to treat us all, so that was pretty amazing.  After the meal, we decided to walk around the hotel and into the Grand Canal Shops.  The Venice canal motif was pretty bad ass, as those people in the boats sang with people holding each other.  I'm guessing that ain't cheap to get. I had personally stayed here myself, but it was years ago and with family.  But this time around, I was by traveling with myself and meeting friends and just having a good time.I do love this property for what it is. The decor and the ambiance could not be beat. Maybe next time I will stay here instead.B+
1	This review is not about the quality of the hotel, which in fact is really good and well deserved 5 star.There are 2 things which I want to highlight here :- Beware of the online package which starts "From" 129$ night, what is NO WAY going to happen, because it depends on availability, who knows what holiday season is preventing that ...etc- The clerk who I talk on phone about reservation was rude and not appropriate with the 5 star rating they have for this hotel ! he had no idea about the online offer I was talking about, no basic sense of math on why am I getting for a 3 night stay 837$ during weekdays, he was trying to talk me on that 20$ dining credit which according to him was not included into that 129$ package price and that's why ... huh ! Overall you have to be cautious with their offers, because whatever they advertise is not real, at least I could not find anyone who got it ! you can check other reviews on ripoffreport or other places to confirm me here.
5	The Venetian and Palazo is extremely awesome. I have been staying there almost each time I visit Las Vegas. The resort rooms are big and not expensive when you are able to find the monthly deal. Overall, this should be your first choice when planning your next Vegas vacation trip.
4	A great place to kill a day walking around in Vegas.  Tons of great shops, bars and restaurants everywhere.
5	After staying at this hotel, yeah, definitely 5 stars.. Here's why:At first I got there, it's just gorgeous to look at. Perfect spot on the strip. Everyone was nice to me, although that's their job, but come on.. Nobody's nice all the time in a hotel. I had the bella suite, which had 3 tv's (including one in the bathroom; with a tub, shower, water closet, vanity, two sinks, and french doors) A tv in the sunken living room WITH  a sofa bed, and of course one in front of the two most comfy beds i've ever slept in.Room service was great, friendly AND ALWAYS on time. I walked through almost every hotel on the strip, and I have to say this one is my top favorite. It's huge! I don't even think I went everywhere inside because it's just. that. big.Oh, make sure you don't touch what the water and cookies are sitting on because the check-in guy said if you move that you get charged for it, because it's weighed! So, don't open the fridge underneath it either. Buy a cooler, and use the ice machine like we did ;)The negative? I like to take my clothes and put them in drawers for the week, not enough room for 3 peoples clothes. The lighting for make-up is only great in the bathroom. It's pretty dark in the room. And when you go to the concierge desk ask for VIP tickets for the clubs there, they'll give it to you if you sweet talk. DO NOT buy anything off the street. It's scams, you can get those club/pool tickets for free.I didn't take notice to the stench that people keep complaining about, that might be just because I was more focused on the architecture lol.And do NOT take a taxi to the hotel, there's a shuttle for 7 bucks, that comes every hour. Our taxi was 30 bucks, INCLUDING tip (big mistake, it was out first day, what can you say?). When you get there, don't take a taxi ANYWHERE. Get a bus, it's called The Deuce, and they run everywhere along the strip, even at Fremont Street and at the other end near the vegas sign. 7 bucks for 24 hours, which runs ALL DAY/EVERYDAY! The bus also comes every 10 minutes... So worth it.159 dollars a night? NOT bad for a suite like ours! And make sure, when you buy things, check out the bottom of all receipts, panda express had a survey to take and you got an another entree for free! =)
3	The Venetian ALWAYS smells nice and It's a very romantic place to be. I just love how It's so bright and lively all the time. You can bring your Love to a great show and treat them to a lovely Italian dinner....hint hint BOYS, In case you need any Anniversary or Valentines Day ideas.
4	Walking downstairs to TAO was awesome! They have a great bakery (Bouchon) inside Venetian!
1	After traveling for many years to a variety of hotels and locations, I found that the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas is by far the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at. The customer service is one of a fly by night setup. After booking four suites and staying there for four days, it never changed, but got worse as each day progressed. At check in the special request for our rooms were not done. We spent over 30 minutes trying to figure out why things were not accurate after booking each room weeks in advance. The rooms as mentioned by another review were substandard, and I was not impressed at all. On our third day we got harassed by the valet parking workers, and were accused of not being hotel guest. After a major scene was caused and lies were made, my car was then vandalized by them. I had left my car with the valet for less than 5 hours. They completely scratched off my tags and license plate. Although management was apologetic, it is very obvious that there is a lack in training, communication, and over all excellency in work ethic. I would never stay there again!
4	I stayed at the Venetian over the weekend for a Bachelorette party, and we had such a blast! I actually would give this place 3 1/2 stars, but I'll round up. Here are our pros and cons.Pros:1. The room. It was beautiful! We got a two-queen suite, and there was plenty of room for five girls, all of our crap and all of our booze. We all had a place to sleep (two queens plus a pull out couch) which was a huge plus too. The bathroom was large, and had multiple areas for getting ready! Two sinks, plus a vanity. Perfect. The shower was honestly the best shower I've ever experienced! It had nice pressure, big water droplets and the awesome addition of two nozzles on the front wall of the shower that sprayed you from the front too! After a long night out, I stood with my back facing those nozzles for a fantastic water massage. PROPS to the shower. The beds were also super comfy. 2. Multiple pools. We stayed in the Venezia Tower, and there was an additional, European garden themed pool that we LOVED. The general pool deck was crowded and noisy, and the garden pool was quiet and relaxing. Lots of hidden places to lounge and have a break from the crowds. 3. Easy access to the front desk/our room. We basically walked right in the front door, right to the front desk and right up to our tower. Pretty awesome quick access.4. Decor. The Venetian is visually beautiful. It's decorated so well, and none of it looks cheesy, just pretty!5. Grand Lux Cafe. Open all hours of the late night/early morning - this restaurant saved our hungry tummies past 4 a.m. both nights we were there with high quality, yummy food of all kinds. 6. Location on the strip. Right across from Mirage/Caesars and right next to Wynn/Encore. Nice. Cons: 1. Since we were staying the Venezia Tower, I literally never saw the Casino in this hotel. That can be both a pro and a con, but I almost felt like we were staying at a casino-free place. It was a trek to both the casino and the shops. 2. Service at the front desk. I had to call it an early night the last night we were there, so I headed back alone, just to find that all of our keys had been de-activated. I went down to the front desk to fix the problem so I could get to bed... but had to have my name on the reservation in order to get a new card. I understand its property policy and all, but the guy was quite rude about it, and only put a smile on his ugly mug after I finally got ahold of my friend who was partying at Moon. Try some manners training. Overall, it was a great spot for our ladies weekend!
1	For starters, the shuttle service took over an hour to come pick us up from the airport. It appeared that they only had one small van/bus to use, but tons of extremely overpriced limos (but be prepared to pay $12+per person for a one way trip on the van.) The driver was very rude,impatient, and yelled at passengers. The majority of the hotel staff was extremely rude and unfriendly. Check-in/out was a long ordeal. The room was subpar. The mini-fridge didn't work, and if we wanted to empty it out to use for other stuff (we were there a week), it was going to cost $25, plus $50 for every day it was empty.Be super careful not to even touch something in it as it's electronically monitored and will charge you whether you drank/ate it or not. We spoke to a manager to have it fixed on the first day, they came to fix it an hour before our check out. The maid service was ridiculous (though we were informed they are contracted out). They barely cleaned the rooms, never replaced towels, threw the shampoos/soaps onto the counter and everyday came an hour earlier and would knock even with a do not disturb sign hanging.The first night we requested extra blankets, 2 hrs. later we still had no blankets, called down a second time and after 45 minutes, they brought up a thin, disgusting blanket.A few of the lights were burnt out, and once they were fixed, the room was still very dark. The couch (with hideaway bed) was outdated, ugly, falling apart and extremely uncomfortable. The entire casino and lobby smelled overpowering and horrid. The food (even for Vegas) is really overpriced and mediocre. The spa was just as bad, one lady even scolded us like children and literally yelled at us b/c we were self touring the locker rooms--even though we explained that the spa front desk attendant had told us to do so.  The hotel itself is a pain in the ass to navigate, to get to the guest elevators, you have to either navigate through the casino or through the shopping plaza. On a weekend night, forget it, with Club Tao there, the place is a madhouse and the entrance line takes up the entire foyer. We ate at I love Burgers, the staff was fantastic, but we all got really sick within hours of eating there. The "resort fee" doesn't include the fitness center.  For all of its reputation, The Venetian was extraordinarily disappointing. In fact, when it came time to gamble/shop, we went to other hotels. We were not about to give them any more of our money. While there, I ran into at least three other guests who had the same and worse problems as I did. Next trip to Vegas, we'll be staying elsewhere...perhaps the Bellagio, or MGM.
4	wow super late.. so late that this should've been one of my first reviews when i started an acct..my first vegas hotel since being of age and loved it! my friend booked the room for wed-fri and got some stuff through the promo we used.. the rooms were spacious and all suites..we had people over in our room before heading out for the night and couldn't believe we were able to fit about 15 people in there and still had room to move around.. oh, can't forget about bouchon! the bakery is next to the elevators and was my first time tasting their yummy goodies..enjoyed my stay and wouldn't mind staying here again.. although, i'd want to check out palazzo too.. heard those were a lil bit nicer..
5	I haven't been to Italy (yet!) and the Venetian is the closest thing I'll get to it. That, and living vicariously through the Jersey Shore cast every Thursday night but that's irrelevant..I loved staying here, the all suites are the absolutely gorgeous. For the most pocket friendly, the Luxury Suites are perfect at about $100 per person a night. These rooms with a living room fit as many as 8 people comfortably, maybe even more depending on everyone's body mass index..For the girls: perfect amount of mirror space. You know this is a Vegas necessity and the Venetian people know that too. The bathrooms are large and the toilet is separated from the shower/sinks so everyone can handle their business of sorts at the same time, if you catch my drift.Very safe hotel with the Venetian patrol checking for room keys before letting you enter the tower elevators. A bit strict for my taste but you're paying for great service and a great room.The only thing I didn't like about this hotel is the parking structure which is so confusing, especially when you're trying to find the valet. The valet guys are kind of unorganized and lazy. Should't be a direct reflection of the hotel itself so I won't hold it against them.
5	The Hospitality parlors are a fantastic venue at the Venetian Hotel.  My husband and I had our wedding reception there at it was fantastic!  The price was so reasonable and will definitely keep this place in mind for any future gatherings!!! The space can hold 50 people and has a dance floor and bar set up which included a bartender.  Also, the Venetian bartender made the most amazing Lemon Drop Martinis!  Almost 4 years later the guests are still talking about those drinks!!!
4	I love staying at the Venetian. Pro: Large, Beautiful, Comfortable Rooms. No problem fitting 3 girls per bed :)  Con: expense (I haven't had any problems because I always split the rooms with large groups.. or go to vegas with someone that gets  rooms compted because of their gambling history haha) I could imagine this would get expensive if you are in a smaller group or  Pro: Plenty of mirrors, duel sinks and bathroom space. Con: Bathroom lighting -- is horrible.. at least from a female perspective The lighting is actually quite flattering and might be nice for honeymooners/a romantic pair. The open tub/glass shower means full exposure & you want the most flattering lighting you can get haha.. BUT when you are a group of girls trying to get ready to go out there is a real fear that your makeup is going to look completely different and potentially outrageous under the brighter hotel lighting elsewhere..Pros: Blue Man Group, Phantom of the Opera, and Jersey Boys all housed here. Hotel guests usually get their own shorter line and free admission to Tao, Lavo and Tao Beach. Also, home of the perfect after club meal spot Grand Lux. Share pools & amenities with The Palazzo. Even if you don't go into Tao Beach or Azure.. the music is still easily heard from the other less exclusive hotel pool areas. Con: It can be a little maze like, and isn't always a quick after club walk back to your room in heels.
3	I just stayed at the Venetian this weekend and here are the pros and consPRO:  Close to the major hotels.  Walking distance to Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn and Arias. Hotel itself is alot of fun with the Grand Canal shoppes, the amazing Bouchon restaurant and other top notch restaurants.  You also have access to the Palazzo.  The shops there are awesome!!  TAO is a hot club.If you are into AZN girls, there are tons of them here!Cons:Venetian is pricey.  We did use priceline which helped.The hotel rooms are varied.  We booked three rooms, my room has sink noise, the doors doesnt close properly in the restroom and the toilet doesnt flush right.  It is clean, the bed is soft and the TV is flat screen.Overall, Its a fun and exciting place to stay!  However, the price doesnt justify it.
4	Best hotel I've been to in Vegas and you really feel like your in Italy sometimes. We have gone back about 3 times now because the service and price have always gone the distance. Very professional helpful staff and large classy rooms with Italian marble everywhere. You can even watch TV in the bathroom if you so desire. The canals and mall area is amazing and the gondoliers make it feel like your walking through the streets of Venice. Love this place and will always be a customer for the excellent selection of nice restaurants and bars and some of the hottest clubs in Vegas. Don't forget to try your hand at blackjack if your feeling lucky.
3	It was a mission every time we left our room... left, right, right, down the elevator, right, left, down another elevator, right, right, left... LOBBY! I felt like a mouse in a maze... imagine trying to find your room DRUNK!!Rooms are huge, decor nice, but atmosphere is too um, serious for me? serious dealers, classical music playing almost everywhere, even in the casino. When I gamble I prefer it to be loud, music wailing and everyone looks like they are having a good time... it just seemed that every one was serious at the tables. I think this hotel is a little more for the family/older crowd.
4	The Venetian has Tao which I still cling to as a good old standby, and their rooms are on the larger side given their price, which is nice.4 stars.On a completely random note, I always seem to get lost when it's 4A or later and I'm trying to find my way back to a room at the Venetian. Doesn't help that I always stumble my way to the Grand Lux and tell people to meet me there, only to nearly always have these people go to the wrong Grand Lux. Does this happen to anyone else?
5	My boyfriend and I stayed in Vegas for FIVE days and the Venetian hotel was more than comfy. it was luxurious! We had a suite all to ourselves (because they had nothing but suites there); totally awesome. The room has a separate tub and stand up shower, the toilet has a door and private area away from the shower so you can handle your business, 2 sinks, a separate vanity area for you to get ready, huge mirrors in the bathroom and a full body mirror on the way out the hotel room so you can make sure everything about your outfit is Hawwtt! There's 3 TV's in the room, 1 in front of the bed, one in front of the couch, and one in the bathroom! We didn't spend much time in the room but when we were there to sleep for a few hours, we were knocked out. Woke up totally refreshed! The floors in the bathroom can be a bit cold because it's marble and the countertops are all granite. I wish I brought my house shoes!Cons: The hotel is sort of hard to find your way around because it's so huge. We were trying to eat at Bouchon (their French restaurant) and couldn't find it! Turns out it has it's own floor and so does the pool. Oh they charge $19/night for resort fee for internet usage and towels etc, even if you don't use it. However, I had my laptop and I tried their wifi, it's super fast! Overall, very nice hotel and the staff is super friendly. I couldn't ask for more. :)
5	LOVE ... LOVE ... LOOOOOVE this hotel!I am a local and we decided to take advantage of the summer discounted rates and finally check out the rooms. Still not cheap by any means, but as God is my witness ... Worth. Every. Penny.  I have stayed at the Wynn before, and I think the Venetian has it beat on every level.I slipped the front desk a $20 and asked if it might be possible to get an upgrade, and he easily accommodated me with a beautiful Strip view suite in the Venezia Tower.I highly recommend the Venezia Tower for anyone interested in experiencing this hotel.  The Venezia has its own registration desk and it is much less crowded than the main front desk. But the BEST part of the Venezia Tower suites is accessibiity to the tower's private garden and pool area. What an elegant and luxurious pool area.  I spent some time taking pictures out there with my new wide angle lens and had a blast capturing the beautiful statues and greenery. Service at this hotel was amazing from start to finish. For example, when it was my turn at the front desk, a smiling young man greeted me in line and escorted me to the next open window. A very classy touch, I thought.Also, this is the first hotel I have ever stayed in where the temperature inside the room was perfect when I unlocked the door.  No waiting for an hour for the room to cool down, because they cranked the air up to 80 after the last guests left.Gorgeous view from our suite, beautiful decor, and elegant surroundings at every turn. The Venezia Tower lobby even has beautiful gaslight lamps on the walls ... with LIVE flames! Very cool.Waiting at Valet on the day of our departure felt a little like the day after Christmas ... Kind of a bummer.  Can't wait to return!
5	Such a beautiful casino.  I love it here.  The gondola rides are beautiful, a little pricey but what isn't in Las Vegas?
1	Should be zero stars.   This is concerning the Box office employees.  On Sept 1, I booked thru Expedia a Phantom show at 7pm.  Apparently the show is n/a on this Thurs.  A huge Mexican guy was conferring with a mgr in the back, this mgr never comes up to reassure me and after 10 min sd a mistake was made and can rebook my show on Sunday when I am back home.  Very rude and unpleasant.  Expedia rebooks by shows for next day and rebooked Elvis at the Aria - where the box office staff were gracious and gave us free drink tickets throughout the hotel.  On Fri, Sept 2, at 605pm, I present my corrected vouchers from Expedia with the assurance that the Venetian mnmgt were aware.  Had a fat white blonde girl with dead eyes who could not be the least helpful sd a mistake was made and took 30 minutes to correct my problem.  She goes on to say that Expedia should have read their hotel memos.  After several requests to mgrs, did not present any mgr to me.  I called Venetian on Sunday and was given a jerk mgr named Marty Giovi who was condescending and kept talking over me during my explanation - no wonder the Venetian staff take their cue from this mgr - should all be fired!!  I left a mesg for Cust Svce and with the General Mgr and see if I will be lstened to.  At the show 10 minutes in to the show, 2 parties of 10 were shown in in the rows in front of me - I was in the Golden Circle.  And the usher made a mistake and had 10 elderly people standing blocking my view of the play - what happened to the sign that sd no admittance after the curtain is up.  A very poor experience at the Venetian!  All other parts of the hotel had great staff and could not be more helpful and accomodating and this is what I get after spending $150 per ticket!!! Unbelievable.  Again, Yelp pls have a zero star rating for bozo companies like this one!
4	Ok, I know that all Vegas casinos (at least most of them) are enormous, but The Venetian kills me every time. I have a pretty good sense of direction, but every time I'm in this hotel/casino I get lost. Perhaps its due to all of the beautiful scenery, but I feel like each and every time I find an entirely new section which blows me away. Maybe I just need to spend more time here to find my bearings.
5	Always enjoyed the upscale and classy environment of the Venetian. Usually donate when I gamble, never a winner. The rooms are spacious and old world century decorated but still inviting. Love the food places, especially Noodles Asia! Grand Luxe is a good place to eat but the food takes long to arrive. They are currently doing some renovations which made my navigating a little hard since I thought I knew where everything was.
5	Loved every part of our stay at Venetian this labor day weekend.....The Venetian and Palazzo are by far the best casino hotels in the strip...not to forget Tao Beach and Tao Night club......
4	Beautiful hotel with great pools (Tao Beach) and great amentitties. Titties... Vegas is definitely still on my mind...We had the fantastic Regalo Suite on the 27th Floor and it was spicyyyy. Enough to easily sleep 6+ people, although we were only 3 deep.Shower, separate bath tub and private toilet area.Large living area and 2 beautiful and soft beds.Bloody mary's at the pool were AMAZING!
2	This hotel is a bit overrated. They really need to renovate their rooms. It's a nice place to visit when you're in Vegas but I wouldn't recommend staying here.
4	I'm always alright for settling for a lower-eschelon hotel in Vegas, because you can stay in one of those places right on the Strip, in the middle of everything, for not much money at all.  However, this week in September, there were SLAMMIN' deals at some of the classier hotels, so along with the incentive of the FREE Phantom of the Opera ticket, the Venetian it was.The room was lovely, very elegantly decorated, but honestly I feel the best part about staying here was the location.  Don't get me wrong - it's a BEAUTIFUL building.  Every time I walked outside of the hotel or approached it, I could hardly believe this was where my hotel room was it's so breath taking.  So it's beautiful, and maybe the most perfect location to stay at on the Strip.  The Mirage and Treasure Island are right across Las Vegas Boulevard, the Wynn is a short walk up north, and everything else is just a little bit south!  The Canal shops are entertaining and fun to walk through.  Also along the path are several wonderful places to eat.  We ate at Z'efferino, which I HIGHLY recommend for you fine diners.The Phantom production, by the way, was INCREDIBLE.  It was absolutely incredible, and I'd pay next time to see it again!
5	Well I stayed there back in '09 & it was absolutely beautiful & had this fabulous scent all throughout the hotel! The staff was very friendly & helpful to, which made our 1st trip to Vegas very memorable. I definitely want to repeat my stay there!
4	At this writing, I've been to The Venetian twice, once as a hotel guest for a conference and once for dinner, a show, and a late night bite.As a hotel guest, I appreciated the friendly staff and the size of my room, but was disappointed by the cigarette burns on the sofa (in a non-smoking room, I might add) and some careless housekeeping. It was nice to have so much to do under one roof but boy was is a schlep from my room the the conference center and other hotel amenities! Although the hotel and casino probably isn't super smoky to most people, I was bothered by it both times, especially when I was in the hotel for dinner, a show, and a late night bite, perhaps because I couldn't escape to a smoke-free zone.I don't have a lot of experience with Las Vega$ but this is a hotel I would return to.
5	Oh Venetian! You are beautiful inside AND out :DMy friends and I came here to meet up with my other friends who had a suite. The suite is pretty spacious and has a huge ass bathroom. I think this place is great for enjoying the Italian rustic setting with romantic touches in the architecture but for our Vegas weekend, it was definitely the place to pre-party it up!Only difficult situation about Venetian is that upon heading towards the elevators, there is a check-in kiosk that checks if you are a room card holder of the Venetian hotel rooms. Since we were invited and did not have a room card, they called my friend's room number and asked them about us and we got the OK to go in but the next time we came over, they told us that if we get one noise complaint from my friend's suite and there's more than 6+ people in that room, they will evict visitors and those booked in the Venetian. Luckily, we got away :D
4	Yelp 365 Challenge: 46/365 This is the property that started it all. My love affair with Las Vegas and living in the lap of luxury. The Venetian is an incredible property boasting impeccable Italian inspired architecture blended with the modern amenities of a 5 diamond rating. Personally, one of my all time favorites for properties on the Strip. The first stay at this property was gratis. The opportunity arose in light of a 4 night/5 day free stay promotion that was gifted to me. How could I pass that up? Upon entrance to the lobby, you are instantly transported to Venice. The murals, columns, and statues all create a sense of peace and tranquility. Even the air is filled with a light scent; distinctly The Venetian. This property has two towers - Venezia and the Main tower. I have never stayed in the Venezia towers, but from what I understand, in room amenities and layouts do not differ by much. Every room is a suite! The smallest room in the house is about 700 square feet. Rooms include either 1 King or 2 Queens, sunken down living room, marbled foyer and bathroom with split tub and shower, and 3 flat screens - 1 in the living room, 1 at the base of the bed, and 1 in the shower. Talk about pimpin', been pimpin', since pimpin' been pimpin'! Folks, that's just their "standard" suite. The luxury and size only goes up from there! Aside from having uber pimped out rooms, the casino of The Venetian is appropriately sized and the crowd & vibe is great. Typically, it's an older crowd (as in 29 & up) and everyone is pretty friendly. The dealers and pit bosses are extremely nice and chatting up a conversation while sitting at a table is one of my favorite things to do while gambling - aside from winning money that is.  Whenever I'm here, I always end up running into a couple of locals at the craps table that I've gotten to know and we always have fun. This property has a bunch of amenities that make it such a destination. Obviously, one of the most notable amenities is the gondola ride. Patrons may either do an inside or outside gondola ride. All rides are guided & serenaded by a gondolier and include a photo op as well. Other notable attractions include Phantom of the Opera, Blue Man Group, TAO, and Bouchon Bakery (oh hell yes!) and a direct connection to luxury shopping and The Palazzo. Even the location of this property is prime! It's smack dab in the center of the Strip. It's directly across the street from Treasure Island and the Mirage, Wynn and Encore. Walking up and down the Strip from this location is great. Exiting from the parking lot provides direct access to Spring Mountain Road and access to the I-5. All in all, The Venetian is an outstanding property. Starting my love affair here has ruined other properties for me. On average, I've been going back to Vegas about twice a year. So I can easily call The Venetian as one of my homes away from home. This one is an easy, 4 out of 5.
4	(n.b.: The Venetian is off my list of places to stay in Vegas because of the political leanings of the owner. If that doesn't matter, read on...)The Venetian is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas. I'm not hip enough for places like the Palms or the Hard Rock, and I'm not stylish enough for Encore or the Cosmopolitan, so there you have it.We've stayed in the Venezia Tower twice, and it's beautiful. The tower is accessible from a small hallway off the right side of the main lobby, or from the valet parking area. The Venezia has its own pool area, right outside Bouchon. The rooms are standard Venetian suites, with two queen beds or one king. The living area is several steps down from the bed. Most rooms have probably been renovated since my last stay.Pros: Amazing restaurants. Bouchon and Otto (Grand Canal Shops) are phenomenal. The Grand Lux Cafe (coffee shop) is way above the Vegas norm. Easy to get on their loyalty list, with plenty of discounts. Blue Man Group. Very friendly staff. Unique stores in Grand Canal Shops. Good cocktail service. Coca-Cola products sold on property. Rooms are quiet. Cons: That gardenia smell will penetrate your brain after a few days. High table minimums for gaming. Terrible video poker. Tight slots. Minor items are expensive. Valet parking is non-intuitive.
5	I feel like the Venetian should have several different yelp pages because there is so much to talk about!LOVE the rooms. they are all suites so it's super spacious and I really like how you don't have to sit on your bed to eat or hang out because there is like a living room in each suite. Bathrooms are huge and there are tons of mirrors everywhere so it's the perfect place to stay if you have a group of girls.Another plus is the location!! Lots of restaurant/food choices downstairs. obviously tao and tao beach are located in the hotel too.oh no ipod dock..wtf?!? so make sure you bring one!
3	Okay, got a suite. Nice room, The hotel smelled like strong perfume
4	this will probably be almost identical to my palazzo review.pretty much nice rooms, theres a casino, theres food access.  now youre set for sin city.  i can guarantee if you win money at the tables you'll enjoy your stay much more.  i guess you can enjoy anything much more as long as theres more money in your pocket
4	Easy to deal with, great decoration and very luxurious feel! All the great ingredients for a good vacation, they make you feel like they have everything taken care of, you really do get what you pay for. I've been to dumpy hotels on the strip and the nice ones, and the feel of when you walk in the room is completely different from a cheap one, cleanliness you can trust and luxury you can feel. Service was a little slow at 1 a.m. on Friday night, waited half an hour for two blankets and I had to call again and wait another fifteen minutes.
3	3.5 starsIt's beautiful inside the lobby and outside the front. Their suites are a 3, but their lobby bumps up their score .5. Their suites are sort of dingy and outdated. I learned Venetian had something called "the pizza party" you could order from room service. I was out with the girls and some of them took a taxi van back to our room to order "the pizza party".The other two girls convinced me to stay out with their friend, a promoter. We were heading over to Christian Audigier's club which I was against as I don't even like his shirts and can only imagine what his club is like. The promoter was friends with 3 6 Mafia and the girls were stoked about meeting the short one with gold teeth. We were walking over from Haze and met up with the 3 6 guy on their way out of the club. They invited us to go to another club and all I kept thinking was my feet hurt and I really want to try "the pizza party". At this point I had sent 5 texts and 2 phone calls regarding when the girls were ordering and how soon it would arrive. I had it in my head I was going back to eat and no one gets in my way when I'm hungry.This guy in all his cocky rapper glory was like where are you going mamma?! I wanna go where you're going and and what's this party? Um..... I'm going back to the Venetian because they have something called the pizza party. It's this unusually large pizza with salad and wings. What?! You don't want to party with me? Can I go with you for this pizza party thang? I said sure, but it's going to be very boring as we're just a group of girls dressed in pjs eating our brains out. You'll have more fun with the club and the other two girls want to go with you so it was nice meeting you, bye-eeeh. The promoter and I rushed back to the suite to eat, eat, and eat. I got back and asked, "where's the pizza party guys?" They said it was just too big and we ordered from a regular place. WTF?! I said fine, but I'm eating how much I planned to eat and I hope there's enough food left for everyone else. They just laughed and said "oh Grace". We received our delivery and there was just enough food for me and the girls. As we were finishing the other two girls came back and asked, "Is there any food left?" The girls answered um no.... Grace, nuff said. Why did the girls come back early, you ask? Because that rapper guy stuck his head up one of the girl's dresses in the middle of the club while she was dancing. They freaked out and left immediately. Lessons learned-1. Don't order just enough food when you're with me because it's not enough.2. Don't choose rappers over food because, at least food will not bend over and come up your dress.
5	Best hotel I've stayed at in LV yet. Plenty to see and do no matter what time of the day :)
5	This was my second time staying here...The difference was that we had 2 connecting suites shared between 14 people, so there was plenty of room to go around.  The rooms were really clean and decorated very nicely.  There were TV's in the bathrooms, so you have something to watch while taking care of your business.  The only bad part is that the whole resort is kind of a maze that you have to navigate.  However, if you go through it once, you can find your way around pretty easily...even if you are a little inebriated...it is Vegas after all.  Overall, my group had a great experience here and the staff was really friendly (A security guard even took a picture with us a one point during our trip hahahaha!)  If I make another trip to Vegas, which is very likely, I would definitely stay here again!
5	My favorite Vegas hotel I've stayed at, probably because it was the nicest. Love the suites, could probably fit 6 easily with the 2 queen beds, and the couches in the separate living area. There were only 3 of us, so it was more than enough space for us. 2 large flat screens, table to eat in the living area, and a large bathroom. Only con with that is the see through shower (if you're shy in front of your friends, you can close the doors), bathtub, sinks, and a separate toilet area. Also, everytime you walk down to the lobby, you are greeted by the Bouchon bakery, which caused me to spend a ton of $ on the $3.50 macarons each day. Their Grazie player cards are also the most giving I feel as well. We had 3 days comped, so stayed for free, except for the resort fee. Bliss!
2	Bad service and not worth the price.
4	I love the Venetian's high-class shops (to stare at, never to buy on my wages) and the atmosphere of their dining (Mario Batali's restaurants alone are weep-worthy cuisine).  Their rooms are amazingly lush.  But there's just something about the Venetian as a gambling choice that doesn't do it for me.   Maybe it's because the stakes are much higher than  essentially anywhere but the Wynn or the Bellagio.   But everything else is really, really awesome.  Check out their rare bookshop in the shopping center for some really nerdy but neat scenes.  And feast at Carnevino!  You will thank me later!
1	First, the warning - we were in a suite with 2 wood steps leading down into  the sitting area. I slipped and fell going down the steps in bare feet, as they were so highly waxed, they were like glass, or stepping onto a skating rink! I don't drink much so I was not drunk, nor am I careless or clumsy. We called to report it... They sent up security and an EMT... I reported it so they would do something about it, and to make sure it doesn't happen to anyone else who might get hurt much worse. I hurt my wrist, and my shoulder blade hit the step when I fell.  I was lucky, and the hotel is lucky, that it was not worse, as it could have been.  Next time, it might be someone who lands on their tailbone, or injures their spine or hits their head, among other things!Now, before this happened on our last morning there, we had other problems which we never bothered complaining about and just let them slide. When we arrived to check in, at the VIP desk, for our 2-night stay,  we are informed our reservation is only for ONE night. We show them the email confirming 2 nights, but are told since it was  through corporate, they would have to talk to them the next morning, and would call us to let us know when done. They never called. So we had to call them after Noon to find out. It was done. That evening, we come back to our room only to find out we are locked out... Our keys no longer work! So now we have to wait for security, then new keys... Wrong ones delivered, so then had to wait for right ones. Our evening was delayed... We had come back to the room to freshen up for night time activities. I have not had a vacation in years other than a weekend away 2 or 3 times a year. I went away hoping to have a stress-free, relaxing weekend. Instead, a weekend of frustration and aggravation, and an accident. When we called to report the accident, that's when we decided to mention the other problems we had experienced. We had had enough at that point. Now, one would think they would at least make a follow up call to see how I am doing the following day, as well as offered some form of compensation for all the mishaps... But NOTHING! Not even a dinner, maybe a bottle of wine, something to show they are sorry for all the problems and want us to come back, and not get a bad review either. I know many hotels would've comp'ed a night when incidences like this happen to a guest! Every guest should be taken care of, but when even VIP guests are not treated properly, it makes one wonder how everyone else is treated at this hotel.  IF they do come through and decide to respond to us and compensate us in some way for our not-so-relaxing and very frustrating get-away, then I will remove this bad review everywhere it appears, including TripAvisor.
3	Not worth the money... Luxor is way better. I wasn't impressed with Tao and its murky, over-infested pool nor was I thrilled to walk through a mile long maze from my hotel room to the restaurant to get something to eat. It's a lot of money per night and I was disappointed.
4	I remember when this place first opened up, they were extremely strict with who they allowed in.  You either had to be 21 or you were a guest of the hotel.  Everyone had to show their room keys and/or IDs before they would let us in...Now, it's completely opened to all.  However, this place still kind of leaves a bad taste in my mouth because of the Tao Nightclub....  Not really a fan of the nightclub, but the restaurant is amazing!  Read about it here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/tao-asian-bistro-and-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:riWg2uQ3-Xh2k5Pw4HzDzQDespite my lack of love for TAO nightclub, the Venetian is a beautiful hotel and casino.  I love the fresco paintings on the ceiling and all the beautiful finishes.  For some reason, I'm not a huge fan of their rooms.  I've stayed in the Bella and Rialto suites and they just weren't that impressive...  I prefer their sister hotel, the Palazzo.  The finishes and decor just seem classier at the Palazzo....However, the Venetian does have some pretty good restaurants and shops.  I love Lime Ice!!  You can get your yard stick drinks there :)The Grand Canal Shoppes have a pretty good variety of stores as well.  They have a Grand Canal gondola ride too.  It's nice to watch them serenade the guests in Italian.. I guess it's kind of romantic.. not really.. at $16 a person and $64 for a private ride, I think I'll pass.Make sure you check out the gelato place in St. Mark's Square.  It's delicious!!I also really like their pool area.  There's plenty of space to lounge around if you don't feel like checking out their day club, TAO Beach.  TAO Beach usually have guest stars (like LMFAO) perform, but in all honestly, I would personally avoid this place when they do.  They space is pretty small, and they pool inside TAO Beach definitely does not accommodate the amount of people they let in.  It's actually pretty disgusting....In sum, I'm not a HUGE fan of the Venetian... It's just okay.  But if you haven't been, it's definitely worth a visit.  I want to give this place three stars, but I'll give it four just because it's one of those hotels you have to visit at least once.
4	Where do I start?!? I'm gearing this review more towards the hotel aspect of the resort instead and less about the dining/clubs/entertainment.Check in - Due to their partnership with InterContinental, I was able to check in at the invited guests line. Only one person ahead of me. Hooray! Even with my comped room on a Saturday night, they upgraded me from a Luxury View to Piazza since I have gold status with Priority Club. They even let me check out at 4pm instead of 11am. Loves it.The room - The Piazza suite was ginormous, 1400 sq feet to be exact. It had 1.5 bathrooms, a four person dining table, king bed and pull out couch. The decor was spartan and dated. The rooms need a refresh. The Palazzo rooms look better and I swear some of the furniture was missing from my room. Did they give me the ghetto Piazza suite? Who cares...it was better and bigger than the room I had booked.Canal Shoppes - Most of the stores are too pricey for me so I just window shop. I've been to the Venetian in Macau and the mall there is about 4x bigger.Layout of the resort - It's huge and you will get lost. I live in Vegas and still don't know all of the corridors and entrances/exits. They probably did that on purpose.I am staying at Venetian again next month and can't wait to come back.
5	We loved this place! They had our room ready early. Huge sitting area for my family to gather and talk before we hit the town. Huge bathrooms with a pool for a tub. Body mirrors for the birds. My sister and I loved Tao and had a blast. Next time I wanna try the bistro. Oh ya and don't both looking for the string to open the blinds cuz it done by remote by the bed. 1 thing I think was weird was they had a mini fridge that knows when u take an item and it charges to the room that sec witch sucked cuz we like to use the fridge for our sons milk. Even next to the tv they had a bunch of boxes filled with candy....I was hopping my son would not knock these boxes over and be charged $100.After a day of being awake for 24 1/2 hours and waking up hung over and only 4 hour sleep ....the room service was amazing for breakfast. $76 but amazing! They charge 18% tip + $4 deliver charge. In the room there is a corner table and she came in sweet as can be and put a white table cloth down and did the whole table like we were in a 5 star restaurant. I'll post the picture of what it looked like
5	I fell in love with this place when I was in Vegas! The room was gorgeous! 2 beds, a sitting room, HUGE bathroom and beautiful decor! The minute you walk in, you cant help but keep stareing up! The art in this place is amazing! I love the gondola rides and the way they make it look like Venice inside! Casino was huge and full of very charasmatic staff. This is deffinetly my go to spot for future Vegas trips. It does however, get a little confusing in the hallways, set up like the canals of venice its kinda easy to get lost if your in a wandering mood like I was haha. Over all my favorite place! :) Oh, the bar at the pool was $60 bucks for like 5 drinks. Kinda a rip off, when the bars inside were half the price. $40 for a bucket of 6 beers outside, but inside regularly priced.
5	We had a great time while staying at the Venetian during our last visit to Las Vegas.   We were very pleased with the size of our room and how it was accommodated and laid out.   The bathroom was also very nice and we loved all the marble.   We found the service staff to be professional and very helpful, right from check in, to check out four days later.   We ate at several of the restaurants there and we were not disappointed at any of them.   Of course we did the gondola ride and that was fair... certainly  a must do at least once.   We also went to see the Phantom of the Opera, and this was certainly a 1st class act... great effects and outstanding should systems.   We would strongly recommend the, Venetian.
5	Love love love staying here when I'm in Vegas! The rooms are spacious and beautifully and tastefully decorated.  I feel so spoiled when staying here. No details are overlooked.  It's my number one choice for hotel in Vegas.
3	3.5 starsThis is a lovely hotel. I was here with my best friend riding on her tab. That being said I do not think I would ever stay here unless that were the case. Someone else chose it and was likely paying for it. I dunno, It needs something. Like WiFi, cable or a stereo in the room. It was always so so so quiet in the room. They charge to listen to music on the t.v. or watch the t.v. and ten dollars for two hours is too much for t.v. music if you ask me. I found the decor to be bland as well. It kind of felt like I was at my Mom's apartment were she more conservative. The bathroom is freaking rad though. A separate room for the toilet. A stand up all glass shower with body jets as well as a separate tub that two people can easily fit in. A vanity complete with stand up cosmetic mirror with built in light. Two sinks and lots of marble. Bathroom was pretty gangster. I liked how spacious the rest of the hotel was but decor was boring and the beds could be more comfy for how much the hotel costs.I give the Venetian an additional star for stellar customer service. Housekeeping was fantastic as well as room service. Every morning they would come in and line up our shoes, straighten our toiletries and just generally make us feel very looked after. The hot tub was too chlorinated for me to spend much time in but the pools were very pretty. Many of the hotels in Vegas pump some kind of scented deodorizer through the buildings. Likely to mask cigarette smoke. The Venetians was actually the worst I smelled though. So strong. 20 minutes in the lobby would be enough to give me a headache. I joked that the front fountain was full of febreeze not water.
4	This review is for the hotel stay only. We stayed here one night and was impressed. The room was enormous given the couch area could easily sleep several people. The bathroom was huge, had a vanity mirror section, separated tub and shower, I would love to have this as my own setup. The room service staff was very friendly and prompt. The only downside which was minor is that it seemed like a journey from check in to actually getting to the room, easy place to get lost.
3	Great location and great rooms!  Nice sized rooms with three flat screen tvs and luxurious decor.  I have one HUGE gripe about this hotel... a hotel of this class and with so many conventions/meetings should NOT charge for internet in the rooms!!!
1	My oh my! If only you knew the drama and the stress that us girls went through in order to choose which hotel we'd stay at in Vegas on our girls trip. We went from a slew of hotels to stay at... our heart was set on the Venetian because a) It's a 5 star hotel and b) It's sleek and sexy! Normally I stay at the Bellagio and my friend stays at the Wynn so we're used to NICE FANCY hotels... in the end we chose the Venetian and the Palazzo suite for our stay... 1400 square feet of ballin! Or so it looked like from the picture...Arrived on Friday at 11:30AM to check in... my friend hadn't arrived yet so even though check in isn't until 3PM I tried anyway... LONG line to check in... LOOOOONG line! An employee saw me enter the velvet ropes and asked if I was checking in and I said yes... he said that if I didn't mind going up the elevator that was no wait to check in upstairs... score! So I went up stairs to check in... my room wasn't ready and I requested a couch with a pull out sofa sleeper but I was told that there were no rooms available with the pull out sleeper... but that if one was available Saturday they could switch our rooms... a lot of trouble if you ask me to switch rooms so I asked about a roll away bed and they said normally it's $35/day but they would give me one for free since no sofa sleeper was available. Brownie points for them! They said they would call me as soon as the room was ready but that they would hold my bags for me... easy enough. We went shopping!! I got a call around 2PM that the room was ready. My friend arrived at almost 4:30PM so we checked in thereafter. Got our keys and headed up to our suite... arrived at the END of a VERY LONG HALLWAY and was ready to see our pimpin suite... opened the doors and..............................................................................was extremely disappointed. BEYOND disappointed! Um was this the same room as the pictures?!?!?!!? Cuz it sure didn't look like it. The rugs were worn and dirty. There was no L shaped couch. Just a dirty yellow "love seat" which didn't look very lovey. Two small chairs and a small table in the living room. The living room looked... empty. Pathetic. Lonely. Everything looked... OLD. The bathroom was nice so I'll give it that. But that's about it. We called the front desk about not having an L shaped couch which I was told we'd get when I checked in... he stated it only comes with a "love seat" and I mentioned it was fraying, dirty, and old and that it wasn't lovey or lovely at all and all he did was apologize. My friend and I were... confused. Debating on what to do. We were supposed to meet up with 2 other friends to go to the Wynn Buffet for dinner so we decided to go do dinner and talk about it. Talking was short. We hated the room and felt cheated! So after dinner we went back to the front desk, IN PERSON, no phone calls...We inquired about having a room that was "more 5 star quality" and the nice gentleman helping us started to show us bigger suites in his book... we explained it wasn't the SIZE of the suite that was the problem... hell we had 1400 square feet which is practically a house!... it was what was IN the suite that LACKED 5 stars! We listed everything and then he did some researching... and he showed us a different suite at the newer Palazzo connected to the Venetian and asked us if we'd consider moving there... and we agreed. He even mentioned that our suite has yet to be renovated and that it is older but that they are renovating next year... helllooooo FALSE ADVERTISING!!! The pics look NOTHING like the room itself. Ughh it was GROSS! Bellman took all our stuff to our new suite in the Palazzo... and it was a BOMB ASS SUITE! (I'll write a review under Palazzo for that one)... but Venetian, you FAIL, an absolute EPIC FAIL... and never ever ever ever again will I even CONSIDER staying with you... lesson learned for me and my friend... BELLAGIO AND WYNN all the way!Side note: lots of great shopping, TAO is an awesome club!... and the gondola ride outside is super cute!
1	Stay  away. Understaffed , undertrained and billing office soooo confused.
4	Stayed in a two bedroom suite, NICE. I don't like Vegas, but staying here made the visit much more enjoyable.  Not much to talk about with room service, they came and cleaned and left. I enjoyed the restaurants in the place and the canals were different.
5	would we ever stay here? YES! could we ever stay here? YES! could we ever stay here and have money left over to eat like pigs, go out to clubs, drink like sailors? NO!it's so beautiful inside. of course, over the top vegas style and it's in a great location. so no, we didn't stay here, but we sauntered through acting like we did.
4	4.5Wow, this place is gorgeous!Stayed here for a business trip and was Wow-ed!  Been to Vegas 2 times before and have loved all the hotels I've stayed at, but the Venetian is over the top.When my co-worker and I got to our room and opened the door we were literally jumping up and down like 2 kids in a candy store. We had a living room and all! The bathroom...incredible!! Huge bath...stand up shower, TV...I was loving it!! The pool was incredible! It was 90 degrees! The hottest it's ever been when I've been in Vegas. Loved it! Had a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in the hotel...was very pricy $6 for my small chai latte.  The shops are gorgeous, lots of high-end stores.  I loved the location as well, usually stay more North on the strip so this was a nice change.A minor gripe tho is free wi-fi in the suites! Come on, how are you gonna charge $13 a day for wifi when people are spending serious $ to stay here. I hate when hotels do this.  Should be included. They did have free wi-fi in certain areas which was nice, but still annoying.  I simply love this town and the Venetian does it right!
5	This is my first time coming to Vegas.  They make a great great great impression to me, and make me want to stay here next time. (I know it's expensive, but I want good experience too.)Anyways, this is the story.  I bought phantom ticket on ticketmaster.com, and I called to Venetian to verify the pick up place and all the info that I need to know before I watch phantom.  Their customer service was fantastic.  They are so patient and willing to help me and give me all the answer they can find.  Watch Phantom in The Venetian was the right choice.
3	The Good:The room was very nice, much better then expected.  Great bed, sunken living room, awsome bathroom.The Bad:The place always smelled like someone was smoking in it.  It seemed to come in through the vents.The view, of the rooftop, well, not that great.The worse part, the price of everything.  $5-7 a bottle of water, get real.The restruaturants, over priced, and really bad food.  With one exception.  The Grand Lux Cafe, it was good and one of the best values on the strip.Oh, and you had to pay to go to the pool and for Wifi.The casino, had us sign up for a Grazie card, don't waste your time.  You only get point if you win and it must be a LOT!  to the toon of 10,000.  It was a serious waste of my time.The casinos were also very very smoky and I did not find any of the slots worth playing.  I like machine black jack, but they were so rigged agenst the player, it was not worth playing.But the Venetian was not the only one, all the casinos were just as bad.  Hence, I will not go back to that waste of time place.
5	Best craps dealers in Vegas.  Get here, get credit, and don't bother going anywhere else!!
3	high end vegas casino hotel.  pretty cookie cutter for vegas.  definitely a great place to stay, gamble and eat.
4	I stayed at the Vinitian in early October and had an overall good experience. Things I liked were; the art, the nice room, and their boat rides designed after italian gandola boats. Things I did not like were; smokey casino and lobby, it was like a maze to get in and out from our room. Overall fun experience
3	Clean, well maintained "suite" rooms, although by Las Vegas standards, the "suite" was only slightly larger than a regular room at Mandalay Bay or Cesear's Palace.  Typical LV make believe facade with loads of marble and wall trim.  Houses Bouchon restaurant.
3	Overall just ok.  The TV was broken, we called, the person came to fix it 1.5 hr after calling and I was fast asleep by then.  There is no noise buffer, starting about 5am, I heard staff yelling, doors slamming.  You can hear the showers and toilets around you.  The temperature was easily controlled and the room was clean.  There's no coffee maker, I was kicking myself for not bringing my travel water heater and french press, since I easily spent 10 bucks a day on coffee.  The lights were way too dim, there was better lighting in the bed than the bathroom, should have done my makeup there.  There's a hair dryer in the vanity.  The snotty check in guy didn't tell us that I got free Internet in the room, gym access and free daily newspaper with the mandatory "resort fee," which was a bummer.  Yeah, I should have read the folder the key comes in because it's listed there, but who does that?  Overall it was ok.  I would never pay 200 bucks+ a night to stay there, but work paid, so whatever.  I did get an upgrade to look over the pool because they messed up on my initial reservation, but it honestly made no difference to me.  Be ready to be nickel and dimed.  Get water and other things to keep in the room.  You will not have fridge access, it's 25 bucks to have a fridge that isn't the minibar, so keep that in mind.
2	Rooms are very nice, so 2 stars. Front desk was not very helpful, they treat you like a number.  The carpet in the hallway to our room was covered in plastic, made me feel like they were removing bodies from a crime scene. They just remodeled the sports book and did a bad job. It is not a comfortable place to watch a game unless you like hanging out in a cubicle. I will say the the bartenders in the sports book know how to make you feel welcome. They remember your name, are proactive and do what they can to accommodate (and sometimes console you after your horse clears from the pack and has a 16th of a mile to go and the jockey falls off the horse for no apparent reason. But I am not bitter, what makes you think I am bitter?)
5	My favourite hotel in the world, love the layout, love the food, love the suite, love the service. I can't fault this place. I have read negative comments but from my own experience it's a winner. The staff are great and it's always immaculately clean. I wish I could live there.
5	Every once in a while, I get a craving for the Venetian. I've stayed here with my family a couple of times and can never forget the wonder I experienced as a young teen walking into the beautiful marble lobby with the Michelangelo-type painted ceiling that I could get lost staring at. Also, the golden globe shaped fountain, and the blue sky painted ceilings one witnesses while walking through the hotel always amaze me. One of the pluses of Las Vegas is the fact that every hotel seems to have created an "experience". Having been to Venice, the Venetian does a great job in recreating that experience - just newer, more compact, and with lots of gambling, lights, and entertainment.I am always impressed by the sheer size of the suites (every room is a suite!) and the grandeur of each room. Though the Palazzo may be "newer and cleaner", I'm pretty sure that it is missing some facets of that original Venetian grandeur. There is less marble in the Palazzo bathrooms, that's for sure ;)Watching the magical Phantom of the Opera in this hotel only added to its mystique. Till this date, I have not experienced a more enthralling musical - and trust me, Vegas does it better!Another plus of the hotel is the poolside courtyard. It is just far too relaxing and has a way of ridding pretentiousness of Vegas and just taking you to all the way to Italy.
1	nice casino. bad service. i tried to get drink at the bar and they ignored me for several minutes. eventually i just walked away.
3	Valet was polite and speedy. Check-in was a nightmare. The rooms are very spacious with separate living areas...L shaped sofa, large coffee table, desk, entertainment center. The bathrooms are big but they aren't really well designed unless you need a dance floor. We were there to see Blue Man Group and the show was pure fantastic!  The room service was expensive and they managed to botch a grilled cheese sandwich. There are probably nicer hotels but you'd either have a smaller room, a higher price, or both. I'd probably stay here again.
4	Can only rate the surroundings and casino and both are lavish and just beautiful.  The tile work on the flooring throughout is just amazing as are the fresco style ceilings.  Even the fake blue sky and clouds along the indoor gondola river look beautiful and lifelike.The casino is high-end for sure but a bit smokier than the Palazzo next door.  Plenty of expensive shopping between the two hotels and nice overall placement on The Strip.
4	As one of the sophomore classes of casinos recently built, the Venetian is a testament to what meticulous details to high art concept can do.DECO: 5 starsSometimes it's really easy to take for granted how much care is taken into constructing casinos. In a place like the Venetian, you can see the canals, the gondolas, the museum, the shops. Everything you expect in a luxurious hotel and casino in Las Vegas. But from expectation, we forget what those details can add up to. At the Venetian, they take care to build up on the details. You can find sprawling marble columns, well decorated floors, and frescoes on the ceiling. Even the melody of a single accordion player near the check in can ease the stress of long lines and road weariness.CASINO: 3 starsBecause of the high quality production, it is very easy to forget that a casino is there to take your money, not to give it away. This casino definitely makes it easy to forget this simple point. But the more you linger at the casino, the more you start to realize how easy it is to lose your money. Like a hot model, you start giving qualities to this casino you assume it has because it's so shiny and pretty. But the Venetian is no different than any other casino. In fact, it might be worse because of how high the stakes are.Yes, they have penny slots like every other casino, but it seems harder to cash out without playing higher stakes. In fact, only when you play do you realize how hard it is to win money without investing lots of money in each bet. So, unless you're baller, you got to be careful of what you choose to bet cause you're going to bet high.ROOMS: N/AI haven't stayed here yet as a hotel guest. I'll update this part once I do.CONCLUSION:The Venetian knows what detail is and they make sure to show it, whether obviously or subtly. You get invested in how beautiful this place is, and you start seeing yourself staying here, being treated like a celebrity if you just spend a little more and get the comps. But that's the trap: the dream you desire is only created by the money you lose. That's a casino. As beautiful as the Venetian is, you need to remember they want your money, and they'll make you as comfortable as possible to take it. And boy, the Venetian is one shiny place to be.
3	Oh Venetian, if only you weren't owned by one of the worst people in politics... Perhaps then I could give you 5 stars. But alas, I refuse. And there are some bad parts, like the sports book, bars, and walk from the parking garage. But the rooms are quite nice (all suites). And the restaurant selection is one of the best in Vegas. Plus, the theme pretty much rules and is done awesomely. This is definitely one of the must-do walk-through casinos.
5	This place is GORGEOUS!!!!!!  We stayed in the Rialto Suite the last time we were here.  It's huge!  We fit 7 of us very comfortably.  There is a really big bathroom that can fit all of us!  That was pretty cool, I didn't have to stop any cat fights.  :PThe room itself is impressive.  It has a nice big foyer when you walk in, then 2 queen beds, a huge bathroom to the side and a sunken living room that can fit 3 along with 3 tvs.  This isn't the biggest room I've stayed in, but very comfortable.I've also stayed in the regular rooms numerous times and they are very fabulous, they have the same layout as Palazzo with the sunken living room.  Sometimes I forget where I'm staying ;)I would definitely stay again.  Love it!!As for the hotel itself, it is beautiful.  Very classy and elegant.  They have nice restaurants such as Grand Lux Cafe, CUT and SUSHISAMBA.  Top restaurants without driving around.When your ready to take it off!!  Take off your shoes after dancing the night away, go to LAVO, its great!  Great music, jump on the tables ;), the table service is awesome!!  we NEVER had empty glasses... ahh, that's why I got so drunk...  :PDidn't get to try Canyon Ranch yet.  Will update.Anyway, what a way to spend the weekend!  :D
4	Venetian is a great hotel with a great location. The rooms are big and clean. Great staff members and great service in the lobby. Loved that the shops even though I didn't make it to any of them. No time to shop when you have to recover for the next night. As cheesy as it may sound I really like the stupid canal. Reminds me of Venice and I'm a sucker for the Italians.
4	Classic styling with all the pomp you'd expect.I got a deluxe suite and it's a very impressive room.  My one complaint for the suite is that it's not a "real" suite with separate rooms.  However, it didn't really affect my experience at all and I rather enjoyed all the extra space being accessible.  I love the remote controlled drapes and blinds (I know it's lazy, but in the morning... a necessity!).I'm going to skip service since all I can say is "the lines were short when I checked in", but I didn't try any room service or call for any special arrangements.  However, they do have security available downstairs preventing any wandering souls from entering the suites.One last note worthy item, ACCESSIBILITY.  With easy access to a great poker room, the Phantom of the Opera, Jersey Boys, a great casino, etc... I would definitely consider accessibility one of the Venetian's selling points.Overall, might be my top choice of hotels in a reasonable price range from now on.
5	Love this place, walking into the front desk area, takes my breath away every time.  Seeing all the rich marbles and mosaics, love the look.  Here for a conference, and appreciated it in this venue, so I could stroll through one of my favorite casino's on the strip.  Perhaps one day I'll get to stay.
3	I am here for a convention with the room part of the package which happened to be a suite so I can't complain.  The room is huge with a living room, large bathroom with shower and tub, 3 tvs, etc.  Basically a large impressive room.  The downside is the abysmal in room dining service.  You can get better food from a frozen meal heated up in a microwave.  Oh by the way, of course, it's VERY expensive.So as long as you stay away from the room service your stay will be pleasant enough.
4	Beautiful casino with great shops and restaurants. I've never seen the rooms and I'm not much of a gambler. But I find myself at the Venetian often for shows or food.
5	Came here for one purpose and that sole purpose was to ride the gondola!$16 per person. You get a choice to ride indoor or out.They got deals too to get your photo taken but they allow you to use your own camera if you'd like instead which is awesome.We had a nice person taking us out. She stopped for us to watch the new christmas show which gave me a nice holiday chills. (in a good way) It was a short and sweet ride, if you're out in vegas, you might as well go for it! :) They also have an ice rink outside. and Everyone around the hotel is really nice if you ever have questions for directions or anything at all.
4	I'm a huge fan of the Venetian.... I love that its connected with the Palazzo. Its a great place to do some shopping and really allows you to have one stop entertainment. High end stores, casual clothiers and even some great eats. The casino has good variety and even though the space is pretty massiveit still has an intimate feel depending on where you're at. Because of the holiday season they had carolers(sp?) singing familiarChristmas tunes. It was a great vibe. I don't often hit up places on the strip, Im more of a Red Rock or Aliante type girl but I always remember how much I like the Venetian/Palazzo when I visit.Next time i'll try not to stay away so long!
2	This hotel was very beautiful, and if you are use to being pampered and have a bit of money to throw around then this is totally the place for you!My room was beautiful and spacious, as was my bathroom.  The staff around the hotel were also wonderful and helpful.I did find it a little annoying that despite the lovely decor and all, I didn't have a fridge in my room!  I mean, there was a mini bar (which had everything hooked up to pressure sensors that would automatically charge my room if I even picked up anything), but no place to put anything I brought in myself.  I ended up filling one of my bathroom sinks with ice and keeping my drinks in there for the week.  Not the classiest thing but it worked!Also, it is a serious hike to get anywhere in this super confusing hotel, and even more confusing if you ever try to leave it!  It took me and a friend over an hour and directions from 3 different employees to finally get outside the damn place!  I work in a shop and am pretty used to being on my feet and walking most of the day, but this place made that seem like nothing!  Even a few days after being home my feet are still hurting (and no, I wasn't tromping around Vegas in heals, I was wearing sneakers.  I don't even own a pair of heels!)I would definitely stay here again if someone else was paying the bill.  Next time I'm in Vegas for fun, I think I will try to find something a bit more... casual...
3	So my boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel Friday and Saturday and checked out Sunday.  The hotel itself looks classy, sophisticated, something you def want to check out when your on the strip because of their incredible paintings and shops.  It's elegant none the less but I honestly thought the rooms were going to be a lot more elegant.  The amenities like the soap, lotion, shampoo etc smell great!  I took extra home with me :) We had room 27 on floor 18.  As soon as we got there, we were lost.  I guess they're rebuilding inside so we had to walk sooooooooooo much just to find parking, find the elevators and wait about 10 mins because so many darn people are trying to get on the elevators, then we had to go downstairs and walk a couple more minutes until we found the check in, then we waited to check in, walked a couple more minutes to find the escalators to go back up the stairs, find the elevators to take us to our room, go down this long hall until FINALLY we get to our room.  Valet waiting here is about 10 mins.  That's how long we waited.   Just park your car, it's a lot faster.  Save yourself a couple of bucks.I liked how the had a tv in the restroom so when I would take a warm bath, I could just flip the tv on :)  (The tvs looked kinda old, they really need to upgrade their tvs)Our toilet for some reason would just keep flushing itself, talk about a waste of water!Overall it was ok but I think it's a little to highly talked about for what you get.  I'd rather stay at the Vdara.  :)The casino itself is pretty awesome, I won $228 on a $1 slot machine, my boyfriend $90 on the Hangover slot and me $30 on the Hangover slot also.  Drinks here seem to be better then other casinos we've gone too :)
5	Beautiful hotel with large suites and great amenities. One of the most beautiful ones on the strip in my opinion. Check in and check out was fast and easy and even though we were just there for two nights, it was worth it. The restaurants are great an plentiful and the tables are lucky. Good choice of clubs/lounges as well. Definitely recommend a stay here if you are in Vegas!
2	My friend and I came here for the gondola ride. It was evening so we had the option of the one inside or outside. We chose outside, it was just a lovely night. So we make our way down and it turns out the cost is $30 for sharing a gondola or $60 for a private trip. Well luckily it was just myself and my friend so we chose the $30 ride. Our gondolier was female, which I thought was different but didn't mind. Then they took our picture before we ventured off into the night. Well our venture lasted all but 5 min we were sung a lovely Italian ballad and the voice was angelic but 5 min really for $30?? She was fun though and made it entertaining. Then we disembarked and of course there was our picture staring me in my face. The angle was BAD and I really didn't feel like spending another $25 especially on a bad pic. Then the girl got attitude with me like why don't you want it, what's wrong with it and I told her ME!! It's a BAD picture!!! Then she says why don't you give your email address in case you change your mind. I was like look I DON'T want the picture... Good Day!! Next time I might just try the indoor ride.
4	So I stayed at one of my girl's room and I love the decor. I have always enjoyed such beautiful decor. All the details in this hotel is very elegant. The room itself is pretty nice. I love the open spaced bathroom, but the toilet room's door has no lock! LoL very strange... Overall, very nice! =D
5	The Venetian is my second favorite hotel in Las Vegas!!! (sorry but the Encore at Wynn really took me away!) The outside is gigantic! First time I ever went here, I was in awe for two minutes just seeing how tall this structure is. The inside has a luxuriousness to it that is really incredible. Sophisticated, nice, and tons of high end shopping. You better bring lots and lots of Franklins. I've stayed her plenty of times and have stayed in the Bella Suite, Rialto, Piazza, and Renaissance. (Never stayed in the Penthouse, but hopefully one day!) The Renaissance Suite is without a doubt the best!! Almost 2000 sq. ft, work out room, gigantic king bed, and a complete wet bar. Welcome to Heaven! Make sure you get tickets to Blue Man Group and David Spade. Blue Man Group----stunning, outrageous, but hilarious! David Spade---- sarcastic, hilarious, and humorous. The concierges here are the best, however. They got me Blue Man Group & David Spade tickets in seconds, reservations for 7:00 at Delmonico, private evening gondola ride, and a tee time to Bali Hai! Great work Venetian, great work. I will come back here very soon, and I expect nothing less.
4	Nice suites, very reasonably priced.
4	The Venetian is a very beautiful hotel. They are constantly changing things inside to stay modern. I like their restaurants and how they're so easily connected to Palazzo. This review is mainly for their winter theme They currently have a really beautiful Winter in Venice display going on. I really liked what I saw. They had these two women on stilts in glowing blue LED lights that looked like quadropods with porcelain masks of three different faces on one head. There was a giant Christmas tree made of glass bulbs that look like bubbles, with white Christmas lights, red, blue, green, and yellow and the lights would glow in different orders to create a spectrum of color changing fun. There were kids and their parents ice skating around right over the water. It's a really neat celebration. Enjoy a romantic evening out or a great time with the family.
2	Update: After writing this review, I decided to contact customer relations at the hotel again. I spoke with a very nice representative "Lisa" who credited back $150 on my credit card-even she couldn't believe all of the notes on our account nor the fumes we had to deal with. They are also looking into other things for us so I am glad I called. Upgrading to 2.5 stars and this review might go higher depending on what else happens._____________________________I had high expectations for this hotel-and even higher given the fact that we upgraded to a fancy pants suite to celebrate my 40th birthday. While the hotel lobby is beautiful and the poker room giant, the rest of our stay was just okay and I promise to post pictures of our room once I get around to it. We had some really nice service and some not so nice service given what happened here, and I will do my best to outline it.-Check in time is supposed to be 4pm. Our plane was late and we arrived at 6pm to find out our suite (that had been booked since mid September) was not ready for us. We were offered a lesser suite on a lower floor, but it was a smoking floor so that was a "NO". We were then told they would have our kind of suite available in an hour so for inconvenience, we were offered free drinks at the bar (husband does not imbibe) and $100 food and beverage credit (not to include tips). We said that would be fine, brought our bags to the Valet area and went to look around a bit. As promised, an hour later, our room was ready and we had a suite on the 26th floor-all the way at the end of one hall.Upon walking into our suite, we were blasted by the smell of what I thought was new paint. When the Bellman brought up our luggage, he advised us that this was a newly remodeled suite and that we were the first ones to stay in it. This is usually a good thing, but the smell was so overpowering I felt dizzy and like I would pass out. I called down to the front desk, was on hold for about 15 minutes (word to the wise-if a major rodeo is in town beware for lots of cowboys and no room availability). I was told the hotel was at capacity (7,000 rooms) and they would send housekeeping up to refresh the room with air freshener. Luckily, we didn't stay in the room that long and we did have a bedroom door that shut and we couldn't smell the fumes with the door closed. The next morning, I woke up with a bit of a headache and at about 6:45am, I told the husband I was going to get coffee from Bouchon. First, I made a beeline for the front desk.-I let the front desk know about our room smell. Again, I was advised the hotel was at capacity and was credited another $50 towards food and beverage. I was told that they could have housekeeping come and ionize our room but it would be a 5 hour or so affair. I told them that was fine as we had planned on going to Caesar's for the day and would call when we were leaving the room. I also advised that the jets in our tub were not working properly, there were lightbulbs burned out in the light fixture over the dining room table and that the makeup mirror provided did not work. I was assured everything would be taken care of.- We were gone all day. Left the Venetian around 9:30 and arrived back around 3:30 with a full expectation our room would be better. When we returned, the ionizer was still going full blast and whilst the bed had been made and the towels and ammenaties replenished, the bathroom was still not cleaned, lightbulbs still not replaced, etc. etc. I called down to the front desk and was on hold for about 20 minutes and was finally connected to a "manager". At this point, we were running short on time as we had dinner plans with a couple of my friends and my Mom and her friend before we had tickets to see Jersey Boys. I was advised by this manager that they were at full capacity but they could have another comparable suite available to us but we would have to pack up and be ready to go by a certain time. I reminded him that we were on our way out the door to dinner-meeting people BEFORE our showtime. He was an ass-and I ended up telling him so and we left for dinner and I tried to suck up how furious I was about the room and the smell. Luckily both dinner and the show were enough to take my mind off the room and I did get a call during dinner on my cell from the asshole manager telling me that someone was coming to repair our tub, thoroughly clean the bathroom and that the ENTIRE hotel was out of the particular lightbulb to replace above the dining room table. Hard to believe, but by this point, I was done.There are other problems with this hotel but there are also some great things. The front desk clerks were awfully nice, the hoochie mama dresses worn by most guests made for great people watching and the overall aesthetics of the hotel are magnificent. I enjoyed the restaurants, the window shopping, etc.I may stay here again, but probably not and definitely wouldn't waste our money on a suite here again.
5	The suites are huge. TVs in living room, bed and bath. Did not miss any play in the game. Rooms were clean and quiet. Restaurants downstairs are overpriced for the quality served. Expected more from such a nice hotel. Overall, great stay.
3	I have never stayed here before but for some reason my expectations were high.  There were 4 of us total in the Bella suite.  Overall it was pretty nice, although I did notice that some of the furnishings needed to be touched up.I did not like the fact that the bathroom doors had no locks and there was no ipod dock in the room.  I'd only stay here again for a bargain deal.
4	The Venetian hotel is definitely a beautiful hotel. My husband and I stayed here during our most recent trip to Las Vegas and we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at our hotel room.Apparently all of the rooms at the Venetian are considered suites, we got the most inexpensive one. It was still fairly large. The bathroom had a separate tub and shower, two sinks and a separate room for the toilet. The main area had a king sized bed and then a couple of steps down led to a generous living space, with a sectional sofa, desk and fax machine and a small breakfast table. The room also had 3 TVs: One in the bathroom, one facing the bed and one in the living area.The hotel hasa large shopping area (the Grand Canal Shoppes) and along with its sister hotel Palazzo, has a TON of restaurants. The Venetian also has some of the most popular shows on the strip, including the Blue Man Group and The Phantom of the Opera.The only thing I have against the Venetian was the location. It's at kind of the northern end of the strip. Since all of our friends were staying at Planet Hollywood, it was a good 15 minute walk to get down there. But I'd say that's a very small negative; even with that, I'd love to stay here again.
5	It was a dream turned reality to stay in this hotel. I remember when it was new and I wanted so intensely to one day stay here. That day came, and I did. :-)  it lived up to every aspect of my dream. The hotel was beautiful, beautiful scenes and statues. Seemingly authentic decor. I wasn't in the country of Italy and I haven't been to the actual country but it felt so real being here. As if I had escaped to Italy. The ceiling was made to look like the sky as we walked past the gondolas in the Venice canals. Our room was amazing, we could step down into the living area and there was a TV in the bathroom.  We truly felt like King and Queen and had the room to show for it!
4	Wow wow wow! Wonderful place with all suites. Suite had a small downstairs that led to a big couch/pull out bed. Hotel itself is well kept, though crowded. Restaurants and shopping for those of you who don't gamble, and connected to Palazzo for those of you who like to gamble everywhere. Highly recommended!
1	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Venetian and had a terrible experience with security. After we had gotten in late one night and stayed up a bit chatting, someone began pounding on our door at 4am in the morning. We were all girls, already asleep, and not at all inclined to open our door to someone claiming to be security. Half an hour later, the security guard who had grown tired of banging on the door, let himself into our room and accused us of "stomping on the tiles". His attitude was accusatory and extremely offensive.In the morning we tried to call the security manager and were given the run around for 6 hours. We finally went to the security station downstairs and were connected to the manager via telephone. He claimed that the report read that the noise complaint was "chatting and laughing", completely different from what the security officer had told us the night before and that we "should have" received a call of the noise complaint before the officer let himself into our room.If you feel that staying in a hotel where security actually makes you feel less secure is alright, then by all means, the Venetian is the choice for you. If you feel that you would prefer to stay at a hotel that does not take advantage of travelers then there are plenty of other cost-effective hotel choices on the strip. I'd try one of those.
4	I don't gamble but this is a pretty cool place.
5	Amazing hotel!! Great service, clean casino and we had a wonderful stay!!!!We stayed at the luxury suite for 5 nights and loved it! The suite is huge(well we live in manhattan so yeah very big!).... Have a separate area for us to chill, watch tv and have a good time... Bathroom is clean and spacious, with a tv an separate room for toilet. Overall, we had an amazing stay, relaxed and happy.. Another good perk about this place is there are a lot of restaurants in the resort it self and you can easily walk around and find good food!
4	Not top of the line expensive, not cheap and not in the middle. The venetian is in between the top of the line hotels and the medium grade ones...at least thats my interpretation of the venetian...I personally love this hotel. The room setup is great, nice and spacious, even for the cheapest rooms! But myfavorite part about the rooms here are the showers! There are two jets that are lower back level in addition to the super strong shower head that makes showering orgasmic!
5	No other casino like it. Canals in the resort! Outside too? Pretty cool.
5	Beautiful. Totally Vegas.
5	Okay, The Venetian is my new favorite hotspot in the Las Vegas Strip. There is so much whimsical entertainment to look at that it's hard to take in everything at one time. The coolest thing is that it's all free.
3	The hotel itself is beautiful! The rooms are also very nice. The Villas are OUT OF SIGHT amazing. I was at a bondage party here in 2010 after the last night of the AVN Awards.Few things here.. Security at the elevators is very tight 24/7. It's nearly impossible for a girl to even charisma check her way past them. You WILL need to rendezvous with your provider somewhere on the grounds.Also the Valet is a total cluster as it runs into the palazzo and meanders under bridges and around faux-venetian canals. Please note the 3-Star rating is based solely on a man's ability to enjoy himself with a consenting adult who is not staying in the hotel, not on the merits of the hotel itself which is, truthfully, breath-taking.
4	I took my boyfriend here in July to surprise him for his birthday. He had NO idea it was coming and was totally stoked when I told the cab driver to head to the Venetian. The place still has a good name for itself.The hotel is central to everything on the strip - and if you know Vegas, you know location is vital. We got a great rate on a luxury suite (their most basic room), which was a nicely sized split-level suite with an L-shaped couch and a big comfy king-sized bed. Overall the room was clean, but the furniture was very old and dated.It can be hard to snag space by the pool, mostly because rude people try to save their chairs with towels, or abandon their seats without picking up after themselves. Just snag one of the pool attendant girls and tell her you're having trouble finding a spot and she'll make it happen while you order a cocktail at the bar. Problem solved. Tip them for the trouble they save you!You can get pretty yummy and affordable breakfast at Grand Luxe downstairs. They had great coffee!The Venetian is a pretty solid hotel, and I would recommend it to friends if they found a good rate, but I wouldn't go out of my way to repeat our visit because I prefer more up-to-date decor. The Mirage across the street has some beautifully renovated rooms with plush beds for roughly the same or cheaper rates, so that would be my preference in the future if I wasn't prepared to splurge on the Wynns/Encores/Cosmopolitan hotels of the world.
5	Just go. You're welcome.
4	5 stars for beauty n luxury! OMGosh!!! Was it just me? Damn! It was sooo difficult to get to my room! Definitely WORTH the walk and 2 elevAtor trips to a luxurious roomy suite but yes a maze! One can easily get lost after a few drinks so travel with a buddy you might end up elsewhere... And despite the beauty, where's the vanity lock?  At least the toilet in the vanity room had it's own door.  Nice n plush terry robes trimmed w gold await you after a nice relaxing soak in there huge bath tub! 2 flat screens, printer n fax available, paid wifi, nicely stocked mini bar $5 KitKat $25 for a pot of coffee :)
4	There's 1204 reviews here (and counting), so I don't think I NEED to vouch for this place, but The Venetian is pretty friggin' sweet.But yeah, it's awesome. It's pretty affordable for the luxury, so go ahead and do it. Treat yo'self!
5	Best hotel ever! This is one of the most beautiful places you could stay! The customer service is phenomenal, and once you see the decorations and the inside/casino and restaurants you won't be able to leave it! You are pretty much smack dab in the middle of the Strip when you stay here, and a cab ride would never cost more than ten bucks [tip included]. But that's if you even ever want to leave it! It features shows like The Jersey Boys, Phantom of the Opera, The Blue Man Group, a wax museum [which I must say has a pretty cool collection], and of course an amazing and spacious Casino. It also has a magnificent mall, two gondola rides throughout it's shopping mall, amazing fine dining restaurants [including one opened by Wolfgang himself!], little complimentary entertainment in a plaza like area, night clubs like Tao [which is an asian bistro restaurant during the day] and many many many more interesting things I could not remember no matter how hard I try simply because you just have to experience it all on your own! And now for the more technical aspects, the rooms are all suites as a standard. They're split level, come with three TV's, huge bathroom, amazing living room, computer desk, a fax, an extensive mini bar, beautiful big windows, and not to mention all the cute little extras like automatic curtains and amazing interior design [especially the bathrooms, there are a ton of mirrors for every angle, and girls do appreciate that!] Honestly I probably missed sooo much more but my point here is that this is a beautiful, comfortable, and super cleanly environment. I'm so satisfied I can't wait to come back!P.S. The gondola steerers sing too! Sooo much fun! Definitely worth it!
4	By far the best place to stay in Vegas is the Bellagio. Second place is the Venetian, which does have a better Spa, and accommodations and service almost equal to the Bellagio. But the canals don't compare to the Bellagio Gardens.We've stayed at many Vegas hotels. We will go back to the Venetian for variety, but the Bellagio is better in this class of hotels.
4	One of my top places to stay in Vegas! The suites are huge, not that it matters I guess since you don't spend that much time in there anyway. Love how there are mirrors EVERYWHERE in the bathroom/entry area. I also think their mirrors make you look skinnier... Ha! The room service was good (but pricey, of course). Forgot what we ordered but it came out to $50-60 after the late-night fees and gratuity and stuff. Oh the price you pay for drunchies... I love how it's connected to the Palazzo. So many restaurants and shops that you never have to leave really! But even if you do, it's pretty close to other good hotels/clubs/restaurants/shops, etc. Great location! And it's super pretty inside of course.
4	Stayed here for two nights in December 2011 (Fri the 2nd & Sat the 3rd). We were a group of ten ladies this trip and two suites were enough for us.As with prior trips, we dined at Tao on Saturday night before transitioning to the nightclub after dinner. As long as most of the people in your group order an entree, you should be able to get a stamp to enter the nightclub for free. However, I always use a promoter, so we skip the lines and get free admission. The girls and I were offered free VIP seating throughout the night, along with free drinks - so of course it was a great night.Our rate for each room (booked via its website) was:$160.00/per night$19.04/per night resort fee$19.20/per night room tax--------------------------------------------------- Total Billed to each Suite = $396.48
5	The Venetian is just fabulous!I have had many visits to Vegas but have always stayed at the MGM which is a fantastic spot to party and lay your head too... however, we switched it up this time for a bachelorette party and were not disappointed with all the amenities The Venetian has to offer. We booked two Luxury Suites on the 16th floor which boasted nearly 700 square feet of space per room. I especially loved the sunken in living room area complete with a comfy sectional couch, dining table and massive television. The oversized and luxurious bathroom was a nice touch for our room of 4 ladies too. Although, we didn't spend a significant time in our rooms, coming back to this was a wonderful incentive after a long day of debauchery.The grounds of the Venetian offer up spectacular dining options: hello snazzy French Bistro Bouchon, scrumptious Italian feast at Canaletto & casual yet delish Grand Lux Cafe! We had incredible service at Tao nightclub that included being escorted to the front of the line and complimentary bottle service for our gaggle of gals. What a beautiful club! The DJ was solid and so were the dancers and geishas splashing around in the bathtubs throughout the evening. Gambling was fun and the shopping divine. The Grand Canal Shoppes and The Shoppes at the Palazzo both offered up reasonably priced options such as Banana Republic or Marshall Russo alongside Barneys New York, Chloe, and Armani too! I could literally spend an entire day bopping around these retailers. Wished I would have had more time to take a gondola ride, visit Canyon Ranch spa, and check out the wax figures at Madame Tussauds. A summertime visit to enjoy the pool parties must be in the mix too!TIP: When taking a cab from the airport, make sure the driver avoids the freeway! Cost for the ride was $18 on our way to The Venetian but when a cabbie took us back to the airport, he took the freeway and our money too - $30. No thank you.
4	This review is long over due...Stayed here a few times. The first time was for my brother's 21st bday (4th of july weekend in 2009).  The first time I stayed, I was disappointed; at least getting to our room; it's like a Maze! but the more and more i stayed at the Venetian, i got used to it and ended up being a fan of the hotel.  I;ve always stayed at the Bella suite and it's perfect for 6 people. Yes, six! that's if you get the 2 queen beds, and the sofa bed. It's pretty affordable to stay at the Venetian if you go with a group of friends. My friends and I always book our room from Book It when they have their "Mystery Suite" Deal!  :)
5	I've stayed @ every hotel on the strip even downtown!This is the best hotel ever.  You have to pay a little extra 4 the best!I feel like im cheating on the Wynn/Encore. . .but my heart is always in love with this hotel!I stayed here with a couple of friends 4 nye weekend.  The beds r the BEST!!! super comfy! The suites are a great size!!!I've stayed here numerous of times. . .service is AMAZING! Housekeeping was super friendly and was always there when we needed them. . .the chocolates were yummy also!being "one of the boys" sometimes doesn't have its perks. . .in that being, I didn't like the shower was all glass. . . being the only female it was time consuming when getting ready if someone was in the shower! :P
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas. Nice decor, food court near by, great poker room, nice location on strip, easy morning routine for coffee, rooms always great.
5	How could I give my beloved Venetian anything less than 5 stars?The Venetian is freaking awesome. Home to one of the most comfortable beds I ever slept in, the spacious bathrooms, the crackin day & night club, and the tasty Bouchon and Grand Luxe. Venetian has it ALL. I love their huge rooms where you and your 10 friends can knock out practically anywhere in the room and not feel cramped after a long night of boozing and creeping at Tao, which is located right above the casino. Venetian finds a way to accommodate any guest, whether they're young bucks like myself or chronic gamblers. Lol. Basically, just stay here and you'll experience the greatness I've been rambling on about :)
4	Aside from The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, this is my second favorite place to stay of all the places I've stayed in Vegas. The suite with sunken living room and the huge bathrooms with a full bath AND shower definitely give you more breathing room. Again, you're in Vegas so you shouldn't spend that much time hanging out in you room. But if you have work to do the living room comes equipped with a desk and fax machine so the extras here really do make a difference. The Casino itself is decked out like most other high-end casinos so you can only out-lavish one another so much before everything looks the same. That being said, it is laid out so that I could actually learn the layout and not get lost, even when I was drunk so that's saying something. Definitely a good place to stay in Vegas
5	Probably the best hotel we've stayed at on the strip.  Biggest 'suite' we've stayed at as well.  Really nothing bad i could say about the suites...just that the price is probably pretty expensive on peak times.  we stayed during monday to wednesday to get the best deal.  things we loved:  three hd tv's in the room.  one for the bed, one for the living room, and one for the bathroom area.  what more could you ask for.  bed was very comfortable also.  not to firm or soft, slept very comfortable.  i think most people know this is a awesome hotel...you really get what you pay for ;)
4	Had a short stay here w/ one of my friend's and her group.  I was a little confused on how to get to the rooms on our own, there are separate towers and elevators.  Not gonna lie, but it took us a while to try and find our room.  Everything looks the same.The Room = spacious 2 queen w/ a sunken level where the couch was located.  The bathroom was the first room you see upon walking inside.  The room was nicely decorated... not too old looking - I usually go for the more modernized rooms.  The Bathroom = The entire room is closed off by a wooden screen door.  The toilet is blocked off from the vanity area & shower.  The room is bright & had a lot of walking space.I liked how there was enough space in the room for more than four.  The pool area was huge.  It was hot the day we went so it was nearly impossible for us to find lounge chairs, but we found this spot near a hedge, lol.  I liked how I was able to stand up in the pool and the water level wasn't up to my head, haha.  Overall, I had a fun experience, but I would want to try The Palazzo instead.  The rooms look nicer, more modern and mature for my taste.
4	The Venetian is my favorite hotel I've stayed at In Vegas so far.  IMO, the rooms are the best and biggest you're going to get for the best price on the strip.  I love the suites.  We've stayed in the Luxury and the Bella.  It's only been the husband and I so even that is more than enough room for the two of us.  Love the bathrooms and the black out blinds.  Flatscreen in the living room area, bedroom area, and bathroom.  I like that the watercloset is separate from the shower, bathtub, and sink area.  The Venetian has great restaurants, great shopping at The Canal Shoppes, and we've never received anything less than 5 star service.  The only thing really keeping it from getting 5 stars is the fact that the hotel is HUGE.  It's a hike from your room to the strip and back.
4	Can't afford a trip to Venice? Then the Venetian will make an attempt to appease your desire to visit the Italian city, most known for its waterway roads.Sort of.You can take a gondola ride through the mall of the Venetian-not sure of cost-but it's a pretty standard Vegas thing to do. Men in Parisian striped shirts and berets row the boats through the waterways and I think some of them sing to you if you tip them enough. I would say Venetian is in my top 5 Strip hotels and as a local I think that should count for something (right?). I love a good parking garage and the Venetian has one of the easier ones to access with many levels and distinctly separate entrances for entering and exiting. If you don't use parking garages a lot, that's not something you really think about, but I do and I feel like that's just a straight up safety feature-all garages should be designed like that.The layout of the hotel itself I don't love. Yeah, I'm directionally challenged, but navigating through the casinos between the Palazzo and Venetian are always stressful for me because the directions don't seem to be very clear. I feel like the directionals aren't very helpful because they tend to be very close to the place you're looking for. Maybe that's just me.I do like their collection of restaurants, particularly Bouchon and the Bouchon Bakery on the casino floor; you can get a sit down meal at Bouchon and some of Thomas Keller's equally delicious but more portable to-go items at the bakery. The bakery also has excellent coffee. It's also home to a new restaurant called Public House, Aquaknox, Delmonico Steakhouse (Emeril), B&B Ristorante and Carnevino (Mario Batali).There's a nice collection of shops in the mall on the 2nd level that includes Kenneth Cole, Banana Republic, a pretty high end shoe store as well as more casual dining options. I've also heard the Canyon Ranch Spa is one of the best in the city, but my wallet does not allow such luxuries.Of course there is the Venetian's golden child: TAO, a nightclub and restaurant in one, more renowned for the nightclub feature. While it can get beyond crazy in there, TAO is the one of the few clubs I reference for a true Vegas experience. The music is always good and I've always had a great time here. Overall, Venetian is a decent place to check out while in town and while I have never experienced the hotel side of it, I'd be interested to have a staycation. At the very least, I know I'll have access to good restaurants!
5	The Venetian has some of the best rooms (basic) in all of the strip. Every single unit in this hotel is a suite. So in the room depending on the # of beds, you could technically sleep up to 6 people. Which is a steal for college kids. But the suite is huge, has 3 flat screen TV's and comfortable beds. They have a great poker room and decent games, so i always enjoy myself here. As for food i'd probably eat elsewhere on the strip because the Venetian is not well known for foodies at least in my opinion. I would rather go to Wynn or Bellagio, and even MGM for that. But this is hands down one of my favorite hotels on the strip and as a past vegas junky i've seen my fair share of rooms and i'd usually stay here on almost any trip...
4	This hotel is gorgeous! We stayed in the Venetia Tower and we rented out rooms with 2 beds each. Each room had a fold-out sofa bed, so 6 people are able to fit. The room also had 2 flat screen TVs. The bathroom was huge with a vanity mirror, 2 sinks, a bathtub, and shower stall. I could literally live in the bathroom!Customer service was great! When we needed extra bedsheets and blankets, it was promptly given to us. When we got a little lost, the man working there pointed us in the right direction.The only problem I had was the ease of getting lost in the hotel. I had to take 3 different elevators to get to my room and we considered this to be the "shortcut." Just make sure you READ the signs!I did a little gambling inside Venetian's casino. There are a bunch of places to eat as well such as Buchon, Grand Lux Cafe, and a food court that serves sandwiches, pizza, pasta, etc. There are also a lot of restaurants and shops within walking proximity to this hotel along the strip.
4	Dont get me wrong, but this is a beautiful hotel. They have a great shopping center here, but the not as great as planet hollywood's. We stayed in one of the suites here for an awesome price! The Venetian makes you feel like youre in little italy. 1.amazing views and gorgeous decors2.service was friendly3. rooms were spaceous and gorgeous 4. TAO and Lavo are located inside this hotel.5. its vegas baby! haha
5	Stayed here for my friends 21st. *drool* we stayed on the top floor in the huge suites. we had a huge master bedroom, two bathrooms, a Jacuzzi tub, two shower head shower and three TVs. VERY nice :]I felt bad for the maids because we kind of trashed the place but at least we didn't break the door like someone down the hall did. The beds were really comfy and the room was always cleaned whenever we left.But they treated us like Kings & Queens except when we lost our key card. But i saw Questlove and posse it was really nice. Id definitely stay here again!!
5	We stayed here for a night last December and loved every bit of the "Venetian" experience. Our suite was big- 1600 sq feet, almost like renting an apartment for the night. We were in a room with two queen beds and one bath. Loved the shower stall, Jacuzzi and dressing room.  The gold and brass fixtures mixed with warm espresso colors of the furniture gave the effect of royalty!The restaurants at this hotel are a gourmand's delight! Loved the Taqueria Canonita. This restaurant is right next to the canal and affords a great view for outdoor diners. We went there straight after our gondola ride. I dug into one of the best lip smacking chile rellenos I have eaten so far. The queso fundido was yummmmm too, served with warm flour tortillas. We ordered a plate of wild mushroom enchilladas for our son. He has low spice tolerance and this dish was just perfect for him.  We also got a coupon during our stay  to use at the Grill Restaurant. We tucked into some delicious Italian food at this place the next day.The  winter celebrations at the Ventian are awesome. There is music by the Christmas tree  every evening and performances by people dressed in garb from yore.Check out the Blue Man's Group while you are here. It is an hour and a half long and my three year old was fascinated enough to sit right through it!!If nothing else, just wander around the Venetian, taking in the sights, revelling in the murals, sculptures  and colors around you. That alone, is worth 5 stars.
3	In general the Venetian is pretty nice (as is the Palazzo) but I tend to think it's just a tad overrated. The smell they pump through the place instantly brings to mind the odor of a fresh urinal cake, meant to mask other smells. It cheapens the place in my mind.  The shopping is nothing to write home about, but they have some decent restaurants and good clubs (Tao). I enjoy gambling in the Venetian casino when I happen past.  The rooms are nice and when I book my trips to Las Vegas I always consider the Venetian but end up booking someplace else (next door), even when the prices are comparable.
5	We stayed here with a big group of girls of a bachelorette party, and it was completely perfect. We stayed in 2 Bella Suites, and it was plenty if space for 9 of us. The rooms were giant so we could spread our overstuffed suitcases out, and there was a huge bathroom that made it easy for 4 of us to get ready simultaneously. However, don't stay here with people you're not close with. The shower is made of clear glass and anyone who comes in to use the toilet is going to have a graphic view of your bathing experience. Luckily we had all lived together before, so it was nothing new. It was too cold to use the pool, but it looked gorgeous. Also def appreciated that we did not have to brave the cold to go to Tao and Buchon. Well worth the price tag!
3	We stayed at the Ventian November, 2011 for our 13 year anniversay. It was a must-do place for us and we were finally able to swing it. The room was in the Venetian Towers and while it was a neat layout, (sunken livingroom) I wasn't at all impressed wih the furnishings for the cost. The upholstered seating was rock-hard. The pieces seemed to be a hodgepodge of styles - almost as if this was the room that got the leftovers after mate pieces had gotten broken in other rooms. I am well-aware hotel furniture sacrifices the fine-furniture status for sturdiness, but these pieces really didn't speak quality, class or sturdiness to me. One piece was literally standing on it's last leg and would have collapsed altogether if my husband hadn't gingerly touched it. We called housekeeping to let them know of the damage and it was promptly taken away. The view from the room overlooked Las Vegas Blvd AND the unattractive rooftops of the buildings between us and the road. I prefer the view from the Bellagio. That being said, having a television in the LR and one in the BR portion of the room was nice for when you were tired of sitting on a slab and wanted to watch from the comfort of the bed. And, needing a nice hot soak after a long day of walking around, it was also nice having a small tv in the bathroom as well. The bathroom is gorgeous and had a nice vanity so I could sit and apply makeup and do my hair while my husband used the mirror over the sink. The hallways and public areas were sumptuous and what I would have thought the room would be as well. The staff was efficient and friendly. The vendors were varied and interesting. The eating establishments were varied, interesting and for the most part very good. For the first time, we stayed totally within the Venetian/Pallazio campus for EVERYTHING. That was a nice treat. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. I was just disappointed with the view, the decor and the comfort of the room.
4	This hotel is beautiful. Bottom line! Even though it is slowly becoming more and more outdated by all of the amazing new hotels and casinos popping up on the strip, the Ventetian is still holding its own! I have never actaully stayed at this hotel before, but I have walked through the casino and the shops about a dozen times and I will keep on going back! In the shops, the singers on the gondolas are incredible. Their voices echo through the tunnels and their seemingly perfect pitch makes for a pleasant experience for everyone- not just those paying!My first new experience in the Venetian was in the convention center. HOLY COW! That place is seriously a maze of underground tunnels and rooms! It is very overwhelming! Strap on your tracking devices before entering this thing!
3	Beautiful hotel, polite but not outgoing staff.  Nickel and dime with "resort fee" rather than fully loading the room rate up front. If the 20$ is unavoidable, add it to the room rate. Canyon ranch pales in comparison to the mandalay spa.
5	This is mainly for the Venetian event space/Sands Expo. Simply excellent crew working here and provides top notch services. The hotel Group Ambassadors are amazing, as well as the CSMs, banquet crew, security....everyone! The restaurants are all excellent, casino is fun as well .What a beautiful Venue. One of the best!
5	The Venetian is awesome! It's a gorgeous hotel! The room was very large compared to the other hotels I've stayed at. We were 5 ladies in a bella suite and it was pretty sweet! 2 Queens and a pretty big sofa. A lot of mirrors, which is important with a group of 5 girls! WiFi is included in your resort fee. The elevators play Phantom of the Opera! The show Phantom is closing this year :-( I saw it a couple years ago and it was great. My only minor complaint is that I ordered extra pillows and a blanket twice and the first time they brought me 4 pillows, no blanket. The next time I ordered a comforter, I was corrected that they have feather blah blah's and I'm like sure. So they bring up some sort of blanket. Not a really big deal. We went to Lavo and Tao and had a great time at both. I would stay here again.
4	Nice beds and bathroom, professional staff, and much help from the Lost and Found department when I realized about a month later that I left my camera in our room. Within days it was shipped back to me as though it had never left my side (thanks room service for not keeping it!). We got some free Tao guest list passes as I'm sure is pretty standard, though the line outside was off the hook the entire time we were there; never did make it in though I've heard we had nothing to lose. Thankfully there was a Walgreens very close to us (was it attached to the hotel?), allowing us to grab some booze and save money on drinks at the clubs. Clean casino, good little random dining spots like the Boulangerie for pastries in the morning, pizza or sandwiches as you pass through after a day of shopping, etc. Though there are many nice hotels in Vegas, the Venetian is a great one and I'd definitely stay there again.
5	Incredible rooms! Prices are incredible. And, everything is near by.
4	This hotel went all out! I really do feel like I'm in Venice. At Christmas time, they have an ice skating rink in the front. However, I imagine it's quite pricey. Their Christmas tree was huge~ It's very picturesque here. However, I hated and loved those moving ramps. It gives your legs a rest, but since it's tilted up I feel like I'm going to fall. They also move very slow. It'd probably be faster to take the stairs. Things to check out while here:- Madam Toussauds- Boushon Bakery
4	The Venetian is a great place to stay in Vegas with a large group.  You can get rooms on hotwire for as little as $125/night - this is one of the 5 start strip north hotel choices along with Wynn, Encore and Palazzo.  The standard rooms are suite style - 2 queen beds, if available, and a pull out queen couch so you can sleep 6 people comfortably.  Bathrooms are large and comes with a tub and a shower.  The tub is typically used to hold ice and bottles of alcohol.  Two sinks and a separate toilet room.  I always ask for the tower closer to the Grand Luxe Cafe (I can't remember the name of that one) cause if you end up in the other tower, it's a LONGGG way home after the nightclubs.  The Grand Luxe in Venetian is open 24/7.  There's also Noodle Asia which is open till 3 if you're really craving that beef noodle soup at $10/bowl.  The nightclub in Venetian is Tao - not a fan but always a good backup if your plans fall flat at night.  Tao Beach in the summer - basically an extremely small version of MTV spring break, if you've seen it.  I like just hanging out in the Venetian pool better - more space, you can still drink, all the same jazz minus the clustereff.
5	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Just because I love anything Italian related.My friends and I got a suite here and it was heavenly. The bed was big enough to fit 3 girls and the room had two sofas (one was a pull-out) which was just enough to fit 3 boys. The bathroom was splendid. There were three TVs, one in each room and a smaller one in the bathroom. The best part was the see-through shower stall, assuming no one would come in while you were showering, you could watch TV.I've walked around The Venetian dozens of times. I love the shopping mall because of the painted sky and the miniature canal running through the main plaza with the gondola ride is just too cute to boot. I've also seen The Phantom of the Opera show here and the theater was very nice.Needless to say I've also been to TAO and TAO Beach quite a few times as well. I feel like Tao is the staple club that I visit whenever I come to Vegas...it's alright. It gets crowded and the bathroom line takes forever but the atmosphere is pretty sweet. The dance floors aren't too spacey but that doesn't matter when you and your friends are up on the stage. ;] Tao Beach was nice. My friend had a hook up so we got a table and danced the night away with our hot bartender chica that poured us drinks and had fun with us. During the day it gets pretty crowded here but the food is bomb!I can't wait to come back to the Venetian.
4	I thought the hotel was well designed and the rooms were very well themed. It was spacious enough and the room didn't lack anything aesthetically. More spacious than a lot of other hotels in Vegas as the rooms are suites (about 600 or 700 sq ft). Price is very reasonable for what you get.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite, if not my favorite, hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are really nice, the gambling is good (not that I'm an expert on such matters), and the food (ok, I'm an expert on this) is amazing. Eat at Aquaknox...do it. And order lobster.
5	There are three things I look for when I book a hotel for Vegas.1. Location on the strip2. Swag factor (I'm in Vegas)3. Will I be able to find my hotel room late at night.4. Bathroom space and lightingOkay I lied, I look for four things.This hotel has all of that. It's closest to my favorite restaurants/clubs in Vegas, and the food court downstairs has saved me from dying hunger. The room is also VERY spacious with two queen beds and a couch section that can probably sit 6 people. I wouldn't recommend the room service though, it wasn't bad but don't expect anything as fancy as the hotel. The bathroom at the Venetian is my all time FAVE, and I do have to comment on this because I'm a girl. It's huge and four girls had an easy time getting ready at once without too much clutter. One section of the bathroom has a vanity and there are double sinks with lots of space in between. It has a shower and a bathtub as well as a separated toilet room.
5	the venetian is BEAUTIFUL!!!! walking in, felt like I shipped myself to europe for the weekend. It's nice here..great service, food, casino is nicer than most and lots of entertainment. What i loved the most about this place is their suite, and their security! Before you can take the elevator to your room, you gotta face the security guy and show him your room card. I think this is great, especially keeps out the rowdy kids from drunk parties. The lobby once you enter your floor is quiet and CLEAN. there's a huge comfortable lounge couch on each floor. We had the suite and it was AAAAMMMAAAZZZINNNNNGGGG. It blows off Harrah's cheap room and the bathroom was so beautiful. There were like tv's in each room! (+ for asian channel) . The downside is there's no free wifi...I would definitely stay here again. it's super convenient to do everything. it's in the middle of the strip..lots of good entertainment..good food..great atmosphere!
4	i would suggest you don't walk while you stare at the ceiling...chances are you won't bump into a hot guy (just another idiot gawkin at the amazing artwork)PROS:BEAUTIFUL!!! this hotel was breath-taking. i cannot begin to explain how much in awe i was when i first walked through it.  as far as the suite, the bed was sleepin in clouds with a great pillow and down comforter...bathroom was INCREDIBLE!  I went with a bunch of party-rocker friends (4 girls + 2 guys = 6 people total) and there was definately enough space.  so stayin with a bunch of friends, it was nice that there was two sinks (one turned into a cooler though cause we couldn't use the fridge to chill our drinks) and another door to the toilet within the bathroom (mainly so i could bomb the can while everyone else was getting ready).  another bonus (girl thing) plenty of mirrors in the bathroom, so we could all get ready quick!  and i felt really safe here (especially cause i tend to wander off late at night by myself), there was a lot of security...they even escorted me and my friend to our room one nightCONS:it's a frickin maze! upon arrival, (other than the incredible paintings & sculptures) we were ALL thinkin: "oh sh!t...i hope we don't get lost trynna find our room at the end of the night".  it was literally right, up the elevator, across the bridge, left, right, left, right, right, up the elevator, right, right...= lost to me! after a while we got it, but it's just a journey to get to the room (especially after a long night in the club in heels).  our keys all got deactivated, and to get new ones that worked took FOREVER (aka 3hrs of going up and down to see if it worked, waiting around, etc.).  i don't know if that was a weird situation, but service could be better.it isn't the closest to the strip...so we ended up cabbin it everywhere. oh and beware: if you touch anything in the fridge, you will be charged. they have a motion sensor on that thing. & no micro so can't really save any leftoversCOME BACK AGAIN?:i was glad that we stayed here.  it was a fun experience, but for the price, probably wouldn't come back again.  i think everyone should stay here once.  if your plans are to hit the clubs every night, i would suggest stay closer to the middle (other than the one night we went to tao, we were at cosmo, ph, etc).
4	Nice hotel. The rooms where spacious and classy and quite. Nice big bathrooms and the room I had looked down the strip.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  Rooms are big and well designed.  Service is better than Bellagio or Wynn.  Casino is great, maybe a bit dated compared to Aria or Wynn.  Poker Room is among the best in town.  Restaurant choice and Canyon Ranch are outstanding.
4	What I love about Vegas is it's ability to bastardize any culture easily and effortlessly. Although it's completely tacky, they're able to execute your experience in a way that's oddly enjoyable. At the Venetian you get the canals of Venice and the Cheesecake Factory all rolled into one pretty package! Can we say "Dream World?!" In particular, I love the human statues and have often wondered what the pay rate is to stand completely still for an hour.Other than a fabricated taste of Venice, what you'll find when staying at The Venetian is value! I stayed in the luxury suites a year ago and the rooms are spacious at an affordable rate. More than enough space to sleep 4+ and the bathrooms are huge! There are restaurants, shopping, nightlife and gambling located all within the hotel and you really don't even have to leave the building if you're feeling extra lazy. If you do choose to see the light of day or the strip, The Venetian is centrally located on the strip and there are lots of other fabulous destination (Fashion Show Mall & The Wynn) located right next door. If you're a first time Vegas traveler I'd highly recommend the Venetian as it'll give you a nice taste without the huge price tag. Yelp 365 Challenge #171/365 (The That's Amore)
5	I do not hand out five stars for many things, but this is the best hotel in Las Vegas. The Venetian has wonderful rooms, nice variety of restaurants, and a good vibe. I've never had a bad experience here (I've been to Vegas too many times to count) and I don't always stay here. If I am trying to impress, this is where you do it. Something about cucumbers, oranges and watermelon at the pool at 9 a.m. just sets the mood for great things to come. Don't bother with the Palazzo. Venetian will treat you just right.
5	The last time I was in Vegas, the Venetian hotel was just under construction so we never got to see it.Now that I finally got to come back to Vegas in Feb 2012, I got to see it for myself after hearing all the hype.  What a beauty!This is by far the nicest hotel on the strip outdoing Cesar's Palace which held this title for the longest time.The interior of the hotel has a beautiful outdoor setting of Venice is more like a huge mall rather than a hotel.  Beautiful shops, all the big names, classy restaurants, it has it all.  Bought some Godiva chocolates, Harley D shades, and a few other treats that we can't get back home.  One thing I noted is that many of the shops, even the high end shops have sale signs all over the place, like 50%-70% off for Gucci, Versace....wow.  Where were these sales back in 2000?  Too bad I didn't really need anything or else I would have gone shopping crazy!  Tons of bargains due to the lousy economy there now.Vegas baby, I will be back...and I won't take so long next time.
4	This hotel is truly a gorgeous hotel. From the moment you walk in the door the look and feel is opulence. Everything is over the top and stunning. You are in constant amazement as to how someplace can make you feel like you are in another country during your stay, the people that work there are very service oriented. We stayed here for 3 nights and pretty much did not need to leave our hotel for anything. Between Palazzo and The Venetian everything you need during your stay will be right here. I am definitely a fan!
4	i visited back in december, and stayed in the venetian for about 4/5 nights. this review is for hotel AND casino. ready for a long comprehensive review, read on.hotel:i've stayed at hotels where they clean top to bottom each day. venetian is not one of them. we left a few bucks for the housekeeper each day and she would do the bare minimum. tuck our bedsheets/give us new towels, throw out the garbage, and refill the toiletries. however, she failed to mop/wipe/dust/sweep. i noticed my hair on the floor still there and wet stains that dried up along with crumbs. i know this is my own mess but given that this is a 5 star resort i expect more. we stayed in two king bed luxury suites and we checked in at 12AM and they only had 1 room ready. they told us to come back for the other room in about half hr. wth???in addition, they were doing construction near the parking lot garages so it felt a little funky walking through all the mess as a guest at a 5 star hotel. also when you first check in you have to walk through SO much (the garage leads to the shops which then leads through an area in front of the TAO lounge, and then through the casino and into the lobby) unless you took a cab and came through the front. that was a pretty big hassle because we had to walk through loads of people starting their night around midnight waiting for TAO to open! and there wer alraedy a bunch of drunkards waiting to party. our room was so large that we never even really stepped foot into the living room area. if you had a queen luxury suite you can probably sleep 6-8 people comfortably. i am not even lying. the rooms are definiltey dark and lack lamps or light swtiches! but the bathroom is gorgeous and although i would never touch a bathtub in public places it looked super comfy! haha. i'm a standup shower type of person! loved the rooms at the venetian although my bed was a tad mushy for my liking.i also loved the elevators but the bellagio does it better. the location is more toward the end of the strip toward freemont st. so its not exactly in the middle of all the action. i bought my whole vegas trip with RT flight package from expedia so my cost for the luxury king room came out to less than $100 a night !! i just wished my $20 sandwich worked (see note below)! owell theres always next time! i heard about the famous $20 sandwich so of course i had to try it. rumor has it that you slip a folded 20 dollar bill and slide it in between your credit card and id card at check in and ask them: can you please check for complimentary upgrades? the front desk agents will glady sweep that out of your hand. ours tried hard to look for us but it could have been the fact that we had two rooms that we wanted to keep together or the fact that we only gave $20 for 2 rooms which should have been $40 for two rooms OR even the fact that it was really busy because he apologized after pounding ferociously on the keyboard and said they have no upgrades available. he pushed the $20 and my ID card back toward me and said he can do this for me instead: waive the resort fee of $17 a day and provide us with free breakfast vouchers at the grand lux cafe each morning for the duration of our stay. well lets do some quick math: $17 x 6 days x 2 rooms is 204 dollars that he is essentially saving me! so of course i said SURE so he took the money back from the counter as swiftly as he could. and provided each of us (4 of us in total) with a breakfast voucher. SWEET. $20 cash well spent! the $17 resort fee includes internet so be sure to take advantage of that.. dont worry if the charges show up on your room charge (check the TV screen). just call front desk the night before you leave and tell them your resort fees were waived but you still see charges and they will remove it instantly. dont forget to call front desk and ask housekeeping to bring you a pair of men's and women's complimentary slippers! ---casino:i won a decent amount on slots, and playing blackjack switch. a few of the dealers are so nice and help you out with blackjack tips/laugh along. although i stayed at the venetian i didnt gamble here as much as i should have. their casino is definitely not simple with decor. the carpet/lights/decor makes me blind and hurts my eye when i see this. i like the bellagio because it's easy on the eyes. since i won money i will probably be back sooner than later. the drink service was quick. the only thing is there always seemed to be drunkies lurking around at the venetian. either at the table games or the slots or even walking through the hotel/casino.
4	This is a great hotel to enjoy Las Vegas in. The pools aren't as fun as Caesar's, but then no one's are, and I originally found it distressing there was no pool bar at the suites' tower's pool, until I realized this meant I could BYO. The rooms are plush and fancified, the staff is polite, and they have a Bouchon, which means I have to love them (even if Bouchon's oatmeal has lost its "best in the world" stars from me).
5	Another one of my top 5 casinos.  This place literally smells like roses!  Like freaking roses, people!Sorry, I had to get that out of my system.  A very large casino with plenty of touristy, sight-seeing things here.  A Sistine-ish ceiling, opera singers, a giant mall, tons of restaurants, gondoliers.  What more could you possibly want?Now that I'm a local, I come here more for the people-watching aspect.  I realize now I can't afford the shops at the mall, or the restaurants, or the ride in a gondola.... But it's still fun to just hang out.  And smell the roses.In all, an architecturally beautiful building that you can wander in for hours.  Minimal smoke smell.  A couple permanent shows and a venue for rotating singers and comedians.  You can find a few restaurants that are moderately priced (about $15 per entree, Grand Lux for example) and there is a food court in the mall near the parking garage.Located on the north side of the strip, connected to the Palazzo and near Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn/Encore, and Harrah's.  A bit of a walk to the other casinos.  It can get really crowded on the weekends.I had stayed in a room about 5 years ago and they were large and beautiful.  Very romantic if that's what you are going for.  All their rooms are suites.
5	AWESOME upgrade to the suite and the room is so big and nice especially the bathroom I cannot leave this room!!! I paid more to stay at the encore and boy was I dumb. Next trip to Vegas I'll be here again for sure. Not sure about my luck gambling here but love the service the staff provide and the room is just awesome. That's all I have to say.
4	Having a suite was great, loved the bathroom, not sure worth extra $ for view
4	The rooms are spacious and luxurious, and they have the best Chinese on the strip (Noodle Asia). Love walking around the Canal Shoppes, but it is REALLY easy to get lost in this hotel.
4	Beautiful hotel.- great customer service before, during, and after my weekend stay- rialto suite with foyer was very spacious- food court with affordable options- fine dining available- small convenient shops for basic toiletries and snacks- housekeeping great with providing extra towels, blankets, and slippers- need to present room key card to use hotel elevator banks- "free" wifi (included in your resort fees)
5	this hotel is pure decadence. the beds are delicious with down comforters and soft sheets, the bathroom luxurious with beige marble and gold accents, and the suite set up makes even us po' folks feel rich. walking through this hotel feels like you are taken back in time to some ornate venetian palace complete with sentries guarding the way. they kind of freaked me out late at night when i was coming home from the club but i was also glad they were there.the gym by canyon ranch is also really nice if you are weird like me and work out when you are in vegas. they also had a pretty reasonably priced little cafe in there serving healthy spa type eats.bottom line: love this place and will definitely stay again!
5	We got married at the Venetian on August 17, 2011 and used the hotels photography services.  We worked with Crissy FitzPatrick-Marble on our photography package and Anthony was our photographer and he did a great job.   All of our pictures were ready to view the next day and we were able to sit with her and look at everything and decide then what package we wanted to go with.  She made it very easy for us.  We went with the photo package that includes a disk with all of our prints and the copyrights to all of them and the DVD of the ceremony.  We also got an album, some 8x10s and specialty photographs, such as metallic paper, canvas and a gorgeous 3 piece panel to go on the wall.  If you can get all of these I would definitely purchase these items as they are made extremely well and look beautiful.  The album is beautiful; We got a clear acrylic cover and it almost looks like glass.  Everything was shipped to us and we had everything in our hands by November, which is really quick.  I know people who wait sometimes years to have everything completed.   If you need anything retouched or photo shopped they do it and do it well!  All in all I have to say that Crissy was one of the most pleasant and easy people to deal with at the Venetian.  The quality of everything is great and we love everything.  We highly recommend it!
3	very pretty in side just a little over priced.
5	What can I say - I landed at LAS, hopped in a cab and as soon as I arrived at the Venetian - I knew I was home! :) They are really giving my other top choice hotel (Bellagio) a run for their money. My last two trips to Vegas, I've stayed here and I must say - I am really enjoying this place although they are a little bit further down. It's a gorgeous hotel, with an abundance of retail and restaurants and connected to the Palazzo - you are in for a real treat. They seriously make it so you don't even have to go outside. I'm loving it and will of course be back!
4	Gorgeous, but VERY, VERY pricey hotel in the middle of the LV strip. Breath-taking Victorian interior decorations. Love the angelic tone to the ceiling! Had good luck playing Blackjack... came up and brought home all the winnings =)
3	Nice suites.  I like the layout of this room. Separate step-down living room with nice furnitures. Only down fall is that the lighting is dim, especially the bathroom.When I first walked into Venetian Casino from the Parking area, it seemed little dirty...I wasn't impressed with the Casino until I walked into the room.  Their WiFi in the room is very spotty for the price we pay...and what's up with the cell phone connection...? It sucks.Some Poker Dealers in the Poker Room have NO personalities.  Not too friendly, especially the ones that work late...along with the waitresses...
3	This is my first time here. Although there is room for improvement, I will likely not stay anywhere else when I come to Vegas. The hotel is large enough but is also small enough so you don't get lost. LAVO has a nice bar and restaurant and I like the lounge. I am not a big fan of Tao Beach and Nightclub. An added bonus is that it is right across the street from Bare at the Mirage, my favorite pool in Vegas. The Big:  The rooms are huge. King bed with a sunken living room and two sinks and a separate tub from the shower.  The food court has a lot of variety and the Grand Lux is a great 24 hr joint that is close to the hotel towers. There is an Expressamente to buy coffee and a bagel, Bouchon Bakery to also buy something on the fly and Cocilino for gelato. It is also close to the Canal shops and my favorite Italian restaurant Zefferino that my Italian friend turned me on to.The Little:  The towels and robes are too small and not plush enough for a $200/night hotel. In addition, the made did not give me more bath soap after the first night. Lastly, the internet connection was spotty and the TV reception wasn't much better. I hate paying for a resort fee when crap doesn't work properly.OVERALL RATING:  3.5
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! I have stayed here every time I go to Vegas and have never been disappointed. The rooms are impeccable and the service is outstanding. The last time I went, my friend and I arrived about 3 hours before the check-in time and they still let us into our room!The atmosphere in the Venetian is amazing! What a fun/elegant feel that takes you outside of Vegas and into Italy. The location is wonderful and is right next to a Walgreens so you can pick up some cheap commodities such as souvenirs and bottled water.I loved the pool at the Venetian, and Riva by Wolfgang Puck is a must for breakfast purely for the atmosphere. The drinks by the pool are AMAZING as well. Don't forget to try the Spiked Bellini.Overall, this hotel definitely deserves a 5 out of 5 stars. It is a bit more pricey than many of the other hotels on the strip, but worth every penny.
4	Stayed here for 5 days in August 09 with my Friend from work.We had one of the superior rooms and it was out of this world!Bigger than my flat in scotland.Very nice hotel and amazing value for money.Only thing i couldnt handle was the smell! Im sure some people will get used to it after a while though.I do look forward to my return...... May be a few years away though.
4	SUITE life of a rock star (Heck yeah pun intended?!)...Ok so I'm not a rockstar but I sure feel like one when I step through those doors and into an open room filled with luxury! What's great about this place?  Best suites for your buck?!  It's a great hotel to stay at for a large group  looking to party it up.  It has a large living room and great space.  You can easlily fit 8 people in that suite.  I love that they have a vanity area where you can get your glam on!  Things you need to know:-Sign up for their email promotions (I booked a suite for $109 a night)-Ask for free room upgrades during slow seasons.  You can get upgrade to their Venezia tower which is the concierge tower.  They will do turn down service and leave cute chocolates on your pillow every night.  Leave a note asking for extra chocolates, they are da BOMB!-Pool get's crowded, get down there the moment the sun comes up. -You get into Tao free for ladies and $10 for guys if you call concierge and put your name on guestlist before 7pm.-Tao Beach is free with a call to Concierge as well.  -Shopping is awesome and you can get discounts at certain stores if you received a promo from your Grazie Emails. Ok now go live up your life of a Rock Star and get this party started!
4	I usually don't play hooky from work...I like to keep things on the level. But when you have some friends from Chicago flying into Vegas for the NCAA national championship and they convince you to come hang then I might consider it. When they tell you they have a free room at the Venetian, well then as Miles in Risky Business  says "sometimes you gotta say f$%! it". So after a few phonecalls and a momentary lapse of professional guilt I make the drive to Vegas on a Monday afternoon. My friends had 3 rooms in between them and one had an extra bed, they said they'd add my name to the room so I can go to check in and get a key. For all my shenanigans in Vegas, including the year I lived there, I never had the pleasure of staying at the Venetian. I've gambled there, played poker there, ate there, and even went to Tao a few times there, but really had no reason to stay there as of yet.Check-in was a breeze. There were 2 people in front of me at prime check-in time and there was an employee directing traffic. It didn't have the awkward feel of a bank where you have to be called to the window like a 2nd grader. After 60 seconds of waiting, one of the front desk agents helped me out. Had the key in my hand 60 seconds later, and had my bags in the room and a drink in my hand 5 minutes after that.Room service at 4:45am was fast and flavorful. A bit pricey but when you bet a few bucks on Kentucky to cover with the under and HIT IT...then a $30 waffle only slightly raises an eyebrow.The room itself was pretty nice. Sunken living room, large sectional couch, table, 2 flat screens, a third in the bathroom, and plenty of storage space with an additional fridge to store the beverages.Overall the staff was very professional and friendly.I prefer staying at PH when I go to Vegas these days but if the situation presents itself I would gladly stay at the Venetian again!
4	I like this place a lot.  It's even better when the rooms are comped.  I play craps.
2	While the venetian has been on top of its game for the most part. My first stay here truly sucked. From the crappy service at the front dest. To the very mediocre and much needed update of a room. I was disappointed to say the least. When checking in. The lady at the front desk was just being snoby as hell. Very rude and stupid. It was almost 3 o clock. The normal check in time. And there still wasn't any rooms available. Unacceptable. I get to my room. And although its clean and neat. The furniture, curtains, sheets, colors etc were just all old faded and out of date. Even the t.v was old. With limited chanels. Do yourself a favor. Stay the palazzo. Or THEhotel. Better bang for your buck. Oh and hotel guests do not, repeat do not get into Tao night club for free. You skip the line, that's about it. Casino and spa are worthless too.
4	I remember the days when I was in undergrad and coming to this place, renting out three suites and piling 20 - 30 people in these suites. Those were the days. I'll always have a fondness for the Venetian.Now, I think the best thing about the Venetian is the poker room. It's a large, well-organized poker room. Grand Lux Cafe also has a special place in my heart; it's open 24 hours (I believe) and I always got the chicken mushroom soup, which is delicious.The shopping the Venetian is always nice. Even though I do not come here nearly as much anymore, I still think the Venetian is a nice property where you can't go wrong, both in terms of its rooms and its general location.
2	I have stayed in the Palazzo several times - this was my first time in the Venetian part of it.  It wasn't terrible, but I've experienced better.Check-in was easy... the woman at the desk was very friendly and the whole process was pretty painless.  The room she had put me in had a killer view of the strip.  The room was pretty nice... they are all suites, so they are huge.  A TV in the living room, another in the bedroom, and even one in the bathroom... wow!  The bed was incredibly comfortable... generally hotel beds are horrible on my back, but this was one of the most comfortable beds I'd ever slept in.  Also, the room was quiet... I didn't have any noise from my neighbors or hear other doors opening/closing. I'm not much of a gambler, so don't really have any comments there.  It seemed clean and didn't completely stink of cigarette smoke, so that was a nice plus.  My biggest complaint is that I was promised a non-smoking room... there is no way in hell that my room hadn't been smoked in recently.  It smelled so strong, that I was struggling to breathe the first time I had walked in.  I immediately called the front desk... they said they were going to set up an air purifier in the room and promised this would take care of it.  This was at about 10:15am.  By 11am, they still hadn't shown up yet, so I called back to make sure they were still coming.  I was promised they would be there in the next 20 minutes.  Since I had to go check in at a conference and wouldn't be in the room, I took their word for it and figured it would be dealt with while I was gone.  Unfortunately, I showed up at the room again at about 5:30pm, and it still stunk incredibly bad.  I called back to the front desk again and they apologized and would be sending somebody right up.  So, 10 minutes later, a guy shows up with a spray bottle... now when they said air purifier, I expected some sort of HEPA air filter, or something along those lines... not an industrial bottle of deodorizing spray.  So the guy sprayed the room - not a bit of difference...He did it again, and it helped, but it still wasn't great.  It went from cigarettes to about 30% cigarettes and 70% cleaning spray... oh well.  I also found cigarette burns in the couch.  Disappointing.Would I stay here again?  I'm not sure... probably not if I had to pay for it.  They really should have just offered to change rooms for me and I would have been happy with that... instead they took a very half-assed approach to dealing with the problem, and it was never properly dealt with.
5	the Venetian is a pretty amazing hotel, but alot of the hotels on the strip are!!! This to me was one of the better ones. As the inside is painted to look like the sky and they have Gondola boat rides.We didnt stay here, but we did the boat ride.. and that itself was great.
4	I love the Venetian. For the last several years I've been staying here during the Microsoft Management Summit and it has really made me a Vegas Hotel Snob, which is sad considering I don't have to pay for the room.  Still, if I DID have to pay for a room, I would probably want to pay for a room like this.There is a spacious working/sitting area with a TV, and then a spacious bedroom area ALSO with a TV.  A Giant Bathroom area, with tub and shower ALSO with a TV.  That's a lot of TVs!On the downside, pretty much every time I've been here, the previous occupant has made off with something.  Last year it was water from the expensive "Pay Fridge".  This year was one of the two plush robes (that wouldn't even fit my girthy frame should I choose to want one).  They have always been most accommodating in removing these things, but it sucks that I always have to play "Find the stolen thing" when I get here.They have raised the price of the Internet, but the good news is that at least it is a PER ROOM cost and not a per USE cost. That is, if myself and my better half want to use the Internet we only pay the once.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for anyone coming to town.
5	Venetian is one of my favorite hotels (with MGM Grand & NY-NY being my other favorites). It really is five-star quality in design, atmosphere, and it just gives you a nice feeling when you're there. The food is good and the Grand Canal Shoppes are amazing.
4	*did not stay just visited*I enjoyed my visit. I loved the gaming options there were slots there that were not available at other casinos. and my aunt and i enjoyed the cafes.however the perfume smell. my aunt and i got used to it quickly but my mother when she went she could not stand it and had to leave as her allergies started acting up
5	The place is beautiful and after the renovation it will be Gorgeous.All the worker are happy & friendly. The air quality is good not a fog of smoke like other casinos. They're making the place brighter which I love. Don't like dark places, I need to see my chips and the dealer who is taking it or giving it to me better.Love the fact that all the rooms are big suites. Love their pizza place by the food court on the right side on casino level Enzo, my favorite pizza place in Vegas. Poker room has free coffee & tea station. The poker tables are more roomy. Don't like it being soo tight & can't move. Love the fact their comp is the most, get $2. per hour and you can use it anywhere inside like cash.
2	Beds here suck! What I really need is a nice comfy bed after those long and wild vegas nights!
4	We stayed at Venetian and the room was perfect.  Upon check-in, we had excellent service.  We asked for a high floor room with a great view and that is exactly what we got.  The bathroom was amazing with a huge tub, glass shower, two sinks, and LCD TV.  Oh yea, and of couse there is the toilet.  Durr.  The layout of the suite is perfect.  You walk in and there are two SUPER comfy beds with a big flat screen.  A few steps below is another section with a huge L shaped couch and another TV.  I also loved how you have a remote to draw the curtains and shades.  This is KEY when you are hungover in the morning and can't seem to get up.  One press of the button and the 11am sunlight streams into your bedroom and you can't help but wake up. :)On top of the fabulous rooms, the hotel has so much to offer.  Fabulous shops, a fun gondola ride, and great restaurants.  I would definitely recommend staying at the Venetian.
5	Very fancy!  the suite is the way to go. Super huge rooms and you can fit at least half a dozen people in it. I stayed in the Venezia Suite Tower on my last trip, and holy smokes the room was like a castle for 3 people. Comfy beds, a big L-shaped couch (chicks dig it!) and a great view. I loved the layout because it reminded me a studio with the beds in the first area and the couch in the living area.The hotel itself is a masterpiece, lots of inspired art and decor. It just screams luxury. Casino is lit well and even though alot of people smoke, you don't smell it at all.Crowd consists of people who have alot of money and people who want to look like they have alot of money. LOL. So you can definitley call it upscale. I always feel like a small fish in the ocean when I gamble here, because my chip stacks of $1 roulette chips is nothing compared to the guy with the same sized stack but with $5 or even $25 chips lol. Not a place for novice gamblers! One of the higest limits of the strip, and you'll be pressed to find limits lower then $15 at night.As far as entertainment goes, theres Tao Nightclub in the evening time and Tao Beach for daytime fun. Quicktip! The cheapest way to get into Tao Nightclub is to eat there at dinner, and get a stamp. Definitley cheaper then simply dropping $40-$80 for cover and you can say you dined at a $$$$ restaurant lol.I prefer staying near the middle of the Strip where Caesars is, but Venetian is definitley on my top 3. Great crowds, great vibes, and great service! Definitley worth the experience!
3	As much as I think this is a gorgeous hotel with a lot to offer, their customer service at valet is not uniform with the rest of the hotel. Yes, the rooms are big and gorgeous but I did not find it that clean. The table beside the couch was extremely dusty where you could SEE a layer of dust. Eeeeek! This is what brings me to my three star review. I was coming back from running an errand and had some stuff to bring up, so I decided to valet. Since it was a Friday or Saturday night, I guess valet was getting full and they asked me if I was staying there. Yes, I am staying here....he asked to see my room key which I did not have on hand since I knew the other guests I was with were in the room and they were running their own errands around the hotel. Essentially, he was a big grouch and lectured me about how I should carry around a room-key if I want to valet. To me, this was extremely unwelcoming. So if someone was staying at another hotel but wanted to come to a restaurant, they would be forced to self-park? RUDE!So, not only was it a problem to valet, but every time I did valet it took between 15-20 minutes to get my car, totally unacceptable with cars that are in valet are very close. The Cosmopolitan welcomes everyone to valet, and has a quicker system anyways, so maybe I will just stay there next time!
5	Very gorgeous hotel.  The rooms that are "standard" are like an upgrade anywhere else in the US.  Easily - you could have a party in your room.Great place for nearly everything and its centrally located.  Rooms run around 235 or so a night.  Looking for a cheaper place?  Go across the street to Treasure Island where its about $125.Want a better room to say in?  Just ask when you check-in.... key - ask for the nice view.  Most of the time they will just upgrade you.
3	Sooooo much better than the Mandalay Bay was last year. Of note, the carpet didn't hurt my feet and none of the floors featured uneven fake cobblestones designed to kill my ankles.I got the standard Venetian room, with a nice little bedroom area, and then a sunken in living room with a couch and chair, writing desk, and table. I did get a view of the pool, which was nice. The bed was very comfortable, although it did have the worst case of "not fitted sheets" that I've ever seen - just laying down untucked all of the bottom sheet, guaranteeing you'd be sleeping in a wadded up mess about 5 minutes in to the night. Feels like for what casinos like this charge, they could get themselves some fitted sheets.Nice big bathroom, soaker tub and glassed in shower, plus a double vanity, plus a little side table with makeup mirror. So that's pretty cool. Although...no ventilation. Man, this place is making its way on to all of the bad hotel lists.My major complaint here was layout. Holy god - to get from the main lobby to the room, you go through this weird little back entry way by the reception desk, and up an elevator from the *Venetian* lobby to the *Venezia* lobby, which by the way, is completely unused, although patrolled by security. Then you walk down a really long hallway, twist and turn through some more hallways, finally walk through a hallway where there are actual hotel rooms (If I had one of these rooms, I would be furious) and find yourself in another elevator. Then you take that up to your floor, and walk a while to get to the room, depending on where it is on the floor. Quite a hike. I wish I had brought a pedometer to gauge the distance, but I did clock it - my usual brisk walking speed still took me 11 minutes to get from the room to the conference center. Crazy. Maybe this is to be expected, but it seems bizarre. The double elevator thing really blew my mind this time.
3	I did not actually stay in the hotel, but just passed through to do a gondola ride and take in a show.  It is a very aesthetically pleasing place.  I would be more than happy to give this place a try if I am ever back on the strip in Vegas.
5	This hotel I stayed at was very good. I enjoyed my self and it is very clean, great customer service. If i needed any thing the staff was very helpful.
4	Beautiful hotel to stay at For an affordable price!!!!
5	We scored a suite which consisted of an extremely comfortable bed, stand up shower, bathtub, three flat screen television, mini bar complete with your common hard liquors and mixers, and munchies.  The suites also have a living room area with two couches, a business "work station" with your own fax machine and internet connections, and DVD player.  This is the type of suite to host your pre-party event due to having enough room for your guests to do what you gotta do to start your night off Vegas style.  We spent the day at the pool (I forgot the name of the pool) I think there were two different pools at different levels.  The pool was beautiful and the poolside services were great.  The waitresses had prompt service offering food and drink.  The spa was also nice which was very relaxing.  What also mpressed me was the valet service.  They were super quick for being a "Strip" casino.  Overall a great experience.
5	Really nice hotel. The rooms were nice spacious and had three HDTVs. There is a lot you can do and see at the Venetian.
3	This hotel is beautiful, the pools are fab!!!I really enjoyed my stay here except ONE thing.... the phone service sucks if you are in your room! I stayed in the Bella suites thi weekend in the Venizia tower and it was like a dead zone, it took forever to get texts and for any thing internet related to come through. It was important for my phone to work since I was with a large group!Oh and one other thing, we were told we would get half off room service if we mentioned a certain staffs name, we used this twice and got 50% off our entire order but the third time they told us that they never had a promotion like that. (???)
5	WHY YOU NO PUT ADEQUATE VENTILATION IN BATHROOM WITH TOILET!??!?!?Seriously? It seems like every hotel on the strip doesn't have a fan in the bathroom to suck out the smell of shit. If you are in Vegas with a bunch of dudes for a few days, somebody is bound to take a shit soon.Besides that, I have the Venetian 5 big ones because of the following: beautiful decor, comfortable beds, and every room is a SUITE!!! That last one is crucial. I love having a small living room area where the guys can socialize, drink and be merry. There's also a pull out sofa bed so everybody is comfortable. This place is definitely one of my go-to places in vegas!
5	The best hotel in vegas.I made love in the gondola. jk.
4	Nice hotel. Good location. All the suites are spacious and clean.
3	I was not particularly impressed with this hotel.  While all the rooms are suites, the views aren't fantastic.  There is one side that overlooks a lighted outdoor pool area, but my view was of concrete and garage.  Not so pretty.Also, I was constantly subjected to the soundtrack to Phantom of the Opera.  While I'm not a Weber fan, I can deal with small doses.  What I cannot deal with is the soundtrack for anything playing on an infinite loop.  In my 5 day stay there, I heard every song FAR TOO MANY TIMES.  Even if it had been broken up with songs from other performances happening in the hotel, I could have dealt with it, but even the Weber fans in our group found it to be a bit much.Also, in the room, there were three television sets (sitting area, across from the bed and in the bathroom), but absolutely no functional drawers.  I would have happily traded any one of the televisions for functional drawers.  Instead, they provided weird enclosed shelving and a closet.  How very strange.For the cost of the rooms, I found the place to be lacking.  If it had been coming out of my pocket, I would be a lot more unhappy with the overall experience, but even with my company paying for it, I wasn't particularly impressed.  While the suites are nice, I found it was actually too big.  Who goes to Vegas to spend time in their hotel room, anyway?  When I wasn't working, I was exploring the Strip.  I really only slept and changed in my room, and who needs a suite for that?
4	Great hotel. Definitely top five in Vegas. Great places to eat and shop (if you don't mind spending a small fortune). Pretty decent location, there are a lot of things on the strip that are walking distance. PH, Bellagio, Paris, Aria, Cosmopolitan area is more convenient for walking.I like that it's not part of MGM or Harrahs/Ceasars (whatever they're calling it now). I think most of the strip casinos were better before MGM or Harrahs got their hands on them.
4	I thought the Venetian was very elegant and classy, beautiful decor and everything, its just that by the time I visited I was all Italian-themed-casinoed-out (Caesar's, Bellagio, Palazzo (though I know its the same as the Venetian)).  I understand the subtle differences between all of the themes, so I won't ding them for that, 4 stars.
4	We've stayed at the Venetian seven times now, everytime, our room is clean, the staff is nice, everything is great. I especially like that you get a suite for the price everyone else charges for a room. I will continue to stay here.Here is why they have 4 stars:1. again, 7 times. I get no special treatment like this time when the desk guy SAID they were slow so they wanted money for a room with a view.... why? I've never heard that before. Usually it's the reverse2. no coffee maker in the room, coffee is hugely expensive everywhere on site3. No fridge or microwave in the room- makes taking your spendy leftovers back to your room for those 2am drunkie munchies impossible4. the checkout line is ridiculous. fix it.5. no late check out the last TWO times. I'm not asking for an extra day here people, just an extra hour to get my hungover a$$ out the door. For my $800 i think you can accomplish that!
5	I have to talk up The Venetian - they really a truly fabulous.I got married here at the waterfall between The Venetian and the Palazzo and had such a great experience. We bought the Waterfall Serenity package with no regrets. We had a really great wedding planner named Caroline. That woman is amazing. Seriously, how she deals with all us brides is beyond me. She was so nice, and took care of everything. I'm from North Dakota, so having someone deal with everything so I just had to be there was so much less stressful. We had this really awesome accordion player who was so sweet, and made me laugh before the wedding when my nerves were fried. Our minister was also so nice, and funny as well! The whole thing was magical. Exactly how you would want your wedding to be. Then we stayed in the Prima Suite which was beyond our wildest fantasies. It had a huge living room and bar area which was perfect for the short wedding reception that we had after the ceremony, and a huge bedroom with lots of closet space. We had a dual-headed shower and a giant whirpool tub. My husband practically had to drag me home or I would have stayed there forever. The one time they did mess up our keys, they ended up giving us a nice discount off the resort fees for our trouble which was really nice. I would definitely stay here again!
5	This was my first time in Vegas and we booked a 1,980 sq ft room for a bachelor party weekend. The room was phenomenal and the staff was extremely helpful especially at 3am with food. Pretty key IMO. For those of you who are ultra wealthy and maybe a little older I found the refinements quite satisfactory and the ambiance engaging.
4	The Venetian is a great place to stay in Vegas. It's classically elegant and beautiful and all the rooms are suites. I've stayed here on a number of occasions and there are a lot of great perks to this hotel. The rooms are very spacious and the beds are very comfortable. There's a lot to appreciate as you're walking around and admiring the scenery. Although The Venetian is nice, I actually like their sister property, The Palazzo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-palazzo-las-vegas), a little better. It's more sleek and modern in decor and easier to navigate through. They are connected so you can easily walk through the shops to get to either one. The shops at the Venetian is like an alleyway through Italy. There's a gondola ride you can take through the canal, I've never done it before, but I'm sure it would be a lovely experience. There is also a food court located near the shops, upstairs from the casino, that has cheap, quick food such as Panda Express that you can eat at if you don't want to spend a lot of money or want to get something to eat fast. My two favorite restaurants in The Venetian are The Grand Lux & Noodle Asia. Both have great food and I believe they are open 24 hours a day.All in all, this is a nice luxury hotel and it is centrally located along the Vegas strip. Tao is also the main nightclub that they have, but I haven't gone there in years. Just because there are better, newer clubs in Vegas nowadays.
4	Don't make it out to Vegas very often, but stayed here for the first time recently for a Bachelor Party.  When we arrived, the signs for Valet parking pointed us to...nowhere close to where you need to go for Valet.  Once we got the cars parked it was a pretty positive experience.  The suite was huge and clean and didn't have that Vegas-y smell that some hotels can have.  On the departure date, the baggage check in line was freaking long, but the baggage dudes were surprisingly efficient and we ended up waiting only about 5 minutes.  Last time I stayed at the Palazzo, it took almost an hour for the baggage and my car to be retrieved.  Here, it took less than 10 minutes and we were off!  I'd definitely stay here again.
5	I love the Venetian and I love the Palazzo.  These are my favorite resort casinos to stay in.  If you want the old fashion Italian Venice feel, stay at the Venetian.  Their rooms have a much more old fashion Italian appeal to it.  The Palazzo is much more modern.  But both hotels have huge rooms!  If you get a double occupancy room, you can accomodate up to 7-8 people comfortably.  Every room is a resort suite.  Most of the rooms I have stayed in have amazing views from their super huge windows.Room service can take forever though, but then again I've only ordered super late like at 3am after I've come home from the nightlife on the strip.  The casino in this hotel has all the newest slot machines with a good range of denominations.  And of course my favorite macaron bakery Bouchon is here, as well as one of my favorite cafes; Grand lux.If you have a group of people, stay here.  Even if it's just you and your significant other, stay here.  Best place to sleep on the strip.  Your room is even big enough to preparty!One thumbs down is due to the toiletries in the bathroom.  They all stink!  Pack your own!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (52/365).
5	gorgeous hotel with unparalled customer service.wish it was a bit closer to the center of the strip, but no complaints otherwise.will be returning. the suites are amazing!
5	In my opinion, this is the most beautiful of all the Vegas casino floors (and ceilings).  Followed closely by Caesar's, Bellagio's and Wynn's.  Just really incredibly gorgeous.
4	Book a room here for a night and they will give you a free pass to Lavo nightclub. The king bedroom suite was really nice and we got a view of the swimming pool. I like that we received free amenities like a nail filer, hairband, and q-tips. Lol I needed all of those bc I didn't pack any. Would I come here again? Nawww I think the Elara Hilton hotel which used to be PH westgate towers is more of my style and is way more worthy for my pocket.
4	Gorgeous fun and full of energy, The Venetian was worth every penny I spent there. The pool deck is bigger than anyone could imagine and just breathtaking. I could spend hours writing this so I'm gonna stop, because a) I don't want to spend hours writing this, b) I don't have hours to write this, and c) other reasons too private and time consuming to list here.  I'm going back in a few months. I won't stay anywhere else. There's no need to. The Venetian has it all.
5	We booked the Rialto suite for our group of 4 and it was enormous. At 1,100 square feet, there were plenty of space to run around acting belligerent after a few greygoose shots. The room had two full queen beds, an L shape sofa bed, three flat screen TV's, and just a lot of space! The service again was excellent and I can not complain. I like how all the Rialto suites are in the front entrance to all the other suites after coming out of the elevator. I just wish with so much space, they could had provide the rooms with bigger flat screens.
4	This has been a fantastic experience for me.  Gorgeous interior design wonderful rooms clean, effiient, and classy!Loved their amenities and shopping area.  Customer service was quick to respond with requests.  (e.g. I needed extra towels)  easy to locate and Its located right in the middle of the strip!The only thing I didn't enjoy was the view... I got into one of the lower levels or out back and I had a crappy view but other than that nothing else.  Guess that was just my bad luck... will definitely visit again!
5	Great Hotel !!! Never stayed there before but like to go there for drinks and dinner.......... sister hotel of pallazo great Hotels !!!
3	Beautiful hotel - great to see but not to stay. Terrible layout and outdated rooms make it a great property to visit and see vs. stay. ROOMSThe hotel remains the most classically elegant in Vegas with incredible ceiling frescoes, but the rooms are showing their age. Main dislike is the suite tower layout, which is confounding labyrinthine and quite easy to get lost in. Suites are very spacious and well laid-out. Had a room facing the inner courtyard and pool, which was nice and quiet. Didn't care for the bathroom toiletries at al.SERVICERoom service is spotty - was flawless on day 1 but then arrived 30-minutes late the following morning, not really acceptable.DININGDelmonico is one of my favorite steakhouses in Vegas.Bouchon (Thomas Keller) features fantastic brunch offerings and also good for dinner. Bouchon Bakery has amazing pastries.Noodle Asia offers casual, surprisingly authentic Chinese cuisine.Espressamente Illy - love Illy! Espresso affogato is divine.SHOPPINGLove the shops at Palazzo - DVF, Barneys, Chloe. A calmer experience than Fashion Show Mall and Miracle Mile Shops.
5	One of my all time fav hotels! The Italian replicas of the buildings and the sky are very impressive and beautiful. It does a great job making you feel like you are actually in Venice. Great restaurants, great shopping, the celebrity wax museum is an absolute must :)
4	I would probably give this 5 stars, but they neglected to consistently clean our room during the stay. The hotel and suite we stayed in were both very luxurious. Spacious, and rooms equipped with a lot of extras. Bathroom was double vanity and included a small flat screen TV to enjoy in shower and brushing teeth!I won money ($128 to be exact) during our stay (on Texas Hold'em machines). I don't think this has ever happened to me during all my Vegas trips.Food options are great. We rented a cabana by the pool one of the days, which was definitely worth it if you plan on spending a day by the pool. Gives you your own space, and AC'd space to escape the heat for a few moments. You get your own waitress, and food prices are the same as room service.Only downside was they skipped cleaning our room multiple days. This was a pain, and we were not even in our room very much.
5	LOVE IT.. LOVE IT... LOVE IT!!!!!.... we had the best of views, the service was great... really nothing to complain about.. well maybe on thing (I lost $300 here but that was probably my fault) ;) ... I had a great experience in this hotel
4	We stayed at the Palazzo next door but had great fun wandering through the shops and marveling at the murals and canals. There were a couple of pigeons inside - part of the decor, or were they disoriented by the clouds on the ceiling??
5	I remember very little of this trip. Yet I know the hotel beds were nice and the pool was great. Don't take your drink into the middle of the pool, for some reason its designated the no fun zone and the lifeguards will whistle at you incessantly.
5	If u decide to stay on the strip, there is no better place!  Great for couples too!  Poker room best in Vegas, although aria is close, but Venetian is huge and lots of great service.  Love the restaurants too. Best steak in Vegas is at Delmonicos!  Keep up the great work Venetian.
4	This is a reviewing just for visiting!LOVE the place, GORGEOUS to visit & VERY IMPRESSIVE!But, if I have to stay @ the Venetian, I'll go crazy!  Too crowded, too busy, too smoky!
4	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas, the hotel itself is extremely luxurious. If you can find the rooms here on sale, go ahead and book, otherwise the price can be pretty steep especially during special events. The service is also impeccable and if you ever need towels or any kind of amenities in your room you can expect to have it within minutes. The bathroom is huge, and the rooms are spacious. Three TVs including one in the bathroom is somewhat of an overkill but again hard to deduct any points for that. The only real downside is the price markup compare to some of the second tier hotels.
5	This was my favorite Place on the strip. A nice chance. Plus a calming feeling in a city of constant noise and chaos. Even in the crowd, I felt I had my own experience here. Great place to shop, eat, visit, or play! Check it out.
5	By far the best hotel I have ever stayed at on the Strip!  It's the most luxuriously classic hotel with tons of restaurants, quick bite eateries, attractions, and MUSIC!  Sadly, the Phantom of the Opera is ending in Sept. 2012 *SAD FACE* Definitely going to miss hearing the soundtrack blasting throughout the entire hotel.  Grand Lux Cafe for late night food FTW!!!  First Food & Bar (on Pallazzo side) has a photo booth!  Bouchon bakery is right by the elevator!Love that all of the rooms are suites.  Came for a birthday bash and got a Bella Suite (2 Queen Beds only) that was connected to another Bella Suite.  So convenient!  We had a great view of Palazzo and Tao Beach.  No mini fridge and our lock box was broken but not a huge deal.  Beds are SUPER comfortable and the pillows are fluffy.  The sofa bed is actually pretty comfortable as well.  Beats the one at Vdara.  Visuals are better than words (excuse the commentary...lol): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQcF-REnUG4&feature=youtu.beI miss you already.
3	The best day to come to Venetian is during weekdays...less crowded and you get to spend more time walking without bumping anyone as you walk.I love the Phantom of the Opera and been here 2x within the span of 5 yrs.  We like window shopping at the Canal. But overall, it does get tiring after sometime...if you've been here more than 5x in your lifetime, you will yearn for a different things to do/see.
2	May 30th 2012To Whom it may concern;ATT:HOTEL MANAGER After staying at the Venetian last March 27th  for my 36th wedding anniversary and having the most pitiful disgraceful room, as well as my wife cutting her foot open on the exposed carpet tacks on the stairs in the room, we moved out of this horrible room and was accommodated beautifully at the ENCORE, for less money in a suite of much higher standard. I was told at the Venetian that there were no suites available. However when I called into the reservation center, there was no shortage of rooms, just the rate was an issue. To say the least when I had to call to the front desk about our room for six hours until finally I gave in around midnight, my wife who wanted to just get out so we could have the few minutes left of our anniversary. Fortunately we were made very comfortable at the Encore, never to return to the Venetian after running my anniversary. After a couple of weeks we received a two day complimentary offer from the Palazzo Hotel in lieu of the horrible experience we had at the Venetian. I choose to take a chance and took up the offer from the Palazzo to spend my 60th birthday in May. To say the least the room was great the stay was as nice, until I was accosted from a very poorly trined security guard Mike at the entrance to the self parking garage.  I did not come to a complete stop at the garage entrance and he started raising his voice and being exceptionally rude. When I opened my window he asked me if I was blind and then flashed a high power flashlight in my eyes. I got out of my car and had several harsh words with this unprofessional and dangerous employee. I was refused assistance from the hotel staff at the scene when I called in. Only after I came into the hotel and went to a manager in the floor. He summoned a security manage, who introduced me to a very professional young man by the name of Matt. I filled out a hand written statement, and to date I have not had any apology or response to this assault from your poorly trained guard. A typical rent a cop attitude. The one thing that the Venetian and Palazzo has truly done is to make me a 100%  Wynn/Encore client. Sincerely
4	I love this place. Its a beautiful place to stay. The casino is aton of fun, and whenever you need help with a slot machine or any game, there is always someone nearby to give you a hand. My only complaint was there atm machines. Other than that it was a good experience.
5	LUXURIOUS suites!!!if you're lucky, you can have two rooms joint together for your group!!!!!One surprise was the L shaped couch actually has a pull out BED! Though the person sleeping on the bed said the sleeping on the couch was much more comfy than the bed. Lol. The rooms are located right next to grand lux cafe and the bouchon bakery ( my love), so it is really hard not to find the elevator access to the rooms! ( unless you are very very drunk...., then again that's common since it is in VEGAS)
4	Been here twice now. Excellent service each time.Also this is a great hotel for a convention sincethat is what I came for. Very spacious conventionarea. The room I had was very luxurious and veryrelaxing after a day of training, schmoozing, andcocktails. It's the type of room you can alwayscompletely relax in - so much space. Can't reallycomment on the price as I wasn't paying - but abig thank you to my employer for footing the bill.Would definitely do it all over again. Love the whole Venice theme. I like the casino here and therestaurants as well. This is also just the rightpart of the Strip to be in. Viva Las Vegas!
5	We had a great time staying at the Venetian. The rooms were beautifully designed. Very spacious. They have an excellent gym/health facility, and their fine dining restaurant. Be sure to visit the Bouchon bakery to try their specialty drink and baked goods. I can't wait to come back
4	Loved it!  The room was large and had a step down living area.  There were two flat screens in the living and bedroom areas and one in the bathroom.  The bathroom was very large and had a separate tub and shower.  The one con was that there was a fridge, BUT it was full of pre-stocked items so you could not fit even one thing in there.  The casino was nice and the paintings on the ceilings were gorgeous.  My favorite part of the hotel...There was one pool that the entire pool was 1.5 feet deep, my kids were SO happy!  The Grand Lux Cafe and Tao were both excellent places to eat.
4	Despite the Hotel was very massive and confusing to check in the Rooms were awesome and the shows and shopping center was very nice.  I wasn't a big fan of the resort fee that caught me by surprise but overall I would recommend this hotel if you are a fan of very nice rooms.
3	While the Venetian has some of the best rooms around (suites with sunken living rooms), it is enormous in size.  Easy to get lost getting to your own room.  Also, the lack of coffee makers in the rooms serves to be a problem when you need a cup first thing, and your room is in the farthest-away  tower from the casino.   The fact that I needed to get up, walk all the way to the elevator (long walk), then go downstairs to another hall, then to the lobby, across the lobby and then through the casino and up the escalator stairs to the shopping area to get a cup of coffee was frustrating to say the least.  I did not want to wait for room service or spend $22 for a pot of java just to get a single cup.  I did attempt this one morning and put the breakfast card out on the door the night before (early), only to find out it never got picked up.My friends staying at Paris had the coffee makers.
5	The Venetian is the epitome of luxurious Vegas hotels. I was lucky that The Venetian was selected as my hotel after booking a 5 star hotel on Hotwire. This was for my birthday weekend, and they offered to upgrade my luxury suite to the hospitality suite for a low additional cost. Our suite was twice the size of a luxury suite with a bar and double door entrance to a beautiful bathroom. My experience here definitely made my birthday weekend simply amazing! Service is always superb and staff was very friendly and attentive. I always recommend rooming here, especially if it's for a special occasion or if you just want to splurge for the luxurious experience.Great location towards the North end of the Strip. Close to all my favorite places so cab fare is never a killjoy.And of course, one of the best things about The Venetian is that Grand Lux Cafe is downstairs and open 24 hours!
4	Just got home from a three night stay. I've walked through The Venetian numerous times but have never stayed there until now. I usually stay at MGM properties.First off, out of all of the hotels, I found this one to be the most confusing when it comes to getting around. Even on our way out we were still questioning ourselves on where we were going. Our room was great. It was comped, so we opted out of the extra $50/night for a strip view, but still got a decent view of the mountains. We've been to vegas enough to know what the strip view is like.The only cons I found in the room were as mentioned in other reviews, the mini fridge was only for the mini bar on sensors and there's no coffee maker, but I get it, you want us to either come down from our room and get a regular coffee at a latte price at one of the cafes or order room service.I loved the layout of the room and the bathroom was my favorite place.  The decor had touches of Italian with modern accents.  The drapes can be controlled with a remote so that was great too.  The BF and I enjoyed our room so much that we barely even left.  We watched the NBA finals from our comfy bed and ordered food and ate in the living room area.  It was a great little home away from home.We also visited the pool area.  We weren't able to go to TAO because his ID is expired, but it didn't really matter to me. The pool area was clean and the girl serving drinks was a sweetheart.Service was great throughout our stay.  I would definitely stay here again, especially if its free again :D
4	I'm in a luxury suite .....its awesome!  Every detail of this room is beautiful.  Comfy bed, great spacious restroom...quiet and no lingering smell of smoke.  Room service is prompt and friendly.I went to the pool...its crowded but hey, its a holiday weekend.  Food here is wonderful.  The place is in a great central location, too.I've stayed in Vegas many times, but nothing compares to the Venetian. ***Please note, DO NOT use the limo bus to the airport when you leave.  I took away a star because never in my life have I ever experienced such a rude, obnoxious driver.  We all paid our fare of $7 to get a ride to the airport.  He mis-counted his money, and made us sit there until we were late to the airport, many people missed their flights, trying to force us all to cough up another $7!  I asked for a refund so I could grab a cab and I called the Manager of guest services over to the bus.  After a quick talk, we got going and the driver said to me, "there princess.  Are you happy we are leaving now?"****RUDE.
4	I wish I could give this 3.5 stars. Obviously, a hotel like the Venetian is amazing and grand. There are endless restaurants, clubs/bars, shops and places to explore inside the hotel. The Blue Man Group is an outrageous show that keeps your heart rate up and can be fun for all ages. The beds swallow you and the blinds keep it dark, so you can really let go of the concept of time. Robes to wear around and 3 TVs in the room, leaves little to complain about. The only cons would be the over played "Phantom of the Opera" soundtrack every time we took the elevator anywhere, the overly sensitive mini bar (we got charged $9 for something we must have moved just by looking), the slow service at the Riva, and the lack of food network and bravo channels. They have a ton of sports, news and channels in other languages, but considering all the food network chefs they showcase throughout the hotel, I was shocked to not be able to veg out in the hotel room with some Giada, Paula and Bobby!
2	First, the hotel is beautiful! The room was huge, so was the bathroom. If you want a large room this is the place. The shopping area is great and if you choose to go for a gondola  ride ask for Caj.The reason for the rating is all the issues we had.  Our reservation was wrong and they made no effort to correct it.  You have an extended walk through the casino from the front desk. We had an infant with us and this was undesirable. The smell of smoke is overwhelming on the first floor and anywhere the first floor opens to the second floor.  (they need better venhilation) thy took our bags, including the diaper bag, and said we'd get them back in 5-10 minutes. 45 minutes and 3phone calls later, the luggage arrived. We had baby furniture delivered by a local company. It took over an hour for that to be delivered to the room. I tried to request it on my way to the room and was told I had to call from my room phone. So I called from the room phone and the furniture was delayed because they wrote the room number down wrong.  The final straw was a hotel staffer delivering a fridge entering our room at 10:40 pm with a slight knock and no delay. He was in the room before I even got out of the bed. The front desk argued with me on each iss so we checked out and went to the Paris.
4	I stayed at the Venetian for the first time last week during EDC weekend.  We requested for conjoining suites (we were in a group of 10) and they were only able to offer us rooms at the Venzia tower.  It was a little inconvenient because we had to take 2 elevators to get to our suites, but the actual rooms were really nice and spacious. (as well as the bathrooms, which were also stocked with plenty of towels and toiletries)  The beds were comfortable to the point where it was hard to get out of bed in the mornings!  There's also free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.The hotel itself is in a great location on the strip and is the home of Tao and Tao Beach clubs. There are plenty of restaurants you can choose from downstairs.  It's also conjoined with the Palazzo, which is the home of Lavo restaurant and nightclub.The service was on point from every aspect -- from the front desk, concierge, housekeeping, and room service.  They were very accomodating and friendly throughout our whole stay.Overall, I had a good stay at the Venetian, and will definitely consider coming back here again during my next trip to Vegas.
5	Just got back. My husband took me for my birthday. It was a surprise. The greatest surprise ever. We drove up. The hotel is amazing. He got a suite. The suite was beautiful. The bed was comfortable. I dont get great sleep but the two nights we were there, it was pretty good sleep. The pillows were really comfortable. The lotion they have in the rooms smell great. The carmel apples were pricey and unfortunately it melted on my way home but Im sure it would have been good. My husband loved the gelato. I highly recommend this place.
1	Stayed here for my bachelorette and it was TERRIBLE. I purchased 3 Bella Suites for my friends and me and the Venetian reservations specialists erroneously charged me twice. As any bride or maid of honor can attest, it's incredibly difficult to organize and collect payment from multiple people for a group stay. The Venetian did not make it any easier; in fact, their latent charges, poor communication, and failure to compensate me for their error, turned a hassle into a nightmare. I even tried to talk through the charges with Venetian's Guest Services rep, Beverly Borromeo, but she declined to help and knowingly left me dissatisfied and disgruntled.If you're going to Vegas, especially for a group party- bachelor, bachelorette, birthday, etc.- I do not recommend the Venetian/Palazzo group hotels. Go somewhere that will appreciate your business and endeavor to make your stay as easy as possible; I suggest the Cosmopolitan.
4	What a beautiful hotel!  The moment you step inside, you can feel like you are in Italy.  The casino looks clean and up to date.  The Bouchon Bakery was wonderful.  Definitely worth checking out if in Vegas.  Their macarons are the best I have ever had.  People were nice and friendly.  This place is on my list for the next stay in Vegas along with Paris and Caesars Palace.
5	Wonderful resort! My buddy and I went last week for my birthday and it was such a great experience. The place was very clean and had a great set of lighting as well as wonderful rooms. We had a sunk in living room next to the bedrooms Nd we were able to enjoy the wifi and tv at all areas of the room. The weighted mini bar was interesting as well but I am told that is the norm to cut back on people stealing from a room and refilling with cheaper items. Great staff, Amazing shows, wonderful food and an experience everyone should have.
5	Stunning. One of the very best hotels I have ever been in. The suites are massive, the king sized bed comfortable and the bathroom is just stupendous. I found the staff friendly and helpful. I got a free upgrade to a Strip view room and a completely hassle free checkin. The wifi is paid but it's part of the resort fee and it is very fast and very stable. Love the voucher book and savings coupons a checkin - especially the one that saves me money at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Great eateries, excellent shops and a gorgeous set up. Love this place and will be back here in an instant!!
2	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) HUGE2) Decent decor and luxurious ambience (fountains, gold, chandeliers, big arse mirrors, masquerades)3) LOTS of food choices4) Casino is downstairs5) VERY courteous staff (you can call the concierge to call you pick up and drop off cab service, which was a nightmare had I done it by myself during EDC 2012) They also get you great ratesCons:1) IMPOSSIBLE to navigate...it's so large you can't find anything until you spend at least 2 days wandering around inside. Neither is the layout of the place intuitive2) I expected more...most of the decorations, accommodations and service could be found at any other hotel 3) Rooms aren't as grand as I had hoped...Seemed like a Hilton4) Seemed TACKY overall (Everything bigger, mall-feel, and tons of subpar restaurants)
5	I've stayed at ALL hotels on the strip. Even when Stardust and Frontier was around. I've encountered the atmosphere, the check-in lines, the restaurants, the pools, and the nightclubs of these hotels. HANDS DOWN, Venetian & Palazzo has the best to offer in luxury. Yes, there are clubs better than TAO, and better restaurants than the Grand Lux, but those hotels with don't have great service or great decor or rooms as the Venetian. It's like some hotels focus on one great trait (day club, night club, room accommodations), but the Venetian has it all across the board. Tables are loose, Rooms are suite, family side of pool and adult side. Cosmo is catching up though...but yeah The Venetian is definitely tight butthole
4	Got pretty lucky when my Mother In Law was comp'd for a 3 night stay in a suite here at the Venetian :) ~ The suite we had was not only spacious, but very luxurious and comfortable...although we didn't spend much time inside it!We did have their standard suite, but was great enough! A very nice sitting area, complete with a big comfy couch to relax on. Just sunk right into the bed at the end of the day. Lots of closet room and dresser space, and the bathroom was amazing! Wonderful shower and a very large soaking tub. Kind of wished I had a chance to check out that tub! ;p ~The guest serves were excellent and a late night stroll around the Palazo was magnificent! The hotel itself is amazingly designed and makes you feel like royalty. The pools and hot tub were worth the time out from a day exploring just to relax and take in the gardens surrounding them. Just wear sandels, the concrete is HOT!!The restaurants at the Venetian sounded very enticing, although we never did eat here. We did manage to sneak in a Gondola ride! Cheesy yes. Touristy...you bet!! But worth every minute!! And their voices are amazing!Was very happy that we stayed. Absolutely loved this hotel, and when I return to Vegas, will be looking into staying again!
4	This is my hotel of choice on the strip.  I really like the layout.  There are enough restaurants to have enough variety in dining during my traditional 2-3 night stays.  Rooms are spacious and clean.  My only gripe has to do with self-parking.  If you are a guest to the hotel and want to self park, the check-in area is not very convenient as you have to walk through the casino to check-in, then walk back through the casino to get to the elevators for the rooms.  If you valet park, then you won't run into this issue, but I like to save a few bucks and park myself.  However, the Palazzo doesn't have this problem at all.  The parking garage elevator brings you right into the check-in area.  You can also access the Palazzo parking garage from Spring Mtn Rd (exit off the 15 frwy) and avoid driving on the strip.  Palazzo and Venetian are connected and accomodations are very similar.  As I like to self-park and avoid driving on the strip, I'll probably be staying at the Palazzo.
5	Really pretty theme casino.  Excellent food in the cafes & great shopping.
5	One of my most favorite places in the world is Venice. So of course, the Venetian Casino is one of my all time favorite places to be at here in Vegas! I just spent the last two hours roaming the canal shoppes, and savoring the wonderful food. All the thrills of Venice, "without the smell & flocking birds"!
5	Stunning. One of the very best hotels I have ever been in. The suites are massive, the king sized bed comfortable and the bathroom is just stupendous. I found the staff friendly and helpful. I got a free upgrade to a Strip view room and a completely hassle free checkin. The wifi is paid but it's part of the resort fee and it is very fast and very stable. Love the voucher book and savings coupons a checkin - especially the one that saves me money at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Great eateries, excellent shops and a gorgeous set up. Love this place and will be back here in an instant!!
4	I love that it's connected to the Palazzo because you have two beautiful hotels connected to each other. It's very classy and I just love the gondola and the shops inside the hotels. I felt so glamourous walking through the hotels and seeing all the fancy restaurants.We were here for a bachelor party (yes, there were three girls present)... the boys had a few suites and the girls stayed at the T.I. across the street cause we're poor.Anyway, the suites weren't as glamourous as I had envisioned them to be, to be honest. They seemed really old fashioned and not as nice as I had expected... I've seen some of the suites at the Caesar's Palace (which is older) and they were nicer than the Venetian suites...But overall, I wouldn't mind staying here at all if I could afford it! It's definitely a great restaurant to shop/dine at and even gamble at too if you're game.
4	Beautiful hotel, with spacious rooms. Very clean and has an awesome Casino. As far as the hotel goes I give it 5 stars. I give it 4 stars however because house keeping is a little slow and if you have your do not disturb sign out at 9 am than they will not clean your room at all unless you call them. I also got hustled by a time share sales rep in that hotel so that left a bad taste in my mouth. If it wasn't for those 2 situations I give it 5 stars easily. I would recommend.
5	Great hotel with amazing hospitality service. Loved the stay. Loved the casino. Loved phentom of the opera! Can't wait to go back. P.S Tao was excellent!!!!!
5	As I was using the ladies restroom in the main floor, I felt like dancing. I'mmm sure you can see the visual...
1	My stay was good at the hotel, but when I checked out my bag went missing.  I checked it in with the luggage services while we ate breakfast in one of the hotel's restaurants. We had our bags loaded into the car and took off. My bag was never put in the car.  The hotel was very difficult to communicate with about my missing luggage.  One month after I filed the claim on the bag, it miraculously reappeared.  They asked me to pay for it to be shipped to me, and upon its return I found that all my things had been rummaged through and some of my things were missing(anything with significant value).  I feel like my privacy was totally violated, and I threw out somethings because I was leery of contamination.  I have no proof that my bag was stolen, but REALLY?!
4	The suite we stayed in was awesome, but I felt like I was walking through a maze every time I tried to get back. Other than this little game we had to play every day - until our last night, when we finally got the hang of the place - everything with our room was great. It was incredibly spacious, with two large beds and a lower, separate living room area.The bed in our room was the best I have EVER slept on, omgah. Even with little sleep the week before our arrival, and 5 hours of sleep a night while in Vegas, I still felt super refreshed every morning. Didn't get a chance to try out Bouchon, but I'll definitely look into it next time! Oh, and FYI they didn't allow a late checkout for us so I would try and actually get sleep the night before checkout, esp. if you have a long drive back. Four stars!
4	Gorgeous hotel...Fabulous shopping center... the art decor ceilings.... the gandolas.... club Tao... Madamn Tussauds... Equals a really good time! The casino was alright too, but $13 bucks for a margarita is a little steep and it wasn't even that good! If its your first time in Vegas I do recommend checking this place out! K.J.
4	3.5 stars.It's a nice hotel, the casino area is pretty and fancy, and if you've never been here, definitely walk through to get a semi-luxurious feel for the place.So, why 3.5 stars? Well, I've not a big fan of fake blue skies, and the shoppe at the Venetian feels a little crowded and a little bit cheesy/unrealistic to me. This is probably from the slightly narrow walkways thronged with people, and the canal.I like walking through it, but the prices here are also high.
5	I absolutely love this hotel and casino. I've stayed at the Venetian or the Palazzo for almost all my Vegas visits the past 3 years or so, mainly because my siblings get specials for being frequent guests. Customer service is always top notch when checking in, and the rooms are very nice and comfortable. The hotel and casino itself is located roughly a bit past the halfway mark of the Vegas Strip, so it's a breeze being able to go to the other nearby casinos, such as the Treasure Island, Mirage, and Caesar's Palace. The food choices are also really cool. You have formal dine-in restaurants, as well as two food courts for when you're just looking for a quick bite. Make sure to check out the Grand Lux Cafe, grab a drink at the Sin City Brewing Co., and relax with a nice brew poolside!
4	We stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon, and it was truly fantastic.  I am reserving a five star for the update!My husband and I had never been to Vegas before and decided to go here for part of our honeymoon.  The Venetian was one of a few of the hotels suggested to us by our travel agent.  After asking around family and friends we decided to stay at the Venetian and it was one of the best decisions we made. When we arrived the check in was quick and efficient, though I felt like the front desk staff acted as though we were looking for freebies when we mentioned that we were here celebrating our honeymoon (even though they asked our reason for visiting).  At that point I was less than pleased.  I know that Vegas is a big place for quicky marriages, but we weren't looking for anything just sharing our experience. Once we were done with check in things started looking up.  The hotel and casino are visually stunning and a pleasure to walk through.  I don't know if it is just that we were in a desirable location, but I didn't find the hotel or casino too difficult to navigate as is mentioned in other reviews.  Yes it was big and took a bit of walking to get around, but it was fun. As we were walking to the elevators we passed by the Grand Lux Cafe (which every staff member mentioned a million times, but is a good option if you don't feel like going out) and then we reached the Bouchon Bakery Kiosk.  I was in heaven!  First order of business order macarons. Then the hotel room...Stunning.  We had a room on the 33 floor that overlooked a golf course and though it was not a strip view it proved to be even better on the fourth of July when we were able to watch 18 firework shows at once from the privacy of our room. The bathroom was spacious and though we didn't take advantage of the tub, the shower was very nice with good water pressure. The bed was wonderful and very comfortable for a hotel bed.  I have said it many times while staying here and afterwards that when we return to Vegas we will definitely stay at the Venetian.
2	(I personally tend to ignore Yelp reviews that are excessively swayed by one abnormal instance, but in this case, I'm WARNING potential guests about our experience.)I've stayed at the Venetian multiple times over the past several years, and generally, it's been a reliable experience. Rooms are spacious, amenities are comfortable, the pool is relaxing, and the casino is exactly what you'd expect from one of the nicer resorts.*HOWEVER, during my most recent stay there, a few weeks ago, I was pretty shocked to realize that four iPads among my seven guests were stolen from our room one night.  Someone managed to get into our room during the few hours it was empty, dug through backpacks and luggage to steal four iPads (even leaving the empty iPad sleeves). We've met and been in touch with Venetian security, and although we've given them time and patience, they haven't been much help. Maybe they aren't taking us seriously (it is Vegas, after all), or maybe they truly are just that busy to attend to a loyal customer. Even if I give them the benefit of the doubt, I URGE guests to lock up their valuables while staying at the Venetian. Or, you could just save yourself the worry, and try some of Vegas' other options.Feel free to message me if you want more input.
5	Beautiful hotel! The best in Vegas (from what I have stayed in). The rooms make you feel like royalty. And the location is perfect. The venetian has all the best restaurants, bars, shops, EVERYTHING. I could probably just come to Vegas and spend a whole weekend just at the Venetian. The rooms are a bit expensive, but trust me, they won't disappoint. The pool is also very nice.
4	I have stayed in a lot of the hotels on the Strip over the years and the Venetian stacks up pretty well against the others. Comfy beds, nice amenities, and a pretty central location on the strip makes it a good choice. I used the concierge service to get safety pins (fashion emergency) and they were a little slow but still were fairly on time. My one complaint about the room would be its size--I expected it to be a little bigger. It felt cramped with all the oversized furniture in the room. The pool is nice, but definitely could use a shot of chlorine--it was pretty cloudy, especially around the edges. The people working the pool area from the cocktails to to the towel people are on pointe--they are constantly roaming around, asking people what they need and picking things up. One of the cleaner pool areas I've visited in Vegas. I was here on a fluke but I liked it and would recommend it to out of towners!
5	The Venetian is one of the original 5 star hotels in Vegas.  While a decent premium over the regular hotels, the luxury, comfort, and class of the Venetian is well worth the price of admission.  Each of their standard rooms is about 75% larger than most other rooms on the Strip, and maybe even twice the size if you include how large the bathrooms are!When one walks through the Venetian Hotel, you won't smell smoke wafting through the casino air, nor will you see drunken youths meandering around the premises (at least, not for too long).  The Venetian staff is very professional, and every time I've asked for directions or questions about the hotel, they've been able to provide accurate and simple answers.  While I am not a gambler, the tables @ Venetian are well-designed & make you want to dress up just to gamble. The best one can do is look classy while losing money :PThe hotel rooms are great for group trips to Vegas as they can EASILY fit 6-10 people (depending on one's girth, though people will have to sleep on the floor).  Futhermore, the rooms are packed with an assortment of furniture bits that one can easily transform into sleeping device(s).  For example, this past weekend, I moved two ottomans side-by-side and formed a 3/4th bed for myself to sleep on. Yes, my feet were dangling or positioned upwards, but hey, it was comfortable and I didn't need a mattress! (I was also intoxicated....so that made it alot easier)  The bathrooms are probably the best part of the room as they have separate showers and a huge tub, dual sinks, a 20" LCD tv, and a separate bathroom stall (so people can stink up just that room, rather than the entire bathroom lol)As for shopping options, if you are a baller and have plenty of $$$ to blow through, the Venetian has a huge assortment of high-end establishments that a rich mofo could spend to their hearts contents.  An actual lagoon & Italian-inspired gondola allows you to take a romantic sojourn through the clear waters of the Venetian Hotel, which are undoubtedly cleaner and safer than that of actual waters in Italy.  Who needs Europe when you have Vegas?Pretty much, the Venetian is THE best place to stay and party in as the ample space allows for many more options than a standard Vegas room @ any other hotel (with the except of Wynn...which is a close 2nd)
4	Love this hotel, beautiful rooms and the customer service is top of the line. Excellent restaurants throughout the hotel and mall. I love staying here every time I visit Las Vegas. My only complaint is the pillows are really lumpy and when we called and asked for foam pillows they were almost as bad as the regular lumpy ones. I would have brought my own if it didn't take up so much suitcase space. Also something like $15 dollars a day for internet is insane considering internet cost me $15 a month at home. Worth the price, the rooms are huge and make you feel like a king while on vacation
4	I have visited the Venetian many times before but it was first time staying at the hotel. Very classy and you wouldn't think it was an old hotel. It has beautiful paintings and fountains everywhere. There were 5 of us girls here for a bachelorette we got a suite for a very good price. There were two queens bed and you step down to a living area with two nice couches, two tv's and a wonderful big bathroom. We had a clear glass shower, bathtub, and a seperate room for the toilet. For five girls get dressed up for every occasion the room definitely worked out.  There were plenty of mirrors in the room and we all fit perfectly. The room was clean and we when called for more towels, they came in about ten minutes.There are plenty of restaurants in the Venetian and its very elegant everywhere you go.The pool is awesome and they have the Tao beach club which is great for the youngsters.The only reason I didn't give five stars is because check out is at 11am, which is ridiculous in my book, especially in Vegas when we stay up all night. We got an extension till 12 but we had to ask personally at the front desk, we couldnt call.Great place to stay, wouldn't mind staying here again.
1	My disgust and hatred for the Venetian is due to the fact that they lost mine and my friend (fellow Yelper) Ingrid R's luggage the same day we arrived in Vegas for a girlfriend's bachelorette weekend.Yes, you read that right: THE VENETIAN LOST OUR LUGGAGE. THE INCIDENT: Sat 6/23/1211am: We gave 2 pieces of luggage to Jeremy, bellhop.215pm: We gave our claim ticket to Sean, bellhop, to pick up our bags.245pm: There was no word from anyone about our luggage nor did we see our bags as other guests' luggage were brought out.245-4pm: We asked Shahid, the Guest Services manager at the bellhop desk, about our bags. He found our claim ticket in the trash at the bell desk. He took us to the luggage storage areas to locate our bags, but they weren't there.4pm: Shahid offered us a hospitality suite as a temporary holding place to wait until security met with us to write up a report.4:30pm: Craig, security, wrote up a report and took an inventory of what was in each luggage. He also made phone calls to lost&found; housekeeping; and the front desk to see if our bags turned up, but no luck. He gave us a card for the Venetian's Claims Dept and told us to call them in 3 days if our bags weren't found.5:30pm: We called Shahid for an update: still no bags. We asked him what course of action would be taken given the fact that we were now without clothes, toiletries, and other items that had been in our luggage. He said he'd speak to the general manager, Alissa, and get back to us.5:15pm: Shahid called back and told us we were approved for a comp'd room and would be given $250 each for any purchases needed to get us through the weekend. Shahid told us they'd still search for our bags. He explained that our bags may have been mistakenly sent up to another guest's room but in the back of my mind I had a feeling our bags were given to a guest who was checking out of the Venetian.The way the Venetian handled the situation was infuriating. Yes we were given a complimentary room (big deal) and $250 each, but that was only because WE asked what the plan of action was after realizing our luggage was lost. There was no sense of urgency in making sure we were taken care of which made us feel as if our situation was not a priority. BTW, when Ingrid and I went to pick up our luggage, we had just left Tao Beach. We were only wearing swim attire and luckily had our wallets with us, but we lost everything else: shoes, makeup *$#!@, outfits, toiletries, and my valuable items: my camera, my grandma's vintage Louis Vuitton clutch, and my Kindle.  Yes I'm aware that I shouldn't have left my valuables in my luggage but it seemed safer to leave it in my locked luggage than bring it all with me to Tao Beach. So not only did we lose the items in our luggage, which were of both monetary and sentimental value, but we missed out on some bachelorette activities since we had to go to the mall to buy shoes, clothes, and basic underwear and to Walgreens to buy toiletries that the Venetian didn't offer, while dressed in our bathing suits.AFTERMATH:I wrote a letter to Alissa, the general manager, expressing my frustration over the situation. She replied 3 days later apologizing and informing me to contact her should we choose to stay at the Venetian in the future. Really?! Aside from going to the Canyon Ranch Spa, I have no desire to set foot in their hotel. I called their Claims Department, 3 days later, and spoke with Tony who informed me that due to an "Innkeepers Statute" under Nevada Law, the max payout for each of our lost luggage would be $750. Really?!?!?  I was livid. The Venetian is a damn casino raking in millions, if not billions, of dollars and the most they can pay out is $750?!  Freaking ridiculous!!!  What was the point in wasting our time in taking an inventory of our lost items if in the end all we were going to get was $750?!  Tony went on to tell me that they've exhausted all means in locating our luggage and that the search had stopped.  He emailed me a waiver form for me to sign (releasing the Venetian of any fault) so I could then receive my check.  My possessions are most likely long gone, but I still feel completely violated as if someone had physically snatched my belongings from me. What's even more disturbing is whoever has our bags hasn't made any attempt to contact us about our luggage, leading me to believe they managed to open the bags, take whatever they wanted, and ditch the rest of the items somewhere. So in the end I not only lost my possessions, but I also lost a bit of faith in humanity. Lastly, thanks to the Venetian, I've also developed anxiety over entrusting my possessions with anyone (ie other hotel bellhops; airport luggage check-ins; valet services; etc) so much so I will avoid using bellhops; I will carry on my luggage; and avoid using valet...and if that's not at all possible, I'm taking my valuables with me: LESSON LEARNED the hard way.
5	Sabeenie likee. A lot. I recently spent 2 days at this hotel during my wild romp in Las Vegas in honor of the market losing a fine young female specimen. This hotel is grand. In a very comfortable sort of way. It certainly fulfills the Italian gaudiness in all of us by way of decor and ambiance. It certainly is one of the cleaner and more refreshing hotels on the strip. I liked that I wasn't gasping for oxygen as I strolled around. Hospitality was superb. Every call/inquiry for anything was answered in a timely fashion. Every employee I encountered treated me with courtesy  and respect.The hotel is clean. Hallways are expansive. Elevators are spacious with enough mirrors for any wicked queen. I appreciated the safety precautions of guards requiring patrons to show room keys before gaining access to elevators up to their suite. This was the perfect choice for my wild romp in Vegas.
5	(Same review as Palazzo)Hotel was awesome.The room has 3 tvs and 3 beds.The rooms were very big about 600 Sq Ft average deluxe room.Venetian/Palazzo have been the nicest hotels I have stayed in.Great service,housekeeping,and rooms.Average rooms are over 210$ a night and that is very pricey for me,but other than that,this is the best hotel I have stayed in.
4	All I can say is wow. The Venetian is beautiful and upscale. Super clean. The ambiance is fabulous. Staff all very friendly. The room? The suite was spacious at over 700 sq ft with a sunken living area with a large sectional, huge down bed, remote control drapes, huge bathroom with glass shower and seperate tub, 3 tvs. The pools-all 11 were nice. The casino wasn't too large to the point you feel lost but as a result got really crowded especially on Friday night. Having the shopping at your fingertips and so many restaurants was nice. I love that Walgreens is connected outside which made it easy to stop in for cocktails at a much cheaper price and that brings me to why I didn't put 5 stars on this massive hotel resort. Everything is very expensive! $7 bottled beers and $12 frozen drinks in a small cup? made poolside very expensive for us. I never got the feel that I was lost getting around though I also felt like there were parts I probably missed. I would have liked more specific info on the resort in the room including the pool parties, etc.
4	Nice place................Yes.Fun place to stay.....Yes.Pricey.........................Big Yes.Worth it?....................Yeah.Location.....................Decent.Hard to find way around....Hell Yes.Wifi..............................Not so good.Stay Again..................Maybe, depending on the deal.
3	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Venetian for three nights on July 20-23, 2012. Visually its a beautiful hotel of course with tons of shops and restaurants in side to  spend money on...but lets just bottom line things...Pros:  big big rooms if you need them...650-700 square feet for the regular rooms.  We didn't really use all of the space but its nice to have if  you need it.  Extremely comfortable beds!!! Super quiet airconditioning that worked great.  Clean and beautiful rooms. Quiet.  Now the cons:  Lighting lighting lighting!!!!! What the people at this hotel dont get is that women need good lighting to put on their makeup.  The lighting in the bathroom and in the entire suite is horrible!!! It is so dark!!  Neither one of us could tell if our makeup was good because we couldn't see it well enough.  There IS a makeup mirror with a light, but even the light on that is too dim.  Plus you can't take pics in the full length mirror in the hall because the lighting there sucks too.  This was kind of a big issue with us because when  you go to Vegas you want to go out looking good, not wondering if you overdid your makeup because you couldn't see it.  There are other things that we didn't like..no microwave in the room, no coffee...NO DRESSER TO PUT CLOTHES!!! WHAT ARE THEY THINKING!!!  some people do not like to leave all of their stuff in a suitcase!!  That really bugged me.  I wouldn't stay here again.  Its a pretty hotel but I would look for something more functional
5	Stayed in the Prima Suite for the weekend.  AMAZING.  Check out the floor plan on their website.  Love that Bouchon is in the building!  Never have I stayed in a room so nice...  Anyways, Tao Beach is the only beach club I've been to and I thought it was really fun.  Some friends were nice enough to share a cabana with us so that probably helped a LOT.  It's also a plus that they have a 24hr pizza joint.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Las vegas spent six days in the summer we had an amazing time. Rooms are well kept. Only complaint is housekeeping comes too early or too late and depending who you get they either do an amazing job or just rush through. Front desk was very helpful and courteous. Concierge helped my husband and I every time we had a question. The hotel is going thru some construction and some areas are covered which makes for longer walks but they have people to help you get around. If you don't want to hear the TAO pool party all day ask for rooms on other side we were way up on the 28th floor and could still hear the party all day long.  Perfect place to get around the strip and the grand canal shoppes make it so easy to stroll and get to the palazzo and even the wynn from our hotel. They had Carnavele going on and had music and shows to entertain us. We honestly didn't need to leave the hotel if we didn't want to they had so much to do. Hotel is kep immaculate and has many restaurants that you don't' have to leave. For a quick breakfast Grand Lux is located downstairs and easy access. There is also a food court in the grand canal shoppes.  Room itself has three tvs and a very spacious L shaped sofa, desk and table with four chairs. Bathroom is very spacious. i was able to get a summer special including airfare.
5	If you get a chance, one of the best LV NV resort experiences. Even room service is like eating out at a 4-star restaurant.
5	I've been staying at the Venetian or at the Palazzo 2-3 times a year for a week at a time for at least 5 years.  I've stayed at Wynn, Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, etc.  I keep coming back to Venetian / Palazzo for these reasons--Wonderful service-Large Suite rooms-Fantastic restaurants!  SushiSamba!!! Even the cafe is owned by Cheesecake Factory.-Great food court, reasonably priced near registration for those quick meals.-2nd most popular poker room in Vegas after Bellagio.  Huge...lot's of action!-Connected to the Palazzo...you can use all their amenities as well!-The canal shops, what don't they have?-I frequently bring my kids, the Venetian is the best hotel on the strip for kids.  The canal shops have artists and performers to entertain the little ones as well as adults.  The gondola rides are great for the kids.  The smaller Venezia tower pool is the perfect kid hangout featuring a regular pool and a heated pool all away from the huge party pool area. Bouchon is located next to the pool... mom and dad can order amazing french food brought to you poolside.  The pirate show at TI is right across the street and performs many times during the day.  On my most recent trip the kids had balloon animals made and their faces painted every day for free.  My kids are entertained all day, every day at the Venetian.-Fashion mall is right across the street if you need a Nordstroms or anything in particular that can't be found in the Canal Shops.-The rear entrance off Koval makes it easy to avoid the strip.-2 valet locations, not counting the Palazzo-Tao nightclub-Easy freeway access off Spring Mountain-Resort fee includes free wifiThe entire premises is beautiful!Negatives-I think the rooms will need a remodel in a few years to look as good as the Palazzo or Wynn.-The TV's in the rooms used to be considered large when first installed but now feel small since everybody now has a 50" plus.-The main valet at the front regularly takes 20-30 minutes to fetch your car.  This is my biggest complaint.I just can't find another hotel on the strip that offers as much as the Venetian / Palazzo!
4	Such a romantic spot!  I love the piazza, the performers, the gondola and singing.  Also one of the best food courts in the strip.  The many masks adorned hotel provides endless opportunities for picture taking.  I wanted to take pic of every mask, but it's impossible, they are everywhere.The line for the gondola ride was long,  next time then.
5	My husband and I and our 18-year-old daughter wanted to get away for a couple of days midweek to celebrate both their birthdays.  We booked the least expensive room at the Venetian.  On previous trips we had stayed at the Bellagio and wanted to see what another hotel would be like.  From the moment we arrived in the beautiful lobby, we knew this was the right place to be.  We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was spacious and lovely, even for three of us.  My daughter slept on a pull out sofa for no extra charge and said it was perfectly comfortable.  Our king size bed was wonderful.  We also could not hear any noise through the walls or in the hallway each night we slept there.  When we opened the curtains, we had absolutely no view, but since we weren't there to stay and admire the scenery it didn't matter to us.  A plus was being on the fourth floor, which is the same floor as the pool.  All around very accommodating, extra towels handed to you as you enter the area.  There are plenty of lounge chairs and it was not hard to find a place to sit, unlike some hotels where there aren't enough for all the guests and people "save" them all day with their belongings on top.  My brother and his teenage son also came along on this trip, and although they asked for a non-smoking room, the previous guests apparently puffed away.  They were offered another room right away, but decided to stay in that room because they were tired.  The hotel put some kind of ionizer in the room and within a couple of hours the smoke smell was gone.  We asked for extra blankets and a few others things while we were there and everything arrived very quickly.  Another plus is the valet area in front of the hotel.  It was very easy and not time-consuming to wait for your car.  This is one of my complaints about the Bellagio Hotel, by the way.  While it is a beautiful hotel, you could die and have your funeral in the time it takes them to retrieve your car, and waiting in their covered, underground-ish valet area in the summer might hasten your demise.  Getting back to the Venetian, the casino areas were not overwhelmingly smoky like some of the other hotels.  For a restaurant meal the first night (hubby's birthday) we asked the hotel to recommend something.  We wanted a nice but not extravagant dinner.  They recommended First Bar and Grill.  When we found it, we thought, "Aha, they are recommending this because it is away from the shops and gondolas so probably these restaurants need more business."  There were only a few other diners.  Well, it turned out to be the best meal we had on the trip, with lovely, friendly, attentive service.  I had the coconut red snapper which was a thick flaky large chunk of perfectly cooked fish, with an amazing curry sauce.  My brother had a steak which he liked, and hubby and daughter both had fish and chips.  The second night we ate at Postrito, the Wolfgang Puck cafe in San Marco Square, also very good.  The only negative about that was altho' while making the reservation I had said it was my daughter's birthday, instead of giving us a nice table where we could easily see the singers and performers they sat us in the back.  For breakfast both days we ate at Bouchon up on the 10th floor, where we all said we had the best breakfast in years both times.  (Coffee not quite hot enough, tho').  The eggs poached medium were amazing.  If you get them on the brioche the butter sauce sinks into the brioche, but if you get them with a baguette (better choice), the eggs come sitting in the butter sauce with the baguette on the side.  They make their own butter.  Surprisingly, ordering a la carte was less expensive.  Even my fussy daughter was happy with her choice, the sourdough waffles.  My nephew had the French Toast, which was served like a custard with caramelized apples inside. All in all, a wonderful stay.  Everyone from the bellmen to the valets to the waitstaff and so on were a class act.  Will stay there next time, and prefer this atmosphere to the very nice but not-as-much-fun Bellagio.
4	I know it' glitzy but I like it. There is something about sitting out In the piazza watching the makeshift sky go from dawn to dusk and having a glass of wine watching the world go by. Nice rooms and great shopping too. Something about this place just sets it apart from the others.
5	I have stayed at the Venetian several times over past couple years. The service of the hotel never fails to displease.They brought us a fridge, several extra amenities like humidifier and power strips.Rooms: Huge rooms for price and everyone gets a suite.Room Service: food is always good and portions are huge.Casino: Clean and good dealers. everyone is polite and they keep the douchebag filters pretty high.love staying here and will HIGHLY recommend.
4	Still nice after all these years - though the indoor/outdoor thing is still a little creepy.
4	Probably one of the reasons why our Las Vegas trip was sooooo fun and special.  The Venetian is perfect: the decor, the staff, and the location is right smack in the middle of everything!!! Flaws: Our bathroom door wouldn't close completely til you use your entire strength, toilet bowl was clogged up at one point, and the sofa bed was actually pretty darn filthy.  But who cares we probably only spent a total of 10 hours in our hotel room the whole time we were in Vegas. You can already spend hours and hours strolling around shops and sights between the Palazzo and the Venetian. Already planning on another trip!
5	Beautiful hotel/casino/resort. The shopping area and Italian structures/ceiling design are spectacular. The Gondola ride is lots of fun. Absolutely one of the resorts you need to stop by while in Vegas.
2	Sigh.. Ive experienced better.. way better.Staff that simply don't even know what types rooms they are renting...   and when trying to resolve things, constantly "disconnect" the call.Im sorry, but im simply underwhelmed.  seems the only really good reason for staying at the Venetian is this being the closest walking distance to the Sands convention center.Nothing here is bad, its just so terrible un-great.
1	This hotel is really a disappointment. Service doesn't exist, you're herded around the maze like cattle, the sheets were dirty (complete with stuck on un identifiable goobers). So many better places to stay on the Strip for the same cost. Try Caesar's, Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel, MGM, Mirage. Just about any other casino hotel has been significantly better. The pools are disgusting! I wonder if the Dept of Health ever checks them. You can not see the bottom through the spilled drinks, urine (the smell is the giveaway) and the cloudiness of the water. Choose another Yelp friends.
4	Not the newest hotel in Vegas, but large comfortable and reasonably priced suites. Always enjoy my stay here each time. Everyone always complains about me staying here, but our room always ends up being being the party room because of its very much spacious room(s). Maybe that's not a good thing.
4	So far, The Venetian is my favorite place to stay at on The Strip.Its conveniently in the middle of the strip, connected to the Palazzo (where LAVO is located), has a good variety of shops and restaurants and also is home to TAO. As for the rooms, they're spacious and there's plenty of areas to sleep on such as the beds and couches.
4	Im just rating the Casino part for this review.Went there after midnight and had a great time with my husband. Played for about 3 hours and ended up even. played $1 slots, blackjack and craps. I was very impressed with how fast our  waitress was with our free drinks. Very speedy.We had a couple of new comers to the gambling world and they were very helpful showing them the rules of the games and were very pacient with them.I like the decor, not over  the top.
2	This place was a HUGE disappointment. It is a nice enough building but is showing some age. The problem came with their customer service, or general lack thereof. To be fair this was my first stay in a Las Vegas casino/hotel. What a total disappointment. Thank goodness I was there as a guest and didn't have to pay or I would have probably moved before ever checking in. No need to get into a bunch of whiny crap but I would say I heard very similar complaints from most everyone in our group.(it was a very large group also) The shopping was OK (One of the stores had a Blancpain I have been trying to find in person). That, a nice suite, and the few competent staff is the reason for 2 stars and not 1. I would not recommend anyone stay here.
4	I've stayed at the Venetian several times on my Vegas adventures, and I'm always happy when to see its name pop up when boyfriend and I use Priceline to get deals on 5 star hotels on the strip (totally a great way to do Vegas, btw).Even with a great deal, The Venetian is on the pricey side, so be aware. You're not Tresure Islanding it, here.The rooms are fabulous and much larger than you would expect. If you're planning on coming to Vegas with a group of people, this would be a great spot to pick and all go in on a nicer hotel room. Bathrooms are nice - separate tub, shower, and private toilet area. Most rooms come with a pretty legit view.The one downside of the Venetian is that it's not centurally located on the strip, so if you want to go down towards Tropicana and that ish, you've got quite hike ahead of you. It's possible, though. Our group did it in under an hour with bottles of Two Buck Chuck in hand for each of us, so I have full faith in all of you.
5	Definitely a swanky hotel! I've luckily been able to get good deals each time i've gone there! The room are huge - but always seem like a waste, cause you are never there long enough to enjoy it to the max!Free internet in the rooms now - score!A room facing in will have limited cell signal due to all the concrete, cinder block, this time we faced the pools and strip!And hello - remote control blinds - how frikin fun is that!Elevators move pretty quick, which is nice.No easy way to get from parking to your room, but they don't want you to leave, so that's ok!
2	The hotel is a maze. The service was awful. Seems the employees are just so miserable that work here. Between the room for two nights and the show tickets for BlueMan I spent $1200.00. I would expect a better experience for this amount of money. They also nickel and dime you to DEATH.
5	Beautiful hotel.  Great service with fully stocked amenities inside the room and outside in the resort.  Just don't take anything out of the fridge.  It's the first time I heard of a $9 M&M bag.  Good thing they reversed the charge as a courtesy. lolGot the deal for a suite at ~$600 for 3 nights.  Not all suites are made equal, however.  We had 2 connecting suites and one has a much nicer bathroom than the other.  Will definitely come again!
2	Where to start. + The Venetian is pretty. Not the most gorgeous/ unique room I've ever been in, but very nice.+ The Bella suites are large enough to accommodate a number of adults comfortably.+ Convenient location, Strip-wise- Every single person I interacted with, except for the entertainment-type people (gondola people, cabana folks) had a TREMENDOUS attitude. I understand that everyone, even the high rollers, are dime a dozen in Vegas, but we are all still customers and it was shocking how expendable they considered us to be.- Not one person has a clue what is going on. Off the top of my head, we were told contradictory things by various staff no less than 5 times, including once where 4 different people told us 4 different things about receiving a package from the mail room.- None of us could get wifi to work- The safe in our room broke at check out. It took 45 minutes of speaking with people at the front desk for them to recognize this was an issue, yet they still suggested that "in the future, everyone should leave valuables throughout and not just in one safe, so not everyone is 'held up'" - several times. It took over an hour for the safe to be drilled open, and people nearly missed their flights. This too was met with them encouraging that people prepare to leave for the airport earlier (two hours in advance, as opposed to an hour and a half). Here's a suggestion - how about you replace safes that break down all the time, as you said they do, and/or hire more than one repairman to fix them, when you have 7k rooms?- Housekeeping never showed, until the date we were checking out, when they knocked at the door at 9 am. On a Sunday.- $15 minimum tables. Hard to have a little fun as an amateur gambler.+/- There are a number of discounts, especially at the restaurants, that they are not up front about. Be sure to ask.Note: The restaurants in the hotel were really good (went to Bouchon twice, and a mexican place in the Canal Shoppes that had a pretty good happy hour), and the cabana was probably the most enjoyable part of our trip. The cabanas at the Venetian pool are directly next to overly-crowded, tiny-pool-ed Tao beach, and are significantly cheaper, yet you can still hear the DJ, and everyone is having a great time. Chase was our host and he was the only person at the Venetian who was fun and acted like he appreciated our business.Overall: if/ when I go back to Vegas, I would either stay in a cheaper/ more gimmicky hotel OR stay in one of the other supposedly big boys, but one where I know they will appreciate my business when I bring in 10 people who are all staying, eating, gambling, and clubbing all weekend.
5	Stayed here for a few days in June and had a great room.  They're all "suites," so you can't go wrong in room selection.Tips:* Unless you are staying at The Venetian for business or plan on spending a good amount of time in your room, DO NOT splurge for any of the upgraded rooms when you're checking in.  Their basic rooms are swankier than most other casino resort rooms.  When you check-in, they'll bring out a big binder of rooms and lists of amenities, but the upgrades are expensive.  Given that you'll be out and about a lot, you probably won't use all the extras unless you plan your day around returning to your floor for whatever cocktail or hors d'oeuvre reception they're having.* The rooms are not really suites, in the sense that they're separate rooms.  It's essentially one very large room with a few steps and a divider leading into lower level seating areas with large sectional sofas and a couple of tables.  The bathroom, compared to most of the other casino resorts on the Strip, is nirvana--a soaking tub, shower, toilet closet, and large vanity with two sinks.  It's spacious and beautiful.  The bathroom hospitality amenities are nice.  There's a robe for you to enjoy, but the towels are washed in bleach and feel cheap and scratchy.* At most hotels, the hospitality bar is inside a cabinet or fridge.  At The Venetian, a few things are out on a pressure sensitive box.  DO NOT even pick anything up to look at it; charges are automatically billed to the room.  Remember the scene at the start of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" when Indiana Jones picks up the solid gold idol, then the darts start shooting at him?  Same theory here, except your room bill will get the darts.* You can ask for a good view, but you probably won't get it unless you're lucky or pay for an upgrade.  So that you're not close to the elevators or looking down at just rooftop, ask for the highest floor available and--if you don't mind walking 100-foot hallways--near the ends of the hallways.* The casino isn't all that great for gaming.  The casino was in the middle of a major re-set of machines and walkways when we were there.  It'll still be a relatively smaller gaming area compared to other casino resorts.* The pools are not heated and can seem chilly.  My guess is that they're around 80-82 degrees.  Be ready for a mild shock if you're not used to it.  Otherwise, the main pool is large and had lifeguards when we were there.  Check for pool hours; the main pool closes at 5 or 6pm.  Also, like most other Vegas resorts, the water depth averages a paltry four feet max, so you won't be able to lap swim.  There are a couple of "adult" pools that charge a separate admission--adult, meaning a smaller pool with a little more intimacy and topless, loud music and poolside drink service.* The fast food court on the second level is convenient and has a decent selection of fast food shops.  It's clean, open late, open to the public and offers great food options.  Speaking of food and necessities, there's a large, well-stocked Walgreen's about a 10-minute walk away, reachable through the hotel.  The first floor food court next to the casino had a smaller, expensive mix of fast food restaurants.  If you don't like tobacco smoke, go to the second level food court.* The Internet connection was fine but a tad spotty.  Don't expect T1 speeds or even DSL speeds.  It's fast, but it's probably not as speedy as what you might have at home.  It's the same unwritten mantra at other casino resorts: they want you downstairs playing the odds in the casino and not updating your Facebook pictures or downloading apps.* If you're from a place that has tobacco bans in bars and restaurants, prepare yourself and your lungs for non-stop smoke at The Venetian and most other casino resorts.  The only place you usually can't smoke is in your hotel room, and even then you'll swear you smell cigarette smoke.  The family-friendly approach of the 90s and the sex/VIP approach of the 00s are gone from most casino resorts.  The 10s are all about bringing in gamblers from smoke-happy Asian countries, and they smoke ad nauseum, ad infinitum.  Again, prepare yourself.  * Make the effort to spend some time in the entrance lobby to snap a few pictures.  They put a lot of effort into making this area look fabulous, and it's sumptuous.  Best time to visit is during the wee hours at night or very early in the morning...if you're up that late or early.
4	This was a nice hotel that I recently spent a weekend at with a bunch of friends for a bachelor party. We all seemed to enjoy the place. We ended up with a couple of adjoining suites and packed them to the gunnels. The couches and beds were comfy. The rooms were properly equipped with ironing boards, multiple TVs, Hi ball glasses, etc. We were wishing that we had some bigger ice buckets! As it was we had to do the motel 6 move of taking the igloo to the ice machine and well you know how that goes...PRO TIP #1: Always take the free Valet parking!The hotel provided a myriad of little bathroom items that are always needed by someone; shower cap w/scrunche, mending kit, emery board and something, and q-tips. That is in addition to the standard soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and lotion.The decor was nice and with the suites not low end. The rooms were narrow but long with a railing for the living room area but no fridge or cooking area at all.PRO TIP #2: make sure you always have a key card with you or the group you are in whenever you go downstairs. They post guards to key card check the rooms... annoying but gotta keep the hookers out somehow eh?The main entrance has some wonderfully colonnaded arches and vaulted ceilings. The colors are matched throughout the entire facility. Dark wood accents in the restaurants to the furniture in the rooms. Khaki stonework throughout the main casino entrance and hallways as well as the paint in the rooms.Overall it was a great stay, but its a bit pricey I think as well. The hotel service  was lacking at times as we had to order extra towels and didnt end up with maid service in one of our two rooms grrrrr... but overall it was a great stay for us.
4	I usually stay at the Palazzo.  Both equal.  Great rooms, great beds.  Great selection of restaurants.  Venetian is going thru another reno, so expects great things from one of the best hotels on the strip.
4	First visit - Great hotel-friendly staff - large spacious rooms - upscale casino and dining options. Pool was an excellent place to spend most of the day relaxing before hitting up the Casino for gambling or show. We had a chance to experience their spa and that was top notch as well - we will be back for sure.
4	Not bad at all, I was here for the first time iwth few other friends.  $200 a night on the weekend and the room was in excellent condition.  2 large tvs, a L shape bed couch, 1 work desk, 1 table and with a tub and shower in the bathroom.  A great room for partying during the stay in Vegas. Also the pool is on the 4th floor, no free entry for the tao bench club, but the pool was a pretty cool place to chill during the day.  Also you gain hotel guest entry for Tao night club, the wait was pretty short and the cover charge was $20.  I want to complete my staying at every hotel on the strip goal, or else I would come back here very soon.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5star is because the casino wiped me and my friends out.
5	One of the prettiest hotels in Vegas. Gorgeous decor. You can't go wrong with this hotel. It sure lives up to its hype.
5	This place was amazing!!!!!!  So beautiful and elegant!!  The room was huge and we got a complimentary upgrade where we had an awesome view of the volcano infront of The Mirage.  Very awesome experience.
4	Got to stay here last year because of comps. 3 nights free! Very nice hotel. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room....ahem our suite was very nice. Bigger than the townhouse we currently reside:(Do I really need to say we enjoyed our stay?!? The only knock was how inconvenient it was to get to our suite. Had to catch one elevator to the next floor then walk down a hall then around a corner to catch another elevator to get to our room. Needless to say I got lost everyday we were there! The reason for the loss of a star.
4	Gorgeous rooms, wonderful shops, desirable restaurants, fun pools, and of course, a gondola ride. I've stayed here, ridden here, gambled here, eaten here. My favorites are staying here and eating here -- whether it's Mario B's 'B&B' or any number of tasty destinations. Hung out on the top floor in the Suite to Die For helping friends celebrate a birthday. Lovely. Right down to the baby grand piano I had the pleasure to play. So much to like here. I'm overdue for another stay.
4	We stayed one night at the Venetian after spending two nights at the Planet Hollywood. While the Planet Hollywood was a nice place it doesn't compare to the Venetian. Rooms: The hotel is absolutely beautiful with all rooms being "suites," the curtains are remote controlled and our room had three T.V.'s.Food: The Grand Luxe Cafe has a great menu selection for all price points and the portions are generous.Gondola Rides: We decided to do the indoor Gondola Ride and while it was fun, In my opinion it is not worth the $16 per person for the ten or so minutes that you are actually on the Gondola.Overall the Hotel/Casino is beautiful and the staff provided wonderful service. Would definitely stay again!
5	Stayed here a few times and loved it.  Loved the way they decorated the suite rooms.  Loved staying at this hotel and satisfied every single time.There is so much to do within the hotel.  The shoppe within the hotel are open late, so you don't even have to leave the hotel if you don't want to.  The only thing I wish it had was a buffet, so I didn't have to go another hotel to get my buffet on.  Will definitely be coming again.
4	We stayed on the 4th floor, the same floor as the pool, spa and the Rio Beach Club. There is a corridor to the Palazzo and all the great restaurants. Best of all, no kids running around, all the guests on our floor were adults.
4	Where Bouchon Bakery is at. Of course I want to stay here! XS is here and even though I haven't been clubbing in forever, I would like to experience the "night life" at least once here. The architecture of this hotel is simply divine. Very romantic.After my stay at The Cosmopolitan, I want to stay here!
1	The rooms are extremely noisy. This is the second time i stayed at Venetian and everytime i got a room with lots of noise. The rooms are facing the pool and the noise of the cleaning pumps run all night. It sounds like somebody vacum clean your room all the time.
4	What a fabulous hotel!   We went just to tour and hopefully have a ride on the canal, but not everything works out as you wish.   The canal ride was too long a wait, so we opted instead for some fabulous gelato and a lovely walk thru, enjoying all the gorgeous art and architecture.  It is so amazing how you feel like you are outside and in Italy.   I even took the opportunity to help out a new bride and groom, taking some photos of the two with their camera against the lovely waterfall.  It was fun and they really appreciated the thoughtfulness.   Love all the restaurant and shopping options.  What fun!   The only thing that requires improvement, as do they all.......... is the casino in the middle of the room with all the smokers.  YUK!   What a turn-off!   What a shame....
4	Is gorgeous just like being in italy the shops are great as well.
1	First day staying here at the Venetian. Walked through the casino and tried to take some money out of an ATM at the food court and had a problem. The money got jammed and it said to call an attendant.  Every person I tried to talk to said they could not help me.  After standing by the ATM Machine for over 30 minutes a woman came up to me and gave me a 800 number to call and said that was the best they could do. Even though I am a guest at the hotel and the ATM is sitting in the hotel I was told simply that it was my problem. After calling the number they told me the funds should be back in my account in a week. Not one employee tried to solve the problem or take me to someone who could help me. Nor did anyone try and assist me until the problem was solved. I called the front desk and the manager told me that this was standard operating procedure. Terrible customer service. I have been a Chevy dealer for a long time. When someone comes Into my place of business and has a problem with their car I don't give them a 800 number and tell them to call General Motors. I address the concern and actually try to help the customer solve the problem. Terrible first day of my stay at the Venetian. This is the kind of customer service you can expect from this hotel.
5	By far my favorite place to stay in Vegas to this date.  I've stayed at other hotels including Encore and would rather stay here.  Their "all suites" rooms are seriously awesome.  The bathroom is very large and they've got TVs in the bathroom, bedroom, and living room area.  I also like that their sunken living rooms as it makes the room feel even larger. They've got a great selection of shops and restaurants including Bouchon Bakery which makes awesome pastries and Parisian Macaroons.  How the Venetian scored this place instead of Paris Hotel is certainly a mystery, but it sure makes the Venetian a better choice!  Pool area is set up like a typical European Garden.  Wish they had real grass instead of turf as that is really hot to walk in during the summer.  Also, the one large pool gets very crowded which made me question the cleanliness of the water, but it was fairly relaxing regardless.  It's nice that they have various areas with beach chairs that are smaller so you don't feel like your at the pool with 1,000 people even though you are.  They put a lot of thought into the architecture of the place as it is very Italian, and very romantic.  The check-in staff was great and upgraded us from a smaller suite to a larger one for free.  I hope to stay here many, many more times!
5	It doesn't get much classier and nicer than the Venetian.  The casino is gorgeous and the canal shops are great.  THe service is fantastic and the restaurants are yummy.   I have not stayed here personally so I can not comment on the rooms but if you are going to Vegas and want to check out the sights you really should add this casino in to your itinerary.
5	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Free wi-fi with the resort fees.  Free wi-fi in the food court.  Very nice rooms and very helpful staff.  The room has nice extras and extra large.  Highly recommended.  Nice Casino, Nice Food Court, Good shopping; nice shows available to see also.
5	My all time favorite hotel. Its beautiful, brilliant and well crafted. The gondolas are so lovely. This is the best looking hotel, its clean and lively with a great touch of class.
1	I am usually pretty generous with my Yelp ratings. The only other establishment I unleashed my wrath upon was the Sushi restaurant that somehow put a chewed up piece of gum in my food and then proceeded to blame me for placing it there. So what could have the Venetian done to piss me off? LOSE.OUR.LUGGAGE. Indeed... The venetian lost mine and a friend's luggage. It was the summer of 2012 (June 23 to be exact) and a friend and I were attending bachelorete festivities for one night only. We arrived early, changed into bathing suites en route to Tao Beach, entrusted our possessions to the bell and went about our day. Blissful oblivion. At around 2PM we went back for our bags. Still wearing that lovely bathing suit and cover up, and sticky from laying out with tanning lotions and sunblock. But Lo and Behold, our bags are nowhere to be found. I mean NOWHERE. We (including me, manager, and the other victim, fellow yelper Meredith M.) scoured their two luggage areas to make sure it was not missed SEVERAL times. Somehow, my ticket was found in the trash can. No explanation as to why it was there. Fast forward to 7:00PM and still no bags to be found and still wearing my bathing suit. By this time, also, we had missed pretty much all bachelorette activities. After what felt like pulling teeth, we received some cash to buy necessities to get us through the night. So, still wearing our bathing suits, we wen to the mall. In an hour, we had to get EVERYTHING. Even underwear. Bargain shopping in an hour was not easy. And I definitely had to bust out the plastic.I felt we had to be following people around to find out what was going on. "We will call you in five minutes" would turn into never a call back and my friend and I trying to find SOMEONE that will help us.  Though I lost a lot - my favorite shoes, my favorite dress, my make up, jewelry, ETC ETC ETC. The worst part was dealing with their claim resolution department. They also don't answer phone calls or reply to emails. Subpar re compensation and crappy service.......... NO THANKS!
4	The Venetian is a really gorgeous hotel to stay in.  It's crazy trying to find your room in this massive hotel, but writing your room number on your hand may help you keep from getting lost.The rooms are beautiful.  They are a semi-suite, with a living room, that is separated from the bedroom by a step down versus by a wall.  The living rooms are equipped with desk with a multi function fax/printer as well as a flat screen tv and a comfy couch.  One bummer is that the refrigerator is full of stuff you have to buy, so forget putting your own drinks in there.  But, on the bright side if you want super overpriced snacks and drinks, you got it!The beds are very comfy and they come with robes and slippers... and another tv in front of the bed!  The bathroom is huge with a separate little room  with the toilet.  They are equipped with both a shower and a tub and come with some decent toiletries and I personally found the towels thick and fluffy.The pools at the Venetian are nice, but not super exciting.  Tao day and nightclub is right next door, so you can hear the tunes from there, but the regular pool is large but with no extras.  Best part is TONS of lounge chairs around the pool and off in little areas, some shaded, some not.  There are two large pools and one large jacuzzi.  You can also walk over to the Palazzo pools and they have a little more variety over there.  While we were here last, only one of the pools was opened... kinda a bummer because it was a LONG walk from the pool that was open to the jacuzzi.  But, it was all good.  Hot day, cool pool.  LOVE!The casino is large with a huge selection of games.  Really big poker room - YEA!  One of the bartenders at the center bar is freaking awesome... I don't know about the others.  Wish I'd gotten his name.  The Property (along with the Palazzo) also has a great selection of restaurants/bars, shopping, and shows. It really is a fun place.  Definitely sign up for Club Grazie and spend enough gambling and you can hang out in the Gold room.  HOORAY!  Love the gold room... snacks, drinks, quiet and private bathrooms.Overall, I enjoy this property.  I'll be back!WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?It'll never happen.  The prices are too high, they charge a resort fee which just pisses me off and that filling the fridge with crap you have to buy is a serious pet peeve.  But, if they changed that, well... I'd go FIVE.
3	Wonderful hotel/casino on the strip, right in the center of the action. The room was amazing with two king beds, then a seperate living room with a pull out bed. The bathroom has a separate room for the toilet, two sinks, a garden tub and a walk in shower. My only issue is that we were captive there for a conference and the prices of food were outragous. Normally not a problem because of per diem... However this was a conference for teachers and schools barely pay any per diem at all. Mine paid $50 a day but I heard of others being paid less. You can barely get a good dinner for that amount in this area of the strip.
5	I love my suite, I believe we stay in the Bella suite. It's very roomy and comfortable. Its around 700-800 sq ft. This is now Vegas suppose to feel.... It was the best hotel room compare to many other places I have stay at.Our room had two pillow top queen size bed with the most comfortable sheets, I want to say its Egyptian cotton. Two flat screen TV, not including the one in the bathroom, there's one in the living room and one in the sleeping area. The living space have a dining table, private work area with telephone and printer copier, but also a L-shaped sofa that have a pull out bed. Cool thing about the room was that there was a remote control that open the shades and close them. The bathroom is huge, its like 1/3 of the size of the room and it have a standup shower and a roman tub for soaking... it was very spacious with an area for the ladies to sit and put on their makeup. My husband thought it was cool that there was a phone in the bathroom (Like Joey from Friends)... The pool was nice too, it wasn't crowded like other pools I have been to. They only allow hotel guest and there wasn't many kids. The kids were in the sitting pool area, so I was able to relax and I don't get splash laying near the pool. I would definitely come back to Vegas and stay at the Venetian if given the opportunity again.
1	FINAL AFTERMATH:I eventually got my check for $750 but only because me and fellow Yelper, Ingrid R, were regularly checking up on the status of our checks.  Our main contact in their Risk Mgmt Dept was Tony who was completely incompetent.  Aside from his very 1st call to let me know what their course of action was, he outright ignored all other follow up calls and emails  regarding the status of our checks. He didn't have the decency to call or reply back.  I was starting to worry that the Venetian would skip out on paying us.  Ingrid was finally able to speak with another rep, Emma, who assisted us in finalizing the cutting and mailing of our checks.SHAME ON YOU VENETIAN FOR PROVIDING VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE: you screwed me and my friend in losing our luggage; you screwed us in the way that you treated us during that weekend; and you still screwed us with your sorry compensation handled by your incompetent Risk Mgmt Dept.
1	There for dinner, I won't say where. Just that my experience was horrible from the point I stepped into the hotel. Then I come to find out it's non-union, the only major hotel on the strip.The owner is a scummy guy, stay away from this place.
5	O-M-G this hotel is amazing. I stayed here a while ago. The suites are fancy and classy with three TVs. One in the bedroom, the living room, and the bathroom. No need to fight for the Tv when you are staying with 2 or more people who wants to watch different things.
5	This is my fav. hotel in Vegas. I stayed here 4 times and had a great experience every time. It may not be the newest hotel but provides the "complete" total package. All the rooms are suites with a living room, elevated bedroom and nice bathroom (with two Plasmas in the bathroom). I love the couches in the rooms, very comfortable. Service is always good. Hotel is very clean. Great combination of restaurants, bars and casino. Huge spa and gym that can use for free - I read this is the best gym on the strip. It connects to the Encore which also has a great mix of restaurants and bars. Highly recommended from a self proclaimed Vegas expert :)
5	First time ever staying at the Venetian. Last time in Vegas, I was at the Palazzo (which is next door). Both layouts are very similar. What I really love about this hotel is that all the rooms are suite styled = more space for the duration of your trip! There are three tv's in your room, one in the living room, bedroom and bathroom (for when you shower or take a bath). Another great thing about the Venetian is how close it is to a lot of great things to do. You are near the Wynn (great for clubs), Treasure Island and other casinos for shows, Fashion Show Mall to spend all your winnings, and just in a centralized area to walk on the strip.If you're looking for good stuff to eat, room service is a little pricey but really delish! We had the chicken wings. Also good choices are Bouchon and Grand Luxe.Another huge bonus is how awesome these beds are!! They literally make you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud. All in all, The Venetian is a comfortable, classy hotel with great restaurants, access to a lot of things to do, spacious rooms, good view, numerous swimming pools, and great service. What more can you ask for?!
5	Top notch hotel. Service is great, staff is friendly. The rooms are clean and kept up. Beautiful hotel, definitely lives up to the Vegas name.
1	Don't forget the owner of the Venetian gave Newt Gingrich millions. The Wynn is right next store and way nicer. Also if you're a non-smoker you'll hate it. The place stinks.
5	The twin brother, the Reemis to The Palazzos' Romulus, if you will.  These two properties are connected and share the Canal Shops. One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas. The pumped in lavender helps to disperse the cigarette smoke. There is a great selection of restaurants as well. But a word of caution, Gentlemen do not think for one second that you can get out of taking your significant other to the real Venice by going here. Why not stop by and take ride in a gondola. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Planned my bachelorette party in Vegas of course and my friend Angie was kind enough to make reservations for our group here since she could get a special deal. So she reserved two suites 4 girls in each room, 2 weeks before our visit  2 girls dropped out so we figured we could have 6 of us in one room but the hotel refused to cancel one room reservation. My friend tried everything she could but they would not budge, I felt horrible so I offered to pay more since everything was being divided and  my girls were kind enough to pitch in also. Okay three girls in each room will be more than comfy, we shrugged it off and continued the excitement for the weekend. The day we left to Vegas three girls including my friend Angie left in their car a bit early and checked in while the rest of arrived shortly after. Our evening would start at 5:30pm, arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and when we reached my friends room she informed us the other room was still not available yet. So we all just got ready in her room and left to meet our limo downstairs before we left my friend went to check the status of our room at 5:30pm and it was still not ready. So you wouldn't let us cancel our reservation and yet you don't even have a room we've paid for ready  more then 2 hours after check in? So frustrating!!!!! we leave enjoy our night and don't return until around 2am and I was done for the evening but apparently the girls placed me in our room which was finally available to us. The next morning wake up and look round the room to notice it is disgusting weird stains all over the satin headboards, dings and dents on the walls and the tv . You can view my pictures as see it for yourself,  as if rockstars occupied our room before us and trashed the place and the hotel thought they could clean it and find it suitable for us still. Some of the outlets in the bathroom did not work either,  just highly disappointed with the hotel after all its supposed to be one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Never would return again even the valet took quite awhile to recover our vehicle. And with their delay on our room they wouldn't even accommodate a late check out. Much better hotels to stay at with better prices and service!
5	I have stayed at this resort, partied at this resort and been entertained at this resort and I have nothing negative to say unless that it's so expansive you have to wear really comfy shoes.The rooms are beautifully appointed and generous in size.  The staff is always on point and very helpful.  The pool areas  : ) and let's not forget the canals and all the shops around there.  Add to it that they now have one of my new favorite spots to haunt (Bourbon Room).The Venetian is "as good as it gets"  Extra points that this is one place that actually looks better than it's namesake.
5	This is probably the best managed, most beautiful Hotel in Vegas. The rooms are spacious and beautifully decorated. The staff is knowledgeable, professional, and well trained. It was a pleasure to stay here! Every aspect of my experience here was 5 Stars.
5	I need to...like...live here! Lol..again..I was here looking for a job but I have been here several times. I did the gondola ride many years ago. I just want to eat pasta all day. All that's missing is the Tuscan sun! I have never stayed at the actual hotel because we usually get the "basic" hotels for free..I'm broke..so yeah. I just need to live here & it will solve my dilemma.
3	I am less enamored with The Venetian than I once was. This was my third time staying here and I can now say, like many others, that it's overrated. Somehow the prices have gotten ridiculous, and even for the pathetic $129/night I paid, I felt a bit jipped. When you factor in the resort fee ($22.40) and tax ($15.69) you're really paying $167.09/night. While the rooms are nice, I don't think they warrant that kind of price.I now notice all the dings and yuck marks that others have mentioned. I also noticed the near broken shower handle and the flippant attitude of the check-in staff. I really super-noticed the lack of places to obtain reasonably priced drinks and on-tap beers. Lastly, I really noticed just how far north the hotel is. My next time in Vegas I'll gamble a bit and select a lower end hotel. Although I do not subscribe to the old Vegas adage "...you're only in your room to sleep" I don't think it's necessary to have such a nice room when you're only in it 1/2 the time. *****You will thank me for this tip: If guest services tries to give you a room on the 3rd floor, DECLINE like your life depends on it!
2	Upper scale casino, expensive, disney-esque setup.I was not enjoying the food at the highly acclaimed Bruchon.
4	This place would have received a solid 5 stars if it was more girl friendly. The hotel is perfectly located at the heart of the strip giving you a good choice of places within walking distance. The hotel is beautifully decorated and the rooms are all suites with two beds, a table and a seating area. There is also an abundance of places to shop and eat within an elevator ride and short walk. I must admit I was addicted to the bouchon bakery goods. The pools are fabulous and Tao Beach and Nightclub are right there. If I was rating on convenience and location alone I would give the Venetian 5 stars.#GirlProblems: We had 99 problems and location ain't one! If you are sharing your room be warned! The see-through shower (which has no ledges for leg shaving convenience), bath, and sink are in one large room with a smaller toilet room. The bathroom looks fancy but the setup is not conducive to 4 girls getting ready at the same time.  If one person is showering the sinks, vanity, and toilet are inaccessible. The only reason we were able to manage is because there is an abundance of mirrors (including 2 full length mirrors) and a magnified mirror (which had a broken light) on the vanity that can be moved into the suite area- voila 4 beatification zones! A major problem was lighting, there was none! All the lights in the room are extremely dim. Worst of all the bathroom has awful lighting. Our room faced a wall so we had no natural light, it was awful. Girls, it is never fun to beautify in the dark. The closet is very tiny so be prepared to request additional hangers. None of the plugs in our bathroom worked, which created a real hassle. The bed area did not have enough plugs to accommodate our phone chargers so we needed to plug them in the suite area (the plugs near the door were being used on hair tools). There is no iPod dock or aux option on the radio, so bring your own speakers. Other than our girl problems our room was very nice. I did bed bug check, there was none. The hotel staff are very friendly and extremely accommodating. When we ordered things they came up within minutes, except for the luggage. I would not recommend using the valet for bags. The hotel is large so this service is very slow. On a similar note: the cab line can be very long so if you are trying to make dinner reservation, a flight, or a show send someone down early to save a space in the cab line.
5	I can't decide if cosmo or Venitian is a better hotel, but I have been going to this hotel for 8 years now. They're customer service is grand, the grand lux cafe along with there steak houses make this one of the best hotels on the strip.They're standard bella suit is 600sq ft which is much bigger than the standard rooms of Aria, Bellagio, Cosmo has 620 sq ft in the terrace studio but their standard is the city room.The customer service inside this hotel will make you want to stay here over and over. All the pit bosses have a good attitude. There is nothing more you can ask for in a hotel.It's also a perfect place to go with a loved one, they're cannals are one of the most romatic things you can do in vegas.
5	I LOVE the Venetian and Palazzo... The rooms are beautiful and the Gym is Amazing.... Going back to my regular LA Fitness after a vacation here is a bummer.
5	My wife n I didn't stay here, but the 5 stars is based on the gondola ride alone. We had a great guide, he sang about 4 romantic songs, was funny, insightful, helpful with a few great suggestions. Over all he really made the short ride an experience for us, we enjoyed it.A must if you have time.Oh yeah, the shops are pretty snazzy too.TC
3	The suite was beautiful with the best bathtub I ever enjoyed. Any food I purchased was great. Here are a list of little things I didn't expect at such a great place.No free HBO or premium TV channelsREALLY BAD internet (wireless & wired). Charge is $15.99 A DAY!No refrig, microwave, coffee pot, or hot water in roomNo free plastic bags for laundry. No emergency toothpaste or other amenities.No late check out. (Check out was 11 am.)Front desk unable to print bill in 2 folios as requested. (Supervisor tried twice.)There is a cold bar refrig in the room. I took a few bottles out for a while to keep some ice cream cold. - I found out I was charge for beverages based on a electronic monitoring system.(They removed the charges.)The biggest disappointment was the poor internet service. It constantly dropped and was barely usable at times.Luckily most of our expenses were covered by business, but these issues did affect the quality of the visit.
5	Usually I am not a big stickler for customer service.  It can be there or not as long as the goods are delivered, I am happy.  Customer service, although not required is definitely appreciated and noted to make a world of difference.Allow me to relay my adventure the first night in Sin City. . . .There were six of us, all beautiful girls, enjoying ourselves.  We went out to dinner, we enjoyed a show, we got dolled up and we were ready for some dancing action.  Being a group of beautiful girls, all we had to do to was show a little leg to get into the hottest clubs on the strip.I got lost in the music, dancing and alcohol for hours before I realized that I was missing something essential in my small dancing purse.  Dude where's my wallet and phone?!?!  Snapped out of my intoxicated haze, I patrolled the club and harrassed security with no luck.  With nothing left to do, I returned to the Venetian tired and defeated.My exhausted group decided to go back to the room while I inquire at the front desk about a business center.  I am a responsible mature young lady; I needed to notify my five credit/debit cards that my wallet was missing.The front desk lady, whose name I did not catch, was Caucasian with medium long hair, tall, thin and working the hours between 3-4 am deserves an award and to be recognized.  When I told her of my misfortune, she not only found all five customer service numbers on her computer, dialed the numbers for me and waited patiently as I struggled to talk to ppl who may not reside in the country.  Once I had my card situation figured out, I had the audacity to ask if she can call long distance to my boyfriend so I can let him know that I am unavailable. . lost phone and all.There could never be a more appreciative drunken fool to have stumbled through the Venetian than me that night.  Yes the Venetian is a beautiful facility with great rooms and a central location on the strip, but it is that lady who has earned my loyalty.A word about the room. . . We stayed in the Rialto suite - two full size beds, pull out sectional, two TVs.  The bathroom is large, separate shower and bath tub and private room for toilet. Don't worry, some extremely good samaritan turned in my phone/wallet to security with ID, cash and credit card intact.  The rest of my trip was salvaged and there are now permanent indentations on my phone/wallet from my death grip.
4	There is something attractive about the Venetian and Pallazo that brings me back here when I visit Vegas.  I love the famous chef's restaurant offerings here too.  The crowd is well behaved here and everyone is having fun here.
4	The hotel and the rooms are beautiful, even though my view was the parking lot...I have no complains other than the long hallways and the two separate elevators you have to take to get to the room and back to lobby. The casino is very small and nothing compared to the MGM casino. Tao Club was nice but VERY crowded. Do not put your drink down or they will slip something in it. All it takes (from what i was told) is two drops of Visine to get you messed up!! Tao beach was okay, nothing to talk about. I think it's a bit over rated. The restaurants are nice, we ate at Zeffirino and the service was GREAT! The food was good and desert even better. There's a huge mall on the second floor of the hotel...stores like BEBE, Kenneth Cole and much more! Very nice. I ordered room service a few times, a little pricey but food was good. Overall i would give it a 4 star, and I probably would go back.
4	Thanks for the Memories !!!My hotel of choice, partially biased by the memories of my best trips to Vegas happening when I stayed at The Venetian, is of course The Venetian.I like this for so many reasons:1) They are adjacent to many good restaurants2) The clientele is a good mixture of eye candy and people one can say "aren't obnoxious knuckleheads" that you'd see at a few other spots in Vegas.3) The proximity of the location is perfect on the strip, walking distance to the heart of the strip, which I consider from Bally's to the Wynn.4) The rooms are spacious, as every room, as they say, is a suite.Overall, I prefer The Venetian over the Pallazo, Wynn, Encore, Mandalay Bay, Aria, and the others I think are in the same style and price range.*) Interesting note about their customer service.  In one breath, they're great if your cell phone battery dies, you can leave your phone to get a free charge, which is a convenience many don't know about.  On the other hand, once, when I left, I'd left a pair of prescription eye glasses in my room, checked out of the hotel, and called them that day to inquire, and they seemed nonchalant and didn't seem to put much effort to instill confidence in me that they even attempted to look for them or had any white glove treatment follow through to confirm or deny with a courtesy status update.  So, I'd give that a coin toss.Also, on a side note, I thought I heard a story where the security at the Venetian years ago once mistakenly mistook a high roller's daughter dressed up in typical night club attire hanging out at the hotel for a hooker, which caused a major issue, so going forward the management supposedly turned a blind eye to avoid making costly assumptions, so that's why you might see more girls selling their wares than other hotels... urban legend and myth or ?  There's only one way to find out... j/k
5	Beautiful! Beautiful!!  Is how I describe the Venetian hotel in Las Vegas.  Walking through the grand entrance, looking down on the pool with gondolas paddling by, takes you away to another world.  Inside, the ceilings are not to be missed!  Be sure to look up!  Oh, this hotel just takes your breath away!
5	Every time I go inside every hotel in Las Vegas strip... The Venetian has the best scent ever. I cannot smell any cigarettes or any of that weird funky smell that I get from the other LV strip hotels. LOL.This is my favorite hotel to stay in because it is luxurious in every detail. You are greeted by there role playing victorian styled people as you go inside the hotel. I find that unique because I don't think I remember other hotels doing the same thing as The Venetian, I could be wrong. I love their beds because they are super duper comfortable and I slept like a total baby for the little sleep I've done while in Vegas, haha.
4	I love the decorations at this place. I remember I kept looking at the ceiling. The clouds look like they are moving when you walk. The Gondola ride looks pretty cool, I'll have to check that out next time I'm out there.
4	My stay at this hotel was short, but it was an awesome experience. The Phantom of the Opera was playing it's last show and I got a chance to see it before it's last run. Overall, the staff of the hotel were very nice and helpful. The rooms were large and spacious, and the accommodations were plentiful. This hotel is beautiful and very inviting and I would stay here again if I come back to Las Vegas.
4	My wife and I stayed at the Venetian last weekend for 2 nights.  The room was great, quiet, large and clean.  The Sin City bar has good beer, same with the Public House rest.    The only negative would be charging for in room wifi and using the internet in the business center .
4	This is a very fun and beautiful hotel ! The reason I give it four stars and not five is that my tv in the bathroom did not work. I asked for a refrigerator upon check in and the employee said it would be on the house which was sweet of him. So i tipped him for the kind gesture. it took the hotel  one whole day to do so bring the frig to my room when the employee told me it would be up in 15 minutes. When they finally brought the frig, they brought two up instead if one. I had to call again and fix everything over the phone. Very annoying!!! The style and theme for the Venetian is very nice BUT needs some touch ups. It is a older hotel , than the palazzo or Wynn or the encore so I understand the wear on something's but a hotel like this should be well maintained to keep its reputation. The venetian is an original 5 star hotel and to keep that rating the hotel should be kept in tip top shape.  There were huge black marks on the doors. But there is alot to do here. Shops are great. The scenery is to die for. This hotel is very unique!! Nothing quite like the Venetian. The architecture truly makes you feel as though you're in Italy. Very nice hotel . Very fun however a Hotel like this needs to be well maintained to keep its status. Highly recommend !!
5	Really a nice hotel.  Pricey, but very upper class.  The room was one of the nicest I have been in.  My wife kept going on and on about the decorating, so I guess it was good too...ha.ha...The walk in shower and the double sinks in the bathroom made getting ready very easy.  The pillows, bed, couch, carpet, drapes,,,,,all seemed new.   The only negative to the room was the temperature.   We couldn't seem to get it to warm up.  Room always seemed cold.   We were lucky that our room was right off the elevator.  Some of the rooms can be FAR away.The rest of the hotel amenities were top shelf too.  Concierge was very helpful the whole stay.  The resort fee included the gym at the canyon Spa.  The gym was really good.  Great equipment.   Casino was nice.  Poker room was fantastic.  The pool was perfect too.  There are many options in Vegas, but if you want a first class experience, this hotel has it.
5	Really beautiful place yeah a little cheesy but I loved it and even did the Gondola ride.
4	I think this hotel is very romantic, nicely done and very nice all the way around.  Great spot on the strip, the mall is awesome, can't beat the gondola rides ... Very cool place!  I have stayed at 6 other hotels in Vegas but not here yet ... Next time for sure!
1	Arrived straight from airport checked in used Valet Parking thinking my New Mimi Cooper would be safe only to have it delivered to me the next day with 5, yes five big door dings wow so amazing they made a report but could care less. Instead of a 5 star hotel should be 5 dent. Seriously though want your car jacked up give it to the Valet, god dam amazing they could be so careless i am in total disbelief.  If you have a nice car do yourself a favor and park it yourself the Valet is free and now i know why. I will never ever stay here again and if i didn't have a package deal would check out today. This type of vandalism simply there is no excuse for none zip nada. The repair will cost hundreds to fix and now it will be a civil action more crap to deal with. The rooms are nice the food is good but they lack in quality control with customer owned property and to say I am disappointed in their actions would be an understatement.  My 14yr old son knows better so I wonder what else they did,  I never checked the mileage when I gave my vehicle to them. We simply will never return and I certainly hope anyone with a nice auto takes my advice and park it yourself. The Hotel was proactive to make a security report but this type of headache I didn't need and normally when you give your vehicle to valet you get the best care well was sadly mistaking and have never had a valet experience like this before 5 dents were not created by one person this is their whole valet team and I would fire all of them if I had any say in this matter. When the vehicle was delivered there was not one dent or scratch. We won't return they have no respect for customers property.
4	This may be one of my new favorite hotels to visit now I signed up for the Grazie players card so i'll need to gamble here a bit as well now lol. The casino itself is very nice. I haven't tried any of the eating places but i know it will be way beyond my budget lol. I'll be back though
4	A high class hotel for a no class dude like me, brilliant!  Some shit's gonna happen at the Venitian for sure. Romance, bromance I'm here to partaaay baby.Whats not to like about the Venetian?   This is a pretty nice place to stay, large room, comfy king sized bed, great view.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=yaywR9H7TN7JqScOd9At3A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=i_SDI_K3dXeeJJXUYpEbSw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6Ey9K83HdWY52cuKhwVmAQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=QeSM4LwVrjXo2fjxTJ8xLA#QeSM4LwVrjXo2fjxTJ8xLAGreat Arthttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LaeVhFt-ZgPDqIgFFi7psA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gkapUUsZcBa_cA7S6xHYng&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=kYsz2dVvhQcGqazhFyqIYQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=wyv2Dxrn-YsmCxg9LRa-2Q#wyv2Dxrn-YsmCxg9LRa-2QDaVinci Exhibithttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=-LF4Djs7NPuei6D1B0vgPQ#-LF4Djs7NPuei6D1B0vgPQCool Shopshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=DU07DEVVg6MtuAKb0rkx9w#DU07DEVVg6MtuAKb0rkx9whttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=5POArqbDyMhWdHkYHypEuw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwGreat Foodhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lilGGLerloMXwscZ4D2TCg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iK0praadEO0s1HXWN_P5iA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_ncmx4f7Cpjk-12I0buXgQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwAnd Candy toohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/new-york-pretzel-at-the-venetian-las-vegas?select=Q95ZDTULScY4Fzwzxa0Lhg#Q95ZDTULScY4Fzwzxa0Lhghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=xINvFCQSpmZGffFpU0tEiQ#The Venetian is almost 5 ***** Star in my book but ...................The only thing wrong .... NO ICE or vending machines on the 11th  floor! WTF -1* StarI spent a several days here on a recent business trip. Company dime, hell yea!4 days no police, no ATF officers, no DEA, no FBI, not even a single meter maid, this place is boring. I'm going back downtown where shit happens and it don''t cost $10 bucks for a pack of smokes and nobody looks at ya funny for ordering a bottle  of Bud or for wearing a trucker hat and having a rebel flag tattoed on your neck. I miss Fremont street.
4	For some reason, the smell inside the Venetian always reminds me of Vegas...probably because I have stayed there so many times and it has to be one of my favorite hotels. I've gone a weekend where I never left the hotel because everything you could possibly want is there. First the rooms - large enough to fit 4-6 comfortably in the suite since the larger rooms will have 2 queen beds and sofa bed/couch in the living room area. Second, the restaurants - great selection of food for all budgets in mind. You can go from the high end to the average price to the food court and still be satisfied. The sports book is huge and right next to Noodle Asia, a more expensive asian cafe but the food is really good. The clubs - Tao and Tao beach. You can't go wrong going there on a Thursday-Saturday and going to the pool party during the summer. And then of course, the Canal shops...something for everyone as well if you want to spend the day shopping or just walking around. Definitely a hotel to stay in if you want the finer things that Vegas has to offer.
3	Beautiful hotel; however, customer service was sadly lacking, impersonal even.   The front desk seemed more interested in offering us an upgraded room for an additional $45.00 a day than welcoming us.  This theme resonated throughout our five day stay: house keeping woke us up at 8.30 every morning, never did get the refrigerator we were promised for our room, and so on.   Rumor has it the Wynn is more customer friendly.  I will give them my business next time.
4	What is it with Vegas suites not having locks on the bathroom doors? That is honestly the only real complaint I have. Otherwise, what a great hotel! One of the love and hate things about this place was the way to get to our suite. I think there were about 4 or 5 different ways and x amount of elevators so it was easy to get lost. I had to remember landmarks on where to turn in the halls just to make it back up to my room from the entrance. Pretty fun when you are mildly intoxicated. The room was lovely. Though, i thought the design was odd. Instead of having the beds at the far end of the room, the living room was? I felt like that didn't make any sense to because you would have to walk pass people sleeping to go sit. Maybe I think it should be the living area first then the beds? Just an idea. Oh yeah, a gang of shops and food areas all in the same building.
4	Stayed on a Monday night; floor was fairly vacant and quiet.  One big convention at hotel.  Guard checks your room key to get onto elevator.  Room: Bedroom area w/TV; living room area w/TV; bathroom w/TV!  Beautiful room and bathroom.  Really a suite.  Hard to find outlets for charging cell phone and light switches are hidden on wall on one side of bed.  Bed is really comfortable.  At check-in, they didn't mention the $20 resort fee (or the $2.40 tax on the resort fee!).  Unfortunate.  I learned that I get wi-fi for this, but not if I don't know it!!  Desk clerk immediately offered a room upgrade (extra charge).  I declined and my room was beautiful (no view).    Housekeeping knocks at 8:30 a.m. to see if they can clean the room.  In room snacks and mini bar items are on "scales"; if you remove one item, your room is automatically charged.Ate at Gran Lux; great food.  Hotel facilities are great.  Canal with gondolas are fantastic.  St. Mark's Square is magnificent.  Hotel is huge.  Easy to get lost.
3	First time in Vegas, was here for a work conference.  Total luxury, totally expensive.  Best hotel bed I've ever slept on.  Good LCD TVs.  No microwave, no coffee maker, no fridge unless you request one from housekeeping.  Depending on where your room is it can take FOREVER to get other parts of the hotel.  The Internet sucks, wired or wireless.  Everything costs extra and I mean EVERYTHING.  Plenty of food selections. Grand lux cafe is where I ate most of the time.  Mornings were frustrating because all I wanted was coffee and a bagel, but didn't feel like walking a marathon to the food court just to grab some quick food.  I could have ordered room service but then A coffee and bagel turn into a 13 dollar ordeal after tip.  By far the cleanest least smokey casino that I saw, but you better have some serious cash to play here.  Make sure you add 20.00$ to your roommate which gives you access to their gym and awful wifi.  I work out 5 days a week so my favorite part of my stay was by far the gym.  Awesome equipment.  I tried to go into the hot tub and water therapy area and couldn't unless "surprise" I paid ANOTHER 20.00 dollars. Ughh, like I said everything is extra. If an 80.00 a night Marriott can have free continental breakfast and a coffee maker in the room, why can't a 200.00$ a night hotel on the strip??
2	Hotel is nice but had a couple problems.  I booked a promotional reservation package back in July which came with specific discounts for me and my guest.  I had to change my reservation dates to the weekend of November 30th because my promotion package would expire at the end of 2012.   I called the hotel the week PRIOR to my November 30th reservation and they confirmed that I would receive specific discounts at check in.  When I checked in I was told the discounts were in the Winter in Venice booklet that the gave me.  Turned out that was not true.  I called reservations and they confirmed that my reservation did include other special discounts and I was to receive both the booklet and the discounts offered at the time I made my reservation but after 25 minutes of trying to figure out how to print the discount vouchers, they told me that the promotion had expired in October.   They offered me the Premier Winter in Venice booklet which I had to go down to the front desk to pick up.  I was told I could go to any desk so I didn't have to wait in line so I went to the VIP check in desk which no one was waiting and the person working the desk was extremely unfriendly and rude.  Also, when I checked in, they didn't tell me they were putting me in a handicap room.  It was very disappointing!!!  I called the hotel today to tell them how inconvenient it was and I was told that if I come back in the future they will make sure that doesn't happen again.I think for all the inconveniences, they should have offered more than what they are already paid to do.
5	The decor of my room was amazing!!!! we had a suite and another big room, forgot what its called but its not a normal room!The set up of the venetian is so beautiful! I love the design of the room.  brings you back in the days to an elegant prince/princess scene.  What I love is the window screen where you can adjust it from remote for the perfect lighting.  Bathroom is so nice!!!!! Such a nice hotel!
1	I will not stay here ever again!!! Aside from how much you spend on the rooms, when you book and confirm the total they give you will not be the total you have to pay upon checkout! Don't even think about using the fridge in your room as its full of mini bar items that if you even touch you will be charged for. They still tried to charge me for items that I wasn't even close to touching! The room had the most terrible view, the cleaning service was atrocious and on top of that they still over charged me for my room after I kept repeatedly calling to have them fix my bill! For all you pay for a suite here you could save your money and stay anywhere else and actually have a pleasant stay! Usually I stay at the Paris but wanted something special for my boyfriend's birthday...I will never abandon Paris again!
5	Absolutely loved it! Smelled clean--not like cigarette smoke!!  Immaculate !!  Friendly staff! Couldn't ask for more! Went here for our 10th wedding anniversary!  Romantic!- considering it was Vegas!   There is not one thing I did not like--wait, there was, that I did not win!!
5	Loved the decor at this casino.. Located off the strip. There indoor shopping area is by far the best visually.  Love the inside, cause everything looks so fancy smancy..
1	BED BUGS!  This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had.  Within a weekend at the Venetian, I got food poisoning from Sushi Samba and was so sick I had to take an ambulance to the hospital the first night and then I had bed bug bites prior to leaving.  Not only was it the worst Vegas experience ever, the hotel and restaurant staff totally disregarded the poor experience.  They had an excuse for everything.  I wish I could post a picture of the bed bug bites because you would not make a reservation here if you saw them!  Good luck if you choose to stay here.
4	nice hotel! we got a suite and it overlooked the Las Vegas strip.  the room was like a mini studio, which included a separate dining space.  definitely a killer deal!
2	Very nice room, great location on the strip, and lots of good dining and shopping options on the property.The customer service, however, was awful. They made two mistakes with our reservation, yet give ME attitude when I try to talk with their front desk staff about it. Seriously?! If a customer is trying to bring problems to your attention, having a condescending attitude is the wrong approach. No plans to stay here again.UPDATE: Found a band-aid stuck to the wall above some decorative trim today. It's above eye line so I can see housekeeping could miss seeing it, but still nasty.
5	If I could give this a 6 star rating I would.  I watched rates on Vegas hotels for months in anticipation of a romantic vacation with my boyfriend.  His stories of staying at Imperial Palace had me worried. As soon as the rates dropped to $109 a night for dates in March we booked our room immediately.   I'm so happy we did.  The room was AMAZ-ING.  We tried the $20 sandwich trick and it got us an upgrade to a view of the strip and late check out.  The basic room was huge, almost double what you get for the same price at some of the trendier hotels on the strip.  I was in love with the the size of the bathroom.   It was so nice having all that space to get ready together.  We both need plenty of time to get ready so it was nice that we could share the bathroom instead of taking turns.The hotel is huge.  You'll probably get lost at least once or twice  but after a day or two you'll figure it out.  The crowd is a little older,  th mahority of the guests are probably late 30's and up.   The smell is very strong but I like it.  It reminds me of my Dad or Grandpa's aftershave. For some reason it was really comforting returning to the hotel and smelling it at the end of a long night. I heard you can purchase the scent at the gift shop.  I'm going to have to look into this the next time I am in Vegas. I really enjoy staying at The Venetian.  It is definetly one of my favorites.  I have stayed here many times it has always been wonderful.  The staff is very friendly and the service is outstanding.  I reccommend this spot if you are looking for a place for a romantic vacation.  it also works well if you have a large group of people.  The rooms are big enough to share without feeling crowded.
3	I remember the days when Venetian was the newest thing on the Strip, a little Imagineering-esque take on Italy thrown into that tiny desert city we all love and/or hate.  It would be a long time before I got my first chance to stay there, and between the opening and that day a lot of other hotels were stood up.  Needless to say, I've been a bit spoiled by the more recent players in the suites-only hotel game and Venetian feels a bit old in comparison.  The actual property including the gaming, restaurants and venues are still top-notch.  I actually like the fakeness of it all, walking around the shops eating ice cream and watching people meander down the small indoor canals in the least romantic gondolas I've ever seen.  It may sound like I'm being sarcastic about liking it all, but as a person who loves theme parks, entertainment design and film, it is quite fun to walk through a place that doesn't feel like home.The rooms themselves feel a bit dated now with decor matching something from my parents' home rather than the bleeding edge of interior design trends.  Part of this is understandable to match the high-end but traditional sensibilities of old world Italian luxury, but that doesn't mean you can't update some of the lighting at least?  In the piazza suite we last had the warm, but very dim, lighting made the whole suite feel stuffy and a bit eerie.  I much prefer the smaller suites which never had that same feeling.  The bathrooms were impeccable and quite large, and the shower door never leaked gallons of water.  I hate having to walk through the a large part of the casino to get from the lobby to the guest elevators though. The Canyon Ranch Spa is definitely nice, but I still prefer the one at Caesar's.  The gym is pretty decently sized with a variety of machines and a large area devoted to cardio.  The pool area meets the same high standard set by the rest of the property.Overall I like the place and would stay again without hesitation, but it just doesn't wow me as much as some other properties around the Strip.
5	Is it possible to give more stars?!The Venetian was wonderful. We were there for a three day and two night stay. We arrived at 11am and they allowed us to check in early, especially after a long flight! They offered a free Winter in Venice passport where we used a lot of the coupons on dining and entertainment. We stayed in the Venezia tower which was Gorgeous. Room was spacious with additional living room area and couch sleeper in addition to a huge king sized bed. The shower and bathtub was amazing. Overall RIDICULOUS. There was just a spot-on imitation of Venice in the hotel. Free apple cider, the BEST blackjack dealers in the casino.They left us a voicemail after checking in to make sure we were fully accommodated. Also, we left some stuff in the room and they sent it to our listed address free of cost!So many perks to staying here including best dining and clubbing experiences. Always addressed formally and customer service was fantastic. FIVE STARS all the way!
5	Fantastic. Beautiful. Gorgeoue suites. Need I say more.
3	Parking for oversized vehicles.  Nuff said. A casino that smells like flowers,  AND an awesome taxi line security that will stand for NO taxi driver trying to cut the line.
5	Simply beautiful! Like a dream! So romantic!!!!I did not stay at The Venetian so this review is just on the experience of strolling through it. The Venetian is among the classiest strolls you can take in Las Vegas.To me it does not seem tacky like some of the other themed hotels. The gondolas are really cool and have singing gondoliers. Next time I would actually like to take a ride! Perhaps my favorite thing were the Carnavale performers. They can sing really well and are accompanied by other sorts of performers like jugglers!!!! Truly memorable!!!! They perform in a plaza next to the gondolas which gets packed.Other great aspects of The Venetian is the fact there is a great deal of variety in the food court and that the guest elevators are close to the parking lot. Best of all, it is hooked up to three fabulous malls!!!!
4	Gorgeous hotel and the check-in service was pleasant. I stayed in a suite with two beds and living room area. Very spacious and clean. Shopping is fab and food is delicious wherever you go here. My only complaint is that the hotel and casino is enormous and everything looks the same. It was a pain in the ass to find my room after drinking at Tao. At least the security was kind enough to help my sis when she got lost. No phone, no key. Haha
5	I never been to San Marco Italy.     But they say that when the  Venetian was almost about to open they delayed  it to the public because something was missing from the courtyard.  The missing thing was the constant breeze of air that flows by.   The Venetian is elegance for everyone to enjoy.
2	Debating one or two stars.   Totally screwed up our reservation, plus room was nasty  filthy (read biological stain on the couch) .   They are now so booked now they can't or won't  adequately resolve the issue.  The fact our group gambles heavily and generally is treated better just adds to the annoyance.  Reiterates why I stay at the encore or the four seasons and why I would recommend property loyalty and going with what you know.   Will survive the next week but won't gamble here b/c of the issues.
5	...Bouchon, Public House, the shopping, and the sports book - the best hotel in Vegas, imo.
5	This is a truly magical place that transforms you into a different era. From the winter in Venice parade they had for the winter to the gondola rides, opulent rooms with bathrooms I wish I could take home, the excellent apple cider served at check-in, the friendly service (even though wi-fi didnt work in our rooms there goes the resort fee we paid for), the sheer crazy number of dining options both in the hotel as well as the Grand Canal Shoppes. I wish I had more days to explre more - maybe next trip.
3	Beautiful hotel, spacious rooms and comfortable beds.  Details in the decor was spot on, you definitely feel like you are in the lap of luxury.  Lots of TVs in the room, automatic blinds and big comfortable couches.  Liked the vanity table with the lighted mirror in the bathroom.  Wonderful....Some misses on the hotel room- no coffee makers in the room, and the lighting was extremely dim throughout the room including the bathroom.  It was almost frustrating.The Wi-fi was free but horrible.  You could not keep a connection longer than 5 minutes.    Additionally, the room was not thoroughly cleaned when we checked in. The next day,  we went on a day excursion and returned to the hotel around 1 pm and the room still wasn't clean. Loved the shops, high quality restaurants and the over ambiance of the place.  Would stay again because it's a great value for what you get.  On the other hand, so many great hotels on the strip we may try another.
4	Great Hotel.  Always nice people and treat you like they need you.
1	I've been dreading this review because I just want to forget about my experience at this hotel.I'd give the room a -3 wifi didn't work and the head board was torn, no fridge, there is but if you move anything it charges you, cheap off brand toiletries and no coffee pot!? Even the days inn have those! cleanliness -3 had to wipe out the bathtub full of short curly black hairs before I could bathe. Picked a few off my socks too, casino-3 it was a maze to the desk, poker room- 3. my fiance played for hours and said he wouldn't play here again, too many weird rules. Customer service - negative 1000. I'll try to sum it up for the sake of myself and everyone reading this:Stayed here on Christmas Day, I'm content with 3 star hotels but for the holiday my fiance convinced me to for once treat ourselves to Venetian or Caesars. And we unfortunately pick this place. Room was decent enough (absolutely not worth price if you ask me) Had a good nights rest didn't hear any neighbors which I LOVED! Then we checked out and at this point I'd give an overall 4...Then the next evening I realized I forgot my brand new, got to wear it one damn time, $225 coat...I remember taking it off when we got in the room and leaving with a different coat on.I call the 27th (was in utah mountains so no reception until then) *Call lost and found leave a message. 20 mins later call back talk to a man. Writes down description. 30 mins- call back. Talk to a woman "no man back here or inquiry please describe the coat". describe it. Call back. No coat- I ask to speak to security. A male officer takes my info down does a "lost inquiry" tells me to call back tomorrow. *Next day- instead of calling I decide to go out of my way and go in.*Tell the woman at the desk my situation, she calls lost and found -nothing. "go to security". I go they have none of my inquiries and no coat. They send me to a manager back at the front...*I talk to Rhommel Berris, desk manager who tells me "nothing is found so therefore there is nothing I can do". I tell him exactly what time I came in and what I was wearing to check the cameras. He can't because surveillance is a different "entity". Bet if I took $225 from them it wouldn't be 5 secs later that I was caught and in handcuffs though.*He calls security, calls housekeeping- nothing. tells me "sorry if nothing is found there's nothing we can do" well obviously it wasn't found or I wouldn't have been wasting my time with you guys.Security comes and takes my THIRD lost inquiry report. Tells me "call back in 72 hours"On the phone for 45 mins and arguing with Rhommel for an hour and 15 mins and there was NOTHING they could do, I thought maybe they'd offer something, anything! But we ask "because of all of our time wasted could we at least get a lunch voucher" and Rhommel said "sorry unfortunately I can't do that" well Rhommel it doesn't seem like you can do much of anything. Losing the coat was my fault but my coat magically disappearing when I left the room and how unprofessional they were is theirs. I will never again stay here and EVERYONE who's mentioned Vegas in the past week I obviously tell them to avoid it. I advise anyone who for whatever reason decides to stay don't leave anything behind, I've read other reviews of things going missing after they've left for the day and housekeeping has been in.This place is super unorganized and it was an expensive, annoying lesson learned.
3	I was nervous about picking such a large hotel for our place to stay.    I waffled between Four Seasons and Venetian, however, the attractive price of Venetian and their large room sizes won me over.   When we first walked into the hotel, I saw that the check-in line was about long as the check-in line at O'Hare airport for UAL!   However, I was pleasantly surprised that the line went SUPER fast -- which was managed by a hotel personnel -- and we were checked in promptly and courteously.   (If only airport lines went this quickly!)  My next fear was how long it was going to take our luggage to come to our room.  Again, to my pleasant surprise, our luggage came within 15 minutes of checking into our room.  During our 2 day stay, the only complaint that I had was a wobbly toilet lever (which was still functional), the mistaken mini-fridge charges (which they took off promptly) and weird Chinese brand of toiletries.  Car was pulled out of valet quickly.    Calls to front desk and valet were picked up quickly.  WiFi was great and I had no connectivity problem.  (I used WiFi to stream a bunch of work related videos).    We loved BOUCHON for breakfast, B&B, and the shopping!!.    We also loved the comfy couch in the room.  We also went to bunch of other hotels which made me appreciate the cleanliness and upscale quality of Venetian.     Even with all of the choices, we would probably come back to this hotel if we ever returned to Las Vegas.
4	One of my favorite hotels and best casinos in Las Vegas.Great dining options, I'm always coming back to Bouchon and Taqueria C.Lots of variants how to entertain yourself and it doesn't mean to run all over Vegas - everything is situated here - from wax museum till Gondola rides and unforgettible shopping facilities.Our room was beautiful! Suite, it has a bedroom and living room, a very large bathroom with a glass shower, double sinks.The bathroom has a corner mirror, which is very convenient and appreciate the girls to try on dresses!The hotel itself is built in the form of small streets of Venice, with cafes, beautiful views from the windows, boats, and ride them guests at the beautiful songs of gondoliersI'm looking forward to the time when I can get back here!
5	WOW! This place has a RIVER in it....I felt like I was in Venice, Italy. Trust me, it looks VERY similar. They even have the boatmen with uhhh boats!. And there is a cheesecake factory here #Winning. The ceiling is painted with clouds so it feels like you're outside. There is cobblestone so ladies don't wear heels. There are various shows throughout the casino for free so if you want to kill time or have a great time, come here.
5	It's beautiful.  Have never stayed at this hotel but the boat thing and the whole you're inside but feel like you're outside thing is just amazing.  Really wanted to get in one of those Venice style boats but the lines were too long.  Next time will just make a reservation.Had some great shops inside.
5	My wife and I have stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo many times and love both resorts. We have stayed at almost every property on the Strip and continually return to the V/P and will probably continue to do so. We like the choice of restaurants, the shopping and the casino. I do think the machines are on the tight side but do like their poker room. All in all, Top Notch.
5	My Vegas stay was absolutely perfect - mainly because I stayed at the Venetian.  I was in town for work and was by myself, so I really didn't get out and do much.  This makes the hotel you are staying at that much more important.  I've stayed at three different hotels in Vegas now and I can honestly say the Venetian was the best of all three - it was like heaven!When I walked into the suite I was so impressed, I thought they gave me a free upgrade.  There was a sunken living room and three flat screen TV's - all for one person.  It turns out all of their rooms are mini suites like this.Wi-Fi worked flawlessly and there was a good selection of restaurants within the hotel.To sum it up in one word - SUPERB!
4	One of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Clean and the suites are spacious. Plus their rewards program (Grazie) gives back more than any other that I've seen.
4	Love this place. Love the feel to it and love the boat ride through the joint. They did a good job making u feel like ur somewhere else
4	I love, love, love coming here to The Grand Canal Shoppes. Of course there are some shops that are pricey however the canal and the ambiance makes me feel like I'm in Italy. I love just walking through, so pretty!
3	We never got a chance to stay here because the Venetian would not work with us and they kept our deposit.  The story goes like this.  Due to security delays at the airport we did not make our flight and could not get on a flight that day so our trip was canceled.  We called the Venetian immediately to make them aware of this and they told me that the deposit was non-refundable.  We were told that we needed to give a CC to hold the deposit for another time and we would be charged an additional $50.00.  We agreed to do this but when we called to schedule our next trip we were told our deposit had expired ... so my wife and I are out a couple of hundred and the Venetian keeps our money and does not provide anything for the money.  Very disappointing.Addendum - After complaining/negotiating with corporate, the Venetian decided to honor our request and use the prepaid deposit.  We stayed on a Sunday night in July and had a very nice time.  The hotel is very nice and we enjoyed the pools and gambling.  If the price is right we would probably return.
4	The Venetian is a truly beautiful property, imitating what you might see in Venice. The interior is nicely decorated, and the lobby is magnificent. The marble columns and floors add a nice touch.The casino is not as well ventilated as other casinos, and it is more cramped, but as I am not too keen on gambling, this doesn't factor into my rating and didn't bother me very much except for when walking in or out of the hotel. The rooms are also very nice. The living room and bathroom are both spacious, but it is the bathroom that is the best part about the room. Every part of the bathroom is magnificent - the marble, the mirrors, the TV, the tub, the shower, etc. I really enjoyed my stay here.The only con is that you have to pay a resort fee of about $25/night for amenities like the gym and Wifi, but the Internet doesn't work very well and can be extremely slow at times. Also, I think it would be nicer if the hotel were a little more south of its current location as walking to other hotels of interest (Caesars Palace, Paris, etc) can seem like quite the trek. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend the Venetian and would stay there again.
3	The Venetian is huge especially after adding the Palazzo next door.  I am sort of reminded of my previous visits to Venice in a sort of tacky way but whatever, it's still nice.The rooms are great since I believe they are all suites (all the rooms that I have stayed at were suites).  I have also spent a lot of time at Tao and Lavo and those are pretty cool clubs.
5	Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous! The only negative is finding the room. It's like a maze, but worth staying.
4	Though not as updated and spotless as the Palazzo, the Venetian is still a top-notch hotel will great suites and super-friendly service. I stayed there three nights for a business trip last week and had no complaints. My room was spacious, clean and beyond comfortable.  I must admit it's becoming one of my favorite venues in Vegas - I always win on the slots here, there's lots of good restaurants and it's connected to The Sands Expo - definitely a convenient place to stay for tradeshows and the like.
5	Stayed here last year for the first time and I've been ruined from staying anywhere else in Vegas. What a deal - I paid less than $200 for a suite (well, all the rooms are suites, but still). The room was big and I felt like a princess in their fancy bathroom equipped with a mini tv and vanity. Actually, I felt pretty spoiled having 3 tvs all to myself. My last night here I ordered room service and sat in my little dining area watching a movie - no better way to end my business trip! The staff is so friendly. As soon as I checked in, I got amazing service from them. The bell hop was really nice and helpful answering all my questions and giving me suggestions as well. The restaurant choices within the hotel were great as well. Only drawback is that you are further from the "heart" of the strip here and it's a bit of a walk. But still worth it to stay here and I would again!
3	My Spanish is very basic. The maid knocked on the door and gave me a dirty look. I was waiting for the bell boy to get our bags. she said something in spanish and i asked "what?" She didnt answer and then all she said was "Seven" in English.Overall, the stay was fine. The maid ticked me off and I don't ever treat Service personnel badly because that's how I put myself through college, and I know what how it feels, but her dirty look and attitude overtook my usual considerate nature. I think I was more offended because it was not my fault. The bellboy took 45 minutes to get to the room!!!
5	So many favorites for me in Las Vegas and Venetian is one of them.My visits at the Venetian went in stages throughout the years. First it was about gambling, then it was hotel stays when I was visiting, followed by a great poker room, and now just to check out their exhibits.  After all these years, I still love the Venetian.  Been a year since I stayed here and the rooms are very nice, clean, and spacious.  Comparing their average rooms against Mandalay's, Venetian wins hands down.  Another thing about the Venetian hotel is their check in and check out.  For a strip casino, the process is usually quick and painless here. The Venetian also has Tao (which I haven't been to in 3+ years), the wax museum, and exhibits (recently the Da Vinci). Still one of the cleanest hotels/casinos that you'll find in Las Vegas with one of the best poker rooms.  I'm not saying easy games, just tons of action. Also not trying to tap the aquarium here, but the players here are pretty damn good.  Because of that, there's also a lot of action and if you play your cards right, you can have a big night.  When I have time off or a bunch of hours to spare, I will come out and play a little. I still recommend the Venetian to both locals and visitors.  My only issue is that I tend to get lost here regardless of how many times I've been here.  They're always adding something, taking something out, changing some of the decor, and even closing escalators & elevators down.  Yes, I get confused when I come here and when you have a little liquid courage in you, it's even worse.  Don't know how many times I'm trying to get to my car and end up at the Palazzo.  It's more than enough.
2	We'd book our rooms @the palazzo and an hour before check in rooms were still not ready. We then were offers rooms @ the venetians...rooms were gorgeous, but the hotel layout made it very hard to find your room...another negative to the rooms were that there were NO locks are the bathroom doors or the separate toilet room...made it very uncomfortable when sharing room.   At the rate of 239 before tax and resort fees. Late checkout wasn't even available, not even an hour!!!!! Definitely will not be staying there again!!!
5	Probably the BEST hotel in Vegas. I have stayed here several times, and it's been awesome every single time. Everything was top notch from the valet to check in to the rooms to the casino, shopping and restaurants. LOVE LOVE LOVE The Venetian- will definitely be back!
5	Review only for its casino area not for hotel stay.CLEAN.Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean.SO clean. Everything is clean.The casino and resort is super clean. Every time I pass by this casino and resort, some staff are either cleaning the doors or windows or glasses. Super clean everywhere. They even clean out the bottom corner of an entrance wall to a restaurant. I was amazed. I have never seen any other casino/resort that I have visited nearby has done so much to clean around. I was pretty impressed.I love the Venetian and its theme and setup. It makes you feel like you are in Europe, not so much in America anymore. I liked it. Tips:The boat ride is around $18-20 per person for 10 to 15 minutes without counting tips. The Madame Tussauds located outside the Venetian costs about $15 - $20. Retail is around $25. Half price tix is $18 per person.There are live performances inside the venetian (I don't know the name of that central space area) a couple of times throughout the day. The actors often engage the audience so it is a lot of fun.To go to Tao Beach, I recommend arriving early. Because you have to check in with a table first to make sure your name is on the list, then you all go wait in the second line before the elevator. Then they let some people in the elevator one at a time. Then once you are upstairs, you wait in another line to go in. Then after that, there was a final line to go into the actual Tao Beach. Tons of lines and the towels run out really fast so get there super early in the morning.
5	I love this place!  from the poker room to the hotel!
3	Ask for the newer tower if you want to be in the action. Go fo the older one if you want quiet....and a walk....
4	Handicapables:LONG distances from hotel areas to parking lot, casino and restaurants.  Asthmatics, there are non-smoking areas to the casino.
5	The hotel was beautiful and it was so clean!  The casino floor was nice, the staff were friendly, and my room was huge!  The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my life!  Totally worth every penny.
5	Shopping and water canal. Super cool!!
1	Given the loathsome politics of Sheldon Anderson, I refuse to stay or gamble at this casino...but, dear lord, I can't come to Vegas without eating breakfast at Bouchon or experiencing the majesty of a copy of Shakespeare's second folio at Bauman's Rare Books.Perhaps I'm a hypocrite.  Perhaps one negative review of this place doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.Regardless.... if you care about such things, visitors really need to consider what will be done with the money you spend here.
5	One of the cleanest and largest hotels I've ever stayed at. The architecture and decor is impeccable. Coming from someone who has spent days touring the real Venice,  this hotel did an amazing job recreating the famous sites and landmarks. I took a backdrop photi of the actual tower at st.marks square and the one in vegas, and they are incomparable.The casino floor has all the major games, a pretty packed poker room, tons of shoppes and restaurants, and the staff has some kind of scent/perfume constantly blowing through the main areas that has a nice tranquil effect.
5	Love the hotel ...!!!! And everything in it!!!!
3	We didn't stay at the Venetian, but wandered down here to see the show "Rock of Ages".  Just a couple of comments to the folks at the Venetian:1.  Public House has been a restaurant/pub in your hotel for over a year now....could you please add them to your arrowed signage? We seriously had to ask two different employees for it....and we're pretty good with our way around in Vegas.2.  After the show, we headed to the cab line to head to another part of town.  It would be awesome if your guests didn't have to hear your "cab getter, door opener" guy cursing at the cab drivers.  As we come out, the "CG,DO" guy is screaming "Just shut the f*** up and stay there!" to a cab in line.  Real professional, Venetian.
2	The casino itself is nice, but why the need to pump so much scent in, yes it has gotten better (before the change to the new scent I couldn't step foot in the place without getting a migraine ) but now the new one just gives me a screaming headache. So be warned, if you are touchy when it comes to scents skip this place.
5	Stunning! I didn't stay at the Venetian, but was my favorite hotel/casino to visit while in Vegas. Everything was spotlessly clean and made to perfection. It was a great replica of Venice! I could not believe the work & detail that went into making such a great hotel. You can take a gondola ride indoors or outdoors. It is a little cheesy and only a 10 min ride, but it's fun to do. They have performers in their St. Mark's Square and shops all along the Grand Canal. Even the dining options are extensive! We grabbed a quick bite in the food court in the casino, which wasn't bad. We ate at TAO one night, which was delicious. It connects to the Palazzo, which was just as nice. The ceilings are beautifully painted & should definitely be a stop on everyone's agenda. The location is near everything on the Strip & I would definitely stay there my next time in Vegas.
5	I loved the Venetian, Last time I came to Vegas, I stayed at MGM, but I told myself Im staying at The Venetian next time I come. and I did.Its top of line everything.Its not cheap of course but you get what you pay for.If I ever come back to Vegas ( which I doubt I ever will )  will definitely stay here again.
4	I hadn't stayed at a Vegas hotel since I was 17 so I had nothing to compare this to. It's nice but over the top, which I assume all Vegas hotels are. They play up the theme throughout.We got to Vegas early in the morning and were able to pay $75 for an early check-in which got us into our room immediately. Ripoff, yes, but what isn't in Vegas? I was glad we didn't have to wait all day.The rooms are huge and clean. We had a king bed with a TV. A small living room with a TV. A huge bathroom with tub, shower, two sinks, a toilet closet, and yes, a TV.The hotel is connected to the Palazzo by tons of luxury shops and the fake canals. They are so silly to look at, but it's fun to walk through "Venice."One thing to note--the towels are horrible! The "bathrobe" was literally so hard it hurt my skin. I took it off immediately. It felt like a towel that had been sprayed with gallons of starch. The bath towels were slightly better--at least usable. Still, for a hotel that's as nice as this, I expected more.Would go back to the Venetian again.
5	this casino is beautiful. From the 16th chapel at the front entrance to the gondola boat ride this place is a piece of Italy in the middle of Vegas. Loved the layout of the shopping area and we were able to walk over to Madam T's wax museum as well. Would love to stay here one day and see what the rooms look like.
4	Great place to unwind and relax. Usually, we end up leaving our hotel property and checking out Vegas. Not this time. The Venetian held our interest with great food, nice pools, friendly staff and plenty to do. Our rooms were incredible and furnished with great amenities - electronic shades, plush seating, couches, huge bathroom and a comfy bed. What else do you need. A tip - don't touch the honor bar - it is monitored by weight.
4	Great rooms, great shopping, friendly staff, amazing clubs - i would definitely stay at this hotel again because everything you need is within the walls! make sure you check for deals and steals because the rooms can get pretty pricey. But if you can swing it, this is the ideal location to stay for big groups. If you can get adjoining rooms - all the better!!
4	Splendide hotel, les chambres sont magnifiques et le rapport qualite / prix est vraiment top !
5	What can I say this hotel is just beautiful. This is about the penny slot machines. So we walk in and sit down as soon as we sit the lady comes and ask what we wanted to drink and gave us cards to get a free t-shirt (which we forgot to get because I was hungry, LOL ). Then hubby puts a $1 in the slot machine and on the third pull I'm not kidding what do you know he hits $120 on a penny machine really after only spending 3 cents. More spending money for us . Had a great time !
4	Cool place to visit if you're a tourist.You will probably be doing a lot of window shopping because everything is ultra high-end here.Bring your camera, take pictures, and only shop if you hit the jackpot.
4	Arrived on a Friday morning, July 6, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!)This was actually my third stay here (this time for a bachelor party), and I'm a fan.  Being older than its sister hotel, Palazzo, deals can be easily found for stays here.  I believe it's all suites, and they are spacious enough to accomodate a group of 5, maybe 6 if you get a pull-out bed (there is a couch in em, but I don't recall it pulling out).I'm a huge proponent of staying at a hotel within walking distance of your main clubbing/drinking spot.  So, if you plan to party at TAO or Lavo, stay here!  The pool isn't as poppin as, say, Cosmo, but it's nice enough.For late night eats, check out Grand Lux Cafe (a slightly more upscale Cheesecake Factory), esp if you don't want the night to end by hit up other drunk, fiending club-goers.
5	I just love the Venetian / Palazzo!  Kid friendly!!  The rooms are huge, there are so many dining options between the Palazzo and Venetian.  I stay here 3-4 times a year with my young children.  It's the only high class casino / hotel that I've found in Vegas that has enough features to keep my kids happy.  When you stay at the Venetian you have full access to everything at the Palazzo.Keeping the kids happy.....-Huge rooms!-Great private pool area in the Venetian towers with regular pools and large heated pools.  You don't have to take the kids to the party pools.  Very relaxed and great for the kids.-Grand Canal Shops, different performers and artists all day long....really keeps the kids entertained!-Gondola rides!-Easy relaxed breakfast in the Venetian casual dining area-TI pirate show is right across the street-The fashion mall is right across the streetKeeping Mom and Dad happy.....-Huge rooms!-The largest poker room in Vegas..tons of action!-Tao nightclub-SushiSamba...if you love food and want to experience a unique and delicious meal, go here!-Bouchon!-Social House....incredible beer selection!-Easy Valet at either hotelI've stayed here (Venetian / Palazzo) so many times over the past 10 years or so, I've had a few unpleasant experiences and mistakes but all the great experiences I've had here far out-way the couple of times I was disappointed.  At the end of the day it's a hotel, humans work there, and humans will make mistakes or be in a bad mood.  Any issue I have ever had has always been remedied with a smile.Thanks Palazzo / Venetian!
3	Overdone but purty.
5	I've stayed in the bella suites a few times now and I've never had a bad experience.  The rooms are completely spacious and clean which was great for the bachelorette parties that I threw.  Also, the beds were totally comfy.  Plenty of bathroom space and mirrors for us ladies to get ready in front of.  Highly recommended for bachelorette parties!
4	DATE: Saturday, Jul 9, 2011 - Monday, Jul 11, 2011ROOM TYPE: Luxury Suite (renovated room)LENGTH OF STAY: 2 nightsRATE: $145.27/night after taxes @ hotwire.com___________________________________:::: [ THE HOTEL ] ::::The most basic room, the "Luxury Suite," is equipped with:               - Spacious rooms.               - Separate bed & sunken living room.               - Three LCD televisions.               - Dining table.               - Updated interior. (Tasteful blend of classic w/modern touches.)               - Large tub.               - Plenty of seating areas/hosting space.               - Dual sinks in the bathroom.               - Separate tub & shower.               - Great water pressure.               - Remote-controlled shades and black-out drapes.               - Scanner/printer/copier/fax machine w/USB in all rooms.               - Plenty of power outlets.               - Lots of storage space.___________________________________:::: [ THE CASINO & REST OF THE PLACE ] ::::               - Lots of blackjack & poker machines for the n00bs.               - Konami slot machines               - Premium liquor available upon request.               - Huge variety of games.               - Lots of restaurants for a wide range of budgets..               - If you haven't been/aren't going to go to Italy........ gondola rides?               - If you're a camera whore, there are lots of areas for decent shots.
4	Such a beautiful hotel, one my Top 5 picks for Vegas! Luxury Suite is the way to go! Huge room, great for partying =) affordable rates under $200 a night. Elegant restaurant with delicious Italian cuisine, and if you win some money might as well find some babe and ride the Gondola.  Totally a seal the deal move!
3	Good things about this casino are bright, tall ceilings and have TAO!
4	Threw my 31st birthday party here and it was amazing.  Our suite was roughly 1500 sq/ft.  Enough to rock 27 of my friends.  Hotel is beautiful.  While some things can be updated, its a nice hotel to stay in.
5	You should always stop in if you have the chance... I spent over a month in Italy and when walking down the hallways I really felt like I was in Venice! Gelato, shops, the art, and even the flowers hanging from the windows were the same! There is even stores that will give you champagne while you shop. However, their customer service in some of their dinners and eating places are not up to par with Italy customer service. We went to a nice place to eat dinner and the people that worked there did not even acknowledge us when we entered or left... Really?? But other than that it was amazing!
3	This place...took all of our money...stay away from the Casino. These dealers are ruthless!!! Go to Bellagio or MGM instead!Just kidding, but I mean they are ruthless and did take all of our money. Inside decor is great, lots of great shops that are too expensive for the 99% of people. 99% of shops in there are also empty of shoppers. This is just a good place to window shop or look at the decor and architecture.
2	The Venetian is like a dirty hippie who doesn't realize that rubbing herself with patchouli is not a reasonable substitute for a shower.Rather than invest in decent ventilation or just let the smoke smell linger on it's own, the Venetian pumps cheap perfume throughout the hotel and casino, which is entirely headache-inducing, and does nothing to actually cover the smoke.  In short, it only makes things worse.Everyone seemed so pleased to learn that I would be staying here, but it was quite the disappointment. I'll give you the rundown:1. The above-mentioned toxic fumes.2. We arrived to visibly broken furniture in our room that we had to call down about.  Housekeeping had been in there, so there was no way it went unnoticed, just unreported or unfixed.3.There was a pile of room service dishes sitting in the hallway when we checked in at 1:30 that were still there when I called and begged them to take care of at 4:30 the next day! People had been tripping over them and subsequently spreading them around the hallway.   4. The housekeeper left a dirty rubber glove in the middle of our bathroom, long pieces of string in two different parts of the room, and tried to come in and clean our room before 8:30 in the morning.The accommodations were otherwise adequate, but for the ratings and cost of this place, I expect a certain level of basic sanitation.  Otherwise, the concierge who took good care of us.(Note, I wrote this in 2010, and just discovered that it was unpublished, so who knows if it's still true.)
4	The last time I stayed there from 3/9-3/12 was disappointing/inconvenient as the type of room I had booked and prepaid for (King, non-smoking) was no longer available.  I was offered 2 Queens non-smoking or 1 King smoking.  I chose the 2 queens.  I was so looking forward to a bath and the room I discovered (after stepping into the bathroom) was a wheelchair accessible room!  No tub and a shower curtain for shower that was rather small.  I was not informed of this at check-in.  I called the front desk immediately and they were going to try and move me into another room the next day therefore I could not unpack and I had to wait for their call the next morning to make arrangements for them to move me.  This would have been avoided had they told me up front.Note - the Venetian is my favorite hotel to stay in LV.  The spa is absolute heaven and the restuarants are very good.  The location is central to everything on the strip and walking distance from many sites and the fashion mall.I just wish they would have given me the room I had paid for and if not be more informative of the details of the room (considering this hotel is rather on the pricey side).
5	If you don't like the Venetian... there is just something wrong with you.  What a gorgeous facility where ever you go here.  The detail work they spent building this place is just out of this world; from hand painted ceilings, indoor gondola ride, 5 star shopping. Love it!
5	I went to the Venetian for my first stay in Vegas. This was the ultimate couples hotel/resort, but then again, I didn't try any of the other places. (but seriously, this one did it for me- hands down) I loved the Venetian!We got to the hotel at about 11pm at night. The place was buzzing with people and it was surprising to see how many people were arriving just at 11pm. The front foyer of the hotel is absolutely beautiful and clean. Another plus: you can't smell the stale scent of cigs and carpet cleaner from the front desk. So we checked in then we went up to our room.The casino does smell funky, but you really can't smell it past the elevators. The horrible smell does not travel far. We got to our room and I was so happy. We had a standard room with a king-sized bed, but for a standard room, it was HUGE! (and absolutely gorgeous). Marble floors in the bathroom, his/her sinks, deep soaker tub, stand-up shower, separate toilet room, vanity, gigantic bed, recessed living room with an l-shaped couch... just way too much to mention. My view wasn't great, but honestly, I didn't care when I could sit on the windowsill and just stare at my room. It was ahhhhhhhhhhhmazing.The place was just so nice and clean. The bed was beyond comfortable. There was a little ottoman-looking thing at the foot of the bed. I don't know... just too many things that made me happy. I did NOT want to leave!I also got a chance to swim in the pool. It was really nice and very clean. Lots of seating and it had great sun exposure since it was on the roof. Will be my go-to hotel in Vegas!
4	Stayed here with my family a while back. The standard rooms are by far the most spacious of any other major hotel in vegas. The bathrooms are very nice, but I remembered that they do not lock (which may or may not have changed since I've been). The simulated outdoor mall is very cool if you have never been!
4	Very nice room, pleasantly surprised when we arrived.
4	This hotel is gorgeous. I love that they made it look like Italy with the buildings and the piazza. The gondolas were fun and I like that the painted sky was believable. There was a statuesque person posing in the piazza that looked like a real statue. And we had fun shopping there. All-in-all a good hotel to swing by when in Vegas. :)
5	High end property that makes you feel like a king. Staff was fantastic, accommodations were top notch and the food was out of this world. I can not wait to go back.
2	I stayed at the Palazzo but accidentally checked in at the Venetian. The lady that checked me in was very rude and talk down to me. Every question I asked she acted like I was burdening her. She then gave me directions to the Venetian side and we carried our luggage all the way to the 18th floor not realizing we had to go to the 18th floor of the Palazzo. She checked me in, she should have directed metro the palazzo. The Palazzo hotel was great.
1	so let me start off by saying that i was in vegas for the weekend for my sisters bachorlette party, we just came from arizona to vegas and we get into a suite where the phone doesnt work, the handle of the bathroom was off, the tv didnt work, and the customer service sucked ASSwe complained so much that they finally changed suites on us, and we got the same one but it actually worked, and then the spacing was weird. we went down to the grand lux cafe and my friend ordered a salad. she was eating it and halfway through the salad, she found a fly, she showed it the the manager and he was offering stuff for her, she ended up getting the soup, and the whole meal wasnt comp.then the next day we wanted to go eat and we left our car to valet the day we checked in, and we saw them drive off with it, and then they told us that our car stopped working and they didnt take it out the area.... they told us this a DAY later, like seriously? they didnt even notify us! what happens when you checkout and they are like oh sorry your car doesnt work. what the heck do you do then? oh and then we went to another cafe place and the rude ass lady was like uhm we are closing in 30 minutes. so? we just want a bite and eat! and she was just giving us attitude, and ughh...frustrating weekend at the venetian...it sucks butt, dont even bother going there unless you are going to shop or club at tao. this only deserve one star because it provided air conditioning in the 108 degree weather of vegas
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas! Generously huge suites and awesome ambiance inside.
4	Now this is a hotel I wished I had slept in! We had dinner here one night, and although the portions were small and overpriced (no surprise), they were very good. We also enjoyed looking down below at the people on the gondola rides, and the general atmosphere of Venice was great.
1	Reserved the room for our honeymoon from Sunday to Friday two months in advance.  I called to confirm the reservation the day of arrival and requested a bottle of champagne for the room. Was told they couldn't do that, would have to check in first. On arrival we upgraded for our stay. Again asked about getting a bottle of champagne for the room (kind of ruined the surprise, since it was in front of my bride. was told there is one in the ice box in the room that I can charge to the room (not the same). Although the Venetian is beautiful, while walking around kept getting approached by barkers, "Hey, where you from"?, are you going to see any shows? what kind of phone do you have? You won!, come and get your free prize...after you sit through a time share program. Felt like I was in a flea market. On Monday we made an appointment at the spa for Tuesday. They took a imprint of my credit card to reserve the time slot. Monday night my bride found out that they run a special starting Tuesday. when we went to our appointment she requested the special rate. Was told that they couldn't do that because the way the computer works, ended up paying the full rate. Never will I stay there again, as a guest of this establishment I didn't feel welcomed nor appreciated for my patronage.
5	5 star hotel - deserves 5 stars. Worth the price. The bathroom is simply amazing. The rooms are huge. Three TVs (one in bathroom!) - just simply perfect. Best hotel in Vegas.
5	I love everything about the Venetian.  From the wonderful exciting casino to the flashy shopping mall to the comfortable suite rooms.  When I'm in Vegas you will find me here at the Venetian.  First of all they have the best card tables in the city.  The slots are pretty loose as well so you can have alot of fun for a long time if you play right.  The dealers are handsome and friendly but do not talk too much and distract you.  The beautiful shopping mall is surrounded by real Venetian water canals with boats and costumed opera singers floating you and your friends away from here.  The rooms in the hotel are the best in town with all of the amen ties you could want or need.  I just want to say that when you are looking for me in Vegas, you will find me here at the Venetian Resort Hotel Casino.
5	Nicer than Ritz I've stayed in. Only negative - it's huge so there is a very real chance you will walk 10 mins walking to your room. Once you get there, it's very elegant, but you might walk up a sweat.
5	I stayed at the Ventian a couple of weeks ago and was blown away. The rooms were amazing. Since they are suites, each room is decked to the nines. The bed was huge and comfortable, there was a shower and a tub. (The shower didn't have that weak sprinkle that most hotels have). Everything about it was just amazing. I was actually worried too because one of the things I hate about vegas is the smoke n the casinos and the hotels. I was pleasantly surprised when I got there that it wasn't bothering me at all. There is no way to avoid the smoke in the casinos, but even then it wasn't killing me. Their high ceilings and ventilation made it so much better than other hotels I have stayed in. But as for the rooms, I thought they were very clean and not smokey. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to vegas. You could get a cheaper hotel and hang out with all the idiotic spring breakers, but I would rather stay in a MUCH nicer hotel and enjoy the clientele. It made the experience so much better.
5	AWESOME hotel!  All the rooms are suites with cool sunken living rooms, the staff was attentive and kind, the restaurants are AMAZING, the spa was incredibly luxurious - and I actually felt like I got value for my money!  I've stayed in 7 other hotels in Vegas - and this was by far my favorite!  LOVED IT.
5	The Venetian, like the Bellagio and Caesars are my highlights and must sees every time we go to Vegas.No, it looks nothing like Venice but who cares?It's Vegas and for that as good as it gets!It's always clean and well kept with so much to see everywhere you look.Ride an overpriced gondola through a faux, overly chlorinated river while a non italian is serenading you and everyone is staring and taking pictures, an experience you'll never forget.Fabulous shopping, dining, bars and clubs, a must see when in Vegas!
1	Not friendly staff, very overpriced rooms, no view, lousy maid service, and worst was the smell of recycled smokey air from the casino in our room!!!
2	Fairly priced, but EVERYTHING is an add-on expense.  We were meeting friends from across the country that we hadn't seen in years and when we booked the rooms we were told that we could get rooms close by.  Turns out, there's a $15 a night fee for that.  Then, we asked that the mini-fridge be emptied of it's contents (it's stuffed full of juice, beer, liquor) so that we could use it for leftovers.  Since everything is based on weight in the fridge, if you lift something up you have to pay for it.  The front desk told us they could not do that but they could give us another mini-fridge for $50 a day!  So don't believe the ad when it says that it comes with a fridge.  They said that they couldn't empty the fridge we had because then they could not sell all that beer, etc.  However, they don't replace it all between guests and nothing in there HAS to be refrigerated so I'm not sure why that would be.  Oh, and don't just login to the internet in your room without thinking, because that's $17 per person who logs in PER DAY!  Seems like a good value for being on the strip and being a nice room...but think again.
3	Holy crap, getting to our room at the Venezia tower was like playing the elevator round of Donkey Kong!  Okay...First of all, we had two reservations at the newer Palazzo, adjoining rooms.  When we got to the Palazzo, after 15 minutes of back and forth, there was nothing available... even though we arrived around 3pm.  They put us in the holdover Venetian, which is a long walk away. We walked all the way over there (had to later move the car as well), our room was 5-430.  Now, where would you start your search for the room?  Probably in the tower, 1-6, right?  WRONG.  We went up the 1-6 tower, no rooms with that number.  We asked a cleaning lady, couldn't understand her, went back down (after the huge wait for the elevator, due to the pool being right below).  We found a security guy, he told us that we need to take the 17-26 elevator... but, to floor 10...!?  Floor 10 on a 17-26 elevator while looking for floor 5.  That sure makes sense.So, low and behold, on the elevator, there IS a secret floor 10, then floors 17-26.  We got there, then asked one of the guards where to go next.  Over the skybridge!  Woo hoo... more walking.  We go over the skybridge, then what?  THEN... there is an elevator to floor five.I mean, come the eff on.  That's just stupid.  The rooms there are nice and there is great artwork but this is just ridiculously poorly-planned.  Having just experienced that elevator hell, I saw an equally lost Russian couple, speaking no English... I "Charaded" to them to follow me and I showed them the below-listed tip...*** TIP!!!  I later discovered the "secret" to a slightly less dreadful sequence of elevators to get in and out, while staying in the Venezia tower.  Right next to the check-in, there is an elevator down with a hallway to the right... go up that elevator to the 2nd level (there are only two options).  Then, you walk down a super long hallway but then there's the elevator to all of the floors.  In my case, I pressed five and there it was... no secret floor 10, no skybridge, etc.Still, the rooms here are always top notch the and service is impeccable.
4	This place is sooooo nice! the shows within the hotel was great! the shopping, the restuarants! the "boat" rides were ok....in theory it's good and romantic...in reality after you got on the boat....it's ok...
3	This is a review of the casino.  I play craps and I'm used to the cocktail waitresses coming around often and remembering my drink order.I played for two hours and the waitress couldn't seem to remember to bring me a rum and coke.  Later in the evening, we ordered drinks at the bar and it took forever to be helped even though the bar wasn't busy.The rooms are nice, but I agree with other reviewers, the Venezia tower rooms are hard to get to.
5	This place is incredible.Spent a wonderful night at The Venetian this weekend.As we were checking in, we were offered an upgrade to a Piazza Suit so we took it.... This room was AMAZING!!! It had a beautiful marble foyer with a powder room right by the door. As you stepped further in, there was a wet bar and a full size dinning table! Walking further into the living space was an office and a large living room. The room was very large, with a vanity and walk in closet, and the master bathroom was really big, all marble with a jetted bathtub and separate shower, and a separate water room. Oh yeah! And double sinks!!!!I honestly didn't want to leave....... So comfortable!!!We were able to entertain our almost 20 other friends before going out that night. There was space for everyone, it was absolutely perfect.We did have a bit of an issue with room service, which I thought I'd bring up. The Venetian is so amazing, this issue wouldn't affect the 5 star rating, but any other Hotel that pulled this, wouldn't get so lucky.We ordered room service once we got back to the room at 2ish am. They told us it wouldn't take no longer than 45 minutes. My boyfriend wakes me up at 4:30 am, on the phone with room service because the food never made it to the room. The worst part out of this whole experience is the worker that we had to interact with. She was rude, had an attitude and had absolutely no idea how to help us, she was not willing to even figure out what happened to our food, or what 50% off 75 dollars is. We ended up without our room service, slept half of the night uncomfortable with the lights on waiting for them, and were absolutely starving which doesn't exactly help the sleeping situation. Aside from the room service, this place is worth every penny, it is gorgeous, comfortable and a great hotel to stay at when you are visiting Vegas. We will definitely be back
5	Chilling in the sports book this set up is an awesome way to watch the games. Big screen HD to the max. Smoke free and the cool atmosphere of the Venetian.
4	I have stayed at the Venetian quite a few times. That always seems to be the 'Go to' that my friends like to stay at. (E.G. two bachelorette parties that I attended this past year, we roomed here, and a birthday party not long ago). I don't know why, I personally don't have a preference for staying here, when it's just my significant other and I.Anywho, I have a big knack for their "Grand Lux Cafe." it's really good and is the same chain as Cheesecake Factory. I find it convenient since it is opened 24 hours a day and the food is pretty good. Also, the decor at this hotel is pretty nice. Other than that, I don't have a major need to stay here.
5	In a town with gluttony every ten feet, you feel like everything you pay for is overrated. However, this is the one occasion where I felt paying extra was worth it! My review is based on actually staying here overnight. I've never stayed at The Venetian before, so it was an extra special treat to get a room here for my recent birthday (thanks Priceline for the discount!). Anywho, from the get go, this place screams "we'll do our best to make you visit enjoyable." From the concierge checking us in and wishing me a happy birthday to staff just simply holding a door for you, they pay attention when I came for a visit.We got a standard room with a King bed. I must be an idiot because I didn't know for this resort's standards, a regular room was almost double the sizes of studios I've had during college! Love that there's a separate "living room" type area that me and the mister took advantaged of and watched some good ol' TV before the bday festivities. The bathrooms are above and beyond spacious for two people. And the king bed...sigh,  I need to figure out how to have our own king bed and home feel like a fluffy marshmallow one here at the Venetian.Room comes with amenities ranging from an office set up to the overpriced booze and snacks in-room. My only qualm was that there was no coffee maker in the rooms. Check-in's a breeze if you beat the rush of visitors by noon and express checkout is easy. All in all, this place is definitely worth the splurge!!!!
3	Stayed last week for 5 days and my only complaint is the bed. Now days later my neck and back are still in pain. Bed is super hard and not comfortable. The pillows are worse...old and soft. Besides that the room is was super nice with living room and three TVs including one the bathroom. There is also a huge bathtub which is cool; however wish it was a jet tub. In conclusion, I expected more in the bed from a posh hotel.
4	I have a mental list of hotels I'd like to stay at while in Las Vegas...check this one off the list, and I must say I'll recommend it to anyone traveling out there.We checked in late as our flight got in at 6pm.  Brandi greeted us upon arrival...everything ran smooth at check in, we even got our Bella suite with requested sleeper sofa.  She gave us a map of the place explaining where things were (as I told her I've definitely got lost wandering around in there before) and we were on our way... One thing I didn't think we needed was the resort fee, though the people I traveled with wanted it and a PLUS is that it was optional...some hotels don't give you an option of purchasing it.Our room was FABULOUS!!! The ONLY problem I had was that all of the outlets in the bathroom didn't work...For a moment I thought my Chi Iron was broken till I tried an outlet outside the bathroom.  I didn't inform the hotel because there were working outlets in the room so it wasn't much of an inconvienience.  The room also had THREE TVs!!!!  Luxury for sure...As for other things in this hotel they have something for everyone...The Bourbon Room for some crazy karaoke craziness, great restaurants, the Palazzo attached to it, and no shortage of stores or places to eat on a budget.I wish the weather was warmer to take more advantage of the pool, but I did go out there - all of the staff I encountered were friendly.  The security is also good as they do check if you have a room key upon entering the elevators.  Our last dinner was at Lavo in the Palazzo - OMG AMAZING!!!!!Our last morning we had breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe...our server was fabulous, she even gave us extra coffee to go after partaking in the breakfast buffet.  One of my favorite things about this place even just visiting the casino...the SMELL!!!! I wish I could bottle that smell up and take it home with me!!!
2	Really gorgeous rooms, great bathrooms...even if we did find a (new!) condom hidden under the telephone. I guess some poor guy didn't get as lucky as he hoped. I agree with most of the reviews that the maid service is generally on the piss-poor side--very inconsistent cleaning times, almost never taking away old dishes in the hall, unfriendly attitude, etc.The customer service is really the problem here. This place is obviously just too massive for anyone to really give a damn. We had to call downstairs for extra sheets for the sofa, and had to call back twice because it took close to 2 hours. We called to get a fridge (they charge) and that took hours, too.Worst of all, like SO MANY reviewers on her, my friend accidentally left her $400 Stuart Weitzman boots in the room...gone, gone, gone. (She had even left a huge tip for the cleaning crew, so oh well.) Based on the other reviews here, I seriously doubt they even HAVE a lost and found. The number of reviews where valuables are **actively stolen while people are simply out of the room**, however, is a huge red flag. I think there is a safe in the closet, but that's hardly comforting.The shopping is great here, the faux-Venice canals are fun, the casino is pretty great (I'm not a huge casino person but I thought it was fun)--but yes, the drink service is ABYSMALLY slow in the casino. Sort of pointless really. The pool is also nice, but due to where it is placed, it never received any sun and I honestly don't think it does any time of year. Kind of baffling. The 2 spas are pretty nice, it was just a shame when they were overridden by fratty punks.Vegas has a near-daunting amount of choices, why settle for a place that has these kinds of problems when there are so many BETTER places?
5	I took my wife here for our anniversary and we had a wonderful experience. We have stayed in many 4 and 5 star resorts but the Venetian is as good as it gets. We had never stayed here before but we are no strangers to the Vegas strip and all the trappings of the Vegas lifestyles. The Venetian offers a real first class experience from the stunning architecture to the first class service we received from every Venetian employee we met. The place reeks with beauty and quality, from the entrance to the hallways, and the rooms, everything is stunning. Our suite was gorgeous and we slept in one of the most comfortable beds ever! I want one of those beds! We had a view of the strip and could see the volcanoe show from our 12th floor room. We had 3 flat screen tv's marble and granite everywhere, a soaker tub and a shower big enough for four. The furnishings were top notch and our suite had a large living room with huge windows overlooking the strip. I could go on forever but it truly was amazing. I'd recommend the Venezia tower with its private pool area, the other tower might be great but I haven't stayed in it. The staff was very polite and professional and were always there to help us out. We stayed three nights and never had any issues with housekeeping. When you check in dont hesitate to ask if there are any complimentary upgrades available, a well placed twenty with your ID and credit card will help. If they cannot accommodate you they will return the twenty. Good luck and enjoy!
5	Over the years I have stayed in half a dozen places on the strip (Luxor, Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Venetian) and The Venetian is my favorite.  Gorgeous casino, beautiful welcoming lobby, the rooms are fantastic, the gym is overly spacious and we were extremely impressed with room service!  We opt not to have our room serviced by housekeeping, so I can not speak for that.Centrally located on the strip, you can get just many places by walking.  I highly recommend The Venetian for your next trip to Vegas!
4	Beautiful is the best word to describe the Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino.I toured the Venetian on two occasions while I was visiting Las Vegas. The Venetian is a really nice hotel and casino. I'm a fan of the decor in the hotel .I appreciated the vintage appeal. The high ceilings and creative paintings are priceless. The hotel was clean and well maintained. The gondola in front of the hotel makes you feel like you're back in Venice, Italy. Riding the gondola is a great date night idea. I think the Venetian is one of the more romantic hotels in Las Vegas. The Venetian is located within walking distance of most things on the strip. I definitely will be staying at the Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino on my next visit to Las Vegas.
4	One of my all-time favorite casinos. Great poker room with lots of tables. Circle bar is great for when AVN is in town. Decent rooms (I like the modern flavors better).The suites have a two-level setup. When you first walk in there is a very large bathroom. Then there are the beds before you walk down a few steps to the living area. Some suites open out into a private pool area.There is a really large and luxurious bathroom area with a walk-in closet and gorgeously decorated. The rooms have a very Italian decorating style (who would have thought?). You are in the middle of everything when you stay here. When you walk down to the main floors the casino is right there, poker room, several bars, restaurants, and the entrance to one of the malls. It is a great, centrally located place to get moving to anywhere. This is one of the things I love most about this hotel is that you feel like you are in the middle of everything. While it is a great hotel, personally, I prefer a more modern style so hotels like vDara and Aria are more appealing to me.
5	Absolutely beautiful room, beautiful hotel, amazing customer service. A+++
5	The only place I stay at when I am in Las Vegas. From your check in to your stay to your check out, everyone makes you feel welcomed at like you are VIP. The rooms are clean and elegant. The bed is so comfortable. The air is fresh. I highly suggest the Venetian Resort Las Vegas for your vacation stay!
5	This is the only place you want to stay while in Vegas.  Great service, a plethora of restaurants, shops and ohhhh did I mention the huge casino?  One tip, call the hotel and ask for better rates.  Online the rate was 179.99 and we booked a huge room for 129.99.
5	I find this hotel so entertaining! Perfect mix of cheesy vegas flash and subtle luxury.funny that one of my favorite things in this hotel is the Pizza from the food court off the casino. It is delicious. DELICIOUS. I'd come just for a couple of slices.The rooms here are all suites and have HUGE spaces. I LOVE the rooms! VERY cozy and gaudy.
5	Have loved the Venetian for many years now, stayed here at least 4 times.  It's certainly not the newest place on the Strip, but it has a good casino, the best poker room in town, and a bunch of great places to eat.  Also, Venetian has nice casual options such as Grand Lux (the best 24 hour coffee shop in Vegas) or Public House in addition to the expensive places.  There is a requisite food court, and choices on the canal shops.  Lots of dining options, and some excellent ones at that.The rooms are larger than typical, with the sunk in living area and large couches.  You can easily sleep another person on the couch.  My buddies and I have done that on more than one occasion.  The staff is excellent, and the front desk works people through in very quick fashion during busy times.  The location is solid as well, right across from Mirage, near Caesars, and if you want to gamble lower, a short walk to Harrah's and other places that generally have cheaper gambling.  Highly recommend the Venetian.
4	...
5	Wow! I've never stayed in such luxury before. When the shower had jets out of the wall you know you've hit gold! Rooms were very grand. DO NOT OPEN the mini bar or they'll charge your room whether you take anything or not. Plenty of eateries with in the Resort complex. Grand Lux was a favorite.
3	This was our second stay at the Venetian.  Last visit, the reception was outstanding.  This time, I think the lady who greeted us couldn't of cared any less.  A room mix-up on check in and they wanted to charge ME an extra 50 bucks.  Then we were very surprise to find hair (lots of it) in the shower and someones garbage in the trash bin.  Come on guys.  You can do better.
5	What can one say about the Venetian? Well it's stunning and massive. lol Definitely massive! Be prepared to wear comfortable shoes and you may need a gps to find your room. It took us 4 days to get it right and no alcohol was involved either. The staff polishes the floors of this mega structure every single night. It's really unbelievably beautiful and a must try.
5	I loved this hotel when we stayed here i would say it is by far one of the Best hotels to stay when you go to Las Vegas in the Strip. It is gorgeous if i used one word to describe it, the decor is awesome, i love all the vintage appeal, the high ceilings, all the beautiful and creative paintings are to be admired and are a work of art. The hotel is immaculate and very well maintained. This hotel will make you feel like you are back in Venice, Italy. You must ride the gondola which will give you a glimpse of how true Italians live. Their rooms are very spacious and clean.  You are close to the Palazzo Hotel also so in the casino you might get a little confused once your walking all through it. Plenty of restaurants to enjoy and shopping all around so this is a great place to stay i highly recommend it.
5	I love Venetian hotel and recommend it highly . Beautiful, spacious rooms with extremely comfortable beds , room service is on time, food taste great, many great restaurants and an amazing spa . Did I mention shopping? All kids of stores, connected to Palazzo hotel that has more shopping . St. Marks square has Italian singers and amazing gelato .
4	Does another Memorial Day have to be another drive to the coast or the mountains? Do we really have to, yet again, find an ocean side city or a bay to to enjoy an urban weekend? I struggled for weeks because I just couldn't deal with driving 10 miles an hour in a 45 or 55 MPH zone behind cyclists riding three across on a state highway. I couldn't imagine trying to enjoy a walk while bicycles fly by me at 20 MPH. What to do? I've always been contemptuous of Las Vegas, But I'm also sick of coming home after a weekend away more stressed than when I left because of speeding up and slowing down for bicycles, rounding a curve and slamming on my brakes for cyclists riding two or three across,  and getting flipped off half the time. I opened my mind and accepted the Venetian as an alternative. After several visits for conferences or meetings, I knew that the canal was a pleasant place to enjoy a walk and stop for dinner, so I took the plunge and did something different. It was the best move I've ever made. After just an evening I realized just how much having to dealing with bicycles everywhere else degrades the experience and the general quality of life. Yes, Las Vegas is a manufactured environment, but it's a GOOD manufactured environment. For the first time in a long time I feel completely relaxed after a weekend away.
4	Vegas in your 30s just isn't the same. Nothing makes you feel more stodgy, tired and old when you're just trying to get to the lobby gift shop for toothpaste at 10am in stretchy pants and glasses and end up stuck in an elevator with a pack of fresh, svelte 20 year olds on their way to the pool. Sigh.Anyway.The Venetian is really great for groups, particularly since adjoining rooms can be requested to create one big giant slumber party. The suites come with a pull-out sofa so 2 beds easily convert to 3! Only extra pillows and blankets from housekeeping are needed to turn the sofabed into a nice, comfy lazy-place. We packed 8 people in 2 rooms rather easily considering we're a bunch of high maintenance, space mongering bitches lugging around a ton of crap in giant suitcases. And there's so much going on in here that its not really necessary to leave the hotel.Protip : You can actually opt out of the resort fee to save $20/night and bet it on black instead!
2	Below par for an upper-end hotelMy wife and I stayed for the long Memorial Day weekend.  Great lobby and nice hotel staff got things off to a fun start.  They have a nice selection of good restaurants, the pool area is not a large pool where people are trying to hook up, and the rooms are grand.A few things that really knocked our experience down from where it should have been.  First, when we got to our room, something smelled funny.  I finally tracked it down to some leftovers a previous guest had left in the fridge.  And by leftovers, I mean stink wad of mold-covered something.  I called down, the guest desk apologized meekly, and they sent someone to pick it up from the spot I put it outside our door.  Next, we were originally booked at the Palazzo.  They asked if we would move to the Venetian and I said sure to be nice. The room was still fine, but the bellhops had a bad attitude about having to make the trip.  One asked if we'd just pull our car around to the Venetian so he wouldn't have to walk so far.  I told him no thank you and that the hotel asked us to work with them.  He didn't complain any more, but the damage was done.  Last, when I checked us out at the desk, there was a bill for dinner at the Grand Lux Cafe and about nine beers on our folio.  Problem was the dinner charges were while were were eating with our families elsewhere in the hotel.  And neither my wife nor I drink.  I told them it could theoretically have been my 5-year old, but she never smelled like beer and it's hard to imagine her picking up a drinking habit so early in life. The charges were reversed.  Still, one doesn't expect those kinds of shocks at a hotel the caliber of The Venetian/The Palazzo.Again, it is generally a very nice hotel that just misses on its execution.  Oh, and the pervasive cigarette smoke made us yearn for Denver or San Diego.  Not the hotel's fault on that though, and we ended up making rounds in th Canal Shops and Forum Shops a lot to avoid the smoking.My wife and I agreed we would probably try the place again if there were a deal, but will otherwise look at Bellagio, Wynn, or the like, next time we visit Vegas.
5	I stayed in Venetian twice already and do not see any reasons to look for a different hotel when in Vegas. The atmosphere is amazingly romantic, the location is great, the rooms are awesome. Can not ask for more. I do not gamble, but the casino seems to be newer and cleaner than many others I had to pass by. I love everything about this place, they always have deals online, so you can stay there for ridiculously low prices. Last time we went there ( three of us ) I got a carnevale package for $660 for two nights, including three round trip direct flights, a suite with two queen beds and a bunch of " half off" and "free" coupons. I don't think any other 5star hotel can beat that price! Oh, and don't miss the pool in Palazzo, do yourself a favor and allow half an hour of your time to relax and feel that atmosphere of Italy.
4	3 times we got checked in to a room where:1.There were still guests checked in the room (awkward!)2. A luggage bag was left placed on top of the bed (scary, what if there's a bomb inside of that bag)3. Room looked like it had been passed by a tornado. Matress with no sheet leaning against the wall, broken fridge right by the door, magazines on the floor, and so on....They were nice to make up for the mix ups though and gave us rooms with view. =) sweeet!And for these, minus 1 star making it 4 stars. =)
4	Spectacular all suite rooms - the living room area is as big as mine at home.  Rooms was completely clean and well appointed - maid service was very nice and hospitable as I had to work at the desk one time.Very secure, had security guards as the bottom for the elevators - need a key to get past the guards - not sure if that means extra secure, or means there is a need there for more security....All in all a pleasant stay - friendly staff, great rooms and easy to use.
4	i've been here many times and I've always had a good time. Me and my peoples we always stay at the same room. they got the electronic dice game here its pretty fun. The suites are pretty nice and are at a good price. I wish they would have more suite options for some non gamblers. unfortunately I dont gamble here enough to get the good rooms. it may be a while before we stay at the venetian again because we are venturing off to try other suites. But I have nothing bad to say about this place at all.. Overall good place to eat, party, swim and sleep.
5	This hotel quickly became a favorite of mine in Vegas. Went there for a quick weekend getaway to celebrate the GF's Birthday and a surprise her with a proposal, (she said yes, BTW!). We stayed at a Luxury Suite, which had a sunken living/dining/office room, 3 TV's (including the Bathroom), very comfortable bed, and remote controlled blackout curtains. The rooms are so spacious, luxurious and comfortable, especially the bathrooms.The pool area was beautiful, with quite a few people gathered to enjoy the 109 degree weather and enjoy a great lunch at the poolside cafe.As it's the standard in hotels located on the Vegas Strip, getting from your car to your room takes a little while, this whole resort is huge, and you have plenty of options for dining, shopping or just finding something fun to do. But once you're in your room, there's absolute peace and quiet to relax after a fun day (or night) of gambling, partying or just touring Vegas.All this comes at a price, there is a +-$20 per day resort fee, on top of the already high prices. However, you can find great deals if you book well in advance. I absolutely recommend this hotel.
4	I stay here all the time when I go to Las Vegas, and the service has always been over the top! The rooms are beautiful and the pools are honestly my favorite in Vegas! However, my last visit for my Bachelorette party did not go as expected one night. The security guard brutally screamed at my fiance for him saying "hold on dude" while reaching for his room key. His name is Preston. He got in my fiances face and was pretty much bad mouthing him, my fiance just stood there apolagizing while I had to push off this security gaurd.  I went to the front desk and you can't file a complaint there only by the security center. Which was inconvenient and ruined my fiances night...They need to work on their system a little bit better on disrespectful employees. However, overall its a beautiful hotel, very clean and perfect spot on the strip.
4	The suite was comfortable, great TV's and bed, could use a paint job as the banister was peeling. Room service was fabulous both food and service. Pool area was beautiful but disappointed with not opening until 9 (which was 9:05) tons of people waiting. The sundry area for lotion didn't open until 10:45 and you could not get food service at your chair. You might want to consider as there are many other hotels to choose from.
5	Enjoyed my stay at the Venetian. nice and clean room. Pool was clean as well & the personnel were friendly.
5	If you are coming to Las Vegas this place is fantastic.  Suite with 3 TVs ( living room, by the bed and in the bathroom.  Wonderful deep large soaking tub along with a separate shower.  Bathroom even has a vanity with great make-up mirror.  Drapes open and shut with a remote.  Great room service with ability to order on-line.  Bed is very comfortable.   The whole facility would be perfect if it was smoke free.  Due to asthma - could not go to the casino.
5	The location is close to the end of all the action but the rooms and service are TOP notch,Big rooms comfortable plus you can checkout fashion show mall
4	I have been fortunate enough to be able to stay at this property many times in the past couple of yrs because of my job. And this property along with the Palazzo is one of my favorite hotels on the strip.All the rooms here are like suites; even the smallest/cheapest room has a sleeping area & a living room area. So the rooms are spacious.The beds used to be harder but I think they recently put in new toppers so the beds are extremely comfortable. The restroom space is huge also! There's two sinks, a bath tub, a standing shower, a small tv hanging on the ceiling/wall & the toilet is in a small room on it's own. The best part about this restroom is the beauty counter! You can sit down when you put your makeup on.The livingroom area includes a large Lshaped couch that can sleep two people, a round dining table with 3seats, and an office table. They also have a fax/copier by the office table so it's nice for those who are there to work; you can print materials in your room or send out faxes.The hotel itself has a lot of restaurants & retail stores. You don't really have to leave the hotel, you can get everything there!I also love their pool area, it's very large/spacious so it never feels too crowded.
4	just stunning to walk through!  and gotta love the wax museum... $30 entrance fee.
2	too many people. line to register was way too long.I hate Las Vegas.I stayed here because I went to Zion National Park.
5	Pros-The suite has a roomy luxurious feel, with a european decor-In-suite dining was delicious and beautifully presented-The hotel in general is clean and full of life-Free wi-fi! Great reception in the whole hotelCons-Pullout bed is shit. You can feel the springs and you don't even get a blanket, only a thin sheet of linen...-Room service: it took 4 phone calls and over an hour to receive some pillowsOverallA lovely hotel with some small negative factors. RECOMMEND:)
5	I've stayed in quite a few hotels in Vegas and this one is by far the best. First off the prices for the suites are very reasonable. The cost is just barely higher than a crappy room elsewhere so why not shell out the extra for an AMAZING experience. The hotel is beautiful and the casino is huge. The rooms were giant probably the size of a small apartment. The beds were big enough to fit two people very comfortably. I remember wishing I could lay in those beds forever. The staff was so helpful andything we needed at anytime.. they were up at our room within 5 minutes. Literally ANYTHING you need they will bring you. The bakery downstairs is also one of the best in California if you haven't been. The bathroom was my favorite! All marble everything and more than enough room for 4 girls to get ready comfortably! The all glass shower was beautiful as well.. and you can watch tv while in the bathroom. I loved this place and when it's not a holiday the rooms are very affordable. Like I said, I have been to a good handful of the hotels and this one takes the cake!
5	My favorite hotel on Vegas!  It makes you feel like you are in the middle of Italy!
3	I won't comment on the hotel since we stayed next door at The Palazzo, except to reiterate that it captures none of the feel or charms of Venice and is just a fancy mall.I did however use the pool cabana on the Venetian side. The Palazzo pool is where all the families go. The Venetian is where the TAO beach club happens during the day. Since we were there with a bachelorette party we opted for the Venetian.So why get a cabana you may ask? You don't need one but it's nice for special occasions. The weekend we were there it was 110 deg during the day. There isn't much shade by the pool. That makes sense since people want to lie out in the sun but I couldn't take more than half an hour of the sun and even then sweat was pouring down my face. The only way to cool off is to go inside, go into the pool or into your cabana. Since we were there with a group of girls with varying desires to tan the cabana was perfect. Half of us took turns outside in the loungers while others hid out inside the cabana which is shaded with curtains to keep in the lovely cool air from the a/c unit. Yes, only in vegas can you get a poolside cabana with an a/c unit, mini fridge and tv. The hostess came by every 20 minutes or so to see if we needed anything. You can order food from the pool deck restaurant and have it delivered. In our case we brought a grocery bag full of snacks and also our own liquor. I'm not sure if it's technically allowed by they didn't say anything. Without the cabana we wouldn't have been able to spend the afternoon together by the pool as I'm sure some would get overheated and tired and end up leaving. This way we were able to hang out and do "bachelorette" things. If I was there with a smaller group of people I probably wouldn't bother with a cabana at $500 for the afternoon (you must checkin at 10 AM and the cabana officially holds just 8 people).The pool is nice though it's really for standing around and drinking. It's only 3 ft deep and gets crowded so you can't really lie around (no floaties anyways) or play in it. If you have a drink you need to stay within arms length of the pool edge. The lifeguards spent most of their time whistling at people trying go escape with their drinks.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for the weekend. It was beautiful. The suite was huge and the bed very comfy. The staff was so friendly and willing to accommodate. The minute we pulled up, they were opening our doors and welcoming us with smiles and eagerness. When we checked in, our room was upgraded. Yes the "sandwich" really works. The grounds of the hotel are amazing. I was dazzled around every corner. So much to see.We had dinner one night ad Dal Toro (in Palazzo). The meal was great & our server was prompt and willing to answer all questions; even ones that did not pertain to the Venetian or Palazzo.The pool was not that great but I was impressed with the towel service and clean up in the area. The landscape was lush.Would I stay here again??.... most definitely!!!
4	So this was my first time, in a very long time, that I've stayed at the Venetian hotel.  My friends apparantly got a great deal via Priceline, and since I was the 5th person to jump in on the trip, the split after 5 people was not bad...$80 for 2 nights.First ImpressionsAs one of Vegas' best resorts on the strips, I was impressed with the grounds, and the layout of the casino area, but in all honesty, I wasn't impressed with the layout and the floorplan of the hotel side.  It was ridiculously confusing to get to the room, almost as if you're trying to get thru a maze, with two different elevators, and what not.  It simply wasn't cut to the chase--and yes, I did get used to it after a while, but getting to the room was just overall confusing.The RoomThe room was absolutely beautiful--lots of space, two flat screens, comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms with granite counter tops, big tub, and separate area for the toilet.  Very clean, and spacious.ServiceService was 7/10.  Why? Well, for the most part, the staff was great--top notch and efficient, and no problems, but where I ran into problems was with the bell service.It's ridiculously hot in Vegas, yet at the same time, the waiting area is outside, and so there's a crowd of people waiting for their bags to be brought up, and the service was quite inefficient.  Just as an advice, give yourself a good 1/2 hr to 45 minutes if you plan to request for your bags to be brought up to the valet area, since there's a long wait.  Don't plan yourself 10 minutes before, with an hour before to head back to McCarren. OverallWas satisfied, though in my book, the Bellagio still beats the Venetian in a lot of areas--the location of the Venetian, being on the north end, makes it hard to trek your way to the center/south end.  Overall Grade:   B+/A-
5	Love this swanky casino, I want to save up to spend a few days here next time. It's in the middle of all the action, lots of excitement, it's clean and doesn't reek of cigarette smoke.
5	I just got back from Vegas and stayed and married at The Venetian!!  What a hotel, the room was fantastic.  The bed was comfortable and clean.  The gold couch was great to lounge on after an afternoon at the pool.  I would stay again!!!I got married at this hotel and the service was out of this world!  Brandy was our wedding planner and she was very professional, kind, and helpful.  She helped me get in touch with the woman who ironed my wedding dress and my hair/makeup girls.  The ceremony was more than I could have dreamed of with a gorgeous wedding chapel.  We had the best photographer (Matthew) and had a lot of fun walking the grounds with him.  Our pictures came out gorgeous.I will be sure to stay at this resort again!
4	Friends were staying here over EDC weekend... They had a fabulous suite that included two beds and couches and a niiiice bathroom! The beds were comfortable as HELL and the couch wasn't bad either! And when we ran out of towels, housekeeping brought us some more STAT. I'd love to unofficially stay here again sometime!
4	My room (sort of a mini-suite) in the Venezia tower was very nice, and the pool in that tower was my favorite in the sprawling complex. The two other towers were the Palazzo (higher end shops in that one) and the Venetian (canal, gondola rides). The casinos smelled better than in most hotels on the strip. All of the decor was nice. The walk to the meeting rooms from Venezia was very long, but at least the check in lady warned me, so I didn't mind. The restaurants are overpriced, but that's everywhere on the strip. The shops are the same I can find at home, so I wasn't excited about them. The main pool complex needs more shade in my opinion. I strongly disliked the Azure and Tao private pools' booming sound systems - I can't imagine relaxing in either, though the music itself was good enough. I hated the Azure gimmick of saying you had a free admission with a pass, but not telling you that just to sit down inside, there's a $100 minimum drink order. ($400 for daybeds) They don't even allow outside water bottles, though I imagine that's because some folks smuggle booze that way. I found the attitude over the top and decided not to go in. I've seen the photos on the web, and the pool doesn't look like anything special. Based on overhearing others, I think they jack the drink prices up a TON - like $250 for a bottle of champagne.  That sounds high to me, but I don't drink alcohol, so what do I know. Not my scene.
5	The best hotel in Vegas, and the only place I stay.Rooms are suits, yes a little pricy... But if you look for specials and call them on their off season, you would be surprised at the deals they'll give you!Luxurious, clean, sexy, and worth every penny. Is convenient because you can fit 4 people comfortably in their standard rooms.They have the best restaurants in the hotel. The staff is very accommodating-- for people who think otherwise, you just need to ask for what you want, push for it, and you get it. They always put the customers needs first.I like this casino particularly because of the lighting. All the other casinos lights are too dim. Overall, the best hotel experience in Vegas... And I've tried a good amount to be 100% certain of that.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Venetian for our first trip to Vegas recently. In researching the best places to stay, I wanted a really nice room and decor, and reasonably priced... on the Strip. The Venetian seemed to be the best choice. We bought our airline and room on Expedia (5 days/4 nights from DC for about $1700).The Venetian seemed to be like a fantasy to me. Really beautiful. We didn't get to ride the gondolas but I wish we had. They looked cool.ROOM: We stayed in the luxury suite. It was really nice. Comfortable bed, living room with sectional couch/sofa, 2 sink bathroom with tub and shower separate. A television in front of the bed, in the living room, and even in the bathroom. Remote-controlled shades.. awesome. Pure luxury. The only thing I didn't like was that the wi-fi wasn't free but I heard that's how it is with most of the Vegas resorts.CASINO: This was our first time at a casino. In comparing it to the other casinos on the Strip, I liked the Venetian. We stayed at the slots mostly. Be prepared to come away smelling like smoke. But I think that's how it is with most of the casinos.SERVICE: Customer service was excellent. Everyone was nice and professional. The concierge was able to answer any question I had about how to get to places, walking vs. cab.SHOPS: They were okay. Nothing like at the Bellagio or Wynn. The Venetian is right next to a Walgreens... and Sephora.EATING: Make sure to eat at Bouchon. We had brunch there. Delicious. The other cheap restaurants were okay. I wish they had more variety. We didn't eat at any of the other restaurants because they didn't have great Yelp reviews.I highly recommend staying here! If you plan to bring your children, this would be a good place (however, I don't understand why anyone would bring their children to Vegas).
4	Decided to give Venetian another chance. I was invited back and this time, I requested not to stay in the Venezia tower. At check in, I requested an upgrade. I was offered the Rialto suite (supposedly 1100sqft) for a small price. I decided that this was a special occasion so I bit. Here is my review.Service: I thought overall, very good. We had the bell guy bring up our luggage. They called to make sure that they had the correct number of pieces. We requested extra towels and blankets and that was brought up in a reasonable amount of time.Room: One of the biggest pro with this room was its location. We stayed in room 11-102. Short trip up and right next to the elevator. Quite a change from having to walk miles before getting to your room. However, I was a tad underwhelmed with the room itself. It is supposedly 1100sqft but feels smaller. Much of the extra space was used for the foyer and bathroom. We supposedly was getting a great view, it turned out to be a view of the pool area. The room was recently renovated so it looked fresh and new. The beds were very comfy. Bathroom was well appointed. It is a nice room but I would probably not pay for the upgrade in the future.Amenities: Did not use the pool area. Also, I appreciated the opportunity to decline the resort fee ($25 for wifi and fitness room use, among other things). Lots of restaurants to choose from.All in all, a better experience than the previous. Great hotel that you can stay in without leaving.
4	Oh Venetian... We've had a lot of good memories since you've opened- escapades at Tao and V Bar. Fun times at the convention. Meeting interesting people at the pools. Good eats at Delmonico, Bouchon, Grand Lux... Even the food court! Yummy gelato :) I know the interior design might not be for everyone, but if you studied European culture, you'll appreciate it! This hotel is on the more expensive side, but for the amount of space you get- I think it's worth it.I am a fan of this hotel because A) ginormous rooms B) plenty of restaurants to choose from C) old world charm D) good ventilation system in the casinoAll rooms have the sunken living area which has two sofas- one of which is a pull out bed. TV's can be found in 3 places- in front of the bed, in the living space AND sometimes in the bathrooms! You have to pay an extra fee to use their gym, which is almost like a full blown gym i. Around $30/day, free if you pay for a service at the spa.
2	The evening pool which was very ornate looking, was littered with little kids who had inflatables. Then a mom and her diapered babyTalk about deflating your well planned trip, not to mention babies and kids stay free. As a child free person, I was offended. I found no all adult hotels in Vegas The Venetian has dumbed down or they offered FAMILY PLANS
4	This Casino was cool.  We also ate here.  It was good food.   There are so many casinos, it is hard to pick out differences.  This statue of the ROCK out front was a cool photo op.Also if you sign up for their players club, you get a free T-shirt.  Free is good!
1	We checked in and headed up to our room. Upon opening the blinds we had a view of construction, and a dead animal carcass. I immediately contacted the concierge to request a room change. I was waiting on hold for a long time. My husband went down to the lobby, while I waited on hold, to see if he could get better results going to the front desk. I remained on hold. I spoke with 2 different managers that were extremely rude, and told me that they had no available rooms to change me to. They didn't care about anything I had to say, and basically it was too bad. My husband spoke with someone at the front desk and they told him there was a room available facing the strip but it would cost extra, which would have been perfectly fine. However, when the person tried to request the room she stated that there was a note on our booking stating that we could not be moved. What a terrible way to begin our trip. Next, we had access to a private pool that was open later than the other pools that we decided to go relax in. Well, guess what, there were drunk people jumping over the gate to sneak in. One of them tumbled over on me while I was sitting on the pool chair. Another threw up directly behind me. We gathered up our belongings and left. I immediately contacted the front desk. I was told that such behavior is expected because "you are in Vegas." I explained that it was a private pool and not a free-for-all to come in and swim, otherwise why bother paying the extra money to stay in certain areas of the hotel. Again, the staff totally didn't care.Then, when I pulled out the extra blanket from the closet, it smelled like cigarettes, and was stained! I didn't even bother letting anyone because I doubt anyone would have cared.It was truly disappointing. It was my daughters birthday, and it really was a huge disappointment that the vibe was so negative at the Venetian, especially when you pay so much to stay there.I will not be back again. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will stay at another hotel on the strip. Take my advice, STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.
5	I don't really gamble - I just like to see the sites. I've been to just about every casino on the strip and this is my favorite to walk around in. So beautiful!  And such great shopping!
4	My favorite resort in Las Vegas. All their rooms are in fact suites, very well furnished and well taken care off. Their bed is very very very comfi, I can fall asleep instantly. Two restaurants you must visit if you stay here are Buchon and Tao. I never liked their casino coz I never had any good luck there... may be that is just me...
3	Lovely size room (woo hoo all suites! bigger than our apartment!), and for $149 that is a wonderful size, and I mean obviously we need 3 TVs, that's just common sense. But breakfast isn't included, and they tack on a mandatory $25 a night when you check in for "wifi and pool access." The wifi didn't work (lots of calls for tech help, and even a tech person coming by, were useless). When we checked out the woman at the desk did refund the leisure fee or whatever, but still. they should just have a place for folks to bring their laptops if their room internet isn't working.This place is fantastic if you are a fan of cruise ships. The pool area looked divine (though we didn't get a chance to enjoy it). The Venetian is overall very mall-ish, and all in all over-priced for meals and even getting coffee. I think you can look a little harder and find somewhere on the strip that'll include breakfast. Oh and our sheets had a huge unspecific brown stain. yeesh.
5	It was my 1st time in Las Vegas and we had amazing stay at Venetian. We we're lucky to get a room that's beautiful and has overlooking view of the Vegas strip. Staff we're helpful with directions bc we had a hard time looking for our room. I mostly enjoyed the interior design of the shopping area especially the clouds at the ceiling. I also enjoyed watching the Venation Gondola Ride it was relaxing! Feels like i was in Venice,Italy for few days! If ever I'll comeback to Las Vegas I will definitely stay here.
4	Day One, usually stay at the Palazzo or Wynn, giving the Venetian a try.  The suite is slightly smaller than the Palazzo and the dresser has shelves instead of drawers. Beds are comfortable.Day Two, finally looked out the window, bad view and Tmobile reception is marginal, jumping between 2g & 4g. Bathroom is similar to the Palazzo, but they only have one bathrobe and not as many towels. Need to complain to housekeeping.Day Three, checking out the Summer Shopping promotion.  Should have tons of points from all the video poker that I played. Had dinner at Valentino (see seperate post). Housekeeping took care of the towels and bathrobes.Day Four, checking out.  Plan on having lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe then drive back home. Overall not quite as nice as the Palazzo, but a solid four star hotel and resort.
2	This hotel was just OK. I was expecting to be really razzle dazzled. It was over crowed and the price point didn't weed out the riff raff like I was told. When we arrived at 11:00am a valet quickly informed us that there was no way our room would  be ready and he insisted that we leave our luggage with him. When we got the front desk our room was ready (and the upgrade was really pushed on us). We upgraded to a bigger room for an additional cost and went right up. The luggage however took over 3 hours to make it our room. We called for it 3 times. The upgraded suite was no big deal. The breakfast buffet in the lobby cafe was disgusting and over priced. The best thing about staying here was the little coffee bar in the casino.
2	we go to Vegas at least twice a year and I've stayed at Venetian before this last trip was the worst! BE SURE TO CHECK YOUR BANK ACCOUNT WHEN YOU GET HOME. I made my reservation and paid through bookit.com. no problem booked 2 rooms. Checked in Venetian (super excited to show my out of town guests who have never been to Vegas the Venetian) the front desk girl was super nice! then we got our room. that's where it went all downhill. they put us in room 28-320. (avoid that room) it smells like sewage. my husband checked in our family next to us. he came in and said it smelled and we needed to get out of there right away and not inhale that. IT WAS REALLY BAD. I vomited in the hallway tried to hold it in my mouth to not dirty their carpet. so embarrassing. I go vomit all over me and had to face his family like that. I called the front desk.. no apology. just ok so you want to move your room? yes of course. they tried to send us 5 floors down. we wanted to stay near our family. the front desk manager said they would call us on my cell when the room on the floor was ready. I cleaned up real quick. we went downstairs to stay nearby. after 4 hours of waiting no phone call. we went to front desk we had reservations at 6 so we needed our room. again no apology. we got our room. the next room was clean. then when we got home.. I noticed not only did I already pay 2 weeks  in advance for the room reservations but they charged my account $ 128 per room and still had $ 284 on hold. I was told they were waiving the resort fee. an extra $ 540.00 I then had to spend time on hold to reach a manager to clear this up the next day. for $ 540 extra plus the $ 457.50 for the 2 rooms that's $ 997 I could have used to stay in Italy. I will say though the little Italian Restaurant Trattoria Reggata was great. the food was awesome. the managers however can tone it down a little with yelling at the staff in front of all the dining guests. the beds are awesome!!! ladies poor lighting in bathrooms. prepare early to get ready to use sunlight in the rooms.BOTTOM LINE:AVOID 28-320.CHECK YOUR BANK ACCOUNT WHEN YOU GET HOME.
4	Beautiful rooms! This was a very nice place to stay. My only complaint is the lobby smells like cleaner all the time. The rooms do not thankfully! The overall restaurants and casino are amazing! Everything is well done and very clean. Towels were a little rough, but the bed was comfy.
5	The rooms are beautiful!  There is a walk down separate seating area with a comfortable coach and desk area.  The bathrooms are big and lovely.  I hope to stay here again soon.
4	I have never stayed at this hotel so my review is based solely on everything else.The inside of this hotel is absolutely gorgeous.  The shops between this hotel and the connecting palazzo range from high-end to reasonable. The gondola ride and the people that paddle the boat are amazing.  Their voices are so beautiful.They keep the casino floor and all other areas of this hotel extremely clean.
1	I am sad that I have to give this place even one star. This was the worst hotel experience of my life. Upon entering our room it was obvious the floor had not been vacuumed. The bathroom sink and bathtub both had dried hair along the sides. The WiFi was intermittent and was off more than on. Calls to the desk for IT support took hours and helped very little. Zero room amenities....I've had more and better at the Motel 6. Hotel has no drink machines; one is instructed to buy the drinks that are in the room refrigerator ($$$$$$) or go down and buy a drink in one of the expensive hotel restaurants. There is no coffee machine in the room, again, even the Motel 6 provides a coffee maker! Yet, for some reason there is a TV in the bathroom? Lets get our priorities straight! The lighting in the bathroom area is so dim as to be dangerous at night. The entire 7th floor of the Venetian Tower reeked of raw sewage during our week's stay and was never fixed. My advise is to spend your money at another resort on the strip, or find the nearest Motel 6!
4	Always love walking through the Venetian.  I have never stayed in a room here but did get married over the bridge that is now a jewlery store 10 years ago and why we were in the hotel a few days ago.
4	Really pretty hotel. Would definitely stay again. The room was clean, the bathroom was spacious. The pizza place downstairs is good. We did have issues at first. They goofed and gave us a room key to someone else's room. They were apologetic and gave us a room with a pool view. They gave us extra vouchers for drinks. Overall: Cleanliness and upkeep is really important to me at a hotel and Venetian did not disappoint.
5	Stayed here for my 21st and I was not let down. So beautiful, huge and comfy rooms and conveniently located to pretty much everything. My ONLY issue that I have with this place is when you are walking around the mall portion and trying to get back to the venetian it is really easy to get the venetian and the palazzo confused and there's not a ton of signs separating the two.
4	Definitely the largest suites in Vegas with comfy beds and fantabulous service, perfect for the party. This is the place to bring large groups of animals. Large rooms to invite the random group of people to party with you, good service and location next to everything in the middle of the strip. Venetian, you never let me down- never disappoint. TAO is awesome, and convenient, cool people and great music.  Ladies, make sure to stay here next time your in vegas because I'll be going to a couple more bachelor parties this year. Great for anniversaries, bachelor party weekends, or weekend getaways with your friends.The best part about this place is that the pool is open late, and they also have great food for those drunken nights.Come here!!!
4	I love staying at the Venetian! Large suites, comfy beds, good location.I've stayed in both towers, the new and the old. The newer tower is more readily accessible from the casino/main area of the hotel, by far. The Venezia tower, which is the older one, is SO CONFUSING. Whoever designed this place originally must be getting a kick out of how many people get lost trying to navigate themselves to their room. Labryinth! David Bowie style. Why would you want your guests to take TWO elevators to get to their room? And walk down loooong corridors. A girl in heels' worst nightmare.But overall, the Venetian is a lovely place to stay at. It's connected to the Grand Canal shops, providing several options for shopping and eating and drinking. It's also located well on the strip, and has a Walgreen's right next to it. Downside - they charge a resort fee. I have been able to decline the resort fee in the past, but I hear rumors that they are going to start making it mandatory fairly soon.
4	Nice hotel. The Bella suite is roomy and the gym is bomb. Three pools and a next to Tao Beach club. Would come back again.
4	MR says ... this is R&RMRS says ... what I like about Venetian is the location and accessibility of shops. There's a 24hour Walgreens which is very convenient for last minute purchases like toiletries (bubble bath, epson salt after a day of Vegas Strip walking). The French Bouchon Bakery is also in Venetian. Wonderful place to have brunch. The hotel corridors can be confusing. We stayed at the Venezia tower and that was like a labyrinth. Anyway, after a couple of days, we figured out our way in and out of hotel floor. Venetian facilities are awesome equipped with pool, gym and hot tubs. It's really top of the line.
5	The Venetian is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  We've been to Venice, Italy and they've done a pretty good job of recreating the Venetian experience, Gondolas and all.The "All Suite" concept makes every room stay comfortable.  Whether it's my wife and I or a guys weekend, there's plenty of room for everybody.  I also love the attachment to the Palazzo Hotel.  We were recently there on a weekend when temperatures reached 117*.  We spent almost the entire weekend in the two connected hotels and didn't feel like we missed a beat.Both hotels have great restaurants, bars and nightclubs.  We'll be back again and again!!
5	Beautiful hotel, the rooms are probably the best on the strip, you get a bedroom area and a separate sitting area, which is lovely so you don't have to sit all over your bed to watch the TV.  The only down side is there aren't any umbrellas around the pool and there is hardly any shade, so we bought a cabana every day for the 4 days we were there, at a cost of $300 per day but when the temperature is 106f outside its well worth it!  I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and this is still one of the nicest there.
5	LOVE the Venetian. It's definitely probably my favorite place in Vegas to stay. Rooms are huge, service is great, and it would be easy to just stay in the hotel all weekend and not go anywhere else haha. It kind of has everything you need. During the day, I love the pool and Tao Beach.  It can get a little crowded on Saturdays but Fridays and Sundays are the sweet spot of a slight weekend crowd that's not too overwhelming. The shops are fun to walk around too - they really have an awesome Venice theme going throughout the entire hotel and casino. It's around a lot of great hotels too, you can easily walk over to Cesar's Palace to go shopping, the Wynn to check out Encore or Tryst at night, or even the little Chipotle/Panda Express next to Harrah's if you're broke like us and trying to save your money for clubbing  and drinking lol.Rooms are huge and comfortable - every room is a suite. There's two couches too which is great for some extra sleeping space. Rooms can be pricey but you can usually find good hotel deals online. I keep wanting to try out different hotels but kind of keep coming back to the Venetian. It's just awesome.
4	We stayed at the Venetian this weekend, which was pretty great. We did all that was possible for a bachelor party.   Clubbing, restaurants, lounges, hookah, party, gamble etc..   Only if the casino would of payed out more instead of taking all the money we had, then it would of been a perfect trip.  But overall had a blast here, the rooms are all spacious suites, nice and clean.  The beds are amazing, you never want to leave it
2	The room was very nice, but we arrived very late (early) because of a storm and waited 20 minutes in line to check in. It appeared they had 5 people on the desk at the time (on a Friday night...) then all weekend had to wait no less than 15 minutes for elevators that were almost all packed to capacity. We had a very difficult time getting to and from our room. The people we encountered in every elevator lobby area were extremely frustrated.Also, we were approached by a lady (in the mall there) that asked if we would like to register for a free stay another time as some kind of promotion. I did not ask for the particulars. When I explained that we have a very busy travel year and Vegas was not in our plans again this year, she became very rude. Literally gave us a rude look and let us know that we had wasted her time. An interesting response to something we had only stopped for at her request. I want to say her name was Edith?Every other employee in the hotel seemed very nice and breakfast in the Cafe was fantastic.
4	pain-free check in, we were allowed to waive the resort fee (saving us $25 a day), we were given spa access for free, and asked for my friends room and mine to be close together...they were super accommodating with everything...room was nice and clean and service was nice...the only reason I took off a star was for one thing that might be minor to others but it really pissed me off...we were located on the venezia tower close to the elevator and the ice machine was all the way on the other side of the floor...our room was number 415 and the ice machine was in the 600s....literally all the way on the other side of that big ass floor.
3	The Venetian is located directly on the strip in good proximity to Treasure Island, Harrah's, The Mirage, Ceasars and The Wynn. It's an Italian themed hotel with lots of Marble and has a canal running through the shops. You can rent a Gondola ($75&up/person) and the person navigating the boat sings in Italian. The reason that this hotel gets three stars: Rooms-Incredibly spacious (650sq ft) with a sunken, attached living room w/sectional couch. You get a king bed w/great linens and a spacious bathroom with TV bath and separate tub & shower. Rooms are clean and class-fully dressed with automated curtains w/remote control. Essentials included are typical shampoo, body wash and conditioner, Que tips, shower cap, sewing kit and cotton swabs. There is also a safe available in the closet. A real negative is the lack of a coffee maker in the room forcing you to go in search of $8 coffee in or around the casino. They also have a weighted tray with various drinks and snacks on it. BEWARE - Their is no price list for any of it but if you LIFT anything off to even look at it, it will get billed to your room. You can have the charge reversed if you catch it. Access- room access is another big negative. After check in you must navigate successfully through several hallways and the casino to find the elevators which are tucked away and hard to find. We often joked that it would take 30 minutes to get to the strip from our room. Casinos being a confusing labyrinth to keep people in them lent to difficulty in finding our way back time after time. Three days in and we finally started to get the hang of it from the two doors.WIFI - is very weak and undependable. At least it was on the 27th floor for us and another couple staying with us.Pools - We two different locations with a total of five pools and four hot tubs. Area one was on the fourth floor of the Venetian Tower. It had one kiddy pool, two full sized adult pools and two hot tubs in a very large area. Towels were readily available and you had the option to rent a cabana style shelter with ceiling fan, TV and private seating in and outside of it for a fee($300/day) We didn't stay as it was quite busy at this location and so we went to the Velezia tower pool on the 10th floor. It is easily accessible although you don't want to be running around in just your bathing suit as you pass a restaurant and it can get cold with the A/C. The other location has two smaller pools side by side in a beautifully decorated Greek style garden adorned with lots of tile and marble. One of the pools has a colder temperature and the other is warm - about 90 degrees. The hot tubs are side by side, although I didn't bother to use them in 100+ temperatures. No cabanas were available but servers from the restaurant nearby came around to take orders for food or drink. Shopping/Mall Entertainment - The Canal is the large draw of this hotel for mall entertainment but it doesn't touch TI Sirens, the Atlantis in Ceasars or the volcano. The charge was too much to justify a 15 minute trip up a busy mall with people gawking and taking pictures of your "romantic" ride. As a mall, it is comparable to other malls on the strip although more on a higher end scale. In closing, it was a great experience for our first time at this hotel but due to the constant inconvenience of getting to our rooms, as well as(I like my morning brew) a lack of a coffee maker(I like my morning brew) I would not likely stay again. If you are looking for a really nice room and don't care for a cup of java, then give it a try!
5	Our absolute favorite hotel to stay at when we are visiting Las Vegas.  Unfortunately, we have only stayed here a few times over the years because they are one of the more expensive hotels on the Strip.The rooms are huge.  Every room in the place is a suite.  Not a little studio suite either.  Their normal suite is larger than any other hotel room that we have ever stayed at.  The beds are so very comfortable.  The bathroom has all the amenities including a television.  There are two other televisions in the suite as well.  So no need to argue with the wife about what to watch.  The tvs are located far enough from each other that the volumes do not interfere with each other.  The living room with the sofa is also comfy for resting and relaxing.  In some suites, you have to take a couple of steps down to the sunken living room (very cool).It is not the perfect place to stay.  There is no free Internet access.  It costs almost $16 per day if you want it.  Another option is to pay an extra $25 per day for their resort fee.  This extra $25 gives you Internet access and use of their gym facilities.  I must say that their gym is pretty impressive.  Every cardio equipment is clean, new, and even have televisions attached.  Headphones are also provided.  There is a separate weight room included with much equipment.  There is a rock wall for climbing.  Fortunately, no resort fee is needed to use the swimming pool on the 10th floor.  Definitely bring your swimsuit!!Have not played at their casino lately.  Did notice that the minimum bet at the blackjack table is $15 during the day.  The ventilation system seems better than previous years.  Either that or I'm just getting used to second hand smoke.  The Venetian hotel is an awesome place to spend the night!  Whether you decide to spend the night or just walk through the hotel's casinos and shops, the Venetian is a fantastic place to visit while in Vegas.
4	This place was incredible from the room to the gym/spa fantastic. The pools and casino are top shelf for sure. Will stay there again in the future. We own a timeshare in Vegas but this stay blew our place away. Gotta fix that mini bar sensor crap...move it you might as well eat it because you will be charged. Eating drinking dinning and shopping all in one hotel...great spot hard to get out and check out the rest of Vegas because this place is so nice. Staff was really friendly which really means a lot to me.
3	We stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights and we really enjoyed it, our room was great no complaints there at all. I love the Venetians casino it feels very clean, I like the location of the Venetian on the strip. The problem we had while staying at the Venetian was how far our room was from the lobby! I realize that the Venetian is huge as are all of the hotels in Las Vegas but when It is a 1/4 mile to your room from the lobby we thought that was a little excessive. From the Casino to the lobby to our room it was about 1/2 a mile. That might not seem like a lot but when you make that trip 3 times a day for 3 days you get really board with it really fast. Overall loved the room hated the walk to our room.
4	This is one of the finer hotels in Vegas.  From the shopping to their restaurants to their rooms it's an absolute 4 star experience.  I would probably only put 4 others hotels in Vegas ahead of the Venetian.
3	Great atmosphere, and great food.However, they failed to keep my reservation.I called them to reserve at Bouchon, they confirmed it, but didn't give me a confirmation number and hung upAt the day of the reservation I called to confirm it again, but they said that I never reserved it so I ended up having to change my plans.
5	I love the Venetian. It is such a great hotel. I like the whole strip hotels and the themes they take on. This has got to be one of the most interesting takes on Italy (Bellagio is a little blah for me). I came here for a friend's wedding and it was a good choice. Their rooms are really nice, clean, and very accommodating. Staff is very friendly, professional, and genuine cares for their guests' happiness. I'm much more impressed, however, with the lobby and their lively Italian "streets". The real-life statues, the gandola rides, and the tower, all make it feel like you are really in Venice. I saw Madame Tussauds, played golf, and went to TAO - and didn't want to leave any of it. I barely was in my room because we had so much fun. I could go on and on, but want to keep it short. Thank you, Venetian.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Stay at the Wynn. This was a terrible stay. I was expecting so much more. Checking in: Rude front desk lady. Even though I had confirmed the type of room (I had purchased a Bella from Vegas.com) the front desk gave me a single bed room. I had to argue with her to get what I paid for. So the start of my trip was poor. Stay: Three major issues.1. Internet wifi did not work (the IT guy couldnt figure it out and gave me a freaking hard wire. Who uses a blue wire on the laptop and constrains themselves to the desk!!!). 2. The room was dirty (the closet had previous guest's hangers and plastic all around). Had to call housekeeping as soon as we arrived. terrible. 3. The lamp in the lounge are of the room did not work. Had to call engineer to fix it. This was not what I hoped for.
4	We booked through Expedia and got an auto upgrade to a deluxe King. It was essentially a suite. Huge bed, huge living room area and bathroom. Marble everywhere. We were on the 10th floor facing the back so no sexy view of the strip but it was nice and quiet, very comfortable and spotless. I think it worked out to $80 a night mid-week.  We dinned at Buchon and made our own reservations through open-table before coming to LV.
4	The rooms/suites are gorgeous and relaxing - room service setup is great.  Very accommodating staff and nice that they always use your name when providing service. I would be happy to come stay here again for the environment and service.
3	I stayed here a few years ago. The entrance is grand and everything is pretty decked out. I wish they spent less on decorations in the foyer and more on the couch in the room. lol. I fell asleep on it and it gave me back pain. My honest opinion.........stay at Encore or Wynn. The prices are not that far apart. Encore is newer, cleaner, and doesn't smell as much...
4	The rooms are great and reasonably priced. Two TVs, two big bids, awesome bathroom, couple robes in the closet. I will complain that there was no complementary toiletries. Seriously, wth?? No toothpaste or face lotion. Food court is right be the elevators and there was a shop open at 3am (the manager behind the counter was like a 50-year-old white dude who kept saying "man"...as in "you want some ketchup man?" so that was really a head-scratcher and offputting, but oh well).
4	I'm giving this place a 4 star rating because there isn't an option for 3.5 stars.  Very simply stated: It's an above average hotel that gets the job done every time and on some nights may impress, but for the most part the Venetian isn't that special.  I'm not speaking nasty about it in any way, but what the Venetian has in size and grandeur on the outside, it lacks in room quality and customer service.The Venetian is a very solid B+ property day in and day out.  It is leaps and bounds ahead of the mid level properties in Vegas such as MGM Grand, Caesar's Palace, TI and Mirage but still a step or two (or three) behind Wynn/Encore, Aria and Bellagio.  This is a great hotel for groups since the rooms are typically much larger and less expensive than its closest competitor (Encore Resort Double Queen).  It is centrally located and is a relatively short walk from the center of the Strip, not to mention you have access to the Palazzo without even having to go outside into the Vegas heat.Where Venetian lacks is the fact that it is in desperate need of a renovation.  The room I stayed in (Bella Suite) was showing it's age with torn wallpaper, worn out sinks and faucet handles and a shower head that was so worn the water literally fell out of it instead of being in the form individual jets like it should.  Don't even get me started on the worn electrical outlets that were so loose my iPhone charger needed a prop to stay plugged in.  Oh and did I mention the nasty stain on the couch...?...yuck.The Casino area and general public areas are very busy and the amount of foot traffic is second to that of Bellagio.  The chances of seeing/hearing rowdy people in the halls is pretty high here especially for a hotel that markets itself as a 5 star resort.  I understand that this could and will occur in any hotel as it is Las Vegas, but I was surprised how often I experienced it during my stay.I will say that the food selection is very impressive, as is the shopping and walkability of both Venetian and Palazzo.  The sports book is fantastic and arguably is one of the best in Vegas.  Tao was great and reasonably priced for what it is.I know I'm being harsh on the property, and in all fairness it is much better than most on the Strip.  I would recommend it to a group of people (Bachelor/bachelorette party) that is looking for a product that is better than most and priced in a very reasonable and fair range.  All in all not a bad place but could stand to improve.
5	The business, comin back here with my S.O. Very Nice Indeed
2	Boy this place has gone down hill since the first time I stayed here. I guess in Vegas you only work on building new hotels and don't bother renovating the existing ones. - the wifi they charged us for never worked- no one told us the (resort fee included) daily paper had to be gotten at the news stand above the escalators- light in the bathroom (now changed to cfl) is too dim for anyone to see- half of the stations on their hotel TV didn't come in well enough to watch- Canyon Ranch gym inside the hotel is getting equally as run downMoral of the story is to stay at the newest hotel on the strip if the price is at all similar.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Venetian! I've been to Vegas too many times to count and have stayed at various hotels. With that being said, I must say that The Venetian is one of the most classiest, nicest hotels on the strip. Our service was outstanding! Shout out to Taylr, who checked us in and took GREAT care of us. We really wanted adjoining suites for our bachelorette party of 15 and she was able to make that happen (even though we didn't reserve it or request it when we booked). She also didn't charged us a fee. Thanks again!  If you're looking for a chill pool day than the Palazzo pool is for you. If you want a little more fun but minus the craziness of a huge pool party and a cover then hit up the Azure pool at the Palazzo. I highly recommend staying here on your next Vegas trip!
2	I would not choose to stay here again. We have stayed at many hotels over the years and while the Venetian has some nice amenities and restaurants, we were shocked to see that we had been unwittingly charged a $50 a day upgrade fee. When we checked in, this was not approved or discussed, it was simply hidden in the agreement that is not fully presented. When we went to check out, the woman at the desk refused to take care of the charge, disappeared for 15 minutes to talk with a supervisor, then came back and said she could not help as she had a signature on file. I asked to speak with the manager personally which took another ten minutes, and then, he proceeded to lecture me about this. The whole experience felt very shady and as if The Venetian is using this to up charge guests unknowingly. The supposed "luxury suite" we had supposedly also agreed to was little more than their standard suite on the 32nd floor. We have had much nicer views before in other hotels without this shady up charge business. Boo.
5	I love Venetian because it's a 5 star hotel, fancy smancy with all the amentities, spacious room and all that jazz. Came with a party of 5 total and we booked the Bella Suite. It sleeps 5-6 people comfortably! 2 queen beds + 1 pull out sofa. - Location is not the best since it's far from the heart of the strip (Planet Hollywood, etc)- A little far from clubs besides XS/EncoreOther than that, it's a beautiful hotel with nice decor. A little pricy but rooms are really nice.
5	"Hi, cousin! Mom is a gold card holder at the Venetian and she hooked us up for the weekend. She got comped rooms for 2 of the 3 nights. Is that okay with you?"Uhm, duh!  It's more than okay. So first of, thank you Auntie for hooking it up. You are always that awesome!Another long weekend in Vegas and this time it's to see the New Kids on the Block on tour, along with Boyz II Men and 98 Degrees. The initial plan was to stay at Mandalay Bay. But, staying at the Venetian was definitely a better option, for both price and the luxury of the room. We ended up getting a Bella suite with 2 queen beds. The suite usually averages about $250 per night. Our view was of a rooftop, but since I was only paying 1/3 a share for one night, WHO CARES? I wasn't going to be hanging out in the room to enjoy the view anyways.The room was spacious, nicely decored with a contemporary look and very clean. The location of the hotel put us in walking distance of the other casinos we wanted to visit. We really wanted to be close to Caesars Palace, since we planned on watching the 4th of July fireworks show there.  The hotel itself has two gyms, pools, Club Tao, a variety of restaurants to choose from and retail stores to blow money in. You can also hitch a ride on a gondola or gamble in the casino. The first time I stayed here, I was impressed. The second time around nothing has changed. I'd definitely stay here, again, even if I had to pay full price. Definitely a great hotel!
1	The place is beautiful, let's get that out of the way.  She's a pretty lady with an empty head.  Where are all of the fabulous perks people keep mentioning on here?  My husband and I booked our 15-year anniversary through the Venetian's website which means we booked our vacation through Las Vegas Sands, which is owned by another company, blah, blah, blah.  I only say that because our vacation dates, flight, hotel was absolutely screwed up by Las Vegas Sand Vacations.  We are on our way to the airport, on the phone with the LVSV letting them know that they have a date/time incorrect. LOTS of drama for our departure date.  Flight change and hotel change fee for the departure date. Don't even get me started on our return date!  Who books a hotel departure on a Sunday and the flight for the day before on a Saturday?  Las Vegas Sands vacations does!  We had pay ANOTHER flight change fee when we got to the airport to leave on Sunday, the same day we checked-out of the hotel.  Of course we couldn't reach Las Vegas Sands Vacations because it's a Sunday.  So we paid the change fee and had to leave at midnight which is way later than it was supposed to be scheduled for.  Oh, and they screwed up our departure dates and plans as well.  LOTS of drama.  So we called during business hours on Monday and complained only to be told that we had to submit our complaint via email to the After Vacation Department.  We did and were basically told that they would not reimburse of any fees, oh and here is a $100 voucher to come stay with us again!  Seriously!!!???
4	stayed here a couple times the older decorated rooms are not my taste kinda too old.  So if you plan to stay here asks for a newer suite.  Nice shops and great location give it 4 stars
4	Such a beautiful resort! The interior is absolutely gorgeous. As suggested by the name, this hotel/casino is decorated in an Italian fashion. I came here see a National Geographic exhibit titled "50 Greatest Photos." The exhibit itself was phenomenal and I would definitely recommend it, even though there are few places to sit. The ceiling of the hallway outside of where the exhibit was was absolutely beautiful It was painted, kind of like the Sistine Chapel.It's definitely worth taking a look around!
5	When my fiance first told me that he had booked the Venetian Hotel, and we would be staying there for our weekend away in Vegas... I didn't know what to think or feel about it.  I imagined a somewhat run-down hotel full of older people, I'm not sure why... but I guess I didn't know any better.All of that changed once we arrived.  Our Suite was prime: huge bathroom, nice comfy bed separate and away from the sunken living room type area.  Tons of space, we literally could've slept 6 in this room.  Three TVs, and plenty of luxurious space to lounge around in.Tip: Nice hotel for a decent price- I recommend looking for a deal on Priceline, that's what we did.
5	I was at the Venetian for business, so my demand on the hotel is probably a different than most who visit Vegas for pleasure.ROOM -  SPACIOUS:  Being a suite, I had a lot of space to spread out and work.-  CONNECTED:  FREE hard line Internet and it was FAST!-  PRINTER:  LOVED that the room came with a printer.  (I had to ask for paper and it was sent up quickly, but if I was in a hurry, it would have been annoying.)ROOM SERVICE-  FAST: Placed online and my food got to my room by the time I got out of the shower.-  DETAILED:  They complied with my request of replacing the starch with more veggies without any problems.-  DELICIOUS:  The bone-in ribeye steak arrive PERFECT (which rarely happens with room services).      - Excellent quality of meat and seasoned just right.  It was medium rare from edge to edge and served piping hot (which is very hard to do because to keep the food hot, it would have had to be in a warming oven.  At such a large hotel, the time it took for the food to get to the room, it would have cooked the steak to medium).       - The Bearnaise sauce was complex and rich with the flavor of the wine.  More importantly, it wasn't overly salty.       - Every piece of the vegetable medley, including the baby carrots, haricot vert, white asparagus and heirloom cherry tomatoes, had different cooking time.  Remarkably, they were all tender and crispy.-  REASONABLE:  At $45.00 it was a steal.  It could easily have been a $65.00 dinner downstairs.  STAFF & FACILITIES-  CLOSE:  Having to be at a convention for 4 days, it is a blessing that the conference rooms and exhibit halls are at such close proximity to the guest elevator (especially compared to the design of the space at the Mandalay Bay).-  CHOICES:  The plethora of quality restaurants is staggering.  From quick comfort food like Panda Express, to high-end dinning to entertain customers like AquaKnox, there is no shortage of choices.-  EFFICIENT:  With such a large number of attendees, traffic at the hotel was remarkably speedy.  Less than 5 minutes wait for check-in and check-out.  No lines in the elevator lobby.-  GRACIOUS:  Every employee I had met always greeted with me a smile.  Staff was knowledgeable, proficient and confident.I would stay here again even if I am not working.
4	A bit pricey but the rooms are great. We had a room with two queen beds and a nice sunk in living room. It was very comfortable. The casino is nice I just don't like that they do not offer single deck blackjack which is what I prefer to play.
5	This place is really glamour! You will snap photos non stop when u are there! I felt abit regret spending most of the time outside, i should have relax and enjoy my vacation n spend more time in my room! The decor is very eye catching! I thought i was in europe! Its soo real and i have no words to descride the overall decor n design! Very 'heaven' ! Im happy that i choose this hotel among all the other hotels at vegas!
4	Short of 5 stars because of how far and weird the walk is to our room in the Venezia tower. The room was clean and comfy but a little humid and sticky even after the AC was set on the lowest degree. I would return because I love all the fine shopping and the gondola ride!! I've stayed at The Palazzo before and personally, the rooms are much cleaner and better there though it looks pretty much the same. Room service was fast, got breakfast quick. Will return only if Palazzo rooms are more expensive or if Venetian puts my room in the other tower (that I've heard was super nice)!
4	We stayed at the Venetian this past Labor Day weekend and I have no complaints.   The room is so spacious, with upper and lower levels, there were two tvs, actually three tvs, since there's a mini one in the bathroom, and two queen beds, a large comfy sofabed, that can pull out for additional guest, and small dining table and office area...in elegantly decorated and coiffed.  The beds are so comfortable, the shower is so gorgeous, the drapery was classy. But the main reason I like this hotel casino so much is the flow from the parking garage, to the rooms, then to the casino area, it's only steps aways...so convenient. When I'm feeling the gambling itch, I hate having to walk miles just to get to the tables, but there's no such problem at the Venetian.  Everything is centrally located, which the gambling floor steps away.  The variety of different gaming they offer is also a plus for me, since I want to try my luck at multiple tables.  One thing I do not like are some of the bitchy Asian woman dealers I see at the floor, they are so unfriendly...like a block of ice, and since I'm asian female myself I can say that they need to go!  This is my second favorite hotel and casino after Wynn, you should definitely keep as an option if you're heading to Vegas.
3	Went for a business trip. Awesome food...the best pastries I've had. Not a casino fan, but went to the Phantom of the Opera and was really nice. Don't miss the Venice canal!The 3 stars are because people smoke everywhere!!! I hated that
4	I've stayed at several of the hotels along the strip and this is one of my favorites. The front desk was nice and when I didn't like my room they moved me quickly. The rooms are huge and really well laid out.  As with most LV hotels they are $$$ on little stuff but with a Walgreens on the corner and Starbucks across the street you can safe some cash on little stuff and donate more to the tables. ;o) Hint they have a van that stops right at the front door of the hotel from the airport.. It's way cheaper for 1-2 ppl but if you have more you're better off with a cab. Good Luck
5	The Venetian is my favourite hotel along the Strip. It's absolutely beautiful and I found the shopping the best here as well.
4	We didn't actually stay at the Venetian, but met some friends here for a bite to eat at the Grand Lux.After our meal, we decided to tear it up in the casino for a bit. I should probably preface this by saying I'm a super frugal person. I'm honestly surprised I don't walk around using $0.20 off coupons whenever humanly possible... I've also done very little gambling. I'd describe myself as an intuitive and strategic gambler, but also one who doesn't like the stakes to be too high. With those standards, the Venetian is a decent casino.I was so filled with glee when we actually had cocktail waitresses come up to us to get us free drinks (during my previous visits to Vegas, this was NOT the case and I couldn't seem to tap into these endless free drinks everyone talks about). Both of the ladies were all smiles and accommodations. It's baffling to me  they work overnight hours, in dresses, dealing with drunkards and having such a high energy about them.The craps table was on fire, and their cheers could be heard rumbling through the casino.My partner and I primarily bounced around from one slot machine to another. There are endless machines, from penny slots to five dollar slots. We didn't win but didn't lose much either ($10). The three roulette tables we passed were $5, $15, and $25 buy-in. Still too heavy for my cheap genes. But an interesting people watching place. My fave slots were the Wizard of Oz and Monster Mash slots. Give 'em some love and they'll at least break you even.As a side note, they served possibly the worst rum I've ever tasted in their rum nd cokes. But can't really complain much about free!
2	Overall, I was a bit disappointed with my stay.  From what everyone said about the place, I was really excited to finally stay at a 5 star resort on the strip.  The room itself was 5 stars--the bathroom had a great shower and a separate room for the toilet.  The bed was probably the comfiest I have ever slept in.  I went to bed early just so I could sleep more in the bed.However, that was about where the good stuff ends.  We stayed in the Venezia tower and whoever designed that should no longer be designing hotels.  It was a freaking maze to get to our room!  My mom was with me, and she has pain in her legs, and the walk was way too far to get to the room from the valet.  I would not recommend this hotel to people with ambulatory issues.Also, when I went to the Venezia pool there was no one there to serve drinks.  Someone collecting towels by the pool told me to go to Bouchon and walk up to the bar.  I started to, but two separate employees told me that I was not allowed inside because I only had shorts and my bathing suit top on.  I would have gladly not come in your restaurant if I didn't have to!  And then the bartender made the wrong drinks, and very rudely insisted that I did order what he made and reluctantly made me a new drink.  Eventually, a cocktail waitress did show up and we were able to get drinks from her (which she made by hand and were much better than the ones from Bouchon).I couldn't believe that room service charged a delivery fee.  This may be standard at hotels and I just don't know, but it seems silly.  It's like a drive thru charging you for using their drive thru lane.Lastly, the folks when I checked in were very firm that if we used the mini fridge and even so much as moved stuff around, we would be charged a restocking fee.  First, it is stupid to not allow folks to use the fridge in their room that they're paying for.  Second, there was stuff still leftover in the fridge from a previous guest: half a thing of milk, leftover beer and two open water bottles.  I called the maid service and they said they would be right up to get it.  When I checked out it was still there.  Ridiculous.  I will very closely be watching my credit card statement to make sure I wasn't charged for the maid service's mistake.I would never stay here again.  For what they charge, I expected a lot more.
4	I've stayed here, I don't even know how many times, I've definitely stayed here more than any other hotel in vegas and that's not by mistake. I honestly think you get the best bang for your buck here. all the rooms are suits here so if you have a friend staying here who says they have a suite, well all it means is they have a room so don't go around trying to pretend you fancy!typical room is 2 beds (queen or full I think) and one couch (optional pull out bed for that upon request) perfect for 5 or 6 people. very clean usually and nicely decorated.if it's your first time here it might be a bit confusing with the skybirdge on the 10th floor but you get the hang of it after a while, pool on the 4th floor (3 pools and a hot tub actually) so it's nice when there are a lot of people, tao beach is also connected to the pool area. close to XS, close to surrender, close to wynn/encore so the location is great as well. Despite getting a concussion on their marble floor lobby area a few years ago and knocking my friend's two front teeth out when I was trying to give her a piggy back ride I've still come back to stay here many many times after so they must be doing something right! right?
4	REVIEW FOR THE SUITEStayed here this past weekend in a Suite with several friends. We had about 10 people! shhh! haha. But even with that amount of people in one suite, there was still a lot of room. The beds were comfortable, including the pull out bed from the sofa. High ceilings and very decorated. The quality was there. The view was ehh, we had a view of an unfinished ferris wheel and construction. The bathroom was really big, shower and bath combo, his/her sinks, separate room for toilet.  my cons;-WATCH OUT! They have sensors on the drinks and snacks in the room so they will charge you!-No refrigerator to store your drinks and snacks.-The TV remote did not work-It took a journey just to get to the room! Considering we were parting and clubbing all night.Other than that great hotel, best I've ever stayed at so far. But I wouldn't stay here again until after I experienced all the other resorts on the strip.
5	I love this place and my luxury suite was spacious enough for just my husband and I. We enjoyed the pool area. There are a lot of different sections and I love that it is connected to the palazzo. Their bar is great. We ordered 2 different pitchers for $45 that's like about 4 glasses for 2 people and they were pretty strong. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and accommodating. I love the location being so close to other great hotels.
5	Our suite was very clean and quiet.  This was my third time in Vegas and I've stayed at 4 other hotels on the strip, including Caesar's Palace, this hotel by far has been the best. Casino is brightly lit and doesn't have heavy smoke smell or overly bearing air freshener smell. Great shopping and food between here and Palazzo.
5	We stayed at The Venetian two nights and had a great stay; no complaints! The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable. We thought the decor of the hotel was actually prettier than The Bellagio, so we were happy we chose The Venetian... Very reasonable price for the quality. The service was great, too. Everyone was exceptionally friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again.
3	Perhaps my expectations were too high but this hotel didn't surprise me. The lighting in the rooms are really bad, had to figure out how to turn on and off the lights in multiple areas. I have stayed in a few better hotels in Vegas
3	I stayed at the Venetian during my first trip to Vegas a few weeks ago. Overall, I was satisfied but I don't know that I'd stay here again. My biggest complaint was really a complaint about Vegas itself: the smoking. Everywhere the smoking! Any time I walked through the casino, the shopping mall, or really any public area except the gym it stunk like smoke. Plus, they pipe in some sort of perfume (lavender maybe?) to try to cover it up, but it just ends up smelling like lavender-y stink. Gross.The actual room was nice. We requested two queen beds, but when we checked in that wasn't available (?) so they upgraded us to a suite with one king bed instead. The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was gigantic. There was a living room area with an L-shaped couch and TV, which was nice. However, the couch was some weird mustard-colored crushed velvet material and seemed really old (there were several visibly worn spots where people had sit, these were the spots right in front of the TV). Our windows faced the pool, and so they were heavily tinted- I don't know if all the rooms are like this or just the pool-facing ones. The tinting meant the room always seemed dark and I could never tell if it was sunny outside or not. We got hit with minibar charges at check-out even though we opened nothing, because we picked up a few items to look for prices (none were listed- bad sign!). Apparently everything is on a sensor and if you touch it/move it they will try to charge you. We explained the situation and they took the charges off our bill, but still. Shady, Venetian.We had a problem with the electrical outlets in the bathroom and on one side of the bed not working. We called the front desk to let them know, but nobody ever came to fix it. We did find the reset button for the bathroom outlets, but we were never able to fix the bedside outlet (so I had to charge my phone across the room). Although they never sent someone to fix the electrical problems when requested, they DID send someone to fix the TV when it wasn't broken. This was very odd, a guy showed up and said he was there to look at the TV. I told him there was nothing wrong with it, and he asked if he could come in anyway to take a look. I said no, because I'm a girl alone in a hotel room and I'm not letting some strange dude in, especially when he says he's there to address a request I never made. The whole thing seemed weird, although I did see him around a few more times so I'm pretty sure he did actually work there. It just gave me a weird vibe. I was in and out of the room a lot, and frustratingly had issues with housekeeping coming. One day, one of the housekeepers knocked on my door just as I was leaving, so I said "oh, I'm just heading to lunch, perfect timing. I'm going to grab my bag and I'll go." She said okay, but I'm not sure if she understood me/understood English, because I left and purposely lingered over lunch, staying out of the room for over 2 hours to give them plenty of time. When I got back, still no housekeeping. They had finished our hallway and never came back. We called the front desk that evening to request fresh towels, and when we mentioned housekeeping never came the guy was like "we suggest not putting the do not disturb sign on your door if you want your room cleaned." Really dude? I was also frustrated with the pool: I went three days, and everything was fine until the last day. I had to move four different times to get away from people smoking cigarettes/cigars. I realize we're outside, but when you're lying in one place for long periods of time you really get a lungful. I did finally manage to find a smoke-free spot in one of the back rows around the pool, which is fine, I didn't need to be near the water. But there's a grate that runs around the edge of the pool deck and it stunk like sewer, so at that point I just left the pool. I was so frustrated. Be warned that between the smoke and the sewer, the pool at the Venetian can be a very fragrant experience.The location on the strip is great, and there are a lot of great dining options in the hotel. There was a National Geographic "50 Greatest Photographs" exhibit in the lobby during my stay (you had to pay admission though) and it was very cool. The decor is very pretty. There are a lot of good shopping options for all budgets in the shops. The gym is nice and has lots of machines (although it was weirdly very hot, even though the rest of the hotel is on AC-overload). The staff were friendly and helpful for the most part.
5	I've been staying here for the past 10 years every time I come to Las Vegas.  Which is about 3-4 times a year.  I might be a little bias towards the Venetian because I'm a comp guest but, I can also stay free at a lot of other casinos/hotels such as the BELLAGIO, Wynns, MGM, Cosmo, PH and so on.  The Venetian is where I stay when I come here. The rooms are all suites and very spacious, most also have a sofa (sofabed) and the rooms are also super "CLEAN"!!! and you can charge your iphone from the radio/clock next to the bed which was major PLUS especially when I forgot to pack my charger on one trip. Wifi was free during my stay but I also have unlimited data so it would not of matter if wifi wasn't free. Even their smallest suite/room can accomodate up to 6 people ( 3 of them are kids). The beds are more comfy on the Venetian side than the Palazzo and if you are like me making a lot of trips to and from the room, don't stay in the Venezia portion of the Venetian because it can be a trek.  There are a lot of food options plus a food court upstairs unfortunately no buffet maybe that's a good thing because unlike CC or NYNY you're not constantly running into underage kids.  There are 2 casinos, 1 on the Venetian side and 1 on the Palazzo side and the Wynns is just a hop skip and a jump away.  Both side have their own huge parking garages with valet and easy access to the Hotel/Casino and of course a main valet up front at the Venetian. Tons of security and cameras everywhere so you're never alone.  I've been to other casinos where you can scream for help and no one will hear ..lol.  I really have nothing bad to say about the Venetian except for...I  LOVE YOU GUYS,  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!  P.S maybe a buffet would be nice ...
5	I love this hotel. I have stayed in several hotels in vegas and the venetian has become my favorite after my stay during this past summer. It was the week of EDC so the hotel was packed full of crazy people but I guess that's what added to the fun of this experience. My boyfriend and I came here with a group of friends not for EDC but just for the fun of vegas. Our room was amazing! We got placed on the 38th floor and I loved how the security personnel checks your key card before you're able to go up the elevators. It made me feel safe in a weird way haha. The first thing I saw when we opened our double doors was a baby grand piano, say whaaaat? Not only was there a giant piano in our living room but we also had a humongous I'd like to say 50-60 inch flat screen in the main room. There was a full dining table that seated 8 and our room came with a fridge, and a wine cooler. For the rooms we had 2 full king-size bedrooms each with walk in closets. Each room also had a 4 person jacuzzi hot tub, a stand up shower that had 2 shower heads with a gigantic bench inside it (I'm guessing it's meant for more than one person? lol) an in suite gym, and a dressing room with mirrors all around. We had 2 full bathrooms and one 1/2 of a bathroom. We had a fantastic view of the strip and the water show. We had some fun watching the people splash around obnoxiously down at TAO's pool party too. The bed's were so comfy that I had a hard time getting out of bed. For the three nights we stayed at the venetian we found the service to be exceptional and by the push of a button we had a bell hop or hotel worker at our door within minutes. Room service was okay, though it's not quite up to par for the price they charge you. The casino's were awesome and I ended up winning $200 the first night woo! The venetian also has a little mall connected to it that's fun to shop. Most major designers (Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Ferragamo, Prada etc..) are available for your interest. There is a food court in the mall that kind of sucks but that isn't the venetian's fault. I recommend eating outside the hotel if you want good food. Come on, I mean, you ARE in vegas!!I had an amazing stay at the venetian and our suite felt like home and I definitely did not want to go back to Cali. I will be coming back in December and I can not wait!
5	By far my favorite hotel for location and nightlife on the strip! They comp very well in comparison to most hotels. There is much to do within the hotel and the ease to the strip is well above average. They have the best nightclub in Las Vegas, Tao...(better than Rain and Pure). The staff is very friendly and helpful. On an occasion they overbooked their hotels and promptly sent me to a nearby hotel by limousine where I had been upgraded to an incredible penthouse suite. I am a very seasoned Vegas traveler and I would not expect this to happen often whether you find this inconvenient or another Vegas opportunity!! Ive stayed here with friends, family and for my alone time with my husband on many occasions. Always love the Venetian and all of its hotels on property!
5	I stayed at the Venetian for the second time recently, this time in a Bella Suite, first time in a Rialto.  The Venetian is nothing short of amazing. The rooms are huge, the beds are second to none, and I feel like it is maintained at a higher level than other similar properties.  The pool complex is massive, the lobby is striking, and the casino has better lighting than most I've ever been in.  Though I didn't get to play any, the Poker Room looked like one of the best 2 or 3 in Vegas.  The screens in the Sports Book are awesome, but the seating is a little lackluster.  The service was excellent, especially during check-in.  I even think for the quality you receive that it is one of the better values on the Strip.  I cannot say enough positive about The Venetian.
4	Very nice hotel.  Rooms are really spacious although maybe not the best layout.  Bathroom was huge, but if you are traveling with friends rather than a S.O. the glass shower may be a problem.
5	I loved my stay here at the Venetian. I felt like a princess the whole weekend. The decor was beautiful, and the restaurants there are delicious. If I could stay here all the time for all my Vegas visits, I totally would. Thank you Venetian for making my stay one of the most pleasant ones I've ever had.
5	Even after 3 yrs my last review still holds up on this place.  The Venetian has been a top resort & casino in Las Vegas since the late 90's.  They've been able to keep the property looking great, continue to offer awesome restaurants, and have a couple of the best nightclubs in town.  Whenever I'm back in Vegas, I come here to eat, dine, party, or stay.Return Factor - 100%
1	I take ODS shuttles to the airport almost monthly from the Venetian.  Usually there are no issues.  Today we seem to have either a dispatching issue or just confusion.  I showed up 15 minutes early as your supposed to and the driver showed up at roughly 10 til 3.  The driver was polite and greeted us and loaded our bags as usual.  We boarded and began to wait.  It was ten minutes after 3 when I got off and ask the driver when we would be departing.  He said I don't leave until 330.  The issue was we were supposed to depart at 3.  When I ask if we could depart early because the 3pm shuttle did not show up he said no.  While I understand that there could have been a delay elsewhere to prevent the 3 o'clock shuttle from getting there ODS or the driver should have made accommodations to transport the 6 guests to the airport at 3 if the other driver was delayed.  I know there are issues when it comes to transportation but it was the fact of how the driver handled it!  I ask the driver Geb,  if he could ask dispatch to leave early to accommodate the lack of a 3oclock shuttle and he said no I am scheduled to leave at 630. (Even though it was only 320 at the time). I've never had any issues with ODS and hope that this is not a start if unreliable service!
4	The Venetian and the Palazzo may be considered Siamese twins, joined at the hip via the Canyon Ranch Spa Club, but the Palazzo is technically superior: it's larger, newer, and cleaner. And yet...I think 75% of the time, we find ourselves staying at the Venetian. Why? Mostly because a typical day in Vegas for us means getting breakfast at Bouchon Bakery, then shopping, then lunching at the Grand Lux Cafe, then relaxing at the pool, waiting for our food to digest before squeezing in a workout and hitting a show (that's usually in or near the Venetian). Our nights usually end with a late dinner and drinks (often times at the Grand Lux again because it's open 24 hours).Bouchon Bakery and Grand Lux Cafe are mere footsteps away from the room elevators. America's coolest Walgreen's is just right outside the hotel. The Canal Shoppes are in the hotel grounds and provide a good mix of fantasy window shopping and things we actually can afford (Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, etc). And if we need to hit the department stores, Fashion Show Mall is right across the street. When it comes to getting our fitness on, the Canyon Ranch Spa has an entire floor dedicated to cardio machines and a room just for weights. And finally, the hotel is right smack between Caesar's Palace and Wynn/Encore (if you wish to go any farther south or north, respectively, though, walking may not be the best option, depending on the weather and/or your shoes).Truthfully, the rooms in the Venetian are a bit outdated and it's not nearly as grand or as pretty as the Wynn (which in my opinion is hands down the most beautiful hotel in Vegas). But it's honestly good enough and has got everything we want whenever we are staying in Vegas. Could not ask for more!
5	Best hotel to stay at!
4	If you're going to give your money to the casinos, give it to this one. Helpful blackjack dealers, look for the Wheel of Fortune slot machine with the BIG WHEEL to spin, makes it more fun. Wish there were more seats for regular betters at the sports book though. Overall, you can't go wrong with a gondola ride and a walk through nice shops. Best location on the strip too!
4	I have only stayed in 2 other places in Las Vegas and this was my first visit to The Venetian.  I was honestly expecting some run of the mill room but was so pleasantly surprised!  The suite was HUGE, with a very large bathroom that had a separate soaking tub and large glass shower.  It had a door to the toilet, double sinks, and a separate sit down vanity with a lighted mirror.  And speaking of mirrors, there were also full size mirrors on the bathroom door and against the entry wall.  As you walk further into the room you had a bedroom area with two steps down to the huge living room with a sectional sofa, and a desk that had a scanner/printer.  My view was of the mountains.  The lighting was fantastic, especially for a hotel room, and I loved the remote control sheers and blackout drapes.  The room had 3!! count em 3! TV's.  I loved staying in this room.The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was the service at check in and check out seemed very harried...as if the person wanted to get rid of me as soon as possible.  This happened when I checked in, and when I called to check out.  C'mon, you can take an extra 30 seconds to pretend like you value me personally.The property itself is beautiful, with painted ceilings, coffered ceiling in the casino, and a very nice smell.  The only time I ever smelled cigarette smoke was when I was sitting right next to someone who was smoking.
5	It's all suite with sunken living rooms. Could sleep 5 comfortably. Has everything you would need. One of the best looking lobbys. The Venetian and Palazzo pools are connected. Tons of restaurants and food court. Canyon Ranch Spa. And a great 24h Walgreens right in front. A big pro for me is that it couldn't be closer to the clubs at Wynn/Encore which I enjoy. Real easy walk to Caesars and as far as Cosmo. Trust me spend the extra $$$ to stay here and you get it back in square footage. P.S. I've had a lot of success being friendly at the front de$k for decent views.
4	If you're looking to stay at a hotel with class and style, look no further than the Venetian. This huge hotel boasts many great amenities such as a spa, various pools, a connected mall with indoor and outdoor gondola ride, many fountains and tons of food/nightlife to keep their guests entertained. Although the cost per room may seem extravagant compared to many of the neighboring casinos, you get what you pay for.Our flight came into Vegas around 11AM, a full 4 hours before check in, but they were awesome and got us into our room quick. (If for some reason, they can't, they have a baggage desk outside by the valet so you can leave your bags and go explore!) The check-in line moved pretty quick and the hotel itself was stunning!Here's a few tips though:Ask for non-smoking room (we did, but heard others grumble about being stuck in rooms that were not)Do not touch the mini bar! (from the tons of online reviews we read, it was a problem. If you move stuff around, the weight activator under the items will charge you. When you check in, you sign something to the effect of that)If you don't plan on using the pool, spa, etc, consider asking them to waive the resort fee. The girl that checked us in was super nice about it.If you want a view of the strip, say so! We ended up with a room at the back of the building overlooking a rooftop. (I literally spent none of my trip in the room or I probably would have switched)It was my first trip to Vegas and I couldn't have picked a better hotel to stay at!
1	Stayed here on our honeymoon; I'd asked concierge to set up our room with petals/candles/something romantic for our first night which they assured me would be ready... we got nothing. I called down and asked for them to set up the surprise the next night which they apologized for and guaranteed, but still nothing was done in the four nights we spent there.  Room had minimal lighting, rough towels &terry cloth robes, hardly any movie channels that werent pay-per-view. The female manager of bell service was extremely rude and unprofessional when we called down to report our luggage as being delivered TWO HOURS LATE the day we arrived too. Most countertop space was occupied by their weight-sensored goodies for sale. Only upside, the suite was spacious&clean. We chose to gamble our money away else where, didn't want to give them another dime...
5	Here is the only problem with rating the Venetian - Yelp (and AAA) have not created a 6th star exclusively for them.This casino/hotel is amazing.  Let's start with it's opulent furnishings and design.  As soon as you walk in, there is a fellow playing the accordion in appropriate garb.  The floors are polished and pillars are clean, and the ceiling is painted to make you feel like you are right there in Italy.The restrooms are lavish and clean as a whistle, always well stocked, and deserve an award themselves.The air is clean throughout, no overwhelming smoke or other odors that you might find elsewhere on the strip.They offer free shows throughout St. Marks square (at least every time I've went in the summer).  The actors and singers and entertainers (including jugglers and statues and marionette artists) are pleasant and genuine.  Dazzling and entertaining for any age group.I love sitting at the oxygen bar at the end of the canal, listening to the opera singers rowing their gondolas while I'm getting a massage.  Probably the most serene experience of my life.Food!  The food court is fantastic.  Grand Lux is off the hook - their menu as big as a the bible, open 24 hours, and the Cuban pulled pork sandwich is amazing.  Postrio, Wolfgang Puck's corner of St. Mark's Square, is phenomenal.  I plan my whole trip to Vegas around his home made sausage appetizer with a trio of mustards, and his burger with onion marmalade.The customer service is so shiny that you need to wear your sunglasses as not to be blinded by the ocean of smiles.  I believe this place is as close to heaven on earth as is possible.The gaming is great.  Payouts are abundant at penny and dollar slots alike every trip so far.  The poker room is HOPPING, with 60+ tables at any given time.  All the dealers are friendly.  I also like the uniforms the security guards have to wear.In one word, paradise.
1	My son Dyaln was celebrating his 24th birthday at the Venetian. He had booned for his a two nights stay in the Bella suite. On the night of his borthday he and his friends tried to go into the TAO bar. After all of   his frieds were admitted Dylan then proceeded to enter the bar. Upon carding him the "bouncer" decided that my son did not look loke the picture on his driver's license. After showing several other credit cards and other forms of I.D. the bouncer would still not admit him. He then went to the hotel desk nanaager and spoke with Christopher Cauaaugn. Dylan was hoping that at least the hotel manager could get him in. Mr. Cavanaugh did not! The hotel did NOTHING to remedy the situation. His birthday was ruined.I just got off the phone with "Nate", the daytime desk manager, he too did nothing to remedy the situation. They claim they are not affiliated with the bar and cannot intervene. I'm sure when my son goes to pay for his hotel room in the morning they will not have any problem accepting his I.D. and credit card info.  I WILL NEVER book a room at this hotel again.!!
4	Sign up for the players club and get free goodies! I got a vegas T... Walk around the second floor shops for a nice view of the gondolas.
4	I came here near the end of October and it was very satisfactory indeed. Everything is as you would expect in a luxurious Vegas hotel and the Bella suite didn't disappoint us. My only gripe about this place is really the proximity of the Venezia to the casino area. You literally have to take two different elevators just to get to the casino level, which made it seem like a journey all on its own. Not even the elevators were very large and were almost never private. This hotel has a vast array of shops and levels that I can never keep up with. The casino area is very nice and the people that frequent this resort are more mature here.The security is first class at the Venetian. We had an incident in our suite where some random stranger was knocking repeatedly on our door (he had the wrong suite) in the middle of the night around 5 am. I phoned the front desk and they sent security up right away and they handled the situation without further incident. They even check room keys before letting u to the suite area and that's obviously a huge plus.Pros: Very Luxurious; Shopping; Mature PatronsCons: Lots of walking; Maybe location on the strip; Okay restaurants
4	This is one of the epitome of vegas hotels. Themed, luxurious, lots of stimuli, and great food and shopping.The rooms are much larger than normal, clean and luxurious. No complaints to be had.The casino floor is a little cramped for me but lots going on.The restaurant choices are pretty good. Public house is a great hangout and has some great food. The Italian places up in the canal area are great too. The only late night food place i could find was a pizza by the slice, that gets old quickly.The pool is a bit hit or miss. The pool and grounds are great, but the buildings do tend to shade a lot. So they are the most popular.Here is one huge tip for everyone. There is a CVS drug store on the outside of the building on the strip. So if you forgot anything at home, or just want some cheap drinks in the room or walking the strip, this place is a god-send to have so close by.
1	Stayed at Venetian for my bday couple of days ago. I thought Wynn was bad...This was horrible!!!!!!We were told a room with strip view, we did not get it! I called the front desk and the person was very rude so i asked for the manager. She promised us a room with a view for the next day because she said she doesn't have any availability for that day from 11am to 3pm. we get the room after 5pm waiting for them in our room. Than we go the the new room it was the same exact room just 9 floors up! So i call the manager again and she says that she can not do anything about it. Not to mention we waited over an hour for the bell boy to bring our luggages.Their customer service and management is rude and have no management skills!!!I would NOT recommend it.
4	This place is a maze. Easy to get lost. I didn't know that it's contiguous with the Palazzo so even the parking situation was a challenge. I was in an upgraded suite at the Palazzo. It was a great room with a view of the Wynn and the golf course. In terms of location, it's quite close to the Mirage and Bellagio, while having access to the more northern clubs in the Wynn and Encore. Overall a pleasant stay. Make sure to check online for deals, as Vegas hotels tend to discount heavily.
2	I've stayed at nicer Best Westerns. Room was filthy. Peeling decor, burn marks all over a non smoking room, broken fixtures, and torn sheets. Not to mention the mildew and mold ridden 'thing' they half wrap the exposed pipes under the sink in.  Looked like a wookie had used the bathroom before me, and all room sevice did was fold the TP. Botched my reservation despite making it directly through the front desk. What a joke. I won't be back.
5	Unbelievable time here at this killer hotel. So much to do. So many restaurants. I can't believe the extensive way they have decorated and gone to such great lengths to create a Venetian experience. So impressive. My room was very large compared to other strip hotels and the location on the strip you can't beat. It is close to all the other amazing hotels so if you want to hop over to one of the others it can easily be accomplished. I ate at several of the restaurants and each one was better than then next. They were also very helpful to find a show and suggest activities for us to do. Next time I will stay here again.
4	We really enjoyed our stay here.  The room was really big, with a wonderful sitting area.  The hotel was clean and we didn't smell cigarette smoke in our room which was a wonderful change from staying at the MGM where we could smell smoke in our room.I found the lighting a little too dim in our room.I found the wifi internet poor or nearly non-existent when I called the operator for IT help they were not helpful at all and the attitude of the person on the phone was poor. We also liked the location on the strip as it was fairly central.  I would highly recommend staying here.
1	On so many levels, this casino and resort pales in comparison to its peers in customer service in many regards, whether its one bartender serving a hundred plus in the Venetian theater or absolutely horrible sports bar management, the sports books ridiculous policies or simply the poor floor plan design that is completely dysfunctional for hundreds of patrons, avoid them at all costs.
3	Nice suite, in Venezia tower. 18th floor with a nice view of strip. I prefer Palazzo over Venetian. No coffee maker in room, boo. No sectional, in suite, another boo. A sectional, like at the Palazzo, is much better than the sofa bed w/ two chairs. Got a free coupon for coffee upon checkin. In order to redeem it the coffee shop is clear on other side of hotel & it's the smallest coffee I've ever seen!! So not worth the trek. The bathrm is a great size. Really large shower. I had some leftover food from a restaurant, asked at front desk if I could warm it in a microwave some place. I was told NO, there was nowhere. Also, the ice maker for the floor was in a whole other wing, very far from room.This is not 5 star service & I was somewhat inconvenienced. At a nightly rate of $350+, there should be no inconvenience.
4	I stayed here over the weekend with some girlfriends and we had a great time. We got a suite and it was really nice: two beds with a fold-out couch and a beautiful bathroom. Service was awesome there. We had to ask for extra towels and toilet paper and room service was great with our requests. The room was beautiful and clean. I would definitely stay here again!
5	When it comes to high end resorts there are a few to choose from. You have the Wynn/ Encore, the Aria, the Cosmo, Mandalay Bay. But for my money the Venetian is the best. I liken it to Disneyland. While other parks have better rides, Disneyland is about the whole experience. Likewise with the Venetian, it is about the whole experience, the atmosphere, the totality of the entire resort, not just individual entities. In Las Vegas there are Better hotels, there are better casinos. However the Venetian takes the best parts from it all and puts it together into a single resort where you can escape, you can get away from the chaos that occurs on Las Vegas Blvd. The hotel is superbly furnished, extremely relating and very quiet. The Casino is exciting, it is not dingy or worn down. There is no choking clouds of smoke everywhere. Then you get to the 2nd floor and are taken to Italy. You can walk "outside" and browse through the Grand Canal shops, Take a Gondola ride and be serenaded as you do. This is my favorite Hotel. Sure it might not have incredible fountains in its front, or doesn't have it's own buffet. But what it does have is the very thing that makes Disneyland so successful. It simply takes you away from life and transports you into a sanctuary where you can take a breath and experience a distant place without the inconvenience of the "real world" where what you imagined it to be, how it should be takes over for how reality really is. And that is why I will be going back.
1	This is suppose to be the best of the hotels in Vegas. I've been to 3 star hotels I liked better. They just want all your money here. They don't care if you're enjoying yourself. Hidden charges everywhere and employees that mislead you. Also, if you do decide to stay here, don't pay extra for the room with the view of the strip. I did and got a nice view of the front of the Palazzo hotel with a little tiny glimpse of the strip. Wasted money everywhere on this trip, and I didn't even gamble!In my opinion, everyone should just stay away from Vegas completely. Or they should just bulldoze the city... You have to be filthy rich to have a good time in Vegas now a days. If you're not, you just get pushed to the side ...Even if you're spending hundreds of dollars. Places seem to start caring about your business when you drop $500 or more all at once.
5	such a beautiful hotel and a reasonable price.the room was so classy, we stayed in an hung out and got room service and enjoyed the bathtub.lovely place!
5	Whenever we wish to escape the day to day grind we look forward to calling The Venetian and reserving a room. We know the room will be superb, the foot tasty and most importantly the people will make us feel welcome. This is a great get away!Thank you Venetian.
5	This was a great stay and a wonderful hotel experience in Vegas! Once you enter your room it's about as comfortable as a hotel can be. Room service is fast and quality, the staff is punctual and friendly, and the casino is clean.There may be more trendy spots, there may be more exciting locations, but pound for pound this is a total Win.
5	From the check-in to the check-out everything about this place screams service. My room was probably the nicest I have ever stayed in before. I mean, 3 TVs, a sunken living area and one of the cleanest rooms I have seen. I also appreciated the fact that they have an attendent near the elevators to make sure people that dont belong there don't go wandering. I flew in that day and saw Kelly Clarkson perfom at their beautiful theater and sadly had to leave the next morning. I would definitely stay again if possible.
5	Hands down, my FAVORITE hotel on the strip!!! I'm spoiled by this hotel and it is the only place I want to stay when I go to Vegas! I have stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip, including Wynn and Encore and I think the rooms here are the best.This hotel is beautiful, upscale, and will wow you away with all the lovely Italian decor. I'm reminded of Venice when I come here... except it's much cleaner, lol. Venetian is the original building, while Palazzo is the new building. I've stayed at rooms at both. Rooms in the Palazzo are slighty larger, about 750 square feet, compared to 700 square feet for a standard room at The Venetian. Standard rooms include a living area and THREE TV's! One TV in the "bedroom", another in the "living room" and another in the bathroom. Living rooms also include a sofa that is actually a sofa bed. What I do not like, is that the cost of a 1 king bed and 2 queen beds are different prices, about $20 difference. If you are pleasant at check in, they may give you a complimentary room upgrade :)Anyways, I think this hotel has it all... except for the Vegas buffet!! LOL. Anyways, I always LOVE the decor here. There is a beautiful shopping area upstairs, with a gondola outside and inside the hotel. The people on the gondolas will sing... it seems very romantic, and hopefully, one day a guy will take me on it. It's kind of pricey though, about $30 a person, but you can get discounts. The stores are a mix of affordable and higher end stores, so shopping here is quite reasonable. There are also a variety places to eat from casual cheaper food court type places to high end restaurants. The only eatery missing is a buffet!The club Tao is also found here and it is also beautiful in there. It is located on the second floor of shopping and the club is 3 stories high including a rooftop pool area, which I like the best because I like to be out in the open at clubs. In the summer, it is also a dayclub called Tao Beach. You can also eat and Asian Fusion dinner at Tao and the first floor is actually a more lounge-like atmosphere. I would say that the club here ranks after XS at Encore however, which happens to be my favorite club in Vegas. But if you are staying at the Venetian, there is a separate entry line and you can get free entry passes from the conceirge desk. They also have a spa here, with fitness facility that includes rock climbing. using spa facilities will be $25 if you are staying at either the Venetian or Palazzo and about $40 if you are not. Lots of fun events ensue here. They have Carnivale in the fall and Winter in Venice in the winter. During both events, there are special performers, singers, and special decoration. I love the Winter in Venice decoration! It is just breathtaking beautiful!! During the winter, also if you gamble and earn enough points, you are invited to attend their Grazie Gifts Extravaganza. Trust me, compared to other hotels, they go all out for this. It is literally like shopping at a store. You check in and then go to another room to "shop". Write down what items you want, go check out and they will call you when they have your stuff pulled up and ready for you. While you are waiting, there is water, hot cider, hot cocoa, tea and coffee. It was my first time this year going and I can't wait for it next year!! Other hotels, it's just a computer that you order from...The main difference between Palazzo and Venetian is that the Palazzo has a non-smoking gambling section and that the rooms are a bit bigger. Price of the rooms are the same at either one. I suggest getting a Grazie card and using it to earn points! That's how I get my rooms comped here!! Wi-fi here is included in the room resort fee... just connect to it! Very easy!Stay here! You won't be disappointed!! I can't wait to go back ... and I just left yesterday!!!
5	The Venetian at Thanksgiving was awesome. I am very happy I chose this resort. Wifi included. The suites are first class, huge bathroom with double sinks, sunken lay back tub (my fav) glass shower, vanity with seat, separate toilet and to in the corner. Bedroom was nice with huge tv on wall. Living area was sunken with sectional sofa, table with chairs, huge tv and desk and chair for office area with printer. Just a classy room. The resort has so many restaurants and shops it is easy to just wonder around and enjoy yourself. Very good location on the strip. The casino was nice and playful. Staff was friendly and provided friendly services. Really like the guy at the elevators checking for door cards to ensure you actually stayed at the resort.  Not sure if I will be able to stay anywhere else after staying here. I have truly enjoyed myself. I will be back.
5	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in...in the world. The suites are massive and simply stunning. From friendly staff at check in, to really great restaurants this hotel is a must if staying in Vegas. Although their room prices can be on the high end, you pay for what you get and it really is value for money.One hint is make sure you eat at the Grand Lux cafe....the food is amazing there and comes at a reasonable price!!
5	This resort hotel is visually stunning and shines with superb elegance. It's supposed to resemble Venice, Italy and although I've never been, it appears to do it justice at this hotel. Just look up the pictures and you'll see the magnificence of this place.Me and my gf got a luxury suite with a king size bed. The room was 600 sq feet and looked amazing inside and was very spacious. We got a stand up shower and a bath tub with 2 vanity mirrors. In addition to our bedroom area, we also had a step down to the living room which had a dining table and desk and corner sofa. Although we didn't pay for a window view suite, we did get a small view of the strip. We had three flat screen tvs in our whole room and even one in the bathroom! So cool.As for the resort and other amenities of this hotel: there is free wifi for the suite and wifi for when you're just walking around the Grand Canal and looking at all the shoppes. I highly recommend downloading the app as they give you special discounts at their restaurants and shops and have a map of the resort hotel. Many of the shops and restaurants are very high end and I never even heard of them so we didn't buy anything. It was a beautiful hotel to walk around in and the great thing about the Grand Canal Shoppes is that it's indoors! Although it looks like you're outside with their sky painted ceilings. Hotel room was a little steep but I decided to splurge on this trip. If you want a luxurious getaway, this is the Hotel to go to!
4	I was here the day after Thanksgiving,  and loved the decor, spacious room/bathroom, services from housekeeping,  location of this hotel, casino, and all the shoppings u can do! U name it... i was in love with this hotel, until after we checked out and valet guy brings our car...............Valet guy must touched our bag and cooler that were inside the trunk, because they were open! I organized the trunk very carefully before left because I received these gifts that were really delicate. Well....guess what? Half of that delicate items, I had to trash because someone moved my stuffs in the trunk, they were smashed and everything was open. I was so upset to the point where I wanted to go to front desk and complain but my husband wanted to just leave. If it wasnt the valet guys, I would give perfect 5, but after that experience,  its more like 3 and half. Never valet park from this hotel again!
5	Out of the hotels I've stayed in Vegas - I really think this is my favorite hotel.Why?The bella suites are awesome! In both the Palazzo and Venetian! It's two queen beds, a pull out couch, a seating area,and a great bathroom. Their bath products are ok, but who really cares about that? So you can really cram a bunch of people here. We got two bella suites next to each other. And you know what? We all fit and everyone had a bed. It was frigging awesome!!There are four or five different pools that you can go to. The largest one is right next to Tao beach where you can hear the music, but not pay for the entrance (except I've gotten in on guest list), and not deal with the hellish drink line.There's the shopping area downstairs, just in case the boys you're with didn't realize you needed BLACK/BROWN shoes to get in and not tennies or Vans.You get comp'ed for the clubs. :) Also, if you get to Tao early enough, it's open bar for ladies til 10. (woot, woot)Easy check-in, check-out.Easy access to Encore/Wynn for XS, Surrender, Tryst, Encore Beach club. Look out for deals on Jetsetter, their website, and a few different voucher sites for better deals. I do wish they had a fridge in the room - but it's ok, We've killed four ice machines (one on each floor) to fill our tub with ice and to chill out drinks. Hehe. Did I mention they have an awesomely large bathroom. There's two sinks, a separate potty area, a tub, and shower area.
4	I love love the Venetian during the holidays!!! It's so beautiful! The other things I like about the Venetian : family friendly, location location location and the rooms are comfy. This was the third time I stayed at the Venetian I would've gave it 5 stars but I had two issues this time . 1: I don't  recommend getting a room near the stairwell. People go to smoke in there and it wafted I. Our room at least once a day. 2: room 142 floor 23 definitely has a lack of hot water in the shower. Out of the 20+ showers that were taken 2 were hot the other were like warm at best. I called the guy checked it out and said it was 98degrees. Whatever I tell you my shower was painfully chilly. I still love the Venetian but will not stay in this room again. Man their pizza place in the food court , think it's Encoteca is AWESOME!!! I dream of this pizza. Another place I recommend I heart burgers. The loco moco and heart and Seoul   skillets are the bomb!! Zeneferino overlooking the canal was the perfect place for thanksgiving .. Delish.  Overall the Venetian is great safe place to get away!
5	I mean, there's really nothing not to love.  Spacious rooms, great shopping, delicious restaurants, fun clubs, affordable yet chic and most important of all, CLEAN!  The Venetian is a go to hotel, especially if traveling in larger groups.  I think we've put 8 or 9 girls in a room before and boy, what a memorable trip that was :DI highly recommend doing brunch at Bouchon if staying here (or at Palazzo).
4	I like it.  It's just like the other casino's on the strip, but this one is close to the north end of the strip and is easy to get to!
5	What else can I add to the hundreds of great reviews?  Stay in the Venezia tower, and traverse the grand hallway.  I do mean grand!  Eat at Bouchon and have pastries at bouchon bakery kiosk.  Go in the hot tubs at night.....yes they are super heated!
5	Never Shows Signs of "Aging" Ever been to a brand new hotel and then visit it 3-5 years later and it looks old and beat? Best Example: The Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. It was beautiful new but just aged so quickly and noticeably.Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Wynn, and The Venetian have all been meticulously maintained. They are never allowed to show their true "age". The exterior paint and windows still look "fresh", while the furniture inside rooms are replaced before they look worn out. This is my fifth stay at The Venetian and it still looks fabulous after 13 years (it opened May 3, 1999). Not many of us our privileged to have been to Venice, but I get to experience a really good fake Gondola Ride.
5	I have been to the Venetian a few times, and recently it was for Tao and Madame Tussauds.  We valet parked once and found parking another time.  Valets were friendly and quick.  They were also really helpful when we asked for directions.  The Hotel itself is beautiful.  The shops and restaurants are nice and spread out.  There is a lot to see and do.  I didn't gamble nor stay in the hotel for the evening but, will update if I ever get the chance.
5	This place is gorgeous. It is so clean and smells amazing. They have so much to offer inside and have a great new casino. They have it decorated so gorgeous for Christmas. The shopping mall connected is wonderful and beautiful. They offer gondola rides through the mall and into the outside for $40 a couple to share. It was too cold for us to go but it looks very romantic. I would highly reckoned visiting!
1	we have stayed in all the known hotels in Vegas and by far this was the worst one ever no costumer service unprofessional and the price you pay you for sure is not worth it even the management is bad they don't know how to handle there guests problems.we payed for a room with strip view and we go to our room and we get a view of the roof of the parking, worst place too stay in,  rooms are amazing but  Venetian has to hire employees that are professional and know how to handle there unsatisfied guests.
5	If you want to get blown away with a prototypical Vegas experience, look no further.  Come here and get it all.  An elite and large casino.  Plenty of tables and slots.  New and old machines keeps players happy.  Being an elite casino, the table games are not cheap.  My only gripe.  Go next door to Harrah's to get the more affordable tables.  Dealers are friendly and helpful, but sterile. I wish they would joke around more.  There are so many nice restaurants in this place too.  The Grand Luxe was a pleasant surprise.  I always eat there.  Go upstairs and get the most visually exciting shopping mall you will ever see.  Don't forget your camera, it will blow you away.  You feel like you're in the real Venetian, except it's Disney clean.  Shops are high end and you need to be a millionaire to shop here, but they are neat to walk around and in them.  You get the feel that you are outdoors too.  All rooms are suites.  Let's make this clear though, they take a room put a partition in the middle and call it a suite.  Still the rooms are nice as in first class nice.  You'll feel like a King or Queen here.  So, in summary, one of the nicest casino on the strip, one of the nicest rooms in Vegas, one of the best shopping anywhere and you get The Venetian.  I really don't stay here because I get comp roomsl like I do with Total Rewards (Harrahs) since the Venetian reward program doesn't give back much.  If they did, I would be staying here all the time.
1	Don't be surprised to see these cute bugs in your room. Room service sucks in this hotel. Room doesn't have a single drawer. I purchased my vacation directly from Venetian and I am not coming here back again. I decided to reserve this hotel after I heard about the Renovation recently. I usually stay at Bellagio where I always stay happy. The casino in Venetian is 5 times smaller than Bellagio's casino. Casino is not as clean . Room service sucks. Sorry but Venetian is not better than 3.5 hotel. You start your morning at 8 am hearing the Room service screaming in the hallway...
5	A couple of tips - the delicatessen on the Grand Canal level has a self-serve soda fountain so refills are free.Self Park is much closer to guest room elevators than valet.  Both are free but you'll have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators when you leave your car with the valet.  With self park you are on the Grand Canal level and only pass a couple of stores before you get the guest elevators.
4	Fun place to hangout and shop also Tao nightclub located there. Message me if you need help getting into Marquee, Tao or other nightclubs.
5	You'll float for about 10 minutes in a comfy gondola in a romantic setting.  We had an awesome gondolier who entertained us with personal stories and ensured we had a great time.
2	Don't stay here if you want to be helped by customer service. They will charge you for everything. Fridge full of liquor. We wanted food in the fridge and not liquor. They charge you even if you take it out. and want to put your food in. Otherwise a $25 charge for a real refrigerator. Help desk very rude and did not care that this would spoil some of my visit.
5	Loved this hotel. My favorite on the strip.  Lots to see and do. The rooms were nice, clean, and comfortable.  Staff very friendly and helpfu.
4	Casino review: 4 starsVenetian is a slot machine player's paradise.  They usually have tons of entertaining penny slots that whoop and jingle and get you excited even though you aren't even making your original bet back.  But that is the evolution of slots today...making it feel like you are winning even though you are losing.  There is a separate non-smoking slot room for those who want to minimize their second hand smoke exposure.  The High Limits slot area is a bit outdated and sparse in offerings.  If you are male and here alone, you will most likely be propositioned by a lady of the night.  I dunno what it is but they like to roam the area here. You will know because they almost always ask if you are having fun.  Then comes the next question - if you want some company.  Just remember you are really not that good looking and if you answer yes, you will have to pay for it! Ha! Their table games have a nice variety and their Blackjack is as good as odds get on the strip.  Most are shoe games, but there are some double deck hand dealt.  MS Stud is also offered, but it is usually only one table. The real perk of gaming here though is that if you join their Player's Club, they offer slot tournaments with free stay almost every week of the year.  My mailbox gets inundated with these and I have yet to pay for a stay here.  They usually have all the newer machines before the other casinos. As far as the odds go, they are ok.  Most of the time I break even here and don't lose my shirt.  Hotel - 4 starsIf you are a claustrophobic, you will love the rooms here.  The amount of space that is afforded as a standard room is huge.  Great restaurants and shopping at the Grand Canal Shops make it almost pointless to leave.  Rooms do show a bit of wear and tear but are not too shabby.
5	Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!What an amazing place.  Expensive YES but spectacular rooms and spectacular service.  I spent my 30th birthday here and I did NOT want to leave.The hotel has plenty of slots, table games, restaurants, entertainment, shopping.  Just something for everyone.  We saw Rock of Ages here and we had the best time.  The customer service was also great.  When we couldn't find our room (because the building is MASSSSSSIVE) an employee noticed and offered to walk us alllll the way to the other side (felt like miles) to the door of our room.  When we tipped him for being so kind, he refused.  Super classy.The rooms were beautiful --we felt like royalty.  The bathroom had a vanity with a chair, a hot tub, and a television in addition to a separate shower.  No noise from the outside but the place is so big that it's easy to get lost.Would live at this hotel if I could.
4	Let me start by saying that this hotel is gorgeous. The interior and exterior of it beautiful, with the Venice-like decorations and the stream running through the shopping area with ride-able gondolas. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the bathroom is lovely with a bathtub, shower, two sinks, and a vanity table. The shampoos and conditioners were good and having three TVs was definitely a plus. You could fit 5-6 people per room if you wanted to. The price is a bit expensive, but the rooms and the ambiance of the hotel are pretty worth it. I stayed here over the Christmas holiday and they had an ice skating rink and a beautifully lit up tree outside of the hotel. They also have various performances outside as well. My only complaint is that the hotel service takes forever. If you ask for more towels, blankets, etc, it takes about 30-45 minutes to get to you. Same with the bell-hop luggage service.
4	If you have never been to Venice, Italy, come to Venetian hotel, just to get a little taste of it first!Love all the painting on the ceiling. Love the grand lobby area. Casino is totally crowded, a lot of action happening!Many good restaurants in the hotel. Love the Canal Shops. While you are shopping, don't forget to check out the gondola~ Great picture spot!!
5	I love this hotel. It's basically it's own world and you wouldn't even need to leave the hotel if you didn't want to. Some of my favorite restaurants are in this hotel and the Palazzo (Carnevino, B & B, etc.), and I absolutely adore the Canyon Ranch Spa. The rooms are beautiful and well maintained, and I find the beds to be particularly comfy. The bathrooms have a luxurious feel to them, and I love the fluffy white towels.Walking around the hotel is really fun, as they have attempted to re-create Venice with the river running through the central concourse and the gondolas and the gondoliers with their jaunty black hats. There is always some sort of entertainment going on, and there is always something to do for entertainment.I highly recommend this hotel. But again, if you hate the smell of smoke and want to avoid casinos, you have to walk through the casino to get to all of the hotel rooms. Also, I can't forget to mention the beautiful pool. There is plenty of seating, and spring and fall are the perfect times to visit to enjoy the out of doors and pool area without suffocating due to the heat.
4	We recently stayed at The Venetian for a week over Christmas/New Years. We had a delightful time! We've stayed at the Luxor and Paris before so this was our first time at The Venetian. I would come back anytime!The rooms were huge (we had a suite with a huge bathroom, bed area, and living room area). Everything was clean and well kept. The bathroom was spacious and luxurious, with a huge tub and TV. Our room has 2 TVs which was totally unnecessary but really nice. The closet space was good. I wish there was a dresser with drawers and not a cabinet under the TV for clothes, oh well. I heard some noise from our neighbors but not a ton. Wifi was spotty the entire time, I did not use it at all.The staff were all extremely nice. Housekeeping was a little spotty - we called once for extra towels and it took 45 minutes to get them. I also noticed our room was cleaned at a different time each day so it was hard to know if we would be coming back in the middle of our service whenever we came back to the room.The casino is nice and huge. The restaurants and shopping options are great. The connection to the Palazzo and Grand Canal Shoppes is extremely convenient. I really liked the location too - I thought The Venetian might be too far at the end of the Strip but it wasn't bad (a quick walk to the Wynn, Fashion Show Mall, & Caesars, a longer walk to Paris, MGM, Aria, and a very long walk to Mandalay Bay).The spa and gym (Canyon Ranch) was amazing. Access to the fitness center is no extra charge with the included resort fee if you stay at The Venetian ($28/day). A day pass for the spa facilities alone is $25/day (a total steal!). Treatments are obviously extra. The spa and gym were huge, clean, and more impressive than I had anticipated.A lovely, luxurious Vegas hotel. I loved every minute of our stay.
5	We did not stay or gamble here, but their guest services desk were extremely helpful and probably have earned a future customer with me.
5	The sprawling Venetian/Palazzo complex may well boast the best collection of restaurants in Las Vegas. From the low-end (Grimaldi's, which is excellent) to the high-end (Bouchon, which is transcendent), you can live here for a month and not even come close to tackling all the food.That, coupled with the shopping of the Canal Shoppes, the suites themselves, and the Canyon Ranch Spa, makes the Venetian my go-to for hotels from here on out.The suites are big, modern and kept immaculately clean. Each of the standard suites has a bathtub and shower in the sprawling bathrooms, and a pair of televisions in the tiered main area. It felt homey, as any place with an excellent bed and nice linens can feel.While all those big things that I've already mentioned have strongly colored my experience, the smaller things made the Venetian such a gem of a place for me. There is an Avis car rental on-site, if you want to take daytrips. And at the base of the tower I stayed in was a Bouchon Bakery, which is perfect for a quick and outstanding breakfast.Overall, a wonderful place. Food, spa, casino, shopping, rooms. Everything about it was great.
5	love this hotel. very nice suit room. even the sofa bed was comfortable. i think their casino is the best one on the strip. casino is high ceiling, bright and not stink at all.
4	Only in Vegas can you go from the canals of Italy to a Chinese New Year display to a boring conference room in less than five minutes.The Venetian is a multi-story, sprawling mass of diverse restaurants and attractions. The free shows are nice, as are the more upscale shops (Kenneth Cole, Godiva, etc.). Still, it cost close to $20 to ride the canals -- little pricy, don't you think?
1	I stayed here and there was construction outside my window, I called to complain, and they gave me $100 food  credit.  I order room service with the credit and got food poisoning. Lesson learned, do not order room service in a vegas mega hotel with 10,000 rooms, its like eating on a cruise ship, you are play Russian roulette.
5	First came here when I was 10 years old and I fell in love with it. I have so many memories in this hotel. Now I'm an adult and whenever I visit Vegas I stay here. The rooms are great and comfortable. The place is so beautiful in my opinion. Although, when I last visited I noticed SO MANY COUPLES AND NEWLYWEDS. I was bummed along with my sister because we were looking to see some cute guys lol. We were not allowed to go to bars or clubs (not 21), so we sat in the lobby and we just saw couples pass in large numbers. So all the single ladies who are looking for some fun you might look somewhere else. But we passed by the TAO nightclub and we noticed many singles but once again it was restricted for us. In the end The Venetian is my favorite hotel of Las Vegas and I can't say I will ever stay anywhere else when I visits hopefully this year.
5	I loved loved this hotel! Absolutely stunning and the suite was SWEET!! Spacious, elite feel, marble floors, plush beds, multiple tvs, sunken living area, grandeur bath! I loved everything about this space especially the price! Got. Great deal from Jetsetter!! It's was a steal. I was initially pressed to stay at the bellagio but the rate was better at the Venetian so I can only imagine what the rooms look like at the bellagio! I am eager to find out! Vegas baby!! November was the perfect time to visit! Not too hot, not too cold!
5	Our daughter stayed one night here for her Las Vegas wedding. The hotel manager upgraded her reservation by giving her a 1700sq ft suite on the 30th floor for the same price as the king standard room. The hotel then brought up a room service breakfast that they said was divine!  I called the front desk on Friday evening to ask for a late check out for them on Saturday and while I asked for noon instead of 11:00am, the hotel gave us a 2pm check out free of charge!!
5	It's one of the best.  We cruised through here a few years ago while staying at the Encore and just due to the fact the it smelled so clean (no smoke smell) I swore this is where we would stay on our next trip.  We paid for a nice room for a reasonable price and was offered to upgrade to the towers.  Highly recommend doing that.  Since we already had a discount for booking flight and hotel, we just applied that savings to the upgrade.  You are so removed from the casino and it smoke free and quiet!  My only pet peeve with this place any of them that consider themselves a "resort" don't Charge me a resort fee per night when I did not ask you to use the facilities.  I came to gamble, eat, drink and see a show, not work out.
1	I purchased a Groupon to the NatGeo Photo exhibit last year.  I couldn't attend, however, held onto the Groupon because I wanted to see if I could apply the amount paid to a ticket for the same event that returned less than a year later.  Calling the box office with this simple question, the rep sounded combative, and made an ASSumption that I expected her to do something over the phone.   I just wanted a simple answer.  All she had to say is go ask in person.  I said fine.  I asked her if she happened to know when tickets were going to be available for the Epicurean Affair.  Once again - "We don't know when, you have to ask the front in person.  We're just the call center."  This is the box office number listed on the website and they don't know anything about their future events?  Why have a call center if they tell you to get your answers "in person" ?I think the only function of the box office call center is to sell tickets.  As far as answering questions, they're useless.
4	I think I might have outgrown this hotel. I used to come here when I was in my mid-teen years. Yeah, "midteen" years, I don't even know if that's a thing. Anyway, the setting of this hotel might be a bit too much "romance" for me. I say this because of the boats with the singing captains moving around the place and just the atmosphere of it all. I give it a four because it is still an amazing hotel and I know I will definitely be back eventually, just probably not anytime soon because I'd like to check out some of the other hotels first, of course.
4	The smoking rooms are in much better repair than on Palazzo side where they put in the damaged furniture. On my last trip Palazzo was sold out so I reluctantly booked at Venetian. Overall, I think they are much more on top of things here. The downside is that they use awful, antiquated thermostats that have knob dials. My room was set to max heat and it was still freezing. Maintenance cleaned the filter from what I could tell but that only helped a little. The light also burned out in the water closet. Otherwise, the furniture was in good repair, the bed was comfortable, and service from Housekeeping exemplary. Small closet safe, I forgot you don't get a larger one like Palazzo. The hallways are nicer here too, as are the views.
5	Shared a suite with 7 girls, the room was big enough for all of us (fold out sofa bed helped!) rooms are clean and pretty nice, the bathroom has a lot of vanity space for multiple people to get ready at once. The Venetian itself is an all-inclusive resort of course, there are nice little places to eat if you want something convenient, good location on the strip, pool and hot tubs for down time, and of course the Venezia theme is lovely.
4	Awesome hotel on the strip with Tao as an awesome club. This is the place that I normally stay at. The suites are huge. Staff can sometimes be slow, but it's not too bad. Very clean and gorgeous place to be.
4	A very nice resort hotel! The suite room is very spacious and comfortable. The only thing is the view, we stayed at the side where is just no view except for some buildings thats still under construction. But it didn't really bother us since we were out on the casino all night! Overall just a great place to stay.
4	I absolutely LOVE this hotel! A girlfriend and I spent our first trip to Vegas here and plan on staying here our next visit. The hotel is one of the cleanest that i've been to! In our roomy Bella two bed queen suite we didn't have a mark on the walls and the white woodwork looked as if it had been maintained quite nice. Our view wasn't too bad but I would of preferred to get a little bit more sunlight. We received a room in the Venezia tower and it overlooked the courtyard and one of the pool areas.The only thing was that we didn't see the 17 inch TV in the bathroom that they advertise on the website. Otherwise we had a smooth check in and smooth check out!
4	This is the nicest indoor walk in town.  You get to stroll by a "river", look up at the "clouds", and hear random opera singers walk around belting some serious crescendos.  This is the one place I can grab gelato and a purse all in one walk.
5	The best hotel in Vegas in my opinion.. We had my bachelorette party here last august and stayed in the Bella Suite. 2 queens beds plus a pull out couch w/sunken living room. The room was beautiful as was the entire hotel. Customer service was great too - my sister picked up something from the minibar then put it back and we got charged for it. I explained the situation to the front desk and they removed the charge without hassle. Would love to stay in this hotel everything if I could!
4	The venetian is amzing.  It is a little cheaper than the Palazzo, but it has pretty much the same amenities.  The rooms are almost identical, except that in the Palazzo everything seems to be gold plated (bling, bling)!  Staff is awesome and extremely accomodating.
4	The rooms are all suites, which is obviously saaaaweeet! Except it can be super confusing to figure out exactly where to go to actually get to your room. There are two towers. Apparently one is the new and one is the old.We were in the old, but was able to check out the new because my parents were assigned there. While the new is brighter, a little more modern and located by the pool, I didn't mind our "older" suite.The Venetian isn't the most expensive on the strip, it's not the cheapest either, so I appreciated the nice rooms. I've stayed at the Aria and Planet Hollywood (and one random awful time share property) this was probably the nicest. I loved having the living room set up with a large sectional, I did find a random frito in it, but I digress. It wasn't a dirty room. I loved the bathroom! Super spacious, stand up shower AND jacuzzi, which I thoroughly enjoyed one day. Plus, extra bonus points for the make-up table and mirror. Plus a separate room for the toilet. The good thing about staying in the "older" tower is you're an elevator ride away from the casino. Can I rate the casino? Eh, I'm not much of a gambler. But I did enjoy the coffee stand right outside the elevators and the gelato stand by the back entrance.I experienced the pool only for an hour one day because we were here in November and I thought it was just too chilly to take a dip. But, the good thing is it's a heated pool! Tons of seating and room in the pool. Plus a large bar outside.The one negative is that I found it to be on the farther end of the Strip. While I thought it was a nice place, I probably wouldn't stay here again because of that. I like to be in the middle of everything. But it wasn't as far as say, the Wynn. Which is WAY too far for me.
4	I adored our suite at The Venetian. The Bella Suite with two queen beds and a pullout sofa was perfectly sized for our girl party of three. The suite has two televisions, one located in view of the two queen beds and the other in the sunken living room with the pullout. The bathroom was beautiful with a large bathtub, standup shower and a vanity. We had a lovely view of the pool, which was in use, surprisingly, as the temperatures during our stay were in the 50s with very little sun. My biggest complaints would be the amount of noise we heard from a private party on the lowest floor that made it up to our 11th floor suite. My friends were more than a little disappointed at the lack of a coffee maker, as our room was so far that going to grab a morning coffee was not a quick and easy task.The Venetian has many high end shops and fabulous restaurants, which we took full advantage of during our stay. We found ourselves lost one evening looking for one of the cocktail lounges, as the premises are quite large and not clearly marked. The trek to our room was a bit further than we were expecting, this kept us from going down to the Casino a few nights after going to our room to change into more comfortable shoes.The Venetian is a great hotel, I will likely stay at it again.
4	Great hotel! Great Service and Great ROOMS!
4	I love the big rooms.The staff is also very kind. We had a wonderful time.
5	Absolutely phenomenal. Gorgeous inside and out. Rooms are as spacious as you can ask for and it's on the strip ... What more can you ask for at 6am coming home from the club?
5	This is the most amazing resort I have stayed at. Words escape me as I walked through the lobby it was simply gorgeous. Chandeliers the size of a large car hung throughout the check-in process. How I heard anything the friendly staff member said at the check-in is beyond me because I was looking up with my mouth hanging open the entire time at the Michael Angelo like frescos! Check- in is complete even with an offer to upgrade. Early check-in, granted, and off to our suite. Put your walking shoes on - i'm not kidding! The resort is so huge! Maybe the size of a small city? You're warned. We were on the 30th floor and that was only half way up. The suite is immaculate with a sunk in living room, L shaped sofa, large desk, small table & chairs with an incredible view of Vegas, separate king bed platform, 3 large flat screen t.v's (there is more but you get the gist) ...one being in the bathroom which was lovely to watch while in the shower or the time spent at the vanity. We were delighted with every aspect of our suite! The staff was unparalleled to any other, extremely friendly and helpful. Every interaction from the concierge to the doorman was a pleasure!  We visited a handful of other resorts on the strip and not one stood above The Venetian. Just to mention one lovely moment we were walking through the gorgeous lobby we happen to be delighted by an accordion player and we stopped to take it all in when he notices us and begins to play a love song, yes right there is the lobby we slow dance. It was a perfect moment!
5	This place is the best bet. The hotel and Resort is amazing.  I'm really not much of a gambler. So I like to walk around and enjoy the hotel. As with many of the hotels in Vegas, there are gambling tables, restaurants buffets, shops and shows. But the nation is an excellent place if you consider the service the place is top notch. Although the place is huge I did not feel overwhelmed. The shopping area of wines in and out of the resort along with the gondola. The food here is exceptional I happily stayed most of my time two days here.
2	The hotel looks great. I do notice though they have shut down there websites. I also notice unhappy employees. I should not need to see this. I could not even get a win/loss player club statement. The employees say the have no clue.I will not be going there this year. They do not apparently need the money bad enough.I can't even get return calls.
1	The Venetian has got to have the most nonchalant, brinking on the rude, staff. No one here smiles, greets you straight or apologizes even after major snafus. The rooms are great and I got a great deal on the room prices. But does that outweigh the terrible service quality? No. I would pay some extra for a hotel with a little bit of a courteous staff. Being in a crappy, complaining mood during vacation is just not worth it. Stroll through the casino, use their restrooms but don't spend even a penny at this place. A cocktail waitress at the casino actually stood around after each drink and literally asked for her tip. At the Grand Lux, our server Liza T was the epitome of bad service and ridiculous etiquette. Add to that she didn't even understand simple instructions- like eggs need to be poached!
5	Awe! Stayed in one of their suites in July 2012.Room was 1500 square feet. Bathroom was just amazing. Very large jetted tub.King size bed was comfy. Coffered ceilings in the bedroom.  Plenty of nice drawers to organize your clothes. Sliding doors for bedroom privacy.Dining room table could easily seat 6 to 8 people. Wet bar is large. Nice size living/tv area. Seats 8 easily. Duel desks.Large bay windows! See pics.Canyon Ranch spa is located at this resort. Largest spa in the world from what I have been told.Spent two afternoons at this spa. Absolutely loved it. Can't wait to visit again.Pool area was so nice. Private just for resort guests. They pass out cucumbers to place over your eyes while you sun bathe. Lovely and relaxing.Lounge chairs are available in the shallow end of the pool in order to get the most out of your sun bathing experience keeping you comfortable in the summer heat.Enjoyed dinner at Bouchon first night. Exquisite! Dinner at Delmonico Steakhouse a second night. Filet Minion was excellent.This is the best resort in Vegas in my opinion. Recommend it for a great getaway. You don't even need to leave the property. Everything you need to enjoy life is available on this large piece of real estate.
2	Never leave any - and I mean not even a piece of cheap jewelry in your room. I had a $30 bracelet taken from my room after we left for a show at 8:30pm! Called security filled out report and they said "we will get back to you in 72hrs. Never heard back. I know it's a cheap piece of jewelry, but it's a matter of principle! Also left my iPhone charger in my room and of course "it was not turned in" . What goes around comes around. Where are all the honest people? Not in Vegas!  This never would happen in The Mandarin, next time I'll stay there!
2	Visited Valentine's day.I don't come here much because I think the smell they pump through property is obnoxious, also the place is so big and without ample signage it is hard to find certain places/venuesSoul 2 soul is a great show and we had a nice dinner at Zepphirino(spelling dicey)The cocktail server in the pit however was NOT amazing. Ordered about 15 minutes into new blackjack shoe(normal), We were the only people playing at the table for 45 minutes so a single drink is obtainable by Vegas service standards of 15-20 minutes roundsGot through the entire shoe up double so we had just colored our chips out when the server came with our drinks and claimed to not know who we were and what we had ordered.  This was not incredible as we could see our drinks on the tray.  I don't think this is acceptable and I am certainly not into this sort of behavior at a five diamond resortI don't so much care about the drink as I am with the lack of hospitality.This woman alone is the reason for the 2 stars.
4	My first time ever going to Vegas with my boys and this is where we stayed. I was actually amazed by the size of the room we got. If I still have the pictures on my phone I'll upload them later. The girl at the front desk was extremely nice and very cute. Since the security deposit was going on my Credit Card naturally I had quite a few questions to ask. She answered them all perfectly and made the check in process go smoothly.Having to walk thru the casino floor to reach the elevators to our room, and also the guard standing at the elevators who checks you for a room key I found to be slightly awkward and unneeded, but after a few days he started to recognize our group and would let me and my buddies go by unbothered.  As everyone knows, the more time you spend at a table, the more drinks you get for free. Big change from the casinos out here in California that actually charge you $1 per hand that you play (house tax) plus every drink you order. Las Vegas knows how to take care of its players and for that I am grateful. I met quite a few different card dealers, one of whom was absolutely hilarious and actually advised me on when to hit or when to stand. Was definitely helpful especially since I was on a $25 minimum table. I didn't actually win any money but he helped the time go by and pretty much kept me at even throughout the night. GO PLAY THE SPORTS BOOK and get a Grazi (I know I spelled that wrong) membership card. I bet on all the hockey games, and won a lot of money, only to spend it all on food the next few nights. But hey, if you play your cards right in Vegas you should be eating free every night anyways. BEST PART: Pauly Shore walked right by us as my buddy and I were getting up from a Blackjack table. Of course my buddy made a huge scene and yelled "Dude, thats Pauly Shore!!" To which he turned around and made eye contact with us with a little smirk and a wink. Overall a great trip. If I ever go back, I would stay at the Venetian again. MY PRO TIP: At check in, tip the front desk worker a twenty dollar bill, and see what kind of surprises and/or upgrades they hook you up with. Hopefully you get someone cool who understands, otherwise its only a twenty spot that you're out. Highly Recommend doing this at every hotel you stay at.
4	Here for the weekend, the hotel is quite nice. Check in was fast and convenient, got a beautiful room on the 21st floor with a view of the pool and the strip. The room has an awesome sunken living room which was great for our pre partying. There are tons and tons of shops and restaurants in the hotel, anything you forgot, need, or want you can find here. Went to Tao nightclub Friday night and had a blast, got a table and bottle derive and nightly recommend it. As always, Vegas is expensive so bring money!
4	Great rooms! Nicely decorated, very spacious, and comfortable with tons of amenities. Bed is super comfy and room has central air. Room service is excellent and fairly fast. Bathroom is huge with large jacuzzi tub & small tv. Robes in the closet were a nice touch. Check in and check out were fast, with helpful front desk staff. Highly recommend this hotel is you're staying on the strip.
4	We had a double queen bed and it looked pretty nice. The room has a living room area that's a level lower than the bedroom level. However, we found that the room had many issues. Many outlets didn't work, the bathroom door didn't lock, etc. but they have everything you need and maybe some extra. I really loved their bathroom. Very well decorated and furnished,me specially the dressing make up area.The pool on the fourth floor was a little disappointing. It didn't seem very well maintained or organized. Maybe if we went in summer time, it'll be different.
5	Shop, Eat, drink, play and stay. No need to leave this resort unless you've never been to Vegas, and you want to explore. Elegant resort with one of THE best casinos.   No tacky and cheap Vegas feel...5 star every where you turn. Bought a package through groupon which included an invited guest check in...their version of express check in. Only 2 guests ahead of us, where general check in was packed. Check in took less than 5 minutes, and our room was available, no waiting.Valet parking is included in the resort fee, and if you're leaving the resort after 11am check out, there is a baggage area that can hold your luggage until you're ready to leave.Stayed in suite 33-127. View of Caesars and the Mirage....pool view below and quite a bit   of rooftop. Suite was clean as a pin, spacious and one of the newly upgraded. Bathroom had a vanity with evening and day lighted mirror, wall mounted flat screen tv, amenities, robes and a safe. The bed was super comfortable and linens were clean and free of any wear or tear. Bedroom and living room each had flat screen tv's...sunken sitting area, dining table and desk. On one night stand, there was an iPhone charging station with radio (Nice bonus). Even though wi-fi was included in the resort fee, it was painfully slow and cell service in the room was weak.Our floor was very quiet and smoke free. Casino, although still a bit smokey, has an amazing filtration system and does a great job at minimizing smoke overload and pumping lots of O2 into the air. But still, as I write this, and being far away from Vegas, I can still smell smoke in my nose! Yuck!All employee contact was polite and courteous and everyone was eager to please. We had great luck at the casino and felt that the payouts were very generous. Plenty of tables and slots.Excellent variety of restaurants and shops, and of course you have the opportunity to enjoy the gondola's and stroll the romantic Italian piazzas.Overall, we were extremely pleased with our stay. Would not consider any other resort.
4	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas while with a large posse of girls. Staff are always SO friendly-- their smiles and greetings are always genuine.  I typically stay in one of the suites... why is it that these things always have huge foyers?  Total waste of space, not that the luxury suites really need more space...
1	This review is solely for a member of the casino staff, not the hotel accommodations or anything else. My friends and I were walking around the casino at around 5 in the morning looking for food after a very hectic night. We were a group of 3 Asian American guys, 1 Indian American guy, and me (Asian American girl). We approached a manager (his name was Jeff), to ask (in perfect American accents) if there were any food places around that were open at that time. He seemed willing to help, and looked over our group for a few seconds, then told us that he wasn't sure what kind of Asian food was around, but that there might be some "Vietnamese or Thai places off the strip" if we wanted to go that far. My friends and I were so surprised by this blatantly racist statement, and gently told him that we were looking for any kind of food, not just Asian food. He seemed a bit flustered, as if he realized that what he said was a bit of a faux pas, and directed us towards a couple open restaurants within the Venetian. We thanked him and left, somewhat in a state of shock. Admittedly, it was very early in the morning, and I understand that Jeff was most likely trying to be nice and giving us selections that he thought we would be familiar with. However, I would think that out of all the different people visiting Vegas every day, the staff should be a little more wary of statements that could be construed as offensive. I'm not saying this guy should be fired, since it was clear that he was trying to be helpful, but I hope he learns that when dealing with customers, it's very important to be aware of political and social correctness.
4	A friend got a room at this hotel and it was great. Enjoyed the decor and the spacious living area. Some of the restaurants were not that great but the casino and the room were great.
5	Wow!!! The place to be.. I was here with my hubby for my small honeymoon :) It's gorgeous! Gondola rides, the show in the shopping area - you get to take pics with the performers :) Our suite had couch, coffee maker, and water. It was big and b'ful. I always want to return to The Venetian!!
5	This is definitely one of my favorite place to be. Every time I visit the experience gets better each and every time. It might not be the newest hotel, but certainly one of the best.
5	Love this place.. If you have not stayed here while in Vegas you are missing out.GREAT roomsFriendly staffFabulous location
5	Gotta love the Venetian. Although it's so expensive I've only stayed here twice, you do get what you pay for. Fantastic restaurants, great bars, beautiful rooms, high end shopping and a facility that makes your jaw drop in it's scale and detail. This trip was for business so I got to experience the convention areas as well. The service by the staff was amazing, especially the food service. I'm always amazed at how you can feed 10,000 convention attendees in an hour and do with without bottlenecks and serve great food to boot! Very impressive. This is a great resort. I'd highly recommend everyone stay here at least once.
4	Only in Vegas.  You can have theme hotels like the pirate themed Treasure Island, Egyptian based Luxor or The Pan Asian Mandalay Bay.  Then there is lifestyle places like Cosmopolitan or Bellagio.  Finally there are country driven properties like Paris and of course The VenetianThe Venetian is well executed.  It has the singing gondoliers through canals in the hotel and is true to its Italian roots.  Then again, does it really matter.I go to a hotel for service, accessibility to food and attractions as well as decent rooms.  The Venetian excels on all fronts.  The service is good especially for a large place.  The restaurants Lavo, Cut, Tao, Bouchon are all top notchThe rooms are all suites.  Of course the secret is walking the 1/2 mile to be in your room, but all is well when you finally arrive.  I like this place, and it seems(for the moment) to be better than any of the MGM hotels. Good stay, central location, good food.......Good choice
4	This hotel is huge! The rooms are super nice and big. Love that there are so many shops and restaurants within the hotel too.
1	Stayed here almost 5 different times now. All times great until today. Was told I had to pay a $75 early check in fee. Which I have never paid before and I always check in early here on weekends. But they 'waived' it to $45 instead since I 'upgraded'...I get to my room and there is still trash in the trash bin from the last guest, notepad with writing on it. Called front desk and all the offer is the maid to come up immediately. Pissed off.
1	About a month ago, a few girlfriends and I stayed at the Venetian hotel. Initially this was going to be a more glamorous trip for us because the Venetian is a little pricier than most but it had beautiful rooms so we were excited.After our first night in Vegas, we woke up and were getting to go to breakast when we realized that every single one of us that had money in the room, in our wallets or suitcases that didn't travel out of the room with us was GONE. As each of us checked our things we discovered almost $1,000 had been stolen (including the girl who only had a dollar bill in her suitcase) and 2 sets of speaker systems. On top of that this thief decided to open our mini fridge as well and take several drinks that we would later be charged for. Immediately proceeding this discovery we contacted the hotels loss prevention center. They came up to our room to take a report from us. Initially they seemed like they were generally concerned and wanted to help us in any way possible, but told us we would not be contacted for 2-3 business days (after we would be leaving Vegas) with the results of our claim.Upon hearing back from the hotel they told us that indeed our hotel had been entered during a time in the evening when we were gone. So my question to them was, how can you fix this situation? Their answer: we can do anything about it . I realize that there is a safe in the room that you can put your things into, like the hotel suggested, but no one comes to a 5 star hotel, like the Venetian and expects to be burglarized! I am so frustrated and let down by the way things were handled by the Venetian. After all of this was said and done and I continued to ask what the Venetian could do to better my loss of $300 worth of property, they continuously shook my calls off, left me hanging and would not help me. NEVER stay at this hotel if you bring nice things with you and leave them in the room apparently it is acceptable to be burglarized and have it shrugged off. I am very disappointed in the loss prevention program and safety of the rooms.  The Venetian, from my perspective is at fault for my losses incurred and I expected much better customer satisfaction.
5	We stayed here for seven nights in March 2014 in a luxury suite on the 30th floor overlooking the strip.This hotel has luxury and efficiency off to a tee, suite was excellent with 3 flat screen TV's, desk in the corner allowing direct access to the suite wi-fi and has a printer with paper and ink to print your tickets to shows and attractions which you can get cheaper by completing the bookings on-line rather than using all the "outlets" throughout the shopping areas.There are over thirty places to eat in this resort with the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian open twenty fours a day. You will not starve as the portions are huge and the prices cheaper than I expected, the Grand Lux Cafe was good for all meals throughout the day. Every restaurant we ate in I consider outstanding.With over 160 shops & boutiques nobody misses out on the shopping front. The casino will never disappoint whether you are a gambler or a novice with bets from 1 cent upwards.If you want 5 star luxury, convenience, safety, professionalism and a once in a lifetime experience then stay here, it truly is in a class of its own and we visited every hotel on the strip to compare it. Second would be the Bellagio and third the MGM Grand. Do not believe the people who say three days in Vegas is enough, we were there for nine days and saw about half if we were lucky. An adult playground that is only as expensive as you make it.The Venetian is definitely my favourite and is highly recommended!
4	I've been going to Venetian/Palazzo since 2007, It's was a wonderful hotel/resort/casino back then and it's still a wonderful hotel/resort/casino til now.Their "suites" which are the base rooms for their hotel offer a more spacious accommodation than most hotels you find on the strip and the best part is that their prices are typically better too.I has been quite a while since I last stayed at the Venetian every since my in law's purchased a couple of time shares in Vegas. So twice a year, we go and stay for a few days and I get to stop by and have dinner at the Venetian/Palazzo. This time, I had a seminar to attend and luckily, the seminar was at the Venetian. For the participants of the seminar, we had a special price of $149/night. I checked in Tuesday evening and checked out Friday afternoon. Even if the hotel room was comped by my company, I still did the $20 tip during check in. The guy was pleasant and I got an upgrade with a view, view was decent, I was facing the T.I. hotel and was placed on the 24th floor.Check in and check out was a breeze. No issues.The only reason why I did not give this a 5 star is their gym. The gym itself was showing it's age. The free weights isn't really the best kind but overall the gym is "okay", usable for someone who just need to get a quick exercise in.
5	They are consistently good. Clean spacious rooms well appointed. Great for business travel. Quite peaceful comfortable beds, I can't complain much.  It would be nice to have updated technology in the rooms or at least adapters to use the latest tech. But other than that it is good. Solid experience.
4	Great casino hotel.  Rooms are all 'suites" with a step down living room from the bedroom. Quiet, which can be difficult to find in Vegas.  Good restaurants and shopping right at hotel. Good location on the strip too
2	Dated Gaudy old den look for the room was not what I expected. Many amenities I would expect from a old motor lodge in the middle of nowhere-ville.. Definitely Not worth the price, I'll be back at Palms place next visit.
5	I have been staying here lately. It's been a while i used to stay all the time but had got a bad taste in my mouth from the service I received when the Palazzo opened. These last few trips have been amazing. The service has picked back up the hotel accommodations have been wonderful. Excellent rooms with excellent views. Very clean, the beds are very comfortable. I love the couch and extra tv in the extra level room. It makes it nice for those that like to stay up late and watch tv while others can rest in the bed without the distraction.  The bathroom is huge and the tub is nice and big for those that enjoy relaxing in a nice bath. The hotel has plenty of delicious restaurants and shopping attached. They do an excellent job of making you feel like royalty here.
2	Average Vegas hotel. Beds are aged, In the morning between 8-10am when you want to sleep you'll hear knocking on doors and a squeaky voice saying 'housekeeping' til you want to scream. Concierge has no clue, got us tickets for re wrong night at a show.
4	Good place to go for a relaxing time. The suite was spacious with sunken living room and 3 flat screens-1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 bathroom.The room was quite new and seemed unused for a smoking room. Was on the 29th floor with a partial strip view of the pool, treasure island, trump and sister Palazzo. I did like the security checking for suite cards to ensure only people who paid for the suites get through. Remote controlled blinds and curtains and have everything needed for computer use. No personal mini fridge though only the mini bar fridge which was stocked and could not move anything to accommodate own items. Food from casual like the grand luxe cafe to the fine dining of zine was wonderful and prices were fair. They have a resort fee of $28 each night for wifi access, fitness center and pool-sort of blows.
3	I attended a conference here.  The rooms are huge, the beds are reasonably comfortable. Housekeeping skipped my room entirely one day (I was in the room working during a break from 1:15 to 2:00).   Overall the property seemed a little worn & dingy.I'm not really a big Vegas person, and I don't see a big difference between this and most of the other resorts on the strip.  if you get a good price here, you should go for it.
5	This is a very late review. Came here on August 23rd 2013 stayed for 2 nights . Let me tell you the check in process was fast. Got the keys within mins. Got to our room and it was jaw dropping so spacious, luxurious, and on top of that beautiful view. I was in luv. The staff were extremely nice and restaurants below were amazing. You wont be disappointed. Price is what you pay for.
4	I stayed here for a whole week and loved each and everyday! You could basically stay at the hotel all week and be fine! The Pallazo is connected, so there are twice as many things to do than a normal hotel. Grand Lux Cafe is a must to eat at- the suites are gorgeous and the beds are comfortable- only con is that you can get lost very easily and to get to your room you have to go through multiple elevators! Hopefully you have a good sense of direction!
2	To be sure, an impressive property -- in fact, it's really TOO big.  Suites are really pretty cool and well appointed. Housekeeping was huge disappointment (asked twice to have feather pillows removed...they never were) as, surprisingly, was checkout (I suggested that  the housekeeping staff be notified of their oversight which I had asked twice to have remedied; the agent suggested I just call again next time...making it my fault that something requested twice at a premium priced resort wasn't done).I'd stay again, but would make fully sure that things like this were addressed.(Note: the hotel did remove my resort fee for the trouble).
2	I used to love this Place, but it's going down hill from a Service perspective.Valet Nightmare!!!
1	I will never stay here EVER again... For the price the room was ok... Planet Hollywoods suites are much nicer an 1/3 the price. The thing that upset me the most was when housekeeping came some of my make-up went missing. The daily charges are outrageous an when I asked about them the front desk clerk was so rude an I was very nice when asking... Had a amazing time with people I was with but the hotel itself will never see my business again.
4	I didn't stay here but am writing from a walk through point of view. As I wasn't able to stay in this fancy hotel, I wanted to walk through it to enjoy the decorations, shops and canals.When you visit, make sure to walk along the canals (you can even pay for a gondola ride) and then relax at a cafe in the plaza (St Mark's Square) area surrounded by live entertainment. I saw jugglers, acrobats and musicians during my visit and it is a neat stop to rest while walking down the main road finishing with a scoop of gelato.
2	Impressive property, but do not play blackjack here!!   They just reduced the payout for a blackjack.  When you get a blackjack at the Venetian or Palazzo, they now only pay 6:5 instead of 3:2.So if you bet $20 and get a blackjack, they will only pay you $24 instead of the customary $30.  It's a sucker's game.  They are hoping dumb gamblers won't care about the lower payout.   By lowering the payout for a blackjack, Venetian increases its advantage by 300%!!!  Instead, play blackjack at Aria, Bellagio, Wynn or Planet Hollywood.  Almost all their blackjack games are full pay.  Don't play 6:5 blackjack, it's for suckers.  Insist on the 3:2 payout.
5	I really don't think I need to explain further as to why I love The Venetian so much. If you truly know me, I lived in Italy for most of my adulthood life, so The Venetian is just the perfect replica of where I grew up and what I'm familiar with. There are evenings when the hotel employees would dress as Venetians in full gowns, masks, and outfits and dress up to play, just like the Carnevale of Venezia that occurs during February-March. This is an on going festival that lasts about a week, so I would think (and hope) that The Venetian follows the tradition as well. From some evenings in April, I understand they participate in the Redentore Festivale, a large fireworks festival at the heart of Piazza di San Marco.Just like the real Venezia, you will see a cute replicated Grande Canale that serves gondola rides along with gondoliers crooning classical romantic Italian tunes to you. I'm very fond of this hotel for all its beauty and the perfect replicated ceilings of fine paintings by old masters. I swear I felt like I was in heaven just looking up at the ceilings. Just beyond the bend of the canal is their replicated and most iconic Rialto Bridge. It's cute and painted to its once original colour, and quite crowded, just like the real thing. Even in the outskirts of The Venetian is the infamous replicated Piazza di San Marco!! I just loved everything about it!If you do not have time to visit the real Venezia in Italy, The Venetian is a small portion of what the real Venezia has to offer. I loved it even though it was completely replicated x
5	Eating on the piazza, gondola ride on the Grand Canal, beautiful marble floors lined with shops and of course gaming.
4	We stayed at the Venetian for my bachelorette party. Staff are always so helpful and friendly and the theme of this hotel is beautiful! I love looking at architectural stuff and this hotel has its own beauty. I think each hotels holds a different theme going on but I sure enjoyed my time at the Venetian. The rooms are clean and I like how they care for the safety of their guests by always requesting their room cards when going up to the elevators. They have a variety of shops connecting to the hotel which I enjoyed alot. I went to Ceasars Palace but I honestly enjoyed the one at the venetian more and at the Palazzos. I have to admit though, it gets super packed especially during weekends. If you want something more calm, I would go for a different hotel but I definitely don't mind coming back here!
4	Class act! Great rooms, great staff and a great casino. The gym is better equipped than most paid gyms. There's plenty of places to eat as well as shop. Stop in the Bourbon Room for a true experience.
4	So after walking around Vegas this is the first time I've actually been here. This place is nice. However everything seems so expensive and I'm afraid to touch because I break I buy. They have a gonadal ride inside and outside the hotel. Lots of high end stores.  Not my place parsay but if u got the money why not ?
1	I wouldn't recommend this hotel even to my worst enemy. Stayed at the Venezia tower the first two nights and was woken up every morning at 5am from a door slamming. Our room was at the end of the hallway and the door that was being slammed I believe was a janitors closet or some kind of employee exit. The slamming wasn't just once but every 5-10 minutes. Come on people it's vegas people don't sleep until 5am. Called the front desk and they moved me rooms into the Venetian tower...... Glad that we were moved but there was a problem in that room as well. Us girls started to get ready for the night and as I was showering the water wasn't going down the drain. Called the front desk again they said they will have someone fix it. I told them we don't have time we need to get ready for the night. The lady then said call back after your done getting ready and we will send someone up. SERIOUSLY gross who wants to take a shower standing in water that isn't going down the drain after someone showers. Seriously lady. She finally said they will move us again for the second time. Moved into the new room and of course something else is wrong with it. The bathroom door doesn't close and the toilet doesn't flush right. For all this money we spent at this hotel I rather would have stayed at the Luxor and gotten a suit. The lady at the front desk was rude as well and didn't want to help out. The only reason I have one star was because I couldn't give a negative one. Never coming here again.
4	Very nice hotel and casino with helpful dealers. I have stayed here about 25 times and always have done well in the Venetian casino.The property is well-maintained and the adjoining Sands Conference center is a great place for a large event.
4	At the time of reservation we were told the resort fee is included but it was a different story at check in. Last time I was in Vegas was almost 10 years ago and a lot has changed since then. This hotel is really great place to stay for it's price. On an average not fight or big event night it runs around $200 a night for suits. The rooms are really nice with 3 TV's basically in each room. Mini Bar included witch is really pricy and I recommend taking your own drinks and ask for a refrigerator for $25 per night. The hotel has a lot of nice restaurants and stores including a gift shop next to the Elevators which is really convenient if you need something really quick. I wasn't to much into gambling since I can't stand the cigaret smell in the casino, even they have crazy air cleaning system running 24/7. Bouchon was my favorite Restaurant which is part of Plazo hotel next door in a short walking distance threw the hotel. It is an amazing french restaurant with great service and hospitality, and atmosphere.
5	This is my favorite hotel is Vegas, i been coming here for over eight years, and i have never had a problem the Venetian couldn't solve, if your looking for a nice upscale, classy hotel and casino ,then this is the place, the grand lux cafe is a great place to have a nice lunch, but room service is always on time, another thing i do enjoy is the casino, i can bring the little kids here and its not like a big party central, i can gamble in peace and know that the family will have a good time while im playing, oh also at night in the casino you can catch a live band playing,awesome
4	Love this hotel although pay attention to the fridge in your room, move anything in it and you get charged for it.  I almost got charged for 6 sodas that I was moving only to make room for left overs.
3	If it doesn't have Barney's New York, I will rate it lower. I mean, is it too much to have shopping places everywhere..? I spent hours passing through the resort, tired and boring..
5	While this place is a little more expensive than others it is terrific.The basic room is humongous and elegant. Normally I just stay at an average hotel because we aren't in the room much anyways. We decided to stay here so that I felt comfortable with leaving my gf back in the hotel to relax if she didn't want to come out gambling with me. It was perfect. There was both a tub and living room for us to relax in.The hotel is in a perfect location on the strip. I really enjoy it for gambling because it has a high class gambling area but also places like the casino royale are right next door if you want a different more up beat crowd or lower stakes.The check-in/out was quick and easy. The hotel has everything you need without even leaving the casino if you don't want to. When we went they also gave us tons of coupons that had lots of great deals for activities and restaurants on the strip.Overall very impressed with this hotel.
5	We stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights when we visited Las Vegas. Absolutely amazing experience, from spaciousness of the room to the cleanliness, to the decor and the service.Our room overlooked the swimming pool and it was really nice to pull one of the chairs by the window, watching people in the swimming pool and reading a book. The Venetian has so many great restaurants (Bouchon, Grand Lux Cafe, Trattoria Reggiano, Grimaldi's etc) and just strolling around was a lot of fun. So romantic and relaxing, actually!We enjoyed our experience and would definitely stay at the Venetial again when we visit Vegas the next time!
4	This place is all about the hotel and the shops.  It's a great place to visit and have fun.  They are more expensive than a lot of the other casinos.  The Bourbon Room (bar) is a total rip off.  Don't order a beer or a drink there.  You'll pay more than you think.
5	Speaking only in regards to the decor, this place is incredible. The canals and St. Marks square is breathtaking, and will impress virtually anyone you bring here. Not only is it beautiful, but with all the people around and the singing gondola singers, you feel like you're really in Italy. One of my favorite places on the strip.
5	I used to come here all the time because my dad worked for sands, the rooms are amazing and the food is great. The Venetian stays modern and still is great for its age. But the lobby smells like a casino..
5	Beautiful. They have wonderful paintings. They have gondola rides for both inside & outside. Me, my bro, his gf & my bf took the inside one, because of the lovely paintings & scenery we got to see. Few bridges we got to go under too. Venetian is all about Italy & thats why it looks the way it does. Totally Italy look..I recommend anyone to experience riding the Gondola ride. If you don't, you can still see all the beautiful paintings at this hotel. You have to visit this hotel while visiting Vegas...
5	I looove the Venetian. I stayed at the Bella suite for my birthday and fell in love with the interior of the hotel, it was beautiful! Especially the fountain they have out front ha our go to spot for a group picture. It was a very comfortable and clean stay and the bathroom was my favorite part. What more can a girl ask for? BUT I was deathly hungover the next day and in need of some Gatorade so I called to have some Gatorade delivered and I paid $20 for two bottles. Pricey much? Next time I will just go down and get something myself.
5	The rooms here are nice, although the phone chargers take forever to charge your phone.  Just bring your own charger and you'll be all set.The particular thing about the Venetian that I would like to highlight and recommend is the exhibits that they have near the front desk when you walk in.  I have been to both the Leonardo Da Vinci exhibit that they had and the National Geographic's Best Photos Exhibit.  Both were wonderful!The Leonardo Da Vinci Exhibit was amazing, they took his famous notebooks that he wrote and they built a lot of the items in them so that you can see the concept come to life.  It also features a huge blow up of the Mona Lisa and a history on it.  I am well read on Da Vinci and love him, and there was even information in there that was new to me, like about the water spot under her eye because Napoleon used to own her and hung her in his bathroom (Really, Napoleon, you giant jerk?)  Anyways, it was a great experience.The National Geographic exhibit was also awesome.  It was a gallery of their 50 best pictures, or top 25, I can't really remember, but it was amazing.  I took my sister to this and she also loved it.  The exhibits tell the background story of the photograph and some include the frames that were shot along with the photo.  The photos are beautiful and the stories behind them are just as beautiful.  Definitely worth going to.The ceiling in the entryway when you come in off of the strip next to Tao and the Candy Store thing is beautiful, you can lose track of time looking at the beautiful detail.  The Gondola's are also worth seeing.  I haven't ridden them, but they are so neat to look at especially if you have kids.  The St Mark's Square area is also pretty cool.Overall, its a beautiful casino and hotel, Las Vegas should be proud to have it.
5	We have been coming to Vegas almost 10 years now, and the Venetian is our favorite hotel. Their standard rooms are better than other hotels, larger and more luxurious. The location is great, close to most of the hotels we like to visit. The casino is nice as well, and we like gambling there.  There are great choices for restaurants too.  And the pool is beautiful, even though the music does seem to compete with the music from Tao beach.
4	Gorgeous hotel! Didn't stay here but did you know Carlos from the food channel has a bakery here?!?! WHAT WHAT?!?! Yummerz. Be prepared for 1+ hour long wait though.
2	In summary: On its way from classy to ashy.My most recent stay was Christmas 2013 and am apparently still bothered enough to write a review half a year later. The room had a very strong odor of fried food and funky oil, strong enough that we're pretty sure the room is on top of a kitchen or has poor exhaust vents. For multiple reasons we did not bring it up at the time to switch rooms, but in retrospect I wish I had. After being bombarded with cigarette smoke, fake vanilla pumping through the casinos, the last place I want to smell is a hotel room. Even after we checked out, the clothes in our suitcase smelled like it'd gone through a shift at a McDonalds. No biggie right? Maybe if I weren't headed straight to a family reunion where I'd be meeting BF's extended family for the first time!I guess where it really gets sour is when I contacted them immediately after we got home, I received an obviously canned response like it wasn't the first time someone had complained and said we should have brought it up while we were there. I wasn't looking for comps or a future upgrade, just an acknowledgement and at least lip service they'd look into it and fix it for future guests. The rooms are spacious but over the years they are starting to show their age with stained carpet, peeling wallpaper and dented furniture. There are always newer places to stay so if they don't keep up, people will go elsewhere.If you don't know, now you know.
4	Stayed at the Venetian for the first time last weekend and had a blast!The hotel staff was outstanding. Prior to arriving, I requested that my King suite be placed next to my friends' Bella suites, if possible. Staff immediately accommodated this request. When I checked in, the front desk staff already had my request noted in their system and put me next door to my friends. I also requested a few items, such as a cork screw, throughout my stay and the staff delivered within minutes.Love the fact that TAO Nightclub and TAO Beach are located at the Venetian. We had guest list to TAO Beach and it was easily one of the better Vegas pool parties that I've been to. My group had fun at TAO Nightclub...probably because it was less crowded than usual. Or maybe it was the fact that the DJ didn't make my ears bleed by playing non-stop EDM. Either way, it was fun.I probably would give the Venetian five stars if my suite had a damn MINI-FRIDGE. Come on, even most Motel 6's have one. I thought I had found the mini-fridge, but I was informed that it was actually a "refreshment center." What the hell is a refreshment center? It's something that looks like a mini-fridge, but only holds hotel beverages that charge to your account if you slightly move them. Would I stay here again? Probably.
1	DO NOT GO HERE--THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY!We booked 4 suites for 16 people. We put down a deposit. I logged onto my account to discover that they have charged me DOUBLE for the deposits. I immediately called and was told that I would be credited within 5 to 10 business days. A total of THREE WEEKS with no credit to my account. I called again and they claimed that it's my bank's fault that I don't have my credit yet. WOW. Passing on the blame! Customer service was rude. I called my bank...they don't even show a pending credit. Now I have to file a claim against them with my bank to get my money back. I've sent customer service several emails----didn't even respond. Don't book here! They are theives!
5	My new favorite place to stay while in Las Vegas.  Great room with remote control shade and drapes, sunken living area, and very nice bathroom.  The hotel staff were great and very helpful.  Inside there were a ton of shops and restaurant choices.  I visited the pool and while they aren't deep, they are a great escape and area to relax.  Loved my stay here.
5	This was by far my favorite hotel that I visited while in Vegas. It was breathtaking. The ceilings were painted like the Sistine chapel. Most of the stores and restaurants were way out of my price range, but there's nothing wrong with a little window shopping. Every hour or so performers put on a show with singing, dancing, and a little interactive acting. There is a little river with boats you can ride on and a guy or gal rowing the boat will sing to you in Italian. Very cool!
1	At the time of year 2002, the Venetian was the top of line for me. The hotel stay was about $250 a night. I stayed with friends for about 3 nights. The room was huge having 2 queen beds and a sofa queen bed. There were 2 TVs.  One TV in the sofa area and another in the 2 queen beds area. The only issue is that if you remove or move a any items in the refrigerator, then you would be charged that rate for the removed item. I was charged a rate, in which my friend argued with them and they removed the charge.  Now it should be a 3 star hotelI have stayed at the Venetian back in 2010 and it was not well taken care of. For better rooms, you would need to stay in the Venezia or the Palazzo. The rating of this room is still ok, but not as clean and taken care of as the rest of the other hotels.
4	The Venetian embodies the meaning of luxury. The rooms are nothing like you would find at any other hotel, you feel like a high roller even in the standard suite. The Casino is massive and has its own signature scent. I recommend this hotel if you need some pampering.
4	First time to stay here. One of the hotels I have been looking forward to stay in  Las vegas. The room didn't disappoint me. I like the style. Very modern and clean with a little mix of European theme of course. The service was ok. Maybe because we came here in the busiest time of the year. The room rate is too pricey as well of course. The swimming pool is one of the pride of this hotel. I love it. Just like other hotels, casino and restos are in the first floor. One thing about this hotel which I didn't like is, it's such a big maze. It's hard to get from point a to Point b because it's big and the directions are very confusing. Another thing- the bell desk guy didn't take care of our luggage so one of my friends bag got a huge tear at the bottom and she lost her cellphone charger, we address the issue but the lady just told us to go to Walgreens and get a new one. Wth. They never make up with what happen. But otherwise I still love the hotel because of the European theme and design but hopefully will improve the service.
4	I absolutely loved the Venetian. We stayed in a pretty large suite, so I am not sure how the basic suite stacks up. It's interesting to see so many mixed reviews because I didn't find anything wrong with the place. Clean, friendly, accomodating staff.... The ventilation didn't bother me- and I am not a smoker and can't stand second hand smoke. It's a great location with fabulous resaurants. My favorite was one I cant remember the name. It was a chineese restaurant near the craps tables. Authentic,  delicious. The resort is also positioned right smack where you want to be in the strip, near Ceasars, MGM, Bellagio, Aria and so on.The bathroom in our suite was the highlight, totally romantic. Feels funny to, say, but true.I really couldn't find anything wrong with the place. Great dealers. The only reason I gave four stars out of five is due to the decline in the black jack pay out, from the average 3:2 to 6:5. The babe and I love all the table games and black jack is a highlight for both of us, so it's disappointing they lowered the pay out:(
4	We had a great experience at the Venetian! I won a few nights free from a game show and only had to pay the resort fee which included super fast in suite wifi so I didn't mind. The lady at the front desk upgraded our room to include a view of the pool because she saw my birthday was a few days earlier. We had a luxury suite which was the standard room but there was nothing standard about it. It was seriously nicer than my apartment! Just absolutely beautiful! The bed was like sleeping on a cloud and the bathtub was huge and luxurious! I took off one star because getting to our room was slightly confusing having to use 2 different elevators and the food was pretty pricey. Plus it is basically at the end of the strip so we had to walk far or take a cab to some places. If you have the money though, it was pretty incredible and everyone was very friendly. Would love to stay there again!
4	I'm more of a fan of staying near the center of the strip (Aria/Planet Hollywood), but we decided to finally try something new and book a room here. We booked the Bella Suite and the size of the room was perfect. The beds were comfy, the flat screen televisions were nice, and the living room had a full office setup if you needed it (which one of our guests did). I'm a big fan of nicely done bathrooms and this place didn't disappoint (not as good as Aria's though), but I never understood why some of the nicer hotels don't believe in locks for their bathroom doors. My biggest (and only) gripe was navigating through the hotel. We were located in the Venezia tower and we had to take multiple elevators and go down several halls to get to our hotel room (which is not an easy task after a long night of Vegas antics). Also my cousin parked in the garage and that took quite some time to find because of the specific elevators you needed to take to get there. Even the employees gave unclear directions.The actual hotel was great. There is a large shopping mall attached if that interests you and also tons of restaurants that are actually worth going to if you are looking to splurge a bit. The crowd here is generally a little older than some of the more "hip hotels" (which can be both a good and bad thing). I'm not a fan of TAO, but the hotel is located close enough to Wynn/Encore so it's easy to go there for all your clubbing needs.
5	Stayed here back in March . I dropped a 40 dollar "sandwich" on the counter . It was swept away quickly and I am still unsure if I received anything . Anyways my loss. The resort is great though rooms are beautiful .The gym was very nice too .Pool are beautiful and lots of seating .I was pleased that  they didn't take your drinks away ,or even search you when you entered the pool area or hot tubs . And the pool and hot tubs on the 10th floor I think it was ,were open until 10 pm . Wi-fi was also available everywhere. Overall one of the best resorts I have stayed in .
5	Room was gorgeous and we got a really great deal :) One of my favorite places to stay at in Vegas. Staff is super friendly and courteous.
3	The room was beautiful , very east to get confused ! Gondola ride nice but short! Glass table in the living area a bit oversized i hit it twice bruised and scratched had to fill out an incident report ,which took over an hour wasn't happy! They did come remove glass though! Overall nice but don't hurt yourself !
3	Did Venetian/Palazzo for shopping and a meal.  I actually prefer the Venetian.  They had liver performances in "square" that were good and just sitting and having a bite, enjoying the entertainment and people watching was enjoyable even if locals would call it 'touristy".  So what?  Tourists come here for a reason.
3	This hotel is so beautiful. I have stayed here the past few times I have been but I am not sure that will happen again. I took a nap of the couch in our suite and I woke up to a rash on my arm!! I am not sure if they are bug bites from bed bugs or what it is but I know they were not there when I went to sleep. Gross. Be careful if you come here!
4	Had a boat ride it was sooooooo romantic I'm really shy so didn't like, Hugh crowed of onlookers recommend for shy people have a few drinks first and don't wear heels very rocky get on and off.all boat drivers can actually sing they sing twice.you cam share a boat with another couple for about $40  or private for $78 we did the private one.Ride is about 13 min long.Awesome experience.
4	It was my first trip in Vegas. My girlfriends and I stayed in Bella Suite. The room was beautiful! It had beautiful receiving hall. Also, it had two large 50" inch LCD television. There is one in the bedroom and in the living room.  Also, the bathroom was large and I loved the toilet because it had it's own room. I admired the well lighted mirror in the bathroom. There was a vanity and closet inside the bathroom. It was a lady's dream. I admired the bed! It was comfy. Also, Wallgreens was right outside the Venetian which it was practical. The Fashion Mall, Wynn, and Encore was few minutes walk. I took one star off because the fax machine's printer in the suite did not work, which it was inconvenient for me. Also, the wifi was slow. Overall, I enjoyed my stay in Venetian. I am willing to stay there again.
4	It was really a great sty. I've stayed on the strip at some of the other higher end hotels but this is ALMOST right up there with the rest. Incredibly well maintained, amazing rooms with those great large perfect bathrooms and rich looking spaces. Big Screen TV... I think 50"... but who's watching! Location, Location, Location. It is at the center of everything. The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is that there are a few others that are. I don't want to list them because I don't want to send people elsewhere. It is though amazing and all that Vegas should be!
4	Such a great staff of friendly, helpful people. At every turn, when we were lost, not only would the staff help us with directions but give us advice of where to go in the hotel AND outside (where to shop, dine, hike, even where to take great photos).When finally exhausted went back to our room and met with a comfy bed and delightfully soft pillows. My husband sleeps without pillows and found the bed to be perfect. For those that don't work out I say start here, take the time to explore the gym, our favorite part of the hotel. After a great work-out they have great smoothies, blueberry, strawberry...$5.00 from 7-2. The Canyon Ranch Cafe has great food and healthier choices. We recommended it to an older couple and saw them later, they so enjoyed!So, go, enjoy, workout, maybe book a little spa trip....then go up and have some wine and gamble - you will be in tip-top shape!
5	I do have to say that their all suite hotel rooms are my favorite rooms on the strip.  We had a huge living room attached to our room.  Probably our second favorite rooms are Paris.  This review was for rooms alone.
4	Highly recommended.The Venetian takes the point of view of designing a resort that has a casino rather than a casino that has a hotel and it is a very important distinction that shows, from the luxurious rooms to the quality of the room service and that the staff provide.
5	Stayed 5 nights and everything was excellent. Easy check-in, clean room, 3 working TV's  and excellent house keeping.Add the great location on the strip - it's an easy 5 stars.
4	This is my first time staying at this hotel. It's really nice, and right on the middle of the strip, but you're definitely paying for the location. The room is nice as well, but I've stayed in other hotels here in Vegas with way nicer rooms at half the cost.I love all the shops inside the Venetian too!
3	My fiance and I booked a room here when we came for my brother's wedding. I was excited to stay at a high end hotel in Vegas! We booked one of the regular rooms. I think my overall experience there was okay. The room size is decent and the bathroom was clean and had a nice vanity mirror. The bed was clean, huge, and comfortable. Although when i came home I started to get some itches and rashes. But I have sensitive skin so it might be due to a different detergent. A few cons: our room door kept malfunctioning while trying to swipe our hotel key. the view was less then spectacular with the roof of the hotel, the complimentary bathrobes was starched so stiff you can almost surf on it, and when my fiance tried to sit on the couch some wooding was sticking out in the back.  A bit hazardous! I think the general layout is lovely but it needs a bit of renovation and fixes. The casino there was great though. Surprisingly we had fun and won a bit also.
5	I've book this hotel for my 2 year anniversary with my husband from June 1st to June 6th. Let me tell you... definitely not a disappointment! I was in LOVE all over again! It was very beautiful and very spacious! The downside and complaint I would have is the mini-fridge. Since they stock it with all of their drinks, we were unable to store our bottled water in there (unless we want to remove it and pay the consequences with an arm and 3 legs... NO THANK YOU!). Oh, and there also isn't any microwave in the room either. My husband had to go into the canal shop (which is also a part of the Venetian) and ask one of the restaurants to see if they can microwave our food for us. Luckily, they did. The pool area is also very lovely. They had several pools with different sizes which was neat. It made me feel like I was really in a foreign place.I will definitely stay here again.
5	This is a 5 start hotel.  The rooms are no joke!   It's like they are all suites. Amazing huge fluffy needs brings a new meaning to sleeping on a cloud.  They had a full sectional couch with a fold out Bed in the living room.3 tvs in the roon one is in the bathroom
2	This is the 2nd time I have stayed here once about 9 years ago fantastic clean roomsupper scale casino.This time I stayed upon checking in some 20 year old dropped there half rack of beer on the lobby floor . Ok got to my room 4th floor, the previous guests garbage still my room and light bulbs burnt out.the 4th floor is the same level as the pool loud floor with a lot of drunk fowl mouthedyoung people throwing there plastic beer glasses on the floor out side the elevator,and taking about how big there parts are.would not stay there again if you are 20 years old and just want to party and get drunk and listen to loud music this is the place for you.
4	Decent rooms and you don't even have to walk outside for shopping! Nice big pool, and Tao isn't bad so long as it isn't packed. Can't beat great shopping in your hotel!
1	I was at Venetian Hotel at 1 month ago, and my camera was stolen inside the hotel. It is a very experience camera and I ask for the help. The security department of the hotel said they didn't see any camera, than I asked that I they can check the security camera record to find the thief, but they refused. That time, my heart was broken because of the lost camera, it was my everything.  It feels like the hotel really doesn't care their customer's proper, they ask interested in make money.
4	I know I always get confused when it comes to walking round at all these hotels in Vegas, but Venetian is the queen of confusion! The hotel is pretty darn nice and fancy, and thank god I split the suite with 100 other people. Just kidding, only 6 of us. Well since it was EDC weekend, the price for the suite was around $825. But you know what? This price is pretty good because I got a great view of Encore beach club, the Trump tower, Treasure Island, Mirage, etc. The suite I got was so nice and big. The couch that was given to us was an L shaped couch, which its long enough for 2 people (one short friend and one tall friend). The two queen size beds were comfy and they feel clean. The beds are definitely not for people with back pain because the beds are super soft and bouncy and you will sink in. The bathroom is big but not that impressive. I guess the only cool thing about this is that there's a TV in there. Yes, I was watching family guy while taking a shower. Speaking of shower, there's a bathtub and separate shower stall. So if you're not going to use the bathtub, then use it to fill it with ice and put your alchies in them. My toilet room was really dark and the door to it was sorta broken because it wouldn't close all the way. The overall door to the bathroom is a double door so the gap between the two doors had a gap. So if you are staying with a creepy friend, be careful.Other than the rooms, everything is nice. The elevator is fast, the staffs are nice, and security is high. The restaurants are expensive here, and same with all their bakeries like Bouchon and that Cake Boss dude. The shops here are more on the high end. The cheapest store I know here is actually Walgreens and maybe Sephora. Im not sure if they have any buffets here though. The casinos are of course expensive and they have your typical slots machines and tables. Overall, this hotel is clean and safe, and it's a once in a lifetime stay for me. (well....unless I make $$)
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #140 - #365The Venetian is one of the older bigger hotels in las Vegas. Built on the former Sands site and opened back in 1999 along with Paris and Bellagio. The theme here is pretty obvious it's Italian just like Bellagio.The plus side of the Venetian is it's an all suite hotel and the standard rate is at $129 with player's card. Look at it this way, "who spends most of their time in the room while in Vegas?" Unless you're bringing a huge group of 8-10 people and splitting the room bill. The Venetian is just as massive as the Bellagio and the casino is designed to confuse you so you can't find your way out and instead end up spending more money in their tables or slots. The pluses:-Replica of the Rialto Bridge-Grand Canal Shops-Venetian facade by the entrance-All Suite hotel-Location between the Wynn, Palazzo and across from the Mirage. -Great pool complex-Walgreens outside by Sephora-Food Court next to the Grand Canal Shops-Wifi in the rooms The cons:-Huge size-Smokey Casino-15 minute walk from the room to the strip.-Resort FeeThe Venetian has similar room rates compared to Wynn. So I'll just take my pick and stick with Wynn/Encore because they seem more upscale and private compared to the Venetian. Or if I'm looking to book a suite, I will go with the Palazzo because it's newer. I feel the rooms at the Venetian need a major overhaul. It may seem luxurious, it's just feels so outdated and I noticed a lot of dust on the furniture. It's a nice hotel with great perks it just doesn't compete with Wynn / Encore.
5	Luv the room!! It is well worth it with spacious living room area separate from the sleeping area! The deco is fancy and modern worth the price. If you are club member, should upgrade to different suite and Oh, don't forget to dine at Grand Lux Cafe! Superb food!!
3	Decent rates and the facilities were clean. The gym and guest pool are ALLLL THE WAY on the other side of the hotel though. It was like a maize to get there. For someone with joint problems and needed quick knee therapy, the gym was a long walk. Staff members were alright if you needed help. You have to take multiple elevators to get pretty much everywhere within the hotel. Housekeepers were loud as my note requested them to just replenish what was needed, quietly. I wouldve given the tip had they just been in&out, but they didnt follow the request and kept knocking on the door, yelling housekeeping, and slamming doors. This is a very nice european inspired place to stay at. The bad thing? We stayed in the bella suites, which was nice, but whoever though abt the functionality of the room, didnt really do a good job. There was no fridge to hold food that we took back. The mini bar fridge wouldnt even do as it was not a cold fridge. The restroom had no ventilator.  The restroom room itself was inside the bathroom, so if someone was showering, you couldnt go in there as the shower was made of glass door and the tub didnt have a curtain. Also, both the restroom and bathroom door didnt have a lock... And the bathroom doors had a gap where the doors met. The walls were thin, you can hear people using the restroom/shower. If that was the case, they shouldve switched the bed area with the sunken living room space.
4	This has and always wjll be my hotel. Owned by the same owner as the palazzo both these hotels are very nice designed and maintainedGreat restaurants, sushi samba and carnivino, and atmosphereThe nightclub or lounges aren't great in this hotel but the Wynn and encore are the next hotel down walking distanceThe rooms are nice a spacious. Not very contemporary but still nice
5	My first time staying here and I loved it!!!! Wow!!! Last time I was in Vegas The Palazzo was under construction so it was nice to see it completed. There is lots to see and experience, so come prepared to take it all in. All the rooms are suites and very spacious. Aside from Tao restaurant there is also Tao Beach, so if you are here during peak season, don't forget to check it out.
4	Extraordinarily beautiful hotel inside and out. Our first interaction was with Chelsea who accommodated us upon check-in. She was genial, informative, and energetic despite the late hour of our arrival. A good first impression!Our room was spacious and luxurious. A large bathroom with marble sinks and private toilet coupled with a huge suite featuring two large TVs and a beautiful view of the pool areas and the red rocked mountains in the distance. The bed was very good but not great. It tended to feel worn and by the end of the week we yearned for our home king. The bed wasn't bad, but certainly forgettable.The interior of the hotel is cavernous and the details spectacular. The varied and vast restaurant offerings will have you questioning your need to leave the property. We frequented Tao nightclub and it was electric but crowded. The doorman expedited our entry and waived the cover probably because of my wife because the guys in front of us didn't earn the same favor. We don't tend to be clubbers, but I was impressed with the sound system, ambiance, and clientele. A little rowdy and loud, but that's what clubs are for. We also went to the Bourbon House for two nights to close things out and disappointingly the music had little variation. It is 80's themed, but the same music was played each night. Our waitress was brutal and the guy who served as an MC was as cheesy as it gets. For cheap eats (relatively speaking) we ate lunch one day in the food court. We had pizza at Social LIfe and it was actually one of the best pizzas we have ever had, and I consider myself a pizza connoisseur. We did the build your own and it was extraordinary and filled us for the rest of the day. Many people have commented on the smoke in the casino. I gambled less than I had expected for that very reason. Inhaling smoke from every direction was the best way to keep me out of there. I am surprised that they don't do a better job with filtration or segregation of smokers. Our last night there we returned from another casino and the Valet service was brutal. No one would give me a ticket and the one employee named Harry ignored me and brushed past me when I asked him if anyone was available. If a resort boasts five stars, there can be no missteps. I asked the next valet (Chris?) if it typically takes this long, and he said, "What do you want me to do, I am the only one here.?" Ironically he wasn't the only one there because the first gentlemen who I parked with was more rude than Harry, but I didn't get his name. I empathized with (Chris) because he was the only one hustling. Waiting ten minutes to have someone give you a ticket for your car is a bit much particularly after a long night. We got in around 11 PM, so it wasn't as if it was rush hour.Overall the hotel is extraordinary and I would gladly stay there again. The level of service is vacillates between top-notch to disappointing. We tried the Concierge desk late at night and instead found a Guest Services agent who was curt and devoid of knowledge. Given that I have only been here once, I don't know if this is the norm or the exception. The pool area is tremendous and the grounds are meticulous. A great place for couples or friends who want to have a good time in Vegas. I would recommend for those over 30 as the vibe is more traditional. We barely scratched the surface in our four days there, but is there ever enough time to uncover everything in Vegas?
5	My second time staying at this hotel and there could only be good things that are said about this hotel this second time. I like that their room and bathrooms are spacious and always so clean. I love the Venetian and if I could stay here every Vegas trip, I would. The place makes me really feel like I'm on a vacation. The relaxed feeling I get from Venetian is astounding. I love the feeling of sinking into the comfortable bed each night and having a restful sleep. During the afternoons, I went to their smaller pool to relax where there are fewer people. Cheers to another pleasant stay here at the Venetian.
2	With so many choices of hotels in Vegas, this one isn't the one to choose. The furniture in the sutie was worn and looked quite dirty. So much in fact I refused to sit on the couch. Yes, the decor is supposed to "feel" Old World but isn't supposed to actually have been used in the Old World - yuck!
4	It's hard to believe the 5-diamond, all-suite Venetian Hotel rose from the dust of the Sands way back in 1999. The opulent Casino, famous Grand Canal Shoppes, 24-hour Race & Sports Book, and large Suite Hotel Rooms (with sunken living room and Italian-marble baths) are just a few reasons the Venetian still reigns as a spectacular destination for an unforgettable Las Vegas vacation.Of course, the Venetian is inspired by Venice, Italy (sorry, California). Several detailed replicas of landmarks from Europe's most beautiful city include Piazza San Marco (St. Mark's Square) with Campanile di San Marco (St. Mark's Campanile Bell Tower) and columns for the Lion of Venice and Saint Theodore. Other notable reproductions are Palazzo Ducale (Doge's Palace), Ponte di Rialto (Rialto Bridge), and Ponte dei Sospiri (Bridge of Sighs). Here are your best bets for a good time at the Venetian:Rooms * There are more than 4,000 suites at the Venetian * Luxury Suites with King bed are standard & 650 sq ft * A 700 sq ft Bella Suite has 2 Queens for about $30 more * For either, about $40 upgrades to a Suite with a View * A Venetian Piazza Suite is 1400 sq. ft and only $150 above Luxury * Another $50 can get you a Venetian Prima Suite (1500 sq ft) * Rates get high for larger Renaissance & Penthouse Suites * An In-Suite Breakfast offer is available, but not my style * The Venezia Tower is newer, but may not be for everyone * Book online & check discount packages for the best deals * Daily resort fee: $25 + tax ($3): Fitness Center, Internet, & 1 coffeeDining * 15 Fine Dining ($$$$) restaurants are tempting * Recommend CUT, Bouchon, Delmonico, AquaKnox, or SUSHISAMBA * Over 20 casual eateries will fit more budgets * Try Public House or B&B Burger & Beer * Grand Lux Cafe is open 24 hours * The Venetian has several bars to get your drink onShows & Activities * Tao Beach & Night Club is THE club at Venetian * The Race & Sports Book is uniquely open 24/7 * Rock of Ages musical (Tix: $69-$167) * Panda! features Chinese Acrobats at Palazzo ($68-$158) * Lipshtick rotates female stand-up comedians ($75-$120) * Human Nature has Australians singing Motown ($74-$118) * Get married (if you must) at one of their Wedding locations * The DaVinci Exhibit was a waste of $27.50 to see replicas * Canyon Ranch SpaClub isn't cheap, but you're on vacation * Semi-romantic types can ride a gondola indoors and outShopping * Grand Canal Shoppes has shops along an indoor canal * The stores are open 10am - 11pm (midnight on Fri/Sat) * More than 160 stores with mall favorites, boutiques, & high-end * Louboutin, Burberry, Ferragamo, & Fendi are highlights * Some will like Jimmy Choo, Coach, DvF, or Michael Kors * It'Sugar is always sweet * Many of the restaurants are located along the Grand CanalParking & Location * Near the North end of the Vegas Strip by its sister, The Palazzo * Across from the Mirage and Treasure Island * Free parking is in an 11-story parking garage * Follow signs from main Venetian entrance * Valet is easier sometimes if you don't mind waiting & hate walkingThe Venetian Resort Hotel and Casino is a truly remarkable Vegas Strip hotel offering upscale value and amenities for reasonable prices. It should be one of the first places you check for reservations before any trip to Las Vegas.
3	Just got back from 2nd trip out to Vegas and The Venetian ~ and The Venetian is starting to show its age and the level of service has dropped since our last visit about 3 years ago. Then I would have given it 4.5 stars.Last time the room was pristine. This time our room looked a bit tired. This time we stayed in the larger Piazza Suite, last time the smaller Luxury Suite.Last time we were supplied with luxury robes and a coffee pot. This time no robes, and we were told coffee pots were a liability now. However, the was no issue with hot irons, as there was one of those as well as a blow dryer in the suite. It was suggested we use room service. I just think after spending $200-$300 a night, a cup of tea or coffee when one wants it isn't asking a lot. Having to spend $15 plus a tip and after waiting 20-30 minutes any time the mood hits for tea or coffee is just ridiculous.This time out room had not been totally cleaned from the last guests. There was a crude and lewd drawing hanging on the chandelier and there was not adequate towels linens or pillows. These were brought up within 15 minutes of request with apology. There was also construction going on. I never saw it or understood what was being done, but it went on all week from 7am - Yep SEVEN AM until 8pm. I requested a day comp for the week. That apparently was too much to ask, but they did take off the "Resort Fees" for the week.Linens on bed were fresh and clean. Appeared not to be worn, as were towels. But the edges around the bathroom were starting to show wear. The carpeting and fixtures.Wi-fi is terrible (but free) and phone reception on AT&T and Sprint very spotty.Housekeeping was friendly and attentive.We dined at several restaurants at resort and still find the Grand  Lux Cafe' to be the best breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's not the finest dining, but the food and service and what you get for the money is the best. The Bouchon is finer dining good for breakfast too, didn't care so much for lunch/dinner. Out in the Canal there are some other good choices for lunch and dinner.None of the shows we saw this trip were at the Venetian, so can't comment on these this visit.Did a little gambling at the V this time. Cocktail waitresses were very pleasant and accommodating. Many of the dealers seemed bored. We saw several slot machines that were missing lights. However, compared to many other resorts, this casino is one of the better ones as far as variety and volume of business.Gym is adequate and clean. Canyon Ranch even went down hill :(Next time we go back to Vegas, we won't stay here again
4	The room was absolutely gorgeous! I stayed ina suite with my bestfriend for EDC. The service was REALLY SLOW. The pool was small but  good size to relax by in the sun. Deffinately wouldn't stay here again just because it's more for the older crowd. Fell in love with our room and the bathroom it was beautiful and very LIT UP. This hotel was way to far from our event we were attending also.. The cab service was super fast and everytime we got a great cab driver!.
5	I love this hotel, stay here for my 21st bday and we didn't have to leave out hotel at all everything we wanted to do is inside this hotel, shopping, dinning, clubbing and pool party! Yep they have it all. I love how I can just walk to my room after the club or pool party
4	My son and I stayed at the Venetian for 9 days, attending a conference in the hotel.What amazed me was that every employee -- I mean *every* employee --- was pleasant, helpful, and seemed to be enjoying their job. Whether they were actually happy, I'll never know. But the attitude of the employees made it a pleasure to stay,  shop, and eat at the hotel.As a contrast, one afternoon we ended up at the Flamingo for lunch. The employees there didn't seem to care much -- they didn't care when we got seated, how long it took to get  water (it was 102F outside, so we were thirsty), or how long until our order was taken. The service wasn't bad, but the attitude of the staff was noticeably lacking.Back to the Venetian: Breakfast at the Bouchon was fantastic. I had a simple spinach omelet. The eggs were amazingly good. No overpowering flavor, but a perfect texture.Servers were very attentive.We also ate at Grande Lux Cafe several times. Breakfast from the menu was good, but only $5 less than the Bouchon for similar dishes. (So for a bit more, you can eat at Bouchon.) The breakfast buffet was great. Lots of fruit, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, an omelet station, and more. Finally, dinner at the Grande Lux was the best out of several restaurants in the hotel. (Admittedly, we did not try any of the high-end restaurants. I heard good things about Carne Vino and I'll wager that Delmonico and others are simply amazing.) At Grand Lux I had the Sicilian Pasta, which had a combination of sausage and chicken with a light tomato sauce served over spaghettini. Chicken was tender, sausage was flavorful, as was the light tomato sauce. The pasta was perfectly cooked.Oh. And we also had the fried calamari as an appetizer. I have never had calamari that was so tender -- It melted in my mouth. It was also a huge portion -- we shared it among 2, but it could have easily been shared among 3 or 4 diners.While I had almost no experience with other hotels in Las Vegas, I can say that the Venetian was a wonderful place, with comfortable rooms, good restaurants, friendly staff, and a great conference center.
1	The king suite has large old couch that is fading in color. They could afford the other furniture to replace but kept an old couch. See pic. Also, bathroom light is low where anyone can walk in and see you using it. Thank god, I have no guests. Venetian should be a 3 star hotel.Dropped to one star for our stay there.
1	July 5th, 2014: They get a 1 star for customer service before I even get there. I had a 4 day reservation for a conference. They received the check; it was paid for in full. Out of courtesy, I called to let them know that I wouldn't be able to keep the 4th day due to a scheduling conflict.I could have kept the reservation for 4 days because I wasn't paying for it personally, but I was courteous. When I called back to advise them that I could keep the 4th day, they tried to charge me extra for the 4th day! The reservations clerk kept me on hold for fifteen minutes while he talked to the manager on duty (guaranteed it wasn't the real manager on a holiday weekend). The manager advised the "customer de-service rep" to advise me that they wouldn't honor my 4th day (again already paid for) but would offer me the "current deal."  What kind of used car salesman BS is this?! Commission - he charges me extra for a room already paid for and he gets the extra money?   The Venetian was trying to flim-flam me for more money when they are probably making a hundred thousand on the next week with this massive conference? Guess it better be a really stellar experience for me to upgrade after getting hosed down like this before I even get into town.
4	Having been to the Venetian several times, it truly is wonderful. You walk into the place and it is dripping with elegance and very worthy of its 5 diamond rating. There's so much to do in this place that it is a vacation in and of itself. I think it's fitting that this place stands where the Sands used to stand. The Sands in its heyday was the height of class, and the Venetian proudly carries that torch.They spent a tremendous amount of time, research, architectural detail, and of course money to make this place what it is. I've gamed there many times and what stood out to me was how nice and friendly everyone was, right down to the pit bosses. The only thing that keeps me from staying there is that constant incense smell that is overpowering when you walk in. Yes, it smells nice, but it dries my eyes out and stuffs my nose up, so I've always defaulted to choosing the Bellagio over the Venetian. But I love visiting and just spending time looking around.
1	Want to feel like a star in Vegas?  This place will make you feel like trash ...Booked two connecting rooms.  One wasn't ready.  Was told it will be ready anywhere between 4pm and midnight ... really helpful when you just flew in and would love to shower. Manger got us connecting rooms since the first two we waited hours for were not connecting,  cool.   Then we walked to them ... 10 minute walk,  two sets of elevators,  and 8 long hallways later ... Let's not forget they locked us out of our one previous room preventing us from getting our belongings. Oh,  let's not forget that the front desk doesn't answer the phone,  at all ...I've been to Vegas tons of times,  hands downs,  shittiest customer service I have ever experienced.
5	We stayed here six days.  The rooms, restaurants and service were fantastic.  Some of the best chefs in the world are on restaurant row. A coffee maker in the room would have been nice. Great location.
4	"I have eaten rotten rolls off of room service trays in hotel hallways. I have. It's not a joke. This is my life." - Jerry SeinfeldExcellent stay -  2nd time here and even though I left  some blood on the poker tables, I will be back.  Piggybacked on my wife's conference stay for a few days.  It was my 9 yr old's 1st Vegas trip, so I decided to try to make it memorable:Check-in was the only thing holding this back from a 5 star rating.  Some confusion on corporate vs. personal credit cards left a 1K hold/charge on our personal credit card for several days, even when reversed. This would've been a bummer if we didn't have plenty of credit line.  I think the front desk person was "new".  Take note, 1st impressions COUNT, this could have ruined someones whole trip.  Quick bite dinner at the Lobster place in the shopping area, pricey but excellent.  Walk up espresso and pastries European style was inexpensive and spot on.Rest was gravy... The grounds are beautiful and kept up well.  All the rooms suites w/ sunken living rooms, big bathrooms, lots of space to stretch out.  The Venezia tower is a bit of a trek from the main hotel (12 minutes from the casino floor), at least it has it's own pool.  The pool complex is fairly large, the huge main pool is busy with tons of people watching.  TAO Beach (European/topless) is steps always, cleverly camouflaged by jungle foliage. There is a pool near the spa, with it's own cabanas, a little more mellow. When staying at the Venetian you can also access the pools of the Palazzo.  Cabana - Grabbed a cabana near the main pool, service was great - it was really hot, like 107 most of the afternoon.  Without a shaded base of operations, you really can't hang out there by the pool very long. TOTALLY worth it for the day.  The 9 year old loved getting snacks & daqueris brought to her like a little princess.  The pool host even came out to the pool when we were swimming and brought us drinks.Food & Libations - Bouchon was great, casino bartenders do a good job w/ my Manhattans... burger & pizza joint in the main hotel/casino area open 24/7 and were pretty good.  You want  MEAT?  4 steakhouses on prem.  HEAVEN, plus a burger stuffed w/ foie gras... YUM!We'll be back!
3	Only went to the casino.  It was decent.  Well lit and clean.  I'd go back.
1	We were very excited to be staying at the Venetian, and thought we would enjoy our time. After checking in we quickly walked around and got food, upon returning later that night we realized one of the pillows had a murky stain which looked like muddy make up . We then looked at the bed frame and saw how disgusting it was. Full of dust. We called to have the pillows replaced. Also we mentioned how dusty it was. We had a reservation on the strip but waited 30min for them to bring us the new pillows. We finally received a bag with a box of tissues (for us to wipe up the dust how awful) and only 1 pillow. We voiced our issues again and said we needed more than 1 pillow, but didn't have time to wait again and went out to make the reservation. When we came back nothing was delivered or changed. We called again and asked to speak with customer service, and a manager. We only got a voice mail and left a message. We never got our pillows and had to sleep without them that night, the bed frame was horrible dusty and dirty, and the sofa in the room were missing buttons, and also had stains. No one every reached out to us, we got the run around, and still trying to contact someone about the matter. Do not stay at this hotel. I read the bad reviews but assumed our stay would be different. So disappointed, and this was our anniversary. Not lavish nor was it superb service. Glad we got another hotel off the strip that was very accommodating, and the rooms were clean
5	Best hotel on the strip!!! My wife and I enjoy staying at a different hotel just about every time we go to Vegas. We have stayed at a dozen or more hotels and the Venetian blows them all out of the water. The overall service and quality of this place were fantastic.The rooms are all suits and when I first walked into our room, I began calculating how much it would cost to just move in. The king sized bed was as comfortable as any bed I have stayed in at a hotel. The view from our window was a great view of the strip and of the volcano show at the Mirage across the street. The bathrooms are huge, and so is the living room area with each room has. There are 3 TVs in the room, and have a channel for everyone.When we had our room turned over the house keeping staff was amazing. Everyone was friendly and we had a great time.My family has been in the hotel business for over 30 years and I have been to more hotels then I can count. The overall experience of The Venetian is second to none that I have been to. Worth every penny!
1	Too bad no negative stars. The room smelled like a filthy taxi-cab...body odor and curry. I was too tired to change rooms because there would be a wait for non-smoking. I couldn't take it after the second day and left early on what was supposed to be a 4 day. Keep in mind - I wasn't even paying to stay here because I was on conference and I still left early. There are people in front on the sidewalk handing out fliers that state that the health department found bodily fluids on sheets, comforters, and furniture. I can actually believe it now - you want to lounge around in a Jizz-Palace, go for it; bring your black-light and get a free show when you turn out the lights! I can't believe this place is the Venetian that people raved about. No one at upper-management cares about your complaints, so don't bother. This isn't big business, It's MONSTER business and you're an ant....a piss ant. I don't know if the fliers are true or not, but from the funk smell in my suite, it makes me wonder. Someone wrote about "bed-bugs" but I didn't see anything like that (they probably couldn't stand the smell and moved to a smoking room).  The food-court is pathetic, crowded, and consists of wannabe-trendy eateries with jacked-up prices and slammed down quality. Johnny Rockets Burgers: Cheeseburger, fries, and shake was $22.00 and it sucked! The Panda Express also sucked. There's a Nathan's where you can get a hot-dog with grilled onions for $6.00 (that was okay actually). The tower suites are really set up weird - like a labyrinth. You take an elevator up, walk a long maze, and then take another one up to the suites. I saw a few lost drunks confused and bewildered; I helped one, but another I sent to the parking garage elevator just for kicks...I was bored. The fridge has a motion-detector - if you move an item they will charge you for it. That's some nickle and dime shit for the grand Venetian isn't it? Inventory your snacks and call it down - an $8.00 snack was missing from my tray when I came in, apparently the funk-monster that was defiling my suite had to grab a snack for the road. #VenetianIsFroggyFunk
4	Loses 1 star for their new 6-to-5 blackjack payout at tables for the hoi polloi.  Was at their casino night of Sat/12 Jul and only the $50+ minimum tables paid 3-to-2 blackjacks, whereas the $25 and $15 tables was 6-to-5.Pros:- Huge rooms and great location so my friends' bachelor party groups tend to stay here.  Walking distance to XS/Tryst/Surrender and of course Venetian has Tao/Lavo.- Grand Canal Shoppes and swank selection of restaurants including CUT.
3	3 stars because... we were at the pool today, and a certain waitress named Denise had an issue with serving "homosexuals". We were one row behind others she was serving and she told us she wouldn't open a tab because... "you're not really in my section"... ?Waitress Jordan saved the day and received a 50% tip. Bite it Denise.
4	We went to Las Vegas to celebrate my husband's birthday....our kids and their other half joined us (yay!) so we wanted to stay together as a family.We originally were supposed to stay at the Palazzo with 2 adjoining suites....but then the opportunity to get a Penthouse at the Venetian came up.....soooooo since we were able to get it at a special rate....we took it!The suite usually goes for $5,000/night....3000 sq feet, 2 bedroom with 3 bathrooms and a sauna....the only thing we were missing was a swimming pool in the room....The place was decorated very luxuriously and it even came with a grand piano!.There was lots of room and we all enjoyed it...if you ever have a chance to stay in their penthouse, go for it!...my husband enjoyed all of the remote controlled curtains, dimmer lights and TVs and telephones in every room!...Lots of space for everyone to hang out and even get some work done...it was great watching the World Cup on the big screen TVs and being able to run downstairs to place their bets....
5	First time staying at The Venetian in a Bella Suite room.  This hotel and room far exceeded our expectations!!! Check-in went smoothly and our room was ready 30 minutes early-considering we were there during 4th of July holiday. Room had 2 queen beds and a sunken living room. Bathroom - kids loved the TV in there!! Bathroom had it's own toilet room, 2 sinks, separate walk-in shower and soaking tub, and vanity area.  Room was clean and even had a Housekeeping Supervisor stop by after we checked in to inspect the room and if it meet our expectations! Best thing - they offer a military discount!!
5	This hotel has literally become a second home for me. I have to travel to Vegas for work multiple times a year and this hotel treats you great! The shops and restaurants are all amazing! The dealers at the tables are extremely courteous. I highly, highly recommend staying here! Its worth every penny!
5	Beautiful hotel.  Excellent staff!  Saved me from a horrible 3 days at Rio hotel.
2	Nice hotel room but bad customer service. Aside from the fact that the hotel rooms are nice, the food options in the hotel are pretty bad. Additionally, 10 am check outs after a night of drinking is absurd. I will never choose to stay at this hotel mainly for that reason. Vegas is Vegas. If you expect to have fun in Vegas, don't stay at this hotel bc you have to check out by 10 and if you ask for a late check out, 11 am, they'll reject you. No thanks. Never again.
4	This resort looks gorgeous in the inside. I can only imagine the rooms. I loved the ceiling in the main area and they even have little gondola rides. Drink service in the casino was excellent.  Maybe next time we'll stay here for a new experience.
4	I have always liked the Venetian, many marvelous memories over the last 15 years. There has been some revamping and lots of new additions but the basics are still intact, gondolas, day and night sky, some of the old restaurants, the noodle house, the suites are fabulous, very large and ornate and great VFM, sometimes you can grab them for under $200 a night.  New slot machines and a good crowd.  One of the first choices when selecting accommodation.
1	I recently stayed at the Venetian Hotel in La Vegas recently and had a bad experience.  I left my car with the valet and when I checked out the car was smashed in the front and rear and had over 7k worth of damage.  I asked a few questions about their security policies and was given the run around a real lack of honesty and transparency.  When i left my car there were 126 miles to empty and when i picked it up there were 98 miles to empty, i noticed because i knew i had to get gas the next day - did someone take a joy ride?  They passed me over to their Risk Management group, who treated me like a slip and fall case, no customer service, no apology and after many calls and emails (1.5 months) i was told by a senior hotel manager that they would offer me a free night, but not on New Years Eve.  They treat you as a customer when your spending money, eat at their restaurants, play at their tables, but when they do something wrong and don't tell the truth about the event or process and you are thrown to their insurance company.  Can't even find a customer service executive on their site.I then received a call from an man who represented himself as an investigator from the hotel.  He asked me about my stay, I retold my experience with the valet parking and damage of my car.  He was very nice, stated he understood my concerns and thought process around the damage of my car and loss of value.  It was my feeling that he agreed with my perspectives or at least that was the what i understood by what he said.  He said he would call me back and that was a month ago.I would never stay at a Sands hotel again.  Service is service, my car lost approx. 6k-9k in value from one of their employees smashing the front and back of my car - not sure how you even do that.  No one admitted to the damage and they would of let me leave the hotel with out anyone saying anything.  Didn't know Mr. Adelson ran his hotels like this.  Very disappointed, very unsatisfied - hate being lied to.
5	I stayed there for a work conference.  Rooms are large, spacious, and comfortable and affordably-priced.  Room service food was excellent.   Staff are very accommodating and helpful.  Mind you, I am not a fan of Vegas.  I've never gone there for fun because "Vegas fun" is not my kind of fun.  I've stayed at Caesar's, Flamingo, Paris/Bally's and some of the older hotels many times and am glad I got to stay in the Venetian this last time.
4	Very nice and clean place. Great rooms and are quiet. Lots of variety and much to do.Defiantly, give it a try if you need a quality night.
4	Wow i like the design of the hotel just like In italy the service is very good the hotel is very big and classy and it was a very good experience
5	I am truly impressed with this resort. All suites here & the grounds are awesome.  The staff greet you with a smile and are more than willing to attend to you. Worth every dime!
4	I stayed here on a previous trip to Vegas.  Place is fabulous!   Impressive rooms and facilities.   LOVED IT!!
3	Ah the venetian... where you can travel the famous venice canals by canoe.I mean gondolas.The shops and food around the lobby is great, but navigating around the rooms is like going through a labyrinth. I stayed here for 2 days, and trying to find my room was like trying to find Amelia Earhart's aircraft!  All in all, it was an enjoyable stay, but much prefer the Cosmo over this place!
4	Best place to stay in Vegas.. Expensive, wish there was free breakfast :P
3	As I understand it, the Venetian is currently undergoing a significant room renovation. That is good; because it needs it. Otherwise, the property is about the same (relatively high, but not highest) quality it's been since it was built 15-20 years ago. Pluses+ Large standard room (suite)+ Large bathroom, good soaking tub+ Generally comfortable - good mattress, nice couch, sitting area, etc.+ Good, central, "Strip" locationMinuses- Dead linens (unforgivably bad)- Dark room, worn carpeting, aging decor- Construction noise- Interior room noise - poor soundproofing from the hallway - bad news in VegasGeneral Comments:The hotel's "suites" (standard rooms) are large, as they always have been - comfortable for families or for more than one-two people. The property is well kept, apparently clean (rooms, grounds). No complaints there. Check-in line was long, but they were quick to address the issue, opening a second desk and sending people to redirect some of the line to the second desk. Good job there. The bathroom is large, spacious and keeps true to the Venetian theme with generous use of marble. It has a separate frameless / glass shower and soaking tub. There is a toilet room (which is very dark). The design is original, but it is classic enough that it is fine. The pool area is slightly boring, but nice, consistent with the "Venetian" theme.Re: the "unforgivably bad" linens, I will say a couple things, but start with this: even if the hotel is undergoing renovations, there is no excuse for old / dead linens & towels at a luxury property. - The bedsheet we have is old, thin, scratchy and cheap feeling. - The towels are old, light, and unworthy of a hotel at this level (wasting away from years of washing). My photo (attached) shows the first towel I grabbed this morning (outside the shower door), with extensive fraying and (more difficult to see) there was hard / melted plastic or metal on the towel. Whoever folded it would have seen it. I didn't until I took it off. Looks obviously dirty. Horrible, inexcusable.The linens wouldn't have passed at any Holiday Inn I stayed at in college, let alone a $200/night (or $400/wkd night) premium property in Las Vegas n 2014. I won't be back until the renovation is complete. And even then, I've much preferred recent stays at the Aria and Mandalay Bay. Room Tip: Ask for a renovated room. As of 7/29, they apparently have worked their way down to the 23rd floor...
3	The Venetian is very similar to every other hotel in Vegas. But I am a big fan of the second floor where the ceiling is painted like the sky, and it feels just like walking in Venice. Sometimes if you hangout there long enough you might even catch a thunderstorm. But yeah, if you're looking for over the top shopping and a casino with restaurants, bars, and clubs you can of course find all of those things too.
5	Five star hotel all the way around.  Great service no complaints. I stay here every time I'm this way.
4	This review is for Tao Beach. I was very excited to try a beach party. It was going to be a hundred and three in Las Vegas anyway why stay in? So we decided on the towel day pool party and it was quite an interesting event.We arrived there around 330 in the afternoon and the party had already started without us! We entered pain about $20 per person. However, after entering we realized that we wanted to have a daybed. We went back up and changed our request and that change cost us $300! I must admit that we ran into some difficulty based on the fact that originally the hostess said that tax and gratuity was included in the price. We later found out that that was incorrect. After further discussion with management they were very gracious enough to accommodate what the original hostess quoted us. They adjusted our bill accordingly. I was very satisfied with this action especially noting that one of our hostess was very very rude.I enjoyed my time at the beach party the music was great the people were nice and everybody just seemed on the up and up! We ordered sweet potato french fries chicken wing lollipops and shrimp wraps. Everything was so tasty but after two pictures of tea and vodka, it made it hard for us to eat all of our meal. And keep our sexy going! Overall I enjoyed my time and I would definitely suggest that you go to Tao Beach Club at least once. It's great with a few friends if you don't mind shelling out some extra money.
4	Have stayed here multiple times and always enjoy the rooms.  Every room has sunken living area, very nice bathrooms, and multiple televisions.  For the price, really enjoyed the hotel.
5	I love staying here. You can fit 30 people in 1 suite which makes that $10 a night. FTW!
5	Hands down the nicest hotel on the strip. OMG it's so nice. That's all I can say. They have gondoliers like Venice and the sky is breathtaking inside. Yea, it's all inside. Your life will never be the same after staying here. The only reason I'd consider giving it 4 stars is because it's too nice and now i dont want to stay anywhere else.
4	One of my favorite Hotels in Vegas. The rooms are awesome. Always clean and the decor is really nice. I love the Italian theme. The casino is on the high end. Has a ton of shopping and eating spots here.Tao is an awesome club. I love the music they play here.Great place to stay.
5	This is my second time staying at the Venetian and I have to say that both times have been an excellent experience. Both times I have stayed in the Bella Suites. I have stayed at Cesar's Palace and the Venetian suites are a lot more affordable, spacious, and they are just beautiful.  I did read some of the yelp reviews which many complained about the renovation. Once I arrived I requested a room away from the renovation and they gave me a renovated room!  I did not even notice the renovation that was going on. All the staff are very polite and helpful. I will definitely be returning. They have free WIFI, which is not the best, however it gets the job done.  Cesar's Palace only allows 2 devices to be used.
5	What's not to love about the venetian, every time we visit we are always treated with respect by all the staff, our room was just the way I wanted it. I requested rose pedals and champagne in my room and as no surprise everything was perfect. The casino have been real cool with giving us comps so that's a plus.
1	The palace is a little dirty it looks like it has  mold... People are bound to get sick if it's mold... Do not know of it is but sure it looks like it
2	The room was large and luxurious but I would rate it low due to the following reasons:They force you to pay a resort fee which is only disclosed after you book and provide your cc on their website. You cannot not pay even if you don't use the services offered.Secondly this place is not kid friendly at all, to get to the room one has to walk the whole    building. Also due to the free alcohol offered there are very rowdy people all around, we found a few on the elevator, that were using very filthy language and talking inappropriately for a public place.
4	Very nice rooms, really old school. This place really makes you feel like royalty.
4	The Venetian is my go to hotel for my Vegas escapes. Though absolutely gigantic, the Venetian offers seamless and quick check in services. Every time I've visited I have been greeted by a friendly employee excited about my stay. The rooms are spectacular. Easily one of the largest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in, the rooms offer two queen beds, night stands, a sunken living room with a sofa bed, a couple of televisions, and a fully stocked fridge. Their bathrooms are amazing too, with a deep tub and a separate glass shower enclosure. I love how the toilet is in it's separate room offering both privacy and smell containment! The resort offers many different features. There's plenty of pools, a handful of restaurants, and a complete shopping experience. The architecture is opulent and magnificent. Check out can be time consuming as they seem to have less employees manning the counter, but a small concession for a brilliant stay.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTED - Poor Customer Service!!!!!  My husband booked a wonderful birthday weekend getaway in a Bella Suite at The Palazzo Hotel but when we arrived all they had left to give us was a handicap accessible room or a smoking room. We had no choice but to take the accessible room as we are not smokers & can't take the cigarette smoke. They promised us a room change the next day which took 5 - 6 hours and they didn't honor their promise to call us when the new room was ready. On the last night my husband requested a late check out @ either 12 or 1:00 and @ first they said ok but then phoned us right back & said sorry but they had a VIP coming in the next day & they needed that exact room (non-strip view) & we must be out by 11:00 am. They didn't honor the birthday invitation offers at all either that came w/ our reservation deal. Having to use a handicap room while battling my Lyme Disease, unpack & repack to move the next day. Really poor customer service overall yet we are Club Grazie members.  Will seriously re-think about booking with Palazzo or Venetian and most likely find another more honorable customer service oriented establishment.
1	Arrived at 11am and our room reservation could not be found using our conformation code. Waited to determine the issue and continued to wait amongst others while people passed by. They eventually switched us to palazzo when we were originally booked at the Venetian. Once we were at palazzo some of our room keys didn't work this happened not once not twice but three times. Walking back and forth from the hotel room back to the lobby..... I was even more unhappy because the palazzo is more of a walk to the center of the strip. I enjoy staying in Vegas throughout my summer vacation, but I will not ever be staying at Venetian/Palazzo or do I recommend my friends to book their rooms here. I prefer Cosmo or Caesars. At least they don't lose my reservation.. Or do I have to wait an hour just to check into my room.
2	My rating of this place went downhill with each subsequent night. We stayed 5 nights total. The good: The lobby and grounds are beautiful. The room and bathroom are spacious. The air conditioning works really well.I started with a 4 or 5-star first impression, despite the long, Disneyland type winding line to check in and the sales job to then get you to pay more for a room with a view. Got to our room and we were wowed by the spaciousness, complete with sunken living room. TVs in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom. Wow. Huge marble bathroom.Then you notice the 1970s couch that looked disheveled enough that I never wanted to sit on it for fear of what stains I'd be connecting with. Then night falls and you turn on all the lights.Every. last. one. And yet you still can't see. Then you wait, thinking they must be the type that slowly warm up and get brighter. It was literally still dark in the toilet area when you turned the light on. I could never see my face well enough to put on make-up easily. And the lighted make-up mirror never worked, despite us leaving a note every single day.They had a mini fridge, but it was fully stocked and you paid even if you just picked something up and didn't use it. The charge went through based on the shifting weight. This meant we couldn't put our own water, food, or drinks in the fridge. I hated that.I am not a fan of only flat sheets on beds. I like fitted sheets over the mattress so you don't risk having the mattress pad exposed and your body touching it or the mattress. This was the case here. It grossed me out. Then fast-forward to our last day, and housekeeping never came to our room. We got back around midnight and needed to pack and shower, and we could do nothing until they came to make the beds and replace the towels. They put us on a list and said they'd try to be there in 20 minutes. WHAT?? 45 minutes later, they had made up and refreshed our linens. Even after talking to a manager twice, NOTHING was done to expedite the service and nothing was taken off our exorbitant final bill.The clock radio never worked. And a weird, thick layer of dust covered it and my iPhone every single morning. Gross.So my impression of this place went downhill night after night. I won't be a return customer.
1	Just a heads up as the Venetian is remodeling a lot of their rooms and they are not taking good care of their guests in the process. Our stay was on the 23rd floor from 8/22 thru 8/29. To give you an idea how bad it was - on our last morning we were shocked to hear hammering above us at 6:15AM. It took a couple phone calls from the room to get a live person who said they would take care of it immediately. 45 minutes later the hammering stopped but then we were serenated with sounds of a carpet kicker and screws falling on to hard floors. We are very disappointed at the front desk upon check out and I even took the extra time after our return to send an email to the Venetian to see if they would do anything after-the-fact. Sorry to say there has been no attempt and after 4 stays at the Venetian this will clearly be our last. The Wynn and the Bellagio know how to treat their guests and go to extreme efforts to make sure THEIR guests want to come back. We're disappointed more than upset and perhaps others that will read this who had similar experiences will share their stories too. Only in the hopes that the Venetian will step up to be a true 4 or 5 Star Hotel. The single star above represents their current level of guest treatment.Going back to Vegas in November for a week but not to the Venetian!
3	This is a review for the casino. We stayed at the Palazzo (which was nice).We had some time to kill on the morning of our flight, so we decided to try the tables at Venetian. Dealers were average, and we quickly realized the blackjack payouts were 6-5, instead of the standard 3-2. This is a fairly significant difference, and unacceptable imo. Playing $10/hand? You get $12 for a blackjack instead of $15. Playing $50/hand? You get $60 instead of $75. Never again.
4	Beautiful hotel and very accommodating. The suites are spacious and staff was friendly. Will consider staying again.
5	Always a great time to be had at the Venetian. The rooms have a sunken living room, 3  flat screens (1 of them in the bathroom), a jet tub, amazing views, and a most luxurious bed. So luxurious, we are considering ordering one for the house. The room service was very quick and friendly with any request that we had. The room safe came quite in handy as I had brought some very expensive jewels in anticipation for the Mark Twain show at UNLV. Not to be missed are the walks around the casino (the architecture is amazing), and the gondola ride (make reservations).
5	Stayed here while attending a Conference. The room was really nice! Every hotel room is a suite. What I like most about rhe Venetian is the convenience. Located in the heart of the vegas strip. Walgreens is downstairs in case is anything. The cannals shopping area is walking distance. Lots of restaurants and stores.
4	Nice hotel with European/ romantic theme.couples friendly. great casino floor layout. A little tough too get on the strip. The club is fun with good music . Ho
1	This hotel was far from a five star rating. I stayed there with my wife and kids, my kids are young adults and we had three rooms for four nights. The rooms were terrible! Bleached, stained worn out furniture, rooms not cleaned or inspected. Our room had drug bags under the front of the sofa and on the sofa cushion (see photos attached). When these things were brought to the front  desks attention they were rude and stated that the hotel was full and there was nothing they could do to move us. I stay in many many hotels in Vegas and was shocked by the Venetian. We will NEVER recommend it to anyone or stay here again.
5	1973 reviews already; so I don't have much to add.I will just say this...I love the Venetian!  As a matter of fact, it's one of the only places I will stay in Vegas going forward.  The others being (The Palazzo, The Wynn and the Encore.)That about covers it...great service, great environment...pools, restaurants...I could go on, but it's not necessary.   If you can swing it; stay here!
5	Vegas has some nice hotels on the Strip but the Venetian is my favorite among them all! Fiance and I stayed at this beautiful hotel for a week and we have zero complaints about the entire experience. The hotel itself is Italian themed and the attention to detail in the decor is just gorgeous! I love the shopping area with the gondolas. Our suite was spacious, comfortable and well-maintained. The service here is excellent. I love how this hotel is so big that you never really have to step outside. They are several excellent restaurants and shops located right inside the hotel. They even have Walgreens! Choose this hotel if you are staying in Vegas! :)
5	omg i looooooooooooovvvvve this hotel, so many shops and so many food choices!!!!!!! and i really really really love the gondola rides, the person controlling it is like: "yo ima italian bitch! lemme sing u a song. and the suites is like: yo, i have three flat screened televisions and a couch and comfy beds and a desk that makes u look like a boss mofo!!!! you could also control ma curtains with a remote control. and his mom is like: im the biggest hotel eveaaaaaaaaa! and i im just stalling untill this is longer then most reviews, do it now now now now now now now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...whoa...what did i just smoke...i wonder where my kids are......................................................................why am i waiting?....................................................
4	A vast hotel complex in the centre of the Vegas strip - more of a small town than a hotel . Had great service throughout my stay, although check-in at 4pm was very busy and took a while. The room was excellent (an entry level suite with a view of the strip) in the piazzo part of the hotel. The pool was good with helpful staff. The Tao club/pool was funny for people watching. The conference facilities were good and well serviced. The amount of Restaraunts and shops was crazy - hundreds of all price and type. Pricey, but a very good standard of hotel with easy access to all the major Vegas sights.
1	I recently stayed here with a few of my friends and we were extremely disappointed with the customer service. Two of my friends are currently breast feeding and needed to pump when we arrived at the hotel after a long drive. Our suite was not ready when we checked in so we politely asked if there was a private room where our two friends could pump. The lady at check-in was so rude and said they could go into the bathroom to do that. My friends were directed to a private bathroom and had to pump in there. There was no chair/couch in there, so the two options were stand or sit on the toilet. Absolutely appalling. Obviously we were furious with this so we asked to speak with a manager. Ironically, the manager was pregnant, however she didn't seem too empathetic with our situation. She offered us a late check-out for our troubles. That was nice, but the whole situation was very upsetting. For a nice hotel like the Venetian we expected much better service. This was my last stay at the Venetian. We will most definitely use a different hotel for future Vegas trips.
5	I don't have much more to add to what's already been positively described: we got our room earlier than expected; enjoyed a very romantic gondola ride for my birthday; the V bar was a live hookah bar that night; in-room dining was fast and tasty; concierge was very accommodating and friendly at check-in and check-out. No complaints. I'll definitely be back.
1	We were in town for a bachelor party that I was hosting and called the Piazza and attached Luxury Suite as home base for the weekend (Fri- Monday). We had 7 people stay and we had plenty of room. We were on the top floor (28th) of a newly renovated floor and the furnishings and beds were comfortable. Room was quiet and clean. Large formal dining table which would have been good to play poker.I reserved the room about 1 month ago to take advantage of a birthday special. I told the phone agent that b/c of the large group of 12 in the bachelor party and we had people departing at various times- we would probably downsize to 1 suite only on Sunday. I was told that since we had a special rate that it was more advantageous to keep the existing 3 nights and then, decide on Sun morning which room we would not need. Otherwise, we would get a much higher rate if we decided to add a nite. Since there was no charge, it was a no brainer.Sunday 12:15p. Tried to checkout on the tv, but it was after 12:00 so 'not available'. Tried calling the front desk from the room, but placed on long hold since many others trying to check out. Moved all of our stuff into the smaller Luxury Suite.Had to get over to our table at Encore Beach so I used my cell phone to call front desk enroute to Encore. After 3 unsuccessful attempts- long hold times and after getting connected, got disconnected- I finally got thru to someone. This time the phone agent stayed on the line until the front desk answered (that was appreciated since I had gotten cut off previously). They said no problem and that I was checked out of the Piazza Suite. I went back around 5p to turn in the old keys and get correct keys for the smaller luxury suite.Went up to the room and there was a sign on the Luxury Suite- Room maintenance in progress. Curiously, once inside, the adjoining room doors were still open on both sides. I closed up the one on our Luxury suite side and deadbolted it before we left to go out. When we returned, again both adding doors were open. There was no one new who checked into the Piazaa suite- the 2 roll-a-beds were still there and no luggage.Went out again and when we returned around 3AM, the adjoining doors on both sides were open again. I don't know how that could be unless someone came inside our room and opened it again. Couldn't figure that one out. Anyways, we were having an enjoyable experience until time to check out on Monday. I wanted a physical print out of the totals for both rooms so that it would make my accounting easier for the shared expenses. Went to hotel front desk and got the Luxury Suite receipt for the 3 nights without issue.When they were reviewing the Piazza suite bill, they incorrectly charged the entire 3 nights. I was not given an invoice. I told her that was incorrect and the agent went to talk to her manager (Sang). She came back to tell us that it was correctly billed since they have no record of me asking to check out early on the Piazza suite. She asked me who I spoke to on the phone. After being transferred around and disconnected, how am I suppose to know who I spoke to?A multi-national LV Sands corporation doesn't have a billing reservation system that logs all calls and identifying the employee ID? I find that very hard to believe.She asked if I wanted to speak to the manager and (even though my cousin was waiting in front), I did. He came out- and was not very apologetic. He essentially said that the charges are going to stay on my credit card and he will conduct an investigation. He also asked me who I spoke to on the phone (seriously, you're a billion $ corporation and you can't figure that out?!). The manager stated that he would ask for the security key lock log of the Piazza suite and if we did not indeed access the suite after our late 3p checkout Sunday (I already swapped keys so how could we have entered?), he would refund the charges then; otherwise, they stay on. He also had no answer for why our attached suite door had been opened again when we returned.My brother and I both queried him on this and I suggested a fairer way would be to immediately reverse the charges, make them pending (like credit card companies do) and then conduct their investigation (we didn't have the keys). Basically, he implied that they don't trust us on our word and that if they can prove that it was their error, then they would correct it. For the small amount of $ they were trying to "get", they just cost them a lot of potential future business from not just me, but also, those who find this useful on how they value your business.Now, I'm glad that I didn't gamble there.This action on his part has left a very bad taste in my mouth with their hotel management. (esp when they dropped the ball).$300 for all this negative perception and ill will. Poor form, Venetian, poor form.[As a followup, the manager did call in the later afternoon stating that the charges were being refunded]
5	Venue:  The Venetian Resort Hotel CasinoDecor: FantabulousService: Nice, FriendlyEnvironment: Classy, very beautifulFood: Multiple places to fine dine and casual dine Prices:  It is a little more than your average hotel Debbie Downers:  It's a maze, need a GPS to navigate.. Easily to get lost Conclusion: One of the best hotels in Las Vegas...Period.  Doesn't hurt that you have your own personal water tour in the casino.  Beautiful lounges, multiple places to fine dine, great entertainment venue.  Lots of rooms, space.  Plentiful Parking.  Easily, hands down one of the best hotels in Las Vegas Overall: A
1	The rooms were beautiful. Well appointed and very spacious. BUT, we had gurgling plumbing issues that was very annoying and would wake us up at all hours of the night. Maintenance came up to resolve the issue, but said he'd have to run a snake and that it would probably make mess and stink up the room. This was not an option. We endured another night of noisy pipes.We had a beautiful pool side view, 23rd floor, BUT Snoop Dogg DJ'ing at the Tao on Saturday night was very loud. even on the 23rd floor. I enjoy a good party as much the next person, BUT it made for a long night. We expressed our displeasure with management and they were courteous and waived the resort fee, big whoop, and gave us a $50.00 food credit. They didn't go out of their way to assist us in our dissatisfaction with the stay. We were very disappointed, as we were celebrating our anniversary. Will we return? That remains to be seen.
5	One of the best hotels I ever stayed at. My biggest complaint was getting lost lol Room service was spectacular. Room was GIANT. 2 TV's, 2 huge beds, 2 huge rooms, I could go on for days about how large, clean & great this hotel was. It's been a few years but I would love to go back whenever I have the time.
1	The resort is indifferent to guest's discomfort and does not even act on complains. Reasoning below:(I am writing this review from with in the Venetian suites)1. I was visiting with my wife and booked a luxury suite, upon check in I was offered to a newly remodeled suite (which turned out to be false once we were in the suite) with a great view for additional $45 on 29th floor. I agreed and checked in. The suite was pretty well decorated and comfortable. The trouble started since the following day morning. They started some construction and drilling work all day long since 9am and it made the annoying drilling noise which was so loud my wife literally had to shout out to talk to me inside the room.2. I called the front desk complaining about the same and they said they can't stop the construction but can shift us to the 8th floor normal suite. I was surprised by the indifference the lady showed. When I insisted I had booked a luxury king suite and also have paid extra she offered to waive the $45 I had paid in case I decide to move. The noise seems to be getting louder and very annoying. Moving is painful as it literally means you do a complete packing! I never expected such an attitude and poor planing form a huge hotel resort like Venetian. They seem to be taking guest's for granted. If any construction was planned at all the suite should not have been allotted at the first place. very poor service and even worse customer complain redressal. I will not recommend anyone to stay here for sure.
5	Rooms (Suites 32 floor) are gorgeous..  Spa a bit over priced for just a manicure but hey it's Vegas baby.  The Grand Lux Cafe has some terrific food - yum on the Carmel Fried Chicken - Whoah!!!  The restaurant Aqua Knox doesn't have as good food as I recall the prior two times but Hillary (waiter) is the best.  When he retires in April - after 19 years - well... I can't say I'll go back.  Mesa Grill is spectacular but the best restaurant by far was Delmonico's.  OMG for the price - it was unbelievably good.  Seriously, my husband and I had fried chicken..  Yeah at a steak place - buttermilk fried chicken - the bomb!!  hahahaha  Our son got the bone in Filet Mignon and it was superb (even rare).  The one individual I'd like to have you see when you get to the hotel is Danny Pascarelli at the Circle Bar in the Casino.  Danny is old school service.  He won't forget your name, what you drink or make you feel any other way than an ol friend.  Danny remembers the what bartending should be - he's classy and sophisticated.  He knows how to treat people and takes care of all the guests (multi-tasking like crazy) while making each individual feel like they are the only ones at the bar.  He facilitates introductions and gets people having fun, playing the games and really having a good time.  Nice 4 night stay and quite comparable to the Palazzo.  The Gonzales Family truly had a wonderful time and we'll be back.  One last note... Carne Vino is also a fantastic restaurant if you can drop minimum $100 per person.  It was a great experience and the food was amazing.  This was our 2nd time at Carne Vino and back to back 2 thumbs up.
5	To be honest, my parents (who are both platinum level Grazie) have been taking me to the Venetian ever since the resort first opened. One could say I basically grew up on the sidelines of the casino, biding my time in the arcade and waiting for the day when I could participate in real gambling and win some money instead of stupid arcade prizes. About 4 years ago, that day finally arrived and I haven't looked back since. The standard rooms at Venetian/Palazzo cannot be compared to any other resort casino on the strip. The standard rooms are literally suites and extremely spacious, you can even entertain guests in there if you'd like lol I love the beds and pillows, extremely comfortable . I've been fortunate enough to stay in various different suites such as the Rialto ( bigger suite but a lot of space you can't do anything with...like a foyer, but hey...it certainly looks cool) prima suite...huge and you get a dining table which is pretty awesome if you're dining in (but really, you're in VEGAS...why are you dining in??) My personal favorite is the renaissance suite, as of right now it is the most magnificent suite i've stayed at in Las Vegas I mean seriously there is a bench in the shower AND a jet tub, TVs everywhere, huge living room so you can throw your own after party,  and spectacular views. The customer service at the Venetian is unparalleled (unlike at Cosmo, where it sucks even if you're an identity member but the hotel is cool so whatever )they definitely care about their guests and the experience their guests have when staying here. They are fast, efficient, and extremely polite. Never had a problem. I prefer not to stay at their Venezia tower because it's too far of a walk, but on the bright side Bouchon is also located right around there and that is one of my favorite brunch spots. If you're in a rush you can always grab coffee and a snack at the express Bouchon. I've been to Grand Lux cafe over 15 times because the hours and great and it's extremely convenient(there's one right by the casino at Venetian, and one at Palazzo(lol a little excessive but hey, when in Rome...) also you can't really go wrong with cheesecake factory ( grande lux is owned by them) I love their beignets in the morning. Sushi Samba over at Palazzo is a very eclectic restaurant, like Brazilian Japanese fusion, if you like sushi i would definitely give it a try.  I love the yard long margaritas at Lime Ice as well. The Grand Canal shops are conveniently located (THE SEPHORA IS HUGE!) Walgreen's is great to stop by and pick up the necessities you forgot at home (don't go to the Apothecary shop by the room elevators, its 9 dollars for toothpaste lol crazyy) I've only ever been on one Gondola ride , very cute photo opportunity and you get to feel European for half an hour ( but if you're a gambler you might consider it a waste of time, just sayin) My favorite part is coming during the holiday season and enjoying the annual "Winter in Venice" Festivities.Beautiful decorations all around the resort, and New Years eve fireworks are a sight for sore eyes and the huge Christmas tree is beautiful. don't skip out on the ice skating, it really is a lot of fun. If you're more of a summer person have no fear, you will not be bored. I'm not crazy about Tao and Tao beach club but a lot of my friends enjoy the parties and DJs there. I prefer the relaxed spa like environment of "Azure Luxury Pool.' Hmm what else..THE CASINO(how could I forget??!) is lively and huge, the tables are packed on hectic weekends but then again that's common to all the good casinos. Waitresses pass by often for drink orders , never waited for than 15 minutes. If you have kids or you don't like to gamble and need a day time activity check out Madame Tussaud's wax museum and check out the creepily funny replicas , people come by from all over Vegas to go there so might as experience it if it's right under your nose. I could go on raving about this place in it's entirety but i'm sure you get the point, there is so much to do and you won't regret staying here. If you  gamble, make sure to sign up for Grazie, they are by far the best player's club in Las Vegas..best perks including triple point weekends and you can use your points at the gift events for top notch stuff, I got an iPad and a Michael Kors wallet..not bad at all ;)
2	I am typing this from the 12th floor of the Venetian tower.  The room is gorgeous and clean and big.  I really wish I could stop here and live happily ever after on my vacation but I have been here only a few hours and am very unimpressed with the customer service in this hotel.  My first clue should have been when I called a couple days before our trip to see if we could get some special accommodations for a medical issue I have.  The woman that answered the phone was very unapologetically not helpful.  My husband then called the concierge thinking being in the customer service only business would certainly yield better results.  She was unable to help without a $70 per day charge, which would be fine but, again, she was very unapologetic and flippant. Today, after we went through the, in my opinion, tacky, line to get to check in we were told of a $28 per day resort fee.  RESORT FEE!  For use of the pool and fitness room!  I don't need the fitness room and I have never had to pay to use a hotel's pool.  This vacation was given to us from a friend along with a stipend that I planned to use on some spa services but now, since I HAVE to pay (no option to opt out) a resort fee that will equal $140 I won't be indulging.  Again, the employee was totally flippant and could have cared less that I was taken aback at the charge.  Also, as said in previous reviews, the refrigerator in the room is weight censored.  I get that.  I have stayed in many hotels that have the censors so they can charge what you use.  If you even pick anything up to look at it or set anything on or in it you will be charged!!  I am aghast at that kind of treatment of guests.  I do not feel special here at all.  I have 5 days here.  I hope they end up better than they started.  As of right now I will definitely not be staying here or recommending it to anyone.  It is a shame because when I told people I was staying at the Venetian everyone was impressed and really thought it was fancy.  The appearance is fancy.  How they treat their guests is a completely different thing altogether.Edited -  After a little more research on the resort fee we went to customer service in the morning and it was taken off.  She also accommodated us in letting us use the refrigerator free of charge for medical purposes.  Also a guest services  representative, Francesca, called this afternoon to make sure everything was satisfactory with us now.
4	This was also wild! Take a gondola ride inside the mall area as your italian guide sings to you. Pretty cool stuff.
5	We stayed in a suite when we went to Vegas in this hotel. Honestly, I loved it! It was huuugee! We got the two door one, with marble flooring and bigger tvs. the living room felt like home. And the bathroom was just great! It is a little more expensive than other hotels here but I think it is worth it! Ours was 480 a night. Anyways the entrance hall  had acrobats too! And entertainers that dressed like the days of good old Shakespeare!  I Def. Can not wait to stay there again!
1	Beautiful casino, large guest rooms. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.   I am writing this complaint from a Venetian suite at approximately 4 am.  Why? Because I cannot sleep.  Why? Because my mattress is a sink hole.  Call the front desk you suggest? Been there and done that. I spoke to the night manager named Thomas who offered me his sincere condolences along with a promise to change the mattress in the morning.  So it seems I spent a fair amount of money to NOT sleep at a five star property that is nonchalant about providing the most basic comforts. Yes the casino is nice and the rooms are large but if the establishment is indifferent to it's customers....I'm not sure any of the rest matters.
5	We were celebrating our 1 year Wedding Anniversary and stayed here,the room was on the 27th floor,very classy,marble floor entry and in bathroom,several televisions and plenty of room with step down living room...Only complaints would be that the registration check in and hotels elevator to go to your rokm is way across the hotel!Also,you can hear people in hallway entering their rooms near you and the pool party music plays until 4 a.m...you can hear it in the distance...Valet does not get your vehicle by telephoning ahead,you must present the ticket and wait(15-20 minutes)The hotel should have water bottles at no charge,its pricey to have any refrig items.The a/c will freeze you so you will want to adjust the dial...Lol...All in all,it was a nice experience..we ate dinner at Morels Steakhouse(Another long walk across the casino to find it.
4	One of my favorite hotels on the strip. I like the venice theme. The food here is fantastic. The Grand Lux is basically a cheesecake factory ( i think they're related`). Rooms are always clean and comfy. I did venture downtown to check out a new show at the Plaza hotel called LIMELIGHT! loved it. Its what vegas shows are supposed to be like. In a city filled with cirque shows everywhere its nice to see high energy sexy dancing with real singers and comedy elements. Its only there for 2 months before they move on. Definitely check it out if you get a chance.
5	The best spa in all of Vegas! Couples massage was private and very intimate. Def a must do!
1	For the second time this place made unauthorized charges on my credit card after i checked out.  this also happened last year when they accused me of taking a bottle of water from the mini bar and i was billed $40.  Other Las Vegas hotels don't do this!
5	You get what you pay for is the perfect way to describe The Venetian. I've stayed here several times and have always had a wonderful experience. The gondola ride was fun,  but I recommend taking the one inside vs outside. The outside gondola ride is very short. The Venetian street performers are a cool bonus. Even though they have the Venice/Italian theme,  they have the best french macaroons I've ever had. Prior to moving to Vegas I'd stop by and pick some up whenever I was in town to bring home with me.
5	while sitting pool side I decided to read the reviews of the hotel. the room is outstanding, staff was helpful, and friendly. this is what everyone was saying. they all had ONE bad thing to say. Pool staff is terrible. we found out first hand.... boy are the reviews dead on !!!!we spent most our day in the garden pool area, when we could find someone to take an order from us, she made me feel like I was putting her out. rude and surly !!! the only nice thing I can say.Venetian, Please do your self a favor, GET SOME DECENT POOL STAFF. I don't mind paying $8.00 for a beer, but "put a smile on the person who's bringing it to me".
2	When I returned to my room at noon the next day the mattress had not been changed. I called the front desk and spoke to another manager. She was apologetic and far more accommodating. The mattress was changed. In fact both mattresses were changed. She waived the resort fee and comped a meal.  I appreciate the effort.
3	It's a beautiful hotel and yes, there are gondolas. And YES, they have arguably the best steakhouse in Las Vegas in Carnevino and one of my favorite all time restaurants Bouchon but damn does their casino floor suck the money right out of your wallet with the speed of a turbo charged vacuum cleaner. I've never, ever lost money so fast in any hotel casino floor. Ever. Ever. Ever. Walk around, eat, drink but run as fast as you can through the casino floor.
4	Venetian/palazzo are by far my fav hotels to stay at because all the rooms even the standard rooms are suites and bigger than your average hotel room on the strip, better that the Wynn! & good service too very clean
5	Beautiful hotel, gorgeous room. And very clean and fast room service!
2	Maybe I expected too much from what I have heard from other people.  I do not know.  I came to Vegas to get married and have a honeymoon.  People told me if I let the hotel know that they would make it special.  They did not do anything extra for us but then again they were not obligated to.What really reflected my rating of this place was the way they handled our air going out on us.  The room we stayed in had problems with the air not working.  This is an upscale expensive hotel so you would think they would have immediately moved us.  This is not the case.  The first night someone came and did something to the air which did not make much of a difference.  The second night we called again and once again someone was sent to our room.  This time the guy they sent told us he could not fix the problem with us still in the room as it would be noisy and take awhile.  We were moved into another room.  Once again, seeing as this is a pricey resort you would think for the inconvenience they would have moved us to a better room or did something nice.  If you think that you would be wrong.  We were moved to the same version of our suite even though we had to pack and move in the middle of the night.I just don't feel they did anything to try to wow us considering this is supposed to be an incredible place to stay.  It really was not.  They did remove the resort fee over the air but that was it.  I will say the place is beautiful...but I think the experience was lacking and would not stay there again.
1	Yawwwwwwn. Another boring corporate Vegas hotel with a ridiculous casino. Table games are all jacked up carnival games with horrible odds. This place will make you miss the Vegas of old pretty quickly. Rooms are nice but so what.
4	This review is from the perspective of a visitor, who did not stay at this hotel, but from a wide-eyed walk-in guy in for a look.This hotel was thriving, busy, interesting. The staff was motivated and made me feel comfortable and welcome. The hotel canal spaces are strikingly beautiful. The lighting mesmerizing after coming in from the hot Vegas sun.Drop by as I did, enjoy a salad and wine at Otto Enoteca Pizzeria, where they treated me like a valued customer. I recommend that you sit at the bar and watch the food prep that goes on there.Enjoy! .
1	I put $5 into one of their vending machines.  It jammed and didn't dispense my drink nor gave me my change.  Understandable, things happen.  However, I'm very disappointed with customer service.  I called in and was told to wait there and they would send someone over to take care of it.  I waited for over half an hour, a staff member came and all they did was put an "out of order" note on it.  They said they could not refund me my money.  I called a couple more times with no results and the run around.  Eventually they transferred me to the lost and found department.  They seemed as clueless as me as to why I was transferred to them.  Really Venetian?  Very disappointed.
2	I have been playing dollar slots for over one hour and have not been offered one single drink. This in my opinion qualifies as bad customer service. In fact I haven't seen one person walk around with a drink tray inquiring if anyone wants a drink.
5	Love, love, love this hotel!!!  I have stayed here at least 20 times and each time have had a great experience!  The staff is awesome from front desk to valet.  The rooms are all suites and make you feel so pampered.  i have never had a problem with any room at this hotel. Free Wifi!
3	I like the Venetian hotel in Macau more. Though they are patterned to each other. I like that it is very accessible, so many ways to get in and out of the hotel. Just wanna share other hotels that caught my attention..Best way to go in Vegas is in group.
3	I went out of my normal routine this time around in Vegas and really paid the price! Everything was a bust. It got to the point I just wanted to fly home ASAP (and it was only a 50 hour trip).I assumed I would love the Venetian. I had always enjoyed walking through it. I heard great things about the pool. I figured I couldn't go wrong here. Next time I will stick with hotels I know are my style! The rooms are beautiful here! The room I stayed in was probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever slept in. That just didn't make up for what is lacked in other areas to me. I would actually suggest this hotel for a couple looking for some romantic time. I was with friends and just couldn't enjoy all of the amenities the room had to offer. Again, not their fault, but you should know if you are looking for a wild girls weekend. Check in and out was fast. The line for cabs was always moving steady and well organized. I ordered room service once and they were fast and VERY friendly. All of the employees were friendly (except casino). I'll get to that.You could get lost for days in here. Most staff can help you but I ran across a few that were just as confused as I was. I would recommend spending a day just exploring the different areas within the hotel (if you have time to kill).The pool was nice. I liked the scene. No real @%#h0l&es hanging out here. Drinks are crazy expensive (but average for Vegas prices). The server we had was excellent! She took great care of us and kept the glasses of ice coming. I wish I could remember her name. She was adorable! I also appreciate that the staff immediately moves belongings from unattended chairs. Don't attempt to save a chair at this place while you sleep upstairs. I went down about 10am and had no trouble getting a good spot. Only half the pool is actually in the sun. It's the more crowded half. I was over heated after 20 minutes so I guess that can be a good thing. The casino is where they lose me! Minimums on tables are pretty average. I was annoyed when I went down to play Pai Gow Poker one morning and I was the only person playing (8am) in an almost empty casino and the minimum was $25. Whatever. The real kicker is drinks! I gambled for 4 straight hours before I ever saw a cocktail waitress at one point. The other wait times averaged anywhere from 10 minutes-2 hours. I would say average was an hour wait for a drink. Totally unacceptable. I was never offered water, etc. The girls were sweet when they came by, but finding them was beyond ridiculous! Good luck purchasing a drink there too. Sky high prices which put me over the edge as I was dropping huge cash in casino and couldn't get a damn Pepsi! Basically, only go here if you are looking for a beautiful room and spending some real time in it. When it's time to gamble HEAD ELSEWHERE!
4	Such a beautiful hotel! The rooms were HUGE- nice big beds and a big living room area. The staff was very attentive and quick to respond to all our room service/requests despite how many people were staying at the hotel.The restaurant area was awesome, a river running through with gondolas and the ceiling was painted to look like the sky! A very unique ambiance. I only ate at one restaurant in the hotel (it was decent) and didn't gamble at that hotel so I can't attest to that- but as far as the accommodations go, it was great! I would definitely recommend for someone looking for a great place to stay on the strip!
4	Nice clean casino and shops area with great ambiance of Italy !!!  The rooms are elegant and the service upscale at a bit of a price - but so is gambling anywhere, so enjoy it. The open sky look and ambiance of the Shops area and Gondola rides are right out of Disney Pirates ride. Very much has lasting magic !!!
2	A lot of great things about this place but they lowered the black jack payout to 6 - 5.  If you play bj don't stay here, the house more than doubled their take.
4	Beautiful place to stay, clean and well decorated. Friendly staff all over the resort. But I'm taking a star away because we spent an entire day constantly trying to navigate our way thru the resort and its confusing attachment The Palazzio. I partially grew up in Vegas and I haven't been back for ten years. Let's just say that City Center has caused The Strip to lose its old Vegas charm.
4	For the most part I enjoy staying at the Venetian in Vegas more than its counterpart in Macau.The rooms there are very similar to what you find in Vegas.  Ours was roomy and the two beds never felt crowded.  The little railing separating the beds from the living area was a nice touch (and again, you get the same deal if you stay in the Macau version).  I slept relatively well here and would consider staying here again for the room.I'm not that big a fan of gambling here as with other higher-end Vegas casinos it can get costly to play with the higher table stakes.  The gambling atmosphere is fine though honestly I wasn't too thrilled with the dining options here.  I ended up grabbing a drink at Buddy's where the atmosphere was nice and the bartender was pretty cool.  In terms of location this place is decent - it's not too far of a walk from Caesars, Bellagio and the other big time casinos.  The Grand Canal Shoppes are fine though personally I a fan of the Macau version more because it's simply much larger and has a better variety of shops and restaurants.Nonetheless - from a comfort standpoint the rooms and amenities here are good and you can't go wrong if you're looking to stay here for a Vegas visit.
3	Nice place but they are cutting back in a lot of ways,  for instance blackjack only  pays 6to5 instead of 3 to 2 like every other casino... Takes a lot of fun out of it. Cocktail service at the tables was also the slowest I saw between The cosmopolitan and Mirage on this visit!
5	The rooms are large with a separate sunken living room area, at least two flat screen tv's, large bathroom with his and hers sinks and separated toilet, beds are very comfortable, room is beautifully decorated and very clean.
4	Beautiful hotel! Our room was very clean, and perfect size for my Husband and I in one king bed. The bed however was very uncomfortable. We found the couch easier to sleep on. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The one major complaint is the 20th floor hallway smelled like sewage! We'd have to hurry to the elevator or our room so we didn't have to smell it. (At least it wasn't in the room). We were very close to the Mirage and could hear the Volcano erupt every 30mins from our room. We aren't much for gambling, so didn't spend too much time in the Casino. The decor through the Shops was beautiful, but confusing. Hard to find your way around. This was our first time to Vegas, we would probably stay here again if we ever came back.
5	Amazing hotel, great staff, service, restaurants, everyone is polite AND PROFESSIONAL including security and floor managers/pit bosses. Vibrant nightlife and the rooms are very spacious and well decorated. Pool area is top 3-4 in Vegas. Also amazing music always playing throughout the hotel and Palazzo
5	The Venetian is one of my favorite hotels on the strip! The hotel itself is beautiful. There's something about it that is so gorgeous. The rooms are big because they are all suites. So even their standard rooms has a ton of space and its very beautifully decorated. I love gambling here. Their pool is GORGEOUS! I love the view from the pool and the loungers are very comfortable.I would absolutely recommend staying here.
2	I have stayed here several times and it is getting run down fast. Filthy rooms, poor service, etc. Reserved a king, got a double, paid full price and rooms went on sale for half of the next day. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Bellagio.
4	The Venetian is a great hotel to stay at! The hotel itself is beautiful. The rooms are very spacious and beautifully decorated. Would definitely recommend staying here!
5	Wonderful experience here! Accidently entered on the Palazzo side of the property and instead of having to walk through the congested casino we were upgraded to that side. The rooms are all large with a sunken living area and light blocking drapery. We had 3 tvs (1 in the bathroom, which was also gorgeous with a hug tub, separated glass shower and the toilet in a room all to itself. There is also a vanity area with am exquisite bench) and plenty of comfort in the king size bed. I got this vacation at a steal and will definitely consider coming again (I don't gamble but had never been to Vegas so now it's off my bucket list)
5	I have to start this off with saying that even though I'm going to list a few complaints, I cannot give this hotel anything less than five stars. We only stayed here one night, but it was the best night we had in Vegas, hands down. I got a deal on the room so I'm not used to a hotel of this calibur.THE GOOD:- Luxurious looking rooms.- King sized bed was beyond comfortable.- Completely sound proof.- The curtains and blinds were controlled by remote. (I'm easily amused, sorry).- Separate bath tub and shower. - Security preventing random people having access to the hotel floors.- Countless food/shopping choices on-site.- Room service was wickedly fast/precise.- Customer service at the front desk was unbelievably friendly/helpful. They allowed us to check in early free of charge.- Held our luggage for free after check-out so we could ride the gondolas and walk around a bit before our next check-in.THE BAD:- They didn't tell us WiFi was included in the resort fee, so that was lost potential. - NO complimentary beverages. Not even water. (But the selection of in-room paid drinks was amazing - also the tap water was drinkable).- Housekeeping woke us up at 8 am and 11 am even though we had late check out at 2 pm. That was honestly the worst thing, and it wasn't truly a big deal.I would stay here again in a heartbeat!It may be overly expensive, but it was totally worth it.
2	So without a doubt, the Venetian is a gorgeous, luxury hotel.  And if you plan to spend most of your time in a romantic getaway nestled in a romantic room, this may be the place.  Us?  It's Vegas baby!  Time to get out there and have some fun! My boyfriend had a conference over in the Palazzo and had a discounted rate here so we decided to try it out.  The Venetian has been one of my favorite places to wander around in with it's gorgeous looks and great places to grab a bite or two of food.  I'm not a fan of the hotel however.   This place is well named as Venice is a complex maze of hard to navigate streets and canals as well.  I never knew quite where I was in the hotel and it took a good ten minutes just to walk from our room to the casino floor.   Since their rooms are in towers, you have to take an elevator up to the hotel lobby, walk down a long hallway, take another elevator up to your floor and then walk down another couple hallways to your room.  Simple in theory, but every time I came up I saw people having to stop for directions....just to get to their room!   At least there is gorgeous decor to accompany you on your aimless lost wanderings around the halls of the Venetian. Gas lamps, gilded accessories, comfy chairs to rest your weary legs in...Our room was very nice however, with a comfy bed, suite layout with separate seating area and a shower AND large tub.  Our view was of a parking lot and a parking garage, but had some mountains in the background that were nice if you blocked out the lower view.  All in all it was a lovely place, but next time I'll be staying somewhere I don't need a map and extra 15 minutes to navigate.
5	Stayed here for my girlfriends 21st and finally my 21st. Service and atmosphere is solid and absolute. I couldn't have gone anywhere else besides here. Next time we go back to vegas, we're most definitely staying here.
3	Loved it great experience exept for some big guy wearing a red ses shirt hit on my wife while we were walking by the covention center his name tag said john.. very upset but the venition itself was great
5	I've been to Vegas a bunch of times and staying at the Venetian was my favorite! We actually ended up in the Palazzo towers, and our suites were beautiful. They were large and spacious with a great bedroom area, and a sunken living room. The bathroom was amazing with a great jacuzzi tub and separate shower, and of course a TV (3 TV's total per suite!). I just love that the Venetian has so many great shops, restaurants, and of course that great Italian charm!
5	Not only was the room beautiful, the staff was great too. Ariella was very helpful during check in! She made sure we had everything we needed. She even offered us water and gave us a bottle of tooth paste since we forgot to bring one. I will defiantly be staying here again thanks to her  great service!
5	So every Valentines day my bf and I would go to Las Vegas. I had called to book the room instead of booking online. I had explained to the lady on the phone that it was kind of an anniversary thing for us and she promised me the room would be exactly what I wanted. I hate when I pay for a "strip view" room and I only get a partial view or bottom floor room. When we arrived I couldn't believe the room we had! I have never been one of the double doors on the end and here I am standing in a suite on one of the higher floors with more than enough room for the 2 of us!!! The view was incredible! We could stand by the window and watch the Treasure Island show! I had never had turn down service before so it kind of scared me when the lady came in and did what she did. The staff was awesome and the location was wonderful. I was most impressed that when the fact that the lady who booked my room held up to the promise she made me. I will most defintely be staying here again :)
4	Very nice resort.  Staff was friendly and responsive.  We stayed in a King suite with a view of pool area looking west to mountains.  Room was fantastic - well appointed.  Among the few, would certainly recommend.  The Venetian and the Palazzo are connected via the Canal Shops.  Many quality restaurants and shops.
5	Best hotel on the strip, and I've stayed in just about every one. It's hard to stray from Venetian - really, you don't need to leave the hotel... They have everything (high end dining and shopping, fun amenities, top notch night life including Tao beach club, extra friendly staff, and relaxation options). The location is fabulous too. There are other recent reviews stating that the rooms are outdated but I strongly disagree. Our room was huge, modern yet sophisticated, and so clean. The bathroom was my favorite, with double doors, a gorgeous makeup parlor, and separate tub for two.The one thing I can say was a tad annoying is that if you overlook the pool areas the music from the beach club is constant and loud, but a) this is vegas, why are you in your room? And b) the thick curtains drown most of it out.
1	The hotel is getting old. twice during my stay the keys would not work and it took them 30 minutes to get me a new key. The front desk clerk said I can get a room upgrade for a better view, which I took but I could notFind the view... Stay at the Palazzo if you have to stay at this property..
3	Very smoky casino. Not sure why but much worse than any other hotel. Could smell smoke every time coming down from elevators and entering hotel from outside. Rooms need severe updating. Can tell they haven't been updated since opening.
1	Oh, please come to our hotel, pay four times more than other places, and enjoy our construction noise, soft bed (this is a MINUS for us...we like something supportive), and down pillows that poke you in the face just as you're falling asleep. Thought it would be nice to finish our trip with a stay at the famous Venetian, but I'd say skip it. It's not worth the inflated price.
5	The most beautiful hotel on the strip. We got the king suite through Expedia which costs about 170 a night. The room was gorgeous with marble floors and two levels. The sunken level was a living room with an L shaped couch, desk, three chair dining table and tv. The upper level had a king size bed, double nightstands and tv. The bathroom had a double sink, separate makeup vanity and chair, tub, glass shower, and another tv. We had a slight view of the strip. We loved our room. The hotel is connected to the Palazzo and has 50+ restaurants, probably close to 100 high end shops, and 2 casinos. We arrived early to the hotel and were allowed to check in to our room at 10:00am. Great service and beautiful hotel.
4	I think its the 2nd or 3rd best hotel on the strip... I think that Ceasers is the best. It is very nice inside. service is great. But nothing over the top when I stayed. Thats why i gave them 4 stars.
4	I absolutely love the Venetian. The rooms are amazing, it's full of fun shops and activities and is gorgeous. Stayed here for the first time this past trip and have been spoiled for staying anywhere else. If you can afford a room here, I would definitely indulge. My only gripe is that front desk service was not so great; our room keys didn't work even after swapping them out, and needing security to get into the room each time is not fun. But considering the high quality of the Venetian, it wouldn't deter me from staying again.
4	Nice place to stay. Our room was huge! It's a nice looking place. They provided good service. The crowd in this hotel is a bit older though. My preference is Cosmo but this is definitely my #2 choice.
4	The Venetian is absolutely beautiful. The property is so huge you could get lost inside for days! The architectural and interior schemes of the casino-hotel are one-of-a-kind.From high end restaurants (Mario Batali & Wolfgang Puck as such) to the food court, anyone on a budget can eat at the Venetian.I have stayed at the Luxury Suites here, and it's one of the nicest rooms on the strip. How nice is the bathroom inside the luxury suite? As my good friend's girlfriend quoted, " Phil, oh my gosh I could live inside this bathroom".Only gripe I have with this establishment is I am down like $2500 at the blackjack tables. Come on Sheldon Adelson, let me win sometimes!
5	I've stayed at many hotels on the strip, but this experience of staying at the Venetian far exceeds that of all my other vegas experiences. The room is HUGE, beautiful, comfortable and luxurious. As a girl all I need is a huge space, nice view and CLEAN bathroom. Let's talk about the bathroom: 1 shower 1 bath, a separate room for the toilet, 2 different sinks, huge bathroom, lots of mirrors, white tiles, AND best part yet: a separate makeup station, with a chair and magnified mirror  Lovely stay We also got in-suite dining part of the deal. Felt like a queen to be honest. Lol
4	If you're going to go to Vegas make sure you walk through the Venetian Hotel;  its a beautiful hotel.  There are lots of areas that are real works of art!  I know some people made consider this place as ostentatious or over the top, but consider this is what Vegas is all about!  Vegas is a simple statement of the basic law of Economics: it's the first thing you learn in Econ 100... man's wants is unlimited!  Ok I like the Venetian Hotel.  My friend and I were able to snag a suite on the 27th floor with a view of the strip.  I have to admit we didn't stay in the room much.  We were too busy golfing or dining to really enjoy the hotel and the suite.  Oh the excesses of money....  Haha!!!
1	Gone downhill over the past several years.  The ventilation is terrible.  Nonsmoking rooms smell of smoke. A coworker mentioned the "scent" they spray in the casino to cover any odors there reminds her of the lady's room. I realize for some that could, perhaps, be a bonus and I'll try not to judge. I've tried several restaurants and they are mediocre at best. The last straw was after paying hundreds per night plus an additional Resort Fee I get internet service that is useless.
5	While The Venetian in Las Vegas is nowhere near as grand as the real thing in Italy, it does offer a taste of Europe, but minus the pick pockets.I've stayed here a couple times and since it's an all-suite hotel, all rooms are spacious, complete with a separate couch space for watching TV, or staring blankly at a wall while fantasizing about winning the Megabucks jackpot. It may not be as modern as the City Center hotels, but you'll be more than satisfied with the amenities and shops.
4	After years of staying in Vegas in "non-luxury" hotels we finally decided it was time to splurge. A bit pricey even in off season but was well worth it.. Husband and I wanted a nice hotel with all the perks. We don't gamble but love dining and just the relaxation of a nice room we can kick up our feet in at the end of the day. Are we the norm for Vegas? No....we enjoy getting to the room early evening and watching in room movies, snacking and just kicking back. Nothing like getting away from the busy life of work and kids. We live close enough and this was our third time this year. A nice thing about going this year was the weather. We've always gone when temps reached triple digits so this was a nice change of pace. Our room was amazing. It did feel like luxury. It was clean, had a mini bar (over priced but with a Walgreens right outside the Hotel-we didn't get into it) THREE TV's....one in the bedroom (Big one) one in the sitting room (where we watched The Equalizer before dinner)and in the bathroom. Who watches in the bathroom? They always have free wifi that connected fast and great service. We even opted for Valet parking this time. Never did that before. Yes, it was a special trip. We walked around the whole hotel and the Grand Canal Shoppes. Or should I say window shopped. Although the hotel is a wonderful stay....shopping here was way over my budget. I don't make it a habit of shopping in Vegas. Would I stay here again? As much as I would love to....we're just blue collar workers. I will stick to what we know and are comfortable with, besides we typically see shows while there and I would rather spend my disposable income on Penn & Teller and such.If you have never splurged on yourself in Vegas this is the place to do it. I felt like a Queen for the weekend.
5	Was there on a recent vacation. It is by far the best luxury resort in vegas hands down...Visited all the resorts on the strip. Nothing comes close not even the Wynn or the Mandarin or the Bellagio. The staff is amazing. Truly the most enriching experience.From Decor, Suite comfort levels, service and food...The best
5	My family has been a fan of staying at the Palazzo. We love the convenient of self park parking structure that we never have to wait for our car. The hotel itself is always clean and we almost get the best view and the room. Most of the time we get free upgrade because we come here so often. Love the front desk and checking in is always fast. Love this place!
5	You know this saying "you get what you pay for" well The venetian fits that saying. Very beautiful resort, not liking the resort fee so I called everyday for things I didn't need toothpaste and mouthwash, I bring my own but $25 a day... I have to get even some way. The rooms are very big & comes with a living room & 3 TV's, one of the TV's is in the bathroom. The bed is extremely comfortable & it's very quite. After a hardcore night of partying, you will get a great night or day rest here. Worth the money.
1	I fell in front of the Venetian on slippery cement. Security asked if I wanted an EMT, I said no. But after a few days my tail bone was killing me so I called Venetian and they said sorry, because I waited they wouldn't help pay for my care. I am a senior and they dismissed me. I will never take anymore of my company to Venetian. VENETIAN DOESN'T CARE ABOUT SENIORS!!!!! It was their liability and they wouldn't accept it although I had alot of witnesses.
5	I have to say that employee The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino always goes out of her way to help me every morning in the hospitality suite. She always has a smile and keeps everything clean, organized and fully stocked. She even goes out of her way to get a special order item if needed. I look forward to seeing her on my visits.
1	Pros: Nice hotel overall.Cons: 1.They charge a daily resort fee of $25.00 per night that gets you free wifi, a coffee and newspaper...that should be an option not a must. $125 of internet for a 5 day stay is ridiculous, I never read the newspaper...Pfff.2. They have a mini fridge in the suite filled with drinks...if you dare to even move one (even if you dont drink it) you get charged for it!! Who the hell puts mini fridges in a suite with $10 drinks (as a tramp I see it)..Ridiculous....those fridges should have 2 bottles of water and be empty for whatever the heck you wanna put em.... 3. First hotel I ever stay in that doesnt even offer a courtesy bottle of water, yes there are a few bottles of water in the room when you arrive, but the same system as that fridge... drink one of those waters and you will be charged $8.00!!4. The beds are rock hard.5. They dont have fitted sheets on the mattress which makes it kind of nasty...6. The hotel is a maze...you spend a lot of time trying to get around, signs are not designed in a readable manner..just looking at them gave me a headache.7. A lot of employees dont even know their way around...imagine us guets...PFF! Items #1,2 and 3 really pissed me off about this hotel, will never stay here again..
1	The decorations indeed beautiful, but the staff are not so friendly as in Aria. I wait at the Bouchon for more than 5 minutes and nobody ever care about me. As for the room service, we have asked for it and the front desk said it would be served in 15 minutes. However the room staff arrived after 30 minutes! I asked for the kettle on my first day in Venetian, and I had to make two phone calls to get me kettle be sent to my room. The first lady on the phone only told me that the kettle was not available and I asked her please sent it to me asap if it could be available again. However, she totally forgot about this thing at all. Those things really made me disappointed, especially on the Xmas Day.  One star for Venetian.
5	The rooms are big and clean. Just like other five stars hotels in the area, plenty of restaurants onsite.
1	We came to ride the gondolas, 4 of us. We were interested in riding the outside ones, so we asked an employee who was there greeting us as we walked in where we could purchase them. He directed us to a desk with 2 guys, who said they could sell them to us. Come to find out he was just trying to sell us show tickets and wasted an hour of our time. Once he realized we weren't  buying any show tickets, he told us where we could buy them. He also told us my daughter  was too young to ride, she is 2.5. Once we got outside, they said she could and we couldve bought the tickets out there in the 1st place. So we get on and the ride was nice, too short though. Same price as 1 of the pictures they try to sell you at the end. Then as we were about dock, our boatman mentions that tips are greatly appreciated.  I was going to tip, but felt kind of odd being asked to tip. I still did, but felt weird afterwards. Never again. Plus too, there is no buffet here, and if there is I couldnt find it. Felt like I was at a car lot and just got suckered. Employees here just felt too pushy, like those people in the mall. And they didn't have their information right. Nice hotel, but the customer service is terrible!
4	pros: location and the in-hotel casino, restaurant and ambiance overall/ beautiful roomcons: not great service but vallet and front desk/ no late check out option/ very busy parking/ we were on the 33th floor (almost on top) and the wind sound woke us up couple of times during night. There was sth wrong with the insulation I believe.I am comparing this hotel with Wynn and Encore. overall good but not up to par with those two.
5	3 Days of great experience!!!Amazing Suit ( we got the Prima), Great service, Great room service (The food ),Everything was fast and easy.Thank you so much Venetian Hotel.
3	nice hotel and Casino. unfortunately our room was 2 football fields and 2 elevator rides from any entrance or exit. it was excessive.
4	Went here on Christmas day, it was very busy. Check in staff was very friendly & helpful. The line went by quick. We got two rooms, the guy made sure we were on the same floor. The room was beautiful, like a little suite! Everything worked perfect, room was clean & the bed was comfortable. Looks like rooms are the same except you just pay for a view. I would've gave them 5 stars but at 9AM housekeeping comes knocks on door & walks away, comes back 30 mins later & tries to open the door! She does this just to wake you up so she can start cleaning. So annoying! Check out is at 11AM!! Let people sleep!!Also enjoyed the lux cafe & the casnio level food court. Staff there were also very kind. Food was alright but a bit pricey but it is Vegas... Lol
4	What a trip!  There is nothing like the Venetian. From the accordion player in the entry to the gorgeous painted ceilings. Rooms are very nice and comfortable and I love that they have robes and a "makeup station" in the bathroom. We ate at the Italian restaurant overlooking the canal and it was one of my favorite dining experiences ever. I also had a late night burger from the food court and it was awesome!  Gambling was fun and the dealers seemed patient. Don't expect complimentary coffee in your room or a fridge.... Everything has an up charge, I mean everything. It was in the center of everything.
4	All the rooms are suits so that gives you a lot of extra space. The bathroom is luxurious and they try really hard to be one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. I would rate them in the top 4. The nightclubs are great as are the restaurants in both the Palazzo and the Venetian. Service was good and I would definitely stay here again.
3	came here for Christmas 2014...it was suitable!  The four star is because I got the smoking room and usually when you get a smoking room and first arrive, the room smells fresh but this room smelled like heavy smoke.  Also I booked on expedia and thought I got a room with a view...NEGATIVE. So i went downstairs to upgrade to a room with a view for $45 extra a night.  Only to find out the room on the 29th floor with a "view" you need to look out the window (see brick wall) then turn your head right to see the "view" of the strip. Then if you order food and want to rewarm it later...YOU CANT!  There is no microwave in the suite nor is staff allowed to reheat food do to the NV Health and Safety Code. PLUS the frig is FULL of drinks you pay for if you remove them for more than 15 seconds and there is no room for the drinks or food you bring on your own. Then if you want more glasses, after your room is cleaned, you can only get 3 at a time!!!  This is the best hotel I've been at in Vegas but NOT the best in my world travels.....Step up your game Venetian!
4	Clean, smelled nice. The canal shops are connected, but the different levels can be confusing. They're elaborate with the Venetian theme which is fun. They offer gondola rides, something my parents really enjoyed.
4	Got an awesome deal from Jetsetter and booked the Bella Suite with my girlfriend. Venetian never disappoints me. Bella Suite had two queen size beds and the room is pretty big. Service was excellent. Checking in and out of the hotel was a piece of cake. Also received a few coupons to use during our stay in Venetian. LIke free coffee at the bakery, etc. Grand Lux Cafe is open 24 hours and there's like a few of them I believe. Grand Lux Cafe serves pretty decent food for a decent price as well. So if you don't feel like calling room service, just take a stroll down to the cafe. Don't forget to take the expensive, yet quite cheesy/ romantic ride on the gondola if you want to feel like you're in Venice. Haha.Overall, it's great. Venetian is the prettiest during Christmas time (I believe). Their decorations are just picture worthy.
4	Beautiful rooms. Small shower. Hate when showers are small in a huge bathroom! Service was great here. Everything was clean.Why don't most hotels here have fridge space for your food!? If you move any of the items in the fridge it automatically charges you thinking you're going to eat it, so be careful. Basically you can't have leftovers or cold alcohol (unless you use the ice bucket which won't fit much but it works)The pools are really nice, gets pretty busy. Wish there was more shade! There's also Bouchon here, so go have an amazing brunch, make reservations for the patio if it's open (= And the shops area is nice to walk around in also.
4	I really like this casino. The customer service is great and the food is phenominal. Like the Wynn and Bellagio, it's expensive, but you really get what you pay for. The smoke in the casino is tolerable and you can really enjoy their attractions. On a nice warm day, I recommend the Gondola ride. It's very inviting and you get a really good feel of the italian culture offered here. This is a casino that's classy, sassy and fun all the way.
