4	Thank you, Kris and Craig DeMarco, for bringing Postino Central to CenPho: we've been waiting for you.  While we'll miss the charm and $2.79 breakfast of Katz Deli, the refurbishment of this pearl of a 60s building north of Camelback warrants commendation.The original cinder-block and brick edifice has been preserved, but the remaining vestiges of Katz's greasy blue-boothed diner-feel have gone away.  The stained concrete floor is shined up to reflect the myriad votive candles dotting nearly every ledge space.  A view across the 1,000 square-foot, one-room design reveals smart furniture and several table arrangements: plush booths, a coffee table and vintage chair lounge, traditional wooden two and four-tops, high bistro tables, the long concrete bar inside, and the matching concrete bar on the back of the restaurant, where a comfortable patio meets the inside space with large windows that swing up and open. The large glass doors facing Central Ave. also open to create a breeze from front to back. (You definitely feel that the design of Postino Arcadia informed the restoration of Postino Central.)My yelper-friend K.G. brought me to a fundraiser here on Saturday night, and though the full menu from Postino Arcadia wasn't available, the pinot noir and chardonnay that were selected for the event were strong choices.The familiar array of bruschetta and the stand-by cheese platter served on the bar/communal table were abundant and tasty.  My personal favorites remain the tomato, basil, and mozzarella; the warm artichoke spread; the roasted peppers and goat cheese; and the ricotta with dates & pistachios.  Postino continues to succeed with cheeses that retain distinctive and memorable flavor.  This is defiantly not one-taste-fits-all cheese.From the dessert tray of Tammie Coe delights, I grabbed what I thought was a Russian Tea Ball but soon found out this was a decadent, sell-your-soul chocolate truffle dusted in powdered sugar.  With the pinot chaser, oh, dear me...it was close-your-eyes good.The servers were in full force with at least 10-15 prim and polished attractive bartenders, runners, wine-glass fillers working the front of the house for the event.  We liked Stevie with the hipster hat and fun haircut the best.  His most memorable rejoinder when we hesitated at his request to fill our glasses again was "I'm just going to pour it in.  You don't even have to drink it."  Occasionally you'd see front and back of the house mingling through the order-up slot window into the kitchen.  Foodies of Phoenix want to see the chefs working their magic.Now on to the restroom.  The sliding doors to the mens and ladies are frosted.  The circular tiles throughout cause a double-take as does the deep sink.  Noticeably absent is a mirror, and I imagine this will be remedied by the March 30 official opening of the winebar.  But without a mirror to inspect my red-wine teeth, I was a self-conscious swiller.Postino Central is a three-minute walk from the light rail stop at Camelback and will be a mainstay hangout for CenPho mavens who enjoy wine and open-air lounging.After the Grand Opening, I'll return to see how they're doing as a winebar with full menu, and I imagine my star rating will reach 5.
4	Drove up and walked in to Postino on Friday afternoon.I walked in and they were happy to show me around.The place looks fantastic.  As a fan of the former Katz deli I was happy to see they kept some of the original feel.  But clean, modern and very hip.What a great addition to the neighborhood.When they finish adding a Pizzeria, Market and Bar in that little corner I will be stoked.Thanks for the recommendation on Taco Tote also!Tj
5	For many years my family and I came here when it was Katz's Deli.  Then, $1.95 got you the breakfast special of two eggs, hash brown potatoes and a bagel of your choice (weekday's only).  Howard and Wanda (?) would be happy to see what has become of their neighborhood place.  Postino Central is still very familiar to those who remember its earlier incarnation but it's now clean and hip, and still very inviting.  If you're a patron of LGO or any number of their other restaurants, you know this group just gets it.  The menu and layout are right out of the original Postino.  Hey, if you've got a winning formula why screw it up (are you listening Hanny's?)?  The outdoor patio has an open bar to the main restaurant a la Chelsea's Kitchen.  It works here too, bringing some of the interior vibe outside.  The principal problem with LGO, it's parking, has been addressed with a large number of spaces and complementary valet parking.  Very nice.I was interested in the bathrooms (that didn't sound right), as their location is basically unchanged from the original, though dramatically improved.  The guy's has a funky sliding door and the girl's two sinks.  I'm guessing this has something to do with the fairer sex's inclination to potty in tandem, though I admit I'm unclear of the benefit of the two sink, one toilet layout.  Interesting.You have to hand it to this group.  They take interesting buildings and make them better (when it's obviously cheaper to just tear them down and start over), they locate in real neighborhoods and improve the property values and they know how to stick with a winning formula.  If you know Postino you won't be surprised by Postino Central but you will be happy you came.
4	We saw that they were open on the Chow Bella blog yesterday and decided to go last night.  It felt just like going to the 40th St location, same menu, decor...but somehow better.  We ordered a couple of glasses of wine and a bruschetta and were very pleased with the service and quality of food.  The place was packed!  I think this neighborhood has been waiting for something like this for some time.  I won't miss the old Katz Deli too much though it was a part of local history; the new Postino is a welcome change and I love the openness of the back bar and patio.  It's a nice place and we will be back!Oh, and expect to hear a lot of 80s new wave music, at least that's what was playing when we showed up...the Cure, Duran Duran, Depeche Mode seem to be their theme.Like their other location, expect the finest breads from MJ Bread as well as tasty treats from Tammie Coe Cakes.  mmmmm.And you'll need to use the valet unless you get there between 11-4 (and you'll get $5 wine for being early).
4	If it weren't for the absolutely terrible parking situation, I would give this place 5 stars.  My husband and I have been driving by this place every single day after work.  It has been lots of fun watching the change from Katz to Postino.  Finally, on Monday, we drove by and saw it open.  We immediately turned around, and then around and around again trying to find parking.  We gave up and decided to plan on it two days later.  Well, two days later arrived and we found a place to park across the street and next to the gas station. Everything else is worth 5 stars.  The service here was impeccable.  Our server was both friendly and knowledgeable.  Every server in the restaurant was attentive, I had seen a few different ones stop by our table to clear our plates or refill our water.  It was really nice to see servers that operated like a family.The food was out of this world.  Usually, I don't get salads, but the raspberry chicken salad sounded too good to pass up, and it was wonderful.  It was very appropriate in size, and quite filling.  The raspberry dressing went so well with the gorgonzola and apples.  The lettuce was fresh and tasty.  The bread they served with it was also quite good.  I'm going to guess it was some kind of blueberry walnut bread.  We also got a grilled cheese to share.  I love grilled cheese, and this one was fantastic.  They served it with three dipping sauces, mustard, ketchup, and pesto.  All three of them were excellent with the sandwich.Their wine list seems to be pretty well rounded but I don't know anything about wine.I love that Postino is on the way home from work.  The relaxed vibe of this place makes me really comfortable in here whether I am dressed up from work or wearing jeans and a t-shirt on a weekend.  Phenomenal place.
4	Boy was I happy to see this place finally finished.  I've been driving by for months now, keeping a watchful eye on it, and now, finally, it is done.  I haven't been to the original in years so I can't really compare it but it feels the same.  Open, airy, industrial, fresh, and classy are all words I would use to describe it.  Really, a great conversion.There is almost no parking.  It is a bit sickening to think about when you consider how crowded this place gets.  I appreciate transit oriented development as much as the next person, but the poor neighborhood around this is going to get mobbed.  The LRT is close but might be enough of a walk to turn people off (especially during the summer).  They have valet parking but I refuse to let anyone else drive my car so that was out of the question.  We parked across the street by the gas station, prayed, and ran across Central to get there.There are like three entrances to this place but I guess you just sit wherever.  Service was good, friendly, and knowledgeable.  We were wicked disappointed that there was no sangria.  For a wine place, there should be sangria.  I had some Lion Stout beer that rocked my world.  The wife had some Riesling.  It was good too.We ordered the NYC grilled cheese for a starter and it was great.  Came with pesto, mustard, and catsup and was sliced into like 6 small pieces.  It rocked.I ordered some panino that was rocking a bunch of Italian meats, tomato, and some cheese.  It was great.  It came with homemade chips that would have been better with some more of that catsup.  The place was really just quality.  The crowd was good at 4 which was surprising.  The patio was packed.  The bar is pretty cool.  No hard liqueur but that's okay.  In all, well done!
2	High on Attitude...Low on Service..By this point, I would have imagined Postino would running better then a Patek Philippe watch....That was not the case last night.  My suggestion... Give Postino Central time to hire a service focused staff with a sense of urgency before you come here. The arrival of Postino in my 'hood was highly anticipated.  I was hoping the new "central" location would be "inspired" by Postino... not an Exact replica.. Which was a little boring!  We arrived at 7:30 to a full bar.. Which, a full bar is nothing new for this restaurant group, so why did it seem so chaotic? We found some seats at the bar and waited to be served... and waited... and waited... we counted 3-4 on bar staff... yet the "main'" bartender seemed pre-occupied, and easily distracted.. AHAD?  We were finally acknowledged after 10 mins and placed our orders.  As we looked around, we noticed others at the bar with either an empty drink or no drink at all. (Amazing that the owner was monitoring the restaurant, however did not pick up on the fact so many at the bar had to wait so long for service) There was one lucky group at the bar, ( We think they were the original cast from  the movie Sixteen Candles  ) that enjoyed exceptional service and attention.. Full drinks at all times, maintaining the bartender's attention as the rest of the patrons suffered.  Perhaps they hypnotized or used voodoo on the staff... Hey ...whatever it takes... I guess I'll go to a graveyard and kill a chicken at midnight before my next visit! The bruschetta we ordered was great, the same quality as the Campbell location.  Warm, thickly sliced artisan bread, covered with generous amounts of toppings.  Our favorites were the prosciutto, Fig and mascarpone cheese and the Apple & Brie.. yummy!!!  The food was the only reason I gave this night a 2 star.  Although we fought our better judgment to leave after we enjoyed  our food... we stayed.  Big mistake!  We foolishly thought  once Jake Ryan and Caroline Mulford left the bar , the voodoo spell would be broken, that was not the case...the wait for the following drinks were just as lengthy as the first!If I were the owner, .. I'd replace the Bar Staff with the Valet Staff.. The Valet Staff was quicker, service focused  and had more personality then anyone at the bar..I look forward to returning back to Postino Central when they have "ironed out" the "kinks"..
3	We went here on a Friday night so it was understandable that parking was a bit tough. The wait was a bit on the long side but they made sure that we had glasses of wine while we waited. Their wine reco's were pretty good and have a great list of wines by the glass. They also sell a good variety of wines by the bottle in their shop.We had an assortment of their bruscettas -- so very creative and all were delightful. I couldn't pick a fav but I must admit I loved the one with the marscapone cheese. The hard part was choosing what to order. I also had a salad/panini combo -which was so fantastic.
2	Hmmm....where to start...the concept is great and the location is good but... and there are some BIG buts.....the parking is horrendous. ...second complaint is that happy hour ends at four (4)....what the @!#$. The wine list is not that impressive and cost 22.00 with tip for two glasses. I think that it might be the perfect place on a saturday or sunday where glasses of wine are $5.00 till four (4)...on the other hand Aiellos is RIGHT next door and has 1/2 priced appetizers and drinks till 6 pm and the food and service was wonderful but that's another review......
4	Love the atmosphere, food, wine prices. Showed up opening night and shared the requisite bruschetta with the hubby and a nice glass of wine. Met a colleague for lunch yesterday, and ordered "the plate", a mixed meat, cheese, et. al. appetizer that turns out to be more than a complete meal for me. My colleague loved his chicken panini, ordered on focaccia. Loved the MJ breads. Nice wine selection for decent prices. Service was fine both times - quick and efficient, not overbearing. The inside nicely blends coziness with open airiness, and seems less stuffy then the Arcadia location.For lunch I arrived at 11:40 and the outdoor seating was full, the inside almost so - consider arriving early or late if going for lunch. I'm partial to valet parking, so I consider the parking situation perfect. Those who are valet-adverse will be frustrated, as valet is the only viable option unless you want to drive blocks into the neighborhood looking for a parkable spot.
4	Took the light rail from downtown to Postino's on a Saturday--felt downright cosmopolitan!  Got there just before 4PM, earning me a few bucks off my first glass of wine.  The patio was just about full, and within an hour there was a waiting list for both inside and outside dining, so try to hit this place during off-hours.Service was friendly, and the bruschetta was great--for those who haven't done the Postino's thing before, you pick four flavors out of twelve and get a bite of each for each member of your party.  The peppers and goat cheese, the fig and apple, and the prosciutto were outstanding.  Paninis and grilled cheeses floating by looked delish.  Wine was reasonably priced, and a lot more so from 11-4.You can watch the poor valets scurry about in the sun while you lounge on the patio, reminding you that you're glad you walked or light railed in.  The place is open-air, even inside, and I'm interested to see how it works in the heat of summer.  We had a perfect springtime afternoon in the sun on their patio--just make sure one of your foursome brings sunglasses. :)
4	I stopped by here when it'd only been open a few days.  I can tell that they were still trying to figure a few things out, but overall, I had a great time.  While they don't necessarily have the most amazing selection of wine, they do have a good selection and I had some pretty good glasses (from Spain and Argentina) while I was there.  They don't really have a dinner menu, but they did have some good appetizers.  They have some great hearty selections of bruschetta that are really unique, such as Proscuitto with Figs and Marscarpone and Brie and Apples with Fig Spread.When it comes down to it, you're really coming here for the atmosphere and not for the food.  I'd definitely recommend this spot if you're looking to socialize in a cool, sleek environment rather than a typical dive bar.  My only complaint was really the bathroom - they have one bathroom with one stall for men (I heard women have two stalls?).  With the amount of people who can be there, there's a possibility of long waits when it comes to using the bathroom.  It doesn't really make any sense: a place serving alcohol should have at least a few stalls so that people don't have to wait in long lines.
4	The wine is good but a little pricier than I think it should be.  The bruschetta is absolutely out of this world - recommending the ricotta, salmon, prosciutto, and pepper... In that order, too.  I'd had the same server each time and he's great.  Remembered the table we sat at, the wines we ordered and even the bruschetta.  I was shocked! The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 was due to the limited parking and the painful wait.
4	I had some sort of grilled cheese with three sauces. I enjoyed it immensely. The location is great. They're gonna kill it because nothing is really around there that can compete. I hate the bathroom doors. HUMAN FACTORS people. Human factors. Will I be there very often? No. Is it a decent place that's going to attract a lot of yuppie duchebachery? Yes. But I'll play along.
4	Oy, Postino's. I wanted to smite you, because you took Kat's Deli away from me. I wanted to spit on you. I wanted to thumb my chin at you. I wanted to rattle my bobbles in your general direction. But, tonight, you made a lover of me in you. For shame, you bad bad boy. I met up with three other people tonight for a casual dinner; I brought the light rail because I imbibed in an absinthe gin martini at home while starting a cross word puzzle. When I arrived, I was greeted by my diner companions and a row of bruschetta. Both were lovely, but the latter were more filling. Since my late arrival, I'm not certain exactly what was ordered: there was one with bacon, one with tomatoes, one with goat cheese, one with prosciutto, among other. I macked them down double time, they were that good. But, I rather filled me up, so I wasn't able to finish my roast beef panini. Oh well, lunch for the following day isn't such a bad thing. All the food was wonderfully delicious. Postino also has a pleasant wine list and some great beers on tap (I had the Kronenbough 1664). As for the washrooms, I liked them. The sliding door made me feel butch, like I was tough enough to drag a large piece of frosted glass across the floor. Loved that they stamped their toilet paper with their name and the logos, but wouldn't want to be the first to wipe with that portion. I understand the neighbors in the Medlock District have issues with the street parking. Hey, I totally understand your concerns. But, having a jewel like Postino in your 'hood makes up for the inconvenience of losing your street parking. Being a reasonable walk from the light rail, I see this as a place I'll likely frequent.
3	I did some day drinking at Postino yesterday and it was great.  The outdoor/indoor patio feel was awesome for getting out of the AZ sun.  They have $5 wine from 11-5 daily as well as average priced drafts and beers.  I had framboise (belgian raspberry beer) which was $10 ($12 at most other places I've been to).  They also let you take beer to go for 1/2 price which is really a good deal if you want to try something different but only want one to take home.  Or for my framboise that would make it $5 which is no different than what it would be at the store.I didn't try the food but was drooling over everyone else's... there are a million kinds of bruschetta that looked really awesome.  The panini's looked decent as well.The vibe is kinda of midtown, hipster, "FEZ-like" but it was quiet and relaxing too.All around good place to have a mid-day drink and it's now on my list to go back and try the food!
4	Postino's is the perfect addition to the 'hood. Great wine selection/value, sandwiches, salads and location. Bonus for the complimentary valet and awesome servers!
3	The wife chose Postino Central for date night.  We had been wanting to go to the original for awhile but for whatever reason never made.  This was is a little more convenient and we ended up there.  We arrived around 5:30pm (parked a couple minutes away on Colter) and the place was hoppin'.  Surprisingly, the wait was only 25 minutes.  We were able to order a couple of drinks and enjoy them over at the mini-stand up tables on the side of the outdoor patio.  Our wait (which including the sighting of a local semi-celebrity, so exciting) did not seem too long, and we were seated.  Since we had a chance to review the menu while outside, we were able to order quickly once the waitress came by.  (While we were waiting, it seemed like the music was quite loud inside, though I can't recall noticing it being a problem once actually inside...).  The food was served quite quickly, we each had a salad with a panini.  We both enjoyed our salads (mine was just a side w/ the full panini, nice touch with the pine nuts on the greens) but thought the panini's were a little weird.  It's just that every time I've ever had a panini anywhere else, the 'filling' has been warm.  Here, the outside had obviously been grilled, but not for too long as my roast beef was still cold.  Don't get me wrong, the flavor was still good, but I didn't quite get what I expected.  The drinks we had were good, though, I'd like it better if they extended their wine happy hour so it went past 5pm...  Service here was quite attentive and the (minor) issue was it seemed like a little bit too long of a wait from the clearing of the table until the check was brought, but it was busy, so not that big of a deal.I give Postino on Central 3 Yelp stars, but in the real world, I'd give it 3.5.  Good service, good tasting food (though not great execution).  If I was going to meet someone for a drink in the area and it was before 5pm, I could be persuaded to go back, otherwise, maybe, but probably not.
4	It is just like the other location, but I like the patio a little better. It's bigger and more open.The food and wine are great - just like the other location. I am going to spend a lot of quality time here.
4	As an L.A. girl I've seen it al in the dining sector but this architecturally hip Phoenix patio home turned open air bar was a nice surprise.  Fresh farmer's market ingredients and simple combo's put the focus back on the food and taste.  I loved the tomato and mozzarella, bruschetta selection and extension affordable wine list.  The locals I was with hit it weekly and I can see why.  Cute graphics on their menu/interior too.
4	So I have friends that RAVE about this place...and today one of them said I had to go, lunch is on me...and free meals are always cool!!!First thing I noticed and liked  is the fact that the Valet is complimentary nice touch. The decor is cool and the seating is comfortable. So what I really enjoyed about this place is the fact that the staff even though you can't always tell who they are is extremely courteous and professional, and very attentive. The fact that on Monday's they have 5 dollar glasses of wine that normally go for twice as much on any normal day. I got the vegetarian sandwich which was delicious along with some ice tea while my friend just enjoyed the discounted wine:)The only reason this place does not get 5 stars from me, is the fact that they did not have the nutrition information on any of their menu items...trying to eat healthy when I can...so I was a bit disappointed about that I mean if  I gorge myself at Del Taco...at least I know how many calories I am eating....I don't know call me a little girl about it. Just wished they had it.Otherwise this place rocks...more like 4 and half stars...damn it Yelp get with the half a star program already!!!
4	Tuesday is my favorite day, and last week, on a Tuesday, naturally, the gf and I went up to Postinos around 3:30, to do a little $5 wine and some bruschetta.  Wellll, as if it couldn't get any better, they just started, that day, $20 for a bottle of house wine AND a plate of bruschetta. How could we resist?  Bruschetta favorites definitely were the smoked salmon and prosciutto with fig and mascarpone, accompanied by the La Linda Viognier.  We ended up doing another round of bruschetta with a bottle of the Riesling, left completely toasted (we live 3 blocks away, phew!), and think this deal is the devil. $40 for 2 bottles of wine and 2 bruschetta plates??? Too damn good.  From the service, the ambience, the food, fantastic wine, there is nothing I can say bad about the joint.
3	Five of us had an A-OK lunch. I would go back. I would recommend it to friends and non-friends.  They've done an excellent job with the design. The waitress was right on top of her game and friendly without being our best friend (which I almost never can stand).  Did it knock my flip-flops off?  No, but I was still a happy diner.
5	I have been to two events where these guys provided the catering, and both were amazing. The food, and there was lots of variety of food was fresh, great combination of flavors. A variety of vegetables, nuts, grapes all served ob a variety of breads. One could grab handfuls of pistachios, cahsews, red peppers, olives and more. This is NOT your celery sticks and carrot sticks with a dip dish in the middle. Far far from it. If you want your guest to come away with a "Wow, they sure had great food at that event"... hire these guys NOW!
5	I give Postino's 5 Yum's for the delicious Bruschetta and the huge variety! This is a great place to come with friends and have some wine and bruschetta. Nuf said!
4	went for the first time yesturday afternoon. pleasantly surprised. good service, a little slow at times.  the panini sandwiches were actually pretty good, pricey at $9.50 but i guess  you cant go wrong with a nice glass of wine for $5.00 before 5 pm.  So far so good. Ohh my recommendation would be that maybe they should consider extending their happy hour an hour or two!
3	It's OK. The environment is fun and a needed addition to the area. The wines are un-inspired and the food is boring. The staff is fun, friendly and sweaty. Yeah, sweaty. That great patio all the other reviews talk about - well, it opens to the bar/restaurant via two large, garage-door style windows. I can imagine that this will be fabulous during the winter. However, this time of year it makes for an experience more akin to Bikram Yoga than to casual wine dining.
4	yummy yummy yummy! right in my neighborhood. so happy with the entire meal, service, ambiance and price! i had the panini and salad, sister had the same and our bill was $20 at most. the panini was called the market, i asked for cibatta, fresh mozarella, basil and tomatoes very fresh! followed by the mediteranean salad topped with a tsatziki dressing, which was plesantly surprising, as i normally hate that stuff! its always so acidic, but alas....not here!!! plus the vegtables are all so bright, fresh and crisp. my flavored ice tea was tasty too! the servings were so perfect for the price! i even had half of a panini to bring home to eat....right about now lol! the place is D-E-O-L-I-C-I-O-U-S, and so close to home yay! next time i'm trying the Mozarella & Tomatoes because its served with walnut bread and i love walnuts.the service was pleasantly wonderful! we never had to ask for more water or tea, our food was brought out in a very timely manner and the overall atmosphere of the place was quit relaxing. the bathroom door is so sweet! i love to roll things and this big mambo jumbo door rolls!
5	Was frequenting the Central Phoenix area and was going to go to Pizzeria Bianco but unfortunately they closed at 10pm so being in the area I want to go someplace chill with good food, so I had been to Postinos' before in the afternoon during the lunch rush and their fabulous wine happy hour, and gotten a sandwich but never had dinner there.So due to the fact the pizza place was closed, I went in for dinner my date had the side salad with a glass of wine...and I had a bowl of soup of the day along with the turkey sandwich and some organic chips.The food and service was perfect along with the ambiance of the location, it was quiet there were only 5 or 6 people in the whole place besides the staff.We split one of the Tammie's cakes for desert..and my date almost died of sugar overload...she explained that sex that evening would not be necessary due to the chocolate desert that she had just consumed. Not sure if that was a good thing or not...:(This place was perfect it gets better every time I go there. A must stop visit if you are on central in Phoenix. Great food, great wine, great service, great ambiance deserving of all 5 stars.
4	Brushetta with your choice of toppings!! I'm in.!Cute wine bar, reminded me of home in San Francisco.Prices were right and a great selection of wine.Totally, hip, cool and happening wine bar.They offered great service, willing to move our party from bar to outside patio when an opening came up. So nice they even called a cab for us to get back to our hotel.  I'm coming back when in town! Wish there was another closer to home!
4	Yet another hit from the LGO Group. I've never been to the Postino in the Arcadia neighborhood but wanted to try this one for lunch since it's near my work. They have a great location on Central Ave. and the decor is simple but stylish. The lunch crowd was very eclectic, but I assume the place skews a little younger and more happening for the nighttime scene. Although it's called "Postino Winecafe," don't let the name fool you into thinking food comes second. I absolutely LOVE the bruschetta, with about 8 different options of topping. For $12.75, you get to pick four, and it's enough for an appetizer for 2-4 or an entree for one. We went with the apple and brie, smoked salmon, roasted red peppers and goat cheese, and ricotta cheese with pistachios and dates. All of them were super tasty, but the apple and brie was a standout. We also shared the prosciutto panini, with brie and fig jam on focaccia bread...so delicious! This is a great hangout for the young urban CenPho crowd, and come fall that big patio will be packed!
4	I love the fact that LGO is bringing their modern and hip concepts to Central Phoenix. However, I was sad to Katz Deli have to go. As they say though "out with the old and in with the new". Very reasonable wine list and the bruscetta is always amazing. We tend to go during lunch and share a panini with soup or salad. I have never been disappointed with quality of their product. I love the building and will continue to go back.
5	I love Postino's!  I guess that is all I really need to say:).  Everyone else pretty well covers the details.  Michael and I come here often... we love the all day happy hour, the food, the wine of course and the service is always excellent.  My latest favorite is the Pub Board but the bruchetta is always awesome too.   The central phoenix location is perfect!
5	Postino is exactly what I think of when I imagine a wine bar:  cozy, trendy, and understated decor, a light menu with plenty of finger food, and of course a great wine selection.  The parking was tight, but not terrible.I went to that location for the first time last week, and it was exactly what I was in the mood for.  It was full of people, but not noisy, with lots of Imogen Heap and Postal Service playing at the right volume.  My one glass of Sangiovese was tasty til the very end.  The bruschetta (on MJ bread, they tell me) was fantastic, and went perfectly with the Italian picnic salad that we split.I debated between four and five stars, and decided on five because I couldn't think of anything they did wrong.  I don't know if I'd go there if I were really hungry and wanted a full dinner, but for a light meal and a glass of wine, it was just right.
4	My coworkers rave about this place and I finally got to try it this morning.  They were totally correct.  Postino's seems to be all about the wine, about which I am unenthusiastic.  I tried a Mimosa, and our waitress seemed really concerned that I didn't like it.  It was good!  The food is amazing.  The menu is very small and limited, but in a good way.  You know that anything on those few pages is really, really well made with awesome ingredients.  I got the 1/2 veggie panini and  1/2 spinach greens salad.  So good!  I don't know which was better.We were convinced that our waitress had to be an owner or manager based on her attentiveness, but she said not.  Really great service and food, and what seems to be a major selection of adult beverages.
5	What is there to say that hasn't already been said on Yelp?*Great wine...love the $5 glasses before 5pm*Yummy food...love all the bruschettas, prosciutto and brie panini, and mixed green salad, I ususally do the 'pick 2' and it's plenty for me*Atmosphere....modern and cozy at the same time.  Very Seattle-ish.  Great patio, can't wait to get out there again once it cools down a bit.*Friendly and attentive servers..always seems 2-3 people end up helping out.  I love team players!Still haven't been to the original Postino, but when I live so close to this location...why would I?  Thank you Postino for giving this NW girl a slice of home.  Can't wait to bring out of town guests to see for themselves. :)
4	They sell sandwiches. And they have valet.Let me rephrase for maximum ridiculousness: It is a sandwich shop with valet parking.I imagine the absurdity of it is lost on Brad and Buffy, who drove all the way from Scottsdale in their yellow H3 for a night out in "downtown" Phoenix. Ohmygaw!Anyways, the place is packed every night (even Tuesdays) with Brads and Buffys. Good luck getting in.We finally got a table on a Sunday morning at 11:05 AM. I guess Brad and Buffy had a tennis match at the club. It somewhat pains me to report that the service was impeccable, the decor was mindblowing (that back porch... wow!), and the food was pretty fantastic. I had a delish salad with shredded chicken, and Spouse enjoyed his Valet-style sandwich.We will definitely go back once Brad and Buffy have moved on to the newest CenPho hotspot (St. Francis perhaps... if that place ever opens). Until then, drive carefully down Camelback. Brad's behind the yellow H3, and he's had one too many Chardonnays.
4	This place is pretty good.  Careful not to park on the streets though within the neighborhood.  I did and paid a $30 parking ticket!  Ouch.  Only beer and wine.
4	The original Postino Winecafe is a regular stop in my rotation of fave places... I love it both for lunch and dinner.  So, although it's a little further away, I just had to go try the new Postino, and I finally made my way there for lunch last week...Sure, the valet parking situation sucks (that's my one pet peeve with this place and I knew about it going in), but get over that and you'll have a delightful experience at Postino Central no matter what time of day you're there...The restaurant is brand new and beautiful - a clean, fun, welcoming atmosphere - just like the Arcadia location.  Service is friendly, iced tea and of course it's the same delicious food as the original location too.  During my recent lunch, I went with the Mixed Greens Salad (which comes with shaved pears, candied pecans, red grapes, gorgonzola, and crispy leeks served with poppyseed vinaigrette - and added turkey to it too).  Yum!  It's delicious - I could eat that again and again and not get sick of it.  I also love their bruschetta (perfect for sharing as an appetizer and fun to choose from the variety of unique selections).While the Arcadia Postino is closer to home, I have no problem driving the extra couple of miles to go to the new central location.  (Either way, I'm a happy camper.)  I'm just excited that Phoenix now has double the pleasure (double the fun) of having two Postinos to choose from!
5	What can I say? I was super excited that one of my favorite winecafe's: Postino's opened up on Central closer to my home. As its a great place to gather with friends in my neighborhood, the food is fantastic, and I am a "take out" regular. I absolutely adore the prosciutto and brie panini on focaccia bread (it is loaded up with figs and arugula) with their mixed greens salad. They do have a take out parking spot now, which comes in quite handy. If you are there with a large group, order the bruschetta. There is usually plenty to go around. They have a decent wine list, I tend to stick to red's. Listen to your server, they will not steer you wrong. I've been able to make it out on a Sunday for their $5 glass before 5pm. Atmosphere is fun. If you haven't been there yet- you should!
5	Nothing can replace the original Postino's, but this Central Ave. location comes pretty close. Perfect little lunch spot featuring your favorites (i.e. bruschetta planks in all the varieties, yummy paninis and plenty of wine) AND my personal favorite part, the smokin' $5 deal.Just five bucks for a mini pitcher of a draft beer - that's a little over 2 pints' worth of Kiltlifter, Hoegaarden, etc. - or glass of wine = sa-weet. That special runs 7 days a week from 11a-5p. The lunch food items are well priced for what you get, too, with generous portions. Delicious and fresh, for less than $10. Same great design and atmosphere and killer sliding-door bathroom with a sink big enough to wash your hair in (I'm always a sucker for a cool bathroom!).
5	amazing amazing!! always good have been there countless times never dissapointed with the food great lunching atmosphere.Just dont go at popular times and you will be fine.Delicious
4	Today 1:15 PM. 8-28-09 Gus Meredith and I went out to look at a house and since it was in the area we decided to stop and try Postino. Yes there was a wait, but then considering the size of the building it does not take that many folks to create a wait. It was about 20 minutes before we were seated. My back was pretty much to the whole of the place so I did not really get a change to look it over, but what I did notice was open and light. I think the person who seated us and waited on were nice, it seemed that way any how. I was not in the mood to look up and study them ;-{) I had the prosciutto with brie on focaccia with the Italian picnic it was the select two Gus had bruschetta and I forget what choices he had ~Mer had Autostrada Well all I can say is I am happy we stopped here. the food was great, very fresh and clean where one can taste each ingredient. So we will be back, aYUP.
4	Gals pals headed to Postino for a little Happy Time and had a great time!  Surprisingly, a table was ready to go for us so we sat  and enjoyed some wine (for them) and a mimosa (for me).  Yes, I ordered a mimosa at Happy Hour, it was really refreshing.  A little bonus was Mayor Gordon was sitting next to us, that was a nice surprise!   We didn't order any food this time around, well, we ordered olives, that doesn't really count.  They were good but $5 for a small-ish bowl-- not a big deal, they were really good. Valet is complimentary, but you should tip.  Staff was all really nice and attentive.  The outside patio is really inviting, maybe not when it is 110* outside, but in soon time, I am looking forward to sitting out there and enjoying many more mimosas, wine, beer, olives, bruschetta.
3	I'm a big fan of Postino and you can find me there just about every Monday night.  The $20 wine/bruschetta special is awesome.  The bruschetta with the ricotta and pistachios is amazing.  It's a great place to meet friends and hang out. So why only three stars...Well consistency is what makes a place great.  The service and food should be good if you are there on a Monday night when the place is empty as on a Friday night when there is a line out the door.  I was at Postino last Friday night and it was a train wreck.  The waitress couldn't get the order straight and when the food finally came it was horrible.  How can the same dish ordered on a Monday night (the bruschetta with ricotta) taste and look so radically different on a Friday night???  There are some service issues that need to be worked out...I'll be back, but not on the weekend.  Now when I drive by and see a lot of people in the parking lot I keep on driving.
4	Have been to the other Postino's a couple few times but not this location until last night.  Similar theme, old post office rehab.  The bar faces inside and outside and is open, very cool.  The atmosphere is similar to the other location.  The happy hour is always good with $5 glasses of wine.  I tried a spanish red blend that was very good.  The board app with white beans, olives, italian meats, toasted bread, and so forth - all very good.  The white bean portion at the other location is much more generous but not that big of a deal.  If you're downtown just head up Central 5 or so minutes and you're there.  A worthwhile stop.
5	One of my favorite places in Central Phoenix. The 5 dollar wine by the glass can't be beat with an order of any of the bruchettas. Perfect for lunch or a light dinner with great friends.
4	Great happy hour deal on the wine and beer!  But I was a little concerned that the beer selection was somewhat haphazard compared to the care that the restaurant has placed elsewhere in the menu.At Catherine's urging, I went for my first bite of Postino's signature bruschetta selection last Saturday with a couple of friends.  All I can say is that it was yummy and a huge improvement in positioning from what I recall of my last visit to their Arcadia location (a couple years ago).  I remember previously thinking that Postino was little more than an average but trendy neighborhood spot.This time around, my only recommendation besides improving the beer menu (only one local brew!) is that they perhaps drop the price of the bruschetta by about $3-$5.  For afternoon snacks and drinks, I thought $45 for two was pushing it a little.
4	This North Central spot has a relaxed urban vibe with it's patio bar area, contemporary decor, and intimate lighting. The wine racks make a beer drinker want to give it a go. If you do visit you MUST try the bruschetta. You get to choose four types and it is AMAZING. By far the best I have ever had. Definitely try the roasted red pepper. They have a great wine and beer selection and if you can't decide your helpful waitress can narrow down your options based on your taste. My friend ordered the panini which wasn't as good as the bruschetta but is a nice runner up. The lighting is intimate and only compliments the chosen color scheme. If you are looking for a date place this is it. Another thing caught my eye was the unisex bathrooms. I love a place that can offer the sophistication I am looking for while saying farewell to social norms. Keep Phoenix feeling urban Postino.
5	This place is addictive and is going to get me into trouble.  The wine by the glass list is small but very good, when the food arrives it's even more interesting and tasty than you expected when you read about it on the menu (excluding the bruschetta which I found uninteresting), but I think the best thing is that this is a great place to hang out for an afternoon.  Staff are friendly but not in a goofy way, helpful when you need without being condescending and, unlike so many wine bars, professional in appearance and behavior.  Good people watching with a pretty diverse clientele.  I haven't done my usual Saturday chores for two weeks now, instead finding excuses to hang out here all afternoon.  baaaaaadI prefer this location to the one on Campbell because it's airier and has better service.  Recommendations?  If you can't decide, get The Plate which has bits of all kinds of things, all of which are wonderful. Try the sparkling sauvignon blanc for a nice change from the typical white wine.  And of course try to do so before 5pm to get your wine for $5.
4	Love it love it love it love it....Whenever my friend Rayna and I need to meet for a glass of wine, this is where we go!  I love the ambiance that this place offers...I even like it better than the Arcadia location.  The bartenders are extremely nice and knowledgable with the wines.  (Always impressed with their selection, especially their Malbec and Syrah) We always get the cheese plate and the variety of Bruschetta.  I do have to admit that I am not thrilled with some of their bruschetta selections lately, especially the Tomato Jam and the White Bean.  But my staples are the Warm Artichoke and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese = YUM!!!)Parking is eh...you kind of aren't given a choice to valet.  And I have noticed on more than one occasion that the police like to issue tickets to cars parked on the street.  Bathrooms aren't that desirable either...like what Dallas G said...those bathroom doors...
5	As much as I love the original Postino, this one is equally amazing, if not a little better.The bartenders here are really sweet, and make sure that you are good to drive home before you leave.  For the record...I slur my speech after a few glasses of wine, I wasn't really that drunk.They still have the amazing wine selection, absolutely delicious bruschetta (get the tomato jam and goat cheese, heavenly!), and great soups and salads.  And of course the paninis are a godsend.Though this one is a little farther, I think I will frequent it more often because of the bigger space and bigger bar.
5	We had a fabulous lunch here last Saturday. Perhaps it just happened to be the perfect combination of circumstance and mood, but our meal really hit the spot. After finishing a hike, we were ready to relax and enjoy a nice meal. We shared a roast beef sandwich, a red pepper and gouda soup, and a side of the mixed greens salad. The salad was quite possibly the best I have ever had. It had the perfect amount of salad dressing (I don't like it when it's drenched) and it had the perfect amount of stuff in it - amazing! We also had Mimosas (made with fresh squeezed orange juice!) and ended with the Chocolate Bouchon. If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here all the time!
4	I've been here twice now in the last 2 weeks and I love, love, love the $5 wine before 5pm, but my new found love is for their salted caramel sundae with chocolate covered corn nuts.....yes, corn nuts!  Who would have thought something so odd would be so good.Also tried their corn chowder, warm artichoke spread and salads, all great!  I would ask them what is up with the day old bread served on the Bella Postino though.  The french bread wasn't toasted, it was hard and dry.  All in all the rest of the bread served with this dish is yummy.They certainly draw the crowds!  Tuesday at 4 it was already buzzing.  I think it must be because of the Happy Hour starts at 3, don't be late.Happy eating!
4	Never did I expect a little place on Central to be so busy on a Wednesday night, so much so that they offered Valet parking because the lots were full.  I had an enjoyable time sitting on the patio.  Definitely need to go back to try their wine selection since I could not partake last night.I only had time and an appetite for something small so I chose the Bella Postino.  Warm artichoke spread, white bean hummus and MJ Breads.  The spreads were tasty, the bread not so much.  I imagine the bread would have been heavenly (after all it is MJ's!) if it had been fresh and soft, but alas it was day old and crispy.  Not a big fan of crispy bread.  Perhaps next time I'll make mention and have the bread subbed out with soft fresh bread.Looking forward to visiting again and trying some other items and wine !
4	Yummy, fresh, beautiful food.  We loved everything we got.  Bruschetta was excellent, paninis were yum, and salads were really nice. I am very pleased with this find.And, while most would say it is 'not good for kids", I actually thought they did great by our 6 year old daughter - they have a kids menu (and the kids plates are lovely) and they give Wikki sticks to entertain the kids.  I see that it is not really a kid atmosphere - but I'm just saying, it worked out really well for us.
5	The original Postino is one of my favorite places in the Valley, and I actually like Postino on Central better.  It could be because I can take the LR there, but it also has a slightly different feel.  I feel that the Central location is a little more cozy.   I think that Postino (both locations) set the standard for wine bars in the Valley.  The wines are always well selected and the food is top notch.  I challenge you to find better bruschetta.  Good luck.I love the fireplace and the wraparound bar.  I also really like the patio here, especially the purse holders they have for the tables!  Brilliant!  Most places don't even have purse hooks at the bar, let alone little stands at the table. The bruschetta, salads (love the Mediterranean) and the wine selection are fantastic, as is to be expected.  I have recently begun to try their mimosas ($5 all the time!) and they are pretty well made.  The staff is always friendly and willing to give you a taste of wine before you commit. Just like the other location they have valet parking, it is complimentary.  The parking lot is really small so it is necessary.  But, like I said I take the LR there so the parking situation is of no concern to me....I can focus on more important things like relaxing and drinking copious amounts of wine.
5	It figures two days after I finally write a review for Postino they start serving brunch. Brunch and Postino. Two of my favorite things. When I got the email that they were starting to serve brunch I had to try it out. (Not to mention it was the perfect day to sit on a patio and drink mimosas). I tried the fritatta, which more closely resembled a Spanish tortilla, and it was good. (Not as good as the tortilla Espanola at Sol y Sombra....sniff, sniff). My husband had the country toast, which was kind of like an open face Monte Cristo, except minus the French toast part. A classy Moons Over My Hammy , if you will. It was also good, although I wish that there was an egg on each piece of bread. The other brunch offerings include French toast, BELT (Bacon, eggs, lettuce, tomato), a salmon dish (not quite a bagel and lox) as well as other egg dishes. They offer a few sides and starters- the walnut toast was fantastic. Walnut bread with brie and preserves? Yes please. In addition they also offer a huge pot of French press coffee, which my husband really liked. (It is Lola coffee). They have also recently expanded the patio, which I didn't notice on my last visit a few weeks ago since I was seated inside. It now has more seating space and a nice fireplace. (Which was going when we were there for brunch, a nice touch but completely unnecessary, it was quite warm). I am confident that Postino's brunch will make its way into our regular brunch rotation.
5	Yes!! A Postinos by me!! This one offers indoor and outdoor seating with a better view than the Arcadia location!! Good to come here to start First Friday, have the bruschetta and cheese plate. Plenty enough to go around ,2 to 3 people. Great stafff on hand as well!
5	Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.I ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.I feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!
5	I've found my new favorite place.  The patio was awesome, comfy with a fire and heaters, the bruschetta was wonderful, the wine was divine and I did not want to leave.  My lovely friends and I shared a little bit of several items, including a variety of bruschetta - YUM.  The only thing I didn't like was leaving.
5	This past weekend, I finally had a chance to try the brunch at Postino on Central. I went as part of Smunch, my monthly brunch meetup. I was really looking forward to this, as the reviews I'd read were glowing, and Postino did not disappoint!I started brunch with a delightful peach bellini, and my wife and I shared an order of walnut toast with brie and fresh berry compote. The berries and brie were a fantastic combination and the bread was yummy, toasted lightly to add a bit of crunch.I had the French toast, which I'd heard from Georgie S. was good enough to bathe in. It lived up to its reputation, as it was warm and soft inside without being too well done on the outside. It was served with creme fraiche, berry compote and sliced strawberries. It was an altogether delightful take on a breakfast classic.Finally, I finished the morning with a glass of honey cucumber lemonade and a cup of coffee. The lemonade was absolutely wonderful, light and refreshing. I'm sure it's magic during the hot summer months, but even with the winter weather I found it enjoyable. The coffee is from Lola Coffee a local coffeehouse and roaster. It was slightly more bitter than I prefer, but I accept that I'm an unrepentant coffee snob, so I rate it as perfectly acceptable for a restaurant setting.Finally, I have to commend Postino for handling the 30+ Smunch attendees very well. Troy (the manager) had set up four tables, but the group quickly expanded to seven. The staff, especially our excellent server Jenny handled everything with grace and a smile. I was also impressed that the kitchen staff was able to turn out so many simultaneous orders while keeping the quality high.The only problem was with figuring out the bill. Instead of doing separate checks or checks per table, we had three or four checks which each contained the orders for several people, but we weren't sure whose was whose. In the end, we got it handled, and since this was a special situation, I didn't feel that it should take away from the five stars I feel Postino deserves.Overall, Postino brunch is a resounding success!
5	Postino's Central originated from Postino Wine Cafe in Arcadia. This quaint spot is home to many locals of all types and ages. The environment has a soft ambiance with a more upbeat feel. Diners can choose their own wine from the wine racks or order by the glass. You haven't experienced Postino's until you indulge in their selection of pick and choose bruschettas brought out on a wooden slab. My favorites are the brie & apples with fig spread, the fresh mozzarella with tomato & basil, prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and the warm artichoke spread bruschetta. The panini and soups are also wonderful and they have just started serving brunch on the weekends until 1pm. Don't miss out on their Monday and Tuesday nights special! For $20.00 it includes one bottle of house wine and a slab of bruschetta. I would highly recommend this place for a date night, night out with the girls or gathering. Definitely one of my favorite spots in town to sip on wine and take in the scenery while enjoying a mimosa on the patio.
4	Walking distance from work, I love this place!   Been there many, many times for lunch in, lunch to go, happy hour, brunch on Sundays, some wine on a lazy afternoon... and one thing this place has in common for all of those occasions:  it's always, always busy!   Does that tell you anything? One point is deducted because I really dislike the service system they have.  I know it has it's advantages - everyone working there is responsible for everything... so you're never ignored or told "sorry, this isn't my table."    They pool their tips.   I know, I know... this has its advantages.  But the big disadvantage, in my opinion, is that you never develop a personal relationship with your server.   Perhaps this is a silly gripe, but it's the way I feel.   (And, way back in the stone age, I was a waitress for 10 years so I really like getting to know my server on a personal level; you just can't with this system.) Okay enough on that.   +4 stars is all about the food, the atmosphere and the great deals.   You gotta love the awesome bruschetta selection; the fabulous salads; the many variations of panini, which you can halve and get with a small salad or soup... everything is just really great.   The patio is awesome too - and they have it set up with misters for the hot days and a fireplace and portable heaters for the chilly days so there's only about 4 weeks in the entire year where you'll find it sparsely populated!
4	Not every establishment can come into a new area and do so well right after opening.  This place is an exception due to their reputation of their original location in Arcadia and know how to create a relaxing cool atmosphere.   Great addition to the neighborhood as this "hood" seems to be an up and coming area with new restaurants and revitalization.  I would really give Postino Central 5 stars, but I feel that the wines offered by the glass are only worth $5 as they are offered during the day.  They have done a good job making customers believe that they are getting a good deal at this price while this is what they should be priced at anyway.  It's not a huge complaint of mine, I just know what these wines really cost.Overall this place should be on anyone's list of places to check out and experience "Uptown's" new swagger feel!
5	What can I add that has not already been said? Monday and Tuesday $20 bottle and plank of bruchetta, Wednesday word of the day for $5 glasses and Saturday, Sunday divine brunch.The setting is awesome allowing you to dine in or outside,  and with 9 months of gorgeous weather you can't go wrong. Anything on the menu is excellent and the servers are really cool and helpful with suggestions. Only drawback is that the parking sucks, pay the "free" valet or get a 16 dollar ticket. Yes I speak from experience.
5	I'd say its pretty safe to say that I freakin' love this place. Came here with my man-friend the other day for lunch, and my only complaint is that they don't serve the brunch menu on the weekdays... Something to look forward to on the weekends though, because it is goddamn delicious. Not only is this place great for breakfast, lunch, dinner or HH.. its also got a decent selection of wines for sale, AND wine on tap.. are you kidding me? Love it.To accompany our Mimosas, because it was a champagne kind of day, we shared the prosciutto & brie panini along with their famous bruschetta  - you get to choose 4 kinds per order so we did the brie & apple with cheese spread, prosciutto with figs & marscapone, smoked salmon with pesto and the roasted pepper with goat cheese.. ahhhmazinzazing! All of them. F-ing mouthwateringly delicious. Certainly try a few if you happen to visit. Their drink deals are ridiculous.. $5 glasses of wine or $5 pitchers of beer from 11-5pm, Monday and Tuesday its $20 for a bottle of wine and plate of bruschetta , and you get $9 off any bottle if you take it to go. They have a a groovy back patio that is wonderful for anytime of year since they bust out the heat lamps, 1 per table it seemed, plenty of parking and pristine bathrooms. I like the minimalistic decor.. and the fact that it was very light and airy.. literally the place was packed about 15 minutes after we sat down, and I never felt claustrophobic like I do so very often. Everything about this place makes me smile. Its just GOOD. Go here as soon as you can, I promise you wont regret it.
4	I really enjoyed this little candlelit haven. Postino Central is a down-to-earth yet still classy wine bar in Phoenix that has some great vino and fun bruschetta boards. I went on a Tuesday evening around 7, and the place was packed. However, my friends and I were able to enjoy a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board at the bar while we waited for a table. An hour later (we had a large group of 6+), we were seated on the patio next to the fireplace, and we had a blast munching on the meat and cheese board, another bruschetta board - the apple+fig jam+brie is amazing, and more wine. They had a fantastic Argentinian Malbec. To our delight, there was a bottle + board special going on that night after 8pm ($20 for both), so we left at closing with full tummies, still moderately full wallets, and happy hearts. Many thanks to the bartenders who were great too! I'll be back!
5	Patio, fireplace, heater, great wine and great bruschetta.  LOVE IT.
5	i like this one better than the other one.that is all.oh, also, i would like to try the 20$ bottle and bruschetta sometime. this spring i think. beautiful outdoorish bar.
5	Cannot get enough of this place!-great location-all the tables seem to have privacy, yet you still can see whats going on.-the toilet paper is stamped with their logo (This means they got   somethin' good going on I'm sure)-cheap during happy hour-super cheap during happy hour ($5 pitchers everyday foo ' (I think between 11 and 5)-Special $20 wine/bruschetta thingy. -hot staff..except one guy yelled at me and my friend for smoking in the parking lot on our way to our bikes...whatevs.. we quit anyways!-not too many douchey customers (that I've encountered)-oh, and best hoegarden on tap i have ever tasted!win winw inwinwinwinwinwinwi wiiiiin!Postinos...FTW!
5	Went to Postinos with our Light Rail Pub Crawl group and was highly impressed with the service we received from the staff at postinos. It's rare when a restaurant is able to provide seamless service for this large of a group, but the staff works well as a team and it shows! They got us seated and fed right away. All the food was delicious and great for sharing! They had a $7.50 pitcher of hoegaarden special that was too good to pass up. I highly reccommend this location as good place for groups.
4	get that bruschetta, this is why i come here.  bruschetta and wine.  albeit this time i had beer because the $7.50 beer pitcher special was way too good to pass up on and i was day drinking and beer gives me a fighting chance to stay in the fun and games of day drinking.  lightrail stop #4.
4	My wife and I went here for a lil evening snack and some wine.  We are big fans of the other Postino (LOVE the bruschetta).  This was my first time here and my wife's second. We arrived at about 8pm and were seated right away.  The place kinda sorta looks just like their other location and had the same chill vibe going on.  The service was fast and friendly as always.  We each had a glass of wine and split the grilled cheese (totally random I know).  I am always impressed with their wine selection.  They have some good stuff that will appeal to just about everybody and it is all reasonably priced.  Anyway, the wine was good and the grilled cheese was just ok.  I'm not a fan of grilled cheese where the bread is real crispy and big.  Also, I'm not sure of the cheese they used but I wasn't a fan either.  It was just eh.  It wasn't horrible, but I won't order it again.  Hmmmm....maybe if it came with a bowl of tomato soup ....My only gripe about this location as well as their other one is the parking.  It is ALWAYS a clusterfuq.  I mean good for them for always being so busy, but it really is a pain in the ass.
5	By far, one of the best wine bars and eateries in Phoenix. Whether you visit for an afternoon lunch and an evening of wine, you're sure to have a good time. Ask for the Market Sandwich. It's not on the menu but it's delicious! A Panini complete with mozzarella, tomato, basil, pesto and if you're really in the mood, ask them to add chicken. Top it off with a glass of wine and you're set. The only thing I wish they would change is there $5 Wine HH. For those of us who work until 5, it's torture knowing we are missing out!
4	I love this place.  $5 mimosas and happy hour drink prices?  Awesome!  I have had the different brushettas here - the marscapone & fig, salami & pesto, and smoked salmon ones being some of my favorites.  I've also had the mini grilled cheese appetizers (so GOOD), the big plate appetizer (can't remember the name but it comes with hummus, cheeses, and prosciutto and salamis) and the old burratta plate.  Very, very good.  I am a huge cheese, wine, and brushetta person so this place is literally my heaven.  The only thing I'm knocking a star off for is the staff.  I've been there a few times and some of the staff could be rude and snobby, and one instance that irked me was when I talked to the server about adding burratta to my order, he basically charged me for the whole plate (burratta, olives, salamis, etc) and didn't add it on to the big appetizer plate, like I thought he would.  No big deal, I just wished that he would have explained it was a separate appetizer plate since we had so much food!  Overall, still my favorite place in Phoenix.
4	What can I say about Postinos that hasn't been said already. The architecture & decor is beautiful, the staff is great, the bruschetta .... well, it's amazing. Easily the best deal in the house. The variety guarantees that you have nearly endless different combinations. Did I mention they have wine & beer too? An excellent global selection of each at standard wine bar pricing. But there are deals to be had at Postinos as well. It's not difficult to enjoy a glass of $9 wine for $5. The Monday Tuesday after deal of $20 for a bruschetta board & a bottle of any house wine will keep you out late on a school night.
5	Okay, so Fez/Ticoz/Switch owner take note: Postino does modern/chic/classy/laid-back without it looking like Ikea threw up all over the restaurant.So I had heard tons of good things about Postino and had been dying to go and never got the chance until just the other night. I was afraid that I had built it up too much in my head and would be greatly disappointed. I was also afraid that eating here would  require me to call my bank and ask for a credit limit increase so I could afford the bill.Postino definitely lived up to my expectations in every way EXCEPT for the fact that the prices were great!I had the half panini and soup meal. I ordered the Tuscan Tuna panini and the white bean and chicken soup FOR LESS THAN $10!Both were so good and flavorful. I wished I had ordered 2! The beer/wine list was great. I ordered whatever beer my friend had and it was really good. I had never heard of it before but he had tried while in Europe and was impressed they had this beer. (Sorry I don't remember what it was called...)The service was great! I loved our server, she was friendly, sweet, and just completely on her game!I want to go back for brunch  and I want to go back soon!Now I chose the $11-30 price range because although you can eat for under $10, you have to have some wine atleast  right? Maybe an appetizer? Well I do!
4	My "soup of the moment" really was. Asked for vegetarian cheese and something, got (chicken and) fajoul. Great soup :) With meat :( The chicken was already dead though and I hate waste. So, you know.
5	Sorry Switch, My Florist, Bombaros, La Bocca, Main Ingredient, and other wine cafes that sell gourmet sandwiches and salads. Postino's has you all beat! Why you ask? Postino's has the best deals with consistent and high quality, delicious food and wine. I have been to Postino's on Central more than a handful of times and there is a reason I go back over and over. . . because you people make my dining experience so good. First of all, Postino's has the best brucetta. Hands down! They use larger pieces of bread and their ingredients are really flavorful. Their sandwiches taste just a little bit fresher and yummier than other restaurants. I cannot put my finger on what it is exactly, but it is fabulous. They also have a great wine and beer program that changes every month. They seem to be able to incorporate different malbecs in their wine list, which is a super plus for me! Their new brunch menu is spectacular and although I have only ordered one thing on the brunch menu so far, I have seen the brunch plates come out of the kitchen and they all look so scrumptious. Second, Postino's has deals that you just can't miss. Monday and Tuesdays after 8:00 pm you can order a bottle of wine and board of brucetta for only $20! $5 wine glass or pitcher of beer everyday until 5:00 pm. If you sign up for their email list, you get coupons for free meals occasionally. I just noticed that on Wednesdays they have a special word deal on facebook, when you write the word on a business card, you receive all glasses of wine for $5. During this time of recession, you make dining with reserve wine affordable.
4	This place rocks.  LOVE IT.  I would have given it five stars if the parking was so OUT OF CONTROL.  I tried to go hang out there last night...no luck.   7 cars in line for Vallet and not a spot to be found around the place that was open.  No worries...I will be back (when it isn't quite so busy.)
4	Service here, AWFULFood and drinks TASTY!Their salted caramel sundae for dessert is flippin' awesome.  So salty and sweet, with chocolate covered corn nuts... what?!  AWESOME!So yeah, I love it.
5	I loved Postino. I was feeling a little unsure as I walked in. Its a wine bar, can they really have great food? The answer is yes! I loved the outdoor atmosphere especially on this warmer winter day. The staff was friendly and accommodating. It was great for lunch. The service was quick and I never had to ask for a refill. I will definitely be back!
4	I like this place!  The wife and I got there at 11:45am and was surprised to see the place so full already!  Thanks for valet parking...looks like it couldn't happen any other way in this neighborhood.  Great design of the floor and seating.  Just a handsome restaurant.  I really like old style al fresco dining and the lunch menu looks like it was designed to be just that.  We chose the antipasti board and a bruschetta board....antipasti was very nicely presented and had a variety of cheese, meats, white bean tapenade, goat cheese, great olives, yellow sundried tomatoes and some cracker like crostini....we chose the tomato jam, fig proscuitto, artichoke and tuna bruschetta...enjoyed both very much.  The highlight of the meal was the Spanish Grenache which was the wine buyers special choice on the menu.  He picked it right!  It's been awhile since enjoying a Spanish wine and this one is good....earthy, almost taste the barrel and the earth the grapes were grown in, great fruit and acidity.  Service was excellent!  They even offered us a glass of water to go while we waited for the valet.  They even provide hand bag stands for the ladies made out of steel...nice touch!
4	I really, really want to give Postinos Central five stars but the service was so slow I had to down grade to four. The restaurant itself is cute and cozy with a modern feel. My sister and I went here for a casual Saturday afternoon lunch. We started with the bruschetta and it was freakin amazing! You get to choose four kinds but we got 2 of the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and the roasted peppers with goat cheese. They were so good that we decided to ditch ordering salad and get another bruschetta board. This time we did kind of a wildcard mixture. One of my favorites was the ricotta with dates and pistachios. It sounds weird but is really tasty. For drinks they have tons of wine choices but if you want a great non-alcoholic alternative the cucumber honey lemonade is terrific. I recommend this place because the food is so good but bring your patience for the parking and slow service.
5	I've only been to Postino's twice, both times for breakfast. And both times, I ordered the same thing: french toast. I'm not a big french toast kind of guy, but I absolutely loved them both times, and I look forward to the next brunch opportunity there. Might want to get here early though - we arrived at 9:30 on a Sunday and there were only a couple of tables still open. By 10am, there was a significant line.
2	Indifferent Servers.     Or perhaps Jaded...though this location has been open a relatively short time.     We arrived at the end of the lunch rush.    There were others who arrived around the same time.     Though there were plenty of seats, we had to wait a while to talk to a server and then we waited for our meals to arrive.     They later explained that they had a crush of ten orders.    OK.    That happens.They got my order wrong.    Sandwich made with the "other" bread.   That wasn't what bothered me.        It would have been nice if they had served me anyway and asked if it was ok.     After all, we had waited a looooooong time already.     I would have been fine with the "other" bread.  Give me the choice.Ah, you say, the server would have had to CARE about you as a customer to think this through!     But the servers don't care.      And that is the problem with Postino Central.     The food is ok, not spectacular.    The servers don't care.     And they make that clear with their inattention.
5	The wine list is great, the bruschetta are delicious, and the desserts are...well I never order dessert but I couldn't resist. I can't wait to go back.
5	Postino is a fantastic restaurant, both in atmosphere, and food. The service has always been on average to above average levels on my visits. Parking is a major issue here and you may need to valet to get a spot. They don't charge for it, but I always hate feeling obligated to tip someone 5-10 bucks to park my car in a free parking lot. The restaurant is pretty small, and can be crowded as well, so be prepared for a wait from happy hour on through the night.The food here is absolutely fantastic. Their bruscetta (brew-sket-ta for you illiterate fools) is off the charts. I recommend the ricotta and date. On monday evenings after 8pm you can have bruscetta and any bottle of wine for $20... can't beat that with a stick.I also really enjoy the Autostrada Panini as it is truly the most flavorful meat sandwich ever invented. Mmmmmm meat sandwich.
5	Great!.  Packed on a Sunday afternoon!  $5 glasses of wine all day (like 20 to chooses from) which is $4-7 off each glass!  Oh yeah, $5 pitchers of Hoegaarden too!  Great service, great energy - just like every other time we have been there.  Postinos is what other wine bars try to be but usually come up short.
5	OMG! Postino's went above and beyond for me on my birthday and I cannot even begin to thank them enough. See they do not take reservations on Sunday's because it gets crazy busy with their brunch and it is just a very popular day. Plus rain was in the forecast for Sunday which was going to make space even tighter. However I called up Postino's on Saturday and spoke with Troy # 1 and told him that I was coming on Sunday with about 20+ people and asked if there was anyway he could help me out. Hmm he says, let me get your number and I will call you back when I can figure out something. So about an hour later he calls to let me know that he can't reserve a table for 20 but that he can can hold at 4 top for me and as my party comes, we can seat them as needed and as long as their is not a wait. Deal!!!! So Sunday arrives, I go to Postino's and Troy # 2 lets me know that Troy#1 told him about me and my situation and that he was there to take care of me. :) YAY! so we were seated at our 4 top, and soon after, we were able to take over another table, then another, until we took over the entire back booth area as well as one 4 top that was close by. There was a couple, Sandy and Mike, that was sitting in the back booth who were so very sweet. We pretty much took over their area to the point that by the time they got ready to leave, they had gone from sitting in the middle of the booth to the very end of the booth. My friend Deb bought them each a glass of wine because they were so very generous and just all around great people. Now everyone told me how fabulous their bruschetta was and they were right. I only had a few pieces because I wanted to I talked to everyone and make sure that they were having a good time. But I will be back to enjoy an entire board by myself. Ok maybe not by myself but still, it was damn good. The wine I was drinking was also excellent as well. Hats off to my friend Deb for picking a fabulous red for me. You are the best. Special thanks also goes out to our server TJ who rocked it for us all afternoon. He made sure everyone was taken care of when it came to food, drinks, etc. Thank you TJ!!! I truly enjoyed myself and I will be back again VERY soon. Thank you again to the entire staff at Postino's on Central for making my 35th birthday extra special.
4	I was here...  you guessed it.. Saturday night. I have been drooling/dreaming about/over the pictures of their cheese plates and bruschetta since frequenting yelp. Every weekend I would put off going swearing I would get there next time. I finally made it and was absolutely not disappointed.I tend to stay away from super trendy places as my cheat meals generally include at least two places and a small time window. The wait is usually really long and although the service is usually good the food wait time is usually up there.I came fully prepared to wait for a while and for mediocre to bad service based on the reviews I've read. I was pleasantly surprised on both topics. We were instantly greeted at the door by a very nice/enthusiastic hostess. She apologized that they couldn't seat us right away and helped us find a comfortable place to stand and wait for a table. The wait was about 15-20 minutes. Fearing the service I had read about I was keeping an eye for open tables. One opened and the hostess quickly cleared it and was showing us to our seat within a few moments of the table freeing up.Our waitress was at our table asking about drinks within 2 minutes of sitting down. We ordered and drinks and appetizers right away. One of the apps hit the table within 5 minutes. The only complaint I have is that it was another 5 before the rest came out. Better to serve it all at once.In summary the service was GREAT. Total opposite of what I prepared myself for.Onto the Food:"The Plate":An assortment of artisan meats and cheeses served with tuscan beans, olives, nuts and crostini. Absolutely delicious. There was a huge variety of olives. The goat cheese was a little ripe for my liking but that's just a personal thing. The dish needs to be served with a little more bread then was provided.Bruschetta:Brie & Apples with Fig SpreadProsciutto with Figs & MascarponeWarm Artichoke SpreadRicotta with Dates & PistachiosRoasted Peppers with Goat CheeseSalami with PestoI'll spare you all super details. Just know that its all worthwhile. There were two in particular that the whole table loved. I'm not even sure "loved" is a strong enough word. You absolutely must try "Brie & Apples with Fig Spread" and "Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone." Freaking delicious!They are running a special now for an order of Bruschetta and a bottle of house wine for $20 mon-tue. This is one heck of a deal and a great way to get a little drunk and try the food on the cheap. Go and thank me later :)
4	That's some damn good bruschetta. For those of you that are not a fan of the tomato persuasion, you know how comforting it is lately to see bruschetta that does not contain tomatoes. Not only does Postinos offer great alternatives, they are divine. My favorite by far though, is the one with pistachios, though I devoured them all. Second fave, roasted red bell pepper. Mmmmmm. Okay need to stop thinking about that. Already had breakfast and am craving food again. Our server was super nice and attentive. I felt like I was at a resort being pampered, not out for a brunch with friends. When my champagne, honey cucumber lemonade concoction erupted like Mt. St. Helens and not even the champagne drink champion could down it in time, he promptly came back with a towel to clean the table up. LOVE!The country toast was mouth watering. I was a bit surprised to see tomato salad on my plate as I didn't see it listed with the item on the menu, but meh. It can easily be pushed aside. More things should come without tomato as a default garnish though.I ate every last bit of my food and consumed my entire champagne beverage. Not sure that last part is surprising to anyone at all.The outdoor patio is beautiful though a really tight fit. We were pretty close to a cactus... almost too close for comfort.Will I be back? More than likely.
3	If you are ever looking for a place to reunite with long lost family members, I highly recommend Postino. I went there on a suggestion by my Bestie, Dottsy Z. after I received a phone call from my uncle (whom I had never met in my life) wanting to meet for brunch on Sunday. I was looking for a central location between Mesa and Avondale and Dottsy being the Social Diva Extraordinaire knew the spot! It was the perfect day for sitting on the patio. The trees provided enough shade to prevent me from improving upon my already awesome farmers tan I received the day before at the Good Guys Auto Show. There was a trio playing a good mix of soft music although I would have toned down the volume a bit. All in all it was the perfect setting for my first meeting with my uncle, his wife and my cousin. The menu is perfect for light Italian dining. The majority of us ordered panini's. I had the prosciutto and brie on ciabatta with salad. It was AH-MAZING. Being the Italian gal I am I love me some prosciutto, and added with the brie and fig...YUM! My cousin had the same and he devoured his before I had even three bites in to mine. It may be the fact that he is on spring break from the Naval Academy that he has the constant appetite of a teenage boy. My aunt had the bruschetta which she loved but couldn't finish, my cousin took care of that problem. My husband had the tuna panini and like my cousin took his down in seconds flat.The only down side to the menu was the lack of kid friendly options. We had our 18 month old son with us and there wasn't a thing on the menu he would touch. Luckily our server was kind enough to bring a bowl out of their organic chips for him to munch on, and happily he did. So unless your little one can maintain on chips alone or has an advanced palate, I would refrain from taking them along. There are so many other things on the menu that I want to try. I cannot wait for my next visit!
5	Not sure what I can add to the already rave reviews...I've been here twice in the past week for lunch, and both times were fabulous. OK, the service was a touch slow the first time, but no big deal. The cheese plate was beautiful and tasty: three handpicked cheeses (we had a lovely goat, a hard cheddar, and a brie), some baguette slices, dried fruits, nuts, and marmalade. Loverly. The bowl of olives is very good, about what you would expect for a bowl of gourmet olives. The olives at TMI are waaaay better because they are marinated in sinful lusciousness, but I digress.I had the "pick two" option with a cup (bowl? the thing was huge) of potato cheddar soup and half of a tuna salad sandwich on ciabatta. My parents had sandwich/salad combos that looked awesome. I particularly like the portion sizes (large) and the fact that you can pick from any of the salads rather than being forced to eat some bland "side" salad or Caesar like at other places with this option.Didn't get any wine, but the selection looks great.Today I had the soup again and the Autostrada sandwich, which did not disappoint. And it was the most perfect weather to sit out back on the patio. This is why we live in AZ! I will definitely be back, and can't wait to try the (closer) Campbell location.
5	I am going to move in here.  I've been back a half a dozen times and am still totally in love.  The only disappointment is how quickly the salmon bruscetta and wine disappeared the other night.
4	this may sound depressing to some of you but I had lunch by myself. I had been wanting to check out the new postino so I decided to go on my day off. It was a beautiful day so I sat at the inside/outside bar on the patio. I decided to treat myself to a mimosa while I checked the menu out. I ordered the green salad with chicken, candied pecans, blue cheese, grapes and pears. Delish! It was fairly busy when I went and at times the service was slow. The bartender was very busy but apologetic for not getting my second mimosa out very quickly. It was a nice healthy lunch, not too much food and who doesn't love a little day drinking on their day off.
4	I love my hood.  Nice to know that I can ride my bike here if I have to or that I can take one owned by Postino conveniently parked outside for just that purpose.  This is one of five favorite places we haunt every week.  Most Friday nights will see us there for at least a drink or two after dinner. The staff is always great.  Show up a few times and they'll remember your name and what you like to drink (especially Troy).  I've heard the valet is a problem but honestly, those guys are cheerful and fast and I've never had an issue.  I love the fact Postino feels like a neighborhood place with pizzaz. The bruschetta is great, most combinations hit the sweet, savory, salty smooth and crunchy in every bite.  Apple and brie, tomato jam is insane, proscuitto is chewy and delicious--they're all fantastic.  Except the salmon--not so much.  Goat cheese and roasted pepper generally lasts only a second on the platter, it's my favorite.
4	Hard to go wrong here. Very nice space, indoor and out. Owners know how to create a space, set a mood. Its not rocket science or ground breaking, but they seem to understand that Phoenix is not a foodie town, so its safe, clean and simple. Menu items are simple, not much to go wrong. Wine selection is good. All in all a comfortable setting to enjoy a light meal and a nice bottle of wine.
5	This is my absolute new favorite restaurant! Everyone needs to try this place at least once. I love the outside patio. The service is always good. The wine deals are great. And the food... oh man... definitely the best part! Portions are big so be prepared to share. Be prepared with cash to tip the valet though. Not a lot of other parking. Awesome place.
5	I knew things were going to be good when I valeted my old Jeep Cherokee before going into here. I was expecting pretty great things and I wasn't disappointed. I love some good wine and I realized that a lot of other people in Phoenix feel the same. Postino was packed...I mean packed! I did not expect to get the quality service that I did because I assumed that the staff would be overwhelmed. This was not the case. The service, recommendations and the bruschetta were all fantastic! Though a friendly and energetic woman named Maya was my server, I was helped by a total of four people without solicitation (while the place was still slammed with customers). The whole staff was super welcoming and really made me feel like they enjoyed what they were doing. If I wore a hat, it would be off to this place. Go here!
5	So glad this place is in my neighborhood.....My husband, and 3.5 year old son walk here about once sometimes twice a week.  They are kid friendly, laid back and have just the best service.  We love the bruschetta , and the "pub board" and the kid's MIX AND MATCH.  The wine never disappoints and the atmosphere is lovely.  How did we survive without them?  Once they found out that we live in the hood...they slipped us a drink or 2....how cool is that??  I shall cry tears if they ever leave!
5	Just as fabulous as the Postino in Scottsdale. Went with a group of 7 and the service, food, and wine were all excellent! I had the proscuitto and brie panini, hubby had the autostrada, son had roast beef, others had turkey, vegetarian, and chicken and mozzarella panini. I had house salad with mine that was so fresh with a perfect dressing. Others had the soup of the moment which was a white bean stew. It was amazing as always. Even the chips that accompanied my son's sandwich were crispy and not greasy at all. They were some sort of organic chip but these were more than that. They were thick, and tasted homemade. We had the pub board, the plate, and the olives to start and we ended with the Salted Sundae which is by far, the best dessert I've ever had at any restaurant ever. Reasonable prices, friendly service, and amazing food. What's not to love about Postino?
5	Who cares if I've been there 3 times in 3 days, I LOVE this place!  My waiter "LaLo" or something like that, is as delicious as the food!  But that's another review...Lalo had me at "no problem, if you don't like your salad, I'll bring you something else."  That my friends, is the kind of service you get there!  I had a salad and didn't love it, so he brought me a salad I loved, and he did it with a smile!  When we returned on day 3, he greets us and says "nice to see you again."  OH, did I mention the food is sooooo good, you are going to want to move down the street just so you can walk there for all your meals.  Get in your car NOW!!!
5	Again, this is one of those unfortunate situations when a place I love is also loved by many, many others. It's ridiculously busy, but it definitely did not disappoint. Because of the numerous other patrons, it will probably be a little noisy, but it's worth it for the food and wine.The service was great and I LOVED the bruschetta. I sampled a few wines, including the wine "on tap" and they were all wonderful. There's an eclectic mix of people, ranging from young hipsters to classy elders. It's a nice place without being overpriced and pretentiously intimidating.
4	4.31459 Stars.I think I found my Sunday home.  I'm all for a great wine selection at 5 dollars a glass (over 20 choices) and good bruschetta (it's an "sk" sound for me) and panini (mmmm....sopresatta), but I was really won over with the 5 dollar pitchers of all their beers on draft (4 solid choices).  Odell's IPA at 5 dollars for a pitcher (about 34 oz.) and a hot date enjoying the wine..what more could you ask for?  OK fine, you could ask for more.  Greedy bastard!How about a friendly waiter who puts your next order "on hold" so you can take advantage of the Happy Hour pricing before it ends?  How about said friendly waiter putting your glass of wine on ice because you haven't yet finished your previous glass of a different wine?  Plus, even the early Bush-vintage Rossdale hair looks good at Postino.  Add in a great patio (better than the Arcadia option), an open space, indoor/outdoor bar, and music that includes Band of Horses, Built to Spill, Stars, Calexico, etc and you have a perfect Sunday spot.  (Just keep your flailing to a minimum, the cacti can be dangerous).Call a cab and head over for a fine session of day drinking.  You are on your own with respect to the hot date.
4	Maybe the Postino's hysteria is dying down a little bit, because my SO and I were able to get a seat on the chic patio on a gorgeous Saturday night without effort. My SO was happy because he was able to sit and admire his new/old ride while we ate, with a Chimay in hand, and I got to drool over the modern/industrial decor. We chowed our way through a bowl of olives, the Pub Board, an array of bruschetta, the salted sundae, and an affogato with great enthusiasm. The Pub Board has thick portions of warm pretzel bread which was to die for (although the mustard side was a little too small), along with chunks of earthy white Cheddar, some funky chunky sausage thing, and Corn Nuts (?). The bruschetta really needs no further commentary -- everyone knows the selection is excellent. I thought the bread could have used further toasting to give it some more backbone, and the fig spread was overpoweringly sweet to where it overwhelmed the otherwise delicate flavors of the green apple and brie. The salted caramel sundae was a little orgasm in a bowl (although again with the Corn Nuts? Jesus) and the affogato excellent, both standing on strong foundations of a high-quality vanilla ice cream bursting with flavor. The drawbacks? Somewhat confusing bathrooms that my SO complained bitterly about (I love them, though) and people who think a bar is a good place to bring children on a Saturday night, especially when said children run amok over the patio, blowing out candles. It's a BAR, people, no matter what language is used to gussy it up. Overall, a good experience in a wonderful little gem that has helped make Central a fucking cool little place. Yay, Postino!
3	Went there with a girlfriend for brunch and had a blissful time chit chatting.  We both got the panini, dont remember which but do recall they were yummy.  She was a lady and only ate half of her food, while I was a little piggy and ate up all my panini and salad!  Not because I was hungry, but because it tasted good.  Threw my damn 860 calorie a day fling way out the window. I was ok with it.  A beautiful little spot decor was nice, although I wish I would have had a friendlier wait staff, they seemed rather pretentious and uppety for being servers.  Its cool to be good looking at a swanky spot in uptown Phx and all, but not too cool to bring this "way too hot for you" attitude to work, and make people feel like crap as you throw their plate on the table.  I suggest smile more, be more humble, and enjoy being friendly.  Its nice sometimes! Overall though a cute spot, I'll visit again and hope there is better service.
5	We visited this establishment for our 13th wedding anniversary and we were not disappointed!  Very relaxed atmosphere.  We sat outside and there were no smokers!! They do not allow smoking on the patio - smokers can go around the side of the building to partake.Great wine list, also has beer and pop.  No mixed drinks.  Light food menu.  We ordered off the appetizers and it was more than enough and had the Salted Caramel sundae for dessert.  If you get there before 5:00 p.m wine by the glass is $5.00 and pitchers of beer for $5.00 - not a bad deal.  Very nice staff and free valet parking.  We'll definitely return - a very nice alternative to the chain restaurants that seem to have overtaken Phoenix.
4	Very nice date night sitting at the bar! Great vibe.Would have liked a few more choices of Zinfandel by the glass, but other than that the service was definitely good. Yummy olives as an app, then moved onto the Prosciutto with Brie Panini. Delish!!!Oh, I'll be back... :)
4	Have been to Postino's now three times and I must say the food consistently lives up to expectations as does the wine.  I love the Midtown location as the beautiful bar opens up to a great patio.    The first two times we went, the staff was very helpful and friendly and the music was light jazz - very relaxing. I would love to have given this  restaurant 5 stars but  i need to give it a 4 star rating because of what transpired during my third visit.  The third time was lunch with co-workers and the music was very grating and loud (Rap/grunge -which is not my cupof tea, especially when trying to have a converstion) .  When we asked our server if the music could be turned down or perhaps changed to someting less frenzied, she replied.  "No - I don't have any control over the music and I haven't received complaints from other customers."   Needless to say we weren't too happy with her response but we did not want to make a scene  nor let this ruin our lunch .  She was pretty cold towards us after my request which, unfortunately for her,  affected her tip.  That aside, whatever you order here, bruschetta, sandwiches, salads - everything is delicious and in good -size portions.  I will be back - just next time I hope the music  is  a bit more relaxing and the server with the negative attitude is not there.
4	Call me a cab bitches! It's official! Postino Central is my absolute favorite day drinking spot. I'm in love with all things vino. Some of you know this intimately. (some of you meaning anyone who's ever read any of my reviews) More importantly, I love $5 wine by the glass. Mostly because it ensures that I'm a fairly cheap date, but also because I like to try new things, so even if I hate it...hey, it was only 5 bucks.  The place isn't teaming with douchebags, which is fantastic. I think it's a prerequisite that you be easy on the eyes to work there...equally fantastic for both boys and girls, though it seems to be a predominately male crew...so, like I said...The atmosphere is solid. Bright, with an open airy feeling even if you aren't sitting on the patio. There is a Circle K conveniently located across the street, you know, in case you (or someone who shall remain nameless to protect his pretty dignity) are in dire need of a couple of Vitamin Waters and a gigantic box of Sugar Babies because it seems like a REALLY good idea after 3 pitchers of Odell's... until you start looking like a dog chewing peanut butter because you can't get them out of your teeth!!...Fuck!! There goes a filling..but that's a story for another time.The food is quite tasty and I'm a huge fan of Bruschetta. My favorites including the Warm Artichoke, Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese, Salami with Pesto and my all time favorite, Tomato Jam with fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese. It sounds a little suspect but I promise you won't regret it.I've enjoyed every Panini I've tried with favorites being Prosciutto with Brie and Autostrada (my soppresatta mistress continues to haunt me) *sigh*I was forced into sharing dessert once, it was some chocolate cake extravaganza that was insanely good, though I don't remember the name. Good wine, good tunes, great atmosphere and delicious food + excellent company and slurred speech = good times had by all!Cheers!
4	Well, Hello there captain yummy! The hubs and I met up with the mother & sister in law this past Sunday for brunch. We must have gotten there at the perfect time, 11 a.m., as there was no wait and we were seated quickly. When we left around 11:45 the line to be seated was insanely long. The food was great! I had the cibatta french toast with a side of bacon and a Bellini to wash it all down. The french toast was just lovely. I generally don't order french toast because its usually to soggy, but not at Postino's! It was a slice of french toast heaven with a super tasty creme sauce and fresh sliced strawberry on top. The bacon was decent, but no Matt's Big Breakfast type of goodness. Our waitress was on top of things even as the place filled up, our glasses of iced tea never got empty. We will for sure be checking this place out again!
4	So I was craving bruschetta and imagine that it's $20 bottle and board night.  So the decision was easy time to go to Postino's.  I hadn't been to the Central location so I decided I should go check it out.  The bruschetta was amazing as always and the wine went down way to fast ;).  The parking was free valet so I didn't have to worry about anything which was nice.  Inside it was very busy but you would expect that on a $20 board and bottle night.  Overall it was a great evening and I've now been to both locations and love them both.
4	Just like the other location, with these added pluses (and minuses):+ It's biking distance to my house. (+++!)+ The skateboard stickers on the cabinet in one of the bathrooms.+ $20 Tuesdays (Plank of bruschetta and a bottle of wine=2 dimes.)+ Indoor and outdoor bar seating.+ A retro arrow sign right above the front door.- Forced valet parking if I bring my car. I like parking my car. It avoids that "Where are my keys? Where are my keys?!!!!!" panic.But, let's be honest, everyone knows if you bring me a pub board and a mini-pitcher of Hoegaarden, I'm a happy girl.
4	If you thought dinner at Postino's was tasty, get your ass there for brunch. I cheated heavy on my vegetarian diet with the i-n-c-r-e-d-i-b-l-e "B.E.L.T", a panini-style sandwich bursting forth with eggs, thick slices of tomato, fresh spring mix, and perfectly cooked, amazingly flavorful bacon. The berry french toast, sprinkled with almonds and drizzled with some vanilla-y goo, also lived up to our lofty expectations. The apricot scone, which was thoughtfully served warm with a side of perfectly softened butter and apricot preserves, was very tasty, but not quite perfection. As a self-admitted snotty scone connoisseur, the texture was not quite up to snuff although the flavor was quite nice. The mimosas were delish, although really, how does one really fuck up a mimosa?An extra half star for our brunch server, who either eavesdrops like a mofo or reads lips on the side, as he managed to congratulate my still-dizzy SO on his graduation from his MBA program (which had occurred approximately two hours prior!). Or did the shirt and tie on a Saturday morning give it away? Either way, my SO was dumbfounded and flattered at once. Nice touch!
5	Walk, bike, light rail or drive, but get to Postino Central.Postino Central is a definite favorite of mine, especially for late afternoon/happy hour food and drinks. It's tough to beat. The indoor/outdoor bar is fab. Service is always great and food is always better. The bruschetta, the hoegarden, the paninis, the hoegarden.And don't forget the brunch, it's amazing. The scones, the egg sandwich, the french toast are all amazing.Brian DeMarco's Trio plays here on Sunday afternoons too.if you are looking for a great place to hang out, people watch and enjoy amazing food and drinks, this is the one.
5	I just wanted to add... The brunch is fantastic. The french toast and farm scramble were delicious. All of their brunches are about $7-10, but all look like hearty meals. There options are not the run of the mill bacon and eggs. They have put together some very delicious unique dishes. I will definitely be coming back to try different dishes. I have also been back several times for lunch and dinner and the food still rocks!
2	I went to @PostinoCentral for lunch today. cc: @PostinoWineCafe (How interesting that they don't even use the twitter for this location)I won't be going back any time soon. I am required to give at least one star. The second star was because the food was actually very good.You most definitely did not earn two stars.When I come to your establishment, it is not your place to determine that my not ordering something gives you license to treat me and my party like shit.Water was spilled on one of our group by one of the servers, and no offer was made to get a napkin, or help clean it up.Our actual server, who was adorned with diamond studs in her chest, gave the very distinct impression that everything she was doing for us was a chore.At the end of the meal, when I asked her to separate the checks, she nearly had a conniption. Excuse me for asking you to do your job, and not make assumptions about me or my party, simply because we aren't all falling over ourselves to buy each other's meal.I had the Nine Iron panini. It was pretty tasty. I had it with the salad, which was also delicious.Neither, individually or collectively, could have been good enough to overcome the deplorable treatment we received.Perhaps the fact that I wear a cowboy hat and boots is what gave the waitress the idea she had license to be an unreasonable bitch.Perhaps it's that we (our group) doesn't fit the wine-snob, or urban hipster stereotype.Regardless, you lost a potential regular. Nicely done.
4	My partner and I took a stroll to try Postino Central for the first time.  By walking there we didn't have to worry about parking.  Postino's does have valet in case you were wondering.  There is a neighborhood directly behind the restaurant and the home owners put out pylons and road barricades to keep customers from parking in front of there driveways.  Parking is tight at Postino's so if you have to end up parking in the neighborhood have some consideration for the home owners.  I am sure they are annoyed with all the traffic.  Enough said about that.Postino Central has had huge crowds since it opened.  My partner and I put off going until the novelty of the place wore off.  Guess what.  It hasn't worn off.  It is a great restaurant/bar and hangout.  We went later in the evening and there was a big crowd.I tried the bruschetta.  I ordered a half order.  There are 11 choices of bruschetta.  Take your pick.  To drink I ordered a Cucumber Honey Lemonade.  Yum.  No alcohol for me that night.  My partner ordered the NYC Grilled Cheese.  So simple but delicious.We went back to Postino's that same week.  Another large crowd.  They are doing something right there.-good service-wine list-full bar indoor/outdoor-patio-valetBoth times I have been there I ordered and Iced Cafe Mocha to go for the stroll home.  By walking there and back it felt like I was in NYC walking to my favorite hang out.  We will definitely frequent Postino Central.  This place is a Hot Spot for many reasons.  Check it out.
5	Totally love this place. Visited it on a Friday after work with my parents, brother, and boyfriend. We were greeted warmly and quickly, put on the wait list and escorted to the outdoor patio which was busy. As we waited, my Mom, bro and myself shared a delicious and refreshing bottle of a white blend wine. I'm not a huge fan of whites but on a hot afternoon, it was fantastic. We weren't even finished with our first glasses and we were seated at a nice little table near the front windows. Although it was a little tight for 5 people, a bottle (and ice tub) of wine, and then tons of food to follow; our waitress made it comfortable and kept us all happy! It was great!To start we shared the pub board and a plate of some of the delicious bruschetta; brie with apples and fig spread, warm artichoke spread, white bean and chopped tomato, and the fresh mozzarella,tomato and basil. The pretzels were mouth watering, buttery and salty. A Sierra Nevada mustard came along with and was just spicy enough. All of the bruschetta was delicious but the apple and fig, as well as the white bean and tomato both stood out. Different ideas and tasty unique flavors together. Great combinations!For our main course, we shared some sandwiches; my brother and Mother had the Tuna, while my boyfriend and I had the prosciutto with brie. This also had the fig on it and I couldn't get enough of it! My Pops had the raspberry chicken salad, which was also delicious. We didn't have dessert but we did have a bottle of the wine on tap. It was a white (once again, not a huge drinker of white, so I'm not sure what kind) that was again, delicious. It was very crisp, had some bubble to it and wasn't too heavy on the honey flavor; what I deam my theory on white wines (they all taste a bit like honey).Although I've never visited the original in Arcadia, I will definitely head back here in the future (especially because I work south of Camelback on Central!!! Thanks Postinos!
5	this is one of my favorite places - perfect for every occasion.i love the atmosphere, the seating, the wine selection, the pitchers of beer, THE BRUSCHETTA BOARDS - yum!, the salads, the friendly staff, the lighting, the music, the location, the great prices.. i could seriously go on & on!!
5	I think this is my favorite go-to place in Phoenix for happy hour, dinner, etc.  Bruschetta is amazing here - artichoke is my favorite.  Soups of the moment (they change all the time) have never let me down either.  And their salads are really tasty.  Portions are big - even salads - so splitting makes sense - and they are really great here and split things on separate plates for you.  Love the wine selection - this place got me hooked on Tempranillo.  Place has a hipster vibe but really chill and the staff is super friendly.
5	Wow. I can't believe I waited this long to check out Postino's. I mean what is wrong with me? It's like why did Liza wait so long to divorce her gay ass husband? Or why did it take so long KFC to come up with grilled chicken? Or why, why did it take so long for The Ghost Whisperer to be canceled? I ask you. Why? WHYYYY!!Putting that aside I have to say I was UBER impressed with Postino's on every level. I triple love the bar opening up to the intimate patio, the charming, airy and open dining room with the fireplace and cozy vintage sofas. Love it. Now let's talk BRUSCHETTA 101! OK. They have nailed it. Nailed it like Levi Johnston nailed Bristol Palin! My faves were the brie and apple and the ricotta with pistachios and dates. The bread is perfectly crunchy on the edge with a soft middle. Kind of like my Uncle Larry but don't tell him I said that. We over ordered because we definitely didn't each need our own sandwich. The Niner (I think that's the name) was gigantic and served on delicious focaccia bread...crispy bacon, juicy chicken...so so good. Side salad was, um, interesting. While I appreciate the pine nuts and the cheese I just wasn't feeling the dressing. Kind of sour. Not to worry. Nothing could spoil this fabulous foodie rampage. Service, at first a tad slow...was friendly and efficient. It won't take me long to return to you Postino's. I want to be a regular so that when I walk in everyone yells THOMAS!!!
5	I've been to Postino Central about five times in the last two months.  The atmosphere is a cute little restaurant with large tables for groups and outdoor seating as well. I have gone with small groups of 3-4 and larger groups of 9+, and we are seated within a reasonable amount of time. The outdoor seating can get a bit warm in hotter months, though.  The parking is complimentary (complimentary + tip, actually), so make sure you have some cash on hand, or the Light Rail is just about a block away or less. The wine selection is nice, although I haven't seen a Chianti on the menu. They also carry hard-to-find beers, such as my favorite, Duval and Raspberry Framboise.  The bruschetta is delicious, and there are interesting choices, such as white bean/tomato/basil and fig/apple/cheese, quite tasty!Update: Since I wrote this, about 4-5 trips later, again, wow, I'm so impressed with this place. In October, a friend came to visit and we had a party of 15 on a Saturday night. I made reservations, but they had the table ready to go by 6:55 pm and didn't mind that just three of us sat down while waiting for the others. The servers were quite attentive, and I've never had to wait. I recently brought my mom last week, and she described the food as "delicious," and today took part in the 3-5pm $5 happy hour, delish!  Another perk - it's so chill. I noticed many people wearing jeans or shorts at Postino today, yet some people dress up.The only thing that can be annoying - if you can't find parking or if the valets are done for the day, be careful about where you park in the street. I've had friends who got tickets.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove it.  The wines are good and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable!  The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it.  And work.  And oil spills.  And life.  Thank god my body's innate intelligence didn't forget about breathing or bladder control.  Those stayed intact.And the bruschetta what what!
5	This has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. I can't even count the number of times that I've been here (or the original Arcadia location) and it's consistently great! The bruschetta is flavorful and fresh (make sure to sign up for their emails, you get a coupon for free bruschetta and they don't bombard you with spam), their salads are delicious and inventive, and I always love their "soups of the moment." The wines are a bit on the pricey side, so definitely check out their $5 glasses of wine before 5 pm. I love to go on a Saturday afternoon and get a glass (or two) of their regularly $13 sparkling Sauv. Blanc Emeri. So light and refreshing.The service is good; it's definitely a trendy, hipster vibe but the servers are not pretentious or annoying. And their patio is dog friendly! I came in one afternoon with 3 people and 3 dogs, thinking that they would look at me like I was a crazy person and turn us away, but instead they sat us on the patio with a smile and even brought a water bowl for the pups. That's definitely the way to get a dog lover to return! The only downside is how crowded this place is - but you can't fault it for being so awesome that everyone wants to eat there - so I try to only go at off times. If you haven't been to either Postino location yet, it's a must!
5	LOVE Postino, best bruschetta  ....ever. Go on Monday or Tuesday after 8 and you can get a giant sampler of it AND a bottle of wine for $20. Love their brunches, love their location, love the free valet parking. It's basically a giant love fest. Also, their staff is amazing, no matter how busy they are you always get great friendly, timely service from lovely people. P.S. they like dogs too, so sit on the patio and you can bring yours...they even have little doggie dishes of water to keep your furry friend hydrated. What's not to like.
5	We went for a late lunch and had a wonderful experience!  We had the Chicken Artichoke soup and it was the best soup I have ever had.  The staff was fast and very friendly.   We will be going back!!!
5	I love Postino's. The wines are amazing and the food is just as good. The bruschettas are great. They are perfect for sharing and trying new things. I also have been here for lunch and they have $5 glasses of wine! Awesome. I mean, who couldn't use a good glass of wine mid-day? On my visit i tried a salad and sandwich and both were good, however, next time I will just skip the sandwich because my salad was incredible. The atmosphere is inviting, and I love the patio and the way the doors and windows can open. It gives the place a wonderful feel. The service was also great. I can't complain. I love you Postino's
3	i love slow, lazy brunch. if the place i'm at isn't busy (and trust me, postino wasn't!) i should feel welcome to relax and linger as long as i like. i definitely didn't feel welcome to do that today.  i did not appreciate the unfriendly service. there's really no excuse for it. on the bright side, my friend loved her b.e.l.t. and i loved the ciabatta french toast. it really was phenomenal. i will give central one more chance - only because of the food.
5	First of all, you will be hard pressed to find someone that doesn't like Postino's. I mean even my ubber-macho-not-so-much-wine-drinkers guy friends love this place. It is also one of the only places I do not mind waiting 45 minutes to an hour for a table and in the Arizona summer no less. I have been to the one on 40th street a bazillion times and finally made it up to the on on Central last night for a girl friends belated birthday dinner. Side note - gotta love a place with complimentary valet! Only complaint I could possibly have is that the hostess made me wait for my friends all to arrive before she would seat me. I got there early to make sure to beat the crowed, as it was a Tuesday and their totally awesome $20 special was going on. By the time my untimely friends arrived (25 min later) the wait had tripled, but she did leave me on the list and once they arrived we only had to wait another 15 minutes. Also, kudos to the bartender who got us started on our wine while we were waiting. There wine list is awesome and the staff knows the most intimate details about each. The Grenache is my fave so we started with a bottle of that to go with out bruschetta selection of Brie and Apple, Prosciutto Fig and Mascarpone, Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk, and the Salami with Pesto. Side note: Always ask what the soup of the day is, if the response is Roasted Red Pepper and Gorgonzola... DO NOT think twice, order a bowl!!!!, it goes fast. The best soup ever!!! Second round we had the Grenache Blanc, waitresses recommendation. It was crisp, creamy, limy and yummy. Perfect choice to go with the second board of bruschetta, Apple with Brie and Preschiutto with Fig again 'cuz they are awesome, then we switched it up and got the Salmon with Pesto and the Roasted Red Pepper with Goat Cheese, yummy! You will never go wrong with Postino's no matter what you order or which one you go to. Great specials and friendly staff!
5	I almost wrecked my car when I saw the sign that a Postino's was opening up on Central.  Having gone to Arcadia many, many times I was thrilled to have one so close.  I have been to the Central location a zillion times and have to say that I have only had bad service once.   The Proscuitto, Fig and Mascarpone Bruschetta has been my favorite since day one and I could make a meal out of just that.
5	I feel as though anything I say about Postino will just sound like regurgitated compliments that a lot of other people have tossed out there...but I'm gonna say them anyway!Love the place. The wine selection is fantastic, the servers are friendly, and the bartenders are laid-back but still get the job done quite nicely. I never feel out of place if I've had a rough day and just want a glass of wine or a mixed greens salad and sit solo at the bar. You can't really go wrong ordering the bruschetta. it's definitely my favorite menu item; particularly the brie/fig/apple and the smoked salmon. Still have yet to try a lot of the other items because I'm pretty boring and stick to the same things when I'm there usually but being that Postino's maybe 3 minutes from my house, I don't think working that in will be a problem.If you haven't been, GO! I'm pretty positive you won't be disappointed.
4	Same great food! Same great service! Same great wine! Same great wine specials...wait scratch that last part! I have come to love Wednesdays at Postino for their fabulous $5 per glass special if you say the "word of the day". Or write it on your business card as their facebook page says to do. $5 per glass of any wine or pitcher of beer all night long. Well, Wednesdays are whack now! They've discontinued their Wednesday special for no other reason than, "we just stopped doing it" I was told. Whaaaaa Wednesdays are now what I'm calling them. I still love you Postino, but will have to plan my visits a little differently. My wallet doesn't flow over like wine like I wish it did.
4	Came here back in January for late night dinner and wine with friends. We were seated on the patio next to a heater and it was perfect. We all ended up ordering food and several glasses of wine, which ended up being a damn hefty bill. Note to self: BOTTLES are better! The food is great and so is the wine, atmosphere and service. I hate the complimentary valet, though it seems all of these places have it nowadays. Also, I am totally LOVING the new indoor/outdoor bars that restauranteurs are incorporating into their establishments. Finally, something that makes sense for Phoenix!Am looking forward to coming back during the cooler months and enjoying more late night patio rendezvous.
5	Great Happy Hour! Wine and bruschetta is the bomb. A great atmosphere and service. We always end up staying hours longer then expected.
5	Seriously one of the best spots for wine and wine foods. Been here at least a handful of times since they opened earlier this year and i've had everything from brunch to apps to lunch, dinner and dessert. The staff all knows their stuff when it comes to the wines, so they can always find you something you'll love (had the Grayson Cab recently, 2 thumbs up!).  The bruschetta is fool-proof. My faves are the Roasted Red Pepper w/goat cheese and the Tomato Jam w/sheep's milk cheese. The Warm Artichoke and the Brie w/Apples are a very close second. Go a bunch of times and try them all. You won't be disappointed. If you do the Mon-Tues board & bottle, its like getting the board for free! Why not!?  Paninis and salads are good.  I've had the B.E.L.T. from the brunch menu and sampled the bf's Ciabatta French Toast... both delish! On most recent visit tried the Mozz & Tomatoes Jr and i might be hooked. I had to create my own at home!  The Salted Caramel Sundae is by far their best dessert. Vanilla ice cream w/ choc-covered corn nuts and a pretzel rod, served with a big shot of salted caramel to pour over as you eat it... Soooo goood!!!Join their club online to get a free bruschetta board too!
5	This place is classic goodness! Everything tastes rich and fresh! Has a new modern feel with a twist of luxury and artistic flare. The food presentation is gorgeous and the food tastes even better then it looks! In a wonderful area of town and is built in the old post office. An inventive and one of a kind idea has really set apart this delicious place from any other restaurant in the valley!
5	Bruschetta are large and well-priced. Great place for a date or just to sip wine and pick at food with friends. The decor makes the locale seem classy.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite Phoenix stops.  The wine list is fantastic and changes regularly (not sure how often, I just know there was a shakeup since we started going there).  The wait staff is knowledgeable and well versed in the wines they serve.  They have given us spot-on recommendations about MANY different types of wines and have always been honest and true.  My wife is not a huge wine fan, but told them the couple types she's tried and enjoyed - and they have recommended a few that she has really loved.  They do not steer you in the wrong direction.  I love just going and asking for a new recommendation based on a couple things, and I find something new and tasty nearly every time!Best value is to get there before 5pm.  All glasses of wine are $5 until 5pm.  A very easy and inexpensive way to try some new wines to see if you like them.  The food is quite tasty as well.  It seems like small bites, but it usually quite plenty for our group.  There are usually 3 or 4 of us at most, and we ALWAYS get the bruschetta.  It is fantastic.  Different flavors come with each one, which is great for the variety.  The smoked salmon is so smooth and tasty (and I don't love salmon, so I was surprised how much I enjoyed it).  The pesto is fantastic - whatever they offer with pesto, get it.  Think my favorite flavor of bruschetta is the tomato jam and cream cheese.  It seems odd but is great.  The sandwich/paninis are great as well.  The turkey pesto is great and the chicken with sun dried tomato sauce is AMAZING.  We have a hard time trying new things just because we like these so much.Service has always been attentive and helpful without being overbearing.  Water is refilled often and everyone has been exceptionally pleasant.
4	Same great food, wine and service and the original but it is missing that je ne c'est quoi.
4	We had one of the bottles of Malbec, the staff was friendly, the atmosphere was open, the music was very hip lounge.  Parking is a bit sparse, but I was lucky enough to nab an off street spot.  I will stop by next time for something from the menu.  The Malbec was wonderful.
5	I love everything about this place. Ive never had a problem here and love being surrounded by such a diverse crowd. I especially love the multi-use bar with indoor and outdoor seating. KEEP IT UP POSTINOS!
5	This place is the best.  First of all, nobody beats that $20 bruschetta and wine deal on Mondays and Tuesdays.  The bruschetta is delicious, there's a ton of it, and the wine doesn't come from a "bargain menu".  This deal makes the day-specific special offers of other restaurants look stingy and pitiful. Everything I've had there is delicious and the service is always great.  My only complaints are the casualties of visiting an awesome place: the wait for seating, and for the bathroom.  I'm not used to waiting 45 minutes to get in to a place, but I'll do it for Postino.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I went there on Saturday with my boyfriend and two other friends of ours for lunch. We arrived around 12:30 and the place was already busy and had a 20-30 minute wait. We decided to sit at the bar and grab a drink while we waited for our table. I couldn't believe their pitchers of beer were only $5 and they had my favorite, Hoegaarden. When our table was ready the server came over promptly and grabbed us two more pitchers of beer. We started out with the bruschetta however we let the server choose what bruschetta we would be eating that day. If you know me then you know that I'm a snobby/picky eater but I was blown away with the Roasted Peppers and Goat Cheese bruschetta. I would have never tried goat cheese but I'm glad that I did. It was so creamy and flavorful. Also on the plate were: Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Albacore Tuna with Gaeta Olives, Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. We gulped down the last of our pitcher, ordered around round and had another round of their delicious bruschetta. This time the server brought us: Smoked Salmon with Pesto, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese (I'm begging you to try this one), Salami with Pesto and Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios. They were all so mouth watering that I highly recommend all of them. At the end of our lunch the server brought over a complimentary desert for us, a salted caramel sundae: vanilla bean ice cream with chocolate covered corn nut's, a pretzel stick and salted caramel. By far the best dessert I've ever had in my life. Postino's left such an impression on my boyfriend and I that we ordered takeout the next evening. We both decided on the Turkey Panini with a side of salad and the organic chips. They make their own lemon honey dijon salad dressing which tastes great on everything. I will definitely be a repeat customer at Postino's and I am demanding you to try it out this week/weekend. I promise you will not be disappointed.
4	The original Postino has only gotten better since they separated from LGO, and this new one is the best yet (I'm biased...it's closer to my house and I don't have to valet or fight with the LGO bunnies over parking). I love the indoor/outdoor bar and the feel of the inside. I love the food. The menu looks like it has been updated/revamped a little since the split and everything I ordered was cooked and seasoned perfectly. They have this breakfast dish that is a piece of grilled french bread with an egg and grilled asparagus and a little tomato salad...to die for. I love the cheap wine during the day (even on weekends!). The sparkling Sauvignon Blanc is worth a stretch outside your comfort zone. In general I just really like this place. In fact, I like it enough to forgive the sometimes spotty service...which is the only thing keeping me from a 5 star review.
5	Woohoo! This is as good as it gets! I actually prefer this location to the original. They have a great covered patio. We love to introduce people to this place. Everything here is delicious. Yes, everything. You can't go wrong with their bruschetta, but their salads and paninis are delicious as well. I love to order a half salad (raspberry chicken) and half sandwich (nine iron). They always have a great wine selection. And you know I'm going to get my wine on whenever I am here. You absolutely must get the salted caramel sundae for dessert. DO IT. Who new chocolate covered corn nuts could be so good?
4	Parking was actually a breeze and then Great wine!Great, no, superb service!Delicious bruschetta!Searching for excuses to be a regular customer, ah screw it, I don't need an excuse!
4	We went to Postino for Brunch. I had been there before to purchase wine. Brent, their wine guy is very knowledgeable and can always give you a good tip. I am not a fan of Valet. I would pay to be able to park it myself. Postino (both locations) has the smallest parking lot and it is all Valet. This did not start us in a good mood as we drove around the neighborhood looking for parking.We got there just as Brunch was winding down. I had my eye on the French Toast, so we went ahead and placed an order. We both had French Toast and Bacon and Bellini's. The food was very good, but over priced when you add it all up. The place was crowded and we had to sit at the bar and the service was not the best.I really hate to sound like I don't like this Postino, because the food is certainly good and it is a nice building. Some of the staff is much better than others and I think Brunch is just chaos here as small as it is anyway. I do recommend going here but just take the negatives into account and you should have a good time.
5	Happy hour at Postino rocks! And, while it's a wine bar and I DO love my wine, I dream about the pub board. I mean, where else can you find corn nuts on a restaurant menu? And the wedges of prickly, little round pickles are so tart and delicious! $5 mini pitcher of Hoegaarden washes it down perfectly.
4	A--a-amazing! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Hip, fun place for a date. Great service.Parking is a bitch. Have cash for valet.
3	Made reservations here for a 8-10 person Girls Night Out. Normally we go to the Arcadia location, but thought we'd try the Central location for a change.The food & wine is the same at both places-EXCELLANT!!The service at the Central location was pathetic! The young female waitress was not very knowledgeable about the wines and acted like she didnt feel like discussing or offering anything other than the wine special. (bad attitude).She was very annoying and persistant about getting our drink order as soon as we sat down and before we could even look at the menu or discuss. We had asked to wait to order until our last guest arrived at the table, but she requested our drink orders 3 times in about 8 minutes, so we finally just ordered a quick glass. She was also pretty good at interrupting the tables conversation throughout the night.I ordered the olives for an appetizer and by the time my meal came, I still had not received my olives. I mentioned to our server that I had not received my olives, but that it was ok and to just 'skip them'. She looked at me and said,  "I brought them!! They are right here!!" as she reached down to the OPPOSITE end of the long table from where I was sitting and gave me a half empty bowl of olives that the other ladies had already eaten. (Not the ladies fault, as they thought they were set on the table for everyone like a bread basket.)  I was appalled, especially since the half eaten olives did not come with an apology, they only came with a price tag. (Thats right, she didnt even take it off the bill for me!)Note to self: The Arcadia location and male wait staff are always on the ball!
5	We stopped by here after a recent Diamondbacks game and couldn't have enjoyed it more. I wondered if they would be able to replicate the great atmosphere and tasty food from the original on Campbell but I shouldn't have worried. New and delicious wines, perfect bruschetta and really down to earth and friendly service means I will be back here for sure with friends.Tops my list of favorite places to hang in PHX.
5	This place was recommended to us by a colleague of my wifes and we really enjoyed it. Great setting, great service, and very fun.
4	They only serve sangria on Sundays at the Arcadia Postino.  *SAD FACE*  It would be nice to have a sangria at either location on Sunday (or any other day at that).I still love Postino's!!  (who doesn't though?)
5	Awesome atmosphere and great paninis. Price was reasonable too!
5	Monday & Tuesday for $20 a bottle of wine & a board of bruschetta!  What more can I say -- but don't you cry for me Ari...zo...na!!!  I'll take advantage of this special as much as I can :)  Yeah I love this place.  It's definitely a lot better than the one in Arcadia.  It's more open plus there's generally more parking space.  The service here is real good and always entertaining.  Ambience is smooth and low key.  I dig....however is there live music here or am I attending during the wrong nights? hmmm - enjoy!
4	I've had Postino bookmarked on Yelp for awhile now, but finally decided to give it a whirl -- or maybe swirl is more apropos -- about a month ago. It was the perfect location for a nice dinner with my mom on a Monday night. Apparently, this place is hoping most nights because when we got there it was packed with only valet parking. Now, I'm not opposed to valet parking, but I'm just not comfortable with it. I'm a native of Phoenix strip malls and massive parking structures. It takes some getting used to when I head downtown to tiny parking lots and have to give over my keys to some stranger (okay, that is more the control freak in me). Anyway, after succumbing to the valet parking necessity, we made our way into a cozy and inviting atmosphere.  We were quickly seated, even though it seemed rather busy (we must have come at the perfect time because after we were seated the place started getting really busy). I had a fantastic view of their wine offerings -- in fact, I was sitting right next to them.  Unfortunately, I didn't partake of anything since I was the designated driver, but I did stare longingly at the rows of beautiful bottles. I did, however, have a delicious meal. I order the Prosciutto with Brie Panini and the Mediterranean Salad, and I savored every morsel. It was truly fantastic, and I can only imagine how much better it would be with a glass of wine!  This experience has certainly made me begin the countdown until my next visit. And, I'll look forward to sitting on their patio area when the temps cool down.
1	Normally good service however the server we had today 09/19/10 sucked she waited on us like she did us a favor blonde with a blue hat or bandana on her head not sure her name. But she totally was indifferent was not on top of coffee refills no smile to greet us just are you ready to order!! You know what service like that doesn't deserve a second chance. However there is another blonde older woman who is always very nice and fun to be waited on by her. She was northers today and we got seated in this servers section near the restrooms and i can see why that's her section.  Another thing who is cooking the eggs over easy here? Because they can learn a thing or two from hula's down the street who can make an egg over easy. But because my wife likes this place sometimes we came here. The eggs were over cooked and brought on two separate plates.  Why they couldn't put two eggs on one plate is for the owner to figure out. I didn't complain because I would rather share my experiance here with all of you.  Postinos normally good service food is ok but that blonde server on Sunday placed a sour note on breakfast.  Next time, oh wait there won't be a next time with her.
4	My BF and I stumbled upon Postino on the internet one date night, and boy I am so glad we did!! This place has everything...good eats, good wine and excellent customer service!! I was impressed  the moment we stepped in!  The funky decor, diverse crowd and the nice mix of tunes will put you in a mood to vibe.Our first experience was on a Friday nite, and even though it was packed, we were able to get a seat without a lot of waiting. The Moscato was the best I have ever tasted. I make it my business to visit when I can to pick up a bottle to share with my BF. I cant wait to check out the live reggae on Sunday!  I will keep you Yelpers posted....
5	Came for brunch today at Postinos and it sure didn't disappoint! Had the B.E.L.T. which is Bacon Egg Lettuce and Tomato on ciabatta with dijonaisse and it was amazing. And they had no problem making it with egg whites just like I love it. My husband had the egg and bacon which he said was perfectly done. My son had it with regular eggs and they were made perfectly. One companion had the salmon and eggs and loved it. Another had the scones with an egg and bacon. The scones were light and just right--not dry like some scones can be. And the devonshire sauce was incredible. Our dishes all came with a lovely fruit bowl. I had the Mimosa which was lovely and at $5--a bargain. I totally love Postinos for lunch and now it's my new favorite for an affordable and DELISH brunch! Not one of our meals was over $10! So worth the price of admission!
5	5 stars hell ya this place rocks went for the first time for sunday morning breakfast w inlaws everybodys breakfast  was fantastic great service great setting
4	With the closure of My Florist restaurant, there is little doubt that Postino will be all the more difficult to get into.  Great casual atmosphere.  Good food done simply and affordably.  Nice wine selection.  Outdoor patio dining area is great.  Parking can be a pain, but with Valet on site it's not too bad depending on when you go.  If you're going for brunch, be patient!  I'll make this a regular stop on my culinary roadway.
4	Yeah, yeah they got wine. I'm all over the bruschetta!  We were just short of finishing everything they offered because of time. I still don't know which one I prefer.They seriously need to open one out here in the bay area. It would kill.
4	We had the Bruschetta with the following 4 selections: warm artichoke spread (all around favorite) brie & apples with fig spread (so sweet & delicious) roasted peppers with goat cheese (hearty) ricotta with dates & pistachios (very mild taste) Great atmosphere! I especially enjoyed sitting outside :) It was nice & cool & they have the outdoor heaters to make you all toasty. Very nice! The complimentary valet is mandatory due to the fact they are in a residential area & there's no parking on the street. Due to the fact that my tom-tom lied to me, I was lost, disoriented & it was dark by the time I got there; I didn't even see the signs, just a full parking lot,,,,,,, 3 hours, a full belly & a parking ticket later, I was on my way home, lol
4	I went with a coworker for dinner. Much has already been said about this place by other reviewers so I won't comment much.Driving into the place, you have to valet parking due to the limited space, which is not a big deal for me but I would rather park myself.  My car can be a mess some times.The wine was the bright spot at this place as well as the outdoor bar setting and the inside decor.  We ordered bruchetta, salad and a panini. The salad was flavorful, panini plentiful and bruchetta delightful. The only downside I found about the bruchetta was that our selections was oily and I'm not an expert on bruchetta to know if it is designed this way.  I'm more incline to eat crisp food that doesn't make a mess and would try another menu item. But I guess that was what the wine is for.We went on a worknight and there was a mix crowd of mostly adults and workers. A good way to end the work day...
4	Amazing mozzarella and tomatoes, what a rare treat for my pallet. The atmosphere was friendly and casual. The wait for a table was nearly an hour on Friday night, but the setting makes the wait quite bearable. Other reviews mention the parking situation. Valet is available, and additionally there are a few legal spaces available on the street... that's where I parked. Great find!
4	The bread boards I have had (three, count them, three) have been killer killer bueno dinner! Great environment, friendly staff. Wish dogs were allowed!
5	Never had a bad meal or wine there.  One of the best places in Phoenix.
5	By far, our favorite gem of a restaurant in central Phoenix!  My wife and I are able to share the BELT sandwich.  Portion sizes are more than generous here. Great menu, fun environment and fun servers who clearly are there because they want to be.  Compare to some restaurants where it feels like the service is being performed by slaves.  : )Postinos, YOU ROCK!  Keep it up!!
5	I have had a love affair with Postino now for over a year.  He never does me wrong.  Unlike some other guys I have dated.Anyway, the best time to come is on Monday or Tuesday at about 7:40.  This way you will get seated at around 8 when magical o' clock happens.  this when you can pay $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine.  Seriously, the deal is so great you will find yourself getting three of these pairings and Postino will gain all there money back.  But nevermind that.  Let's dwell on the bruschetta.  My favorite is the prosciutto.  The tomato jam, mozzarella with tomato basil, and brie and apples are always quite stellar.  They also have this new burrata with bacon that should make a welcome addition to my usual board rotation.  Can't go wrong with the wines, but ask your server for a recommendation as the men in plaid (yes, all the men wear plaid) are usually never wrong.If you are so lucky as to come on a day when they are serving corn chowder, then you must high five your future self by ordering a bowl.Oh, yea.  The patio is amazing with the fireplace and their giant bar  is both inside and outside and the inside has all the couches and intimate lighting and wine racks.  The only downsides are the necessary valet and the ugly Circle K across the street.
5	This location is far preferable to the 'original'. Way better feel and flow of the building. Gotta love the panini and salad split :)
4	4.5 stars.  I love this place mainly for their $5/glass wine list.  There are so many to choose from and I really wanted to stay there and sample them all.  Opted for the Zin and Syrah from that list, but wasn't too happy with the Zin -- it fell a little flat. The Syrah was a bit bolder and more structured.  They also have my La Spinetta Moscato d'Asti!  I love their bruschettas, salads and desserts. They have a few locations which makes it very convenient to cure my wine fix.
4	The only, and may I repeat, only reason I give this 4 stars, is due to the horrible parking (albeit valet), but horrible parking...  Everything else is fantastic!
5	OK, it's time to admit it, this is one of my top 10 favorite places in Phoenix and it's a crime I have waited this long to give it the full 5 stars it deserves. Great staff, great atmosphere, and $5 pitchers and glasses of wine on Sat and Sun afternoons...just imagine how all of this can improve your love life, social life, married life, life life...are you imagining? I don't think you are... Fine, don't imagine, get on your cruiser, keds, vespa, pinto and get over to Postino for the best bruschetta in town, top 10 wine selection, rotating beers, and top 5 patio.
4	Service was really friendly and because of the long wait and giving up our table, they bought us our first round. That was lovely of them.The wine was pretty decent. The Bellini is quite bad but I'm used to the blended ones. The bruschetta was really good, the buratta one being my favourite. The chicken salad was delicious. Probably the freshest and interesting mix of flavours I've tasted.Great atmosphere, great service, pretty good bruschetta and great chicken salad. Overall, great, and I'd go back when in the area.
5	There are plenty of reviews here about their food, yes it is as good as everyone says, but I wanted to talk about their customer service, since I am big fan of customer service. Every person working their takes accountability for all tables. We had premiere service from any waiter that saw if we needed water or anything at all. I think 3 different waiters / bussers were concerned about us, and we never had to call anyone to the table because they were on it!All this when the place was packed, as it usually is. Their outdoor / indoor seating almost feels like European cafe.They are creative in the way they do business and all restaurateursshould show up with a pencil and paper and take notes. This is how it's done folks !
4	I have been to the Arcadia location quite a few times and this is what I liked better & worse about this location.Better:There is definitely more parking at this location.This location is bigger, so they have more seating available.Worse:I think the ambiance of the Arcadia location is better.The service & quality of food at both locations is consistant I would say. See my review on the food & service on the review section of the other Postino!
4	This place is great!  I went to Postino on a Tuesday night with a friend and it was pretty busy.  We were seated right away and the service was great from start to finish.  We only ordered bruschetta and wine.  The bruschetta was amazing and the wine was definitely drinkable.  We ate inside, but the patio did look very cozy...next time!
5	I visit Postino almost every time I visit Phoenix! I love this place!! Their food is very reasonably priced and yummy too! My recent visit to Postino was for lunch with my sisters and mom over the Thanksgiving holiday. I had the bruschetta for the first time after much praise about it from my sister. My favorite prosciutto and fig...yumm-o! I also had the chicken chili which was also very good. It was the first time I ate inside, which was great. I love the outdoor seating as well. The service is speedy and very friendly, definitely a Phoenix favorite of mine!
5	as i stated in my last review this place is fantastic from the valet parking to the host to the wait staff and the food that come s ou tof the kitchen oh and the ambience you will not be disapointed
5	This is the one late night place you can count on; ask for the comfy corner table...what a great assortment of bruschetta, from Proscuitto/figs to Tomato/mozzarella.  Add a $20 bottle of MountainView Chard and you'll just want to keep coming back.  The outdoor fireplace gathers a quick crowd, though, so get in early or late :)
4	Fun environment. Pleasant service. Food is great. Some of the bruschetta combinations stretch toward being pretentious.  Overall a great find for the weary traveler.
4	A new take on a traditional Italian appetizer "bruschetta" gets a new life at this fresh wine bar. They also have an excellent selection of Italian wine to go with the fun and different bruschetta I ordered!
5	One more five-star review for Postino Central. I have been to the original Postino and, of course, love it for its cute setting, interesting selection of beers and wines, and great prices!The only real difference between the Central and Arcadia locations is the same as the difference between Central and Arcadia....both are yuppie, but Central slightly less so. Also, of course, Central has a slightly more 'urban' vibe. Bottom line, if you are a yelper, you will probably like both Postinos, but you will LOVE Postino Central!
5	Really........FOUR stars on the previous review Kristi....realllllllllyyyy?The food and drink, as always, is on point. Occasionally, they make small changes to the bruschetta menu which I enjoy because hey, who doesn't like to try something new when you're pretty confident it's going to be AMAZING! Helloooo Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes!!There is some kind of crazy love vortex (minus the twisted trees) surrounding this Postino location. Seriously, everyone else disappears. Don't plan a date here unless you are prepared to eventually propose or accept said proposal. Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	I have to say that I was expecting more since their other location is one of my favorite spots.  I am a frequent lounger at the Postino on Campbell and I figured this location would be just as great when I decided to meet a group of  girlfriends here for drinks a few weeks ago.  We sat down at a lovely little couch/chair area and waited for our server.  We waited...and waited...and waited some more.  It took forever for them to realize we were sitting there, greet us and take our drink order.  Once I got my wine and was a little more pacified we decided to tackle the topic of what bruschetta would we be ordering this visit.  Well, we had plenty of time to decide and debate because we waited forever for our server to come back.  I would understand this much better if they were busy, but they weren't.  I am a big fan of Postino, so I will chalk this up to a fluke.  But, next time I hope that I don't have to wait an eternity for my glass of wine and wonderfully delicious bruschetta...it's rather cruel to leave me hanging when I know what awaits my taste buds.
4	So, I experienced the patio!   I had great service as always!  It was everything I had hoped it would be warm, inviting and in general awesome...too bad I can not say the same for my date LOL!  Maybe you will have better luck with your company, but the patio is very plesant and you can not beat the $20 special on wine and brushetta on Mondays and Tuesdays!  If you go on one of those days, I suggest going after nine when the crowds/parking are not so ridiculous.
5	I love Postino Winecafe!  Although the central location is closest to me, I do love the atmosphere and outdoor seating that the 40th st/Campbell location offers.If you are looking for GREAT wine, AMAZING bruschetta, and a relaxing evening out, Postino is the place!
5	What can I say? Best bruschetta I have ever had. Pair that with a great bottle of wine and I am a happy camper. I usually get the bruschetta board, which has about 12 choices to choose from. I get the artichoke, the smoked salmon with pesto, salami with pesto, and the ricotta with dates and pistachios. Awsome ambiance, phenomenal service, great pricing. I love this place.
4	Great girls night out place.  Wine selection was extensive and we DEVOURED the Bruschetta!  Try to get there for the Happy Hour prices or you will be paying a minimum of $9 per glass of wine.  One of my new fave places :)
4	Food: Ordered a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. Their "Board & Bottle for $20" deal on Monday and Tuesday nights (8pm-close) is a great deal and perfect for a simple  and inexpensive date night. The board of bruschetta comes with your choice of 4 different combinations for you to pick from. We had the brie & apples with fig spread. This is a simple and common combination, matching brie with a light fruit. Almost a "dessert" because of how sweet and light it is. The warm artichoke spread was simple, and was essentially and artichoke dip spread on a piece of bread. It was still good though, and nice and warm. The ricotta with dates and pistachios is my personal favorite. It's a great flavor combination and something I order every time I go. We also ordered the red pepper and goat cheese bruschetta. Goat cheese goes well with so many vegetables, and this was no exception. To go with our board of bruschetta we ordered a bottle of the Chasing Lions, which is a cab-merlot blend. It was smooth and a very dynamic wine. I enjoyed it. Definitely a wine I would look for at Total Wine or BevMo! to have on hand at the house.Service: The service was pretty good. We arrived at about 7:45 for their 8:00pm special. We were able to sit down immediately and our waitress brought us water and a small plate of olives. We told her we knew we were early for the special, and at a little after 7:50 she told us it was "close enough" and we could order for the special. Simple gestures like that are really great and help make a restaurant's staff shine. The seats that we were in were right under a speaker (the music was sort of loud) and it was hard to talk. We asked if we could move to the bar and she gladly moved us a few feet away to where we wanted. Sitting at the bar, we noticed that they had wine on tap. They are the first place in Arizona to do this, and I have seen it become a trend in San Francisco. The bartender gladly poured us a sample of the wine. It was nice to see them willing to share and give a sample of a new product to entice their customers. It was pretty good, too!Ambiance: The ambiance as far as architecture and structure is very similar to the original Postino in Arcadia, along with La Grande Orange and Liberty Market. There are exposed trusses, and brick walls that add some flair and history to the building. I love that the space occupies an old bank and they utilize some of the existing structure for their design. I'm not necessarily a huge fan of the noise level. I understand that it is a wineBAR but the music was abnormally loud, and didn't need to be with the amount of people and conversation going on in the building. Definitely a hip and trendy place for young 20 somethings to be, and spotted plenty of people that were easily in their 50's.
4	This place is the "happening" spot in their downtown location.  I will let you into a secret why.... $20 Bottle of Wine and bruschetta Monday and Tuesday, Starts at 8PM.  Expect waits if you want to save extra bucks.  The place is really nice, great ambience and the food is very good.  I recommend if you want to take advantage of the special that you come on Mondays, for some reason Tuesdays are busier... One big annoyance is the valet parking, they enforce it here but it is free. If you can ride your cruiser here, do it they have several posts.
4	Super awesome service,  cool management,  great wine and bruschetta.  Only lacking 5 stars because the olives were so-so and the music was so loud it ruined the relaxing vibe.  Nice place to hang with friends!
5	this place is my new jam! i can't get enough! we sat on the charming patio near the fire place and the patio warmers. it was so cozy cute back there! it felt like i was somewhere else, like a vacation. we did the bottle of the moscato d'asti. my friend wanted a pinot but i was so excited when I saw that they had my fav moscato that she let me order that for us.  what a great friend i have! for the bruschetta we tried these (rated orgasmic to just tasty):1. prosciutto, fig, and mascarpone- so good i bought the ingredients and made it for myself the next day. 2. tomato jam and sheeps milk cheese- the cheese was nice and salty and the jam was sweet. perfect harmony. 3. salami with pesto- this was good, i might not order it again but i might. i wasn't the biggest fan of the salami they used but it was good. 4. white bean with chopped tomato- this one was good but tasted like traditional bruschetta and we were looking for the funky. so probably won't order this one again unless i'm in the mood for traditional bruschetta. we also ordered the autostrada panini to split but our eyes were bigger than our stomachs. we wound up taking that home. it was quite tasty.the only issue we had was when the bill came. they charged everything a la carte and forgot to apply the tuesday special ($20 bottle of wine and board of bruschetta)  but they more than made up for it. they felt so bad, fixed it right away and comped our sandwich. love this place.
4	Yummy bruschetta boards and wine!  This is such a great place to get together with girlfriends or to have a nice evening with the husband.  Awesome wine and beer list (they have sauvignon blanc on tap!).  The cheese plates and bruschetta boards are delish!  I haven't tried their sandwiches or salads but they look good and the descriptions sound tasty.  Bread, cheese, and wine, what else do I need in life?!  I recommend!
3	Super busy, don't even try to go during lunch and during tuesday night where there is a bruschetta board and bottle of wine offered for $20.00 bucks.  Still a good date place and a good ladies who lunch type of place.  I love the architecture but the people watching is not nearly as good as the original spot in Arcadia.  it lacks the magical first dates and patio lined with mature trees.  this one feels a little more corporate, a little like a place in L.A. which tries to be quaint but is actually owned by a pharacuetial company looking to diversify their portfolio.  the food is still spectacular, amazing things they can do with bread.  Avoid dessert or the coffee.  the dessert is unimaginative and the coffee is horrible, it takes acidic and cold.
5	Holy Crap they've done a lot with this place! Having grown up in this neighborhood, I remember this building being Katz deli. Man it is so different from the yellow brick deli in my memory.Of course we ordered the bruschetta: fig, mascarpone, and prosciutto- so good! I love sweetish/savory combos and the rich, creamy mascarpone was the perfect compliment.Warm artichoke- goodsalami and pesto- really good, simple. I really like their pestotomato, basil, mozzarella- really nice, classic. The sea salt very complimentary, gives a pop of flavorI ordered the autostata panini on focaccia. Oh how I love Italian deli meats. So good. Huge portion. I took half home and it was still so good for lunch the next day. I tied my friend's nine iron and it was also really good. All in all very good!
5	Bruschetta=love. I can never remember which ones I had last time, but I always end up with a delicious board. I'm not a big wine guy, so the decent beer list makes me happy!
2	My wife made fun of me because I like to think I'm a hipster, but just couldn't get into the Postino Central experience.If you want some creative bruschetta concoctions, this might be for you. i just didn't really like it - and it's very much a tapas style place, so be ready for that.It was just a little pricey for the food/drinks and not a place I'd probably go back to.
5	This is probably one of my favorite restaurants that I've ever been to- not exclusive to just Phoenix. Who can say no  to carbs and alcohol????  They have a very extensive wine list and their cocktails are delicious as well. Some of their cocktails take a bit of time, but that's because everything is freshly squeezed. I've tried some of their sandwiches here and they definitely don't hold a candle to their bruschetta and other appetizers. Try "the plate" from Postinos- a blend of peppers, salami, asparagus, olives, etc.The staff here is super friendly, helpful, non pretentious, and good looking! You get a bit of a hipster vibe here. Mondays are a great night to go here after 8 for their special : 20 dollars for their bruschetta and a bottle of wine! I miss living down the street from this place.
4	I heart Postinos! Yes, the bruschetta is A-mazing! In particular, the brie & apples with fig spread and ricotta with dates & pistachios. The wine is delicious too. I really like this location better than the Arcadia one too. The staff is friendlier and the people are much more chill and not pretentious. Love the mood lighting too! It's great for both a night out with girlfriends and date night with your honey. Have yet to check out the Monday/Tuesday $20 deal, hope to do that in the near future because I will be back for sure!
4	Love Love Loved their wines! My veggie sandwich on focaccia was delicious! The side salad made me wish I had ordered the chips instead. Definitely going back.
4	After several years of a hiatus to Yelp, this is my first review.  About a month and a half ago, looking for a new place, I suggested going to Postino Central.  While Id been there before, my boyfriend had not.  It had been about two years since I'd been to Postino Central and it wasn't because of any negative experience that I didn't return.  We headed up and parked our car in the packed parking lot and then noticed that there were two awesome bike racks that we'd have to use if we chose to come back.  It was just after brunch... about 1:15 or so (they serve until 1:00pm... last call brunch is at 12:45.)  We got a spot at the bar outside.  It was an uncharacteristic warm Saturday... so you know how it is in Phoenix at times like this... simply beautiful.  We got a pitcher of beer for FIVE BUCKS!  Good beer at that.  What a steal!  We both also got a nice sandwich.  I tried something that's very uncharacteristic for me... the Prosciutto with Brie and my boyfriend got the Autostrada.  The one thing I didn't like was how crunchy my focaccia was at first... but then noticed how easily it was to bite in after I tried it. (I'd just had a root canal a few days prior and was being careful.)  I loved the sweetness of the fig jam and the softness of the brie... I'm not a huge fan of arugula, but this wasn't bad at all, it worked.  I tasted the Autostrada which was filled with all kindsa MEAT.  I love a sandwich with meat... and this one, it had a good amount of yummy Italian meats.  I'd gotten fries with this that were pretty tasty too.  I ended up leaving half of my sandwich which would go to the mouth of my boyfriend for lunch the very next day.So... we've returned two more times since.  Once to bring a few friends who'd just helped us move into our new place (better than pizza and beer).  We came up by light rail this time, but again missed the brunch, which is one of my favorites.  But did see the Mayor and his kids enjoying the beautiful day.  The next time we went up, it was just the two of us and we rode up on bike.  WE JUST MADE BRUNCH!  Outside bar, last call brunch, two pitchers of delicious $5 beer and music on a very packed patio.  I had the grilled focaccia and he had the scramble.  BOTH were delicious, but honestly I loved the flavor of my herbed butter.  The butter did it for me.So yup, we'll be back.  I know this place gets over-reviewed, but hey, what's another one.  If I could give it 4.5 stars I would.  I don't like waiting to get into places or to get a seat.
5	Bruschetta is amazing here! I have tried almost all the different options with my girlfriends and I don't think I found one I didn't like! Their artichoke dip is also fabulous! I haven't tried anything else really because I am so hooked on the bruschettaGlasses of wine and pitchers of beer at $5 before 5!
5	This is my absolute favorite, go to place. Great prices, amazing food, friendly staff.  This place has it all, AND they are accommodating to kids without being a "kid place".  If you go you have to get the Bruschetta.  It's from heaven!
5	Did a Tuesday night special, bottle of house wine and bruschetta.  Amazing!  The bruschetta was fantastic!  So good we ordered another round!  I had every kind without meat, and being a foodie, some of the best I've ever had!  The pairing of such unique ingredients will bring me back again.  If you don't finish your bottle of wine, just re-cork and take with you!  Awesomeness at the beginning of the week.  Perfection.It was packed when we arrived at 9pm, be prepared to wait.  The only downfall is parking.  If you do not valet, it's a bit of a walk, no biggie in the winter, but DO NOT park on the street.  The cops will ticket and/or tow.  Boooo.
5	There is nothing to say that hasn't been said. If you like good wine, food and service check out Postino. I would recommend the Bruschetta and the Roasted Beet Salad.
5	Oh my gosh, this place is amazing! Like they say, come on Mondays or Tuesdays for the bruschetta and bottle of wine for $20. The brie and apple is your dessert one..the proscuitto is AMAzing!!The special starts at 8 and it gets packed early so show up around 715....you can begin to enjoy your bottle of wine then also....yummy
5	Let me just add my own rave about Postino's. There isn't anything I can add that hasn't already been said about the wonderfulness that is the bruchetta. I come for the bruchetta and $5 wine on Saturdays and just love, love it. I am always looking forward to the next time I can get up this way. And now that I hear they are opening one in Gilbert later this year, life is going to get just a little bit better.
5	I've been here twice. I'll be upfront and tell you that my review might be "tainted" because both times I ate at Postino's I was able to order anything I wanted and I did not have to pay for it. Each time, I ordered a bruschetta board for myself. So yes, you might find me gluttonous, but I don't regret it for a single moment. The bruschetta are unique with their toppings and every bite is worth savoring for minutes because each mouthful is so delicious. I prefer the savory toppings (no pears, apples or figs for me), and I love all of the different combination possibilities. I think my favorite is either the warm artichoke spread or roasted peppers with goat cheese. Or maybe it's the Tomato jam & fresh sheep's milk cheese? Smoked salmon with pesto was also tasty...and let us not forget the burrata, bacon, arugula & tomatoes...although that one is probably the messiest to eat. Not that I care. I'll get messy if it means all the food is making it to my mouth.I also ordered the Italian Picnic Salad. 1) I love golden beets. 2) I love goat cheese. 3) The salad also includes walnuts and bacon. Add these things together and we're talking about a good salad. The most recent time that I was at Postino's, I auspiciously ordered myself a bottle of wine, forgetting -for the moment- that I needed to leave two hours later. I only drank half the bottle, and started to advertise its availability to my co-workers. Thankfully, the waitress heard me, and informed me that I could just take the bottle home. And so I did.
5	What is it about a location that is so attracting? well for starters attractive clientele. great food great drinks Postinos is awesome, i love the beautiful ladies that go drink and eat there. I love the food and beer/wine selection, and the extremely attractive ladies that go there...oh did i say that already i have to say i wasn't going there on Wednesdays because they had live music there but last night i was informed that it has stoped..so with that said i do give this a four thumbs up location..(two hand thumbs and two toe thumbs up) i venture often to people watch and enjoy a good salad try their raspberry salad..
3	So I went here on Tuesday night to take advantage of the 20$ for bruschetta and a bottle of wine. I went with the BF and two friends. I was so excited to try this place as I have heard such great things about it. We got there at 8:10 and were told that there would be a 30 min wait. No big deal. So they brought us out some wine from one of our bottles (pinot grigio) and it was good. The lady who was bringing wine out to the parking lot was also very sweet. So we went through just about the entire bottle and still no table. We waited and waited.... Eventually we got tired and sat on the ground for a couple minutes before someone came and said we couldn't sit on the ground and we should sit on the couches... but they were full of other people. Lame. So finally, about an hour and a half after we got there we got a table. Really? Ridiculous. Then once we were seated no one came to take our order or bring water or anything for another 10 minutes. At this point I really hated this place. We were all really annoyed. So finally some guy came over to talk to us. We asked for the remainder of our pinot grigio (like one glass) and a bottle of riesling. Well the pinot was all warm... they hadn't kept it cool. Yuck. However, the riesling was delicious! one of the best rieslings I have ever had, and I enjoy me some riesling. We also got the two bruschetta boards to go with our bottles. The BF and I got salami and pesto, mozz tom and basil, burrata bacon and arugula, and apple brie and fig jam. Holy. Crap. I wanted to hate it. Badly. I was in such a bad mood. But it was wonderful. Damn you Postino! The brie and fig jam was so beautiful... creamy and sweet. The burrata and bacon was amazing.... and I don't like bacon. Our friends got some of the same as us and a salmon one... they really liked the salmon, but that's not my bag. So anyway, I loved it... but the service was so bad that I can't give it more than 3 stars. I guess the worst part was that they didn't try to make it right at all. They told us 30 min and it was 1.5 hours... they should have comp'd something or given us dessert or something, but no. So it makes me question if I would come back.... even though the food was so good. I mean, our friends had to get up at 5 am to go to work in the morning, so leaving dinner at 11 pm was not so great. So if you have nothing better to do.... go wait for a table here.
2	Seriously, Postino... seriously?  I came here with some friends on Tuesday and it was honestly one of the most infuriating dining experiences of my life. First of all, I understand we came on their busiest night.  Bruschetta and a bottle for $20 great deal. I was expecting a wait when I got here, and I was told 30-40 min.  I waited an hour and a half.  I would have left, but they started a bottle of wine for us which we drank while waiting.  We were figuring on the wait they quoted when we got the bottle, and had I known, I wouldn't have started the bottle.  We waited and watched as people who arrived after us were seated first. I guess our look wasn't hip enough for their Jean-claude Van dam impersonator host. After an hour we got so sick of standing in the damn parking lot that we took a seat on the blacktop, at which point jcvd came up and said we can't sit on the pavement, but we were moR than welcome to sit in the couches that already had occupants.  Maybe he checked with the people in the couches first and got their approval for us to go sit in their laps, but we weren't go ing to test it out.  We went back to standing.   When we finally got inside, it took a good 10 minutes to get our wine brought over to us, at which point it was at room temperature. The food was great as usual, but the service continued to suck throughout. After we got our check, it took a good 15 minutes for them to let us pay.  At no point was anything offered to us to apologize for the twice as along as quoted wait time other than a half assed sorry and a smirk.  "everybody is just hanging out extra long tonight" was the recurring line.   We saw people get seated, and finish before we were seated.  It was ridiculous. Somebody at that restaurant needed to learn something about restaurant management.  When you have a table sitting for two and a half hours, maybe you should say, "we need the table". In fact they actually do that.  They did it to a party I was in a few weeks ago there.  So why Was it ok to do with my party but not with the tables on Tuesday. We had no problem clearing out to make room for other patrons. Postino is a great place, usually, but this terrible service cannot be excused.  heads out of asses... Quickly please.
4	Hubby and I have gone to Postino for years...first at the Arcadia location and now Central.  We enjoy Central's patio more, so we head there.  With either location, we've always asked ourselves, "why didn't we think about opening a restaurant that just puts tasty things on bread and charge well for it?"let's face it...what Postino does is not rocket science.  Great composed salads, wonderful panini and bruschetta. but, there's no hard cooking.  What there is though is creativity, style and great service. on our last visit, we headed to Postino Central on a Wednesday night, thinking that since it was the day before St. Patrick's, no one would be out.  well, we were wrong. first, we were turned away by the valet -- "sorry, we're full."  The parking lot?  the restaurant?  Where should we go?  any tips?  so, i got on the phone and called the restaurant -- "Your valet just turned us away, are you looking for customers tonight?"  He was cordial and stated he would go chat with the valet about finding a better way to turn down folks who needed to park their cars.  hostess was very friendly and accommodating...giving us every option for seating.  but, given the spectacular night that it was, we wanted to wait for an outdoor table.  so, we ordered some beers with the very friendly waitress that happened by, and sat in the outdoor "waiting area" watching the sunset.  about 1/2 hour later, we got a prime table -- in fact the same table we eat at each time we are there. same waitress came by.  hubby ordered a second beer (i was still nursing the "shorty" (only $2.50!) I'd ordered before.  We selected the bella postino platter with white bean hummus and warm artichoke dip, as well as a bruschetta board of four luscious creations."bus boy" brought water and small dish of olives (okay, really small -- there were two of us and he brought 3 olives -- not 2, not 4, but 3 --yes, we arm-wrestled for the last one.)waitress was friendly, thorough, spunky and a perfect addition to this hip, vibrant, happening place.  admittedly, we in our 40s were either parental age of the young 20 somethings gracing the place, or children of the 60+ "second go round" set.bruschetta -- golly!  we had pesto with salami (great quality), burrata with arugula, bacon and tomato (there was no bacon and PLEASE do not refrigerate your tomatoes), prosciutto with fig and mascarpone (oh so incredibly good) and the "dessert" one -- ricotta with dates and pistachios.  after polishing off the dips and the platter of breads (there are 4 pieces to each "slice" of bruschetta, we were stuffed.  was intrigued by the salted caramel dessert, but there was just no room.  perhaps next time we skip the dip and save room.
5	I love the Postino on Campbell but for some reason this one I'd even better. The same great wine selection, delicious food and great atmosphere. I come here regularly from Gilbert and think it's worth every cent of gas mileage!
5	OMG! What do I say?  YUM, just doesn't cut it.  This is by far my favorite restaurant.  Those bruschettas and pretzel boards are to die for.  Gotta get there soon!
4	Had a great time last night with my girlfriends.  You cannot beat the Monday deal.  I had my delicious bruschettas,   love the tomato jam one.  Also the prosciutto and fig, YUM.  I am back to salads for a few days.  It was well worth it.  I still like the Arcadia location better,  Central was really loud, so it was harder to talk to everyone when you have a large table.  I still loved it  anyways.  Can't wait to be back.
4	My Wife and I love it, we are there all the time.  Great patio, great food and great staff.
4	Oh Postinos, I always have a great time when I go there.  As usual the wine and bruschetta was amazing.  I had the Merlot-Cab Franc blend which as delicious.  Thank you for always being so amazing to your patrons!
4	I miss Katz's, I'm not going to lie.  The teeny tiny greasy spoon was a salve to what ailed you on a not-so-early Sunday morning. Postino, however, has lovingly converted the old building into something truly grand.  It's a DIY's paradise of interestingly applied building materials - no those red trusses aren't structural, but they're nice to look at, aren't they?You will spend a little money here. Give them your business card, get on the mailing lists, make sure to show up for happy hour, and take advantage of nights with specials (Tuesday and Thursday seem to be popular down the Central corridor there).If you have a group of more than 2, expect to wait a little while. But do, it's worth your time for the goat cheese and roasted red pepper bruschetta and a glass of bubbly. The patio is lovely, despite being close to the parking lot. The valets are pleasant, please let them help you unless it's very late or very early in the day. People at Postino dress up a litte, there is a larger than average amount of eye candy, it speaks of affluence. So go ahead, wear your Sam Edelman keyhole peeptoes and order that big fat red wine with a hint of bologna in the flavor. You'll be glad you did.
5	This place has it ALL for a successful night out.1) Wonderful ambiance both indoors and out for a casual visit during the day or a romantic evening 2) A healthy variety of bruschetta on the menu made with the freshest ingredients3) Quick service 4) Cute waitstaff if you're into the hipster type5) Great prices, especially during happy hourAnd $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta board??  Take me to heaven!
5	I honestly have only positive things to say about Postino's since every one of my visits here has been very pleasant. From the valet who is running his ass off to the food and everything in between, this place does it all right! If you go here hungry, you should know that your options are basically a panini, a salad or some bruschetta. I've had a little bit of everything and for the value and quality you can't go wrong the the bruschetta. I recently determined my favorite to be the ricotta, dates and pistachio but a close second is the salami and pesto.Wine by the glass can be a bit steep so if you're planning to stay for a bit and can agree on a style with your company, you might be better off getting a bottle. A bottle is pretty much 3x the price of a glass so you end up getting 1 1/2 glasses extra. Bonus!Someday, I'll actually take advantage of their $20 deal for wine and bruschetta!
4	Very pleasant hip restaurant. Try as many Bruchetta options as you can; each order comes with 4 pieces (potentially 4 different toppings), and all the ones I got were delicious: Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix!! I love the $5 wine glasses during happy hour!! The bruschetta is out of this world!! The sundae with salted caramel and pretzels is probably one of the BEST things I have ever eaten!! :o)
5	Absolutely LOVE Postino! It's by far one of the best moderately priced restaurants/wine bars in Phoenix. The Tuscan Tuna sandwich is to die for and the atmosphere is great! Love the little gum cards available on all the tables too!
4	Solid 4!Yummy bruschetta and great ambiance.  Oh yeah and the service was good too.  I was greeted at the front door and mentioned that I was just looking for a spot at the bar, finally deciding on a seat on the exterior portion on the bar.  Their menu is simple but well defined.  I knew I wanted to try the brushetta board.  Thinking I would probably end up taking some home, as you can choose 4 varieties per board order.  On this visit I picked (listed in order of my favorites) the tomato jam with sheep's milk cheese, proscuitto, fig and mascarpone, the burrata with tomato, arugula and bacon, and last but not least the date, pistachio with ricotta. While all were good, the first 2 definitely  stood out.  Needless to say I finished every piece on my board. I look forward to trying their salads and sandwiches.
5	I will spare your eyeballs some work.  Same as every other review....fantastic food and vino.  The Monday-Tuesday special is a great deal.  Their bruschetta boards are simple, original and immensely satisfying.  We love the food, atmosphere and service.  It is a slam-dunk night out when we visit either Postino location.
5	I don't know what it is, but I just love this place. Service is awesome. Wine selection is good, although I always order the same one. Food is great, and no body beats their bruschetta. I love sitting inside and out, and it's always an interesting crowd. $5 glasses and pitchers is just the icing on the cake.
4	Started a Saturday Evening here, and what a cool layout, and dining space.  Outside was blended by the Bar, to the inside.  Good people watching, and you're part of the action by design.The main reason to go is the wine.  I think they do a great job of presenting unique wines by the glass.  I paired up a French Syrah. with date and pistachio bruschetta...Winner.My dining companion had a Cab, and ordered Tomato/Mozzarella/Basil bruschetta.  The tomatoes were beefsteak..which is unusual but good. Its like they were grown in someone's garden.The menu is alot deeper than I can relate, but just know that there is an artisan touch related to pairing food with the wine.  I think that pairing can make you more of wine fan.
5	Always enjoyable to visit at Postino. I love their salads, their wine selections have yet to disappoint. Their bread is superb, by the way. Give them a try!
5	My favorite place in PHX.Do yourself a favor - order every type of bruchetta and triple up on the Tomato Jam! These are delicious and fun to share with friends.
5	Dang!  So glad I found this place on Yelp.  We were here for lunch on Saturday.  My favorite was the bacon, tomato, arugala brushetta and the salmon one.  I can't remember the names but they were all actually really good so I don't think you could go wrong with any of them. If I lived here, i would eat here all the time!  They also had a pretty good deal with the $5 pitchers.
4	This is my new favorite spot,  so much so we were here 3 times in one week.  The first visit was on a lazy Mon afternoon, We had way to much wine and ate like pigs,  but we couldn't stop,  everything was super amazing.  We finished with a french press and salted Carmel sundae,  I am embarrassed how far my tongue got down the salted Carmel shot glass.  Everything has been said about the food,  its super tasty. favorite thing I ate that day was the ricotta, date, pistachio bruchetta.
5	I never reviewed Postinos??  Well.. this place was a regular stop for me in the phx.  All the boards of bruschetta are great.  Monday and Tuesday after 8 is the best... $20 for a board and a bottle??  Yes please. Super dog friendly on the patio, great wait staff.  $5 glasses of wine and mini pitchers of beer before 5pm.  I wish i was there right now.
4	I went here with a group of people on Friday night. This was the first time I have been to the Central location, and this Postino's is set up more like a bar setting. Good layout, friendly staff, great people watching. We had some drinks, I love that they have Franzikaner there as my bf and I love it. I also had a turkey panini which was exceptionally good. I had a mixed greens salad as well and I found it to be a bit salty. A little too much going on there. I wish they had a larger menu, but hey, no big deal. This place is so cool and comfortable I feel like I could go there by myself and be happy as a clam. I'm going to try to make it to Postino's more.
5	Friendly staff! Good Sunday brunch!!
5	Great food, great wines, great atmosphere, and wonderful staff.  Couldn't have been happier!
4	I'm taking away a star. Boo! I heard a rumor that the ownership of Postino has changed hands. Whether this is true or not, I have noticed a significant change in the quality of service. Not 1, not 2, but 3 visits in a row, when I ordered the same dish, they completely screwed up my order and left me waiting for over 30 minutes. It was only the last time that they took care of it on the check. I still love the food, the wine is great, and the atmosphere is swanky. I am less anxious to bring friends and family there now, though.
5	One of my favourite spots to eat, and it's even better on a Monday or Tuesday night when you get a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20. That may seem like a lot at first, but considering their bottles of wine alone are usually $20+ it's a hell of a deal. Their bruschetta is amazing! I don't know that I've had one that I didn't like. The fig and marscapone is a favourite, as is the smoked salmon, but they're all fantastic. And no tiny, hard pieces of bread here. Big pieces of crust bread smothered in whichever flavour you want and a board comes with 4 pieces, which is always more than enough for the two of us. For dessert, try their salted caramel sundae. It's ridiculous! The ice cream is smooth and perfectly creamy, the salted caramel sauce comes on the side in a tall shot glass, and the whole thing is garnished with chocolate covered corn nuts. No, really. And they're great! (and this is coming from someone who doesn't like corn nuts... at all!) The patio is really dog friendly, the staff is usually very attentive, though service can be a little sluggish on Mondays and Tuesday, simply because they're usually so busy. If you go on either of those nights, be prepared for a wait, but it's usually not too bad. The ambiance is great and it's a perfect date place.
4	What can I say that hasnt already been said? Excellent atmosphere, free valet parking, HUGE wine selection, excellent beer selection, awesome food that you get to pick at. Meals here are an ordeal, and not just stuffing your face. Easily spend 2-3 hours here just chatting, eating, and drinking.The ONLY reason I gave them 4 stars is because one time we went and it was crazy busy, we got our bruschetta and the bread was soggy and not toasted. I asked the waiter what was up and was told that when they get crazy busy they will sometimes skip the step of toasting the bread. Errr...what? Please please dont sacrifice quality for quantity! Thats what causes great places like this to be not so great any more. First the bread, then what? Otherwise, awesome place as of right now.
4	Consistently good service and food. Love the patio year round....and the $5 pitchers of Hoegaarden.  Recommend riding your bike there, they have a convenient bike rack.
3	Good bruschetta.
5	I helped open this Postino while working at the OG in Arcadia. Its an amazing building with a great bar and patio. Anyone will love and remember their experience with Postino!
5	Ahh Postino how I love thee, let me count the ways.  From your casually swank ambiance, to your deliciously mouth-watering bruschetta options.  Keep on keepin' on Postino.  It ain't broke, so don't fix it.
5	This is a great place to go with a cool, laid back atmosphere. The Bruschetta and Wine deal they feature on Monday & Tuesday night is a great deal. Plus, a nice patio to relax with friends afterwork. Highly recommend it!
5	The wine here is amazing! If you are not a wine person, your choices are limited but you can still find some good beer. I'm not a big bruschetta fan, but get it with salami and pesto!! Its to die for!!
5	I can start off by saying that I crave Postino's!!Was introduced to this place by a friend one Friday night, and have been a fan since! Everything that I've ordered since I have been there has been super tasty. They have a wide selection of wines, beer, and all types of drinks.Their bruschetta board is probably the best thing on the menu! I tried some of their sandwiches which are amazing. The salads that come with the sandwiches are even better, especially the one with walnuts (not sure the name). This is a place to visit, and trust me, you will become a fan from the first bite.
5	This is my favorite place for appetizers and wine. Their bruschetta planks and cheese boards are delicious and they are the perfect size. They have a great selection of wines and I love that you are encouraged to walk around and choose your bottle. The staff there are always friendly and helpful during all stages of service. The environment is relaxed and the diners are usually groups for friends out after work. I've never had a bad experience here and it's the one place I regularly wish I could visit now that I've moved away from Arizona.
5	This place does NOT disappoint! My roommate and I came here for a Friday lunch and there was a brief 10 min wait but the hostess still brought us cups of ice water! We got the bruschette board of course. I would def get the Fresh Mozzarella w/ Tomato & Basil and the Proscuitto w/ Figs & Mascarpone again! The warm artichoke spread was good as well but I would be willing to give that up to try another flavor. Our last selection was the Brie & Apples with Fig Spread which was too sweet for my liking on a bruschetta (and I LOVE my sweets). We also split a Raspberry Chicken Salad which was THE BEST chicken salad I have ever had. They also give you the vinaigrette on the side so you can flavor it to your liking. Last but not least we got the Chocolate Bouchon with vanilla bean ice cream to share. This dessert is SO GOOD we each would've gotten one of our own on a greedy day, but luckily we didn't or our pant buttons would've popped.  The service here is amazing. Our waters were constantly refilled. Our waitress even gave us reward cards to sign up for. Free bruschetta for signing up and dessert on your birthday! Can't argue with that :)
5	I never knew bruschetta could come in so many different varieties! What a fun discovery! A party of 4 we got the appetizer ($12.75) and chose: brie & apples with fig spread (love the sweet and salty combo), Burrata bacon arugula & tomatoes, roasted peppers with goat cheese (so creamy), salami with pesto. Each piece is cut into 4 so it's easy to share.After bruschetta we each got the Select 2 for $9.5 which includes half a panini and a side salad or soup. It was a bit too much food for me but it was delicious. The Italian Picnic salad had all my favorite salad toppings: beets, goat cheese, bacon, walnuts with a vinaigrette dressing. Though the panini was good, I think I would have preferred eating 2 more bruschetta, after all it is their specialty! Seating is easy, there's an outdoor patio with misters, indoor seating, and an indoor and outdoor bar area. The ambiance is versatile which makes Postinos a great place for a date or casual dining with friends.
5	The bruschetta is obscene, its so good. Huge and tasty and worth every penny!  The cheese plate is also very good and always has different types of cheeses. I went for brunch once and had eggs with Gruyere cheese. They were so good!  Great restaurant and a fun place to eat.
4	Great ambiance.  Has a nice large patio area.  Their bruschettas are delicious.  Paninis are great - even their vegetarian one is delicious.  Portions are a good size.  Wine selection is superb.  Great place to grab a drink and dinner after work.  Much larger than their Arcadia location but with the same great atmosphere.
5	I highly recommend this place! Service was phenomenal! everyone was super friendly and gave good food recommendations! I went here with a girlfriend, we order some bruschetta appetizers, Riesling, and I was so glad that they offer Frambroise Lambic Fruit Beer because I am not a typical "beer" fan in anyway shape or form. Food is tasty, Drinks come in great assortment, & Vibes are slightly intimate, but very chill!
4	Oh how I love the mellow feel of Postino. The people watching....the devouring of deliciously simple food and wine. I do NOT love the ridiculous wait times which seem to be a problem more often than not.This location accommodated my birthday party which was really nice. The mixed greens salad with those devilishly good candied pecans and frizzled leeks is something I could eat buckets full of. I don't understand the bruschetta bullshit though. Their bruschettas are largely bread! Little in the way of the toppings. Kind of a disappointment. And the bread isn't even THAT great (unless you were raised on shitty bread).
5	You can't go wrong with their bruschetta. My personal favorite is the white bean paste one. It's a great date spot and Sunday evenings are really nice too.
5	If you want a foodgasim I strongly advise you to check Postino's out for yourself.
5	This is my favorite spot in Phoenix and as such is my "go to" place for everything (bdays, brunch, lunch, just because, etc).  Typically my order looks like...Honey Cucumber Lemonade, Chicken & Mozzarella on Ciabatta & Bruschetta (Salami w/Pesto, Mozarella w/Tomatoe and Basil, Ricotta w/ dates & the Bacon one). However, I will say that the french toast is awesome (I crave it often)!  To be blunt, I haven't tried anything I didn't like here.  I've been to the Arcadia location, but this one (on Central) has a better vibe during the day. Its brighter and I've found that the servers and patrons are friendlier.
4	I had looked up Postino on Yelp before heading there. I always thought that Bruschetta meant just the tomato basil topping before going to Postino .We had the :Brie & Apples with Fig SpreadFresh Mozzarella with Tomato & BasilWarm Artichoke SpreadTomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk CheeseRicotta with Dates & PistachiosEvery thing tasted so great - delicate flavours married together to create that perfect bite. A great place to head to after work
5	This place is amazing. We lucked into their Monday/Tuesday night special ($20 for a bottle of wine and a bruschetta platter after 8pm - an epic deal, if you ask me), and all four bruschetta were delicious. Try the prosciutto with mascarpone and fig spread - it has a really interesting salty/sweet thing going on. The Rickshaw Pinot Noir is also excellent. Salad also great, and the ambiance is fun and vibrant. Will definitely go back, especially on a Monday or Tuesday night!
4	I've only ever been to Postino's for their Monday/Tuesday night specials and while all the raves about the bruschetta and wine are true, I will warn you that parking and getting a table can be tricky. I generally end up finding empty chairs in the outdoor bar area and pulling them together with a side table to create a makeshift booth of my own! I'm not picky when it comes to things like that, and the price is right at Postino's so it's still one of my favorite date night spots. And the lack of seating only attests to how tasty this place is! You don't need to be a wine connoisseur to enjoy Postino's either. The staff is good at explaining their flavors without making you feel incompetent for not understanding the difference between shiraz and merlot.
4	All I had here was the bruschetta- take out. All the kinds we tried were very tasty.
4	Great ambiance.We went here for brunch the morning of my wedding. I had the scramble, delicious. Mimosas are a must have for brunch.I cant wait to go back and try the other menus when its cooler out.
5	My daughter and I enjoyed the vanilla creme brulle for a late dessert.  We will go again!  Instead of the small chocolate biscotti they should slice a raspberry or two for color:)
5	Great place for lunch. If you are looking for a place to hang out, eat great food, this is the place. The Bruchetta is fantastic along with the Pub Board. When you are there, ask for a Pretzel stick. They are hot and devine. Also, make sure that you are there for the $5 pitchers. The 9-Iron is my favorite sandwich on focaccia bread. (I like this location better than the one on Campbell.)
5	Postino continues to be a favorite of mine and never ceases to disappoint! While parking can be a huge pain, once I just accept that I will need to valet, the fun can begin. I love to sit on the patio of Postino and enjoy the enclosed outdoor area, sit and munch of delicious food. My go-to panini is the Market. Don't recognize the name? Probably not because it's not actually on the menu but available upon request. It comes with pesto, mozzarella, tomato and I personally add chicken. The best way to enjoy it is as a half sandwich, half salad combo. I could eat those every day.
5	This is where to be on Monday or Tuesday nights after 8. The $20 Board & Bottle deal is unbeatable, and the vibe is cool and hip without being stuffy and overdone. It's a great place to take my young or yuppie clients for a nosh and drink, and they always have a wonderful time.Their wine list seems to change quite frequently, and they always have a great selection. And they have a pretty good beer selection too, for those non-wine drinkers (I'm still questioning if those folks are human or not). My favorite bruchetta is......umm.... all of them. I love going with 3 or 4 girlfriends, because we can get one of each kind, and bathe in the deliciousness. Check it out, you won't regret it! Tip: Get there before 8 if you don't want to be waiting in line for half an hour!
5	Amazing and delicious food paired with great wines and friendly service. Love it!
4	I love the idea of wine bars but I don't like wine or cheese that much. Lol! With that said I did have a very nice afternoon here. I had Ice tea, which BTW is good. We ordered two Bruschetta platters and I have to admit I loved them. We totally wiped them out. While I think Brie is gross by itself, it sure tastes good when mixed with things like Apples, Pistachios, Salami, Pesto, Tomatoes. and Proscuitto. Our server was a doll as well. A few negatives. We went at 2pm and the place was packed!( Doesn't anyone work on Fridays?lol And if you are unemployed how do you afford to sit in a wine bar?) By 4:00 though the place was dead, just in time for us to leave to catch our movie.-Hmmmmm that didn't make sense to me at all so not sure if that is the norm here. The parking is kind of an issue here. Even though it is free to have them valet your car it is crazy trying to get to the back lot and dangerous. I almost got hit twice. And crazy drivers just leave their cars right out in the middle of the street. Very odd they don't get a ticket or hit. Another issue I have is kids in bars. I don't agree with it and I saw several. I just don't get that at all. I really don't consider Postinos a restaurant or a kid friendly place but hey that's the teacher in me. All in all the food is good here. The restaurant is hip and warehousey looking and we had super great service! I'd go back. ( but maybe at 4pm-ha!)
5	This place rocks.  Great vino, great food, great atmosphere.  If you're looking to impress a date with something more than a bar happy hour, this is the place.
5	Best bruschetta in town! Great variety of choices. Yummy crusty bread.Awesome wine selection. Go before 5 (any day of the week) and get wines by the glass for $5- great deal!Great date place- nice patio and hip interior. Can get a little loud on Friday and Saturday nights.
5	I've been to Postinos in Arcadia several times and I always seem to forget how wonderful the food is. Last night was my first time at the Central location. I loved the atmosphere. It was comfortable, elegant and was a great space to hang out with hipsters. We ordered our usual Bruchetta and the mediterranean  salad. The salad was so amazing , I wish I new how to make the dressing.  I have had every Bruchetta they make and there isn't one I don't like. I hope it isn't too long before we go back again. It amazing how something so simple can taste so amazing.
4	I like it, I like it alot...I am a bruschetta purist but not hating on anybody who wants to try stroganoff on some toasted bread and call it bruschetta.The owners are geniuses - Phoenix might be coming along but still starved for cozy lil' places like this. The wine selection is fab and if you can catch Postino when it's not Super Duper Date Night, a seat at the bar is the way to go.
4	Lively and fun, valet parking and nice prices. Friendly staff who will stop and take pix for you too.$20 gets ya a bottle of wine....and not the cheap stuff...AND a board of 4 huge bruschetta. Your choice of 10 different toppings. I love the one with fig and goat cheese.Tuesday and Wednesday evenings after 8pm for this deal.Easy to split 2 deals with 3 peeps.
5	i started going to postino for their amazing monday and tuesday bottle and a board deal. i was pretty much in love with postino upon my first visit, and thus, malbec monday was born. how could you hate a monday when you know your day will end in a bottle of malbec and board of delicious bruschetta? the staff are friendly, and knowledgeable, and really, honestly, hilarious. as if this weren't good enough, then god blessed me with postino brunch. postino brunch is hands down, the BEST brunch in phoenix. the terrible void of an amazing brunch in phoenix that was left when pallette closed has finally been filled. a peach bellini and country toast: this is my ideal sunday afternoon. meals are served with an amazing tiny tomato salad, i don't even like tomatoes... it's so good.
5	Love to go to Postino on Monday and Tuesday nights for the bottle of wine and bruschetta. Went with a friend last Monday and had a great time. Very nice atmosphere and the wait staff is very friendly and helpful.  Think it could become a Monday habit.
2	If you like plain and simple, I will give it to Postino's. The wine list is simple and not exciting, the food menu is just simple. The best part for me about postino's is the atmosphere. I go there to sit on the patio and enjoy some mimosas on a sunday afternoon.
5	I love going to Postino for dinner whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Laid back atmosphere where you can enjoy really good, flavorful large pieces of bruschetta paired with wine.  Their salads are also really good.  I also love their grilled cheese!  Have not been able to find a place like it anywhere else.  The search will continue...
5	Super good. Great for birthdays and big groups.
4	So, I've been to this joint on numerous occasions and each time has been pleasant.  The most recent experience was on Monday night with my lady.  We stopped in after I was done with work.  I was looking over the wine list and our server says, "You know about our deal tonight, right?"  Intrigued and unaware I asked her to please go on, "We have bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20" WHAT?! That was music to my frugal/foodie ears!!  Any bottle of wine and the bruschetta board comes with 4 flavors of your choosing (4 slices of each!).  We chose the Sauvignon Blanc (The Ned) and for the board we got the: buratta, (minus the bacon) arugula, tomato; white bean and chopped tomato; fig (and other stuff  I can't remember) and salami with pesto.  There's a sparkling Sauv, too...but I wasn't really in the mood for bubbles.  For dessert we ordered the creme brulee.  It was pretty good, but I'm kind of a creme brulee snob, and I thought it could have been cooked a little more.  All in all, a great time here at Postino.  We will definitely be back.
5	Postinos a spot for high rollin' winos. You woke up at noon and had breakfast during lunchtime, so the next logical step is to have lunch food during dinner time, with some wine. This is where postino's comes in. The menu is full of salads, Paninis, bruschetta and a few apps. There is a large by the glass wine menu ($8-$14) and hipster cool ambiance. Service here is great, the patio is quite nice with heaters, a fire place and even a few patio furniture loungers.  Great for a date, hanging with friends and conversation.We started with the Bella Postino $9 Crustini with a artichoke dip and a hummus. The artichoke dip was great as any fat laden dip would be. The humus was ok but I am a hummus  snob.For our main we had the Vegetarian Panini ($9.75) It was good and moist with hummus roasted tomatoes olives and an artichoke spread, the focaccia bread was well toasted from the Panini press.We also had the mediterranean  salad 8.75 which is a romaine salad with copious amounts of feta. Pretty good as I do like cheese but maybe not as healthy as one would want from a salad.For desert we had a crem burle, simple not to sweet and well executed a classic.
5	I absolutely love this place. I am addicted to wine and this is the perfect place for that. I had the bruschetta and chose the brie and apples with fig. . it was amazing! Perfect combo with the wine the waitress suggested. I was there on a Saturday night, it was pretty packed but definitely worth it. We sat outside, it was chilly but they had heaters out there. After a few sips of the wine I forgot about the cold anyway. I will definitely be back to Postino for more wine and bruschetta! Sooooooo gooooooood.
1	Met some friends at Postino last night. I was a late arrival to the tail end of a party. They arrived at 4:00 and I arrived about 6:30.  I ordered food and drink and asked to pay separately. I was told that I could not because it was a big group. I explained that the party was essentially over and I should have a separate bill. The waitress condensendingly told me no. So I said I would pay cash and have no tab. She quotes me an amount that included a 20% gratuity. I paid the cash. My friends then recieve a bill with my food and drink on it. They have a total bill less "cash contributions" from the others who have paid their share. Yet the bill is more than their share. And the bill includes a 20% gratuity. They asked for an accounting of it and were told they did not know who paid for what. I asked for a manager and explained that my order should not have been on the bill because I paid cash separately. He said she was his best waitress. Really?  I am talking about the bill and accounting practices and inflexibility. He stayed focused on how good the waitress was. Very frustrating. And oh, by the way, I ordered by drinks and food from 2 other staff members...not the best, unavailable waitress. I flagged down another staff member to send a message to the manager that I am a Yelper.  Manager came back  a  gift card of an undisclosed amount. Now, he was willing to listen to the fact that their accounting/billing practices were poor and that patrons should have the right to know the breakdown of the bill and what they are paying for.  I gave the card to my friends who were the ones ripped off. I still don't know what amount I gave them but hope its more than $5.00.  An unhappy Friday happy hour at the end of a long week.
5	I really loved the food.  I want to give only 4 1/2 stars due to the horrible parking.  I hate that I'm forced to use valet parking because there is no other parking available.  But the atmosphere and food was a lot of fun.
5	YUM!  If I lived in Phoenix this would be a place I frequented.  My dining companion was nice enough to share food with me so I could try more things.First item up was the raspberry chicken salad.  I love Gorgonzola.  I love nuts in salads.  I love raspberry vinaigrettes.  I loved this salad.  The greens were fresh, there wasn't too much chicken, and nothing was too overpowering in the salad.  It was balanced mix and so delightful!Second item(s) was the bruschetta.  You get a selection of 4 types and it would have definitely been enough for the two of us to share without anything else.  Each selection has about 4 small(ish) slices.  Our first choice was the fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil.  It was good and everything was fresh, but kind of meh compared to the other ones.  The burrata, bacon, argula and tomato was nice. I can't remember which one we decided on for the third (not surprising since I'm writing this review a few weeks later).  And the last was the tomato jam & sheeps milk cheese which was delicious!  I feel like this place probably serves up everything delicious and it would be hard to go wrong with anything you ordered here.  The one thing that sucks is that it is pretty much valet parking only.  It's complimentary but still a hassle.  If you're in the area I definitely suggest you check this place out!
4	I have only went twice for breakfast but each time I have had the B.E.L.T and it is my second all time favorite breakfast sandwich(brioche egg sammy from Bertha's wins). The dining area is nice and modern and relaxed. The grilled cheese was up there in awesome category and I may need to go back to do that with some tomato soup sometime. I have also had the pretzel,cheese,corn nuts, and chorizo appetizer which was really good also. Last time I tried the cucumber/lemonade which while different was really tasty and refreshing.The service I have had was excellent and while most breakfast places do good food but don't have much of a dine in experience this one is nice and open and beautiful. Light music in the background is relaxing so they win out over other fine breakfast spots in all arorund experience.
3	This place is definitely overrated.  Girls seem to love this place, but I don't find it to be anything special.First of all, they only have beer and wine, no liquor.  This isn't a big issue, but I like to get some whiskey now and again, and I don't like when this isn't an option.Secondly, they don't have a "real" menu.  Even at dinner, the menu is just sandwiches and salads.  It does have pretty nice atmosphere, but I'd personally rather go a lot of other places.  The lack of items on the food menu leave it lacking as a place to eat, and the lack of liquor leave it lacking as a place to drink.
5	This is my go to wine bar in Phoenix.I like this location best between this one and the Arcadia location (splitting hairs here) because of the patio, on a cool day outside it's heaven.  It's also smaller and to me seems more relaxed and intimate.The Monday and Tuesday night special is of course killer because of the star of the show, the bruschetta is unreal.  There are multiple types but for me I have to make sure I order the Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone, the Brie and Apples with Fig Spread, and the Tomato Jam and Fresh Sheeps Milk.  I've had all of them though and you really can't go wrong.If you live in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Mesa/Tempe and haven't been to a Postino you're ridiculous and missing out!
4	I can't believe how amazing the Monday and Tuesday happy hour is! It gets very packed and the hosts can have a little attitude but the bruchettas, wine and service are worth dealing with them.
4	Excellent food, excellent service. Even the required valet service hustled as they worked for their tips. On Monday and Tuesday nights, Postino has a $20 special (not to be confused with happy hour) that includes a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board. We ordered the Nine Iron panini, a bottle of Sola Fred red wine, and a bruschetta board consisting of the following selections (check my photos, too!):Ricotta with Dates & PistachiosBrie & Apples with Fig SpreadSmoked Salmon with PestoProsciutto with Figs & Mascarpone My absolute favorite was the salmon and pesto, but I definitely appreciated the salty crunch of the pistachio and ricotta, and the sweet juxtaposition of the sweet figs and prosciutto. I did not care for the coldness of the apple and brie. I honestly don't remember much of the panini except that it was "good", mainly because I was so enthralled with the bruschetta. By the time I had turned my attention to the panini, I had also had a good amount of wine.Halfway through our meal, a manager (presumably) appeared and apologized for the amount of time it took for a waitress to take our order. It was extremely busy and we therefore did not think anything of the "wait" but still appreciated the very, very generous comp. Clearly, Postino takes their customer service seriously! Beware! Seating wait times are very long, especially for groups. Because we had a group of more than 8, the man who answered the phone was very polite and helpful in reserving a table, resulting in quick seating.  If it's just you and a friend, no problem! They have fireplaces you can sit next to. All in all, I definitely recommend this place. I love me some vino!
4	I went here last night on my nth visit back to this lovely place. And I realized I hadn't reviewed it here on yelp. So here I am. The first line should explain my stars. This is a perfect hangout place with your friends, a very good date place or a place you could just go for some low key relaxation. And when you are there you have to try the bruchetta. My personal favorites are the smoked salmon and the artichoke but they have a decent variety so mix and match. Last but not the least, it's a wine place so definitely have your glass. This is by far my favorite wine bar in Phoenix. Do visit.
5	Postino is a great restaurant! I usually get the bruschetta because they have great bread and fun combinations. I like the caprese, artichoke, and sheeps milk cheese + fig jam best. Their food is amazing and their service is good. Also I enjoy the salted carmel sundae! It's so good!
4	$5 pitchers of Four Peaks brews? That's an awesome happy hour!  Bruschetta is amazing... $13 is a bit much for it, but still super tasty!  Great environment. Happy staff. Killer design and music.  Great location.  Love it!
4	Second time i came in, food is pretty expensive, but its well worth it.I do recommend getting the bruschetta, you pick 4 different ones (which are cut into nice 4 slices each). We got the salmon, roasted peppers, tomato jam, and procsiotto (sp?). They were really good, i think i want to try some others ones, definitely don't get all of one kind unless you are afraid of change. If that is the case i don't know why you are trying somewhere new to eat.Food was really good, i got the half panini and soup of the day. The panini i chose was the 9 iron. Not enough burratta i love the flavor of burratta, and just enjoy having a few of them to eat. Oh this is making me long for some fresh burratta.
5	Great environment!  Great for a date.  We got a 20 dollar special for a bottle of wine and bruschetta board.  Good food and wine for 20 dollars.  Wait staff were also friendly.  Thumbs up!
4	This place has the best bruschettas! We threw a bridal shower here and the staff was very helpful. The food was great and so was where we were seated. The live music is a nice touch but we were a little too close so it made it hard for us to hear each other.  Otherwise, everything was great!
5	I've been here twice. Once for brunch and once for late night type stuff. As most of the reviews state the food is good. I feel the portions are great. I think the overwhelming cheese plate could use more bread.The service is friendly and reminiscent of going over to a friend's house. A friend that charges you for the food you've eaten.
5	The food is amazing. I love the salad with the grapes, and of course, the bruchetta. I love the atmosphere, the music, the prices, and the service. The servers, bartenders, and manager are all oddly very good looking, which sometimes suggests a bit of snobbery, but not here, they are all fantastically friendly and good looking, so don't be fooled when you see all the sexy people. :) Definately one of the best places one could choose to eat at when in Phoenix. Brunch is awesome too. The scone with apricot jam, don't miss that, you will keel over with delight. The cucumber honey lemonade is sweet, but pretty fantastic too.
4	There is no reason not to go to Postino Central.  Excellent service,  the food is as good as it looks from the pictures.  I'm sure the wine is good as I browsed the racks and racks of wine.  We drank beer there and really enjoyed the 4 Peaks so much we hunting down the brewery the next day.  Eclectic crowd, artistic, funky, and romantic feeling could be had.  Oh and great music!
5	You have to try the Brushetta! It is delicious. But I haven't tried anything on the menu that I haven't liked, the food is great and the drink menu is good as well.  The ambiance is very fun for a group of friends, but can be easily accommodate a more intimate setting as well. The overall design is great. I like everything about this place.
5	Great wine.  Great ambiance.   Nice servers.  Bruschetta awesome.  So was the artichoke and hummus dip.
5	Bruchetta and wine!  The best part is that the food is ridiculously reasonable for superb quality food. The open restaurant concept keeps the place lively as there is always a good crowd soaking in the fresh air at the open bar or on the patio.I've never had a bad experience here and the complimentary valet really helps as Magellan couldn't find you street parking.Be sure to take a group of friends so you can sample as many types of bruchetta that you can.  My standard meal is the Autostrada sandwich and the Raspberry Chicken Salad (Half and Half deal for $9.75)Indulge and always go for a bottle.  The light rail is just steps away.
5	Bruschetta. It's what's for dinner folks! Nothing beats having wine, beer, cheeses, meats, bread, olive oil, amazing friends, 75 degree dry/warm weather in March and BRUSCHETTA!!! I freakin' loved this place, now I know why my very good friend Holly basically LIVES at this restaurant!!!!Food:+ Bruschettas. We did 4. #1 Tomato jam, chives, fresh Sheep's milk cheese. #2 Fresh mozzarella, basil and tomato. #3 Ricotta, pistachio and dates. #4 Brie and apples with fig spread. They were all absolutely fantastic, my favorite was the classic fresh mozz with basil and tomato. The tomato and jam one provided for a very interesting twist to something you're not usually combining and eating. The creamy ricotta paired quite well with the very crunch pistachio and soft gooey dates. Brie and apples with fig...nuff said.+ Butcher's Block. $14. An assortment of artisan meats and cheeses served withtuscan beans, olives, nuts and crostini. This was a great board, beautifully presented and man did it pair well with the beers and wines we ordered. Very well put together - loved the gherkins, loved the meats and brie, loved the presentation and Parmesan shards in the hummus.By far, my favorite place I went to in Phoenix and I highly suggest you go here, sit outside and enjoy LIFE, for several hours, like I did.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
4	For my 300th review, I wanted to write about somewhere that I have been yearning to try for a long time.  This was my first visit to Postino and it definitely lived up to the hype.  Ever since I moved to Phoenix, I have observed that every time I am hanging out at a wine bar with friends, this place inevitably creeps into the conversation.  "Oh, look, they have a comfy couch like at Postino's".... "This bruschetta is not as good as Postino's"...."Cool, their happy hour glass price is only $5 like Postino's". So, I have felt a need to visit for a while but just never been able to make it happen.  I live in Chandler and work in Scottsdale so I don't really visit downtown/uptown Phoenix often.  And when I pulled into the parking lot I remembered why.  No place to park except in a tow away zone so my friend and I had to drive a ways down the street.  Say what you want about the suburbs but sometimes it is just nice to drive up, park, walk in and be immediately seated without a hassle.Once we had settled in to our comfy seats, however, our cares melted away.  Our server was super nice and friendly (as everyone there seems to be). Even though we took advantage of the awesome $5 glass special, we both wanted to try each others selections so she brought us extra glasses.  We noshed on a fantastic bowl of olives while enjoying our wine and deciding what to order. Of course I knew going in that I needed to order the bruschetta board but my plan had been to get it for an app and then order something else.  My friend suggested getting that as a meal to share which actually worked perfectly since the portions are surprisingly large.  You get to pick four different selections (very hard to do since they all sound awesome) and then each one is so big they cut it into three bite size pieces.  We did finish with a cappuccino and split a dessert, mostly because we just didn't want to leave, yet couldn't keep ordering wine since we had to drive afterwards. So, there you have it, the perfect meal!  Top it off with a visit to the Phoenix Art Museum down the street afterwards and you are in perfect day territory.I hope to visit Postino again with the hubby some time in the future.  I had been envisioning someplace a little more girly and a lot more pretentious, but it really is very homey and laid back so I know he would love it, too. There was a real diverse crowd when we were there.  Plus, they have a decent beer selection in addition to the fab wine list so that will help get him in the door. Now if only it was more conveniently located.  Well, I hear that they are opening one up in Gilbert soon so we just may have to become regulars there!
4	How have I never reviewed this place?  I love going to Postino on Central.  I have been here so many times I can not even remember.I love the atmosphere, I love the people, I love how relaxed it is at this location and I love, love love the food and wine.  The bruschetta is absolutely amazing and it does not matter what you order it is always going to be fabulous!  Order a bruschetta board to your taste.  The desserts are not bad either, the chocolate dipped corn nuts over ice-cream and a shot of home made hot caramel!  Wowzas!  The food is wonderful, the service is terrific... I have not met a bad server at this place and I just adore the atmosphere.
5	This was my first meal in Phoenix, and it was pretty damn good. At first I was skeptical about the limited menu and how good bruschetta can be - i mean its bread with some cheese and toppings. Well they Postino proved me wrong. The variety of the Bruschetta was fantastic! My favorite was the smoked salmon with pesto - it had these delicious capers in there! So Tasty!The atmosphere was great! We had outdoor seating and it was very comfortable. Highly Recommend!
5	I wish there was a Postino close to us because our area could use one!  Everything was fantastic.  Upon entering, the flow of the place is on point.  It has a modern open-air feel with the back wall open to the patio diners.  We decided to sit at the bar.  It was about 2pm on a Saturday and the place was buzzing.  Had great vibes for sure.  We ordered some wine along with the Bruschetta board.  If you have a chance to go here you cannot pass up the Salmon Bruschetta with pesto and capers...TO DIE FOR!The staff was energetic which I like.  I hate seeing miserable restaurant staff that move slowly and look like they hate their job.  That was not the case at Postino.  We also had a salad but I don't recall the name.  It had candied walnuts, blue cheese and grapes I think and it was also very good.  Can't beat the price either.  Give me a great atmosphere, tasty food made with fresh, high quality ingredients, good drinks AND be kind to my wallet then I'm yours!  Glad we tried it.  My fiance is still talking about it a week later.  Next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely be back.
3	I should start with the positives.. The food here is excellent. I have been here many times and the bruschetta is out of this world..the best I have ever had. The service is here is awful!! We went on a Friday night and even with 3 bartenders behind the bar  and a near empty bar, it was impossible to get service. They were very interested in talking to eachother though. They take empty glasses away without offering refills and when the food arrived I had to retrieve some silverware and plates since the bartender(s) didn't even acknowledge that we needed anything. No joke, it took almost 10 minutes to get the attention of that bartender to get another glass of wine or a beer.The food is what keeps us going back and they do have a great happy hour with $5 glasses of wine. We will try the other location next time to see if the service is any better there.
4	the bruschetta is SO FREAKIN GOOD
5	I love coming here with coworkers for happy hour. The bruschetta is amazing in all flavors and very vegetarian friendly.The wine and beer selection is substantial- there is something for everyone's pallate. The veggie sandwich is full of mushrooms, so if you're not a fan, better order something else.The atmosphere is laid back and relaxing after a long day at work.
4	Yum!  I am a huge fan of their brushetta.  I don't think I've eaten anything else but it!This was my first time at the Central location.I came on a Friday afternoon around 2.  Parking was an absolute nightmare and I had to park across the street at the Circle K and pray that my car wasn't broken into.We also didn't have a great seating arrangement.  It would have been nicer if they would have noticed all sitting in the middle of the patio and taking up half the walkway and let us sit at a table when one opened, but they never did.Also, when I went to the bar and asked if they served any other alcohol besides wine and beer, the bartender told me no.  Later, I saw someone with another type of drink.  When I asked, they told me it was a mimosa and that they also served Belinis.  Not sure why the bartender didn't tell me that when I had tried to order a drink instead of serving me water.  Seems silly....but whatever.I ordered the brushetta platter.  It was delicious!  I believe I ordered the goat cheese and bell pepper (it was my least favorite of all, but still good), the mozarella & tomato (yum), apple & fig (delicious), and prosciutto (spelling???)--it was my favorite!!!I would definitely come back, only because of the delicious food!!
5	This location is a little bit more casual than Arcadia and the food and wine are terrific and the 11-5 prices are awesome! Great local hangout.
4	Happy hour was packed (and no parking to be found!) with a long wait time, so I decided to grab a brushetta to go and was outta there with my food in under 10 minutes. It was still warm and fresh when I got home, so this might be an option for you if you don't want to wait! The cucumber lemonade was interesting too!
4	Excellent lunch!!!!!!Great value!Great wine!Great atmosphere!The only negative, I don't care for valet parking.
5	If heaven was on a wood cut board it would be the bruschetta they serve here! This place feels like a modern getaway with an awesome selection of wine and who can beat 5 dollars glasses of wine everyday from 11 to 5!
5	This place has an awesome wine and flatbread deal on tuesdays. I was visiting from San Diego and this place was definitely one of the highlights from my trip. I highly recommend that going here on a Tuesday but plan ahead and be prepared to wait. We walked across the street to a bar and had a drink while we waited. Cheers I recommend all of the flatbreads. Period.
4	I love coming here... especially for $20 wine and brushetta nights (Monday and tuesday  after 8) but be ready for a huge line on those nights. Parking is a mess too. There is valet though. Servers are really knowledgeable and friendly.
4	Love Postinos. Decent selection of wines, great food - especially the Bruschetta which is hands-down my favorite in town...and it's a lively fun place to hang out. Great for lunch, happy hour, dinner or late night. The only thing that is not great is the parking - I hate being forced to valet.
1	Despite delicious food and an impressive wine list, it hurts my heart to say that this place isn't worth the trouble. The staff is pretentious and unaccommodating. I have been here a handful of times and every server I have had has an excuse of why they cannot meet my requests. I understand a policy of not splitting checks, but then please let us know that when you are taking our order. One of the servers also told me that they cannot seat parties of five without a reservation. I understand having to wait for a table, but the place was just opening and nearly empty at the time. The menu also gives very vague descriptions making it nearly impossible for anyone with specific food allergies. I love my wine, but I am pretty comfortable with the fact that I will never go to this place again.
4	Love this place for it's great drink selection and bruschettas.  You really can't go wrong with any choice you make, but the hummus and artichoke dip are my favorite.  It's a great place to go to with friends or your honey.  Grab a seat outside on the patio on a nice day!
5	Love this place!  I tried this location on a Wednesday night and it was crowded.  Great ambiance with candle light and nice music.  Friendly service with knowledgeable waiters.  Most importantly, excellent food!  If you have been reading their Yelp reviews, you know their brushetta is a must have.  Brie & Apples with Fig Spread is a personal favorite!  Smoked Salmon with Pesto + Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes come in a close second.  Excellent mix of a variety of cheeses, meats, and other fresh ingredients.  They have a good selection of wine as well.  A trendy restaurant for young and older crowds.  Go to Postino if you want some really good food, wine or conversations!
3	Bad service, great food, awful coffee.
5	Came for brunch on a Saturday morning. The room was light and comfortable and very inviting. The first thing that I noticed was the hip bartender with the mowhawk and tattoos, it was fantastic. They only serve beer and wine, so our brunch beverages were beers and mimosas. They have vegetarian options as well as dishes with meat. They have a very simple eggs and bacon dish for $3. We also ordered walnut toast, which comes with triple creme brie and a house-made berry jam. This, too, was only $3 and they kept bringing us refills of it. 5 stars for delicious and inexpensive food, such a friendly server and for being generous with the portions.
4	Went to Postino Central Monday night and it was a great time. There are 10 types of bruschetta on the menu and we sampled eight of them.  All were really good and the $20 bruschetta and wine special (Monday & Tuesday nights, 8 - 10) was a killer deal.The atmosphere was fun and the place was full on a Monday night. The thing I liked most though was that each piece of bruchetta was sliced so it could easily be picked up as finger food.
5	Very impressed! $5 pitcher until 5pm, and excellent healthy food at a good value. Free valet parking.  I look forward to coming back.
4	Came for Sunday brunch awhile ago and loved it. As does the entire Phoenix population of course so this is nothing new. Nothing I can say other than great!
5	Often I don't write a review for a place that has so many reviews. What's mine matter right? But, I went here a couple months ago and this place left a lasting impression. You see I love salad and all, but typically refuse to order it at a restaurant, unless it's a side, but the Mixed Greens salad is so delicious. It's perfectly balanced. In fact, it's so good I duplicated it at home, because I loved it so much. The bartenders were really sweet and really cute, and the service in general was awesomeness starting with the hostess on down. I also tried a sandwich and had a nice piece of cheese with some honey for dessert.Everything was great and it made it worth the wait, because you will have to wait for a seat most likely.
5	I have never been disappointed by the food here. This Postinos location is my favorite mostly because the staff is always friendly. If you want a great meal, great wine or beer in a trendy and upbeat atmosphere then this Postinos would be my first recommendation every time.
5	Postino's has been one of my favorite restaurants for several years now, and even though I know in the big scheme of things one more 5 star review won't matter, I still feel the need to add my praise. I love the ambiance. Though it can get a bit loud and crowded, that's what happens when a place is popular. Both the inside and outside decor are both modern, yet extremely comfortable. The menu is simple but tastefully done. I love the bruschettas, the paninis, the salads, the desserts.... This is one of my favorite places for brunch, and I have even used them to cater one of my parties with great success. As a matter of fact, now that I am writing this, I think I will go back tomorrow. It already has been too long.
5	I don't think much more can be said that hasn't already been said about this place. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I was sad to move from the desert solely because I couldn't come here every week. The bruschetta is amazing. Tomato jam is hands down my favorite...sounds weird, but extremely good. You really can't go wrong with any of them. If you go on Monday or Tuesday night after 8pm, a bottle of wine and board of this gloriousness is only $20 bucks. Get on that. If you're not in the mood for bruschetta, the Tuna Melt is out of this world...order it with a side of Sierra Nevada mustard and you won't go wrong. The brunch here on the weekends is incredible, too. Central is the only one that offers it so don't try going to the other ones and ordering the BELT sandwich, because you won't get it....but come here and you'll experience the fantastic brunchFree valet, too.
2	I love the food but I wish you would stop hiring rude entitled hipsters at all of your restaurants. My group arrived before me but the hostess refused to seat them because the person who took my reservation spelled my name wrong so my reservation was for Kirsten not Christine. The hostess thought that somehow the same amount of people showed up at the exact same time as "Kristen's" party and that my friends somehow knew this and we're stealing the reservation, REALLY! The hostess told my friends that they would have to wait to make sure "Kristen" didn't show up. She also refused to call the phone number they had on the reservation. The manager temporarily redeemed herself be offering a comp bruschetta board. Then the bar windows were opened. It is the end of June so the temp inside instantly shot up and we all started sweating. It was probably cooler outside with the misters. I have now learned my lesson; I will no longer come during summer months and always expect to be treated like I am inconveniencing the staff.
5	Enjoyed another GNO with Gen, Shar & Alice!  The bruschetta is always delish and I found a new summer favorite wine, Moscofilero!
4	I absolutely love this place. The bruschetta is always yummy and fresh. But, not only is the food excellent, so is the service. I will keep returning, because its always a pleasant experience
5	Postino, you are a blessing to Central PHX.  I have always been impressed with the quality of food that is placed in front of me.  Of course the $5 drink specials are what brought me here, but it is not just the drink that keeps me coming back.  For any first timer you should try any of the Boards, but they are known for the Bruschetta board, you will not be disappointed (unless you don't like bruschetta).  Share a sandwich or salad, and make sure to ask what the soup of the day is, always worth a try.  Finish it off with the Salted Caramel Sundae, not a sweets fan but the saltiness is perfect. Your building is beautiful and well thought out and I love the old school skate stickers that I spot randomly.  With so many reviews mine may be overlooked but for those of you reading that have been here you know that this is about as good as it gets.
4	I really have no complaints after the few times I've been here other than the parking (but there is valet available).  The bruschetta boards are delicious - my faves include the smoked salmon with pesto and prosciutto with figs and mascarpone.  The boards run for $13.50 and are a good size for two people to share.  Also, on Mondays and Tuesdays (after 8pm) you can get a house bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.
4	Yum yum yum yum yum! The brochette is amazing and the cheese and fruit platter is a perfect light snack combo with a few drinks. I liked the environment, always packed though and a bit of a wait.
5	I really dig this place. The bruschetta is great - especially the brie and apple. It obvious they use very high quality ingredients in the food and I love the atmophere.
4	Nice brunch menu items -
5	This is a nice change from the strip mall chain restaurants of Phoenix and Scottsdale. Postino's attracts a mix of people and races and I find that very refreshing. The food is lovely. The bruschetta is visually appealling and layered with flavor. You can't go wrong with the artichoke dip and hummus. Garlicky...yes! The tuna sandwich was layered with flavors. Oh yeah, I am a fan.
4	I have spent many a hazy day at Postino's. When the weather is right, there is nothing better than sitting outside at the cement bar and feasting on their healthy fare. The appetizers are worth the trip. The boards are great, really nice nuts, pretzels,cheese,  meats. And everyone loves their bruschetti, which is a meal. I al also an autostrada fan, kinda like an Italian sub grilled down to nothing.  I wish they had domestic beer, their lightest beer is rather heavy. They only have a few beers on tap and they aren't for the wimpy. The walls are lined with wines, if that's your fancy. The single best thing is probably their walknut chicken salad. And you can do a 1/2 and 1/2 for just a smalllll price. (salad/sammy/soup). I will say that me and my cohorts got pretty ill here once when we were cheese tasting. Then I thought about how long it takes to get goat cheese here from France and all the things that could go wrong along the way. Weigh that risk yourself before you take a walk down the exotic cheese path they offer there. Overall, nice upscale crowd, great outdoor seating,  super food and friendly staff as well.
3	I came here 2x on my trip to Phoenix. The first time I liked the place enough  (especially at it's price point) so I brought my co-workers a couple nights later. Unfortunately after only two times of dining here, I got bored of the menu and realized some simple taste-flavor things were off.  Immediately I appreciated the great vibe, nice outdoor seating area, cool crowd and wine and beer selection for price. I have to admit I 'love' the $2.50 shorty beer option and if my review was based only on the ambiance and  wine menu, it'd be a 4-5 star review.Foodwise, not so much... First night, I had the pub board which I do recommend. It's fun - pretzels and cornnuts with my cheese and chorizo!! And initially, I was blown away by the size of the bruschetta. The most memorable and yummy version was the tomato jam. Second time, one of my co-workers got the bruschetta and he again was shocked at the serving size. But the basic tomato/moz/basil one was bland and no bueno. For something so basic, a place with such a high yelp rating should be able to knock it out of the park. I can make a better version of this at home.The kicker and why I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 4 is my dish. I wanted a salad, but all the salad options were just standard fare - uninspired and uninspiring. In fact so uninspiring that instead of ordering a full salad, I got a half salad/sandwich combo. The salad was just OK and my sandwich was decent, but nothing to rave home about.Unfortunately, after only 2 times of dining here, I got bored of the menu =(  and I doubt it changes often. If I lived in the area I'd go back for a glass of wine, the ambiance, and possibly to snack on a meat/cheese/pub board, but definitely wouldn't go for a full dinner.
5	What can I say that no one else has?  Postino is a cool little wine bar.  It's also one that you don't need to dress up in black like a starving artist or Scottsdale nightclubber in order to fit in.  Postino has a bright and modern ambiance and awesome food.The bruschetta is fantastic.  We tried (from best to not quite best) the white bean with tomato, smoke salmon pesto, brie apple and fig, and mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I could have kept eating all of them until my stomach exploded.  The flavor combinations were amazing and the ingredients were fresh.  If you can't find one that you like, you my need to have your taste buds examined.We also split a chicken and mozzarella panini.  Delicious.  The sun dried tomato mayo and the arugula are a tasty complement to the protein.  The sandwich is as fresh and well prepared as the bruschetta.  Add a glass of wine and you have the perfect little meal.
5	This is a great date spot. My wife and I love the bruschetta & wine deal.
4	Yup, good! Great appetizer plates and drink selection. And.the.best.panini.I ordered the prosciutto and Brie Panini...hold the prosciutto....but the waitress suggested apple slices in the place of the meat. Holy moly, best sandwich ever. With the fig jam and the warm brie......drool.....Everyone else at the table wanted a bite and we all thought about it for days.Also good....the salted caramel sundae- shared one...and again, everyone wanted a bite, then they ordered their own. How can a dessert that comes with a shot of hot caramel be anything but good?
2	I've been to Postino many times and this location has always been a bit on the dirty side. The staff is often eating and drinking around the bar. They definitely need a new dishwasher because every time someones left overs are on my plate. I love the 5 dollar pitchers but not when it has old food particles in it and on the glass. Also way to many flys.Management needs to step it up.
4	So good! So adorable! I want to give it 5 stars and there is only one reason I'm not going to. The service.The service was strangely slow. It kept seeming like our server was forgetting about us. Even when he'd come over he seemed pretty distracted. The woman who was refilling the waters also seemed pretty distracted. At one point she dumped so much ice in my husbands cup that it was a little ice mountain sticking out of it. And then she overfilled my cup with water which started spilling on me but she never noticed. They also never even asked if we wanted a second glass of wine or beer. I probably would have gone for it seeing as we had to wait for the food for so so long.The food though, the food was so worth the wait!!! First of all the appetizer we had, mozzarella and basil was amazing. The basil was really fresh. There seemed to be two types of mozzarella, and the really creamy one on top of the appetizer was to die for. The pesto drizzled across the plate I could drink.They have a really nice option where you can choose 2 out of 3 things, half sandwich, cup of soup and half salad. All for $9.75. I went for the half vegetarian sandwich and half Italian picnic salad. I loved both. The vegetarian sandwich was unlike any vegetarian sandwich I'd had before. Sure I've had the things on it before, but I'm thinking not together, and maybe not stuff of such high quality. The salad had these delicious cheeses in it along with bacon. What's not to love?We sat outside on the patio and it was so nice. Really pretty furniture and accents and I loved the outdoor/indoor bar.So, weird service, if the food had sucked I would have been annoyed, but since it didn't I'll just hope that's not normal because I'm going back for sure.
4	I love their bruschetta. I get weird cravings for it and have to eat it at least once a month. I've always had friendly servers, although they can be slow with getting the food out. I was here last Saturday morning and the man next to me walked out without eating because first his order got lost and never sent to the kitchen. then when they finally took his order they still made him wait a long time for his food. that was probably just a mistake all around, but I felt bad for the guy.
4	Postino never disappoints!The service is always very cheery and friendly, even when it is clear they are slammed and have to deal with some rather snarky customers... Doesn't seem to faze any of the servers that I have encountered! They are always quick to recommend a good beer or wine, and they will always hold themselves accountable for any mistakes. Excellent wait staff!Now, on to the food...and wine.. Yummy! The bruschetta board is definitely the best selection in the valley, and one of the best buys at that! $13.50, and you get to choose 4 types of awesome bruschetta. My personal favorites are the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, as well as the brie and apples. With that said, they ALL are wonderful. And if you make it in later (after 8pm) on a Monday and Tuesday, you get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine all for $20!OH! Postino's also has a small, but great, selection of salad and sandwiches to choose from if you aren't in the mood for bruschetta. Postino Central is a great place that is certainly worth a try! Good job Postino!
3	The great:The lemonade is among the best I've ever had in Phoenix.  The autostrada sandwich is also flavorful, I haven't had anyone I've went with dislike what they ordered.  It's great.The annoying:The restaurant is truly great, but it can be a very unpleasant experience to go to for lunch especially because it is so, so busy.  It's not unreasonable to have to wait an hour to be seated and then another 20-30 minutes to get your order in.  If you have a large party, even longer.Worst of all, they do not take reservations, so you cannot avoid the 2+ hour affair of going to Postino.  I'm surprised so many can go on a weekday and take such a long day.It is a great place to eat at, I just wish it wasn't so popular and at the very least took reservations or call ahead seating to make a more pleasurable experience.
5	Postino Central is the pinnacle of perfection. It represents the peak of human endeavor and is worthy of every Nobel Prize past, present, and future. This is the highest praise, I know, but it is completely deserving because Postino is more than just a restaurant... It is holy ground. And modern science can prove that.Bruschetta is, at its core, a simple dish. Traditionally, it is served as a slice of toasted bread rubbed with garlic, drizzled with olive oil, then topped with an assortment of ingredients. But Postino takes this minimalistic preparation to new levels, turning every slice of toasted bread into a dynamic canvas that highlights the finest quality ingredients. They offer eleven varieties of bruschetta, each with a signature taste to tickle your palate. And through the eleven options, there is not a single flavor profile that goes uncovered, no spectrum of taste that is lost. From savory prosciutto to herbal red peppers, dinner at Postino dances with your taste buds in every way.My personal favorite - brie and apples with fig spread. The apple slices are fresh and the brie is so delicate. And the fig spread... Ahhh the fig spread gives a subtle sweetness... Then they all come together in that first bite, so sensual, so seductive. Like an exchange of honey betwixt bees or a whispered promise to your lover, the first bite is intimate... a pleasure you just may lose yourself in... And it's simply exhilarating.Postino is a necessary part of the human experience. I feel that words cannot do this restaurant justice so my review will conclude shortly. Just know that should you ever walk through Postino's doors, you will feel the universe expanding in that initial bite. And don't forget to order a bottle of wine... Because bottled wine is bottled poetry. Bon appetit!
4	How is it possible that 7 people ordered 6 bottles of wine and 6 huge bruschetta boards and their check is only $130?? I have no idea, it must have been a rip in the space/time continuum. That's the most obvious answer to me, anyway.If you haven't eaten at a Postino's, I mean seriously, what are you waiting for? An invitiation? Well if that's it.. then here. I cordially invite you to dine at Postino's.The service leaves a little something to be desired- like a server pouring my wine. All they did was open the bottle and then set it back on the table for us to pour out ourselves. We even opened one of the two bottles of Prosecco we ordered. To me, that's absolutely ridiculous. This is a wine bar, if I wanted to serve myself, I would go to Total Wine and take that shiz home with me. But whatever, it was still a blast and the bruschetta were delicious. I will definitely come back. Many times.
2	It's ok. But too fucking noisy, I can't even hear myself think in this place. The food? It's ok? Nothing Special. It's just one of those PHX places to be seen and have your car valeted so you look awesome! Typical douchebag crowd with some semi normal peeps mixed in. I find most of what these owners do very similar and attract the same douchebag crowd. Not sure if there is a place anymore in phx that is not hipster or douchebagville! This place although is jus OK in book. I would go there if friends wanted to but would make another suggestion if I could.
4	Great little place for a glass of wine.  Everyone was very friendly and service was pretty good even though we were there on a Sat. night.  They were very busy but we managed to be seated right away.  We ordered the anti pasta tray and some bruschetta and they were really good.  It is a little noisy and a little dark but it was enjoyable anyway.  We will revisit for sure but I think we will pick a little less hectic time.
5	I absolutely love the bruschetta here.  Whenever I go, that's all I get.  I usually make it my meal.  I've taken out-of-town guests here a few times and they've all loved it.  Plus I like the laid back ambiance.  Its a great place to just hang out and have a glass of wine as well.  The only bad part about it is that its so popular the wait is usually pretty long
4	Love it here, very hip and service is excellent!
5	BEST wine cafe in Phoenix! No exaggeration. Their 11am-5pm happy hour everyday is unbeatable. Their wine selection is great and if you don't like something, they take it back and help try and suggest something that might be better. The Bruschetta is damn good too. Jenny is the server I always try to get because she is so damn sweet! There is no place like Postino Central.
5	Short and sweet.  1st time to Postino Central and LOVE the bruschetta!  OMG it's all good.  I might come back very soon and order some "to go".Just a thought ... noise level is high.  NOT a place for children.  People were enjoying happy hour and It's very loud in there and someone had a tiny little baby.  Take that baby home and put it to bed.  I'm sure it was crying because it's ears hurt.  (My ears hurt listening to the baby cry.)
3	Food and wine were great as always, but the service left something to be desired. We were greeted and served quickly, but then our wine and water ran out and no one checked on us or removed the dishes. When we did finally get a chance to order more wine the server ran off without asking what we wanted. I guess she assumed we wanted to stick with the wine we started with, but we didn't. Dishes were not very clean. All around disappointing trip this time.
4	this place is yummy! love the food and sandwich. we don't have any place like this in L.A. must try if your from out of town
5	This place is amazing.  Best bruschetta in town, i had the chicken and mozz it was awesome.  on the bruschetta i recomend prosciutto brie and figs, artichoke, and the tomato and fresh mozz but you really cant miss no matter what you get.  i can not get emough of this place.
5	Last night, I went on a date and was taken to Postino Central. I think I'm going to marry him just for his taste in food and wine :)To begin, the hostess let us know it would be a 30 minute wait. She took our name down and obviously heard me whining to him about how hungry I was... so she came back about 10 minutes later and seated us. That was incredibly sweet of her and I knew the customer service would be awesome.So, the waitress tells us the special was bruschetta and a bottle of wine... for $20. I couldn't believe what she was saying. $20... for an entire bottle of wine AND four different selections of bruschetta? Is this real life? Yes, yes it was... and I was in heaven. We ordered salmon, tomato & mozzarella, artichoke, and white bean (which turned out to be hummus, yay!) and I feel those are the top four in my book. We also ordered the Pinot Grigio and it was a perfect combination. For dessert, he ordered an espresso ice cream and I ordered the chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream... both to die for. Then the bill came, and it was less than $35 altogether. So, I was a cheap date and happy to be so for this place! I can't wait to go back - 10 stars if I could!
4	Postino's Arcadia is better. For one they offer Sangria on Sundays. Ultimately though I love the bruschetta they offer at both and if I'm in need of a quick fix I know where I can go. Postino's is one of the quintessential Phoenix restaurants that everyone should try.
4	I love their bruschetta!! It's amazing! Such a great atmosphere & they have an awesome happy hour deal $5 a glass!
4	I came to this location on a Tuesday for a Girl's Night Out.We enjoyed the Wine & Bruschetta Special where you have the choice of a bottle of house wine and four selections of bruschetta all for $20 after 8pm. Great Deal!!!I ended up splitting the bill with a girlfriend since neither of us could finish 4 bruschettas by ourselves. The food was good, a little bit on the salty side, but it had flavor and great presentation. The service was excellent and the staff really makes sure their customers are satisfied. The atmosphere was sort of a mix between an underground hangout meets a trendy italian restaurant. The culture was very hip, making for a great environment for good food, and good coversation with a group of friends. I would definitely reccommend this spot to anyone looking for something a little different and unique the next time they decide to go out and eat.I know I'll be returning some time soon.
4	Came here on Sunday morning/afternoon for brunch with my sisters. My first complaint was that the vallet boys were kind of pushy. The paring lot is so damn small and it's not necessary to vallet. Plus they rolled down both my windows... my passenger side window is broken and doesn't roll back up. So naturally I didn't tip him because I knew I'd be driving around Phoenix for days with my window stuck down.Anyway! Love the atmosphere and the live band, I mean, come on. ho has a live band at a Sunday brunch, that's awesome! The wait staff seemed a bit hungover or tired or just disinterested because our waitress wasn't the most pleasant woman I'v ever met. None the less, the food was unbelievable. Second compliment (I know my reviews seems to have a lot of complaints but I'm rating them high because the food is bomb) was that our waitress was quite displeased to have to split the check and Postinos jacks up the gratuity and then splits it evenly. So even if you ordered a small plate SOMEHOW you end up paying the same amount as the person who ordered the smoked salmon. That was kind of annoying.
5	Back when this place was Katz's Deli, I looked at the grungy, pallid walls, the worn vinyl booths, and the dreadful florescent lighting and thought to myself: "Wow, this place would look better gutted". And yes, yes it does.Nice brunch menu that's priced surprisingly well, comfortable atmosphere (and really nice booths), good coffee and service with a smile. New favorite.
5	Great wine and beer selection and you can't beat the $20 bottle and bruschetta deal on Tuesdays after 8pm. Always a solid choice if you can find a table! Get there early!
2	I have two thoughts on what to write for a review so here are both and you can take your pick.Dear Mr. and Mrs. Postinto,We regret to inform you that we would like our menu back.Sincerely,2007orStale bread - YES Please!
4	Wine and bruschetta specials on Monday and Tuesday rock!  Love this place! Great place for happy hour or to meet up with the gals....great for a date also!
4	We tried a sample of Postino's bruschetta at the Local First Fall Fair in 2011 and desperately wanted to try it again. Luckily, when you sign up for their newsletter, you receive a coupon for a free bruschetta appetizer. My husband and I immediately drove downtown. First, the parking was pretty bad. I know, its downtown and the parking is bad everywhere! (If only we lived closer, we could bike.) Second, the patio is awesome looking, but so packed we had to sit inside. Luckily, the inside is nice - it's trendy and hip. We sat at the bar inside and pondered over the menu. I saw other folks enjoying wine, so I wanted to be just as cool and ordered a rose. (It was good, but let's face it, I'm more of a cocktail girl.)Now, when you order bruschetta, you can get up to four different types. We got the Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Warm Artichoke Spread, and Smoked Salmon with Pesto. We also ordered the warm artichoke dip and white bean hummus. With both the dip and the bruschetta with warm artichoke, it was a little too much. Everything was really tasty, but definitely too much of a good thing. Overall, this is a really good place to get some appetizers and we'll have to come back to try dinner and dessert. Can't wait!
5	Good. Young. Professional. Go on a Tuesday.
5	This is the place to go if you're in Phoenix. It's pretty hard for me to shell out $12 for a glass of wine, so I try to only go during happy hour. The vegetarian sandwich is pretty cray. I was unimpressed by the description of its contents, but wow'd when I actually tried it.
4	Been here a few times to enjoy wine with some friends. This location is a better crowd that I choose to be around than the Arcadia location. Not as many DBs in my opinion. This location has a good mix of peeps.Always enjoyed the bruschetta at the Arcadia location. Nothing has changed. But never knew about the wine and bruschetta specials on Monday and Tuesday! Was there in a Tuesday and it was packed! Luckily my group was there to get the seats and walked right on in and getting my Valet on. Service was on point and even though they were packed.All I have to say is I do not care who you are, you will love this wine and bruschetta special! Get here!
4	I have been to this postinos several times and havent written a review yet. Will try to sum up all my experiences here in one review :p First off, the place is excellent as the ratings suggest it to be the #2 restaurant on yelp in PHX (behind Postinos Arcadia). The biggest attraction for this place is of course the "$20 for a bruschetta board and any wine bottle" on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8pm. Make sure you get there by 7 atleast on these days, bcs finding a table is like hell here. Negative points for the long wait. Each Bruschetta board comes with 4 of your choice. Since I am a vegetarian my favs are Ricotta With dates & pistachios, Fresh Mozzarella With tomato & basil, White Bean With chopped tomato, Roasted Peppers With goat cheese, Chopped TomatoWith pesto, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese. In addition I also love the vegetarian panini. Their wine collection is ok as well. Not too many beers on taps but I love the cut-throat pitcher. The staff is friendly for most part, had great experiences on most days I was there, except ofcourse when I encounter sacastic bartenders. Like I always say, you cannot be sarcastic and be a good server in my dictionary, need to know when not to cross the line. I wll keep going here anyways for the lovely food and since we just got a biggg gift card for ourselevs :)
4	Interesting food and great happy hour specials!  The paninis are fantastic and they really do have some good wine and beer to chose from
5	I love this place. The days that I go are during lunch hour, so I haven't had a bad experience yet. The servers there are quite helpful and extremely funny. The food is very delicious. I really liked their Mediterranean salad, the nine iron panini, the cheese board, the cucumber honey lemonade drink and arnold palmer.
4	I love relaxing with a glass of wine here.  Their variety of bruschetta is amazing.  I'm not a huge fan of tomatoes and peppers but I enjoyed their roasted red pepper bruschetta and the standard tomato bruschetta.  The fig jelly and bree bruschetta was the best.
4	Great Place. I always sit at the bar and the Bartenders are sooo awesome!! Tuesday are always super busy but fun!
5	Bruschetta board, wine, paninis, salads, you can do no wrong at Postinos.
5	I love this place...especially for chain-restaurant-heavy Phoenix. It is a great place to meet up with friends to catch up and have some bites to eat with wine. I loved the modern, open-air atmosphere. I live in Chicago, so this place felt right at home. A bit hipster-ish, but that's OK. We ordered plates with salami, proscuitto, cheese, olives & another with pretzels, chorizo, roasted corn, cheese. We also order some bruschetta. I tried the fig, proscuitto & mascarpone...delicious. I'm a big fan of this combination. I also tried fresh mozarella with tomato & basil. Well done on all fronts. Service - excellent. Our server arrived when needed and was not intrusive. I would highly recommend this place for a night out.Oh, and free valet...bonus! But don't forget to tip.
5	I loved this place. The food was good. I went here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday at dinner time and it was an ideal place for celebration. We tried some soup, sandwich, and bruschetta, all of which was really delicious and we had a lot of leftovers because of the generous portions. The waiter came by frequently. The restaurant is located along Central, but its location is so close to a residential area that it feels to me to be more of a neighborhood hangout place and less of a huge Central Ave attraction. I will be coming again!
5	Love this place.  The atmosphere is cool, the food is fantastic, the beer specials are awesome, and the service is excellent!
3	Great food. Horrible grunge rock music at lunchtime. Loud and jarring. Why? Who makes these choices? I get the tatted hip wait staff ethos, but at lunchtime in broad daylight the music is just wrong.
5	Really enjoyed it here. It's an upscale casual restaurant with a fun environment. I got the vegetarian panini without the artichoke spread which made it vegan. It was really good.
5	I can not count the times I have been here! Happy hour, dinner, Brunch... everything is fantastic! The staff is so great, and always filling up my wine glass.  The atmosphere here is really cool and low key. They have soups, salads and sandwiches which are all reasonably priced. You absolutely must get the bruchetta. The goat's cheese and roasted red pepper is the best.  Overall, an amazing (my favorite) place in Central Phoenix!
5	What can I say? The reviews speak for themselves. Can't get enough of this place!
4	Great place to go, especially when you have friends in town.  Food is great and simple.  Appetizers are a little better than the entrees but after a few glasses of wine you really won't care.  Nice and nice looking staff haha.
5	Everything about this place is great. I am never disappointed and I always leave in a great mood!I LOVE the warm artichoke bruschetta, the roasted red pepper and goat cheese, the salmon and the apple/fig/brie. The Sangiovese never disappoints.Ahhhh this is a little slice of my own personal heaven here in Phoneix.
5	I can't wait to go back again.  My Sister and I came in for a late lunch, and we really enjoyed everything.  I had the cucumber honey lemonade and it was so delicious.  We shared the pub board with pretzels, mustard, sausage, cheese, and pickles.  Oh man, it was so good. The pretzel was amazing, really really amazing and the mustard was soooooo freakin good.  I had bruchetta (fig, marscapone, prosciutto; burrata, bacon, argula; caprese; and goat cheese roasted red pepper) and they were each amazing, I almost couldn't decide on a favorite.  I spread a little mustard on the goat cheese red pepper one and it was great!! I tried my Sister's sandwich and salad, she had the nine iron and it was one of the best panini's ever!! The salad was sooo good and cheesy and yummy with the pine nuts!!  We loved it all!!
5	Postino is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  Their bruschetta board never disappoints.  Sunday brunch is my favorite time to go for the BELT sandwich.  Bacon, egg, lettuce and tomato.  It is to die for.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.  The location is great, the ambience is comfortable, yet classy.
5	I've lived East Coast, West Coast, Europe, Asia....suffice it to say I have a wide range of eating experience and Postinos is one of my all-time favorites. It reminds me of an open-air Spanish tapas bar with a Cali twist. Every year that I come to town for Spring Training, I make a beeline for Postinos and breathe a sigh of elation as my vacation begins with the first clink of my Bellini filled glass to the lucky individual I have decided to share this amazing experience with. I can now say I have tried almost every bruschetta combination (there were 11 at last count) and j'adore the prosciutto as well as the white bean. Soup of the moment makes me wish the moment would never end (corn chowder, rave reviews).  Panini sandwiches - whenever I can bear to part with my bruschetta these really are amazing sandwiches with unique flavor combinations. Tip: don't be afraid to try something that sounds scary or really odd as a flavor combo. The combinations that I was thinking sounded the worst ended up being my favorites!!
4	Fast. Delicious. Light. Booze. AND free valet parking. I rarely get cravings to eat at a particular place but every now and then I need me some bruschetta and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I always have a good time at Postino Central and would never feel apprehensive about bringing even the most finicky pal to mow down here.
5	Yummy!  My friends catered in some postino central for my bridal shower and I've been with a girlfriend as well.  I absolutely loved it!  The wine selection is great and the food is amazing!  I will happily go back hundred of times!
5	I'm in love. Everything you've heard is true. It's that good. They nailed it in the ambiance department. Candles cast a sexy glow at your table and through out the restaurant.We had a large party of 15 so we ordered tons of bruschetta and passed it around the table and a couple (or 7)  bottles of wine - service was fantastic and everyone was very happy. Can't wait to go back! Oh, the FREE VALLET is a super bonus!!
5	My favorite so far of Phoenix.  I can't rave enough about this place.  The wine and bruschetta is the major draw and there's something for everyone.  I have yet to have a bad suggested paring.  The apple/fig/brie and artichoke are my fav. Hands down.The dinners are almost an after thoughts, and usually by the time I finish my first glass and split an order of bruschetta, I can't finish it anyways, so expect to ask for a to go bag if your order anything more than a cup of soup.It gets busy, so be prepared for a wait on the weekends, but once you get in, the service is quick and attentive.
5	We met friends here for drinks on a Saturday night after a friend recommended this place and we saw the fabulous reviews. It did not disappoint. Service was fast, friendly, and knowledgeable. My husband asked for a beer recommendation based on other beers he likes and the server made a great suggestion that he ended up loving. I had the sparkling sauvignon blanc which to me tasted like overpriced champagne. Our friend ordered the only Riesling on the menu and really enjoyed it. The server was kind enough to let us order a pb&j from the kids menu, and it came with a generous portion of apple slices, grapes, and potato chips. I liked the ambience and decorations. Our friend thought the music was a little sleepy but there were at least a few songs that I really liked. I'd like to go back for lunch sometime since they have a nice selection of salads and paninis and $5 glasses of wine before 5pm.
5	Girls night out??? YES!! This is the place!! a romantic dinner with your hubby, friend, date, whoever, YES! this is the place!! I love all the food here, but the bruchetta is the best! I can't really decide which one is my favorite, I like them all. Of course, Tuesday nights are the best because of the $20.00 special for a bruchetta and a bottle of wine, the wait is looooong, but hey! do what my friends I do, get your bottle of wine while you wait in the parking lot, by the time your table is ready (3 bottles later) LIFE IS GOOD! =) All the paninis and salads are awesome! The service is good. Price? Honey, you get what you pay! =) and you do not have to drive all the way to Scottsdale to get so.
5	This place is amazing. Great, friendly service which is the most important in my eyes. The food is fantastic. Their bruschetta board is so delicious. So many different ones to choose from and they are all great! I've also shared a sandwich with someone and that was amazing as well. Great selection of beers on tap. My little shih tzu is always welcome too with their dog friendly back porch. Great ambiance. They only downside is the parking situation when they are busy.
4	The feel of this place is great and their variety and quality of bruschetta is even better. Great place to roll into with your lady for a light meal and to enjoy each others company. Best to sit outside and in the spring and fall seasons.
4	Recently met up with friends on a Saturday afternoon for mimosas and $5 wines. I had not been to this location! Postino Arcadia is my hang out. Gotta say.. I like this one as much! Well, minus the valet dealio. But really there is not much space to do much with. I am such a fan of Postino bruschettas..I raved about them to my boyfriend for months before I got him in here on this particular Saturday. So, instead of him letting me shine my bruschetta knowledge on him..somehow he tells the waiter he wants a mix up and before I could intervene.. the waiter is off and brings us a variety of bruschetta he chose. NOT what I would have chose. But okay. Sometimes I like to be controlling. I am working on that;-) We gobbled that one board down.. and we order another.. Always my favs, of course, (there's that Postino bruschetta knowledge and control thing again!), salami pesto; tomato jam/sheeps milk cheese;roasted peppers/goat cheese; proscuitto/fig/mascarpone cheese.. yum. I wish that Postino would let the customers fill out a card though on 'ideas' for bruschettas. I'd love to see a hot jam with a goat cheese. Or a pancetta and sharper cheese like a french salut or even a sheep's milk cheese. I am never, ever disappointed with Postino. Not.Ever. Great salads. Paninis. Adore the cheese board. Love the $5 wine hours on the daily and the mimosas too. Now I have my boyfriend loving it and thankfully, there are enough brews on tap that he likes should it not be a wine day for him.
5	Please come to Sacramento!!! Seriously, please come.  This restaurant would do especially well in midtown.  I will even help you find a good location.Love the ambiance!! Great patio and service!!  My friend and I waited at the bar until a table was available.  The bartender immediately greeted us and was friendly.  I tried the honey cucumber lemonade. It was so good and refreshing.  My friend and I decided to share some bruschetta.  We chose the brie and apples with fig spread, fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil, salmon with pesto, and prosciutto with figs.  A-MAZING!!!  All of the ingredients were fresh and very tasty.  I don't think I have ever had anything like it before.  Once we got a table my friend and I decided to proceed to dessert.  We tried the salted carmel sundae.  It was a perfect combination of sweet and salty.The only down side of Postino is the parking.  It's terrible, but thankfully there is free valet available.
5	I finally made it.  What a great place to have dinner with family or friends.  We enjoyed everything and so will you.  Let me make it real simple order anything with fig.  All the bruschettas with fig were excellent.  Also the Panini is excellent, again fig in it, you can't go wrong.  Prosciutto with Brie was a hit at our table.Last recommendation? Go from the hours 11am to 5pm 7 days a week...Pitcher of beer $5.  Thats a steal paired with great food.If you don't like beer?, Go Monday and Tuesday night after 8pm for a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.  If I was going to move out of Arizona this is going to be one of my last places to dine.  That has to be one of my highest recommendations.
5	YES! This place is phenomenal -- hip, trendy and just fun! Went here recently for a girls' night on Tuesday to take advantage of their screamin' deal: $20 for a whole bottle of wine and 4 (4!) bruschettas. I'd never had wine here before, so honestly I was expecting the wine to be sub-par, especially for such a great deal. I could not have been more wrong! Our server (forget her name, but she had short blonde hair) was excellent for the following reasons: had the firepits turned on for us since it was a tad windy/cold out that night, patient when a few of us took a few extra seconds making up our minds about what to order, and last but not least: recommended a wine that matched my EXACT taste/description. Being from Northern CA I've gone to Napa/Sonoma/Healdsburg, etc tons of times and while I'm not a huge wine connoisseur, you sort of figure out over time what good wine is and what isn't. The wine here was great and high quality!! The bruschetta was also plated nicely, served on a wooden board in decent portions...and were SO tasty! The atmosphere was super-cool -- any place that's packed you know is going to be great and this place was no exception! When a place is as good as this, everyone there is in a great mood so it makes for a cool opportunity to chat it up with your fellow patrons. Even the bathrooms there are awesome! Candle-lit and hip. Parking is super-easy with the free valet! I love giving credit where it's due: great job POSTINO!! You guys got it right. :D
4	LOVE this place.The atmosphere is so adorable.I would HIGHLY recommend it for a girls night out, a date, maybe rent it out or see what they can do for an engagement party or rehearsal dinner.  It's just such a cool little place, with lots of delicious wine and food options.I would also HIGHLY recommend making a reservation because it can get packed, and the wait can be in excess of an hour... easily.Valet is available, or about twelve spots on the street.
5	Didn't come here to drink the beer or wine, but came for the bruschetta...It was amazing. They have a list of a bunch of different styles and you get 4 per order.We tried the:1. Brie and Apple2. Bacon3. Smoked Salmon4. ProscuitoThey were all amazing, best bruschetta ever.
5	The bruschetta here is to die for!  Every type is delicious.  Pair it with a great wine and you've got an excellent date night :)
2	1 Star for the cute "snooty" girl with the side ponytail who seated us.  2 stars for the waiter who sort of took our order.   5 stars for the roaming waitress who noticed we were out of water after waiter and ponytail girl left us hanging for quite awhile.  The food was okay but not worth the uppity overall attitude...the restaurant itself is very cool...too bad they screwed it up with idiot staff!
5	Three years later and I'm still a regular. Can't imagine why. :)I have to admit I stick to the day time outings here even though the Monday/Tuesday $20 bruschetta & wine can't be beat. I felt the need to update this as there's been a little bit of turnover since I last posted but the great thing is, service hasn't depreciated whatsoever. Bryan, Lindsay and Topher are my favorites as they're always attentive and nice without being aggressive or fake. Touche, Postino, for keeping your service and overall experience quality.
4	I enjoy every experience that I have at Postino.  Their happy hour is pretty decent, not that they are expensive in the first place.  I pretty much order the same thing every time I go.  The bruschetta is a must every time.  Anything with fig is a must.  Also, the paninis are delicious. Service was just fine, nothing to rave about.
4	I wish I didn't have to work so early in the morning, because I would be here weekly to enjoy their amazing Wine & Bruschetta $20 deal.  When you come at another time, it's still a great patio, quick and easy valet parking, good service, good food, and good drinks.
4	I've loved Postino for years. Five-star bruschetta, great sandwich/salad combos, and great deals on wine that I love (Monday and Tuesday bottle specials, $5 glasses before 5pm everyday)However, I was really disappointed last week when I ordered a salad.  The rest of my group had ordered half salads, adn they were almost as big as the full salad.   I went hungry, and had to get donations from the rest of my group.   I go to Postino's a lot, and this seemed visibly different.  However, when I asked the waiters they insisted that it was the same as always.  I don't think that's the case...
5	After "hearing" everybody here on Yelp rave about this place, me and my hubby had to schedule a date night, and have a our friend babysit for us, so we could enjoy some bruschetta.We were not disappointed, we chose the Central location versus the Arcadia location only because we were on a tight schedule, and it's closer to home. The day we went there it was cold and rainy, inside it was packed, and the outside patio too. They had a waiting time of about 45 minutes, at first we thought, maybe we should come back another day, and were going to go to our usual date-night dinner fare, sushi, at Hana, just down the street... but we persevered, and waited! It paid off, we were called after just 20 minutes of waiting, and were seated at a little table by the wines.The atmosphere was very pleasant, not too loud, although there was a bunch of people at the bar, but I knew they were not there just for the beer, everybody had a bruschetta in front of them!!We ordered some Mimosa and a Bellini, the Cheese Board $14, and the Bruschetta... oh! the Bruschetta! $13.75 for a selection of 4 different types, we ordered the Smoked Salmon Pesto, Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios, and the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone.Everything was delicious!! I wanted to talk my husband into order another round of 4 just to try different ones, but unfortunately, we were too full! The service was excellent, and our visit was really enjoyable.We will be going back there soon!!
5	AMAZING! My fiance and I have been regulars for 3 years now. Great food and drinks we crave all the time! I noticed its says there is no wi fi but there is we bring our ipad up all the time. They have the best Happy Hour specials and service! Love, love, love this place!!
5	really enjoyed the atmosphere here and loved the food!
5	Postino for a leisurely lunch or a light dinner. Count on delicious sandwiches, salads, and sharable, wine-friendly appetizers. The bruschetta -- served on a cute wooden cutting board, with toppings like salami with pesto or brie with apples -- is so good you'll want to make a meal out of it.
5	what can I say that hasn't already been said... Yumgasmic!
5	Postino is amazing!!Monday and Tuesday nights are the best time, and only time, I really ever go there but their bruschetta deal is fabulous!! You get any bottle of wine plus a huge bruschetta plate for $20!! Can't beat that!! And if you want to go for another bottle of wine, just get another bruschetta board to go! Love to sit and dine on the patio with good friends and good wine :)
5	Love, love, love!  Great Monday night bottle and board deal:)
3	Ok I love the food here, but the service does need some work.  Maybe I went on an off night, but the service was terrible.  We chose the outdoor seating, it was after 930 on a Saturday, and I noted the lower amount of staff.  I can say a lower amount of customers as well however.So my review is totally based on service, I would give it a 2 star, but the food is that good that I would come back; to Arcadia next time, since I still have the sour taste from poor service from this location.  The waitress did give me a box to take home what I did not eat, took my card to ring me up and never came back.  We finished our pitcher of beer, then we finished our waters and finally I could not wait another 10 minutes.  We waited 10 minutes after the waitress picked up the check and card.  When I got up and asked for my check, they handed me someone else's tab???Then I explained that they had my bill and card already??  So looking down and the table it was under all the these other tabs, like a disorganized table of bills and little clip boards?  Wow, even another employee asked my waitress if she helped another table yet at this point.  I could see the worry in his face.... To sum it up a customer should never have to get up and go look for a credit card after 10 minutes.  I was never rang up and basically my table was forgotten.  Maybe the waitress thought I was enjoying the outdoor seating at 11:30 at night, but at the end of the day I am not looking for an explanation.  I can only tell you that it has been a long time since I have received such poor service from a restaurant.  Next time I visit Arizona I am steering clear of this location for sure.  I might have to drive to Arcadia just to have a great experience of food and service.
3	A fun, trendy place to go - just make sure you have reservations or go at a non-busy time. It's not terribly fun if you have to wait. The food & casually hip ambiance are definitely the reason that people come here. I have tried the bruschetta, the salad, and several appetizers. All are very high quality and well-plated. The cucumber honey lemonade is mouth-puckering yet refreshing and divine. I like the fact that this a local establishment and when you spend here, your dollars stay local.However, I have never been blown away, or, for that matter, even mildly impressed by their service. The hostess in front rarely smiles. The waiters are curt and to-the-point. We are always seated wedged into the corner by the wine racks, which leaves me feeling a bit cramped and awkward. On our last visit, the bus-boy (more like a bus-man, with a large beard and a ponytail), was actually reaching across our plates to rearrange the salt and pepper shakers WHILE we were eating. Not cool. Get a better bus boy, Postino's, and smile more!
5	I love Postino. I live a few blocks away from the Arcadia location but go to Central probably one out of every four times. My boyfriend lives downtown and it's more convenient sometimes. I've grown to enjoy this location slightly more than Arcadia due to the airy atmosphere and large, open bar area. Don't get me wrong--I still love Arcadia very much.Like everyone else, I love the bruschetta, but I tend to come for brunch more often now. The french toast is probably my favorite menu item. I admit that I might indulge in a glass of wine before the clock strikes noon. Usually, it's a Mimosa for me, though. Here, they are made the way they should be (more champagne than orange).   ;-) Yay for Postino.  :-)
5	My favorite wine bar in all of Phoenix!!! I recommend to everyone and am going again on Tuesday--- at least go here once a month!
4	Great food, not overly priced. Good beer & wine selection. I recommend for lunch or a light dinner. Killer special on Mon. & Tuesdays.
4	LOVE Postino. The deal on Monday & Tuesdays is unbeatable. $20 for a bottle of wine + bruschetta? Sign. Me. Up. There's typically a wait, but you can enjoy the special while you're waiting too!
5	I went here the other night with my girlfriends for a girl's night out... and boy, was this the right place to go! It was $20 for a bottle of wine and 4 different types of bruschetta... all which were delicious! I didn't think they'd have many vegetarian versions, but they had a bunch! And they were ALL spectacular! You'd think that you wouldn't get a good wine with a deal like that, but the riesling was perfect!My mom is coming to town this week, and this is one of the first places we'll be going!
5	Loved it!!!!!! We love all the Upward projects restaurants......... Fabulous service. Fun place. Intimate. Great food Great wine
5	me before- really...all they serve is bread with weird stuff on it...??me after- "omg that was amazing! we need to make this our spot"
5	One of our favorite hotspots! We have enjoyed every experience we've had at Postino's. The atmosphere, food and service are always wonderful!  It is busy but everyone is always upbeat and friendly.  Great neighborhood hangout!!!
5	I went here last weekend with my girlfriend after discovering Postino on the Whistl app for iPhone. We saw the deal for a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20 and just couldn't pass it up.The restaurant was beautiful on the inside, and had a very cool, semi-secluded outdoor patio that made you feel like you weren't even in the city!We go the Salami with Pesto, the Burrata Bacon, Arugula & Tomato, the Smoked Salmon with Pesto, and the Warm Artichoke Spread. Every one of the them was absolutely delicious. My favorites were the Burrata and Bacon, as well as the Smoked Salmon. The bacon was thick, not burnt or too crispy. The tomato and burrata complimented the smokiness of the bacon very well. The smoked salmon was extremely fresh, it reminded of growing up on lox and bagels. It was the kind of thing you could eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The other two we're also great. The salami looked like artisan meat, not just something you get at the store. From what we've heard, their Butcher's Block (meats and cheese) sounded amazing, and looked delicious, too. The Warm Artichoke Spread was everything that you'd expect. Not too creamy, like some restaurants make, it was perfect. We cannot recommend this place enough, and we can't wait to try the rest of the bruschetta's!If you're foodies like us, make sure to check out the Whistl app for iPhone! We've been using it regularly and have found so many new great places!!Happy Eatings Everyone!
2	I went to Postino Central last night, the food and wine were de-lish, the service was terrible. The hostess who greeted us was very friendly and professional. After that, it really went downhill from there. Disclaimer: it was a very slow night; the restaurant was half-empty.Part I: The first waiter promised to bring an extra side of brie since we were skimped a little on the fruit and cheese board. He stopped by a few times saying he'd do it (each about 20 minutes apart) and then finished his shift and left without letting us know. So we actually had no idea that we were server-less until we finally stopped to ask someone else.Part II: The new server who took over was really nice, but kept disappearing. Half an hour after ordering a dessert he let us know he forgot to put it in. He was really polite about it and took it off our tab, but one of the other servers mentioned, "I thought you said you were full anyway". It was a little snarky and just made us a little more irritated about waiting for two desserts for 35 minutes.Parking at this location isn't very convenient. I had to valet my car and then the valets wanted to take off for the night so they said they'd just give us our keys back. I felt obligated so I tipped them, but it left a weird taste in my mouth.I was disappointed because I've heard such amazing things about Postino and it just seemed like the staff really didn't care about helping us. Maybe it was just an off night, it was slow and Thursdays are pretty hit-or-miss at most businesses. Either way I'm not in a rush to head back there. Aside from the initial hostess who sat us, the servers seemed a little fake; like they were just trying to get through the shift with tips, but didn't genuinely care at all about our experience. Saying they'd help, they'd be right back and then disappearing for twenty minutes, (or in the first server's case; forever). At the prices they charge, it's just not worth it.
5	I am alllllll 'bout that Bruschetta life. They have the best from what i've tried so far. Also at such a good price for the amount you get. I've also tried the Bruschetta at La Bocca on Mill ave, but it's definitely not on the same level as Postinos. If anyone has any other suggestions, let a broad know!!!!
5	Great customer service here!! We were treated wonderful and the food was delicious.  Will be back for sure.
4	Had to write another review for this place just to make sure to keep it current and honest. Went here with my mom this past week because I loved this place so much before. At first, we went over to the Arcadia location (closer to where I live), but it seemed much snootier than the Central location, so we drove an extra couple of minutes to get there. Again, the food was spectacular. This time, though, we had an amazing waitress who made the whole experience an absolute blast. Recommendation: Call ahead by about half an hour so you don't have to deal with the outrageous wait.
5	Postino, I love you.  I love absolutely everything about you.  My biggest concern is the anxiety I get when it comes time to order.  There are SO many things on the menu that I love, and I'm trying to maintain a girlish figure, so I can't order everything.  My absolute favorite lunch is the prosciutto/fig/brie sandwich on ciabatta with the mixed greens salad.  The fried shallots, pear, candied nuts, and grapes make it an unforgettable dish, and the salty-sweet combo in the sandwich is perfection.  Their lemonade is the best in town, and it is a steal when you factor in the free refills.  Of course, their wine list is extensive and amazing... but I just can't seem to give up my lemonade! The service is always good.  Unobtrusive, knowledgeable, and friendly... plus a little hipster (but not TOO much).  It is always on my most-recommended list to friends and visitors.  Their consistency and quality are always spot-on.  If you haven't been, then get yourself there pronto!
4	I've been to both Central and East Postino. My husband and I love going to Postino East for date nights since I can be foodie and order the brucschetta and butcher's boards to share. Plenty of food for the both of us to eat and we are full of wine and beer (for my husband) and some yummy food.  It's always kind of crowded and loud but we still love going to see the crowds of people who gather in downtown gilbert for some wine and good food.
5	This was the absolute epitome of perfect date night spot! We heard about it from a good friend, and boy was she right! Get the bruscetta to share ($14) and it's a meal! You absolutely MUST have the brie, apple, and fig sauce bruscetta! You will literally be licking the board, it is just so delicious! I am not usually one for wine bars (I don't drink wine, but my boyfriend does) and the wine was almost expensive per glass as the food, but he said it was worth it. If you are prepared to spend $9+ a glass, then it's worth every cent. It's not much from the outside, which actually almost deterred us, but don't turn back! It's dark and romantic, but also edgy and hipster-ish. They have $20 bruscetta and bottle of wine nights on Monday and Tuesday after close, and I cannot wait to go back. I live in Mesa, but it's worth the drive all the way to Phoenix!
5	I love this place, it's one of my favs in our Central Phx neighborhood...the atmosphere, wine, music, bruschetta board and friendly service are great! One thing I really love about this place is that it is a strong mix of a DIVERSE crowd with a friendly vibe. I myself, a mature gal can feel comfortable and have a nice time here.
5	This may just be my favorite restaurant. The vibe is just  cool, the wine is superb and the food is perfect. Nothing fancy, but the sandwiches, salads and bruschettas are out of this world good. I mean, who needs anything else?
5	Prices are reasonable, the wine is great, and the servers always have an on-point recommendation. They also have a great deal on Tuesdays called Board and Bottle night. It's tough to get a table, but that does more to confirm my high rating of the place than conflict with it.It's a great place for a happy hour or a friendly brunch, or whatever. It's just a good place to spend time :)
3	We called in an order for pick up and when I went inside to pick up our order, I paid the bill with the cashier, but then she told me my order would be up in a few minutes. At the time, I noticed several "to go" orders placed behind the bar so, after ten minutes, I asked another waitress if one happened to be mine. She went and looked and indeed it was my order. It was frustrating because I had my wife and two young girls waiting outside in the car needlessly. :(
4	I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I am giving 4 stars. I am giving it four stars only because for some reason every time I go here the food just doesn't seem as fresh as the other Postinos. Also, parking is a nightmare and you are literally forced to valet. If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a try of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!
5	Hands down the BEST wine bar in Phoenix! Let's talk about this. The menu has enough variety to satisfy everyone, food is always fresh, and I love the rotating beer and wine menu. I always try a taste of Brent's latest pick of vino. If you haven't heard about the famous $20 special on Monday and Tuesday nights, you must come down and try it for yourself. These folks really know their wine and bruschetta. What about dessert? You haven't really had an affogato before until you've had a Postino affogato. And the chocolate bouchon? AH-MA-ZING! Have you popped in for brunch lately? I go nuts for the Farm Scramble; they know just how to roast Yukon Gold potatoes and it's always just the right blend of gruyere and white cheddar. Yum! Treat yourself to the triple cream brie and walnut toast; you'll be pleased with the berry preserve that tastes oh-so-truly housemade. The servers here know their wine and treat you with platinum service. Seriously. I feel like I am being waited on hand and foot when I come here. I see my water glass refilled before I can even ask, my wine bottle never stops pouring and they beat me to it whenever I feel like I need a second helping of well..anything. No wonder this is such a spot for first dates - if you want to make a good impression or really just make sure your guests have a good time, this is the place where you'll surely be taken care of.
4	The food here is awesome. I really like the bruscetta and the prosciutto/fig sandwich. The raspberry salad is also delicious.Drinks are a bit pricey unless you come during the happy hour. The happy hour is $5 for a glass of wine. There is an outdoor seating area as well as inside the restaurant. The music can be really loud inside during dinner, but it wasn't bad during lunch.
5	The manager contacted me about the review below. He was Very understanding and easy to talk to. We discussed what my wife and I had experienced and he informed me that they have already taken steps to resolve these issues.  He also mentioned that the Hostess was new and was giving out higher wait times than it really was. This makes sense because it looked busy, but not any busier than normal. (i.e. about 20-30 min wait, which is not long for such a great meal and dining experience.)So, i am moving my star rating up to a five!  Still great service. A one time anomaly, that is being resolved.thanks---------------------------------------Original Review---------------------------------------Need to talk to the Valets!When we arrived around 8 pm on Monday Aug 12, When we were pulling into the parking lot, we thought another car was going to ram into us. I had to slam on the brakes. As we pulled around to the Valet station, the person that almost ran into us, jumped out of the car behind us. It was a Valet. He took our car and sped off WAY too fast. We went in to get on the list (usually about a 20-30 minute wait) and we were told it was over 2 hours, so we decided to leave. The second Valet took our ticket and i mentioned to him (very nicely) that they might want to let people know that there was a two hour wait. he was very short with me and said something to the effect of he's been too bust to go check on the wait times.We watched while the two valets zipped the cars around all too fast. It was crazy. I understand how they run off to get your car, but they should NOT be driving any car like they were that night. management needs to watch what the Valets are doing and they need to let the valets know when the wait time gets long. If they were telling people "2+ hours", i bet most people would leave and that would free up the valets from parking the cars and then 10 minutes later having to go get them again. When we told the people that had just come out of their car that it was a 2 hour wait and they might want to grab the valet before he drove off (too late, he was gone)...They said to us, "2 hours?!? We'll we will just have him bring it back."We love Postino. We've never had this bad experience with the valets ever. we've never had a 2 hour wait and we do not fault them for being busy. We'll be back, but if this was our first experience we would never go back. That is why I gave 3 starts and not 1.
5	This past Tuesday I went to Postino with two of my girlfriends.  I have been here before and was eager to come back to try this place again.  Every Monday and Tuesday Postino will offer a special on their wine and bruschetta, starting at 8pm.  Make sure to get there early so you can put your name down on the list.  For only $20 you can get a bottle of wine and a board of bruschetta.  The board comes with four bruschetta and they are huge.  The service was amazing but parking can be an issue.  They have valet service so that does help with parking, and they only ask for a tip.  The servers will let you taste the wine before you jump into purchasing a whole bottle and they always have suggestions.  When I went the second time, the hostess forgot to come and seat us at a table.  We let the hostess know and without hesitation, she apologized and sat us immediately.  Not only did the hostess apologize but the servers and the manager also expressed how sorry they were.  We told them that we understood because it is a busy night (which is a good thing) and they have this special going on.  This place gets five stars all around for great service, ambiance, price and food.
4	Love this place.  Hard to get into sometimes, but not too bad of a wait.  Nice atmosphere.
4	good food, good wine, a little noisy. parking is a hassle, dimly lit bathrooms. All and all a fun place to go. A little bohemian chic.
5	One of my favorite spots in Phoenix. The service is always excellent, and the bruschetta is delicious! Some favorite bruschetta choices are Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese, and Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato. Happy hour offers $5 wines, although ends early at 5pm.
3	Met up with some of the girls for breakfast on Sunday and the place was jumping, as usual.  I want to say, up front, that this place was my absolute favorite for HH a couple of years ago....nice patio, tremendous service, and good wine.  I was there at least once a week with a variety of people BECAUSE of  the extra touches.  My last few experiences have ranged from lackluster to "meh" and I've decided it's because of the service and not the food.  This trip was no different...from the hostess who let me stand 2 feet in front of her for about a minute without acknowledging me, to the server who seemed not to feel well and had no real patience for our slowness in ordering.  It just looks like this team was not having a good time at work.  There were some notable exceptions; the bartender very pleasant and the young lady who took us to our table was nice as well.  I miss the smiling faces and the energy of folks who enjoy their jobs.I have no quibbles with the food at all....loves me some tomato jam bruschetta, the salmon plate, pickles, and a range of other tasty treats but brunch is also about ambiance and I expect so much more when I'm spending $100 for a table of four.  This neighborhood is filling up with good restaurants and what separates one from the rest is the general comfort and welcoming vibe.  I fervently hope that this location begins to value this very simple concept as the market becomes more competitive.So, how does Postino get to that 4th, or even 5th, star??Say Hi to me when I come in.  Smile at me and say "Be right with you".Swing by and ask how my food is.Don't tell me you "have" to be here.I can think of several other things but these are quick and don't cost anything.  Until then Postino, you aren't a destination for me.
3	Initially I went because of the reviews on here.Unfortunately it's not particularly special as its raved on here. I had the Bruschetta of course. But for the price, it wasn't extraordinary. The atmosphere is mildly fun and interesting. Go at night and try to go when it's cool outside and sit out, that would be your best experience there.
5	The service here never fails. Prompt and courteous followed by great libations and grub.
4	Only eaten here once, and I don't give five star ratings until I've at least sampled a good amount of the menu. That being said, what I DID eat was fantastic.Service seems to be the object of concentration in Postino Central reviews. My experience was about as good as it could get, short of having a hot male waiter. We had a reservation, so the wait was non-existent. I did notice three groups of people waiting... make reservations, people, if you wanna avoid a wait! The hostess and waiter were very friendly and attentive. The waiter was very knowledgeable and recommended some excellent wine pairings. We actually DIDN'T have the bruschetta, which I'm kind of regretting seeing how beloved it is (next time, Postino C., next time!), but the sandwich and soup combo I had was superb. I think it was the chicken with sun dried tomato pesto and corn chowder.Didn't have to deal with the valet since one of us had a relative who lived just up the street, so we parked there and enjoyed an evening stroll. Hey, it's good for digestion.
5	Postino I love you!I've been coming to Postino's for a few years now, I think it's about time I write a review. This is where my love of wine began to grow. Their wine list is not very long, in fact, it's on a half sheet of paper on a small clip board.. BUT don't let that fool you, their picks are usually quite delicious. Monday's and Tuesday's are holidays on my calendar because it's $20 bottle of wine and board of bruschetta night!! This makes me a happy girl!! It's a relaxed atmosphere, music level is just right, all you hear is people enjoying themselves. Service is excellent, waiters/waitresses know what they are talking about, and help each other out even if it's not their table. If you come on a busy night ($20 dollar nights or the weekends) expect a long wait. However, there are plenty of spots to hang out... grab a menu because you can order your bottle of wine and have a glass while you wait for your table.. is that awesome or what? The combination of this being a small place and generally busy on most nights makes it difficult for them to accommodate a large group. Save Postino's for a more intimate place with a date or small group of friends. The food menu is also short, with a mix of a few appetizers, paninis, and salads. The bruschetta board is a whole other topic because it's the most popular thing on the menu... they always have the same list of 10-12 bruschetta to choose from with a seasonal option depending on the time of year. It's not listed on the menu but you have the option of getting the bread "thin sliced" which I recommend on $20 nights because I know you will want seconds :) Everyone I have brought to Postino's to experience their magic has loved it. Believe me... You will love it too.
5	I would like to thank the waitress at Postino's for comping our food today after hearing we had to put our cat down today. Her calm and genuine personality really meant a lot. I love Postino's and will continue to promote it to others. Their food and drinks are wonderful with a fun, hipster vibe. Postino's is truly a gem!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Postinos! The food is awesome! The wine is fabulous and the service is great! If you are unsure which wine you would like to try, ask the staff for their recommendation. They have always suggested amazing wines. This is by far one of my favorite happy hour places!
4	Great find, we just happened to decide to try Postino Central and we are so glad we did!  Of course there is a large wine selection and honestly a better than expected beer selection and the menu has items beyond cheese and crackers!  Quality ingredients and flavor and reasonable prices!
4	Overpriced, but good food.  The wine list is pretty good.  I prefer the central location to the arcadia, however Postinos has great "share" food items and is an overall decent place to meet with friends.
3	I like this place. But, I don't love it. Decent food, decent wine; yet it  feels a little too structured. Nothing stands out, but nothing stands out in a bad way either. I think this place is more about the atmosphere than the food; which is okay. As long as you know that when you come here. The design is great, the feeling/atmosphere is equally as good, but the food and wine are mediocre. A great place on Monday nights (which is when we came) because of the special. However, you might have to wait. Would I come on a night other than their special? Probably not. But, they seem to have it together and the waitstaff seems to know what they are doing. And that is something to be said for any establishment these days. Get the girl with the short hair - I don't know her name- but she seems to be the most knowledgeable and experienced of all.
5	Went for happy hour, I ordered the Bruschetta (Apple Fig and Goat Cheese, Salmon, Roasted Pepper, Spinach and Artichoke) and then I went home and killed myself knowing that nothing could ever top it.  It was that freakin good!! Friendly, professional service, amazing atmosphere, delicious cuisine. Go now!!
4	I've officially been to all three Postino locations. This restaurant has to be one of my favorites in AZ thus far. The bruschetta is to die for, the salads fresh and light, and of course, the wine never fails. This location is much like the Gilbert location in terms of ambiance and crowd. Cool decor and even cooler coed restrooms =]
5	Postino's is absolutely amazing by all means. I absolutely love this restaurant. First when we pulled up it had free valet parking which was really fantastic in itself. We sat on the outside bar seating and it was really neat seeing the whole restaurant from that angle. I loved the space invader guys on the wall and when they went around putting candles on all of the seating areas.We ordered bellinis which were AMAZING! Then we ordered a Hoegaarden pitcher and that was really delicious with the slices of orange they gave us. We also had olives and the bruschetta. The bruschetta was absolutely delicious; we had Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Smoked Salmon with Pesto, and Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. My favorite was the Apples and fig spread or smoked salmon!Will be coming back very soon for their Monday/Tuesday special.
5	Time and time again, Postino never fails to disappoint. Considered to be a wine bar, there is quite an extensive list of wines from across the country as well as internationally. If you get there before five pm, all glasses of wine and pitchers of draft beer (2 pints worth) are only $5. A pitcher is still only $7.50 after 5pm. As far as food goes there is a simple menu that is full of delicious flavors. You can order a board of bruschetta that allows you to pick 4 different kinds, 4 pieces each for $14. My favorites include green apple and Brie with fig, prosciutto with fig and mascarpone, and tomato jam and fresh sheeps milk cheese. Always fresh tasting, always delicious. Besides the bruschetta there are a variety of salads and paninis, which you can also do a  mix and match combo on by doing a half order of each ($9.75). If you come after 8pm on Mondays and Tuesdays you can get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine for $20. I've had brunch here a few times. While it's good I prefer to go to Fez about a mile south on Central.
4	Love the sunday brunch!  Five dollar pitchers of beer, mimosas and bellinis! Great live music on sundays from 11-2! Super fun atmosphere!!
5	Love, love just love this place! Always busy but always good service! Phenomenal food and wine selection. Staff is very attentive and knowledgeable to recommend wine pairings. It's great for date night or hang out with great friends!
4	Atmosphere was hip and low key.  Could of done with a little more lighting, but not a big deal.  The food and beer were priced reasonably. Ordered the Nine Iron panini with a romaine side salad. The salad was soooooo good and the panini was also chock full of freshness (greens, tomatoes, chicken, the works).  The wait staff was attentive and never let a water glass run dry.  Would totally recommend this place to a friend.
2	The food was good.  It wasn't awe inspiring by any means, but the flavor choices were well paired and the wine and beer selection is excellent.The atmosphere was great too.  It's a younger crowd, really happening, and seems like a great place to grab a drink.Where they failed miserably was in the service.  It's clear from the start they're trying to turn over tables asap (which I realize is part of the point from a business perspective, but making that obvious is a huge turnoff).  The waitress came to our table 3 times before we were ready to order, all within the span of the first 5 minutes, before we had even received our 1st drinks.  Once she brought the apps out, she vanished.  Another server brought us our entrees while we were still HALFWAY THROUGH our apps.  That may sound picky, but it's a huge pet peeve of mine.When we finally got finished with our apps, I needed another drink.  Unfortunately our original server never came back to the table until I was done with my entree, at which point another drink was moot.Terrible service overshadowed good food.
4	I love this place especially their famous wine and bruschetta board specials on mon and tues buttttt it is almost impossible to get a table any more. Sometimes the wait is 2 hours even if you get there early. I wish they would change the hours so everyone cld enjoy the special. Parking is the other issue, you have valet and cannot self park anywhere
5	I absolutely love their bruschetta and wine selection. This is my favorite place to have a drink with a friend or to take out of town guests. I highly recommend at least trying it once, or if you are like me, visiting at least once a month!
5	I moved away from Phoenix over a year ago. When I came back to visit recently the only restaurant that I HAD to go to was Postino's. As always, there was excellent service, great wine selection, and the bruschetta is simply to die for (and affordable)!  You know a place is good when you regularly crave it from 2,000 miles away!
5	I have heard so highly of this place so I finally tried it and my god...nothing disappointed!! The bruschetta board was amazing. I could've downed the whole thing by myself. I have been literally dreaming of their food since and I can't wait to go back and have my husband experience it. Definitely in my top 3 favorite restaurants.
5	I'm a huge fan of Upward Projects restaurants/concepts.  This is my local Postino, and I've been coming here since it opened a couple years ago.  The crowd is a good mix of Central Phoenicians--ranging from the young and hip, to the middle aged and upscale.  The staff and service are great.  Knowledgeable about the wines they serve, and excited about the menu items.  Check it out on Mon or Tues after 8pm for the $20 bottle and board special.
5	The bruschetta was phenomenal! And the wine and ambiance were great too. However, there was a snafu with the waitress. She ID'ed us for the wine and asked what our zip code was. Well, I passed but my friend had moved around so much that he couldn't remember his zip. It was pretty awkward for about 4 minutes when I said to just say your street address. And she finally let it go after much hesitation. It really weighed down the experience... And oddly enough she wasn't really our waitress the whole time. There was another short hair blonde server that seemed to be the main server. She was extraordinarily pleasant and checked up on us throughout the meal. In the end, the first server came back to give the check. So that was the only downside.The food was so great! I had an artichoke dip appetizer and we ordered 4 bruschetta that are cut into four pieces. There was a goat cheese and roasted red peppers which was my favorite, this apple and fig which tasted like a delicious candy apple, this bacon one and I forgot the other one... Lol. All in all, if love to come back...Oh and complementary valet parking!
5	Postino's on Central was the shiz today. I fell in love. Hard.Ordered:1) Butcher's Block - an assorted block of cheese, salami, olives, bread... Blew me away w the quality. 2) Lox on Bruchetta - for $3.75 and amazing, amazing taste. How could one NOT order this one?!?3) Mimosa bucket for $30 - okay so I didn't bogart the bucket and I did share w/girls, but OMG!!!!!!Percentage that I will return? Baby, you had me wrapped around your finger w/your comp valet service.
5	The first time I visited Postino, I went out of my comfort zone and ordered whatever seemed the most unique on the menu. This happened to be the Prosciutto with Brie Panini. Upon tasting, I was sold. Every visit since I've ordered this sandwich. I've noshed on some bruschetta that friends have ordered and those are always delightful, as well. But I just HAVE to get this sandwich. Even on my most recent brunch trip (although to the Arcadia location), I even got the panini for 'breakfast' rather than trying a brunch dish. I'm addicted!The $5 pitchers and glasses of wine are a great deal. I love the outdoor patio with greenery and open to the inside. Such a delightful and friendly place!! :)
4	Love it here but not happy that our waitress( Shannon) made us do the math (including tax in order to split the check). I'm an HRM major and this should have been done by the waitress. But the food and the overall service is good.
4	Nine Iron panini was yummy and fresh. The organic chips weren't awesome. Will try the side salad next time. But first I will try this 'amazing' bruschetta everyone raves about.Great customer service! Convenient location although if you are traveling north on Central, if you blink, you may miss it.Atmosphere is simultaneously energetic, romantic, and relaxing. I had a to-go order but didn't want to leave.Will definitely be back!
5	Just went there for a wine bruschetta deal. REALLY good, and the wine was nice as well. Great place (even though it was a little crowded).
5	An incredible meal!  This is a great space, dark and romantic, but still fun and engaging.  Great music, lovely wines and delicious bites.Waitress was knowledgeable on the wine list and I went with her recommendation: Cambridge Cabernet.  Yummy!!!  Ended up having two glasses!After ordering what seemed like the obvious first choice, bruschetta to share, we decided none of the sandwiches or salads were calling out to us.  So, we decided to order "snacks" and ordered both their pretzel board and meat/cheese board.  Great decision!!We really enjoyed our bruschetta choices: brie & apples with fig spread, warm artichoke spread, roasted peppers with goat cheese, and salami with pesto.  They were all delicious but I really enjoyed the roasted peppers and goat cheese the most.  It was the perfect blend of tangy and savory.  Those bruschettas were no joke either- 4 very large pieces of bread, sliced into 4ths- perfect for sharing!!The butcher's block and pub board were both delicious!!  Perfect for sharing, perfect for getting a little bit of everything: meat, cheese, bread, olives, dried fruit, pickles and corn nuts.  There wasn't anything on either board we didn't like.  It did end up being a bit too much food to finish everything though (sorry hummus and fancy pickles.) All in all, we spent more than 2 hours here.  We never felt rushed, server was attentive but not intrusive and we had a wonderful time talking and eating.  I would highly recommend this place for a girl's night out, or a date.
5	I've been coming to this wonderful place for years, usually to catch up with my girlfriends to vent or gossip lol We love their Monday & Tuesday $20 special which includes a bruschetta board & a bottle of wine, SCORE!  This place gets packed by the time 8 o'clock hits so try getting here 15 minutes early. The atmosphere is laid back & just overall fun.
5	Great service, great food, and great drinks.The best brushetta hands down in Phoenix and a tasty meat and cheese board.Yum!
5	Lovely ambience...great wine and tasty food. One can't ask for more. Don't miss their bruschetta. My favorite is the tomato jam one.
5	Amazing sandwiches!
5	Tried this location for the first time, and Postino delivers no matter the location.  Got the usual bruschettas, and were there for brunch so we tried the ciabatta french toast which was amazing, and the red pepper gouda soup was delicious.  Service was great and the atmosphere very warm and fun!
4	We try to get to Postino's whenever we are in town.  We took family there this time and they are also big fans!  We ordered the Bruschetta Board which was again delicious!  The happy hour is nice too. All of their wines, $5/glass.  Always a great time!  We will continue going to Postino's.  It's amazing!
5	There's not much more I can say that everyone else hasn't already, but I felt I needed to get my voice out there as another champion of Postino.   I like all of the locations, but I've been to this one most often.I am not from Phoenix, but I travel there often for work.  Being a long time Yelper, I am always looking for a new restaurant to try and experience.  However, I put all that aside when it comes to Postino.  I MUST make a point of going there whenever I'm in town.Let's talk bruschetta for a second.  Has anyone tried one they didn't like?  And the fact that you can pick and vary your flavors is a major bonus.  My faves are the burrata/bacon/arugula/tomato and the brie/apple/fig.   However, I love them all.  When I'm feeling not so carby, I'll get either get the cheese board or butcher's block.  Both fantastic and filling!I haven't even mentioned the wine yet.  I am not a wine expert by any means, so I generally will ask for recommendations.  The staff is SPOT ON each time.   Everytime my wine has been so perfectly paired with what I'm eating, all the flavors are enhanced.The prices are very affordable for what you are getting.  Plus, they have that bruschetta & wine special on Tues & Wed which is so cheap, my company is overly pleased when I turn in my expense report.  I can't forget to give props to the staff.  Everyone is perfectly helpful without being overbearing and I always see happy faces and teamwork whenever I'm there.   That's a sign of good management and a very well run place.Kudo's to everyone at all the Postino locations!  You really know how to make a girl happy!
5	Love Postinos prices, atmosphere and service! I wish they took reservations because it does get so busy and sometimes I can't off of work early enough to get on the patio or a table on a busy night, but everything else is perfect.
5	LOVE Postino Central! The bruschetta is delicious, and the atmosphere is great too!
5	Let me just say: red pepper/goat cheese, Brie/apples and warm artichoke bruschetta are AAAHHHHMMMAAAZZZIIIINNNNGGG! I love the vibe here too. The clientele is different than Gilbert so that is definitely refreshing. The service was excellent and the wine selections were delicious. I will definitely make a special trip up from Gilbert just to come here again soon :)
4	Customer service is on point. Food is great. And the atmosphere is chill. Have been here plenty of times and will continue to return. Pros-great food-quick service-good service-valet parking-atmosphereCons-occasional long wait times-some drunk guy hassled me when I was peeing last time I went there. He kept banging on the door for me to finish... Almost had to Bruce Lee him
4	Get the prociutto fig bruschetta! Amazing stuff! Took my mom here for lunch around 12pm and the parking lot looked pretty full (free valet). Inside there were plenty of tables open, though. The food was 5 stars but the server was unpleasant and I didn't even want her to come back to our table. She looked like an angry toad. If you are a salad person, try the raspberry chicken salad. It's divine.
5	Bruschetta bruschetta bruschetta.  Wine wine wineeeeI don't remember how many times I've been here, but I always have the best customer service, and the friendliest waiter ever! This place could definitely be a date night, or definitely a girls night out. Either or, this place is fabulous.We sat on the patio tonight, & I don't know how many time I told the poor girls to turn on and off the heat. Lolz
5	I've got to say, this place has great wine, bruschetta, atmosphere and won't break the bank. I've been here 3 times in the past 6 months and every time is better than the last. I don't always take the recommendations from my servers but here, I order whatever they recommend.
5	Awsome food! The bruschetta was delicious . Surprisingly the veggie panini Tasted really good and even the side salad it came with was very yummy . It was a very nice atmosphere with outdoor seating. Lot of wine selections and mimosas were 5$. It was weird to have  valet parking in such a small parking area.
4	Seriously amazing! I came here with a friend a few weeks ago. We shared the NY cheese sandwich, bruschetta: fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, and of course, a few glasses of wine. Everything was delicious and so fresh!
5	I love this place. Great atmosphere in a small place and the outside seating with lift up bar window on the west edge of the bar gives the place the appearance of a roomier  joint. It is still very intimate with the candle lights flickering and shellacked wood tables.  If you are looking for a bargain, go on a Monday or Tuesday night after 8pm - close for the special "board and bottle". It is a cutting board of bruschetta (mix and match from the various offerings) and choose a bottle of red or white from a surprisingly boutiquey list of reds and whites. All for $20. Yes, $20.  This place is also without pretense as the servers don't wear any particular uniform so they look very comfy. A must try!  The regular menu is tapas heavy with some salads and sandwiches mixed in. Can't wait to visit again.
5	If I could bring any Phoenix establishment with me back to the east coast it would have to be Postinos. I love this location. It's my favorite of the three. Open and breezy on a beautiful day. $5 wines during happy hour, and beer specials too. A beautiful courtyard, awesome music, and most importantly the best food. All of the salads are devine, the vegetarian panini on ciabatta is delicious, and you can never go wrong with the soup of the day. Go to Postinos, find parking or let the valet do the work, and enjoy this little place that's perfect for Phoenix, but would be a success anywhere!
4	Good bruschetta. Very pleasant waitstaff.
3	I enjoyed the $5 before 5pm deal. I ordered the prosciutto and Brie sandwich it was pretty good and the side salad was tasty.  I always remember when this place was Katz deli.
2	The waiting is too long!! They should expand their patio , offer a complementary drink if you wait is more then an hour ! Who waits an hour to go out to eat! This is the reason i dont come here. She wanted to come here!
5	Great food and the service was very good as well. They did cross up my order and brought out the wrong sandwich but offered to box the one I didn't order to take home.  Cool atmosphere on a Sunday morning/afternoon. Great spot to unwind before the start of the work week.
5	Panini heaven, bruschetta heaven, pretty much everything on their menu heaven.This place makes me feel important and fancy, but still has that element of contempo-casual that lets me go eat there on a Wednesday night in my sweaty yoga clothes (which I did). The environment is relaxing, beautiful, and cozy. I love the decor and the cacti right outside of their big, clear windows overlooking the Circle K gas station. No, hear me out! Even though you're lost in what seems like a completely different city, you look out and still get the feel of eating in the middle of Central Phoenix and being completely okay with it. You love it.I had the turkey panini and the apple/fig spread bruschetta. I was so happy to eat beautiful, lavish food that cost me hardly anything. The panini was $9.75, but it was huge and had a fresh salad next to it. The bruschetta was $14...but hey, it's flipping good bruschetta. I had absolutely no regrets, and I am definitely taking a trip there for date night right when I get the chance. It'll have you chanting om...nom nom nom.
4	I mean you can't go wrong with five dollar pitchers of beers on tap before 5 o'clockPostinos is our staple place  for my friends to get together for our weekly powwows.Then add their  bruschetta to share with the group... Just fabWe frequent the Arcadia Postino's but this one was popping on a Friday night a little loud but staff was friendly and food was up to parWill returnDress code:casual to business casual
2	The food is great, well the bruschetta was but our service was horrible and because of that I will not go back. The manager did comp some of the meal but it took half an hour for bruschetta...and our waiter blatantly ignored out table, it was insane. The pub board is nothing special and the chorizo wasn't spicy at all and it was something that even I could've thrown together. The soup of the day was alright, again nothing special. The beer that we got a "pitcher" of only filled two glasses, that's not a pitcher. Like I said I won't return.The atmosphere is very romantic and the decor was cool.
5	Love the Bruschetta.. love it!!!
5	Met some friends here on a Friday night and the diet was off. But seriously worth the extra hour on the treadmill. We each had a different wine and everyone loved them. I started with a Pinot Grigio and moved to a Californian Pinot Noir. We ordered three trays of bruschetta to share and at $14 a plate we were all stuffed. Everything I had was great but the one with the figs was probably my favorite followed by the one w pistachios and one w salmon and pesto. Eating outdoors in Phoenix on a Friday night in February is a treat and the servers were truly on their game. It was a great night.  Y'all should go.
4	The only reason I gave this 4 stars out of 5 is that it can get SUPER busy. I've been here about 3 times and had a decent wait for a table. The food; bruschetta, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, bell peppers with goat cheese..... well really all of it was super tasty. Nice wine selection, the ambiance is casual and yet it can be pretty romantic. At the time I was dating my now Wife, we came here a couple of times and it set the mood just right. *High Five!*... check it out at least once.
5	Bruschetta....YES PLEASE.  Fantastic food, fantastic service.  Can't wait to share an evening with my wife here again.
5	What can I say about Postino's that hasn't been said time after time. This is our favorite Central Phoenix wine bar. As the first Upward Project restaurant in Central Phoenix, Postino's really started the uptown restaurant revolution, opening before many of our other favorites such as St Francis. Their happy hour is incredible, and makes this a great place to chill on a weekend afternoon as you enjoy some beautiful Arizona weather. The staff is awesome, the music rocks and the food is great. Five star all the way!!!
5	This is as close to love as it gets for me! Brie & Apple with Fig spread is my favorite, but I love all the other bruschetta here as well. For $14, you get to pick 4 different types of bruschetta. The taste is absolutely out of this world (it may sound like i'm exaggerating, but i'm not....truly tasty!) The portion is also generous as well. Trendy decor with a cozy feeling. Love LOVE LOVVEEE this place!!! (I have tried the Gilbert location as well, and it is just as good).
4	Excellent gourmet paninis! I used to come here every weekend with my girlfriend and we love this place. The bruschetta is also amazing. Service is excellent and accomadating.
5	Went for Happy Hour after work.  You cant beat the $5 glasses of wine.  They even came around right before 5 and asked if we wanted more before the prices went up.  The servers were all friendly and highly suggested that we try the Bruchetta.  So glad that we took their advice.  Would go back here anytime!
5	Love this place! The Monday & Tuesday 8pm bruschetta & wine deal is awesome! Ambience is laid back and fun. Please build one in the far north valley, we've got NOTHING up here!
5	I love their bruschetta.  I love their salads. I love their sandwiches.  I love their hot tea.  Oh and I love postinos.  If you want consistently good food and a great place to eat with friends this is the place for you.
4	A great place to drop in for a drink and apps afterwork. You can also bring your dog.. woof woof.. Great staff, fast service, delicious simple food..My only negative is I wish they had a full service dinner menu because I like this place so much..Great place for appetizers and a drink..
5	AMAZING. had a bruschetta board. chose: salami + pesto, prosciutto + figs, apples + Brie, mozzarella + tomatoes. prosciutto is perfect! it's not like those ones that's are super ham-y tasting. it was authentic and amazing. my sister said she would bathe in the pesto sauce. sat the bar with our backs to the patio. perfect setting, usually don't like sitting at bars but it's comfortable. servers at bar were superrrr nice. and didn't judge us when we asked to order another board. so that's a plus.had the red blend wine. so delicious. also had a mimosa, at $5 it can't be beat. this is a perfect place, I will be back. maybe tomorrow.
5	You will find no other bruschetta place with such diverse menu and ever-changing wine list, which consistently exceeds expectations.
5	I love Postino because of their $20 wine & board nights! My boyfriend and I went last night and had wonderful service from Jenny! She was awesome! We shared the bella postino & olives for appetizers, then got a board of delicious bruschetta! We didn't even mind the wait because we got drinks at the bar (try the bellini!) and sat outside at a cocktail table on the beautiful patio. This is a regular spot for me!
5	I have nothing but nice things to say about all of the upward project restaurants.  Great food, beautiful ambiance, there's nothing not to love.  The bruchetta at postinos is amazing, and can we just talk about the sierra nevada mustard on the pub board? Good god, so tasty!!!And the monday and tuesday night 8pm deal can not be beat.  $20 for a bottle of wine and board of bruchetta?  YES!I have loved Postinos for a long time now, and love taking friends there, but the PHENOMENAL service provided Adrienne this past Monday night prompted me to write this review.  Seriously, she was the best server I have ever had!  That place is no joke on a tuesday after 8, busy doesn't even begin to describe, but Adrienne is a pro and made us feel like the only table in the joint.
5	This place is very cute! The servers are friendly and the inside and outside are comfortable. A fresh breeze from outside blows through while you eat which is relaxing. The starter that I had was absolutely delicious.The artichoke dpi was fresh and tasted natural compared to many restaurants who have processed dips. The hummus was also homemade and delicious. The kalamata olives added a nice touch. The Mediterranean salad was scrumptious and was a normal portion size in comparison to other places.  Overall I was really pleased and will be coming every time I'm in Arizona. Also I plan to try some of the bruschettas they look delicious on my neighbors table.
5	Everything is consistently done well. We keep coming back over and over and you'd think we'd grow tired of the brushetta and somewhat limited menu but they always do a great job with what they offer and that's what counts. The wait staff and the bar staff are personable and hip. It's always fun to hang out here. Happy hour is great with $5 wines, live music on the weekend--it's our go to place with friends.
2	Went for lunch today for the first time. HMMMM expected a little more than we got. The service was great, but the food-so-so. Both the sandwich and salad were a bit dry. I asked for extra mayo but it never came. And COKE in a can for $2.50....come on, with those prices get a fountain. I probably won't be back.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Mainly for 2 things.BRUSCHETTA AND SALTED CARAMEL SUNDAE.I've been dying to try this place out and I finally got to when I visited last weekend.  I actually even went back to back Saturday & Sunday.My girlfriend & I shared a bruschetta board.We got: Brie&Apples w/fig spread (saved for last-almost like dessert)fresh mozzarella w/tomato & basil (can never go wrong with this combo)Smoked salmon w/pesto (lovelovelove this one)Burrata, bacon, arugula & tomato (lovelovelove this one too. good combo)I definitely recommend these ones.  On Sunday, we got the exact same but instead of the fresh mozzarella one, we got the prosciutto w/figs & mascarpone.  I didnt like this one & i think its because I dont really like prosciutto. It may look like there is not much food, but I got full after sharing the board with a friend evenly, but not too full for dessert (; Salted caramel sundae:  OH.MY.GOD.  Tastes like heaven.  I absolutely love salted caramel things and this was the best.  They give you a double shot glass of warm salted caramel to drizzle over your sundae as you please and it was the best.  MUST MUST MUST TRY!The only thing I did not like was:-it is VERY VERY dark when you go during the evenings.  I did not like it.-kind of confusing to tell who works there because there is no uniform.  -one person would come and clear all our plates but not ask if we needed anything else.. so we sat there for another 15 mins waiting for the bill at an empty table.Definitely come for the food.  You won't regret it.
5	Tuscan tuna. I have dreams about you...also happy hour everyday till 5pm!  I am a sucker for a good patio and no matter which Postinos you visit the patio is on point!
5	Beautiful outdoor seating! had brunch on Sunday and they had live acoustic music!Awesome setting, awesome food and drinks!
5	A mainstay in the central corridor!  Whether you're going for a $20 bruschetta/bottle deal or a casual lunch, You cannot go wrong!  Food is always out quick and drinks flow!
1	Came here for a girls' night with old friends, and basically couldn't do our catching up, because the music was so loud.  The service was the worst I've ever experienced--it was like our entire table was under an Invisibility Cloak! It took an hour after we finished our appetizers (and long after our glasses were empty) before our server came back to take our orders, and then another hour before we had our food.  Every drink refill happened at least 20 minutes after glasses were empty.And can we talk about the ONE unisex restroom?  You walk in and see a urinal next to the sink, and then a toilet.  You turn to close the door and realize that it is frosted glass--i.e. not completely opaque.  I.don't.think.so.Lastly, what is up with 60% of the menu items involving goat cheese? Do you get a bulk deal or something?  I was hard pressed to find a dish to order that did not contain goat cheese.Also, fair warning: the parking situation, even with valets, is dire.I would absolutely not go to this restaurant again.  The food and the ambiance just couldn't outweigh how bad the service was and how grossed out I was by the bathroom.
4	Second time here for brunch. Positively delicious. Roasted cauliflower soup. Tuna focaccia panini and French press coffee. All nicely presented by sweet, fresh faced servers.
4	I come here on Mondays and Tuesdays. The bruschetta board and wine special is great! I really like it.The wait staff are always very accommodating.
4	Brunch here is underwhelming, but for dinner/drinks it's a great spot. If the wine list ($5 a glass before 5pm) and bruschetta aren't enough, their salads and paninis are amazing. This is a very ~hip~ place located in central phoenix surrounded by a handful of other hip eateries and some empty lots. It's not super spacious inside, but there is a patio and a corner booth I like to take over when I come here with my bb. To my delight, they have plastic highchairs and a counter space in one of the bathrooms you could uncomfortably change a diaper- not exactly family friendly. But honestly, my best experiences at Postinos have been sans baby, when I can relax and leisurely sip wine & eat olives as if I have no responsibilities other than selecting which bruschetta I want. Parking is annoying. If you have cash for a tip, take advantage of the valet.
5	Always a nice time! I have been to Postino Central several times now and every time has been a great experience. A very contemporary but warm atmosphere.The food is great, the staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable. It's not too loud, so you can really enjoy conversation with your friends (even when it is packed). Be sure to try the Bruschetta board with your choice of 4 different selections from the 11 available. The Prosciutto with Brie Panini is also one of my favorites.They have a nice wine selection along with some great beers on tap and a full bar.
5	Cant get enough of this place! My favorite part lately has been that you can get the lunch combo with 2 different sandwiches!!! I always have a hard time deciding what to order. I definitely know what type of foods/items I will choose. Only rarely, do I completely step out of the box when it comes to food. I just don't like to leave disappointed! The Nine Yard is beyond delicious!  And you have to order the focaccia bread! So light and soft, but filling too! The bacon is quality and was perfectly juicy and crispy. Love to add bacon to most dishes, I have to admit ;) I would have loved to have pesto on this sandwich instead of the dijonnaise. (sp?), but it had the perfect ratio of meat, veggies, bread! Yum!!! I also ordered the Chicken and Mozzarella sandwich. This one is excellent! I had been expecting a chicken breast, so be ready when the chicken comes thinly sliced like lunch meat! The mozzarella is SO fresh and the sun dried tomato mayo is unbelievable. I almost wanted to ask for more. haha! For me, I'm used to ordering a combo lunch with salad or soup. To just get 2 halves of 2 sandwiches I was wanting to order is the best of both worlds! The sandwiches had plenty of greens on them, therefore, just get chips! They are crisp and taste soooo fresh! You may even have leftovers to eat later on! Another bonus is the $5 wine until 7pm or the $5 pitcher! Cant beat that! We would have indulged if we werent on lunch break at nursing school! The brain cells really need to be available for more information ;) I really need to find a friend to indulge in bruschetta with me because they look and sound, AMAZING, just too much for 1 person to eat! They do offer a $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine on Mondays or Tuesdays! Anyone care to join me?!??
5	Postino Central is my fav location of this great restaurant. Not a whole bunch to add to the mass of reviews. gI especially love it because of the proximity to Federal, Joyride and Windsor... Reason its so great... THEY ALL HAVE HAPPY HOUR FROM 11a to 5p EVEN ON WEEKENDS!DRINK UP!!!
5	This is always the go to spot for brunch any day of the week! For brunch, we (GF and I) always kick off with the board of course. Apple, Prosciutto, Salmon, and Peppers is always the best combo for the board, in our opinion. For a brunch entree, I get the Country Toast, she gets the B.E.L.T. You can't pass up on the $5 pitcher of Odell by the way. Always great music playing outside by two gentlemen.
5	Best Arnold Palmer I've ever tasted!!  The decor and music are so stylish and cool.Love their salads and sandwiches My favorite bruschetta is Brie and Apple and the marscapone, prosciutto and fig!  Him delicious. Love the Monday and Tuesday bruschetta and wine for $20 My favorite place in phoenix.
4	Great place. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The food was great. The sandwiches were huge.  The butchers block. Great selection of charcuterie and cheese. The goat cheese was awesome. We also got the bruschetta, the first four in the menu. Everything was delicious.
5	To be honest, paninis and bruschettas are not my dish of choice.  My wife loves them, and seeings how it was Mother's Day, it wasn't about my preferences. Plus, Postino has that semi-romantic setting that is perfect for such a day. That being said, the food is made with love, and if I am to eat these particular items, this is probably the place to go. $5 pitchers until 5 pm; that's a nice touch as well. I love the atmosphere here: hip, classy, and relaxing (complete with live music). The server was friendly, and I can't complain about complimentary valet parking either. Overall, a great experience, and I would recommend Postino on Central for special occasions and/or date nights.
5	I absolutely think this place is beyond fabulous.  I can't think of anything negative to say so I'll just focus on the positives. The wine and bruschetta are devine and so is the French roast coffee and creme brulee. This place is worth trying. Love it
5	Love Postino! Been going to the Arcadia location for years and now that I'm down town, this is my new spot. Just as good as the original. Of course my favorite time to go is Monday and Tuesday nights for the $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta deal. Brie and apples with fig jam, ricotta dates and pistachios and the warm artichoke are my absolute favorites. I'm not much of a bread person, but their fresh local bread is phenomenal. Will always be a loyal customer of this place!
5	Amazing!! if you are visiting the area you must try this place!!! the food was great and the atmosphere was cool!
5	I must post a note on Postino's because it needs to be a part of my life.  It should be THAT place where "everybody" knows your name or that Go To spot when family and friends are in town and you want to make some kind of an impression. Recently met some girlfriends there for Happy Hour (which runs from 11 am to 5 pm daily) and our servers, Patrick and Kristen, made the experience even better.  They were so positive and attentive but in a way that was not obnoxious. Postino's atmosphere felt as if you were sitting at your friend's kitchen table.  It's spacious, well lit and the decor is not heavy. Man, their meals are big.  If you go, it's better to share even though the price is reasonable. I'd like to suggest that you valet park and make sure you have cash to tip the attendants.  It took me 10 minutes to parallel park my car, but that's beside the point I'm trying to make here...tee hee.
5	This place had a great ambiance, great wine, great food and all at a good price.  We loved it!
4	Dressy hipster spot. Great food and good wine selection.  $5 wine by the glass until 5pm - every day.  Bruschetta is unmatched.  Huge portion so don't let the price deter you.  This is a place for tidbits, small meals, salads and wine. You will be satisfied but it will be costly.  Only downside is the service. It's 50/50 if you get a smile from the Postino staff or an eye roll if asking a question about food or wine. They are slow slow slow.  Refills are not given, you have to ask for them.  Thankfully, the hostess seemed bored and was filling water glasses.  I'd say this place lost 2 glasses of wine from me for being so slow and inattentive.   Food is worth the staff issues.  They are catty hispter jerks.  If you don't mind and can deal with that, check them out.
5	What's not to love about Postinos? Brunches, Lunches, and Happy Hours... all excellent. I always request Jennifer when I stop in on Monday and Tuesday nights and always enjoy my lunch breaks there. It's a great little gem in the midtown/central corridor. Certainly going back!
5	I've eaten bruschetta all my life, but never had it in a form of a sampler.. pure genius!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/postino-central-phoenix?select=btNMXTdz7xbOOz2Ua7LCOQ#TIZbK4zS95CMvoIvyp0bFA1. brie & apples with fig spread2. smoked salmon & pesto3. prosciutto, figs, and mascarpone cheese4. burrata (love), bacon, tomatoAll this, cut into smaller bite sizes, and $14; a steal. The concept of bite-sized bread+toppings remind me of Fig & Olive in LA. But, I do think that Postino's just tastes better.We also got the Butcher plate with different meats, cheese, hummus, and olives. And the raspberry chicken salad. It was all very good.JY got the cucumber honey lemonade - SO refreshing and has a strong cucumber flavorI got a glass of Malbec. $11 for a mini carafe and it was great.Probably one of the best things I ate in Arizona!
5	Postino is a fantastic wine bar with a nice ambiance. The wines are priced $8-12/glass, but happy hour glasses of wine are only $5 every day! During peak hours it is loud with music and lots of conversation. So do not expect a quiet romantic setting. But it's a lively atmosphere. The wine selection is fairly large (maybe 25-30?) and they usually have other wines that are not on the menu. I had a moscato that was not on the menu and it was one of the best I'd ever had. Sweet and bubbly, which is what I was in the mood for. As for food, it is inexpensive considering the quality of the place and area. Paninis are under $10 and come with a small romaine salad. Or you have order the Pick 2 with half panini and a small salad/soup of your choice. I highly recommend the prosciutto and brie panini. The strawberry chicken is very good. Postino is quite famous for its bruschetta though. It is pricier than other menu items but is pretty big and can be paired with a good wine and shared with someone. My favorite is the brie, fig jam and apple. They have complimentary valet, which you really need during their busy friday and saturday nights or the weeknight where the bottles of wine are very cheap (I forget what night that is, but it's suuuuper cheap).Come to Postino and you'll want to come back again. And again. It means "mailman" by the way. Maybe you'll want to become a mailman. And then maybe you'll want to come in to make the argument that since you are a mailman you should get a little discount or a free glass a wine. Try it and let us know if it works.
5	Had the "Nine Iron" panini for lunch, and immediately wanted to order another. Very good food, with enough comfy spots for conversation. I'll be going back...
5	Once again, Postino's scores. Took some friends from Illinois and they all loved it. We ordered the bruschetta board of course and each shared sandwiches and salads. All were happy with the food, service, and happy hour drink prices. We went there with 3 kids so my only suggestion would be make sure the parents get that kids menu right away because they were sweating the choices just a bit. All were immediately happy when presented with the kids menu. I love Postino's and can't wait to go back again.
4	Amazing food! My boyfriend and I went for lunch on a Saturday after going to the art museum. I was happy to see that wines were only $5 a glass. Pitchers of beer were only $5! We got almost four glasses out of the pitcher. And it's not bad beer, either; the four choices on tap were ones I'd never heard of. Our wait was only about 20 minutes, which was fine considering that it's a small space.It would have been nice to get the bruschetta before our entrees, as when we ordered we said "to start," but all the food was delicious. You could have a light meal of just the bruschetta. The four we chose were: brie and apples with fig spread, fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil, warm artichoke spread, and burrata bacon arugula & tomato. The brie/apple/fig spread was by far my favorite-- such a neat combination of flavors. My boyfriend said that the artichoke spread was some of the best he's ever had.I only had room for half my giant panini after eating the bruschetta, but it made great leftovers. My panini, the Nine Iron, had chicken, arugula, dijonnaise, tomasto, thick bacon, and mozarella. High stacked and wonderful. My boyfriend got a panini with roast beef and onions, and he enjoyed it.The service was the downside-- the waitress came over once when we first arrived and we asked for a couple minutes to look at the menu, but 10 or 15 minutes later we were still sitting there waiting for her to return, and it's not a big restaurant. Luckily another employee (maybe a manager?) noticed us waiting and took our order, and apologized for our wait. The hostess was also really nice, asking us where we were from and what we liked to eat. The vibe is hipster and laid-back. Most customers seemed to be 30 and under, but there were a few middle-aged couples. Would go back if I'm in Phoenix again.
5	Like a lot of the other restaurants in the area, this one knocks it out of the park. Like, out of the park and into the ocean San Francisco Giants style. One of the managers there, Mark (guy with a great beard), I can't speak highly enough of. Not only a great employee but a nice person as well.I've only ever had the bruschetta there as I'm not much of a drinker AND eater, I like to pin myself to one activity at a time. At Postino, it usually pertains to wine. Tons and tons of wine. If that's your thing this place easily has one of the most thoughtfully curated selections in the state.If that's not your thing, well, go to one of the other restaurants like Joyride or Windsor or Federal Pizza (owned by the same development group) and enjoy the different cuisine there. Either way, have fun in this little mid-town gem.
5	Very nice place! Love the fact that I can still walk into a place and turn heads. I love it! The service was great!  Tried the Bruschetta Sampler that I've heard so much about with a bottle of Prosecco. It was fantastic! I'm definitely bringing all my girlfriends here for a night out!
5	MMMMMM. I heard really good things about Postino, so I had to try it.  It is definitely a MUST try if you are in Phoenix (they have another location called Postino Arcadia).  I arrived on a Wednesday night, and only valet parking was available.  The servers/hosts inside were so nice and attentive.  The restaurant was dimly lit; there were stringed lights in the outdoor seating area.  The ambiance was nice and classy.  Yelp says they are casual attire; it's like more classy attire.  Try not to show up in shorts or flip flops.. Postino is a great place for wine and small plates.  I can't say much about the wine, but the food was great.  I tried the bruschetta.  For $14, you can try 4 flavors.  All of the flavors I tried were amazing; they were so PERFECT.  I've never had such combination of flavors elsewhere, and I wish Postino would open up in southern California (it's only 4 hours away!).. my favorite was the Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone - salty but sweet at the same time!  I also tried the Baker's Block.  They serve it literally on a block with pieces of everything.  It's like an appetizer sampler.  It's good to try, but it wasn't the star of the evening.  Just thinking about it is making me salivate!  I want to go back..
5	Very impressed with the food and service. Went for lunch today and the place was packed. There was one spot in the bar that some other patrons had been saving for quite sometime. The hostess went up to the group and I presumed asked them how much longer till their friend arrived and I ended up getting seated immediately. A+Orderedthe Nine Iron Panini with a glass of wine. Best panini, I've ever had. Would definitely come back here!
3	We came here for brunch.  I ordered a la carte off the small plates and sides.  My husband got the farmhouse scramble, I think it's called.  His food was delicious.  Mine came back with wrong orders.  I know they were busy, but we did wait a long time for food to arrive.  The atmosphere is friendly, but if they're busy be prepared to sit at the at the community table or outside.  In the end they didn't take Discover card and a place that doesn't all the major credit cards doesn't sit we'll with me.  Sorry.
5	I had a lovely evening catching up with friends at Postino last week. It was my first time ever going and I was excited because I had heard so many good things! We went on a Tuesday night right in time for the wine and bruschetta special. We must have good timing. Mmmm! I love bruschetta and wine, it was like I came to my happy place and they knew what I wanted to order! My favorite was the Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. It's the perfect mix of sweet and savory. I could eat that everyday - no problem!The restaurant was crazy busy, but they offered valet parking, which was a nice touch. There isn't much available parking so I rather leave it to the professionals and take the stress out of my night! I think the wait staff was a little overwhelmed because it took awhile for our food and drinks and our server seemed in the weeds, but I can be patient when enjoying time with good friends! I'll definitely be back!
5	Very nice Venue!  I had the prosciutto, goat cheese, fig jam sandwich with a side salad. It was outstanding!  I tried the gluten-free bruschetta it could've been bigger the rice bread was smaller than the gluten containing bread. I highly recommend this place for happy hour which is before 5:00 PM.
5	Thank you so much for bringing a gluten free option to your bruschetta!  Love it!
5	This place is sheer genius. The bruschetta boards (what IS that olive oil?!), great wine selection, and super cool ambiance make it clear why this place is so highly rated. Every time we head to Phoenix, this chic hangout is the first stop we make!
3	My wife and I come here a lot. The food is fantastic. We love the bruschetta and the salad options. Brunch is fantastic as well. The reason I only give them 3 stars is because the service over the past few years has drastically gone down hill. It used to be great, but when they opened up their sister restaurant, Windsor, accross the street, all of the good servers went over there. They were replaced with a bunch of people who don't really care. Once we get sat, it usually takes about 5-10 minutes for anyone to greet us, like we're invisible for a little bit. Then, someone finally brings us water but they don't even say anything to us. They just drop the water on the table and walk away. A friendly "hello, how are you today?" would be nice. Then usually another 5 minutes go by when someone finally comes by to ask us if we want anything to drink. By this time we already know what we want to eat. Sometimes, the food then arrives before our drinks do. They use team service, so different people bring your drinks and food. When they do bring whatever it is that they are bringing, they just set it on the table and leave. They don't say what they are setting down. They don't ask if they can get anything else for us. When we say thank you, we don't even get a "you're welcome" in return. The servers have no personality most of the time. It seems like they are more interested in looking cool and talking to eachother than giving great service. The one server that my wife and I both love is Jenny. She rocks. Always a friendly smile and asks how we're doing even when we are not at one of her tables.If it weren't for the great food, wine and beer selections, we wouldn't go back here, but it's so hard to go a couple of weeks without it. Hopefully a new manager comes in soon and whips this place back into shape.
5	My family & I enjoyed a wonderful lunch here. Everything we ordered was perfectly delicious! We also took advantage of happy hour. At $5 for a bellini, mimosa, or any wine that is served by the glass (regularly $9-12) the happy hour is a great deal! We ordered olives for the table and each got a panini & salad combo. The flavors and ingredients were stellar. Everyone was satisfied and thought their particular panini/salad was the best! There is a nice outdoor seating area as well as the dining room & bar inside. You can also purchase wine by the bottle. I highly recommend this place and wish they had a location in LA. Carry on, Postino Central. You're doing everything right!
5	the best restaurant in the universes. very european like tastes and appetizers, just wow..
4	Great place. I had issues with the staff before, but they figured everything out. I love the Monday/Tuesday deals!
4	Kind of a hipster type joint.  The atmosphere is nice and the food is great.  If the weather is good, sit outside!  We've been a few times and will be back.
5	It's absolutely amazing!!! Great food & wine! A must go to spot... Love their wine list & bruschetta.
4	Stopped in for a few glasses of wine and an appetizer.  I ordered the bruschetta with prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and it was delicious.  The service was just ok - it took awhile for someone to stop by to get our orders.  We did have different servers throughout the visit, so service seemed to be inconsistent especially when we were wrapping up trying to get our check.  The patio is lovely and the perfect place to enjoy a few glasses of wine.
5	Excellent wine, food, and service!My boyfriend took me there tonight,  first time for both of us.....we will be back and will bring friends
3	Great food crappy service and they tried to over charge us for 2 drinks wow!! I was shocked how our waitress kept walking passed us we had to ask 2 other people to help just to get place our order and get drinks.
4	I went to Postino Central on a date last night and it was great. The bar is really spacious and the staff was very attentive. I had the Bruschetta which offers many to choose from. My date chose a great selection: Brie & Apples with Fig Spread,Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese,Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios,Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese.  We also shared the Vegetarian Panini which was great. They have a great wine selection as well. You can order by the glass or bottle for a little more. I recommend this as a great spot to go out, especially if you are in the area for a venue.
1	PATHETIC is how I describe this place after my experience tonight.   We arrived at 6:00 PM, and we didn't start eating until 8:20 PM after watching scores of people coming in and out.  Initially we were told It would be 30 minutes.   We were a party of 3, and due to medical reasons, a member of our party couldn't sit at a high table, which we advised the host, and she said no problem.  Even though I'm sure there were people at the bar waiting, outside there were barely a handful of people. After about 45 minutes, I checked and I was informed it would another 15 minutes at least.  Fine! At one point I WAS TOLD WE"D BE NEXT.  30 minutes went by, and no word.  I was told since we couldn't sit at a high table, there is a wait.  How could it be that 30 minutes go by, and nothing opens up after being told we were next?  Finally, a member of our party points to a couple sitting at a table that we noticed arrive about an hour after we did! I went in and I asked for the Manager.  She came out and when I pointed out the couple, she tells me, oh this is a table for 2!! Wow, really? you couldn't accommodate 3 people in almost an hour and half later by moving tables around or somehow figure it out!  Keep in mind, throughout all this time, a huge of amount of people has come and gone. Surely they weren't all sitting at a high table.  She then suggested we go to the restaurant next door, it's "their' sister" restaurant!  WOW! As I was talking to the Manager, a group got up and left and we were seated at their table.  Not even 30 seconds later, and group of people that showed up much later while we were waiting, was seated right after us .  To cause insult to injury, their food arrived first, even after we ordered ahead of them.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing!  I was so pissed, I couldn't even carry a conversation with my group.  The Food: We ordered Mozzarella, Tomato and basil.  I thought this was a Bruschetta.  A plate arrived, with a single tomato sliced, 2 pieces of Mozzarella stuck in between.  I was expecting a board with Bruschetta! I guess my expectation was too much.  I don't care how good the food is, after an experience like that, I would never step my foot in this so called restaurant! Their only saving grace is that the PANINI was actually pretty decent! But there is no excuse for the way we were treated, especially with a member of our party with very visible medical issue.  You would think that after an experience like this, we'd receive a complimentary appetizer or some sort of a goodwill gesture. Absolutely nothing! After raising a stink earlier, I wasn't about to say anything else! we quietly paid our bill, and left.  NEVER AGAIN!
2	The food was okay. However, the service wasn't. Our waitress acted like we were not even their. She didn't check in at all. After a long wait she took our orders brought us our food and later brought us our checks. We had to ask for the desert menu and after we got desert she had to reprint our checks.
4	Go on Mondays and Tuesdays around 8 for the wine abs bruschetta $20 special.  Really good customer service,  love the vibe! Cool date spot, girls night out. I've been here for brunch,  and is OK. Nothing too memorable.
2	Only reason why this is even a 2 is because I have eaten here before and the food is great. I have never had service like this before here... Started off normally. Greeted at the door, seated... The restaurant was a little busy at a little before 10. We got drinks within a couple minutes of being seated... French press was delicious... and then the waiting... 5 minutes... 10 minutes... 15... I'm about done watching others get seated and orders taken... I watch the waitress put in orders... talk to the other staff... not even a look over to out table... Got up and left... Not what I expect from Postinos... I won't be returning to the central location again...
2	Heard many great things about this restaurant. So the family decided to try it out. We were greeted quickly and friendly,  and it seems like a nice place. The waitress was pleasant. And took our drink order immediately. Within a few minutes our drinks were brought by someone else to the  table. However,  that was the last we saw of our waitress. She never came back to take our food order. And passed by the table  multiple times and never once looked in our direction.  Though she continued to go back and forth between her other tables. I was looking forward to trying this place. I heard so many great things. But no matter how good the food is, if the service is bad,  no one will want to stay to eat it. We will not return to this location.
5	Always excellent. Great wine menu. Love the  food I think I have had everything on the menu at least once. Had a surprise birthday party for my sister at the Gilbert/ chandler location. Always good times.
2	I've been here multiple times with outstanding service! Unfortunately, tonight was not one of those nights. We were seated quickly but the rest of the experience went downhill from there. Our server took more than 5 minutes to even greet us. When she finally did, she took our drink order with no mention of the wait. We were ready to order our appetizer but she walked off too quickly for us to tell her. Then, after waiting 10 more minutes, we placed our order. Twenty minutes later our appetizer arrived at the same time as our food, despite having said we wanted our appetizer to "start." Mind you, our appetizer order was olives, just room temperature olives. I finished my water and ended up drinking my boyfriend's water because they didn't bother to refill it until we were done with our food. Then we had to request that the hostess take my card in order to get the check. No apology during the entire meal for the slow service and our server couldn't even be bothered to be pleasant. I realize they appeared to be short staffed and there was a large party behind us, but an apology and a smile go a long way. I hope you will share this review with Karen, our server, as it appears she needs some customer service training. The food was excellent as usual. Just wish the service had been up to par.
5	The bruschetta is amazingggg.  The brie & apples with fig spread is a MUST.  I dream of it.  The Butcher's block (meat and cheese board) is delicious as well!
5	Food: - Bruschetta: 4 half slices of gluten-free bread with a choice of 4 selections. We chose Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and Smoked Salmon with Pesto. My favorite by far was the Brie & Apples. My second favorite was the Smoked Salmon with Pesto. - Banyan wine: good but doesn't pair well with the bruschetta. Service: Fast and friendly. Final thoughts: The bruschetta was really good. This is a great place for girl's night or date night!. They're open late and has cool vibe.
4	Went here with friends for a quick lunch. The food was very good along with the service. The location is great.. parking could be a little better.
4	The bruschetta boards really are great.  Lots of solid options.  Wine is a bit on the pricey side though... Really only worth it when you get the bottle/board deal for $20.
2	I had lunch here Thursday. I have eaten here before and loved it but this time, not sure I would go back. The waitress came over to take our order and when I said I was going to order a salad but looked down at the menu she quickly said she had another table and would come back. Off she went. We had our water glasses refilled. The gal filled one glass over the top of one of our handbags, a Prada. She didn't seem to care and almost apologized as she casually went to get at towel but didn't hand us one. We cleaned up the water on the outside and inside of the handbag with our napkins. After searching for and flagging down the waitress to order our lunch, I ordered the mixed greens salad with turkey. The salad was ok but the turkey appeared to be packaged sliced lunch meat chopped into squares. It was awful. The bread on the salad was extremely tough and chewy. As we were eating, we watched, who I think was the manager, clean the lights over the bar as people sat there eating their lunch. The dust was flying everywhere and also landed on the bar. From our table we could see the dust because the bar was higher.  She didn't wipe the bar off but rather went around and began inspecting the clean glasses. One man was sitting there with his lunch and a glass of water. She cleaned the light next to him anyway. There also seemed to be something going on between two of the gals in the dining area. Not impressed this time around.
4	One of my absolute favorite spots in Phoenix. The atmosphere is fun, romantic, and relaxing. Music is always cool too. The food is fantastic and prices on wine by the bottle are great. The bruschetta combination options never disappoint. My personal favorite is the prosciutto, marscapone, and fig spread. Perfect combination! Close seconds are the smoked salmon/pesto, Burrata/bacon/arugula/tomato, and the classic Mozarella/tomato/basil. The service and food are always great and consistent.
5	Love absolutely everything about this place. Incredibly friendly staff, impeccable service, great ambiance and delicious food. We brought our 95 lb. Pitbull thinking we would have to tie her up outside the patio - not only did they seat us in a more private corner so she could walk around a bit, but they were so sweet to her and kept refilling her water bowl. All the waitresses were so sweet and attentive. The food is SO good. I didn't expect much since their menu seemed limited, but the Bruschetta Board and Butcher's Block was more than enough (and I'm a nonstop eater).  My favorite was by far the Fig & Ricotta. By far our new favorite place on Phoenix. Wish they had one where we are in LA!!
5	Wonderful ambiance, an amazing wine selection and their signature Bruscettas make this a must visit in the Phoenix area. "All American" John was our waiter (great service!) and served up some great wines (kudos to their $5 any glass of wine before 5pm deal). We enjoyed a great kale and quinoa salad, a Bruscetta plate (the salmon and pesto was incredible) and left more than satisfied. We'll for sure be coming back for more!
5	What a fantastic place!! We enjoyed the extensive wine list and the salmon pesto bruschetta. We ordered it with gluten free bread. I loved the hipster relaxed vibe! "All American" John was our waiter and he's the best!! Ask for him and he will take care of you! We never had to wait and he was very attentive and friendly!! Will be back again with friends!!
4	I met some friends for drinks at postinos on central. The wine was refreshing and the cheese plate was awesome. I really enjoyed the salmon and pesto. I would totally recommend this place to try!
5	Amazing as always! The staff is super accommodating for large parties. And food is awesome per usual.
5	Enjoyed a lovely meal for a bachelorette party. The mood was intimate. Candles were lit everywhere with dim lighting, perfect for a girl's night out. I had the cheese plate and it was delicious! I highly recommend you try the cucumber honey lemonade!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said ? Great food, great service and a great night on the patio. Bruschetta and a meat / olive / cheese board tasted as good as they looked. Split a sandwich and finished with a salted caramel sundae. We will be back!
4	Wonderful happy hour specials, but can quickly get busy.  If you have the patience to wait for fora table or a seat at the bar the food will not disappoint.
5	Love to go for brunch and hear music on Sundays. Their food is always fantastic. My favorite thing right now is the farm scramble with eggs, gruyere, potatoes, cheddar, onion, and herbs with a side of bacon.
5	Awesome atmosphere, live music for lunch on a Saturday, reasonably priced......$5. pitchers and most drinks....and excellent food!!! The bar has half indoors and half out on the patio..........loved this place
5	Went back tonight for the first time following our less than stellar experience a couple of months ago. I am happy to report that the service was back to the Postino's I am accustomed to! Everyone was pleasant, service was quick, food was outstanding (I had the Renegade Chardonnay, shared the Butcher's Block appetizer-my fav, and the Italian picnic salad for my entree). Happy to see our previous experience was the exception. We will absolutely be back!
5	This place is amazeballs. The bruschetta was exceptional. Great deal, delicious wine and a great ambience.
5	Bruschetta is to die for.Mondays and Tuesdays $20 bottle of wine.  I'm sold.  I am a regular down there and the drive is 40 minutes from me - definitely worth the trip!!
4	How is this place possible? Perfect place for a girls night! I was there on business with a colleague and wow, so cheap to drink the night away! Wine choices aren't the greatest, wish they had a few better options but I'll take it!
4	I've been here several times now to take advantage of their Monday night special of a bottle of wine and a bruschetta for $20. It has been a blast every time thanks to the people I am with. Maybe we're too dysfunctional to get quick service, but it usually seems to take longer than you would expect. We aren't ever in a hurry though so its never a been a big deal. Im not sure which bruschetta is my favorite, but it's definitely the ones with meat! Forget the vegetarian options IMO.
5	FANtastic!! Very nice ambiance. Quaint and cozy. At first glance,  though,  I didn't think I'd be all that impressed with the food.   My friends had suggested  the deal for $20: a bottle of wine and a board of four types of bruschetta.  I didn't think I would get full. But,  I certainly did.  My favorite was the Prosciutto with Figs and Marscapone. Amazing! I also liked the Warm Artichoke Spread, and the Roasted Red Peppers and Goat Cheese.  A lady who wasn't even our waitress assisted us with choosing a wine.  I love that they let us sample a few before deciding.  Love this place.  I'll  definitely be back.
5	Why would I go anywhere else for wine and bruschetta?Tuesday. You. Me. And all the wine and cheesy & bread goodness you can imagine. Postinos is the place to be during the week. This place offers a great ambience that is perfect for any celebration or casual evening out with good friends. The wine is selection is great and the food even better. On Tuesday evenings the deal is $20 for a board of 4 types of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. The deal equates to huge savings over any other night of the week. You will not be disappointed!Postinos is a must try for anyone is the Central or downtown Phoenix area.
2	Sat at the bar first before being seated at a table. Bar service was superb- I regret moving to a table. I'm all for casual, laid back demeanor, but not when it comes to service. You can still do your job well and be casual. I had to flag our server (Cole) down whenever I wanted to order something; this goes for the cheese platter, wines (2 bottles) and henceforth. He never even checked in to ask how we were doing (?) Our wines glasses were never filled or topped up. I don't mind filling my own glass, but every single time? Sorry I stumbled into this place on the bruschetta/wine night. I would've gladly paid full price for better service. Bruschetta and cheese board very underwhelming and lackluster. (and no explanation of the cheeses was given by server).
4	Love, love, love. There's no way good bread, cheese and wine could ever make me sad- maybe put a few pounds on me or a dent in my wallet, but hey- live a little!Their bruschetta is a must here which I typically share as well as the salads (which they're willing to split in the kitchen), good wine list- local even.For bruschetta you can't go wrong with smoked salmon with pesto, fig and marscapone, brie and apples, bacon and burrata.The fig and marscapone is to die for~For salads, I like the Hannah's field and the Raspberry Chicken. These are good choices if you're a fan of a tart or fruitier/sweeter type of salad.Wine wise, I go with anything as they all have been good though I do try to do wines from France or from states known for their wines. I've had the Boomtown from Washington which is a rich red, strong berry flavors like cherry and blackberry as well has a good kick of spice and acidic. Little James is a wine from France, easier to drink and more simple. It's peppery all the while having strong strawberry and vanilla hints to it.Service is great, refilled waters, lovely waiters/waitresses who know what to recommend. And the interior of Postino is dim, not too loud and comforting.
4	How can you go wrong with anything at Postino's! I went during lunch one day as it's not far from my office. I sat at the bar and had great service. I had the 4 choice bruscetta and everything came out quick and very tasty! I cannot wait to stop in again for lunch soon.
5	I love you Postinos.  I am so happy we have you and Windsor and FederalPizza and Joyride in Phoenx.  I love your food, great service and the feel god vibe.  Thank you!  I always give you a five star.  I also love the unisex bathrooms.  Keep on keepin on. Asian next, maybe?
5	I'm just realizing that I have WAY too many 5 star reviews but maybe it's just because I go to some amazing places.  This is one of those places.  To save whoever is reading this to consider going or not....  just go. Now.  You might want to consider making a reservation.  Stop reading this.  Run.  I effing love this place.  They do bruschetta like no one else does and their service and drinks are awesome too.  They are the rare triple threat- like if this restaurant were your girlfriend that you've been dating for only 6 months your mom would love her and all of your buddies would tell you to "lock it down".  Seriously that good. My favorite bruschetta are the apple and brie and the "classic" tomato and mozzarella.  I generally get a pino grigio (house) or pino nior (house) depending on my mood.  I really need to try more of their menu but their bruschetta is so freaking good that I never get past it.  The normal every day deal is $14 for 4 different types of bruschetta.  It's a pretty big order- each bruschetta is about 4-5 inches long and it's cut into roughly 1 inch pieces so it's sharable and not messy.  I personally can fill up on just that but if you've got 3 people with bigger appetites you might want to order 2 orders.  You might want to consider making a reservation or be prepared to wait- in the evenings they get packed.  I moved from Phoenix to Reno this past year and this is the number 1 place I miss the most.  If they ever want to consider opening up a place here we have a superb foodie community and I know they would be welcome.  GO TO THIS PLACE NOW.
2	Happy Hour is still great, and you can't go wrong with the Pub Board. The last few times we've been in, you can tell the service is slipping. The waitstaff and bartenders seem to be way more interested in each other than the customers.
5	Love the patio and atmosphere and the food is seriously delicious! Go! I had the bruschetta and its huge enough for 2! We will definitely be returning for Monday's 20$ bottle of win me and bruschetta!
4	I have been in the valley for almost a year and this is by far my favorite place for lunch or brunch.  chicken and mozzarella sandwich is so good that I order it every single time I go.  I rarely get to sample anything else because everyone finishes their plate.  quick tip, sit at the bar if you can, service is much more attentive.
4	The service has been much better of late. We have just been sitting at the bar and get the same bartender almost every time now. Too bad they can't clone him.
5	Omg. Food porn. The bruschettas are freaking amazing! We got: Brie & Apples, Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Bacon and Arugula. OMG, it was so good. For the main course, I had the "select two:" chicken and mozzarella panini and raspberry chicken salad. Holy salad and sandwiches, they were delicious! The best part, apart from the food, is the ambiance of the place and the people! The servers were very nice, and accommodating. Oh, the bathrooms are unisex! Very cool.
