5	One Word: Absolutely Delicious! Okay that's two words but I can't describe this place without using more than one word. It is Just that good :) It's a hip, trendy place with a unique twist to their menu, which carries a healthy and a happy side. The healthy side of the menu carries a different alternative to the "happy" side which is a more healthy, cleaner eating, yet both equally delicious!I came here with my boyfriend and had the Ahi Srirachi, which were tacos filled with fresh ahi tuna and the most amazing mixture of pico de gallo and special sauce. Happymess, a combination of steak, blue cheese, and french fries with a bit of pico de gallo. The combination in this was just absolutely delicious, especially with the truffle oil! We also had the parsnip fries :) which was pretty much gone. Who knew parsnip fries would be soo good! With all these joints opening up in Vegas, its nice to go somewhere where you can just relax, enjoy some great food, and come back again. I'm such a fan of places that make you feel like you've known them for years and this place is definitely welcoming.
5	Love love love the fresh Juices ! If you love freshly juiced fruits & veggies this is as good as it gets ! Friendly & pretty staff too !
5	Wow, this place is in the middle of nowhere.  I eat out for lunch almost everyday at work, so I try to find new places when I can, and yelp did not let me down.  I really like this place.  There's two halves to the menu.  If I want to watch my figure (hardly ever happens), I can get something off the healthy menu.  Or if I'm my usual fattie self, I'll choose the happy side.  That said, I tried the Ahi Taco-San, and I was blown away.  I really liked the sriracha slaw (sriracha really makes everything great), and the mango salsa made it even better.So I loved this spot so much, I searched for their Facebook, and there's a challenge to try everything off their menu.  Once you finish that, you get 10% off for life.  Challenge accepted!
5	NOM NOM NOM! Saw this resto on Yelp and Instagram. Very appealing pictures but they don't do the food justice.  Was with a group so was able to try a few different things on the menu. Ordered from the healthy AND the happy sides :)*Happy Mess: bf says it's like a healthier version of carne asada fries*Chix on Broadway: chicken was juicy and the batter wasn't greasy, plus!*Phatty Philly: tender meat and succulent portobello*Burger Benedict: wow! the egg was the "cherry on top"*Ahi Srirachi: loved the freshness of these fish tacos!For drinks, gf got the How Now Brown Cow (twist on root beer float)... and I got the Jazz Hands (Sprite and mangoes). There were cut up strawberries and mangoes, in our shakes, respectively. We both agreed we liked the weird fizz feeling when chomping into the soaked up fruits =PThis little gem is off the beaten path of the Strip and the other main streets of Las Vegas. Lucky for me, it's within a 5 mile radius of my house! I'll be sure to make another trip back to Skinnyfats in the very near future.
5	Warning: This review was written with a full belly. Viewer Discretion is advised.WOWwy wow wow wow.This place is awesome in more ways than one...and I just had delivery.THE FOOD - the menu is droolworthy. Whether you're into the whole "healthy" thing or you are in dire need of some serious grub (aka "happy)- the menu has a bunch of options. As soon as I confirmed that this place would deliver to our office, I was super excited to give this place a try. My health-conscious coworker found multiple lunch options that sounded appealing. She settled on the TBLT (turkey bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwich) with sweet potato fries. I of course picked a more caloric option and picked the Phatty Philly (hold the blue cheese) and truffle fries. We shared the Rancho-mame snack option (edamame with drizzled with ranch powder and a side of ranch) and we each got a kids-sized shake. I got the Charlie Brown (nutella, bananas, and strawberries-- um yes please) and she got a gross green shake called Adventure Juice. :)EVERYthing we ordered was great! For food-delivery (I'll talk more more about that later) I was expecting to have a few issues (food cold, shakes melted, blah blah blah) but no. Everything was tasty. My kids-sized shake was the best part and... for only 3 dollars it was a HUGE serving (i'm not great at math but I'm pretty sure I got 16 ounces worth). And it tastes fresh and --just well-made. My truffle fries were not piping hot (i mean I get why so no complaints) but they tasted great!! My philly which I had thought was super pricey--- it was HUGE!. it was packed with meat, peppers, and huge portobello pieces. It was tender and just awesome. The edamame was delish too. I may have overordered a tad because I have a lot left over. This was due to the GINORMOUS shake I got that I finished first before eating.... I mean really -- $3 for something that big?!!!! It must be a mistake. My coworker L-O-V-E-D her sandwich. They did not skimp on the turkey bacon and.... it was NOT on your mama's wonderbread... this was thick artisan-type bread. No corners were cut here (no pun intended). DELIVERY - Speaking of not cutting corners--- PROPS go out to their online ordering system. It was smart, simple, and easy to use. I'd give it 5 stars just for that. The presentation of the food was pretty impressive too. The fry carton was pretty fancy. The container for my edamame is completely reusable and so were the shake cups. I get that they're new and this may change over time but I am still impressed with the quality of their delivery swag.PLUS, I got the food in 30 minutes.... the ETA email said 20 minutes and I thought - who are they kidding - I expected at least an hour. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived in our lobby just 30 minutes later and he profusely apologized for being "late".  I laughed - I told him he was right on schedule! Totally worth the extra $5 delivery fee.I am SO stuffed! SO happy! and I need a nap. What a great & unique lunch spot (closed on weekends) Impress your co-workers & friends! Do it!
5	I found a place where I can order a Nutella soy shake with a killer burger and a side of tempura ahi sriracha tacos. I am so in love with this eatery, from the ambiance to the menu. They have something for everyone, including you gluten-free peeps. Their menu is kid friendly, health nut friendly, and specially made for us fatties. From their desserts to their truffle fries, the entire experience is fantastic. I lone their snacks. I hit up both sliders and their meat mix with their toppings rocked my world. I shall dream of ahi tacos and Nutella shakes tonight!Please try this place. If you have a healthy eater, they can find something, too. That's the point of skinny fats--some food lovin' for all eaters and sizes.
4	I had a salad and it was only around $4.  I'm big into value and let me tell you I took half of it home.  It wasn't the best salad that I've ever had but I wasn't disappointed.  I would return just for the pricing and portions!
4	This review is based on only one experience of getting takeout from Skinnyfats... Awesome concept, but the execution left a little to be desired. I am hoping that after trying other menu items, I can revise this at a 5 star review. Skinnyfats is fairly close to my work, and we are always looking for new places to go for lunch with healthy options for us weight conscious ladies.  A coworker and I decided to place a to-go order on a recent Tuesday...I like the online ordering... You can customize each item as you add it to your order. I  really dislike that you have to put in credit card info to place the order. Some of us still use cash, which is crazy, I know. On to the food. My coworker had the Little Gobbler which is a turkey slider. The menu says sliderS, but don't make the mistake she did and expect one order to be multiple sliders. Hopefully the menu is adjusted to make that clearer. She did say that the flavor of the slider was excellent, she just was expecting more than one. She also had the Stick it Yo!, which is three fruit skewers. The fruit (watermelon, strawberry, pineapple, cantaloupe and honeydew melon) was nice and fresh. I went with the Rancho-Mame, which was supposed to be ranch dusted edamame. I got slightly garlicky edamame with ranch dipping sauce. Not at all what I was expecting, but still tasty. The portion was nice and large as well. I also got the Skinny Bowl, I had to after I read Amanda's review where she said it was best acai bowl she ever tasted. And damn, this was one tasty bowl. It didn't look very appealing in the to-go container, and was runnier then I prefer, but it completely knocked it out of the park with regard to flavor. We only spent about $20 total for our 4 items, and we were both satisfied with our meals... just not blown away, which I was expecting from all the 5 star reviews. I am looking forward to trying more of the items Skinnyfats offers.
4	I met Suzy H. and her adorable son here for lunch so we could check out the Skinny Bowl, their acai bowl.  Amanda M. is a fan so we knew we had to come.  Located on Dean Martin Dr., I must admit that getting here would be out of the way for most customers, but the place was still busy for a Friday at 1:30pm.  It's not a very big space, but there's a cool bar area with outlets for those who want to plug in and nosh, plus maybe 8 tables for others to sit.  The menu features a happy side and a healthy side, so customers have a choice of being bad or good, skinny or fat.  Suzy and I both had the acai bowls and her son had an order of Mr. Flapjack, protein pancakes with bananas and syrup atop the order--note that you could easily feed two people with that regular order.  The Skinny Bowl had acai, strawberries, granola, raisins, cranberries, bananas, and chopped almonds.  I know it's personal preference, but I found it to be okay in my book.  I like acai bowls with coconut, blueberries, and a touch of honey, items missing in this version.  I'm also not a fan of raisins in my food at all and the granola was more like granola cereal, packed not loose.  I ended up leaving all of the raisins and cranberries in the bowl, along with some of the granola.  Overall, though, I will definitely return to try some of the other items on the menu that look great.  Plus, I knew from perusing the Yelp pictures beforehand that they have a birthday freebie:  I got a Coke float with strawberries on the house and it definitely made my day.  The people there are friendly and I like the casual, cool vibe of the place.  Thanks, Skinnyfats--we'll be back!
5	I went there with my 3 1/2 yr old today, we drove in from downtown and it was worth it.Ambiance is awesome, vibrant colors, clean and a fantastic and fun menu.We ordered the Slow Boat to China, which is a snack, of Asian chicken salad on a cucumber boat-fresh, delicious and filling! We also had the Waffle Mountain High since they serve breakfast all day (winning). Again, fresh and delicious.Also tried the Mrs. Green smoothie and the Nutty Nana Flat. Everything is fresh and fantastic.We can't wait to go back and try more menu items we couldn't consume today (they even have a challenge to try everything on the menu and receive 10% off for life)Next time we bring the hubs and try the Ahi Sirachi tacos and the Meaty Buns and everything else for that matter......Highly recommend!
5	What a pleasant surprise !   Took the gf, another friend and her daughter to dinner at SF a few nights ago.  Unusual location but not out of the way.  The eating area is kinda small but comfortable.  Laughed when I hit the restroom and determined the men's room is almost equal in size to the dining area.The menu is a little confusing but the concept is simply  you got food for health conscious people and food for a fat ass like me.  we ordered:flat chicken and greens ( $8 ) with a side of fruit ( included in price - not sure why ) Chicken and waffles ( $8.50)  - secret, off menu itemNice to greek you healthy pizza flat bread/pizza ( 9.50 )Maine Wedge happy salad ( $4.50 ) Highlights - well, basically EVERYTHING !  great value, well prepared and creative.  I can't believe i'm going to write this but I think the prices are on the low side for what you get - the wedge salad ( pic incl ) has large chunks of cheese and bacon with the egg and then you smash on one of the lettuce spears - Mmmmmm - good stuff ! and at $4.50 ??? are you kiddin' me !The flat chicken and greens has a full chicken breast smashed done and grilled, seasoned perfectly with a bed of greens - the gf was happy.I guess a slight ding is the chicken and waffles - the chicken need a little more seasoning ( salt ) but overall, we were very happy with the combo.And heck, I even liked the healthy pizza.total bill with sodas was $50.Yes, we will be back !
5	Haven't ever given a 5 star rating but this place is amazing. Everything from the decor, creative menu, speed from ordering to on the table.. This place need to be a bit bigger (i hear its always pretty packed) but I got a table so what do i care? Haha went with a friend and shared: The cran-turkey and side of fruit - served on a yummy grain roll, the patty is speckled with cranberries and also has a cranberry yogurt spread, so fresh and deliciousTu-nuts- Any sushi place serving a dish piled with THIS much tuna would be $25, and here its just over $6!!! they really pile on the tuna. I normally dont care much for raw seafood but this was amazing, served on a bed of crunchy asian slaw and hollowed out cucumber, personally a better way to eat fish if you're craving sushi, the rice always leaves me with a bellyache. This is perfection.Hot-mame- sweet and spicy, great sized portion. Beet juice, and a tea.. My friend got the beet juice, and said it was amazing. I got the black tea with lemon and sipped on it all day. They're served in awesome reusable branded cups with little smiley faces that fade into sad faces as you drink more of your beverage. both my friend and I thought that was adorable.I LOVE THIS PLACE. BEEN WAITING FOR HEALTHY FOOD TO BE DONE CREATIVELY AND 'RIGHT' HERE IN VEGAS. I live far, on N Durango but will make this a weekly habit, for sure :]
5	I've heard some great things about this place and wanted to give it a try. This is one my new favorite spots to go to now :) and I will gladly come back again.
5	This place is incredible. Everything I have tried on the menu has been awesome, and the Seared Ahi Tacos are definately one item you need to try! Atmosphere is a bit crowded, but when a place is this popular you can expect it to be crowded most of the day, every day.
3	Disappointed to do it, but I am docking Skinnyfats one star. This is based both on dining in once, and on the fact that they have increased prices on many of their items. I went in to try Skinnyfats in person last week with a coworker. It is a small room, with crowded seating. There was a line almost out the door, and there seemed to be a lack of organization with regard to people ordering food versus people picking up to go orders. After ordering and taking a seat at a table, we had what seemed like an excessive wait for our food, all of which came out at different times. I always hate eating while the person that is with me is still waiting for their meal... I also hate when my food is cold because I waited for my fellow diner to get their meal. All of this aside, the food was good. I once again had the skinny bowl, which was less runny this time around. I also had a Little Gobbler which was excellent. On the way out, I made sure to grab a menu.Fast forward 1 week. We were all set to place a delivery order with Skinnyfats when I noticed that many of the items we wanted were listed at higher prices than the paper menu we had picked up just one week prior. Examples:Mr.Green cold pressed juice was $7.50 last week. It is now $9.50. (All juices went up $2)Skinny Bowl was $8.75 last week. It is now $9.75.Flat Chix & Greens was $8 last week. It is now $9.50.What I noticed, and was frustrated about regarding these prices increases, is that there are some items on the menu that have notes indicating that ingredients have been added to the dish, however these are NOT the items with higher prices. For example, the Drunken Gypsy Toast is the same price it was before, however it now comes with berries and bananas on top. The wrap my co-worker had a week ago is the same price, but it now has rice added to it. I'd understand raising the prices on items because the ingredients changed, but that does not appear to be what is happening here. It also does not appear that all menu items containing specific ingredients were raised in price, which, again, would be understandable. Instead it appears Skinnyfats just raised the prices on items at random. Maybe I am being nitpicky, maybe it's harsh to dock a business a star over a few bucks... But I can not honestly say I am a big fan of Skinnyfats after 2 less-then-amazing experiences and these seemingly random price hikes. A-OK is a more accurate description of how I feel about this business.
5	Considering the fact that I have to eat gluten free recently, this place makes the best options for me. They have the "happy side" which is like more fatning haha & the "healthy side". Staffs were very helpful first time I went there && prices are affordable. Im definitely hooked on this place, smores bowl is a must try if you havent yet :D
5	Very very interesting concept. Half the menu is on the "healthy side" and the other half is on the "i don't care about eating healthy today" side. I like, I like.I ordered the Ahi Tacos, which came with 3, and it was pretty good. HOWEVER....if you're not a big fan of eating raw stuff or the TEXTURE of it, considered yourself warning. Don't get me wrong, these tacos were DELICIOUS....but I can only handle so much raw texture in my mouth =/ After one and a half tacos, the slimy feeling became too much for me to handle. I'm not big on sushi anyways so this was like going out of my element. I was still able to finish all three of my tacos though so that's really saying how delicious they were.I really appreciated and enjoyed the fruit/vegetable infused iced water. Skinnyfats is located in a weird warehouse/business area. It IS easy to miss if you're not paying attention. I have still yet to try their burgers so I'll definitely be back!
3	Aaah I feel horrible giving this place only 3 stars. In no way does this reflect on the employees. Despite the onslaught of hungry people, everyone was friendly and maintained their composure. They even dropped by our table to apologize for the mix up in orders and the long wait. I appreciate good service and this place definitely has it down.The food on the other hand, I'm not a fan of. With all the good reviews, I had really high expectations for this place. I was really hungry and wanted something on the healthier side since I had just did cardio in the morning. So I ordered the Slow Boat to China, which was an Asian chicken salad with almonds served in a hollowed out cucumber. Ingenious idea, but I wasn't a fan. The flavoring was just ok as a chicken salad. Dressing was a little heavy and the chicken was way overcooked that it pretty much crumbled without even chewing it. Loren had a taste and agreed with my assessment. I also ordered the ahi taco-San. Battered ahi served in a crunchy tortilla shell. It was overly battered and the sauce on the taco was too much that I couldn't even taste the fish anymore. I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't finish them. Loren had a side salad and a turkey BLT which she said was just ok. Nothing spectacular. I don't know if I was making a face of disappointment but one of the employees came over and asked if everything was ok. He was just so nice that I couldn't bear to tell him my disappointment over my meal. Maybe I'm just too nice of a person that I hate being bearer of bad news. It was fun trying a new place and of course it was with good company, but I don't think I will be back here. Sorry.Tip: Loren and I could not figure out what the funky smell was (kind of like feet), but then we finally figured out it was the truffle fries when the table next to us ordered it.
4	Skinnyfats is a terrific mix of healthy and semi-unhealthy (happy) and really caters to almost everyone.  There are a ton of healthy options and that showed with the majority of the fitness clientele who were there during my late 2:30pm lunch.  I thought it would be pretty slow around this time but it was packed.I got the "Cranburkey" (special recipe turkey burger dressed with arugula, tomato, red onion and a cranberry basil yogurt spread on a 9 grain bun) which was very good.  The highlight was definitely the cranberry basil yogurt spread and this set it apart from the hundreds of turkey burgers I've eaten.  The patty had good flavor and I wouldn't hesitate to order this again.  I had a choice of truffle fries, sweet potato fries (no more parsnip) or a salad.  To keep it healthy, I should have gone with the salad but I am glad I didn't because they have the GREATEST sweet potato fries I have ever had.  I am sure they were made in house.  The little crystals of sugar on them really took it to another level.  No condiments were necessary with those.  I can't believe I took that many sentences to talk about sweet potato fries but they were really awesome!My skinny wife that never gains any weight ordered from the "happy side" of the menu.  She ordered the "Chix on Broadway".  Is it a wonder this tasted better than the Cranburkey????  Maybe because it was fried chicken with bacon, cheddar, lemon mayo on a brioche roll but that's just a hunch.  The batter and the fry of the chicken was atypical.  The breading itself was thin so it wasn't your traditional fry but it was still very good.   I got a large "Mr Green" drink which was a mix of spinach, parsley, kale, romaine lettuce, celery, cucumber, cilantro, apple.  This was probably the first and last green drink I will have with cilantro.  I'll order this again without it as that was the most prevalent flavor next to apple juice.  I do love the majority of green drinks in the world though.  There were 2 options for complimentary water.  One was strawberry basil and the other was raspberry lemon and both were very refreshing.The space is inviting and set up nicely.  The designer definitely maximized the area.  It just goes to show that if a business offers an excellent product, people will come from anywhere to have it even if they're located in an industrial park on Dean Martin next to a strip club.
4	we've been looking for a yummy place that delivers around our place of business. we work in an industrial part of town so there isnt much. the couple places we have found have started out good, and then slowly became what we didnt like (new management/new menu). so today we did a new yelp search hoping for something new and different and we found it! Skinny Fats will def be on our list for delivery options for us and our clients. please keep it up, we do alot of business with places we like and we'd hate to lose you! thank you!!
4	First I want to say their food is good. Working in an "industrial" area you don't have many options. For the area it definitely beats out the other few options. Our office has been ordering nearly everyday since they opened. They would occasionally mess up the orders, but small things ( no tomatoes , dressing on the side and so on.. ) not that big of deal. Then it started to really go down hill once they became popular.  Our office favorite is the "Flat Chix & Greens" . Which at first came with a side . Now it does not. Not the end of the world. They then raised the price a long with nearly everything else 20% plus. Then when you thought it was going to stop there they decreased the portion sizes. I got 4.5 oz of chicken today compared to the avg 7.5oz+ . I guess back to divine cafe :(Ps. On multiple occasions "Not believing it was being caused by the juice" I have ordered their "Mr.Green" every time this has completely messed up my stomach . I have done multiple day juice cleanses and drink green juice regularly. I'm not sure what is different in theirs but it messes me up.-Update 9/4: Portion size has been consistent and fair.
4	Chick-a-waff-a-dopolis .......is all you need to know.I drove by this place on my way home from another favorite place on the area and decided to stop for breakfast. The outside doesn't look much like a restaurant, you really need to know what your looking for, but since I had read about it on yelp, I knew it was there. The place is small about the size of your average subway shop but nicely designed, modern tables, modern chairs and newly designed classic meals. The menu features healthy and not so healthy options so there's surely something on the menu for everyone, it seems that we were there during fat hour. We ordered the phatty Philly with truffle fries (good) and the chicken & waffles from the secret menu  (good)  but the (wow) factor was missing. Still, a good meal for the price. Service was wonderful everyone here is very attentive and very friendly, if they were any more friendlier they'll be competing with the neighboring business. This is a good concept  and I'm glad someone noticed that there are two kinds of people.....yelpers and non yelpers.I'm sure I'll be back, it seems that I drive by this place to often. It may not be on the strip but is right by the strippers.#chick-a-waff-a-dopolis (is the secret word)
3	I went here with fellow Yelper Marie to see what all the hype was about. It is a tiny place that can get packed and VERY loud during peak hours. I ordered a green drink, salad,and TBLT- all for 20$ including tip which seemed a tad bit expensive. The green drink was refreshing, but that was the end of the wow factor for me. The salad and sandwich were just that. Nothing super exciting or different tasting than other joints that I have gone to that promote healthier/lighter menu options I didn't think Skinnyfats was bad, it just wasn't great enough to make me give up my usual spots.
5	The location will throw you off. It is surrounded by businesses and a couple of strip clubs along the way.  It is located on Dean Martin and Post, to be exact, so no one will get lost. The decor of the place, once you find it is a nice combination of modern and old. The food is delicious and the servers are very attentive. The tacos are delightful and the burgers are very good. The cranberry burger, I know sounds different, is very tasty. There is a great sweet taste from the cranberry and the saltiness of the meat makes it a perfect synthesis. The main problem with the place is the space. Lunch time and dinner time, the place becomes filled to the brink. Make sure that you come along before the rush hour, be warned.
5	Smooth immunity shake tastes just like an Orange Julius.  I have been craving Skinnyfats ever since my first visit.  The food portions are huge and the shakes come in a to-go cup!  An awesome plus is the naturally flavored water (berry and lime etc) that is free on the counter.
1	How this place has such great reviews really boggles my mind. Do the people from Las Vegas have a much lower standard for quality? My boyfriend & I came here for breakfast before going to the movies last weekend. There was a large line, which I didn't mind because I assumed the food would make up for it. I ordered the drunken gypsy toast, which was pretty good, however I had asked for a side of turkey bacon, and they gave me pork bacon, which I do not eat, FORTUNATELY I could tell before taking a bite. My boyfriend ordered the 3 Happy Chicks, which SHOULD have been called the 3 RUNNY Chicks! The eggs were so undercooked they might as well have left them in the shell! There was yolk all over the plate, covering all the other food. In the middle of attempting to eat, I told the staff 1, my drink never came & 2, they have me pork bacon instead of turkey. They brought me my drink, but never my bacon. I asked my boyfriend how his bacon was, he said to salty to even eat. The only good thing about this place is that our dog got a huge goodie bag when we got home.
3	I came here on my birthday, seeing that they had a free birthday shake and reading all the great reviews and looking at the great pics of food. It wasn't to far from were we live and easy to get to. Great options if you want to eat healthy or if you want to be bad. I wanted to be both!! You have to go to the register to order. I told the employee I heard about them on Yelp. We gave her our order. I asked her if they did anything special for birthdays? She replied "we just open a couple of weeks ago and we're still working on promotions".  (Knowing I saw a pic on yelp for a free Birthday shake). I don't like to confront or argue with people because I work in customer service too, and I like to trust and believe they're knowledgeable about their job. Promotions change all the time. I ordered the Ahi Srirachi with truffle fries, and How Now Brown Cow (Traditional root beer float). My husband ordered the Burger Benedict with truffle fries, and a Charlie Brown's shake with nutella. We sat down and admired the artwork on the walls. Service was pretty quick. My tacos had mango slaw and srirachi sauce took one bite and the flavors just burst into my mouth. WOW!! Didn't care too much for the truffle fries. My husband's burger was very juicy and fresh taste like a homemade burger!! Good service!! I would have given this  business a 4.5 stars but a couple days later I read a review on yelp and saw a pic that someone else received their free birthday shake. Like I said before I work in the same business of customer service. I don't care about free things but it would have been nice. I just ask to be consistent and have your employees knowledgeable about promotions and if they don't know find out don't be lazy and make up excuses.
3	The concept for this restaurant is a lot more interesting than the reality. I picked menu selections from the healthy side. What I really wanted to order were the ahi sriracha tacos. Unfortunately, they were wrapped in flour, not corn tortillas. If you ask most people watching what they eat, they'll tell you flour tortillas aren't the healthiest option. I ended up ordering the "Slow Boat to China." It's chicken salad served on top of a cucumber boat. The salad was yummy, but nothing I couldn't make at home. When I go to restaurants, I typically like to eat things I can't make myself. I also had the god fries. I really don't like the name, but they were really good. It was a generous portion of sweet potato fries topped with chicken, balsamic dressing, feta and olives. I also liked that they didn't skimp on the toppings.I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be rushing back for another visit, mainly because the blonde girl who took our order was rude and bossy.
4	SkinnyFats catered an event that I attended and I need to rave about the balsamic tofu - yeah, tofu  That was the SKINNY part.  It was super good. FAT: The cheesecake was also delicious!Would definitely go to the actual restaurant to try the rest of the menu.
5	I heard about this place fro a co-worker and thought I'd give it a try since it was 5 min from work....From the outside you wouldn't think any special about it, being in an industrial building complex, but once you step inside the restaurant, however small, it has it's own identity. You line up and order and have a seat while you wait for it to arrive. The menu confused me a bit, it took me a while to figure out that the healthier options were listed on the left and the 'fattier' selections were on the right. I decided to go with the Chix on Broadway sandwich (asked to have the chicken tossed in buffalo sauce), an order of sweet potato fries, and a fresh strawberry lemonade (which could have been sweeter). Food was DELICIOUS! They even have specialty Heinz ketchup, balsamic & jalapeno, and I love jalapeno and it went perfect with my fries. I ate every single bite! I'm definitely coming back  to try the other items, especially the breakfast which seems to be served all day.
4	Drunken gypsy toast and lime orange strawberry and agave milk shake. O ya!!! Really good could be cheaper though :/ but so will be back :D yay!
5	Had the shroom philly w/truffle fries & the buddah slaw. The food & service are excellent. Will definitely be back. Hey and we did, brought friends too. This time I had the healthy breakfast wrap, that was huge. Great coffee. The wait staff and atmosphere are fun and funky. Go there!
5	Good eats. Haven't had anything I don't like yet. A bit crowded at lunch but you can't fault them for being popular.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out for a while and happy I did. I would have rated it a 5 but I have only visited it one time so far. Excited to try the juices when I am doing my once a month juice "cleanse". Great vibe, great service and great food. I plan on being a regular!!
4	Love their ahi sriracha tacos! Very flavorful and filling, they give you huge portions so come hungry! Also tried the chicken and waffles which I thought were just ok. The waffle was pretty dry and kinda hard. The Chicken was juicy, but a little on the salty side. Def will come back to try their breakfast offerings!
4	Odd location but it works. Food is yummy and creative. Staff is pleasant and openly trying to work out the kinks of a new place. I go the good for you Cobb salad which was huge and very tasty. I'm very happy to see another place offering healthy choices and green drinks. Good stuff, I've been back twice since my first visit.
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Not enough seating when it gets busy (which is a lot of times).LIKE  The Skinny Q Pizza. The Naked Chix. The Fresh Morning Sandwich. The God Fries. The Cranburkey. Mr. Flapjack.LOVE  The create your own shake. The menu concept. The Burger Benedict. The infused water. The Manbake Beefcakes. The chef. The different daily/weekly specials (esp. the steak/crab cake Benedict).
5	I found out about SkinnyFats a week after they opened and ever since I've been there at least once a week, but usually more. I can't get enough. I visit during all times of the day and they always seem to be busy aside from being located in a hidden business center. With how busy they constantly are, you should expect a little bit of a wait to receive your food, but trust me the wait is WORTH IT. The food is amazing. I've tried something new each time I've been, and I have yet to be disappointed. The staff is friendly, and when you're dining in they come around to make sure you're happy with your meal. If you haven't been there yet, it's a must go!
4	Finally out on the other side of town and remembered I had SkinnyFats bookmarked so we had to go. They are in a business type complex so it's a little bit of a weird spot but their sign is easy to see and they have an a-frame out on the curb too. While the menu is a little confusing at first, there's two sides to it and I'm sure it's already mentioned but here's the rundown. The left side is the skinny/healthy side and the right is the fat/happy side. Each dish is featured on both sides of the menu but done in a different way to fit the theme. I thought that was awesome!As far as food goes, it is killer! I had the chick-a-waff-a-dopolis (chicken & waffles) which is a "secret menu" item and my wife had the wedge salad, we also shared a side of Hot-Mame (edamame). All of it was great, super flavorful and they definitely aren't skimpy with their portions. The wedge salad is huge and ingredients were fresh. My one and only complaint was the chicken was slightly overcooked...but the flavor definitely made up for it. They also have a good selection of juices, smoothies and such but we opted for a passion tea which was really good. All in all, we loved this place and can't wait to go back! Cool concept, cool atmosphere, cool food...oh and the employees are excellent!
5	Ohhhhh my  This little place is awesome!  They greeted us as soon as we walked in and asked us if we have ever been there before.  No we haven't, she explained the menu to us.  One side was for the healthy people and on the other side of the menu was the same thing that was on the skinny side, but for us non health conscious people.  Only thing I had an issue with, was the menu.  The writing is so small.  So anyway, I didn't see what I was looking for!  When I viewed the photos on yep, I saw chicken and waffles!  I didn't see it on the menu.  So I showed her to photo, she said ohhhhh, that's on the special menu!  Sayyyyyyyyyyyy Whatttttttttttttt?  Ok, well daymmmmm, what else is on that menu!  Anyway, nothing else that I wanted except for the chicken and waffles!  ohhhhh, and a side of eggs.  So there chicken finger!  But OMG, there chicken was so tender and juicy!  If you have ever been to hash house a gogo?  It reminded me of that!  But in my opinon, this is way better than that!  Here at SkinnyFats, ohhh boi do they know how to season there chicken tenders.  Ohhhhh, they will be seeing this face in the near future!
5	Loved this place. The concept of a healthy menu and an unhealthy menu is genius! My boyfriend went to the healthy side and had the Mr. Flapjack. This was delicious and huge. I ate bad and had the Chipper Morning and I absolutely loved this breakfast sandwich. I will def be back!
3	Went to see what the hype was about even after a friend sad she had an awful experience with the food and the service. Well went once and upon ordering a lot of the equipment was broken or down, so we left.. Wanted to give it a fair chance. Returned a few weeks later. Ordered the fries with the steak and pico and salad. The salad was good but nothing special. The fries didn't live up to the hype and didn't look as good via Instagram. Pretty bland- The tables were dirty and customers were cleaning them themselves to sit. There was one guy seeming to be running around doing everything himself, the girl upfront although nice to us seemed to have attitude with everyone and seemed annoyed. Wasn't an awful exp. but they seemed a little unorganized. Might try again if in neighborhood but won't go out of my way
4	The first impression of this place is that it is in the middle of nowhere. It is also really small inside. Staff immediately greets you and explains the menu. They're all very friendly and helpful. I had their new veggie burger. Black bean, rice, chipotle burger with coleslaw and avocado. It was quite delicious. I hate coleslaw, but this was very edible. Quite delicious. I had it paired with truffle fries, they were pretty good as well. My friend had a slaw chee salad with seared ahi. It was very tasty. We both agreed we could eat that every week for the rest of the foreseeable future. I can see us going back here really soon. Everything was delicious, even their water which had oranges, strawberries and such in it. I hate how small this place is though. We were there for lunch and many people were leaving or taking food to go since there was nowhere to sit. I wouldn't want to take food to go from here. It is nowhere near home, nor anywhere else you can go sit and eat. All around this place is very good. Just be wary of going in at typical lunch times. It cleared out a bit by 3pm. Around 1:30 though there was nowhere to sit. I can't wait to go back and try some different things. I dot eat meat, so there isn't a vast amount of things I can eat, but there is a few good choices.
5	Woop woop called in my breakfast got it super fast. Love this place!!! You guys rock! I can see why your place is always packed!!! Holla!
5	Today I faced my first disappointment with SkinnyFats, but everything was handled so amazingly that I had to write an update. I had placed an order online to give myself time to pick up food on the way to work. It was just one item off the menu and the order said it would be ready in 25 minutes which is exactly when I arrived. They hadn't even began to make the order upon my arrival and I let them know not to even bother because I didn't have time to wait which is why I placed the order ahead of time. Here's where everything turned around. While processing my refund, the cook quickly threw together their "Smoke in a Bowl" which isn't what I ordered, but they knew I wouldn't have a chance to eat until after work so they wanted to make sure I had something to eat. On top of the free meal, I received a phone call from I'm guessing the manager, or maybe just an employee, that I have a $20 gift card waiting for me the next time I visit. You guys are awesome! Thank you.
5	"Healthy" side of menu is just as attractive as "happy" side!  If I close my eyes, it tastes like I'm back in San Francisco.  The "flat chix and greens" made me happy.  Very happy.
5	I'll give this place 5 stars. I dig the decor it's very colorful and cozy. Lots of artwork on the walls and bright colors. Its small and i heard its crazy during lunch hour, etc with lines going outside the door.The menu is pretty simple...healthy or happy side. I wanted to try everything but I ordered Smoke in a Bowl. It was really good and healthy. My company ordered Drunken Gypsy Toast. I'm ordering that next time I go there :)This isn't a cheap place but you pay for what you get. The portions could be for 2 people, its a lot of food so it's worth it. It's pretty cold in the restaurant and that would be the only downfall that I've noticed. The staff is really friendly and helpful.I will definitely recommend this spot to my friends and I'll be returning over and over again.
4	The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it's small.. so when it gets packed, it's kind of a nightmare. The food and atmosphere is great though. I love this place, just be advised you probably want to get your order to go until they expand or start delivering to your area.
4	Decided to try this place out after all the hype I've been hearing lately. This place is literally right behind my job so I didn't have any problem finding it, however if you don't know the area well then I know others will be lost. HAHA. Anyway, the space is small but I didn't mind, I was getting my food to go. The menu is split between "Healthy" & "Happy" (or unhealthy) side, I stared at the menu for about 10 minutes and decided on the "Healthy Side" I settled on theTBLT- Turkey Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato. with a spicy aioli spread on grain toastalso had Truffle friesI wasn't down to pay $7 for a smoothie this day but maybe another day I will. My sandwich was pretty good, a little dry, but I like my sammich with a little extra spread than what most people like. I guess if you want Healthy though you have to watch your serving size. As for my truffle fries, they were decent. My favorite still comes from BurGR. I will be back here to try a few more items on the menu that caught my eye! :)
5	A newly opened establishment that has creating buzz around town for its fresh and healthy meals. There is a breakfast menu, served all day in addition to their entrees items for lunch and dinner.You would have to use your phone to map this place out because it is on Dean Martin Drive in a business building plaza, not your typical location for a restaurant.There are a lot of menu options, it is hard to pick just one to try for your first time. I ordered the Chix on Broadway, a breaded chicken sandwich with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato, and lemon aioli. Your side options include truffle fries, sweet potato fries, or healthier options of fruit, brown rice, and salad. I chose the truffle fries, and they are delicious. I could taste every ingredient in the sandwich, including the lemon aioli that was subtle yet added to the flavor. Chix on Broadway was made well and all the ingredients complemented each other.For a somewhat fast food restaurant, the wait was 15 minutes for my food to cook. This is only because it's cooked to order from fresh ingredients, making it worth the wait.I was genuinely pleased with my  first visit, I would come back to try something else new on the menu at this creative American restaurant.
5	This place may not be flawless -- it could be bigger and not all the food is perfect -- but there are plenty of amazing things that make this my favorite lunch spot. You can't go wrong with either the ahi taco-san ($3.75) or ahi srirachi taco ($3.50), both which were overflowing with ingredients. Portion sizes are generous all around. The Off the Stick ($12) gluten-free pizza was large enough to share. It's not your typical pizza crust (thin and cracker-like), but everything topping it was so amazing that the crust was secondary. The Happymess ($9) with truffle fries and sliced filet is another hit.Their menu is divided into healthy and not-so-healthy offerings. Although, some might argue that the agave nectar used in many of the healthy dishes isn't healthy at all. Personally, I'm not a fitness freak and I'm not strict about what I eat. I'll pretty much eat anything. And, so far I've had plenty of dishes here from both sides of the menu and have loved just about everything.4.5 Stars
5	Loved it! I got the Slow Boat to China, Ahi Srirachi, Fresh Morning Sandwich And Mr. Flapjack. Wow!!! It was only $30. The slow boat to china was my favorite and the fresh morning sandwich was a great too! Yumm, and they deliver!! Id highly recommend ordering just one of each so you can try a little of everything (example only get 1 ahi taco instead of 3, then its cheap)
2	This place is a glorified fast food kind of place as I quote my sister, "Hey, this looks just like a Chipotle!" except for SkinnyFats has much more comfortable chairs and the space is really small. During the visit, we ordered a few items including...The Happy Mess - it's a bowl filled with truffle flavored fries, thin strips of steak and topped with tomato salsa and LOTS of blue cheese. The fries and steak themselves are really good with the ketchup. I don't think the cheese and salsa go well with fries but that's just me. Next time I think I will stick with the plain truffle fries instead.More Cow Bowl - a rice bowl filled with teriyaki beef, pineapple sauce and vegetables. They used too much sauce which made the whole plate super sweet and heavy. We hated this item.Ahi Tacos - I didn't try this item but my sister said it was okay. Not great, not horrible.Edamame with chili garlic glaze - The edamame was drenched in a sweet glaze. I think I prefer regular edamame with sea salt better.Over all - I'd come back here for fries but I'm not too crazy about the items we ordered.On a side note, they have fresh squeezed juice here and they're ~$9-10 per drink. That's pretty pricey!
3	SkinnyFats...is it all HYPE??Glad to say, it is a solid place to grab some grub!  Is it GREAT?  I'd say no, but it is GOOD!I went with the Burger Benedict ($10.50): 1/2lb Angus, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickle, Avocado, Fried Egg, Skinny Fats Sauce and Truffle Fries. Burger was juicy and messy. Good taste overall, but I couldn't really taste the SkinnyFats sauce and nothing really EXCITED me about the burger.  Still good and big portions, but being a burger LOVER myself, I don't think I would order it again.The fries were good, some were very truffle fragrant, and others were a little tame.  But considering the price of admission, they are a GREAT choice of a side, and I would order these every time I am here!Also tried the Fresh Morning Sandwich ($8): Egg Whites, Sauteed Spinach, Turkey Bacon, Sliced Tomato, Agave Tomato Ketchup, Multigrain Kaiser Roll, and Fresh Fruit. Tasted HEALTHY to me lol...good, but Cathy enjoyed it.  Might fit the bill if you are looking for guilt-free food.And to drink, we tried a 32oz "Create Your Own" Shake ($8.50): Strawberry, Banana, Frozen Yogurt, Soy Milk, and Double Nutella. For having double nutella, I couldn't really taste it, but the strawberry/banana was blended smooth and had a nice taste overall.  Drinks felt a little expensive here, so we shared a large one for a better deal.I'm sure I will be back at some point :)Pics :
3	I had the 'Juan Turkey Wrap' and was sadly very disappointed in it. I am usually not one for healthy food but thought i would give this place a try.It was just tasted like mush in my mouth and was no flavorful at all. You could not discern and of the different ingredients and just didnt taste very good. Ended up just dousing it in hot sauce.I am going to try and give this place another try and perhaps try ordering from the 'happy' side of the menu
5	The absolute best $11.43 I've ever spent on lunch. Hadn't tried it yet, but everyone in my office has been buzzing about it for months - I decided today was the day! Ordered the Portobello Mushroom sandwich (Shroomin in Philly - these name are comedy BTW) w/side of truffle fries. Mushroom sandwich was divine because the flavors meshed together so well, and it was not soggy. There was even some feta in there which gave it a kick! I'm not a fan of too much feta too often, but this small was surprisingly delicious.But these truffle fries....! No words. They're soft and oily..but in a good way. Not heart attack oily, but healthy oily! (Or so it seems) Definitely my favorite new fries in town, and that is not an exaggeration.The only things that irritated me was that the coffee seemed illegitimate (so I didn't get any) and getting there the first time was awkward because maps makes you take weird streets. And it's in a busy industrial center. Make sure to CALL & ORDER AHEAD!! It will save your life.
4	I felt like I was whisked away to San Francisco or San Diego when I stepped foot in here. The line was nearly out the door for lunch but it moved quickly. I took my order to go afraid I wouldn't find an open spot, but tables did turn over quickly too. I love the concept happy and healthy, it ought to please everyone. I opted to stay on the healthy side TBLT with sweet potato fries. The sandwich packed a lot of flavor and it was quite good. I'd definitely get it again. They also make a tasty sweet potato fry. The were a bit limp by the time I got them back to the office so next time I'd like to try them fresh. I'll take my chances and dine in.
3	#SkinnyFats #LasVegas 'The Cheeseburger Benedict': Yo! When you walk in, make sure you get ya'self the strawberry lemonade b. Make sure you do that. This was my first time here so the shorty with the nose ring over the counter recommended the burger with the egg. I added truffle fries for the ride along. You know Batman sometimes needs Robin but at the same time, he still the main dude ya'nahmean? The truffle fries are Robin. They good but they're not the main event, you understand? Anyway, they gave me the burger on a big ass tin plate that look like a sewer cap b. You know the ones the ninja turtles come out of? I saw mad yolk pourin' from the egg b, that shit look like watered down mustard when you first squeeze the bottle on your hotdog b and you get the bun kind of soggy. That's what that shit looked like b. I had to ask the dude for a steak knife so I can cut this big ass mondo burger in half, nahmean? I finally got my truffle fries after I split my burger that's why it's not in the picture. But when the fries came... I was like shit! How many potatoes y'all kill for that shit? But like I said they not the main event so I ain't pay em' no mind. I took a bite out the burger and surprisingly it wasn't soggy, that shit blew my mind, the burger stayed togetha but mad yolk got on my hands b. I used like 60 napkins but they keep a box right next to you, nahmean? It's like they knew I was gon get the egg b, like they saw me come in and was like "look at this cat, he bout to get the egg." Moving forward, you know I finished my burger, ate all my truffle fries, got my lemonade refill b and overall I was satisfied with the meal. But I can't give it the ultimate cheeseburger stamp because you know frankly it was pretty good but who ain't thought to put an egg in their burger before, nahmean? The name was clever but not as clever as the cheeseburger itself you know what I'm sayin'? Like son, the truffle fries was almost better than the main event. I would probably get this again tho if I was on a date and I wanted the shorty to be uninterested in me. It's a good date ender, you gotta eat kind of messy, be mad rude and shit nahmean? If you never, wanna see that broad again yo, order this. Overall I'll give this cheeseburger a 5 out of 7 rating. #MoochEats
2	I came here excited, and left VERY disappointed. I found this place via yelp after the great reviews, and the mention of the acai bowls (Im obsessed with acai). We came in, found the place crowded (which usually means the stuff is good) and waited in line. We decided to go with the acai bowls and eat them there. But, SkinnyFats only has about 8 tables and a bar with about 7 seats...and this place was very full...which was fine with us, we would wait. But apparently not fine with the workers!After about 5 minutes of waiting, one of the brunette female workers brought out our food, and was, "Oh you bowl is ready." Except we were still standing waiting for the seats to open up. After explaining this...she told us we could share with another couple at a table of 4. Well that would be awkward, since it's not a family style place and NO ONE else was doing that. And I don't want to be sharing a table with a random person couple starring into there faces as they eat. Sensing our discomfort she was like, "well since there's no seats you can just take it to go." We felt really awkward, uncomfortable and unwelcomed at this point, so decided okay, yah, I guess we will. The only problem was she then dumped the acai into a togo container, making it look entirely unappetizing, and then by the time we got home (20 minutes-we drove across town to try this place) the dish had turned to mush-in the heat-despite full air-conditioning. Wasted my 10 dollars on the bowl, 5 on gas, and my time coming here. My advice to the SkinnyFats is wait until your customer has there seat before bring out the food, we had stated we wanted to eat there so I think timing needs to be worked out.Will I try it again? Probably not...already wasted enough on them. Don't want to be disappointed again.
5	Friend took me here for lunch and thought it be a bad idea for me haha. Got the burger and it was awesome ! ! The fries tooooo goooood haha.
4	They deliver breakfast to my house. Breakfast!! Who does that? And you can order food online! Why should I ever eat dominos again?
5	My lady and I loved it so much, we came back for breakfast 2 days in a row! My favorites were the fresh morning sandwich and the very berry strong waffle. I also liked the skinny bowl and juan healthy wrap. What I really loved was the garden treat shake. I made it a little healthier by getting it with frozen yogurt and soy. It's a great hangover cure! Can't wait to go back. Stay thirsty and hungry my friends!
4	Definitely enjoyed my food. Had the Benedict burger and it was super tasty. Sweet potato fries are awesome as well. Honestly the options and layout of the menu is fantastic, odd location but still delicious. I think if it was somewhere with real foot traffic they would so busy. Kinda nice to have them where they are, but i do hope to see them open more locations
5	Have been here twice now trying a couple of different meals and all of them have been good. The burger they have is still my favorite. I only knew about this place because of Charity Faith recommendation on her facebook page and positive people seem to lead to positive outcomes so I went. I would have given 5 stars but I have 2 gripes. They need a bigger place because they have a pretty good thing going and it seems like a lot of people are enjoying their experience there. My last gripe is I really dislike them serving things that have to be cut on pizza pans. If I have to cut a burger with a knife and it bottoms out to the pan it makes that chalk board screeching sound.All in all a great place to eat, prices are decent.I want to also say that the first time I was there it was busy and I see a lot of reviewers have been there when its packed. Sit with a stranger and stop being so walled off, you might meet your next best friend.Changed my star rating to 5 from 4 since they now have nice plates and I eat here like once a week and we sometimes try new stuff they have on their menu and they don't have any food there that is anywhere near less that damn good. Top 5 best finds in Vegas IMO!
1	I wrote an earlier review from a few months ago, but SCRATCH THAT NOW.Oh man, i LOVED this place to pieces. but after what happened tonight. Too irritated now --youre in for a story:: So we came here feeling excited cause we havent been here in such a long time. We ordered our usual. We went to sit down, excited to get our food when we got asked by one of the servers to move at a smaller table cause apparently a party of 25 just came in. Us wanting to sit a table, it was okay. we understand.. then, a few minutes later.. we got asked again to move to the counter instead. AH REALLY?!  NOT COOL MAN. Thought the place was first come first serve. && i wasnt as irritated til i saw on the other corner that they never asked these two people who was at the other corner (those people werent with the party of 25) to move AT ALL. very unprofessional.. so we just decided to get it to go, that way there wont be a possibility that we'll be asked to move again while we eat aha. we werent even asked if it was okay with us. they just said the second time we got moved "actually were gonna need you guys at the counter.." were usually forgiving when it comes this kind of stuff considering that we didn't mind the first time but cmon, that just kinda ruined our appetite.SO NEXT TIME YOU COME, MAKE SURE TO MAKE A RESERVATION EVEN FOR A PARTY OF 2, cause you might be asked to move like that LOL
5	UH-MAZING. I had the salmon sandwich, it was a special. I hope they put it on their menu permanently. The ONLY thing that was a little frustrating was that I was in there at noon so of course it was packed, and the only two tables they had open were next to the window, it was just really hot and the sun was going into my eyes. They just really need some blinds or screens, or something. But their food is A++++. I'll be ordering stuff to go from now on though because of the lack of seating.
4	This hidden small treasure is worth trying more than once! The service is great and always trying to be helpful. I recommend the waffle, sriracha tacos, cucumber shake, & orange juice shake. The shakes are so refreshing & yummy! Not like a typical smoothie or shake from a Tropical Smoothie or Jamba. Next, I have to give props towards their actual dining area. It's quaint, colorful, vibing, has phone chargers, purse hangers, cute water jugs, & hip chairs. They lose a star from me for their overprices, few unappealing food items (buffalo chicken, fries) and office-like location. Despite the small location, I have hope they'll create another bigger & better location though. Other than that, this new place is above average & worth their concept.
5	Absolutely love this place! They should definitely expand into a bigger place because the spacing is pretty small, but I love their menu and what they have. Also it's environment is great. I definitely recommend!
5	This place is excellent the food was delicious and the customer service was perfect I would recommend this place anyone and everyone!
5	Ok so being a tourist in Vegas is often times hard because the draw is the craziness of the strip and everything it offers. Which is often times overpriced sub par food. We went to SkinnyFats tonight and absolutely loved it. Everyone was pleased by the end of the night and we may go back before we leave. The atmospheres is cool, the staff was super friendly and the food was ah inspiring. They have everything from breakfast foods to awesome dinner entrees and with 8 guests we tested them all. I am rarely this impressed.
5	the shroomin in philly and chix on broadway were top notch. the service was also excellent. would definatley return!
5	Man this place rocked. We wanted something different than the usual buffet crap in Vegas. So we went to yelp! It is a bit off the strip, but well worth the short drive!Great food - healthy or happy!! Fun menu and great food. Our food was super fast and pretty dang yummy. There was numerous employees around - The manager came and helped us with the menu - explaining how it worked and have us some great ideas for choices. Next time I come I will try some healthy or skinny but this time we ate happy or fat! It was so great! Food was in rich supply and delicious!!The waiter and other people helping out were fantastic, friendly, interested, and even burned our bacon so it had the crispy flavor that my wife loves!  To be clear, the bacon was cooked fine the first time, my wife just prefers the more crispy bacon! :-)We left happy and hopefully not too fat! I thought the prices were great for the amount and quality of the food we got. We will be back! Enjoy!!
4	Obsessed with their fresh pressed juices and ahi tacos. Reasonably priced, good quality is beyond adequate. Perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Only reservation is the size for seating. Otherwise, menu has a phenom concept.
4	I've only been to this place twice. Both times have been excellent. I would suggest you try the Apollo Fries they're very good with excellent flavor. Sometimes the services can be lagging nothing too terrible tho, but it's understandable because that place can get extremely busy. It's also pretty small so large parties would not be a good idea. Prices are decent not too much more or less than any other sit down restaurant. I've never really had favorite eat spot. This is now it. You can see their menu items thru their Instagram @eatskinnyfats . Check them out.
2	I'll start by saying... The concept is great. Execution is a completely different story. We were excited about the menu and ordered quite an array of items. We ordered a burger and truffle fries, Greek pizza, ahi sirachi taco, hot-mame, and strawberry lemonade. Let's start by saying I understand that this is a new place... Get it. I understand that they didn't anticipate such traffic... Get it. So.... The key is to make your guest who will be visibly irritated at the chaos & lack of uniformity feel important and happy. That's not happening. The employees are just as confused as the people arriving!!!We walked in never having been here. WE see that it's crowded... Assume we have to wait, which is fine. The guy at the front wants to tell me about the menu.... I'm not dense or stupid.... Ill figure the menu out. What I would like you to do is answer how I'm to proceed with my 2 year old son and 1 year old nephew and two other members of my party. He tells me there is no list to put our names down on and it's first come first serve. The problem with that idea is that there was already a line out the door and people standing around waiting for tables...... Let's put it this way, it's just a shit fest. The Blind leading the blind. Yeah you can take it to go..... BUT GO WHERE?!?? The place is on a desolate road near the strip. They get a two because the food was good. The other three stars they can get if I ever decide to come back to this place after they work the kinks out and get their shit together.....oh & after I visit every other restaurant that we'd like to in Vegas..... You know... Where they have seats and a staff. Not just food and a register. The highlight was the strawberry lemonade... Which for the other two people with me was horrible, for me was great bc it wasn't sweet and literally tasted like strawberry, lemon, and water. **side note: while there they asked a couple to move to the bar bc they were taking up seats at a table for a bigger party...... And people were at the ALREADY busy register asking for boxes and trying to correct wrong orders. ...... A MESS!
2	Kind of really bummed actually. I love coming here, the peeps are nice but today I gotta say, I was disappointed. Something I ordered came out wrong and when I went back to have it fixed, the girl didn't even apologize, she seemed irritated that I brought it back - the cooks yanked the plate out of the girls hand while she was telling then they mad it wrong - they should know that the expo window being right there, the customer can see and hear you.. I work in the food industry as a server myself, so I pretty much know how this situation should've gone.. But didn't at all. So at this point I felt like the bad guy that they didn't get my order right. So whatever, I get my food and it just didn't taste good at all. Like they threw it together. At this point I'm over it, and when they asked me how it was I told them it wasn't good, and that was that, turned around and walked off not even a sorry, or nothing for the whole situation. Totally bummed.
5	This hip diner constantly changes in tune for customer satisfaction. Unique dishes from light & healthy to ala carte preference in quantity & array of choices priced perfectly so you can enjoy more than usual and never be bored. I Know that is why we constantly return here for a friendly, customer motivated , and a Chef  whom is always trying to improve for the Customer. This is one place I have not been disappointed by for consistency.
4	I really like the ambiance that SkinnyFats has during non-peak hours. I see people complaining about how long the wait is during lunch and I don't know what they're expecting, but we came in at the tail end of the lunch rush and were able to get seating for 6 without any trouble at all.  It was a little cramped when we were standing in line to order, because it is a small space, but it's not like the staff can change that.  Everyone was really friendly!  Definitely going to be a regular for work lunches.
3	Cool location. I actually liked that this place is close to the strip, but away from the chaos. It's in a bit of an industrial park. Inside was very very crowded, but I did overhear one of the waitstaff talking about how they were expanding (maybe he was talking about something else...). It was a bit hard to order and not be on top of someone that was eating. It was just very cramped. We ordered a green smoothie and breakfast burrito. Now, I know a green smoothie is a big of a gamble...but, it tasted horrible - mostly like grass clippings. Maybe they could try adding some agave to take some of the edge off. The breakfast burrito was amazing though and a huge portion. It was probably one of the better burritos I've had! Good job on that guys. I'll need to revisit this place for any more stars.
3	SkinnyFATS is a modern cafe with devil or angel food options. Skinny being food that is light in calories and fat, while Fats will leave a smile on your face (and you may perhaps have to undo the to button of your pants up before leaving). Since this was my maiden voyage to SkinnyFats, I decided to satiate the devil and the angel. I ordered a Skinny Snack (Ahi Sirachi) and a Skinny Salad (Cobb Me Maybe) and I decided to suck it down with the Charlie Brownin' Shake on the Fat side.Walking in, you look over the the menu, and I had a very sweet girl explain everything to me: the concept, her favorites, and told me the specials of the day (pro-tip: specials change daily, check Facebook). She also offered me a free sample of their strawberry lemonade (so good). The place has a modern rustic feel and accents of bright, natural colors. There are even fun pictures of fruits, veggies, animals, happy faces painted on the walls. You place your order, then take a seat, and the bring your food and drink to you. The dining room is rather small, so I do not recommend this place for more than groups of 4. I placed my order, grabbed a seat, and some water, and then my parade of delicious came along. First the Ahi Sirachi. This was amazing. It was light and bursting with flavor. I highly recommend. The Cobb Me Maybe salad was okay. The ingredients were great, but for whatever reason, the dressing was just off... some things aren't meant to be light. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.My shake was heavenly: vanilla ice cream with NUTELLA (the nectar of the Gods), banana, and strawberry blended it. (This shake was on the kids menu, but upgraded to a 16 oz. size). It satiated the devil on my shoulder nicely.SkinnyFats is a solid place. They also have an assortment of juices, baked items, burgers, salads, soups, snacks, shakes, and breakfast that is served all day and that I am dying to try. I highly recommend giving this place a try. It wasn't 5 star awesome, but it sure does try.
5	Finally, we went at 6:30pm for dinner and it was a younger 20s crowd having great conversations. 2 dinner specials were offered: fried chicken or Game hen, served with spinach, fried rice or potatoes. yummy. We had TuNuts and it was the BOMB! Also, we had my favorite Ahi taco san with a soft shell that was much more manageable to eat and slob cobb salad. For the first time we had a Beet It Juice, healthy, but i think i will create my own next visit.
4	Quick look: solid little restaurant in an industrial neighborhood on Dean Martin facing the I-15. If you can find the place (look for busy parking lot), than you will have a quality, reasonably priced, fresh meal. In depth review: SkinnyFats has a solid buzz on the streets on Vegas with the locals at the current moment. Decided to try it last Tuesday and I am glad that I did. Really cool and hip casual vibe inside. Felt very comfortable and the staff was really nice and welcoming. Could tell they liked working there. I order the "Cranburky" (Turkey Burger) (($10)) off "The Healthy Side" w/ a side of sweet potato fries and the lady ordered the "More Cow Bowl" (($11.25)) off "The Happy Side" of the menu. In addition we ordered an iced tea and a fresh squeezed orange juice. The total was about $30 for he both of us. Sat down and it took about 10 minutes for our food to arrive at the table. They will bring it out to you. First impression is "Wow!" They give massive sized proportions. I had a giant plate of fries next to my turkey burger. My burger was amazing. Could taste every fresh ingredient and it was not greasy or messy at all. One of the better turkey burgers I have had in town. Will order this again and I highly recommend it. The sweet potato fries were stellar and very tasty!The lady had the Teriyaki filet bowl and said the meat was delicious. She had a complaint that I can vouch for as I sampled it. The fried rice in the bowl was wet and soggy. Too much juice from the meat and veggies and it ruined the taste of the fried rice. Could do a better job straining the fluids before they add the meat / veggies. Actually turned bowl upside down and strained a good amount of water from it right at the table. She still ate and enjoyed it. We had enough left over for a second tasty meal. They give you a lot! Juice was also steep in price. $8.50 for a 24 ounce OJ is a bit much. That's my opinion. But overall SkinnyFats is out to a great start. We will go back and try it again. Maybe this week?
1	Just Yelped for food and found Skinny Fats.  I had high hopes only to be let down. We ordered 2 chicken burgers and a waffle. My bacon was good, fruit awesome, waffle cold and hard as a rock. Needed a knife to get through it. The chicken burgers looked like processed chicken?  Over all tasteless aside from the fryes. Hope your experience is better then ours.
3	I really wanted to like this place more. Like everyone already said, it's hard to find. Although they do have little signs on the lamp posts that let you know you missed the building, cause it's bound to happen.  The restaurant is just too small, although I did go over lunch and it was incredibly busy. But it was off-putting. We couldn't sit until someone else got up from a table, and that just felt a tad awkward.I ordered the burger benedict. It was OK. Apart from the fried egg in the burger, nothing was "benedict" about the burger. I was thinking it would have hollandaise on it or something a bit more. And the burger meat was slightly underseasoned. The truffle fries are epic though and very addicting.The bf had the neato burrito. It was a breakfast burrito. Nothing remarkable about it.We tried them at Bite of Las Vegas and actually enjoyed it more there. I got the Chix on Broadway there, which was super yummy. Bacon makes everything better. We also tried the ahi siracha tacos. I know these are one of their best sellers, but I just thought they were OK.Like I said, I really wanted to like this place, but it was just OK. I probably won't be back anytime soon, at least not until they expand or something.
2	Delivery took an hour and I was 2 miles alway we ordered the most basics acai bowl and ahi poke and smoothies. I have worked in the industry before its a taco and granola bowl should of been 20 min tops. Should of gotten a discount. :/ dissapointed.
5	This place came highly recommended from some Vegas locals I know. I was in town for business and a made a point to come in. I had the neato burrito and was super happy I did! Staff was very friendly and attentive to my questions. The girl taking my order was very knowledgeable of the menu. The place was busy and it was a Wednesday at 2:00 PM. Menu is awesome so I cant wait to come back and try something new.
4	Random place for a restaurant, however don't mistake that for a complaint. What a concept, SkinnyFats. It's like the angel on one shoulder telling you to eat a salad or some ahi tuna but that devil on the other side is like "NO, CHOCOLATE BANANA PANCAKES, NOW!!!" I fairly waited to write this review til I had dined off both the skinny, and the fat side of the menu. Although the skinny side is excellent and has tons of options of just about everything the fat side does, I still prefer the fat side. Even with the salads! The Aphrodite wedgie was freaking amazing! They recommend add tuna for protein but I added avocado instead. Still great. I'd pass on the truffle fries again, but my boyfriend liked them. He got the Philly that comes with huge portobellos, mushroom heaven! My second visit I had the cheeseburger Benedict and it was a solid, home cooked burger with fresh veggies and egg. It exceeded my expectations actually. They also offer a cucumber water, love when places do that! There are also skinny and fat juices, shakes, and floats. Everything from a hangover helper, to a orange fanta float. Honestly, there are no way the creators of this menu weren't potheads. Creativity at its finest put into action. Well done. The only downside is parking your car, then parking your butt. Finding parking is rough, then getting food and dining in, even harder. Especially during lunch hour. If you do find a spot, there are people lingering over you, waiting for you to get up. I'm thinking outdoor dining in this area may be prohibited but would be a great idea if allowed. Other than that really nothing bad to say. I have also heard they have a secret menu and daily specials. I really like that they embrace diversity and let the employees be themselves as well. The owner of this place seems awesome, and I hear from a secret birdie they have chosen a new location for expansion. Nice!
4	SkinnyFats is the kind of place that you can't really describe, you just have to go there to experience it.The menu has two sides: the skinny side (healthy-ish food) and the fat side (drop dead delicious horrible-for-you food).  The concept is fresh and I find it amusing for some reason; the place makes me smile.  I also love the fact that they have infused water for patrons.  It's a nice treat.But the food is hit and miss I've found.  I love the Siracha Ahi Tacos, but there is soooo much dressing on the slaw that it drips everywhere and makes the tortillas soggy.  The chicken and waffles was excellent.  My friend got the Cranburkey sandwich from the Skinny side and said it was very dry.  The burger my husband had was amazing.  It seems like the Skinny foods are the ones that I'm slightly disappointed by, but the Fat foods are pretty damn delicioso.It's a neat little place that can get pretty packed.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	I've tried a variety of menu items here including the: TBLT, God Fries, Shroomin' Philly and chicken & waffles. Out of all those items I think I enjoyed the God Fries the most while everything else was okay. The God fries had chicken, feta and other things that made a nice contrast of flavors and textures. If you order the Shroomin' Philly, just note that it is vegetarian because there is no beef in there at all. You might be better off ordering the Phatty Philly even if it is on the Happy Side. I was deceived by the picture and thought there was meat until I started eating the sandwich. The chicken and waffles was pretty standard, but definitely no wow factor. Make sure to ask for the maple syrup on the side because there was a little bit too much for my liking. I haven't ordered these items but tried them from another person's plate:Tu nuts, Ahi Sirachi tacos, and Naked chicks all of which are very tasty and I highly recommend! If anything look at the Yelp pictures and if it looks good then it should be good. People talk about a line, but I guess that's only during the lunch hour rush because I've never encounter it on my past 4 visits. Ambiance is awesome as you can already tell from the pictures, this place is definitely trendy even the signs for the male and female restrooms crack me up. If you haven't been here yet, you gotta try it especially if you're on that "I eat everything healthy except my cheat day" diet.
5	This place is sooo good! I usually have their food truck where there is a limited menu , but I entered a drawing at one of the local LV events and won a $20 gift certificate. My brother was in town, so I decided to take him to this place. We went on a Wed afternoon and it was PACKED! I was surprised at the size of the place. It is really small, but the portions, prices, and service make up for the long wait. I also found out they have online ordering, which is always great. The food was fantastic. I had the veggie sandwich, my brother had a typical breakfast, and my sister in law had the burger. Portions were massive, and for 34 bucks(before the gift card) is not bad.I also love the concept of this place. It has two sides of the menu; a HAPPY and HEALTHY. One side is healthy food, and the other is...not...so healthy. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for well made food that is unique to Las Vegas.
4	This place is awesome! Awesome staff & most importantly the food is delicious! The only down side to this restaurant is that they need a bigger space. It gets so packed that their is no where to sit.
5	Great place for eats. Truffle fries were amazing, as well as you can get the sweet potato fries truffle style. Pizza is all gluten free (and good!). They have many healthier options, as well as things similar to chicken and waffles. Now I've been to Roscoe's out in LA, and they have great chicken and waffles, but these guys offer a comparable dish.Service was amazing! Decor was phenomenal. All their advertising was top notch too. Hands down, one of the better restaurants I've been to this year.They are reasonably priced. I ordered the philly steak sandwich, $12 (it was the most expensive thing on the menu). Chix on Broadway sandwich for my wife, $9. Pizza for our daughter, $9. Our friend ordered the Cranberry Turkey burger, it was around $9. We all finished everything, but were stuffed. Everything was great.Only downside is they are kind of out of the way. But they do cater, and they do deliver to nearby areas. Still worth a trip though, just to check out the spot.Supposedly they're expanding to near Boca park and also near the downtown area. If you get a chance, check them out.
5	First off this place gets busy & has limited seating because of how packed it can get. It is located a bit out of the way however it is definitely worth the drive because the food is just that good. The interior decor of this place is really nice to, definitely some interesting things to keep your mind occupied while you wait for your food. The aesthetically pleasing interior combined with impeccable cleanliness to this place made me feel comfy and at ease.I was fortunate enough to chat with the owners a bit (skinny & fats) and these guys are super down to earth and stoked on any input from the customers. They are on site regularly and take pride in their food. They are constantly doing specials and making all kinds if secret menu items (chicken and waffles is a must). As far as the regular menu goes it is creative, well done, and most likely inspired by some pot smoking. The idea of choosing skinny or the fat side of  menu is a great edge to this spot and you can't go wrong whichever way you go. Also the employees here are great to, nothing but smiles from all of them!All in all I have nothing but great things to say about this place. Yes it gets crowded and yes seating can be a pain and yes it's a bit off the beaten path. But it is worth putting up with these three issues, good food at goo prices are hard to come by these days.
5	I've been wanting to check this place out ever since I read my fellow Yelper and friend Dyanna's review! So when we decided to have one of our lunch dates I voted to go here. We went on a Wednesday at 10:30am because they do have limited seating if you go closer to lunch it fills up fast, but let me tell you totally worth it!  The menu has the healthy side and the not so healthy side. It is soooo very hard to pick. I wanted to order ALL the things! (they also have a secret menu if you ask) I was torn between the Shroom'in in Philly and the Chix on Broadway. The staff said I wouldn't be disappointed with the Chix on Broadway and I wasn't! It had a huge chicken breast that was very juicy! The bun was lite and didn't fall apart when I cut it in half. It also had lots of cheddar cheese on it. I choose a house salad to go along side and that too was huge and yummy! Dyanna ordered off the secret menu and got chicken and waffles. Which was huge as well and piled with chicken on top of a crisp waffle. SkinnyFats also has cucumber water that you can refill yourself. Total score! They have fresh juices, smoothies and shakes that sound really good. I'd go back just to get something off their snack menu and get a smoothie. It's a great place for all ages they even have a kids menu! The staff is very friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back and try ALL the things!
5	Awesome food & super friendly staff! Ordered the Phatty Philly & it was delicious. The truffle fries were amazing. It does get busy & seating is limited but overall a great experience.
4	Delicious and reasonably priced. Love that there are healthier options if you're looking to cut calories, dairy, and or gluten. They also have a secret menu, which has one I my faves, chicken and waffles.
4	Interesting concept and menu.  Fun and cute decor.  Very helpful and friendly staff.Don't come at lunch expecting a wide range of lunch items...your choices will be pizza, burgers, a few sandwiches or salad.  The menu has more breakfast type selections...waffles, pancakes, breakfast burritos, wraps and eggs...whether they be off the healthy or happy side.The Neato Burritto was fresh and tasty.  The Fresh Morning Sandwich was okay.  The Truffle Fries were very yummy.Quite honestly the menu was confusing so allow for a little more time to study all of your options.I overheard about a "secret menu" after we ate and I have no idea what is on it, but maybe you want to ask about it.Also there is quite a following here so expect a line to order and possibly a wait for a table.
4	I knocked off a star because of how small the location is. I have heard rumors that suggest they are looking at bigger locations which I hope is true.  Food is yummy. Had the ahi taco & for the prize I am in total Ah! Everything is so well put together... Toppings to sauce its an A+ Shakes are decently priced & tasty but in my opinion their juices are a tad over priced. I also had a latte & that was well crafted too.Kudos to Skinnyfats. Hope you expand soon!
2	Well, had high expectations. Interior is nice, but that's about where it ends. had a breakfast sandwich with egg, bacon, tomato, avocado, and some kind of Aioli. Well, this was about the blandest sandwich I've ever had. they made the eggs 7inches in diameter while the bun (and don't be fooled, the "brioche" bread was nothing more than a hamburger bun. no taste whatsoever of any kind of "Aioli" in there, and the avocado was not ripe and had a weird lemon taste to it. The potatoes were literally cubed and over-fried pieces, and there were many "crumbs" included. Pricing was definitely above where it should be. Next, sampled the pancakes with bananas and chocolate syrup, and whipped cream. Yeah, portion here, way too big, and it was diabetes in a plate. This may be opinion, but trying to make it into a meal by adding bacon on the side doesn't bode well. This was definitely one that you'd have to share with a large table, because no one person can fathom eating this. Coffee was average. Took a long time for service. Probably won't be back. This place plays on the naming, environment, cool graphics and all, but at the end, food is mediocre.
3	SkinnyFats is located in an awkward, small office park on Dean Martin near Sunset with minimal parking and minimal space inside, so if you're planning on a weekday lunch be prepared for a bit of a crowd and nowhere to park. The restaurant is equally small but colorful with just a handful of two- and four-top tables, and maybe ten seats facing a high counter along the window. There are veggies and animals painted all over the walls, with fun metal corrugated ceiling tiles. It's a loud, lively space, and gets a bit hectic when it's crowded. The menu has a healthy and unhealthy side, both filled with quite a number of items for breakfast, lunch or dinner. On the healthy side you will see juices, snacks, gluten-free pizzas and sandwiches. On the unhealthy side, or happy side as they call it, you have choices of shakes, waffles, snacks, sandwiches, and more. There seems to be plenty of options for whatever you're looking for, and I'll certainly have to stop back in to try some more.So as usual I came for one thing, and in this case it's their Cheeseburger Benedict: 1/2lb angus burger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, cheddar, avocado, red onion, fried egg and SF sauce. What came out looked great, but was kind of like the Rollin' Smoke burger I ate a few weeks ago; too damn large to properly enjoy. There's something to say of the spectacle, but the oversized assembly makes for a slightly inedible burger. The moment I picked it up and gave it a squeeze I could tell the bun might be a bit dry. The patty was sticking out from the edges of the bun so I was able to sample it on its own; it was of good quality and cooked well. The bun was indeed a bit too dry, and on first bite a bit too thick as well, but the burger quickly got messy so I saw the need for something with a bit more substance. The egg had good flavor but got a bit lost in everything, there was tons of cheese that had good flavor, although some of it still wasn't melted by the time it got to my table. The lettuce was prominent and proportionally just enough, and the pickles were also good. I knew the avocado was there because a few slices fell out, but I couldn't taste it within the burger with all those other flavors mixed in. If this burger was simplified and you could properly sample some of the intended flavors it could be really great, but there is just far too much going on to enjoy this. Does any burger really need a fried egg, onion, pickles, avocado AND a sauce? I guess many people would argue that this is what a burger is all about, but for me it's a bit much. Oh and as for that sauce, I don't even know what it tasted like, and for me that's the problem.The truffle fries on the other hand were really good; almost all of them were cooked well and they were very flavorful. I found myself eating them well after my giant burger was done. Again, I feel like I have to defend myself with my slight disappointment; a massive burger is a great thing, but when you add too many toppings they start to cancel each other out. Maybe the solution is choosing only one or two of their offered toppings, which could provide a slightly simplified and very flavorful burger. For $10.50 with fries this really isn't a bad deal, I just found it to be a few too many items piled together. Still, the menu looks great, and all the food looks to be of very good quality, so I'll surely be back to try other items soon.
4	Really cool place with a lot of unique dishes. Filet mignon truffle fries and chili garlic edamame are bomb. They have the best buffalo chicken fingers I have had in Vegas so far and the pineapple teriyaki rice bowl is real good and filling as well. Highly recommend this place if you are a foodie like me.
3	SkinnyFats is tucked off the Strip in an industrial setting, but the inside and outside of the restaurant has been redesigned to have its own unique (and cute!) feel. There's a cheery banner outside and the inside is covered in wood and painted with produce - it's a bit cramped once you're in, but it works. I've only been once, so I'm not sure how crowded or how long a wait might be during busy times.I had the Juan Healthy Wrap, which was jam-packed with protein and HUGE. It got a little soggy, probably from the pico de gallo, but it was still tasty. My boyfriend got the Drunken Monkey Cakes, and our friends got the apollo fries and the Slow Boat to China. All of our food was good, and it came out pretty quickly. Everything was pretty reasonably priced, too.Why three stars? I didn't see much on the menu that makes me want to go back and eat there again. I had two of the three things I wanted to try when I was there, and while it was good, I didn't have a hard choice of picking between all my options. I seem to be the only person among my friends who feels this way, though, so maybe it's just me. I'd def. recommend trying SkinnyFats, though!
5	As I sit at the bar eating my "Smoke In a Bowl", watching planes take off from McCarran international, I realize that I have never once, in 22 years, been in a restaurant that I enjoyed this much. The food is not incredible. I have nothing to complain about at all - it's not like I'm at a fine steak house or anything. It's very good for the price. Staff is friendly, attentive and quick to service. Good attitude. The room, albeit a bit cramped, is bright and lively with some fun art on the walls. The music they play is exactly what I listen to on my own or in my car. Awesome!
5	The food was excellent and very fun. I really enjoyed the interesting menu items. It is not often that you get to see such unique variety in healthy items. Everything tasted fantastic. My only complaint, I wish they had more seating.
3	Stopped by SkinnyFats for post work feeding.Decided to stop by because everyone was raving about this place. I had to check it out. Beforehand, I checked out the menu to see what I can devour on. I was sold on the ahi tacos. Yup that's it. Oh yeah, fries too. But fries is like a staple food. Comes and goes with EVERYTHING!Anyway, back to the ahi tacos. Ordered two cause I was hungry and greedy. Took a bite out of it, it wasn't all that. It was alright. It had coleslaw like salsa and of course ahi.For my fries, I asked if they could put feta cheese on it. I tried to make it Greek-y.Would come back though...for something else. Like a pizza.
3	I'm actually quite sad that the consistency of the food has changed since they became really popular.  At first, I would order delivery for work and it was on time or early.  As the weeks passed, the delivery times got worse.  One order was skipped over so we waited an hour passed our set deilvery request time.  Today, the order is 30 minutes late and counting as I write this review.  On top of inconsistent delivery, the last order we did was pretty  bad.  It was as if the food was pretty much dumped into the boxes.  The burgers came tossed around and the tacos were soft and not crunchy.  It wasn't tasting all that great.  When we ate in the next day, it was okay.  I'm crossing my fingers that today's delivery tastes and looks better.I really hope that the consistency for delivery times and food quality goes up from here.  If not, there's always another burger and taco joint in town.
5	The hubby and I decided to try this place again, and man...what a difference! We came late at night, probably 8pm? so we didn't have any trouble finding seats and the staff was quite at there leisure and willing to help us pickout our dinners this night. What we got: They have a really phenomenal iced tea (I like them cool, refreshing and unsweatened...this hit the mark perfectly) 5/5the truffle fries, they were good, but I wasn't amazed and probably wouldn't order them again. 3/5Ahi Srirachi taco very good 5/5Ahi taco san very good 5/5Flat chix and greens. LOVE, love this concept, it's just a lean chicken breast that becomes the "crust" with a bunch of dark argula greens and sauce. so healthy and yummy!! 5/5Nice to Greek pizza. when we ate it there i didn't really like it 2/5, but when i warmed it up the next day it was REALLY good. i think the crust softened a bit and we liked it! 5/5Also, this is an odd think to notice, but I love the decor, they have the B-ball game on, and their bathrooms are really clean. (It shows that the business cares about every aspect of their restaurant)
5	Amazing concept! Fresh chicken.  Naked chix are delicious.  Flat chicken outrageous.   Can't wait to go back to try more.   Great work guys.  Great staff.  Keep smiling.
5	This is most definitely one of Vegas' best hidden gems! Even with use of gps my friends and I had trouble finding this spot, but boy are we glad we did! Their menu has multiple options for the health conscious folk & those who don't give a phuck about calorie content alike, and that's what makes this place so incredibly awesome! Definitely some of the best food I've ever had, and I'll definitely be coming back!
5	Not much I can say that has already been said about this place. Food is simply amazing, I recommend checking out there Instagram or pics here if you need some help picking out what you want to get. Secret menu galore
5	This place was amazing!  Super healthy and everything tasted great!  The location is a little bit off the beating path, but worth it!  The fresh fruit juice smoothies are off the hook!
4	What an interesting concept, mashing two menus of healthy and unhealthy or "happy" food all in one. The location of this place is weird, almost like you're driving to a doctor or lawyers office parallel to I-15. I decided to go with the monkey cakes (s'more/banana pancakes) and a side of healthy brown rice. Interesting combo I agree!  The brown rice was really good and fresh. The pancakes were a large portion but unfortunately the bananas are not baked into the batter, but placed on top. Overall they were good cakes but not to the level of Eat or Gold Spike cafe. That being said I love the concept and will return to try a few more menu items. The prices are fair so I see no harm!
5	I love that you have the option to build your own juice or smoothie... You can choose up to four ingredients for the standard cup sizes, or add as much as you want (for an additional cost per ingredient). The food is also fantastic.
5	Amazing place! Everything here is perfect. Bomb food and awesome customer service! A must try and must go to! Love the cups and the atmosphere! :)
5	Awesome lunch or dinner spot when your an on-the-go kind of person. Food is amazing and the staff is friendly. Yes it does get a lunch rush because its the best spot in town. I love the TBLT and the flat chix with greens. If your havent been here, go see what you're missing. Both healthy and happy options. Love it.
5	Love this place!My boyfriend and I try to come here once every few weeks and it never disappoints. I'm a vegetarian and he eats anything and everything so there's something for everyone!If I feel skinny enough to consume some extra calories I'll get the Happymess and substitute the steak for portabello mushrooms. Yum! Pretty much anything on the menu can be made vegetarian so just ask!If you follow Skinnyfats on Instagram you can get the scoop on what specials they have that day and what's on the secret menu.
4	Great idea for a restaurant! My vegan mom was pleased with the healthy side, and I loved the fish tacos I got. Waaay larger portions than I anticipated. Everyone left happy :)
5	SkinnyFats is definitely a modern concept for Vegas. It preaches sustainability and fresh ingredients for healthy and delicious food. I have been a few times and each was not a disappointment. Initial view makes it look expensive. Once you see the amount of food you receive for the price, it is a steal. It is definitely one of the new favorite places.The first visit had me reeling at how delicious the food is. The Smoke in a Bowl is one of my favorites. The mixture of sweetness from the agave BBQ chicken mixed with the savory components made it well balanced. The second time; I got the Slow Boat to China and the aPollo fries. It is a generous portion of both. The hollowed out half cucumber topped with chicken salad and a mixture of sauces was excellent. The sweet potato fries topped with a mixture of sweet and savory. It was odd at first to remember that there are olives, cranberries, chicken, feta, and arugula topped with a balsamic reduction. It worked well together. The breakfast fell into the same catergory. Satisfactory for the most part. I had a few bites of the Creme Brulee french toast and enjoyed it without the maple syrup. The beet salad is nothing special and was the biggest disappointment. I just don't think about them and it was another perfect experience.
4	you can get skinny and fatty food off any restaurant's menu, but it's still a pretty genius idea to make this place all about having both options to make everybody happy. the crazy lines at lunch aren't exaggerated, but we luckily beat them by about 10 min getting there right at noon on a weekday. we even managed to snag a table as someone else left - yay!i got the "healthy" cranburkey w a "happy" side of slaw chee. the turkey burger on its own was decent, but adding the slaw chee to the burger made it really great. all the flavors meshed really well together. my friend went with chix on broadway w sweet potato fries - basically a fried chicken blt. it was good, but nothing exceptional. if you have a big appetite this would be good for you - i don't think i've ever seen such a big chicken breast before. the fries reputation on yelp was exaggerated a little imo - they were typical sweet potato fries. overall i liked skinnyfats, and would go back if i'm in the area. my one complaint is that since they're saying certain things are healthy, they really need to back it up with nutritional values at least on their website if not the menus. the cranburkey was definitely healthier than the fried chicken sandwich, but by how much? it was regular ground turkey, not turkey breast, so it wasn't exactly low in fat or calories. it was also a pretty big honey wheat bun - so i'm guessing probably a couple hundred calories for the bun alone? i'm not a calorie counter obviously, but it would be nice to have a little more info since "healthy" can be pretty subjective
5	Obsessed with Skinny Fats. I've had just about everything on the menu. They are always packed, but the staff is awesome. Could be a bad thing to my belly and pockets that our offices are right next door. And the fact that that they have increased operating hours. I'm in trouble.
5	I have been here quite a few times.  Great friendly service, with consistent food and affordable prices.   The "Slow Boat to China" is my favorite.  I also love The "Cool-Mame"  It's hot edamame dusted with a ranch powder and served with a ranch dressing dipping sauce.  The tomato bisque and chicken noodle soups are good as well.  The artwork is colorful which makes a happy atmosphere.  It can seem a little small and crowded when it's busy but it's worth it. The place is a hidden gem and can be a little hard to find even after you have been there.  I watch for the big beer bottle shaped sign on the Vegas Strip Side of the Freeway.  If you are heading South on Dean Martin it's on your right shortly after you go over the railroad track crossing.
1	I do not get why any of you think the food is Good here .... OR HEALTHY!!! Where are the Nutritional Facts for any item on these menus? Anyone ever think about that. I was really happy to think there was a Healthy Restaurant here that was hip and fun but what I thought about this place does not represent what any of you went through.  The place is Crowded and smells Funny.  I ordered the Ahi Tacos and you can use some salt, Use sea salt for God's Sake.  It's Healthy and good for you.  Those were the driest nastiest fish tacos I have eaten in my life and I am very well traveled.  If you think no flavor means healthy you would be incorrect.  My Boyfriend got their french fries so I tried a couple DISGUSTING they are drowned in a low grade Truffle oil and taste HORRIBLE! The Sweet Potato fries were just ok.  They do not use any Fruits or Vegetables in Season, so they do not seem to know much about what they are doing.  The food cooked there is MEDIOCRE AT BEST!  Why this place gets crowded is BEYOND BELIEF! Tell the cooks to learn how to cook out of passion and not out of routine. And put some nutritional Facts up about your food.  I want to know what I ingest and how much work I need to do later.  And I got a Milkshake, It was so RUNNY it wasn't a shake at all. It was MILK! Learn how to make a milkshake. If I could give you 0 Stars I would have. If you go here thinking this is some good food obviously your Pallet has never been refined to great foods.  This place is gross.
4	I really like the fact that this place is a great compromise for friends, family, and couples that aren't on the same kind of diet. While I ordered the Drunken Gypsy french toast (or something like that), I would order more from the skinny menu if I could go here regularly. (I stopped here on a road trip.) The french toast was delicious and the girl  at the counter was very friendly and helpful. Also, the smoothie with froyo was bangin.
4	Very delicious! There were so many choices... I was overwhelmed. I had the breakfast with the potatoes, eggs and sourdough bread. The way to potatoes were prepared was delicious. I took one star off because it was really small inside and they forgot my fruit that I had asked for.. The fruit that was brought out was very wilted/ not fresh..Otherwise, very friendly and delicious. Maybe next time I'll eat off the skinny menu...
5	Great spot! Food is awesome!  Try the Benedict it's awesome!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. The food is amazing and it had a cool fun atmosphere. I literally eat here at least 2 times a week! I love the ahi tacos and the slow boat to china. They need to open more!!! Forever a customer! Skinny fats rules greens and proteins and that nasty protein house place suck ass.
5	again, I cannot stress the advice to people visiting Vegas to visit & eat places off the strip. place is hip, friendly, delicious and healthy. the ambiance is super chill, the staff is great and the food is amazing with a little of every thing. I recommend the chix broadway sandwich. The naked chix were great as well and (see photo) the Skinny Bowl with Acai Sorbet, granola, bananas, strawberries, almonds, and agave nectar is ridiculously delicious. As is their hot mame (see photo) which is chili garlic edamame. Great find!!!! please expand to LA, haha
4	Everyone has a bad day, so does every place. So I gotta update my review - I must say this is one of our favorite spots., I try really hard to try everything on the menu, they give you 10% off forever if you do try everything on their menu (they keep track), which is really cool. The healthy waffle is delish, I tried the Shroomin In philly which was really good, along side a strawberry lemonade and I'm set! Hope they open another one soon, it can get crowded.
4	much needed healthy option in Sin City! I know it's only been 7 months or so since they opened but they need to expand soon :) their juices were solid
5	Obsessed. Deff on the must-eat-and-go-back-again-and-again list for Vegas. The good: The menu has a "happy" ie delish and calorie filled side and then "healthy" still delish options. The spot is in a random location but really cool inside. Colorful, cool art, nice staff. Specials! If you follow them on Instagram @eatskinnyfats they have daily specials and a secret menu.The chicken and waffles on the secret menu is deeeelish.The Bad: specials run out fast so if you want it get in there! Great spot. Check it out.
4	So I work pretty close to this place and I stop in here at least once a week to get a quick bite. Ive stuck to the happy side of the menu and I have been pretty happy every time I eat there. The portions are filling and the people that work there are kind and upbeat. This place has a nice vibe to it and certainly deserves a visit if you're in the area for lunch.
5	Its a first come first serve restaurant where you order at the cashier and they bring your order to the table. Its kind of hard to find but i guess its useful so it doesnt get that much of rush. (Its a pretty small place). The place itself looks really unique.  The Shroomin' in Philly is to die for.
5	I've heard a lot about this place and after months of meaning to get here, I finally tried it out. It's a little hidden (it's right before the train tracks on Dean Martin if you're facing north), definitely small, but very clean and brightly decorated. When my friend and I entered almost right away we were asked if it was our first time there, and a nice guy behind the counter went over the menu with us. Great service and cleanliness gets an automatic three stars in my book as long as the food is decent. The food surpasses decent. A lot of this is because they had exactly what I was craving, exactly how I wanted it. I got their Cheeseburger Benedict (lettuce, tomato, red onion, cheese, avocado, some kind of delicious sauce, and a nice runny egg) which has everything I like on a burger. If I could "build my own burger" this is precisely what I want on it. They give you a choice of sides and I got the salad. It's a good size salad with romaine, tomato, and onion served with ranch. Nothing to write home about, mostly because in America you don't write home about a side salad. Everything is served on actual plates and metal silverware, which when I wasn't expecting, but it was a nice touch. If I wasn't so adamant about eating a burger, it would have been difficult to choose what to eat. There menu is a decent size and it caters to the fattys (ME) and somewhat to people trying to eat on the healthier side, although I'm not really sure the healthy versions are THAT much better for you. It seems like this place probably gets busy (small and in an industrial part of town), but they have you covered since you can order online. I'm always excited to try out places that aren't conglomerate branded restaurants, but I'm WAY more excited when local places do things right and SkinnyFats delivers.
5	Smallish, very clean space that is decorated with flare outside and in (see photos). Clientele includes parents with young ones in high chairs, gym work-out buddies, and wifi seekers such as myself. It does get busy but seems to have just enough space to seat everyone. Chairs are comfortable, tables seat two or four, and a long high bar with stools comes with a row of outlets for laptops, plus a view of McCarran airport planes taking off. Food? Great to delicious. Half of the menu lists healthy eats, the other half "happy" options. Their drunken gypsy french toast is brilliant and comes with perfect applewood bacon. I usually don't bother with syrup, but theirs is divine. Truffle fries are tasty. Filter coffee is fine. Service is friendly and attentive. Staff try hard to make a great impression on each patron. Great reputation they have and most deserve. I'm a repeat customer.Only con: Sometimes the music is super loud.
4	Don't come Durring lunch it is too packed.. However food is good and definatley a cool place to check out.
4	Want to know where the good places to eat are? Ask a local. Thanks to Chelsea at Impact Archery for recommending SkinnyFats. Whether you are a dedicated carnivore or a hard core vegetarian SkinnyFats has good food you will love.We went for lunch and it was busy. This is one of the better kept secrets off the Strip. Food is excellent. The service is good. Despite being packed the establishment was clean and well-kept. If anything they need a bigger place. Undoubtedly they will become more popular.Prices were reasonable and on par with quality.
4	Great attention and environment if you're shooting for the small hole-in-the-wall scene. The food was OK, it could use some more salt. I had the smoke in a bowl and a mr. Green skinny juice. If you want to have a large selection of healthy foods, give this place a try
5	The hype is true. SkinnyFats is delicious, affordable, and way cute. It is quietly snuggled on Dean Martin drive where business buildings and a strip club are located. It's Vegas, don't be so surprised. The space is quaint and small with limited tables and just a handful of barstools. I have been fortunate enough to always beat the lunch rush. Their walls are hand painted with  pictures of vegetables from what I could remember. I love their acai bowl aka SkinnyBowl and recently ventured to their Happy Side and ordered the "happyness". It is sliced pieces of steak with truffle fries. SO GOOD. If you haven't tried it out, you're missing out!
4	My husband and I drove all the way from North Las Vegas to try this place. It was very good. I can understand all the reviews about the size of the place. It is quite small with approximately 8 tables or so. Despite the size, very trendy and inviting.I LOVE THE REUSABLE CUPS!!! Great idea and forward thinking marketing. Next time I use mine it's great advertising for them. Since we drove 30 miles to eat here, I was very excited. I had previewed the menu online and read fellow Yelpers reviews before our journey. I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted to order. My husband ordered the Chix on Broadway and the Caprazy salad. I ordered the slow boat to China and the Chix Flats. Slow boat to China was Delicious! The sauces were delicious and the perfect sweet/salty/creamy compliment to the fresh cucumber flavor. The Chix Flats was tasty as well. The chicken was juicy and the salad on top was fresh and flavorful. My husband was highly impressed with the Chix on Broadway. It was a huge sandwich. He had to cut it in half in order to be able to hold it. I had a piece of the bacon from his sandwich, Thumbs up! The truffle fries were just ok... the balsamic ketchup was the perfect compliment to them. The Caprazy salad was good. Nothing all that different or special about it. The service wad excellent. Our food came out quickly and correctly. There was a very nice young man that cleared our plates and asked us about our meal. He was very friendly and we spoke about how far we had traveled. He was sincere in thanking us as we left and invited us to return. Since our visit I have found out about the "secret menu" & I cannot wait to visit again!!!
3	Out of all the places I've tried, I really wanted to like it. Atmosphere: as a group of first timers, we were a bit confused. The space feels a little tight, especially if you take awhile to decide what to eat. Grab a seat and take your time, then when you go to the counter it'll be easier to order. I like the vibe of the place. The decorations are different from what you usually see at other places.Food: I got the chicks on broadway sandwich with truffle fries. I thought the sandwich was okay. I feel like it lacked some taste. I actually liked it more as leftovers because the sauce was thicker from being out. The truffles fries were decent. If I wanted fries, I think I would have just got the regular ones. I do wish that they had a better iced coffee selection.I think id try this place, but get something different. Maybe something from the healthier side.
4	I tell you...I need to do a better job in 2014 taking care of some of my bookmarks.  I've had SkinnyFats bookmarked ever since I read Amanda M and Nelson Q's review back in July. The gf even told me about this place and wanted to go.  She made it, I didn't.  But now I'm here. So if you read the other reviews, then you get the gist of what SkinnyFats is all about.  They have a "Healthy" side and a "Happy" side.  Obviously, the "Happy" side is your higher calorie options while the "Healthy" side is for those trying to clean it up.  There's a selection here for everyone, which makes this place a must try at least once.  But a place like SkinnyFats may not be for everyone.   First of all, the Healthy side isn't super clean.  It's just clean for eating out.  As for their "Happy" side, it's higher calorie but not crazy high.  As a first-timer, I decided on getting something on the "Healthy" side. What I get? I got their Healthy Juan Wrap, which consisted of egg whites, chicken breast, black beans, turkey sausage/bacon, brown rice, cilantro yogurt, cheese and pico all wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla.  When I ordered this bad boy, I was told that the Juan had 3 egg whites and 6 oz. of chicken.  My goodness, this has to be 50+ grams of protein.  Sweet..this takes care of two meals for me.  I loved my order.  I know it's a wrap, but to me this tasted like a healthier version of huge breakfast burrito.  I killed it and left SkinnyFats satisfied.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=GolhEXzqrzu1AthjhU7RFQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQNow for the ambiance.  SkinnyFats is one popular and tiny restaurant.  I say popular because the lines made it outside.  This place gets crazy and loud.  And because it gets so busy around noon, our orders took some time.  So take my advice, SkinnyFats is a place to try, but not around lunch time.PS:  I'm sure that I will be back.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gqksGYp585yrpB2re-gq0w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
3	This was a very cool place - small so if you are going during a lunch or when it's busy expect to eat at a counter or get lucky with one of the few tables.The theme of this place is that there are some really "healthy" menu items and some really "heart clogging" menu items; all seem to taste good, you just pick from the "mood" you are in.  I was in the "heart clogging/healthy" mood so went for a chicken meal and it was really good.  Definitely a great experience and would like to try more of the menu when back in the area.
5	Yes.  Many options for the skinny and the fats.  You will find something you'll like.  Must see - the restroom sex indicators.
4	Meet asian persuasion family for lunch jump start Shirley B birthday part one at Skinny Fats. Half of us old timers where I was in the half of first timer. I never even heard of this place without help of  my yelp family. Its gotten lot of buzz hear people talking about SkinnyFats. I excited about checking the hype. Talk about interesting location. I totally wrong turned it  so had too big circle loop back along way notice that nothing around it at all. If looking for restaurant never find it. It located in more of small retail business office area rather then free standing restaurant. Make sure going down Dean Martin Drive keep your eye out for the big happy smile face. Once you do find it realize SkinnyFats is diamond in the rough. Never think such small office space that they could be putting out amazing Healthy or Happy side meals. They truly do!!! I was surprise by the selection too choose from since such tiny place. Really only hold less then fifty seats. We all meet up at craziest time lunch prime time. Literally if not for Mel and Terri showing up before or around 11am never got seat. Noon the place is ridiculous. The line out the door and good luck finding place too sit down. There reason why the place is packed really good food.I went with the Phatty Philly. Amazing. I love the fact nice thick slices of meat not your typical philly style sandwich. Even the portobello mushrooms (perfectly roasted and well seasoned) nice thick slices. The goat cheese and the onions. Sure missing two more ingredients. It had lot of things going on inside but the BEST part was everything balanced each other too perfection. Every bite was awesome. The bread that the served on was great! Not sure if cause Happy side but my order came with side. I went with the truffle fries. I thought was solid. I love the condiments that each table came with especially the salt shaker. Flavor ketchup swear that was first for me. Balsamic or Jalapeno flavored ketchup. Interesting. I never tried either but next visit taste them with some fries. The service was great. Even when it was mad crazy they did great job of keeping up on everything. They thanked you for your patience once got your food. Sure plan on coming back but not during rush hour traffic. Bit much.
5	Amazing fresh food. Lots of Paleo options. Fresh menu, fresh concept, fun place to eat. The sitting area is a little small so go early if you can.
5	Friday Morning - got my usual breakfast sammy (chipper morning - never disappoints!) Friday night - picked up a ton of good eats for the weekend (half my check goes to this place I swear!) & even though my order was pretty jacked up & some of the staff can be a little rude at times- everything was still delicious!
5	This place was recommended to me by my MMA coach and I was not disappointed. Amazing food, great customer service, very clean, and awesome staff! Thanks for the great experience guys, I'll be back soon!
4	Been meaning to come here forever! It was one thing or another that delayed me trying this place but finally I made it! Glad I did too! Lunch hour here is crazy busy! Good thing Mel & Terri R was able to snag a table for us since they got there early.Everything off the Skinny /Healthy and Happy/Fats side sounded really good! I ended up getting two entrees! Bonjour Brulee a breakfast entree and Beets by Goat a salad entree off the "Healthy" menu side.I chose the Skinny side not because it was the healthier choices but because I love goat cheese and arugula incorporated in my salads and beets too!  And when the Bonjour Brulee french toast topped with fresh berries, drizzled in agave was presented to me, I was impressed! So I had no regrets with my choices! Both salad and french toast were delicious! It also came with two silver dollar turkey sausage patties which I skipped.  I took a bite and didn't like it anyways. So I can do without that. The juices and shakes sounded good but were on the pricier side. As much as some of the entrees. So I can do without that too.It's a fast casual restaurant. Place your order at the counter and they'll bring it to you when it's ready. I don't think the dining area is small for the space it's in. There's enough tables. It's just this place is so popular! That's a good thing though right?? The turnaround for a table here can be a while during the lunch hours then again, it's busy all day!The line to order during the time I was there was out the door long! So I highly suggest you call or use the app you can get for your phone to place your order and pickup will be quicker. Yelp app or online has a place also where you can order for delivery or pickup!Parking wasn't really a problem, that's if you park further away from their store front and don't mind walking a little more. Location in an industrial setting is pretty innovative if you ask me. What a great idea for a start up business, it's probably more cost effective to lease space here. I so would find it a bonus having a restaurant nearby my workplace. It wasn't too hard to find the place for me. Your visual cue is (NB on Dean Martin) the  "Post Commerce" sign on the corner of the industrial lot Skinnyfats is located. If your SB on Dean Martin, it's just past the railroad track crossing. Entrance to Skinnyfats is facing I-15.From what I noticed all the people who were on their lunch hour, no one seemed to mind waiting for their food, waiting in line, or waitng for table or waiting at all! Must be they've ate from the "happy" side of the menu alot. Just know there's a wait, but the food is worth it!
5	This place is so good. I had a chicken sandwich and it was the best yet. Also, their cole slaw is so good I may need a 12 step program to curb my affinity for it. Joint is small. Kids menu was well received by my shorties. I hear it is crazy busy and I can see why. Looked like they do a decent take out business. Highly recommended. Oh I ate from the fat and happy side of the menu
5	I almost hate to write this, because I don't want it to get even busier; but I'm doing it anyway because this place is so awesome!After seeing a Facebook friend continually post pics from Skinny Fats, I knew I had to try it.  I knew the restaurant was small, but decided to be brave, and not only took my family of four on a Friday night, but an additional family of four as well.  We arrived at 5:30; early enough to get a table configurated for the 8 of us and the waiter couldn't have been any nicer or accommodating about it.  It is very small, but has such a cool vibe to it!  The decor is perfect and it really speaks to whole feel you get there.  Plus, it was super clean, including the bathrooms, which is always appreciated with kids!We were ordering for four children and four adults, and as first timers had no idea what we were doing.  The staff was SO nice and helpful with everything, and super welcoming!  We all managed to order (there's a secret menu too!), and waited anxiously while ogling over the super cute salt shaker, and choices of ketchups at every table.I got the cranberry turkey sandwich on the "skinny" side of the menu, and balanced it out with the truffle fries.  It was all super good... Fries were amazing!  My husband got the chicken sandwich with the Asian coleslaw.  Sandwich was great (on a brioche bun!), and the coleslaw... Oh my.  Best I have EVER had.  I seriously considered asking for an order of it to take home!  Other items ordered and loved were the sweet potato fries and BLT sandwich.  The kids all got the chicken fingers and root beer floats... They were in heaven.  As far as drinks go, they have a great variety of floats, shakes and cold pressed juices.  Yummy fruit infused water is also an option.  And, we couldn't leave without buying some huge cookies from the pastry case!By the time we left around 6:40, it was packed.  I can see why!  We all can't wait to go back for breakfast!  And lunch, and dinner, and breakfast again, etc. ; ). As a Vegas native, I'm SO excited to see a place like this pop up in town and wish them continued success!
5	Be prepared to wait, & then be prepared to say the wait was worth it!Love this place!! They have such a good assortment of pretty healthy, pretty quick food. Really yummy breakfast, good snacks, delish salads and much more. I'm especially obsessed with their breakfast items. I do tend to stick to the healthy side, which to be honest doesn't taste TOTALLY healthy but oh well, I'm ok with that. As for the service, so great!! Their staff is happy and friendly and competent. Always walk in to a smiling face. Tips:Seating - you have to wait around and stalk ppl who look like they're about to finish and that is perfectly fine, in fact it's the only way you're gonna get a table.Food - Try the bruleed french toast..yum!! Also they have reallyyy great turkey bacon so I sub that instead of turkey sausage. The slow boat to china is a good little snack too!They offer delivery and pick up is always super fast.Enjoy and don't hang around too long, we're all waiting for a table :)
5	This is my new spot , creative menu I had a lot of fun eating here. Try out the French toast so bomb.. Cool local spot check It out
5	I looooove this place its a bit small and you may experience a bit of a wait however it is SOOOOOO worth it. The service is great and I cant get enough of their variety of juices and menu items.
5	Its actually kind of funny how their name suggests pretty much is what on their menu. They have a healthy side and a fatty side. My friend and I have been hearing a lot about this place and been dying to find a time to try it one day. Luckily, our first chance as at a Yelp charity event where SkinnyFats participated and offered a few items on their menu as samples. Those samples were enough to make us want to go try the real place even more. Everything was so good ! Samples of chix on broadway sliders on hawaiian sweet bread, ahi tacos, two juices, and other things. Chance finally came when two friends from Cali came into town and we were lookin for a lunch place. To my surprise, the place was actually quite small. I could almost swear i saw pictures, somewhere, where it showed a bigger place. i must be dreaming .... When we came, it was lunch time and was packed, but luckily, by the time we ordered, two tables cleared out and we got a place to sit. As with most foodies, each get a different thing, and try each others food, and so we did...Phatty Philly w/ Truffle Fries - This was what i had ordered. Steak, sauteed onions, peppers, portobello mushrooms, blue cheese & steak sauce on a hoagie bun. The ABSOLUTE FIRST THING you notice after taking a bite, "OH MY GOD THATS A LOT OF BLUE CHEESE!!!" wow what a punch in the face with the strong blue cheese sauce. I didnt expect it to be that strong. It actually covers a lot of the other ingredients flavors. Its great if you are a blue cheese lover, but being someone who not exactly like it nor do i hate it, it was surprising. Aside from that, the steak was super tender. great quality meat, juicy, and cooked to perfection. Next time, i would ask for some grilled onions and jalepenos too and switch out the blue cheese for something lighter like a provolone. The fries were nice and crispy. Finally a place that doesnt drench their fries in truffle oil. Its still noticeable but it doesnt kick you in the mouth. EAT IT WITH THE JALEPENO KETCHUP ! delicious ! Chix on Broadway - One of the things tried before, and fell in love with (at the yelp event). Breaded chicken breast on a brioche bun with cheddar, lettuce, bacon, tomato, red onion, and lemon aioli. Though bun is different, the sandwich is still as amazing as the sampler. One of the very few places who can actually cook a chicken breast and still keep it tender and juicy ! Lemon aioli sauce gives it a bright flavor melding the entire sandwich together. For some odd reason, red onions were more spicy than sweet. My friend took them out. She wasnt a fan on bacon either. MUST TRY ! Cheeseburger Benedict - 1/2 pound angus buger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, cheddar, avocado, red onion, and a fried egg. This was what my friend ordered. I'm not a fan of burgers but apparently the burger was so huge, it fell apart while he was eating. He pretty much went fork & knife for the rest of the burger. At least the person who ordered it was happy? XDDrunken Gypsy Toast - Came here after dinner with my friend who thought this place had more desserts. Apparently she saw the sunday sundaes. Oops? We shared this gypsy toast as a dessert. Topped with fresh cut fruit (strawberries, bananas, and blueberries), whipped cream, a side of syrup, and a few things of bacon. Her nor i being a fan of bacon, that immediately went to another friend. Upon first glance, the toast reminded me of the McD's hotcakes. just by the sheer shape and look. The toast was nice and thick but fluffy. Good breakfast item (as what it was designed for) lol o well. still good nonetheless. Overall, great place in an awkward location yet still so busy, and popular. Would love to come back to try other things, like the acai bowl !
5	Came for the first time, well after the lunch rush (3pm) so there was no wait.  I can see how parking and ordering may become hectic at peak hours.  From its location and size, you'd be convinced it was a commercial office space in its past life.  Though it is 'cozy,' the lay out proves the space is used optimally, and the artistic details make for a unique setting.Order at the counter, then grab a number and a seat.  The menu provides an interesting take and variety on [namely] American cuisine.  Me and my late lunch date tried something from the 'healthy' side and the 'happy' side.  The Slow Boat to China is essentially a chicken & cucumber salad, with a few other veggies, nuts, and a glaze that most closely resembled eel sauce.  It is presented as a boat (thus the name), and tasted like a California Roll.  I enjoyed it, though questioned how 'healthy' it really was on account of the sauce.  I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries, which were prepared to a crisp--and delicious! From the 'happy' side, we ordered the Benedict Burger with truffle fries.  It was rather well done, but still juicy, considering.  I am a sucker for eggs on a burger, so I liked it before I even tried it.  It had the usual veggie fixins plus avocado.  Not a burger I absolutely must have again, but a tasty, well made burger.  Likewise, the accompanying truffle fries were pretty good, but nothing different from any truffle fries I've tried before.  Granted, we were not so adventurous with our selections; We came more for necessity than foodie experimentation [and left very satisfied].  Next time, I will give one of their Philly Cheesesteak options a spin, as well as their loaded fries.  The photos and descriptions look amazing.The portions are pretty large/definitely shareable.  Bonus points for flavored ketchup options! The jalapeno one was my favorite.  Service was great.  Staff is friendly.  I would definitely take friends and family here.
4	I'd give the food and the "idea" of having a "skinny (healthy)" side and a "happy (not so heathy LOL)" side, 5 stars!  I mostly tried items off the Healthy side as I try to be healthier when eating out.  I will admit that the dishes are GOOD!  The Juan Healthy breakfast burrito is huge!  Also, the sweet potato fries with feta and chicken breast is also delicious!  If you follow these guys on Instagram you'll see their daily (weekly) specials.  I imagine they are advertised at the restaurant as well.  The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5, is because the place is really tiny and seating is very limited.  But I mostly do carry out anyway.  :)Give it a try!  Especially if your health conscious.
5	Awesome little place away from the strip. The Ahi Srirachi is absolutely amazing. Super fresh. Love this place already.
5	Finally went to Skinny Fats!! We heard about it from the Unlokt app and we were very eager to go...and hungry. We enjoyed it very much. I had the Smoke in a bowl and it was simply delicious. Huge portion and very spicy and sweet. My sister had the Flat Chix and greens and she devoured it. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the place was pleasantly clean. I'm looking forward to going again for breakfast!
5	Love their food and service. It's all healthy and tasty. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Otherwise, what more can I add but yum!
5	Found out about skinny fats through yelp after my last stay in Vegas, but I never got a chance to actually go. This Super Bowl weekend, that all changed. My buddies were very hesitant to actually try the place. If you're with a bunch of friends, you know it's hard to find a place for all to agree on after a long night out in Vegas. The options on where to eat is endless. Lucky enough, skinny fats has it all for any picky eater, so there's something for everyone. The location is somewhat misplaced, but it is where it is, I suppose. Now, the food is where it is at. I ordered the burger Benedict on menu. Let me say, the burger was fantastic and I enjoyed every bite. Also, I went with the sweet potato fries. I never had sweet potato fries, and they were good. Unfortunately, there were so many on the plate and couldn't finish them all. My buddies ordered there dishes and enjoyed there meals too. My buddies all have different diets. Ones a fitness fanatic, and the rest are just big portion eaters. They all got what they wanted and were happy at the end. All in all, five stars for this establishment in my book and my friends books too.
5	Just moved to Las Vegas and found this place on Yelp. The selection of food is excellent, and the quality is superb. I will never again be hungover without one of their  hangover juice remedies. The Acai with granola and fruit is also fantastic. I have never left a review but felt it was my duty after so many enjoyable meals from here. I always get delivery and they do add a charge so be aware. A nice mix and healthy and not so healthy food so a group of people can agree on one restaurant.
4	I finally understand all the hype about SkinnyFats after my first visit last night. The restaurant is appropriately named to describe the menu exactly. On one side, you have a healthy (skinny) variety of choices, and on the other, you have a plethora of happy (fats) dishes.  Both sides have some seemingly delicious choices, but for me, happy always wins if I'm eating out since I always eat healthy at home.  The restaurant itself is tiny, with about 8-10 tables total that seat 2-4 people.  Don't expect to be able to have too private of a conversation with your dining companions as you will be as close to the table next to you as you are to each other. In addition to the tables, there is a bar that is lined up against the wall as you walk in with maybe 8 additional seats.  You first order at the counter and pay for your food, then they give you a number that you can set on your table, if you're lucky enough to get one, so they know where to bring your food out. I've heard this place is chaos at lunch, but since it was about 7:30pm we were able to get a table as soon as we walked in. Onto the food!Chix on Broadway w/a side of sweet potato fries ($9.50): This massive chicken sandwich is not your ordinary plain dried chicken breast on a bun. Ooooh no.  This is much much more.  The chicken breast is lightly breaded and deep fried and so massive that its ends stick out of the delicious soft brioche bun by at least an inch or two on each side.  It's topped with w/cheddar, lettuce, bacon, tomato, red onion & lemon aioli.  This sandwich is OUT OF THIS WORLD!  The chicken is tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned.  This was by far my favorite of all the stuff we ordered. The sweet potato fries are thin cut and perfectly cooked.  They weren't out of this world, but still yummy.  5/5Cheeseburger Benedict w/a side of truffle fries ($10.50): Everything about this burger was great, but it wasn't mind-blowing like the Chix on Broadway. It tasted like a good burger.  The egg yoke created a bit of a mess but my bf liked wiping it up with the bun. The truffle fries were good, but they just tasted like regular fries with a bit of garlic on them.  4/5Smoke in a Bowl ($9.50): My friend ordered this from the healthy side. The flavors  of everything in it would make it seem like it should be bursting with more flavor, but it was just ok. It had big chunks of bbq chicken mixed in with pineapple, brown rice, peppers, onions, salsa, and cilantro lime yogurt. 3/5The staff was really friendly and personable.  Our food came out fairly quickly and they were also quick to clean our plates off once we were done eating.  I'm really excited to go back. Hopefully I'll be able to resist ordering the Chix on Broadway again so I can try other things on the menu!
5	Awesome place....Ask for Lana she'll hook you up even if you're a pick eater like myself.Cool vibe, good food, and you can choose....skinny or fat! We had an egg white scramble w/a bunch of extra veggies in it....yumm! Enjoy :)
5	Oh WOW!!!  Awesome place. Tucked neatly into an industrial strip. From the window seat, you can see planes coming at you that just lifted off (yes, please stay up there where you belong) and Mandalay Bay. Place is packed with good natured folks. Coffee is excellent, (even with two shots)!  Food ... BAM!  Scrumptious.  Great little out stop to start the day.
4	Finally made my way over to SkinnyFats last weekend and I can't wait to make it back. Love the concept and the food was delicious. Service was just fine and the place is packed... considering its location in a business park, I was impressed they were slammed for lunch on a Saturday. Chix on Broadway - delicious. Too much lemon aioli for me but that's just a preference and I know for next time to ask for it on the side. Phatty Philly - good size and taste but not really a philly. A philly has shaved or thinly sliced meat... not chunks of meat. Not that I'm complaining about taste because the meat was good.. but when you see Philly its what you expect and what we ordered it for. Fries - we had garlic fries and sweet potato and both were a win.Can't wait to go back! So much to try.Eat HAPPY!!
4	I'm giving Skinny Fats 4 stars because this place is a zoo. My husband and I came here on a Sunday and I thought I was going to have to fist fight somebody to get a table. However it is a cute little place and the food is really good. So if you don't mind having a stranger sitting on your lap while you eat, then this is the place for you. Side note-they have a "secret menu"- you can view it online.
4	I went for breakfast with 2 friends & really enjoyed this place. The food selection on both healthy & happy sides sounded great & it was hard to choose! I opted for the protein pancakes and they were tasty! I especially enjoyed the frsh juice I had. Don't remember the name but it had beets! Anyhow, it's a little off the beaten path, but super cute inside and good service. Definitely worth it.
2	I came here recently on my lunch break. The place is cute but tiny. Totally packed. Waited about 45 mins for my to go order, as I was leaving I noticed they left out 1/3 of my order! I had to go back and wait another 10 mins for the missing piece. That leaves 5 mins to eat and get back to work lol. I got a healthy Cobb salad that wasn't too tasty... But I did enjoy the mini cranturkey burger.  I wasn't the only one who had a bad experience this day... Lots of ppl waiting and very unorganized for call ahead orders.Maybe this was just a bad day... I will call ahead next time and give them another chance.
5	After working up an appetite down the street at Sky Zone Trampoline, we stopped by around 3pm on a Sun.  We figured we beat the rush and there would be no one there.  We were mistaken.  This place is the spot.   Every table was full and there was a steady flow the whole time we were there.   The place reminds me of Cali - fresh ingredients, modern, and great food with tons of selections between fresh made juices, smoothies, sandwiches, salads, and breakfast items.Thanks to Yelp, we ordered the secret off the menu Chicken and Waffles.  It wasn't your standard traditional soul food with meat on the bone.  They were more like tenders but it was delicious and we ate every bite of it.  The chicken held perfectly with the slightly crisp waffle.  There are more secret menu items - just check out the online website before you go...ShhhhhWe also ordered the Bonjour Brulee, egg white french toast with bunch of berries and turkey sausage.  It was part of the healthy breakfast section but it certainly made us feel like we ordered from the Happy section.Last I had to get an order of the Slaw Chee.  Anything with my name in it such as Cheeburger Cheeburger, I HAVE to support.   The Slaw Chee tasted just like it should - the perfect amount of texture from the cabbage with the perfect symphony of flavors.  It was a little hot....it was a little sweet.  it was addictive just like a Slaw Chee should be.We will be back - this place is great!
5	Kinda hard to find.. It doesn't seem like a restaurant would be in that location. Really cool vibes inside...cool paintings on the walls... It was cool to see they had plug ins as well as USB ports. Awesome food and staff....Only complaint is it's a super small space but I would definitely go back and recommend this place.
4	The food was good (had the Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis) but the place is smaller than I expected.  Be ready to throw some 'bows to get a table if its busy or you can just get your food to go.
5	The food is really great!! I had the TBLT with a small salad from the skinny menu and my friend had the Cheeseburger Benedict from the happy menu. Such a great concept! Made eating healthy easier! Place is very small and seating is limited. Staff was friendly
5	If Skinnyfats doesn't put a smile on your face then I'll have to call you Scrooge.  From the restaurant space to the server ware, there is a meticulous attention to detail that achieves the perfect balance of trying (but not too hard) to please you.  The restaurant space is tiny, so be prepared to wait during rush hours, but what they did to that cookie cutter commercial place, and the menu, and little things like the salt and pepper man turns my heart into a fuzzy kaleidoscope hippie.  Flaxseed Fans or Rebels can choose items from either their "Skinny" menu or their "Happy" menu (I'm really pleased they didn't call that Fat.  We are not fat.  We are big boned and Happy, thank you very much).  These are your typical diner menu items served with a modern twist, alongside fancy, healthy fusion grub.  There's something to please everyone.  Hubby had the Eggs Benedict burger which he was happy with.  Lil man had the Buf Chix (sauce on the side) and a fruit bowl which was pretty standard.  And I had the Cobb Salad because I was nursing a hangover.  Good stuff.  Totally can relate to the sad face on the happy meter when our root beer floats were almost empty.  Service at the counter was pretty slow (dunno if the crew is new), but they were extremely accommodating.  Re-did my son's order when I expressed that I wish the sauce was on the side.  If you're looking for breakfast with good vibes and some inspiration, go here folks!!!  So happy they finally opened on Sundays.  We'll be back!
4	Skinnyfats is a small hidden away restaurant just off the side of dean martin near the strip. Their small interior is a mix of cozy with modern, an compliments their equally unique menu which is split between as the name implies: a healthier "skinny" and more unhealthier "fat" side. A lot of their items are uniquely different from the next ranging from their ahi-cucumber boat, beet apple and ginger smoothie, to their truffle fries. Prices are reasonably cheap and its always interesting to see the new additions.
3	Great concept... but in my opinion, still a work in progress.You want to eat healthier? You want options? You juice at home, but you're not at home right now...... and you don't do McDonalds, and maybe you want a burger?  SkinnyFats may be your best bet in Las Vegas. The greater challenge however, may be "finding their lease space!" They're in a commercial center, on the service road (Dean Martin Dr.) just West of the 15, just North of the 215. I drove to the address, but even in front of their entrance, didn't realize I had arrived. The face of their space is flat, and can be missed if you're looking for a multi-dimensional entrance... there are graphics, but the face of their space, facing the freeway, is flat. (sorta' like the Mr. Green drink I got!?) On my way out of town from a business trip, I found myself craving a green juice. So I walk in and saddle up to the counter. The interior is very "rustic-contemporary." I liked it.I didn't order any food, although their menu did look interesting. I ended up ordering the Mr. Green, cold pressed juice. It's a $9.50, 20 ounce serving. But be aware... they have two cups sitting above the counter, and I was asked if I wanted the "large" or "small." What I didn't know is that the large isn't the $9.50 serving. That's actually the smaller cup. The larger cup will be about $2.50 more... although the menu board doesn't have that info., (a glitch that bothered me), and my counter person didn't explain. I got the smaller cup for $9.50. BTW...... there's another "healthy eating cafe" in Henderson, called Protein House. I went there the night before, and had a respectable turkey burger (protein style wrapped in lettuce), and a steamed veggie bowl, (my pick of veggies.) The concept is great, but in both spaces I felt that the "order at the counter" process could be improved. In the specialty food retailing business, well trained, highly competent and personable staff separate the true high-volume winners over the "wanna-be's." And from friends who own specialty retailing businesses, they've shared that their "face out front", makes all the difference in their sales volume and overall success. It's the counter person that, if well trained, can coach a client from "just a beverage", to "Entree or App PLUS a beverage." Just sayin' is all......
4	I was so excited to finally find somewhere on this side of town I could run to for lunch. The menu is basically split in half - a skinny side and a fat side. I've tried several things from both and have not been disappointed yet! If you try to get in here M-F between noon and 2ish, be prepared to wait. It's a very small little place with extremely limited seating. Definitely worth trying out tho!
4	Delicious Sweet potato fries!!! Crispy and sweet almost tasted like maple!  It was very busy on a Sunday afternoon.  Had adorable ambience.
5	What else do you say about this place except, go back as often as you can! Love everything about it. Food A+Service A+Decor A+Ambiance A+Also love the little touches..  Even their complimentary water is flavored with fruit or cucumber .The only thing that I would change is the menue itself is a little confusing to read for the first timer. I think they should test different layouts and see if it affects sales. If you don't know better at first you think there's just breakfast, then you're like oh there's more.. and the salads get lost on the back. - just my two cents.Love it, will return, thanks for making such a yummy place!
4	First time trying skinny fats! Lines out the door so I knew it was going to be great. They have a great variety of foods and drinks to order from. You have the choice to be "healthy" or "happy" of course I couldn't decide so I got one of each side haha. The only down side to my delicious meal was the wait time to receive our meal. While I was waiting I ordered fresh cold pressed juices. Being on a juice craze right now I was very pleased to see that they offer it. Id highly recommend this place!
4	I'm jealous that Las Vegas has a Skinny Fats and San Diego doesn't. This is an ideal place for me - great healthy food options and fresh juices/smoothies. It's a one stop shop. My husband loved his Neato burrito. He hardly ever raves about food, but he kept saying how good it was. It was full of steak, eggs, and potatoes. It was huge too. My ahi srirachi was bigger than I expected. It was delicious, although messy. The mango relish really paired well with the ahi. The grilled chix was just ok for me. The chicken was a little tougher than I would have liked and the sauce was a tad sweet. But the battered chix (I can't remember the exact name) was better, with a nice crust. All the workers there were really nice. You can expect a wait (we went on what I thought was a super busy day, but they said that was actually a slower day). But as we waited, they made sure we were comfortable and sparked up conversation. Try the juice where you pick up to 4 ingredients. My pick was: strawberry, basil, lemon, and apple. Oh Em G. I could drink this every day!
5	This place is great for everyone. Take time to read the whole menu. Also, if you don't want to leave your bed, give them a call for a quick delivery.
5	Im fat and yea...... 5 stars!
5	I am so happy I have found another great place for good food in Las Vegas! Whoever said that there aren't good places to eat in Vegas are highly mistaken! The location is a little off, but I like that it is not in the mainstream areas of town and hidden in a little niche in the business park. I would never have expected to eat such good food there, but once you walk in they have done a really good job at creating an awesome atmosphere. You kind of forget that you are in an office park. The staff were wonderful! Lana who helped us with some recommendations was fun, friendly, and really helpful! It was kind of neat to talk to someone who was so happy about her job! You don't see that too often now a days! In my opinion, she deserves a raise! ;) Lastly, the food was superb! We went for my fathers birthday! Some call us picky eaters; We are not picky at all. We actually love all types of food, but we just really love good food! This place definitely knows how to make it happen! We had a few different plates and they were all magnificent.I will definitely be going there again! Really spectacular!
4	I love the menu, love the juices, and my husband loved his food.  I haven't yet gotten something I really liked.  That is probably because I got both of the burritos and they just lacked some flavor.  Super cute inside.  Will go back and get something new next time.  Just not a whole lot of options in the breakfast healthy side for gluten free.
4	One very hungover morning in Vegas, I looked up juice bar on yelp, found skinnyfats and headed there immediately. It's a very cozy little place, they should really consider expanding....and adding another location in Minneapolis. Only had to wait a few minutes for my hangover remedy, which was delicious and successful. Liquid defense was also great
5	I haven't been inside of SkinnyFats, but I had it delivered, and was pleasantly surprised! I initially thought the menu would only include uber-healthy, vegan type stuff, so imagine my surprise when I saw that not only did it have healthy offerings, but things to satisfy all of our inner fat boys and girls!I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and cheese (I forget the official name of it) along with sweet potato fries. That sandwich was like heaven! The chicken was fresh, juicy, tender and flavorful. Not overly breaded, hot and  just delicious. The bun was amazing- soft and filling. And the fries were perfect as well. I sampled a spicy chicken and rice dish (it had pineapples and peppers) and that was great too! Really flavorful and again, very fresh tasting.I will definitely be getting more from SkinnyFats! I'm a convert!
4	Food is good, service is good but holy mother of waiting. Have fun finding a table. The food takes FOREVER to come out. My gf and I came here and I ordered the Juan burrito and an ahi siracha and she ordered a skinny bowl. We waited 30 plus mins for my food (understandable because they have to cook it)  and I finished eating it and waited an additional 15 mins before she even got hers. Good concept. Can't wait for them to iron the new business growing pains and I'll be a frequent customer :)
4	Love the food and love the concept but hate the fact that you can't eat there at peak hours without it being a huge ordeal.  I highly recommend the food but this is not someplace you want to go if you don't have time to wait for a table.  The place probably seats 25 comfortably with a MAX of 10 tables. When you walk in as a first timer, it's overwhelming because there are people standing everywhere, you don't know who's in line, and it takes forever.  Service is great once you get to the counter and they turn over tickets pretty quickly.  I would go there ALL OF THE TIME because the food is fantastic IF I knew I could sit down to eat my food without having to bargain or finagle for a table.  And god forbid, you get one out from under someone unknowingly.  Otherwise, I'm a fan.
3	The more I come here, the less I am impressed. I am usually a creature of habit when it comes to certain things, take an item on a menu that I fall in love with. When I try to venture out and get something different, I usually kick myself for doing so. Case in point, my experience here. I started following them on Instagram awhile back, and the food pornography they put on is off the charts! I had to try the Slow Boat to China, Asian chicken salad, slaw chee in a cucumber boat w/almonds, teriyaki & spicy yo-aoili. This quickly became my favorite menu item. To really confuse my taste buds, I shared the Drunken Monkey Pancakes, buttermilk pancakes, maple glazed bananas, graham crackers, marshmallows, chocolate w/applewood bacon. I can't believe I'm about to say this, but this was too much, even for me. One bite was enough.  Ok, go ahead and throw in an order of your famous truffle fries. Now that's what I'm talking about. Those were really good, as well as the sweet potato fries. The next couple times, I'd tried to stick to the "healthy" side of the menu, I tried the Cranburkey SF turkey burger, arugula, tomato, red onion & cranberry basil yogurt on a honey wheat bun w/side. It was really plain and boring, even with the cranberry basil and onion, I ended up putting the slaw chee on it to give it some flavor. Last time I was there I ordered the special of the day which was Chicken & Waffle Chowder. Exactly as it sounds, it was really gross. But what has really left a sour taste in my mouth was my experience with the delivery service. I decided to order online for delivery, I order my food, check out, and it gives me a total. Well about 20 minutes later I hear my email alert go off on my phone, so I check my email, and it is a confirmation of my order, but with a $10 fee added for delivery. No where on the online ordering does this state this fee, and it was not what I agreed to when I "checked out" online. I called immediately to cancel my order (I live 7 miles from SkinnyFats, I wasn't about to pay that) but I'm told it's too late to cancel, so I tell him that I will pick my order up. So I write a "tip" on the page alerting others of the delivery fee that is not stated, and I get an email from Charity pretty much pressuring me to remove the tip, which I relunctantly did, and I wish I hadn't.
5	The food is delicious and healthy. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I have an egg allergy and was able to get good information without feeling like I was bothering them.
3	I've been meaning to try this place for the longest time and finally decided to go with my friends. I have to say that the exterior and interior of this place is truly unique. There is art painted all over the walls and there's mirrors surrounded by a tin like design when you look up. The only thing I have to say that sucks is that the restaurant only seats around 30 people with not a lot of space between tables. Skinnyfats has a healthy side and a "happy" side on their menu. They also have a wide variety of beverages. Everything is pretty pricey for the amount you get when it comes to snacks. I found out that this place had a secret menu. I looked it up and decided to get the Steak and eggs. For a total of $14 this meal comes with slices of steak, potatoes, eggs, and toast. I am so glad I got this dish because the portion was huge and everything was delicious. The steak was so juicy and tender and there was plenty of it. The potatoes were also a hit. The only thing bad about this meal was the desert-dry toast. My friends all got something different and they paid too much to receive so little and or a mediocre plate. The Acai bowl didn't have much Acai but a ton of granola. My friend got a sandwich and rice and it was all sorts of bad. The truffle fries on the contrary were cheap and tasted great. You get a big bowl of them!If I could, I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.
5	Ate here today... sooo many options. The menu has a Healthy and a Happy section. We both ate off the Happy section. Food was amazing. Portions were large. Wonderful staff. I will come back for sure!
5	Went here a few days ago for my small birthday get together and i must admit... I freaking LOVE this place! It's located in an industrial type area and if you're not really paying attention you could easily pass right by it. The joint is very eclectic! I love the drawings on the walls and the little salt man at the table. I was shocked at how small the place was. The biggest table only held 4 people and probably had 8-10 tables in total. There is a little bar table that you can sit at as well. The food was sooo delicious! I ordered the "Nice to Greek You" pizza. It has a real strong olive taste...and I'm not a fan of olives...but it was still yummy non the less. Others in my group ordered TBLT and the Cheeseburger Benedict. I will def be returning to this spot! P.S. I think I feel in love with the salt and pepper shaker!!!
4	Even the cold wet weather today can't keep the customers away! Fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade and the "Slow boat to China" from the healthy side are my favorites!
5	Such a colorful & fun place!Their concept of a "healthy" and a "happy" side is awesome! Attracts the health freaks and the people on their "cheat days" LOL!I've tried a few things on the menu and I have not been disappointed! Everything is fresh and plentiful!Last visit, I had a Cranburkey with side of Sweet Potato Fries! Their sweet potato fries are sooo good! And the turkey burger with their cranberry sauce is moist and delicious! Definitely coming back!
5	Great concept, great menu and great staff.A little cramped, but that's because it's so popular.Half of the menu is "healthy" items and the other side is "happy items".  I ordered off the healthy side and it was great.Pleeeeease open one in OC!
5	Went for lunch for the first time today and it was excellent!  When we walked in we were greeted by friendly staff who explained the menu to us and even told us about the secret menu as well!  Food was great, no complaints there! You will definitely see me again soon!
5	I had a really good experience at SkinnyFATS today. I came with a big group so I apologize to everyone who didn't get to sit because of us.It's like a not entirely too healthy health cafe.  You basically order at the counter and they give you a number to know where they bring your food.They have a Healthy side AKA the Skinny and then a Happy side AKA Fats.Everything is reasonably priced. Considering this is sort of close to the strip, it's geared towards health, and it has unique/quality dishes the prices are awesome. They have a bunch of salads that are under $7 (without meat) and are big for the price.Usually places like this try to sell you overpriced salads.Also it's good for kids! We brought three kids who liked it. They have a kids menu which I believe is $5 a meal. The sweet potato fries and chicken strips is a generous size that most adults would be overly satisfied with.I had a Cobb salad from the Happy side and an Asian Cucumber boat off of the healthy side with a smart water. The salad was fresh! The cucumber boat had chicken salad in it topped with teriyaki and spicy mayo sauce. Each food item was about $7 and they were both delicious. Getting two things kind of defeated the purpose of eating healthy but i had to since it was my first visit. The food is good, the staff is nice, it's clean, it's priced well, and it helps put a spin on healthy food while still appealing to foodies without diet restrictions. I can't wait to go back and try their other offerings.
5	Where to start. The flavors, the choices, the staff. All five star. Who ever comes up with the ideas to pair the flavors and textures is amazing. We have tried both the happy and healthy side and have yet to have something I was not happy with. The place is super clean. The staff is always friendly and very helpful in explaining the menu. Don't forget to check out the specials and the secret menu. As far as food you can't go wrong so try anything or like us EVERYTHING. My personal fav would have to be smokies flat pizza a party in my mouth. Only thing I would red flag anyone about is Sunday morning is CRAZY don't let that scare you away. Everything moves quick and like a well oiled machine. My new obsession is Skinny Fats.
5	Not exaggerating when I say I just had one of the best meals of my life. You ever eat something and the entire time you're thinking "OhMyGodOhMyGodOhMyGod?" That's what happened to me tonight. I had the TBLT with avocado and truffle fries. First, the sandwich. A subtle aioli spread beautifully complemented the fresh, multi-grain bread. The turkey bacon was cooked to perfection. The whole thing melted into my mouth, a cacophony of fresh, aromatic flavors. The french fries, good Lord, the fries. Best.Fries.Ever. Their scent alone made me swoon. Over and over, I'd hold the fry below my nose a few seconds, just to inhale it. Its scent was strong, nutty yet earthy. The consistency, light, a bit chewy with just enough crunch. I ate this meal like I've not known food before. Maybe I haven't. And I'm speaking as someone who at one time was well off enough to dine often in 5 star joints (things change, recession, blah blah). Reading up about how one of the founders was a personal chef to Paul McCartney (I'm a musician and a huge fan) inspired me to drive the whole 6 minutes away from my office to try this place. I'll be back and often, with friends, family, co-workers, mailmen, gardeners, cashiers, CPAs, whatever, in tow.I love you, SkinnyFats.
5	So, I just ordered and I'm waiting for my food. But the second I walked in, it seemed really cool. The place is custom decorated and it has its' own look unique look. Haven't seen too many place that really look like this. The spacing is fairly small but to me it gives it that feeling that you walked into something secret and now you're amongst the special few who know about it.The food came out and looked fantastic. I got the Benedict burger and being my first meal of the day, I had to get something with and egg. It was a pretty good size too that I couldn't even finish all of it.So if you're definitely looking for something new but want to feel exclusive, try finding this place. It's something of a little secret. ;]
3	So...I gave it another try. I still give it the same rating. I ate here a few months back and was not impressed with the food. I ordered one thing from the healthy side and one thing from the happy side. Both items were drenched in thick sauces that overpowered the taste of everything. I was disappointed and said I wouldn't be back. Fast forward a few months....I decided to give this place a shot after seeing a bunch of new photos from various people's Yelp pages. I invited a few friends here for lunch. And since they've never been, I thought it would be fun to try it out. Once again, I ordered the Ahi Taco-San. Battered ahi in a crunchy shell. Once again, the sauce was really heavy. I needed 5 napkins for one taco. I also ordered the chicken and waffles since another friend of mine said it was good. The waffle was nice and fluffy and didn't get soggy with the syrup. The chicken had a good crunch outside and was juicy on the inside. However, the breading was a bit salty. I had my friend taste it and she agreed it was a bit salty. My friends ordered the BLT and the Phatty Philly. They also agreed that everything was so heavy and drenched in sauce. Neither of them finished their food because it was too much. My friend ordered a cookie without it being heated up. This was a big mistake because it was rock hard. One awesome employee, Rica, replaced the hard cookie with a warm one, which was so much better and softer. I am sad to say that after giving it a second chance, this isn't one of my top places to eat.
5	Been here multiple times and I have yet to be disappointed. Although I don't expect to in this place. It is a bit too small and you can easily miss it driving on dean Martin. The only thing I would recommend this place doing is to put something in front of their business to let people know it's here. It's so isolated.
5	The one and only downside. It's always packed and small. Reason being... The food is amazing. Ahi tacos and tempura battered anything is amazing. The food is great and for the most part it's a much healthier version of the deep fried fatty McFat boy stuff you get elsewhere. It's not all healthy but it's a nice cheat meal.
5	Wow, fabulous, amazing, awesome!!!!  We had a girls dinner tonight, and everything was wonderful! The staff is super friendly, full of suggestions, and very attentive.  They were busy and still smiling, and taking their time with each guest, in a good way! The ahi tacos, are amazing, they are filling, but make you want more!! My daughter who is a picky penny, had the Charlie Brown? It is a Shake with Nutella, banana and strawberries! It was delicious! If you live in Vegas or are just visiting, skinny fats is a MUST stop! You will not be disappointed! I promise!!
3	First impression of SkinnyFats was most of the food we ordered was hit or miss. I came with some friends for lunch last weekend around 11. The place wasn't packed yet but it was getting there. We found a corner table and ordered at the counter once our entire party had arrived. I opted for the cranburkey with a side of slaw chee. We got truffle fries as well. My friends ordered various other items and we waited for our food. It came out pretty quickly. We ordered items from both the healthy and happy sides of the menu for good measure. The fries were tasty and very truffle-y. The cranburkey was a bit on the bland side. I have to admit, I'm not typically a big fan of turkey burgers so that May have been my own fault for ordering this. My friend was a little unimpressed with her salad, saying it was a little bland and wishing there was more flavor and diversity in texture. She enjoyed her turkey slider, though. My other friend got the drunken gypsy French toast and seemed to enjoy it quite a bit. I had been  tempted by the healthy breakfast items, so I'll likely go that way if I ever come back again.Prices weren't horrible but it got pricy when we had add one and for drinks, which we ended up skipping. The restaurant is tiny and 30 minutes into our meal there were quite a few people hovering around waiting for tables so we didn't stay long to chat knowing people were waiting. This made it a less than ideal place to go if you're hoping to have a leisurely brunch with friends to catch up. SkinnyFats is bordering between a 3 and 4 star for me, but I think I'll need to give them another try to see if there are any other menu items I might enjoy more.
5	We first went to eat here when they first opened and now we try to come at least once a month. When we have visitors in town we take them here to have a great meal. You can't go wrong with whatever you order. Everything taste so good! Our favorite is the cheeseburger benedict. Decor and vibe when you walk in just seems cozy and laid-back. I recommend this place to many friends and they all love and rave about the food.  I can't wait until they open the new locations closer to home.
5	Still a total five stars! You really can't go wrong with anything from this place. On this visit I brought my Mom who I knew would totally love it here. We went on a Friday around 11am. It was already busy, but we lucked out and got a table in the back. I ordered 2 Ahi Tacos from the Healthy Side of the menu and the Slob Cobb from Happy Side. The tacos are huge. I could barley finish one! The mango and sriracha are a perfect blend of flavors! My mom ordered the Bombdiggity. It had a ton of Applewood Smoked Bacon and a tangy aoil that works so well with the toasted Sourdough Bread. Of course I could not forget my husband on this visit and ordered him a Chixs on Broadway with Truffle Fries to go. He was very excited to get Skinnyfats all the way at his office in Green Valley. Oh, and don't forget to keep your Skinnyfats cup! You can reuse it and if u bring it back you get 50cents off your drink purchase. Can't go wrong with that!! Rock on Skinnyfats!
4	I discovered SkinnyFats when searching for Juice Bars on Yelp. Turns out Vegas has plenty of smoothie places, but not many cold-pressed juice options, especially close to the Strip. I went twice on my Vegas trip. I had both the Mr. Green w/ a Vita shot and Hangover Remedy. Both juices were refreshing and very pleasing. The restaurant was packed with people both times I went. After you order at the counter, they give you a number to take to a table. I look forward to going back and ordering some food off of the impressive Healthy Side of the menu board.
5	I always wanted to try this place and I'm so glad I enjoyed it. It was a bit overwhelming when me & my boyfriend entered the place because it was so crowded, so I didn't really know what to get. My boyfriend got the burger Benedict and I got the Ahi Taco San. They were both so flavorful and delicious! I didn't know the tacos were going to be big and they're packed with every ingredient it says it comes with. I also enjoyed the decor and how colorful the place is, with paintings of fruits all around. Even the restrooms are bright!I plan on coming here again and trying everything on the menu!
5	Oh man... so good.I ended up eating my food and some of my lady's because it was so tasty. The best part of the meal was that neither of us got that "yuck" feeling after we were done and heading home. I do have to say my only disappointment was the truffle fries.. but the rest of it was so good, I wouldn't even think to take a star off.It's a little hard to find, we passed it twice.. but it is worth the hunt.
4	Skinny Fats is my dichotomy of wanting good, healthy food but not wanting to miss out on the bad stuff that's soo good. I definitely came late to this party, but better late than never.The only reason I've ever come down this part of Dean Martin is to look for tile & flooring or show Panorama Towers. Now it's to come to Skinny Fats for their Chicken & Waffles...listed only on their "Secret Menu" that you can access online.The food is good enough that you won't mind getting into near fights or at least shooting dirty looks at patrons who tend to push chairs back into you due to the seating area being so cramped.You've already read how the menu works from other reviews. Basically good side and evil side...aka healthy and happy sides.Ordered tonight was the more cow bowl (happy side) which looked good and had nice pieces of tender beef. The slob cob was good but the ranch dressing is the best part.Truffle fries were ok. Cool mame (ranch edamame) was different and nice.Best part was the Chicken & Waffle. Wow! All white meat perfectly breaded and seasoned atop a waffle doused in syrup. Even my wife who does not normally like fried chicken (I know, what's wrong with her right?), couldn't keep her fork off my chicken & waffles. She needs to get her own next time!I Instagramed the pic and now everyone wants it.It's near midnight and I'm going to bed now with images of this dish. Good night and see you soon SF!
4	I'm obsessed with the Liquid Defense. I mean seriously it is so good! The service has always been pretty good every time I've come in. Once the girl literally went through several items on the menu with me because I didn't feel well and nothing sounded good.I've only tried a few things, but the portions seem to be pretty hearty.  I really liked the Greek pizza (it was filled with toppings) and the BBQ chicken pizza.  I'll update as I try more items.  This place is always packed when I come in, mostly because they don't have a lot of room.  I am prone to getting my stuff to go. Plan to wait a bit if you come at peak eating times.
4	I finally made it to Skinny Fats after wanting to try it for quite a while. During my first trip I just ran over during my break and grabbed the Acai Bowl. I love my Acai Bowls and this one was pretty good, possibly the best I have had in Vegas although Daily Kitchens is also amazing not sure which one I like more. During my second trip I picked up dinner for me and my girlfriend on the way over to her house. She got the boneless chicken wings they were a little spicy for her taste but I didn't mind it. The order says it comes with 3 or 5 I can't remember but they ended up giving a couple extra which made for nice leftovers the next day. I got the cheesesteak, I replaced the blue cheese with American I think. I'm a big cheesesteak fan, this one was a little untraditional but it was good. The steak inside was very tasty! I ordered truffle fries as my side dish and those were super good. The only downside to Skinny Fats is that it's a really small place and every time I have been there it has been packed which results in a wait. Tried to go one morning for breakfast (I really want to try the breakfast, I've seen the dishes people are eating when I've been there and it looks amazing!) but turned around cause the line was too ridiculous. If you are planning a trip to Skinny Fats be prepared to wait.. But if you haven't been yet stick through the wait at least once and you'll probably be back for more.
5	Can't say enough good things about the food here.  Use the App to order your food before you arrive and do not expect at seat at peak lunch or dinner time.  Try the Shroomin in Philly with shrimp and sweet potato fries.Only request is please expand and put one in the northwest side of town.
4	Wow can I say impressive food?! My overall is however a 3.5 along with my dining experience. Ok we were totally lost when we walked in because all that we saw was a line.  Naturally as fine citizens of America, we just stood in line with everyone else. Lol.  Yes, not knowing what it was for.  An employee saw how confused we looked and gave us a little explanation that it was the order line.So first, it's open seating.  So if you are trying to come with a big group, you are better off dining outside.  May I dare say that it is almost a fire hazard in there?  You can barely squeeze through to use the restroom, or maneuver your way to exit too.When tables or chairs come free, it becomes snatched up with a quickness.I say study the menu and know what's on special.  They call it skinny fats because you can choose your evil...healthy vs some extra flavor!  The menu was a bit different because it's bunched differently then what you are normally used to.  The division of sandwiches, salads, etc. yah it's not like that.  well as I finally came around to see the board menu above, it was easier to read.  However, I was instantly distracted when I saw the eggs Benny special they had.  It was poached eggs on steak sitting on cornbread.  I think the cornbread just seriously set it off.  The flavors were sooo good.   We ordered truffle fries as a side and that just complimented it.  Ok I lied, not complimented it, we just like variety.  Well my plan of attack next time is to take my own advice and you guessed it, plan it out. Happy eating y'all!
2	So the first time I went here the food was beyond amazing. I got the Phatty Philly with truffle fries and my mom ordered the Ahi tacos so we split. Both were fantastic! Saturday we decided to go back for the second time. The experience was extremely disappointing. My husband and I ordered the Phatty Philly and Ahi Tacos to split. The guy informed us that the deeper Fryer was broken so no truffle fries and no Ahi Taco. However he did suggest the sirachi tacos so we agreed to give it a shot because he said he liked it. We agreed to a side salad instead of the fries (obviously disappointed).  When our order came the Phatty philly was good but it had no blue cheese or mushrooms inside which are two main ingredients. The side salad had chopped cucumbers in it which my husband was very specific in ordering no cucumbers  in the salad. They remade us a salad no problem and the house dressing was very tasty but the tomatoes were soggy. Now when I bit into the Sirachi taco I was expecting the same goodness as the Ahi Tacos but was caught off guard with how disgusting it was. I literally wanted to spit it right out my mouth. It was as if they hadn't seared the fish at all. It was a cold fish taco. Yuk!! Even though we had a bad experience I will give this place one more shot because the first time the food was so good. Maybe then I can give it a better review.
5	I love this place! Very good choice of menu and their shakes are sooooo good! The delightful cucumber is my fav. The atmosphere is very calming and hip. Place is hippsterish. Seating is very limited but worth the wait. They have vegan options and they are very tasty. This place is a must go!
2	I totally love the concept of this place and want to like it more but can't do it. I feel like it's a little overrated tbh. I've been here twice and both times, it's always super packed with no place to sit. Their set up is weird. You can't tell who is in line to order, standing around waiting for a table, or just looking at the menu. The entire area that wraps around their bar is also very cramped. Not very much space to move around! After I placed my order, my friend and I had our eagle eyes on, searching for an empty table. We literally stood there and waited for someone to get up and immediately ran to claim the seats. Felt like vultures but everyone else was doing the same thing. I wonder if it's a fire hazard having so many people in there at once! Anyways... Our table was still a mess. The previous party's trash was piled up on the table but no one came around to clean it. We didn't mind because we didn't wanna lose our table. Once the food came out, the server just picked up the old plates and replaced it with our meals. She didn't even wipe down the table!! There was sauce spilled on parts of the surface. Eek. Aside from the annoyingly busy atmosphere, the food is not so bad. They have a healthy and happy side to chose from. I had the smoked bowl and thought it could have been a lot better. The brown rice was dry and flavorless. Chicken had way too much sauce on it. It was just a weird mix. My friend had the chicken and waffles. I had a couple bites and thought it was amazing. Truffle fries were bomb too! And the last time I came, I had the portobello sandwich. From what I remember, it was good but a bit too greasy.On a side note... Don't park near the back! Good luck trying to find a decent parking spot near the entrance when it's busy. But trust me! Do not park further back because that's where giant cargo trucks unload their stuff. I literally was stuck in my parking stall for over 10 minutes because I had no space to back out. The damn truck was blocking me in. I'm glad it wasn't hot outside today because I would have been super irritated lol
5	Great experience! The food was awesome, the employees were even more awesome. Chill & very welcoming atmosphere. Wish I could remember the employees names but they were all really nice!
5	What a great find!  Thanks goes to the valet at our hotel.
1	I went here today after all the rave reviews and comments from my friends. First impressions: to start out, it's located in a business center. There is only a very little sign on the side walk with their name. With the interesting choice of location, comes with a very small, cramped and confusing restaurant. When we walked in to the door I was so confused. Along the window is a bar to sit and wait and I wasn't sure where to start. There was not a single seat in the house. We didn't even stay to look at the menu. Next time I will order ahead and take my food to go. If I ever do go back. It wasn't a very welcoming or comfortable environment at all. I'm very disappointed.
4	SkinnyFats is located in an industrial office area, seems really out of place. The inside has a really fun atmosphere and decor, with a mix of hand painted walls, pallets and bare metal to mix things up. Very much a place for UNLV students to work/hang out.It's tiny, though. You'll have a hard time finding a seat during dinner time, esp. on the weekends. It's open seating, fyi. The menu is split into two sides, the "skinny" side that has healthier options and the "fat" side that is more comfort food. All the items have some kind of unique, gormet flare. Like the choice between sweet potato or truffle fries (fries made with truffle oil and spices). You can definitely tell everything is hand made and fresh, and all items served look as pretty as a picture in a magazine. Seriously, it all looks good. They even have a giant water cooler with fresh fruit cut inside so you can have delicious infused water if you don't feel like buying a drink.The things I'm not fond of: the lack of seating, the lack of diversity in the menu, and the prices. The menu has items like a burger with eggs benedict on top, but that's the only burger. It's not an enormous menu, and a lot of the items included on it are sweet breakfast foods like pancakes. I love the truffle fries but with the menu as it is, I don't feel the need to go there more than once a month. Also, it's very expensive. I'm kinda' surprised by the prices. But still, it's got some great twists on food and an fun atmosphere, so I'm still a fan.
4	Interesting concept and excellent food.  Only complaint is I felt a bit rushed trying to figure out how the menu worked. Place was packed at 1:30 and looks like they need to expand.  Had the burger Benedict with slaw which was very filling.  I'll be back
4	Needed a new lunch spot close to work and SkinnyFats came to mind. My wife and I went on a Friday around 12:30 and the place was packed. I overlooked the menu while waiting to order and proceeded to place my order to go. I wanted to eat there but it's just too small and too many people were waiting.-Tu Nuts , this was an awesome starter . Crisp and refreshing on HOT sping day. Spicy tuna on a siricha slaw served on a cucumber boat with teriyaki, peanuts and a spicy aioli. -Ahi taco San, tempura Ahi with siricha slaw, mango pico with spicy aioli on a puffed shell. Very messy but definitely flavorful. The puff shell broke after the first bite and there was a lot of the components to make it messy, that's wait fingers are for, cleanup! The other items coming out while I waited looked so good. I can't wait to come back and try some more. The staff was friendly while rushing around taking orders, serving and clearing tables.
3	I am giving 3 stars for one single reason:Lack of fresh ingredientsThis simple change could take this small establishment and make it live up to the hype that has surrounded it. Here are some examples from the food I ate:Chicken - looked like precooked and sliced packaged chicken slicesFruit - definitely mass packaged precut fruitFrench fries/ sweet potato fries - frozenThe restaurant is a bit misleading with the decor and catering to a health conscious crowd. It has a lot of potential by simply changing this small aspect. Short cuts are not flattering at boutique establishments.
4	Had this for the first time last night while I was in town for work.  Such a great concept-- "skinny" items for those being more health conscious and "fat" for those that aren't too concerned and want a great meal.Great place to enjoy with friends since it's customizable to everyone.  I had the Turkey BLT - OMG out of this world. It was a "skinny" that tasted like a "fat" item ...it was that good. Not going to lie I was a little concerned that a skinny item could taste so good.Check it out on your next visit here.
4	SkinnyFats offers exactly what their name suggests, food options that are either healthy or happy (comfort food). When I 1st pulled into the parking lot I noticed that their location is a little odd and hard to find since it's located inside a business complex with no signage except for the sign above their front door. It was a Sunday just after noon and it was packed inside with no available tables and we had a group of 7 Yelpers. We looked over the menu and placed all of our orders when a couple tables freed up so we snagged them up.Be aware that the food here comes in large portions! The wedge salad that Nelson Q got looked like it was made with an entire stalk of Romaine lettuce, it was huge! And the chicken sandwich that Amelinda L was eating had a piece of chicken that was larger than the buns/everything else on the sandwich! I got the chicken and waffles which is on their secret menu that you have to ask for... I'm not sure if there's an acutal menu or if you just have to know what's on it. I only knew about the chicken and waffles because I saw a bunch of people eating it. The chicken was nice, tender and their breading was light and not too crunchy/hard. I liked that there was more chicken than waffle, unlike other places that skimp on the chicken part so I was pretty happy. I didn't try any of their shakes or juices, but the strawberry lemonade was awesome! Light, refreshing and not too sweet. I also loved the reusable cups complete w/ happy meter!I would definitely come back to try some of their other dishes, especially the healthy ones. If you come here during one of the meal rushes be prepared to order take out or wait for a table since they don't have very many and it's not a big place to begin with. Maybe they will expand someday to relieve some of the traffic here, and hopefully that new location is closer to me!
5	Oh my!  I first found out about SkinnyFats from doing an event with them (Yelp Helps).  I loved what they were serving there, so I couldn't wait to try it out!The location is kind of strange, but the food is amazing!  Small dining space.  I didn't know you could grab a table before ordering so we didn't, and by the time we ordered they were all full.  We had to sit at the high bar against the window, which was difficult with a 22 month old kid.Of course, I ordered from the "eat happy" (aka FAT) side.  I think it was a special burger, the "Cherry Popper."  SOOOOOOOOOOO yummy!  Cherry and banana peppers, fried egg, cole slaw, and cheese on a burger on a Hawaiian bun.  I'm still thinking about it.  The fries were yummy too (sweet potato).I ordered a smoothie for my daughter and I tasted it.  It was very yummy, but tasted more like a milk shake (it said strawberries, blueberries, and peanut butter, but it was white and I saw no hint of berry but did taste like a peanut butter milk shake).  Not sure it was as nutritious as I'd hoped, but delicious nonetheless.  Also, I got her some healthy tacos and tried a bite; they were great!My dad and his wife fully enjoyed their meals as well!I can't wait to take my husband here.  The ambiance is cute, definitely for the younger crowd.  I'm young myself, but, maybe it's because I'm a mommy, I get more sensitive to innuendos..."cherry popper" sandwich, a banana on the men's restroom door, and a peach on the women's restroom door....there were other innuendos but I can't recall.  I'm just sensitive, as I don't think kids would really get them anyway, so I still think it's a fun place to take kids! I'm still thinking about that burger!!  I want to try something from the "eat healthy/skinny" side, but I'm sure my inner fatty will tempt me again!
5	Well where do I start I must say this is one of my favorite places to eat at. Food staff is always super friendly, the restaurant is always clean. I'm here at least once a week to check out all their new yummy food specials. :)This place needs to be on everyones bucket list.
5	Boyfriend wanted to check this place. A little hole in the wall but as soon as you walk you're intrigued by the art on the wall and good music playing. The menu is full of choices from happy food and healthy food. We ordered their cheeseburgers and have to say it was the most delicious burger I've eaten. A cool place to eat, the vibe is right and the food is delicious.
3	Let me start by saying that this place has a very weird location. When this place started up, it got a lot of hype, mainly thru the social media sites. This joint is located by warehouses and factory offices, which seemed a little out of place. I decided to check this place out with a very good friend of mine. Upon entering, I noticed that it's not your typical restaurant. It's a little too congested for my liking with very little room to move about. The tables felt very cheap and light and the chairs aren't sturdy. More so, the place was jam packed when we went. Skinny Fats caters to a niche' which seem to belong to the health conscious, gym goers and people that are watching their weight. While they try to market all these "healthy food"  and various substitutes, I can't help but notice that most people that eat here are either gym rat elitists or the annoying calorie counter snobs. The first thing that caught my eye is that the prices are crazy expensive, especially for the size portion that you're getting. I understand that you're paying more since they "supposedly"  use "healthy"  ingredients but $9 bucks for a smoothie? Definitely gonna be the last time I'd order something like that. My friend ordered a salad with some chicken and a blended shake which cost her $20 bucks. To be fair, this review is more on the atmosphere and the vibe that it gave me rather than the food itself. My friend enjoyed her lunch so ultimately, I guess that's what counts. I definitely won't be a regular at this place but would I come back? Sure, I'd be down to give it another go. Maybe my perception will change but until then, it's an overpriced health nut food joint in my book...
5	Stumbled across this gem after am exhausting crossfit workout. Highly recommend. Healthy good tasting fast food that is reasonably priced, I really couldn't ask for anything more. But wait an environmentally conscious cup that is reusable, you just made me a repeat customer! Love the decor, loved the food, loved the concept!
2	We tried to eat here last month, but the line was out the door (no thanks). The second time wasn't so bad, but there was still no room to sit, so we ordered to go. My BF ordered scrambled egg whites, bacon and toast. I ordered the gluten free Nice to Greek You. My BF refused to eat his food after a few bites, no flavor, to bland pieces of bread with no butter, the egg whites were runny. My "pizza" tasted like a GF pizza crust like you get at the store, ranch dressing, Greek condiments, and sliced precooked chicken you get in a bag. The ranch was way too overwhelming and rich. Since we were eating this in our car, we ended up having to stop somewhere else not too long after. Skinny Fats could get some lessons from Palm Greens in Palm Springs, CA. I think that was what they were aiming for, but missed the mark.
2	Just left delicious food everything was perfect until I was leaving I just watched a cook with an apron on walk out the restaurant in his apron into the hardwood flooring store next door then back into the restaurant HEALTH CODE VIOLATION QASA HELP THEM!! He was tall with dark curly hair .. Even if he is not a cook you never leave the kitchen or behind the counter with an apron on.. Gave two stars because the food was great  and service was awesome the girl at the counter gave recommendations and everything however seeing that turned my stomach
4	So one of my friends said that we should try out Skinny Fats the other day and I thought that I would give it a try. The location is in an commercial area of town and I thought that this was weird. Once you enter the restaurant you forget where you are at. The restaurant has a nice feel once you enter. I order the Chicken sandwich which comes with 2 chicken breasts with the sweet potatoes. I thought that the sandwich was very good. My friend ordered one of the breakfast items and it looked amazing. The only down side for me was the strawberry lemonade, it tasted watered down. All drinks come in a reusable cup!Overall, I will definitely be back.
4	After a yelp event at UFC Blue Diamond, a few of us decided to go to SkinnyFats to replenish our energy.  When we entered the establishment, we were surprise to see how crowded it was.  It's basically a, grab a seat upon it being available.  Hesitate for a second and it will be GONE! So for next time, we know that while someone in our group is ordering, others will grab a table.  Onto the food.  This is what Earl and I ordered:-Hangover Remedy Juice: Good.-Beet It:  My favorite.  I really like the strong ginger taste of this.  AND, I love beets.-Slobb Cobb Salad:  Nothing special.  A typical Cobb Salad.-Apollo Fries: Very interesting, but it worked.  Sweet potato fries, chicken, arugula, balsamic glaze, craisins, and olives, all in one bowl.  Never had it like this before, but it worked!The concept is awesome.  There is the Healthy side, and a Happy side.  If you have a mixture of healthy eaters and not as healthy eaters, this place will satisfy both.  I can eat clean here AND have my cheat day here as well.  Brilliant.  We will be back.
3	I'm surprised I did not review SkinnyFats the first time I ate here, but apparently I did not. I'm guessing I must have been reserving my rating for another try. I've now been here a total of... twice.On my first run at this place I probably would have given 4-stars, but I'll say my rating is more like a 3, but bordering on 4, if they fix a few issues.First off the place is small, too small for the amount of traffic it gets. I realize they can't do anything about this, but still. Secondly, I waited for my food FOR-E-VER the last time I was here. Eh, I know these can be day-to-day issues, I'm not docking them for it, it's just me being a whiny patron.Here's the real deal - I ordered a Cranburkey with a side salad. The salad came out with the ranch cup tipped all over my salad. Presentation not so great. Salad - good. Next came the Cranburkey. Presentation - terrible. I'm used to following SkinnyFats on Instagram and their pictures of their food looks SO GOOD, and so nicely plated. So, I was disappointed. I thought, the taste will make up for it!The Cranburkey had a dry bun. The turkey was cooked well enough - but kind of bland. The cranberry-type gravy was all right, but not enough to have me desiring it again. The arugula-mix on the burger was wilted, and not terribly fresh. I picked a bunch of it out. Overall - an OK meal, therefore my rating is "A-OK". Not sure I'll be back. It's kind of out of the way from where I live and where I work. We'll see.
5	After reading great reviews from yelp and friends I had to come over here and try it for myself! This was the second time I came here, the first time we ended up leaving because of seating there was no room and the bf didn't want to sit separate since the person didn't want more over couldn't have a person in between us on the stools.. Anyways today we got here a lot earlier than last time around 12pm and I ordered a Chix of Broadway with sweet potato fries.. I loved it! This place is worth coming back every meal they carried out I saw and was like man I should of ordered that (lol) but I will be back to try out more of their foods on their menu!
5	I am here at least once a week. The food is amazing 4/5 of the time and they staff the friendliest people!!! The restaurant is a bit small and they are always busy and there are times when we can't get a table right away...but the Ahi tacos are amazing and they have TRUFFLE FRIES! Serves great breakfast all day which is fantastic. It has a very hipster vibe so it totally fits me. And I like that they have daily/weekly specials that are so creative and flavorful. I enjoy trying something new when I go and when I do I don't regret it, but of course I come back for my favorites too!
4	Decided to give this place another shot after being so bummed out the last time I was there. I went in with a clear head and came out much happier. I got the chicken and waffles this time since I knew it was going to be good. I came with my sister and we decided to share the plate with a side of fries - since its such a big portion. It was delicious and we finished all of it! I think I'm gonna stick with the un-healthy side from now on =P!I also came at a less busier time. We avoided the traffic by coming in for a late lunch. I didn't have to worry about figuring out where to sit! I also heard that they're expanding... and opening new locations around the valley! How exciting. Can't wait to see what SkinnyFats has to offer in the coming months!
5	Okay so this place is a BINGO. Quick, interesting, relatively healthy meals! Awesome shakes and smoothie options. Price is decent, only downside is it is a bit small so lunch/dinner rush time can be a bit troublesome. Get the Neato Burrito!
3	Yo skinnyfats,I like the concept but It ain't Ralph tho. I ate the the food and IT AINT RALPH THOUGH!!!!I heard the concepts, I read the reviews, I thought it would be a match made in heaven because I'm skinny but I eat like I'm fat but it wasn't going down like thatFirst thing, the decor is nice but every time I went it felt so cramped and packed. I mean what's the point of a nice place if I can't appreciate it while eating my meal. Now, let's get to the food. I don't know about whichever yelper is reading this but when I order a Philly cheesesteak, Im expecting a good mix of  steak and onions/mushrooms instead of  just enough steak that the sandwich could've been called vegetarian. I would also like to apologize for getting in the way of the breakfast burrito and it's war on taste or spices of any kind. The ahi tacos were a pretty bomb surprise. I can get down with those, same for the BLT. The tacos were nice and saucy, a very welcome surprise and the BLT was a BLT but the proportions and the bacon was right. To be honest, I love the idea, I like what this could be but I gotta call it how I see it. This isn't bad but it sure isn't where it could be
5	SkinnyFats you have won me over!I thought I had an idea of what to expect through all the reviews, but even then I was still so surprised! This place does not seem like it belongs in Las Vegas, but maybe somewhere in California. It's almost like a restaurant inspired by Tumblr/Pinterest with all the colors, art, and overall interior decor. I had slight difficulty finding the place since it's located in somewhat of a office plaza. Good thing they have signs on the light poles stating, "SKINNY FATS - YOU JUST MISSED US."Anyways.. Me and my friend went during lunch time and all I got to say is that if you're planning on going here - TRY TO AVOID LUNCH TIME. This tiny place was packed! Luckily, they have somewhat speedy service and we were able to place our order. I opted for a healthy snack and a happy side which was the mini Gobbler and truffle fries. The mini Gobbler is basically a slider burger which upon appearance I thought I should have ordered more because there was no way this small burger and bowl of fries what going to fill me up.. Surprise! Surprise! I ended my meal with a full stomach and I didn't feel totally gross. I've never had a turkey burger and found this one to be very appetizing. I definitely did not feel guilty eating it and found my hunger satisfied.I want to make a trip back here and indulge on a happy entree. This place matched up to my expectations and more. I left giving it a 2 thumbs up along with a 5-star rating.
4	I like their menu! One side of the menu is the 'skinny menu' with healthy food options. The other side of the menu is the 'happy menu' and obviously they are the fatty, junk stuff.This place is located among other office buildings and it was hard to find this small place located amongst the offices. We went around the parking lot and finally found it. From outside it may look like it is closed, but once you open the door, there's a different atmosphere inside. With music, funky art on the wall, and friendly smiles, you'll be surprised!We ordered a coffee, mocha and skinny acai bowls. The coffee and mocha were blah. The acai bowls were good and filling. I like the cute bowl in which the acai was served.As it was getting closer to lunch time, the line to the counter was getting long!
5	I stopped in at this gem the last time I was in Vegas for a weekend of debauchery.Our first night in town, we partied so hard and ate so unhealthily, that I woke up the next morning and immediately typed "healthy brunch" into Yelp to find some place around the hotel.  My friends were SO PISSED that I forced them to drive several miles away from the Strip just to eat at SkinnyFats but afterward everyone was so glad that we did!It is super far from the Strip, for those of you who are in town to party like me, and it is really confusing to find, but if you're looking for somewhere in Vegas that's healthy and priced for normal folks, there is no better spot I've found.When we walked in we were offered strawberry lemonade, which was absolutely out of this world in its own right.  Beats the hell out of the Freckle Lemonade at Red Robin which is also a favorite of mine.  As I was trying for something healthy to cleanse my body of the impurities I had done to it the night before, I got an acai bowl.  I am obsessed with acai bowls, and this is one of the best I have ever had!  The acai "yogurt" was really great tasting, all the fruit very fresh and the granola was delicious.  To be a *little* fat (I was in Vegas, after all), I did get the Gobbler because it looked tasty.  After my cells instantly perked up from my acai bowl, I was perfectly ready for the Gobbler (it's basically a turkey burger with cranberry stuff on it).  It was delicious as well!  I also tried my friend's truffle fries; they're VERY truffley so if you like the truffle taste you'll enjoy, but if you find truffle oil to be too pungent (I think it's an acquired taste) then this may not be up your alley.I'm definitely coming back here on the way in or out of town whenever I have another debauched weekend in Vegas.  If you have a car, highly recommend.  It looks far but it's really only 10-15 min from the Strip, and the food is so much better than anything you could have in your hotel.
5	Only one word can describe skinnyfats Amazing. Food quality is great and service was great. The chicken sandwhich and sf tacos were killer. The only downfall to this place is it needs more seating and maybe a beer menu. Great job skinnyfats you guys need to open acouple other locations.
5	Absolutely love this place! There always coming up with new recipes that taste great! Defiantly a place to try if your visiting Vegas or live in Vegas!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!
4	There doesn't seem to be too many good brunch places in this town but I definitely chalk SkinnyFats up to being one to check out. They have standard breakfast fare as well as some dishes that show a little more creativity, which I like. I got the Bonjour Brulee which was on the "Healthy" portion of the menu. It was good but I was confused by the bread they used. Seemed like a roll (brioche perhaps?) that was cut in half and that was it. Which is fine I guess but everyone knows the crust pieces don't soak up nearly enough egg. It came with turkey sausage and berries on top with agave nectar so it was pretty tasty.  I wanted to get juice because they look really good but I couldn't bring myself to pay $9.50 for a drink without alcohol in it! Yeah...yipes! So I settled for a "Jazz Hands" which was still a little spendy ($4) for what was in it: sprite, ice cream, mango chunks.
4	I wanted to give this place 5 stars since it was such a fun place to go and the staff were so friendly. They have a lot of options, but for some reason I couldn't really find what I wanted. So...I asked for a mix of a skinny and a happy breakfast sandwich. While I wouldn't order it again, I thought it was good. They even give a military discount, which is pretty sweet in my book!
5	Cool atmosphere - hard to come by in Vegas.  I had the fish taco-san for an afternoon snack.  It was delicious and the presentation was very thoughtful.  Everything that I saw in front of other customers also looked delicious.The only negative is that the prices are a little high for me.  You've got to spend $10+ for lunch.  But you get what you pay for.  These guys care about product quality, taste and presentation.  I'll be back.
4	Lots of good options for everybody. I could come here, be happy with the salad selection (beets and goat cheese for $5.50 is pretty good), get chix tenders for the kids and some of the raw juices (expensive at $9+), and my husband can come get a cheeseburger or cheesesteak. The inside is cute and kinda hippy, and I think it's locally owned. Service is friendly, too!
5	The great reviews got me to give this place a try and it's now part of my go to lunch spots. Fried chicken sandwich is epic, best in Vegas.
4	Fabulous. Very busy and popular place. Why? Because the staff is friendly and the food is SO DELICIOUS! Check online for their 'secret menu' though everything I have tried so far has been well worth the drive across town for it. Don't let the "healthy side" detour you, thinking only the "happy side" will be tasty (why people think healthy = bland, I don't know!) - The healthy menu is very good. Some of my favorites are on it.
4	Good food regardless what mood your in indulge or be healthy either way your set!Had a Juan wrap that was good,and my wife had some crazy looking waffles that were great. My son chowed on chocolate pankakes
3	I, like other reviewers, feel that this restaurants space and seating are way too limited for how much social media they dish out. They are busy, so hopefully one day, they can accommodate seating for all of their customers, not just some of their customers.  At the peak of their business while we were there, people were sitting on the curb outside eating out of "to go" boxes, eating in their car and eating whilst stand up in the restaurant.My order was actually forgot about because me and my friend sat outside at their bench, due to no seating inside. It roughly took them 40 minutes to figure this out too, haha. It's cool though, they comped it and ended up getting a free burger for it! I tried the cheeseburger benedict and truffle fries, good presentation and pretty good taste..just lacking a bit of flavor.A little too much hype over this place, in my opinion. I think if I were to try this place next time, it'll be if they expand their space and work through some of their "new business" kinks.
4	At first we were suspiciois about this place. Its located in a busness center and there were no cars in the parking lot. However, when we walked in - it was like we went into another world. We loved this place! Someone spent a lot of time in the finest details. Very unique concept. Even our boys (who dont like eating out) were entertained by the salt and pepper shakers, cups, paintings on walls, etc. They even enjoyed their time there. The food was excellent as well. Very tasty and fresh. Couldn't say enough good things - must try this fun, fresh and quaint place!  This place is great if your on a diet or you are just trying to pig out, highly recommended.
4	This restaurant is AWESOME! I come here at least 2x a month. Very friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Ralph gives us great recommendations each time! Overall, Its one of my favorite local joint.
4	Super hidden. Really small, dive type California style spot. Skinny: healthy choices, Fats: non-healthy choices. Not a ton of menu items, somewhat pricey for the portions. Overall, a good place for a quick bite. Just hope you can snatch a seat.
4	As much as I don't want to be labeled as a hipster, I would gladly don a pair of super skinny jeans, thick-rimmed glasses, and toms to belong here. This place was pretty awesome with its very unique and creative menu.I had a portobello cheesesteak (vegetarian) sandwich with sweet potato fries and a beet/kale/soy/yogurt/and other non-traditional juice stuff shake. Yes, shake! It was surprisingly and pleasantly delicious...the shake and food. The atmosphere was so hip that I couldn't help but feel hipster...but not awkward...just cool. So much character.It's in a really strange location with random other shops...not shops...more like industrial suppliers. And it's really small...intimate. But the ppl are super nice, patient, and friendly. And it's clean! Definitely a new local fave!
4	Place is fantastic but came on the wrong day Mothers day!!! My advice is not to come on a busy day. It was almost like extreme fast food,  and we were playing musical chairs with food. Food is amazing! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!!
5	The Red Velvette Waffle is on the "Secret Menu" so you have to ask for it. It is definitely worth is. Really rich but oh so delicious.
3	I have been to SkinnyFats around 4 or 5 times now and it seems like it is hit or miss. My company recently moved to the same business complex as SkinnyFats so it is a convenient place to eat when I don't have time to leave the office.I have never eaten in the restaurant because its always busy and I am not going to wait or rush for a table. I order my food online and either have it delivered or walk to pick it up. I only get the BLT(both happy and healthy) and both have been good and bad. The healthy option with turkey bacon I have gotten twice and it was good both times. The bad part was the fruit. It was horrible and tasted old. I wish I had taken a picture of it. I have got the happy option, with normal bacon, 2 or 3 times. The first time it was good the next two times I could barely finish it. This last time the bacon was mostly squishy fat. The truffle fries are really good. You have to eat them fresh and hot, if they get cold they taste funny. Overall all, its a cool place and I will update my review when I try something else.
5	Love this place! Me and my bf are regulars here, while I like to try new things on the menu, my bf orders chix on the broadway all the time, and I can see why. The chicken in the burger is so tender and just so perfect and the buns are sweet and just delicious. So far I like everything that I've tried!
4	It took me way too long to come here. I'm glad I did, too, because there are some interesting things happening here.First of all, tactical. Just like Baguette Cafe - location location location. Taking advantage of an area full of business and otherwise devoid of spots for lunch? Smart. Anyway that really isn't a review point, is it?Inside it's really refreshing but dark. Refreshing because it's wood planks covered in bright paints and cool little indie cartoons. The menus are on monitors. The inside has lots of seating somehow - despite limited space. It's borderline crammed. Why dark, then? Because of the way the restaurant is facing. Light bleeds in through the windows but it's not enough to light up the interior. It's dark.So the idea is that the menu is split between things more indulgent ("Fats"/"Happy") and things more lean ("Skinny"/"Healthy"). More importantly, this leads to a lot of thought being placed into everything. This is refreshing as well. It's isn't just thrown together. It's purposeful and oozes quality. Oh, and the names are silly.- Hot mame. It's edamame drowning in Asian inspired awesomeness. Chili, garlic, and a borderline ponzu-like sauce to pour over it all.- Ahi Srirachi taco. Ahi topped with plenty of mixed veggies/slaw - and apparently something with sriracha that I honestly could not pick up. The taco is served in the same sort of sideways bowl everything is served in. In an interesting effort to make it easier to eat they not only served the taco folded but in such a way that it could be easily picked up without destroying it. Fancy! This was my favorite of the entire meal I think. My first bite made me think of an American style sushi roll you'd get anywhere. Ahi quality was good. Soft cooked, clean, and tasty.- Little gobbler slider. Basically a turkey burger. The turkey itself was, unfortunately, dry. There really isn't much else to say about this. Skip.- Smoke in a Bowl. Ok, the description says "agave BBQ chicken." The name has "smoke" in it. There is nothing even remotely smokey or BBQ-like in this dish. I'd go as far as to say this is more like a mild sweet and sour chicken over brown rice. Seriously, the chopped veggies even fit the bill. Bell peppers? Pineapple? Onions? Come on. Anyway, the deception aside, it was pleasant. the chicken was all white meat and very soft. Veggies were fresh. The brown rice lacks the "shells", too. It's soft, but still tastes like brown rice.- Summer quench juice. Firstly, I really like their cups. They have a "meter" on the side to show how full/empty your cup is. Cool. This juice is cucumbers, celery, apple, and lemon. Not bad at all! Certainly not the tastiest juice on the menu but very healthy.I really love the amount of thought that has gone into creating the menu here. Everything I ate came from the healthy side of the menu so I didn't expect indulgence and richness. Maybe next visit I'll order from the dark side. Until then, I was perfectly satisfied. Worth your visit!
4	I am such a fan of this place! First impression was great! Loved their menu with the healthy and happy side. Lol. Girl at the register was really helpful. Giving us help with the menu; what's popular, what she recommended, & the secret menu. I plan to stop by here every time I visit Vegas now! The only con about this place is that it's a bit tiny. Place gets packed and people waiting for tables are standing around blocking the walk ways. I hope they open another location with more space. && just wishful thinking, I hope they open one in So Cal! ;D
2	This is second time I've been here and the fryer is broke so once again I can't get what I want not to mention that every time I come I have to fight for a table which makes it vary uncomfortable. I will not return until they either get a bigger place and they can seem to fix the fryer.
5	Really a cool little hipster Burger and salad joint.   Definitely worth trying.   Unusual dishes well prepared.   Not easy to get to but worth it.
3	Good food good prices! It just too small. It's almost like I dread going in because I know I'm going to have a hard time finding a seat and waiting for people to get up.
5	Live Happy or Live Healthy. Today was a healthy day...ahi tacos (cannot miss)...slow boat to China (cucumber salad)...wedgie salad...kids loved Naked Chicks (mango chicken tenders).We love this place because it is noisy and you do not have to worry about being too quiet.Everyone that works here is always so friendly.Seating is fairly limited especially for groups bigger than 4, but we always manage to find a seat.We are locals and will be back again and again!
5	Absolutely love this place! This is my go to place when I have people visiting from out of town or brunch with the ladies. Wish they had more seating though.  You need to get there right as it opens so you can snag a table. It gets pretty packed. I especially keep my eyes open on Instagram for there delish specials. You have to be a foodie and have a great palette for that burst of flavors that you wouldn't think would go together but absolutely compliment in all of there dishes. It's a definite must try. These chefs really know what they're doing.
5	Back in December of 2013, SkinnyFats impressed the heck out of me at a certain Yelp Event with their juices and their Naked Chix. I figured I would eventually try their shop, and it's a little surprising that it took months.Actually, make that months and a few extra minutes. I wasn't expecting SkinnyFats to be in a commercial area, but something looking more like a strip mall, so I drove right past them. Whoops! I stopped and reconfirmed the address, went back the other way, and luckily turned into the correct parking lot. So yeah,  they're basically inside an office building, and they have this vertical banner on a pole outside that's either green or pink depending on which direction you're approaching from.Inside, it definitely looked like a place to eat, with some bar style seating (including power and USB charging outlets) and some tables, all done in dark wood or a wood finish. There's to-go menus near the door (useful for when there's a line), and the closest area on the counter has a citrus water dispenser for those of us who don't want to break the bank on the cold pressed juices. The menu boards are visible after you round the corner, and they're bright and clear to read.I asked Jenn P for her recommendation and followed it exactly: Chix on Broadway ($9.50), and truffle fries as the choice for the side. It was a real treat. Brioche bun was solid, and all the fresh stuff makes it seem vaguely healthy even for something from the "happy side" of the menu, but the star of the show was the chicken breast. It's bread and fried to a great golden brown, crunchy exterior that holds up to the juicy and flavorful interior. It helps that there's portions of the chicken that stick out from the bread since you can go back to those and get enough crunch for the entire sandwich.The truffle fries were pretty good, and I liked the ketchup with jalapeno for a bit of a kick (they're not that spicy, trust me), but I wouldn't say either of those are anything to write home about.However, I found something else to like in a bite of another friend's Mr. Flapjack ($8.50). It's actually from the healthy side but tastes pretty sweet. The protein pancakes and banana chunks are probably both supplemented with agave nectar so that it's sweet but not actually all that awful. I didn't get a piece of the turkey bacon, but I would consider ordering this in the future for the pancakes and banana alone.Not everything might be as good as what I ate today, but I was very impressed. I could definitely see myself coming back as long as I don't get lost.
2	Actually 5 stars for food, my family's tried a little bit of everything over the past year and found our faves like Clucky Toes, Apollo Fries , Tu-Nuts and Chix on Broadway. We were excited for the new Westside location to open soon. However none of that matters now- due to new policy change kids meals can only be ordered to go if kids present. As a working mother picking up dinner after long day I was shocked they didn't even care I was also ordering 2 entrees and appetizer additionally. Whatever SF hope the money you save from this policy makes up for the money you lose being so family UNFRIENDLY. It's not like you have kids eat free specials or anything to even justify this policy! What was once a free spirited place turning into just another profit mongerer I'll pass on supporting!
2	The food tastes good but it is a bit pricey. I had the more cow bowl and although it tastes great, the rice is completely drenched in the special sauce they use. Root beer float is not that good because the ice cream doesn't really have a rich flavor to it, very bland. The place is always too crowded and it is very hard to find seats to dine in. It is best to order for takeout just in case there are no seats. Staff seems a little annoyed when you switch your order to takeout due to lack of seats. If you order water as a drink you must get it yourself by squeezing between the line of people since the water dispenser is located right where the line is.
5	Benedict Burger and Truffle Fries are awesome.  Also want to try the tuna and fruit juices next time.
4	This was our first food stop on our first trip to LV, based on the recommendation of the Enterprise rental car attendant when we were driving out of the lot in our Mustang Convertible (toot-toot!)Great rec, dude-whose-name-I-can't-remember!!Bulletted thoughts:-Super-duper friendly staff-Clean, modern decor-Filled with locals, as it sits in an industrial park just off the strip--who knew such "hipness" existed in a non-descript chunk of the desert?-Huge portions of food  -I believe we both ordered off of the Skinny side and were not anywhere near disappointed-Husband's "fat" side treat was 86'd, so the wonderful staff member suggested a substitution off of the skinny side---again, no disappointment here.-They've got your coveted hippy-dippy juices and health-food-based drinks right along side some good old Diet Coke, milkshakes and beer, hence SkinnyFats.  Woo Hoo!
5	If theres ever a restaurant I can commend for its near perfection, this is the spot.Customer/guest service: 5/5They always interact with you with a very lively and happy attitude. They ensure that you have a smile on your face coming in and coming out. Oh and of course while youre eating your food.Food: 5/5Without the food, skinnyfats will not be the place that it is known for. A place specifically designed to provide healthy or unhealthy, I mean happy, options. My favorite: chix on broadway. Very tender chicken in buns along with either truffle oe sweet potato fries.Location: 3/5Very random location. In a very secluded industrialized commercial center off of the 15 freeway between russell and tropicana. In ny opinion, the location is the only thing keeping this business from its potential. However, the unusual location does not give me reason to subtract stars.Great food,l and great service. This place has it going and if youre ever in the city, avoid the buffets along the strip and come to skinnyfats where you will experience something unlike other!
5	Great place and great food
4	That this place has some awesome food becomes clear fact once you see the plates piled with food move past you. Then the menu, with a very unique layout, can make you sit there reading it over and over again, painstakingly trying not to order everything on the menu.It's also super apparent that they don't have enough floor space here. You have to line up to order your food at the front counter, with no guarantee of finding a seat...the chances of which aren't very good since this place is packed during most of its hours of operation. I can't imagine why they have such a small place, as they could do exponentially better by providing more seating for their patrons.My recommendations: the sweet potato fries are to die for. Remember to get a SkinnyFats soda cup, since you can get cheaper refills when you bring it back on a future visit. Any sort of fish taco here is also amazing.
5	Great menu with a ton of both healthy and more savory options depending on your mood, great/friendly staff.
4	Amazing food! This place has healthy food options and affordable. The only thing thing is the restaurant is a bit small and i wish they had nutritional info on their meals but as far as ffod taste you cant go wrong here.
4	Delicious food!! Was really busy around 1pm when we went. Environment was really fun and great service. Will be coming back as often as possible.
5	Great Food! Great Service! I will definitely be coming here more often! I had the Cranburkey and fruit, Great! I stayed on the Healthy Side.
5	Very impressive! I came here with my wife looking for a good place to eat that had a good vegetarian option. I've been hearing a lot off positive things from my customers where I worked so I recommended it to my wife this late afternoon. The atmosphere alone put us in a good mood. They were nice and busy, the wait wasn't long, the decor was superb and the service was very good. We will definitely be back. Kudos to the Founder of skinnyfats for creating such a great spot!
3	I love this place so much every time I have a friend or family member in town I take them so they can have a taste. I go very often and even order delivery food on a regular basis. My boyfriend and I ordered take out earlier today and do the first time I was disappointed. We ordered the Maine wedge, the chicken and waffles and the phatty philly. It was my first time trying the chicken and waffles and they were spot on, best I've had. The Maine wedge was missing dressing and was packaged in the smallest container that it didnt have the same flavor because not everything was distributed evenly. The dressing was the most disappointing though because without it it didnt taste at all as wonderful as it normally is. I also order the phatty philly almost every time and was so upset that I couldn't eat it. They have changed it and didn't mention it and it doesn't say it on the menu either. It now has some weird a1 sauce and peppers. My boyfriend likes a1 so he ate it fine, I however cannot eat it without gagging. I will definitely return but was unhappy on this encounter.
5	Since I moved back to Vegas earlier this year, I've been making the rounds to find new restaurants and hidden gems, and Skinny Fats is by far the best I've found!  I've been back several times and have loved it every time.   They have put together a combination of awesome food, fun atmosphere and a staff that is incredibly cool and engaging that is tough to beat in Vegas.  One of my favorite things to do at a new restaurant is ask the server what they would get, and often I get a dumbfounded look and then just a bunch of questions about what I want.  When I ask the question at Skinny Fats, I get a passionate response full of insider tips.The best thing I've had so far is the "Smotherload Burrito".  One of the best I've ever had.  And ENORMOUS!  The Chicken and Waffles chowder is also phenomenal. You really can't go wrong with Skinny Fats, although I can't say with confidence that the "Skinny" side of the menu is any good.  I haven't ordered anything off that side yet... Don't tell my wife ;-)It can be hard to find a table, so be prepared for that.  However, not being able to find a table is usually a good sign that you're in the right place!
5	Perfect restaurant combo..... Finding a restaurant that works for my family is hard. Hubby is not the healthiest eater and me and the kids try hard too be. Well today we decided to take the nephews who are home from college out for lunch and yelped healthy options. This place came up and from the moment I found out they had a healthy/happy menu I knew this would be great. We ordered from the healthy side skinny Q pizza( gluten free), slow boat to china, Cobb salad, hot mama and from the happy side chicken on Broadway w/ truffle fries, cheese burger Benedict w/ sweet potato fries, Kids Chicken and fruit. It satisfied all of our appetites and made our tummy's happy. My husband after trying mine and our kids food said he come and eat off the healthy side next time. There was so much flavor in everything we ordered.  We will be back....
1	The food is terrible here! I don't know why it's so crowded. The eggs taste like they sat out ALL day, the muffin was so hard, I could throw it and break a window, the fries were soggy. I only eat here, because it's near my friend's office and I've never had anything good.  The cookies are ok.
5	Pleasantly surprised. It's located in a very unsuspecting location, but definitely is a hidden gem. Even though it was busy the service was quick and friendly. The food was delicious and if I'm ever nearby again I will absolutely stop in for another bite.
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Right by my work so it's a perfect snack for when I get off. The food is well priced and delicious.
4	Great food at a decent price. Check it out.  Look up the secret menu before you go.
5	This place is awesome! I always go here because it's just down the street from work and I have never had a bad meal. It is a little pricey though.
3	Dark interior complicated my ability to read the menu which is unique! I gave in to my oft delightful ordering technique and asked the staff what would be sure to bring me back!  The chicken sandwich with truffle fries fit the bill!  Cucumber milkshake prepared with choice of frozen product and choice of milk too!  I was a happy camper! A great ace to order ahead to take home! Seating limited! Staff was attentive and good natured!! The half sandwich left over was selfishly hidden and enjoyed two days later and was still impressively yummy!
4	Seating sucks. Come when it's dead.Trust me on this. I came here with my gf around noon and it was packed enough that we had to stand around waiting for a table to open up, and they have very few tables. The menu is divided up by "Healthy" and "Happy", the former is which is ostensibly good for you while the latter is undeniably not. We shuffled around the board a bit with our orders. I got Mr. Flapjack (I think that's what it was called); basically two protein pancakes (they add in whey protein powder) with bananas and syrup, along with turkey bacon. My chick went with the popular cranburkey sandwich. And we also got an order of specialty fries, that turned out to be a mistake. The flapjacks were quite good, as far as flapjacks are concerned. It's not exactly the pinnacle of breakfast items. I am of the opinion that bananas make (nearly) everything better, so their inclusion here was enough to make me happy. I'm also a guy who tries to get a good amount of protein in with each meal, so having 18g (is that each? not sure) added into these pancakes satisfied my needs. Turkey bacon sucks. It always sucks. No matter how good someone tries to make it sound, it's never as good as real bacon. But if you want to eat something healthier, it's there. Personally, I would've liked some applewood smoked bacon thick as Jessica Simpson's thighs.The fries. We ordered these special fries - which I can't seem to find on their online menu, and the name escapes me - but they were a mad doctor's concoction of sweet potato fries, balsamic vinegar, feta (might've been goat) cheese, and chicken. And I think some nuts might have been involved. It's one of those dishes someone thinks up while they're high, and you'd probably have to be in a similar mindset to eat them. Did. Not. Work.
5	Ate here for the first time yesterday. I drove to the location and I thought I drove to the wrong place because the area this restuarant is located in seemed very discreet. Make sure to grab a table if you're eating there because this place is kinda small and if it's crowded then good luck trying to find a place to sit.It was cool how they had a menu if you're trying to eat healthy and a menu for the opposite. When I received my order there was a hair in it the workers really need to wear hair nets or something because I really lost my appetite after that.Just wanted to update my review the manager messages me personally on yelp after seeing this review and offered me a $25 gift card. I work in retail and the type of workers who do these things for customers definitely know how to run a business. I will be coming back they went above and beyond my expectations after this.
4	Chix on Broadway so amazing!..I love this place. Kind of in a weird location but great restaurant by far!
5	Love love love this place!!!I have been procrastinating this review for months.  This is definitely a hidden gem that I make a point to introduce to my tourist friends.  Great selection of deliciousness . Can't wait until the new location opens on Durango.Space is limited but high turnover of tables.  It was probably not a good idea that I came with 8 people once but it was manageable.  Dylan was awesome at accommodating us, or was it Dillon? I get them confused.  Everyone on the staff is very welcoming though.  Hands down, my favorite is the Chix on Broadway - chicken sandwich with great flavors and BACON!!! yum.  Chicken is perfectly moist and juicy.  Comes with a side, I usually get the truffle fries.  Even their ketchup is amazing: choice of regular, jalapeno or balsamic vinegar.Want something more breakfasty? Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis is a great alternative to the Chix on Broadway.  Same juicy fried chicken tenders but served on a buttermilk waffle.I usually order "Orange you happy" as my beverage - I order it with ice cream but for the health conscious, you have the option of adding frozen yogurt.  Cold pressed juices are available and delicious but usually "too healthy" for me.  I've tried the Hangover Remedy, Mr.Green and Liquid Defense.I tend to hover on the "happy side" of the menu, I call it the "fatty side" but I've ventured to the "healthy side." Slow Boat to China's has a great presentation.  Asian chicken salad served on a cucumber "boat".  Ahi Srirachi Taco is good but I preferable it's evil twin Ahi Taco-San, served on a puffed shell.  FYI, one taco is nicely sized.Other faves: Drunken Monkey Cakes, REDiculous (red velvet waffle), Bomb Diggity (BLT), Protein PancakesCheck out the special of the day too!
5	Not only have we loved everything we ordered from SkinnyFats, but mom fell in the parking lot and had to be rushed to the hospital. The staff came running out with CPR knowledge and towels! They were fantastic! The owner gave us his card and asked us to call with an update. He was near tears. What an amazing group of people!
4	The ambience is nice and friendly. I ordered the Chicken&Waffle plate and it wasn't cooked properly so I asked to replace it with the #Merica and the kind server, Rica, was kind enough to do so. The Merica was a much better choice. Thank you for making my experience a nice one!!!
3	My roomie never had Skinny Fats before so being the awesome roommate that I am I decided to take him. When we got there it was busy busy busy practically had to fight through a group of frat boys just to get to the menu! Immediately I noticed the new gear the staff was wearing, it really compliments the joint. Anyhow, their frier was announced to be broken so I couldn't have my truffle fries. Boo! I think they did it on purpose to encourage healthier eating. My roomie ordered the classic burger always decent here and I got the Brussel Crowe which was very refreshing. Personally out of the many items that I've tried here I love their burgers & fries the most. Expect to spend at least $11-20 per person if you get an entree and drink. Food is ok but nothing really to rave about, but it is worth trying at least once. Highlight: I caught the US Vs Ghana World Cup game woot woot.
4	Came here with three friends. You order at the counter but they bring the food to you. You also get your own water. Never really sure how much to tip at these kinds of places. I usually do around 10%. I got the steak cheesus or whatever the heck it's called. It was very good. The bread on the bottom was a bit hard possibly stale or else it would be five stars. Also I'm a French fry nit and theirs were a bit over done. Instead of being fluffy in the middle they were hollow. Everyone with me loved their food and floats.
5	Love Love Love!!! I went with a group of four people. The intimate and trendy atmosphere is nice and has the same vibe as Fremont East. The food is amazing my boyfriend and I shared the Nice To Greek You and the Cherry Popper! It was only $20 and was well worth it! Hands down the best flatbread I've had In a while and the burger was amazing! And to top it off you can get your cookie warmed for desert yum!
4	Love this place! I'm currently doing their menu challenge, which if I order every single item off their menu I'll get 15% off every time I order for the rest of my life :)
5	Surprisingly great food!! My hubby and I were a little bit skeptical since this place is in a weird location and doesn't look like much, but the food is worth it!! Sooo good. The sweet potato fries are unlike any I have ever had,  very sweet and crispy.  I also got the cranberry turkey burger and it was delish. Probably the best turkey burger I have had in my lifetime.  I now understand why people rave about this place!
5	best of both worlds cant get enough of this place. come here almost daily
5	Great food!! Love this place! I wish the dinning area was bigger but the service is always good.I've tried almost everything on the menu and can't say one bad thing about the food.
5	Been back here twice and can say everything I've had has been really good.  The fries were much better the second time as well.I'd recommend the cherry popper burger.  It's a bit messy but quite delicious.
5	BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. We left and were so full, but felt energized - that feeling you get after eating WELL! We were ready to tackle the day in good old Vegas. Thanks SkinnyFats!
3	Food not bad above average...seating beyond terrible not enough and cramped as hell. I don't think the food made it worth the bad seating
4	Skinny Fats is AWESOME! What a great concept. Having a happy side and a Healthy side really shows how hard it is to choose whether to eat good or just treat yourself. This place is really makes me fight my inner self. I've tried their pancakes (on the happy side of course) and they were absolutely DELISH. Hot and fluffy pancakes, overloaded with whip cream and marshmallows/oreos. SOO GOOD. Definitely can't go back to iHop or denny's after having these! My boyfriend got the Ahi Taco and one of the pizzas. It was good size, enough to feed two! But obviously he's a boy and boys can eat a lot. LOL. I've also had their salads which a tasty. And their nutella shake for dessert definitely put me on my happy side. :) This place is small but cute and lively. The workers are very nice and always cater well to your needs. If you don't like something, you don't need to have it in your order. Also, their free water is really yummy. They have different fruits in them on different days. I love the interior design on the walls and it's so detailed to the little salt and pepper shakers. Overall, it's a cool place to go to when you want quality food. Look out for it because you couldn't even tell where it is in its location!
5	Very good food. Choose from the healthy side or the happy side!!! :DD both times I have been here, always a long line but its totally worth the wait!!! Their slaw chee side dish is super delicious! Next time I go, dying to try their slow boat.
4	The food here is AMAZING!!!! I've been here twice. The first time I got something off the "healthy side" and the second time I got their chicken and waffles and I was in heaven. I would recommend this place to anyone I know. The portion sizes are huge. It does get busy and its fund your own seating but it worth it!
4	This place is a must try! Truly a fan of Skinny Fats!The first time I went was around lunchtime, so I tried the Buff Chix- so yummy! Love the buffalo sauce! The next time I went was for breakfast, so I decided to try 3 Happy Chicks. Again- so yummy! This is now my go to item all the time! Especially since they serve breakfast all day!I would love to try everything on the menu! But every time I go, I always seem to order the 3 Happy Chicks!  It's a simple breakfast- just made perfectly! The location is a smaller place, which is always packed, but I think that this is just part of the fun and experience! The staff is amazing... full of fun, and awesome-ness, and just always in a great mood!
5	This place is delicious!!!I love that this place is off the strip and tucked away where not many people will find it. Staff is awesome, cheerful, and helpful. You order at the front counter and the menu has a great ( and super tasty) variety. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meals. Another perk was the quickness of service. We didn't have to wait long for our food and everything was super fresh! Check this place out on your way home from Vegas! You will not regret it!
2	I really wanted to like this place.. the concept is fun and cute, but its a miss for me.I (partly) can't get behind the concept because I don't know how they break down and define the skinny portion of the menu versus the fat side.  Is it skinny because its low calorie?... well it doesn't seem to be very healthy.  Most of the food seems loaded with sugars and fat free ingredients.  Which isn't my idea of healthy nor skinny.  However, if you compare the skinny to the fat side, you may be doing a little better but I still can't be sure without more information on the menu. The menu is confusing already, so it would be great if they simplified it and added some more information or details about what you're eating.  (i.e. Organic, No GMO's, Fat free, Low Calorie)Also, I didn't feel that the flavors were well developed.  They seem either too salty or too packed with sugar.  This was my biggest issue.  I've been about 3 times and I've been disappointed each time.  I think this place has great potential and would love for it to improve, but I can't give it my recommendation.  Interior is cute, staff seemed nice, wait time wasn't too bad, I like the self seating, but its a very confusing menu and concept that I can't agree with.... However, I hope I'm wrong. I hope that skinny means healthy with quality ingredients (Organic, low salt, NO GMO's, etc. ) and not just low calorie with lots of salt and sugar or a fat free salad dressing versus a regular salad dressing.
5	Delicious! They have a happy menu and a healthy menu so this place can accommodate all types of taste buds. I got the dabayou (sp?) double patty burger with Cajun sweet potato fries. Those were the best sweet potato fries that I have ever had! The burger was pretty tasty itself, not as big as I thought it would be but it was good enough for me and I shared it with someone. I also got the jazz hands float (vanilla frozen yogurt or you could choose to put vanilla ice cream, sprite, and chopped pieces of mango). Then me and 2 friends shared rediculous off the breakfast menu (more of a dessert....) which is a red velvet waffle with a lighter version of the cream cheese frosting, blackberries and raspberries, chocolate drizzle, bacon, and syrup on the side. The prize ranged but averaged I would say 10-15. Their smoothies were pretty expensive, about $10. Parking was decent. It's a small place, could probably fit like 30 people. Also, they offer free hugs so I took up that offer and the cashier was nice and she gave me a hug and everyone else at my table decided to get a hug. The art on the inside of the restaurant is pretty cool as well. Service is awesome, people asked if it was out first time and it was since we were visiting from San Diego so one of the guys explained the menu to us (so many options!). People checked in with us and served the food to us. You pay at a register then you get your food so you don't have to worry about paying afterwards or how to split a check! :)
4	The food is amazing, I suggest the Chix on Broadway. But, the service needs a little work -- only due to the high volume of customers in contrast to the shack 's setup. It took me thirty minutes to order and once I did order, there was nowhere to sit. However, the staff is full of plenty congenial characters. Plain and simple, the ordering process is akin to Smashburger. The only difference is you're cared for more closely at this establishment. A waitress here named Ashley said that they're opening a new location, though she didn't know where specifically, so perhaps the setup at the new location will be better.
3	Pros:- Excellent service - the staff is very friendly and helpful. - Fun restaurant atmosphere - colorful wall decal and good music.Cons:I tried the Rosemary Jane, 3 Healthy Chix, Nice to Greek You, Buff Chix, Truffle fries, and Wrap Superstar and all were just Ok. If I had to pick one to have again I'd pick the Nice to Greek You. Overall the flavors were bland even though the dish descriptions sounded awesome.  I wouldn't come back here just for the food.
4	Food was amazing. So crowded for a Sunday at two. We were just picking up goo and they forgot a taco, but quickly refunded us out money.
5	I loved it... Staff was friendly and up beat, the decor was young hip and trendy, the food was huge portions.. You can split one item between two ppl.. And the food was delish.. No complaints what so ever
4	I'd heard good things about this place from friends, but when I tried it I wasn't blown away by the food. However, this is probably because I'm a pescetarian so I didn't have many options to choose from on the menu. We asked the cashier if there were more vegetarian options and he was very helpful by notifying us of other dishes not listed on the menu in the store, so I ended up ordering a veggie burger. The sauce was good but the patties themselves were not special, so it's not something I'd order again. My sister had the Shroomin' in Philly sandwich which she enjoyed, and we both really liked the truffle fries. After looking at the online menu, I noticed that there were actually more vegetarian options that sounded tasty and I would like to try, so I do want to come back again. Their breakfast meals also seem promising. The service made the experience much better. Everyone was friendly and helpful, and although they brought us our fries very late (we were already done with our sandwiches), they apologized for the wait and let us have free cookies. The place itself has a nice atmosphere and I liked that we could order from the counter rather than waiting for someone to come take an order.
4	After a long and arduous weekend of dancing and partying (EDC), my group and I were ready to grub on some good food. Although we were en route to Bachi Burger, the line there was just too horrendous. Thank god for yelp, it lead us straight to skinnyfats.SkinnyFats is the best of both worlds, you can get your super delicious, indulgence type of food that will bust your diet but make your tastebuds all so happy, or you can get a more waistline friendly selection that is equally delicious and satisfying. They have items ranging from the most delectable breakfast items to a more savory burger. Pros:-good menu options and decent prices to mix and match your choices.-good serving sizes.-knowledgeable workers-options to either go healthy or indulge in your inner fat kidCons:-limited seating-first come first serve bar space or tables-not great for huge partiesI ended ordering a ahi srirachi taco and the slow boat to china. Although slow boat to china looked very small when it first arrived, to my surprise, the serving of chicken salad stuffed in the cucumber boat is actually quite substantial. Taste wise, I was very pleased and so was the rest of my group. Next time i'm in vegas, I'll definitely drop by when I feel like getting my gluttony on.
3	The difficult-to-find location and parking already turned me off a little before I even walked in the door to a line that nearly went out of it. I can only imagine how busy this place must be given that I was there at 2PM on a weekday. Line delay combined with small space led to many people standing around awkwardly with nowhere to sit after placing their order. I ordered to go, but standing for nearly half an hour was not ideal. Unable to determine if tables of people were waiting on food or lingering after finishing their meals.Food: maybe I didn't get the right menu items to justify the hype but they have cut a lot of popular items from the menu so a few of the things I'd had my eye on are no longer options. Both the customers in front of and behind me in line had the same issue. Change is good when warranted, but when asked, an employee couldn't explain why they were no longer selling highly-requested dishes.Opted for one of each of the ahi tacos- the ahi sriarchi and the ahi taco-san, one healthy and one happy. Healthy one was lacking flavor on the actual fish: healthy doesn't mean you can't season the fish, Daily Wellness Kitchen manages a good seasoning on theirs. Additional toppings added flavor but I was underwhelmed by the blandness of the fish itself.The ahi taco-san was served on a puffy taco, which got soggy fast with the sauces and watery slaw topping. Flavors were a bit more pronounced with this taco, and I enjoyed the fish despite not generally being a tempura fan. The kitchen was heavy-handed with the mayo-based sauce.I may come back another (carefully-timed) time to dine-in and try more options (is the cranburkey still there?), and the atmosphere seemed cool, but I will likely just wait until they move to a better location- management has commented that a larger 215/Rainbow location is in the works.
4	Super packed lunch place! Came here on a Saturday lunch time and there were no seats. :(.However, this place has a wide range of healthy dishes and some less than healthy dishes. We opted for the chicks on broadway with truffle fries. The chicken sandwich was moist, huge and delicious. For $10, it was enough to feed my gf and I. Also, they are the only place that I know of that offers nice water cups.Overall, an amazing deal off the strip. I definitely see myself coming here again on my next Vegas trip.
5	This place was recommended to me by my awesome friend and finally decided to try it. Warning: it does get packed, come before or after lunch. Place is rather small and kinda of hard to find. I had the chicken n waffles: definitely love the chicken; it was crunchy n moist. The waffles had a crunch to it and it just melted in my mouth lol. Will try more of the menu but definitely everything is fresh and cooked to order
3	This place is pretty popular. I've seen many posts about it via Facebook and Instagram, so I thought I would give it a try. We went on a Friday just before closing and it was nearly empty. I already had second thoughts about going because it was difficult to find. Upon entering, I was surprised at how small this place is. Considering its popularity, I was expecting it to be bigger. Their menu has a "healthy" side and a "happy" side. My hubby and I opted for something on the happy side. I had a Cheezy Peezy, a pizza heavily packed with cheese. I was excited because I'm a total cheese lover, but the goat cheese was packed on, so the taste was very strong. I could only eat one piece. Hubby ordered a Meltdown. I took a couple of bites from it and it was pretty good. We both had a side of truffle fries. We thought they were good, but not too much different than regular french fries. We also ordered a strawberry lemonade, which was amazing! The lemonade is made in-house and it tastes so fresh. Although the food did not wow us, the service was really good. I wish I knew the name of the girl who talked to us, but she was super helpful. She gave us a lot of suggestions and had a good attitude which I always respect. Honestly, I feel like this place is a little overrated, but I will return sometime so I can try some of the healthier dishes.
4	This place is hidden where nobody would expect to find it. I was almost thinking it wasn't real until I saw their sign outside. Anyways. I LOVED this place. The atmosphere, the food, the cost!We got the chix on broadway with truffle fries, the chicken and waffles, and the chicken tenders with sweet potato fries.Everything was delicious and not to mention the size of the chix on broadway was HUGE!Reasons why they do not get 5 stars though:-Menu has weird names without telling you exactly what you are getting. I had to refer back to pics on yelp to really get an understanding of what a few of the items were.-It was our first time here, we didn't know whether to seat ourselves or where to order. Instead of greeting us, or a few other people who came in, the waitresses seemed to walk past us. We caught on by watching other people go up to the counter and order.-location is weird. Next to the 15 close to the strip club and kinda out of the way.But all in all, I absolutely loved this place and will be returning to try out so much more!
5	After months of listening about how amazing this place is, I've finally made it in to try out SkinnyFat's delicious food for myself! This tiny hidden gem was easy to spot among the monotonous business buildings; who can pass up stopping in a place that has a huge smiley on their doors?!Although their space is tiny for the amount of people that love their food, the ambience is very laid back, and the staff is on their game. They handle the crowd well and with a positive attitudes.Now, about the food, any place that has jalepeno ketchup on their tables is my kind of restaurant!!! You can't beat the freshness of their entree items. We ate the Cranburkey with truffle fries and the Tu-Nuts. Both dishes were so delicious, had fresh, very fresh produce and satisfied without needing to have someone roll me out of the restaurant. Did I mention there was jalapeno ketchup?!?!Five stars all the way. I'm coming back next week to try more of their amazing menu.
4	Tu-nuts : Bomb! Truffle fries: super bomb! Chix on Broadway: good, chicken breading needs some serious salt though Love the different ketchups they have!
5	Awesome place. Sometimes hard to get seats so patience is a must or just flat out luck but totally worth it! Parking is easy and free.  Totally recommended and cant wait for a bigger location to open up! Prices are fair and sizes are perfect.
4	What a fun place to grab dinner!!!  It is a little hidden in the business park that it sits in in an industrial area off of Dean Martin...I only drove past it twice trying to find it! HahahaI had heard about this place from a few friends, and as I was done eating the same old thing for dinners, so I decided to finally try SkinnyFATS.The restaurant is small with about 8 tables and a long window bar with stools to sit at.  There is one TV to watch and the decor was hip with paintings on the walls of fruits and vegetables.As soon as I walked in, the young lady (did not get her name) immediately knew I had never been there before...guess I stuck out like a sore thumb!  hahahahaAnyway, she guided me through the menu explaining the differences between the Healthy (skinny) dishes and the Happy (fat) dishes.  I could even order breakfast if I wanted as it was served all day.I settled on "Berry the Steak.'  It is a flat bread with shaved NY steak, feta and goat cheeses, arugula, balsamic reduction, and blackberries.  I also grabbed a side salad and a soda.The side salad, though simple, was delicious.  Lettuce, tomato, and a few other veggies with ranch dressing.Free refills on the soda!  Can't beat Dr. Pepper!The flat bread was delicious!!!!!!  Nice combo of sweet (berries and balsamic) and peppery (arugula).  There was also nice texture with the crunchiness of the flat bread and the soft warm creaminess of the cheeses.  My only critique is, and this is being picky, is that the flat bread was a little hard to cut with a knife so that it could be cut into more manageable pieces to eat.  I think maybe pre-cutting it into 4 pieces (it's a square shape) might be helpful.The staff was extremely friendly and totally willing to answer questions about the menu and various dishes.  They gave me a number, I sat at a table, and then delivered it to me when the meal was ready.I highly enjoyed the meal and the vibe and am looking forward to going back.Thanks SkinnyFats!  You have a new fan!!!!
5	Skinny fats is amazing! Dylan S. was so on top of giving the best service to my friend Ally and I. We enjoyed the experience immensely. Aside from the great food, the great service made the whole dining experience excellent! Thank you to Dylan! -Cindy and Ally
5	Great menu selection. They have a heathy & happy menu. 4 of us split the following- red velvet waffles/chocolate, raspberries, & cream cheese icing, #Merica - chicken fried strip steak & gravy on top of biscuits w/3 eggs scrambled, Ahi Taco-San , the special New York Bleu shaved strip steak sandwichGreat atmosphere, friendly staff. Excited to talk & recommend items.It has about 50-60 seats. Very busy at 11am. It's about 5-10 minutes from strip. If your a foodie for sure try them out.Prices range about $8-$12. Good portions.
5	This place is awesome! The menu selection and variety is very well balanced. The guy at the register was very knowledgable of the menu and I think his name was Lynel. He definitely was excited to tell us about the menu! Definitely will be back. The cherry bomb burger and ahi sirracha tacos were great
4	This place is so cozy and cute and definitely off the beaten path. It's very small inside and there will probably be a wait. The menu is delicious both healthy and happy sides are! I wish it were a bit bigger inside and not so loud -between the location's acoustics and everyone talking way too loud. It was too much. They did however turn it down after I politely asked. Got a strawberry lemonade and the chick-a-waffa-dopplis. Both were tasty. Chicken could've used a little more salt and the lemonade was tad too sweet but otherwise tasty. I love this place because there isn't one thing I don't love on the menu.
5	I've only been here once, but I am definitely coming back! I had the #merica, which is the fried chicken with the most delicious sausage gravy over 2 biscuits. Very fattening, but definitely a cheat meal that is worth it. This place feels like you're eating at one of those fancy places on the strip, but not as pricy and actually better than what I've had on the Vegas strip. This place is definitely worth making the venture off the strip for.
4	SkinnyFATS has a really great concept. We ordered multiple items during our visit and their flexibility with substitutions makes this establishment overly desirable. This place is a great place to visit if you're sharing so you can get a little bit of everything! They also sell items varying from breakfast to burgers so you can really come here during all hours of operation. The only downfall is its random location and size. It was really difficult to find since the sign is on the smaller side. Since it was also really busy, it was hard to find a a spot to sit. TIP: Order your dressing on the side when ordering a salad
5	Devirginizing jen. Ahi taco San is yum!!! If you are looking for a healthy or not so healthy dish, come here. You will not be disappointed. Small and cozy place, price is right
5	This place was amazing!! My boyfriend surprised me last night!! It's definitely a diamond in the rough:)
5	Do you remember Alan Jay Lerner's musical Brigadoon?  The classic tale of a Scottish village that only appears to those whose hearts are true or something like that?  SkinnyFATS is my Brigadoon of dining establishments.  You have to have a heart that's true to navigate the mysterious vortex that is Dean Martin and Sunset - but stick to it, fellow diners!  For when you arrive at SkinnyFATS you're in for some great food.  Yesterday I went and ordered The Sweet Cheese Us sammich with a side of fruit.  I wanted the truffle fries so badly, as they are Heavenly but I'm watching my figure.  The side of fruit was nice though - not just a sad cup of melon with the solitary grape that is so standard in the world of fruit sides.  This side of fruit had watermelon, honeydew, lots of grapes, pineapple and some cantaloupe.  Jackpot!  The Sweet Cheese Us was delicious.  I was trying to come up with the perfect description for it and it hit me - it's an artisan Philly cheese-steak.  Or maybe a couture cheese-steak would be more appropriate.  Pick one, it doesn't matter because it's delicious.  The shaved NY Strip used is tender and tasty, the caramelized onions a perfect, and the portabello mushrooms are a nice touch.  The prices seem a little steep - but the portions are HUGE.  Here's a tip - go with a friend and split a sandwich.  I was alone yesterday and barely put a dent in my meal.  Another nice little tip to save dollars - don't order a beverage because they provide complimentary cucumber lemon water that is so cold and refreshing.  I had already ordered a soda and regretted that as soon as I took a swig of their special water.  Anyway, good luck finding it - the location is tricky.  But if you follow your heart (and your GPS is calibrated) you're in for a great meal!
3	I dig the wood paneled shabby chic interior and the skinny/healthy or fat/happy concept so everyone can eat. The BF were at a awkward time where we needed to get something to eat, but not be too full so that we couldn't eat dinner later with friends so we decided to split some items. The Cherry Popper came recommended by the guy at the counter so we went with that. Now I loved the flavor components, enjoyed the banana peppers and sauce, but the burger was way too wet. The patty came piping hot and was not rested so the red juices were still oozing out and the slaw/banana peppers were also wet ingredients that contributed to the lake the bottom bun sopped up within minutes. No one loves wet bread so they should toast the buns well, let the meat rest and strain the accompaniments to make this burger the superb star it could be. My picture shows there is a puddle between my burger and fries. You get a choice of side and we grabbed truffle fries which I thought was seasoned perfectly and had a nice crisp. I like that they offer jalapeno ketchup as well on the table! We also got supposedly the most popular item on the menu according to the guy at the counter - the seared ahi taco. We just picked the two popular items to try than delve off it. It was just aight. The components were fresh enough, but the flavor wasn't anything wowing. Good, not great. I also am someone who believes deeply in heating the tortilla to give it a nicer pliable texture but this was just straight out of the bag wheat tortilla. After the fact I see in pictures CRUNCHY tacos and on their website describe a "puffed shell" that probably would be way better and my opinion would have been different. We weren't asked if we wanted crunchy or soft so I don't know if you have to ask or they substituted.I like the ideas of what they are doing here, the menu ideas are all very enticing. Maybe it was a slightly off day, but it's the execution that fell short for me. Details make a winner. If our bun wasn't soggy and our tortilla was nice and chewy this was a very easy 4 stars. I will be back though to give them another shot though as I suspect there's gotta be something bringing people to this inconvenient location. FYI There will be a 2nd location opening up on Durango and Warm Springs which while not in my hood, is very convenient as we're always at our friends home in the SW. Keep an eye out as there is just a coming soon sign in the shopping center Mac Shack is in.
3	The concept of this place is a dream to me! To be able to find various healthy menu items while my family is still able to indulge. The struggle of staying healthy is real! We came on a Monday at 2PM. I figured it would be slow but boy were we wrong. There were no tables at the time, and the line was wrapped around the bar (which seems to be common) but people ate quickly and cleared out so we were able to grab a 4 top. From the photos of the food, I had no idea it was an order at the counter sort of place, but probably wonderful for the many people who made to-go orders that work nearby. After reviewing their menu and it being (unfortunately) too late to eat breakfast, I opted for the slow boat to China and sriricha ahi taco. My husband got the cherry popper burger with truffle fries and ordered the veg-to-bowl and yummus for the kids. They have a children's menu which was very disappointing... I get that in America, we're used to shoving garbage down our kids throat and pray they don't get type II diabetes by the time they're 25, but come on. At a place like this, I was hoping for a healthier kids menu than chicken fingers, peanut butter and jelly, & PB & banana. The food arrived not too long after and we dug in. The kids LOVED the yummus with pita. I was really surprised how much they liked it since the rosemary was so potent in it that it turned off my husband. They also really enjoyed the vegetable bowl with tofu and a plethora of veggies. The portobello fried rice was dreamy. Definite thumbs up for the veg-to-bowl even though it's on the happy side. My husband really enjoyed his burger, but had the exact same complaints as Jade. He picked it up, took a bite, and told me that he is scared to put the thing down because it will definitely fall apart next time he picks it up. His plate looked like a plate of soup by the time he was done and said he would ask them to toast the bun more next time and apply less sauce. My sriricha ahi taco and slow boat were alright. I think they use too much sauce here with their aiolis being at the front of the menu. There was definitely too much aioli and sauce in general on my slow boat.  I could barely taste the ingredients. The tuna in my ahi taco were mediocre at best with them being rubbery along with the tortilla. The slawchee in it was delicious and the flavors in the taco were great. I just wish the tuna was less rubbery. Overall, I was a bit disappointed with the results. While we are indeed sauce lovers, we will have to ask for less sauce on everything next time so we can really taste the ingredients.
2	When I first moved to Las Vegas SkinnyFATS was at the top of my bookmarked list. After looking over the menu I was intrigued by the protein pancakes. Not many breakfast places offer this type of option. My protein pancakes may have been packed with healthy ingredients but like another reviewer said I was hoping for more health information on the pancakes. Are the protein pancakes on the healthy side because they are high in protein and rich in nutrients? Made with whole grains or oats instead of white flour? The pancakes were tasty but I could barely finish one because they were  dense and heavy. I did not like the turkey bacon because it was too salty and I am not a huge fan of agave syrup in general because I just think it is too sweet. If the pancakes were less sweet it may have worked better but because the pancakes were sweet on their own I could not eat it with the agave syrup.On my last visit I custom made a 24 oz shake with strawberry, frozen yogurt, kale, and banana. The shake tasted sour but not in a good way. I could not make out the kale and overall it was a sour tasteless banana strawberry smoothie. After looking over the menu and tasting a few of the items I am not sold on the healthy side of the menu. I think most of their healthy items lean more towards being fat free, low calorie, and sugar free. Some of their breads and tortillas are listed as wheat which can refer to anything that is wheat and usually has the nutrients removed. None of which are healthy or valuable to the body.
4	Finally got to try this place out! The place is small, but they make it work. The decor is pretty cool & the food is great. The buff chix and superstar wrap was soooooooooo good! we came in the day before my boyfriend's birthday & he got a free birthday float of his choice! Hehe so yummy!
3	Good thing we were the first ones to walk in because within 15 min of this place opening today it got packed. When it is busy (which it always seems like it is) if you were to walk in you'd kinda want to change your mind just because of the space. It's very small so if you plan coming here with a group you should come before they open. It's an open seating type restaurant where you order in the front then you sit at your table and wait.Now let's talk about the food..#Happymess (4/5) basically truffle French fries with steak,Pico de gallo, gorgonzola cheese crumbles. Really good actually I would definitely order it again.I would only recommend it had like a sauce smothered on it or some sour cream. Would probably make it better#merica (3/5)-is what I personally ordered. I'm a big fan of chicken fried steak and eggs and their version had biscuits instead of toast and what is really missing from this dish is flavor in the gravy and the biscuits weren't that great plus when I'm eating this I love some hashbrowns or country potatoes which it didn't have.# REDiculous (4/5)-red velvet waffles!!I really like how this dish was put together all the flavors were there and everything but the bacon needs some work # Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis (5/5)I think this was my  favorite dish very simple and just finger licking good..you can't really go wrong with chicken and waffles unless your waffle is messed up or your chicken is lacking but both paired up well together.I would also order this againOverall I would definitely be back to try other things but I would hope that they could add some more things to the menu because it seems very limited and I think it would be better if they had more of a variety for breakfast.
5	Loved this place! Great service! I split the melt down with a friend. Delicious!!! Can't wait to go back!
5	This place lives up to its reputation. Be prepared to get a menu while you wait in line so you know what you want when you get to the register...there WILL be a line. Also be prepared to throw some elbows for a place to sit. Just sit at a dirty table and they'll come over and clean it quick like! Don't worry, its so worth it. Their food is unique and tasty and will leave you wanting more.
4	Pretty good. The food was great, the service was fanstastic, and overall it was a great experience. My only complaint is the seating in this place. We went in a dull period so we got a table quickly, but at a busy lunch time period, I cannot imagine trying to find a place to sit. I see they are opening a new location near my home in southwest soon and it appears to be a little bigger. So that might take this joint from a 4 to 5 star. I have the #Merica breakfast from the Happy side of the menu. It was fanfreakingtastic. I would definitely recommend this place. My co-worker loves their juices. The best part about this place is there are too sides of the menu a Happy side (with comfort food galore) and a Healthy side if you are looking for something more healthy. Definitely worth a visit, i know I will be back.
5	Checked out this place a couple weeks ago after a friend told me about it. Was in town for business and came here for dinner before heading to the airport. It seems to be in a business park of some sort but was close to the airport so it was perfect. Looked over the menu and everything looked really good. Our waitress was super friendly and helped suggest a few dishes. We couldn't decide so we ordered 3 dishes between the 2 of us. My friend eats a lot so I knew it wasn't a problem! Everything was awesome. I can't remember the names of all the dishes we got but trust me, everything was really good. The BEST dish was the Merica, it's shaved NY strip chicken fried over biscuits n' gravy w/ 3 eggs. That was awesome!!! They have really creative names on the menu with both healthy and happy options. Definitely will go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Both times I've been, I have loved the food I ordered (Ahi Taco-San and Veg-to-Bowl). The Veg-to-Bowl had big chunks of pineapple, tofu, and bell peppers, was very filling and super flavorful. I would definitely order it again. But besides those dishes, there aren't a whole lot of vegetarian/pescatarian options which is really my only complaint. Yes, it's a small place, but it's not unbearable. Service has always been quick and very friendly, which is really all you can ask for at a place like this. Definitely a repeat spot!
2	I was expecting healthier options.. It wasn't horrible just not healthy enough for me
5	Delicious, gorgeous, and oh so satisfying. We had a quick lunch here when in Vegas this summer and ordered The Classic (medium rare and juicy), a side of truffle fries (comes with The Classic), and the Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis (fried chicken breast strips over buttermilk waffles and syrup). Truffle Fries: The fries are regular shoe-string style and fresh, with lightly sprinkled truffle and cheese. It was slightly under seasoned, but the truffle scent and taste really shined. Delicious by its own merit or with a quick visit to the ketchup pond.The Classic burger: The fresh bun is dwarfed by the amount of veggies, thick tomato slices, and enormous juicy patty; if you're a messy eater, grab a few napkins before you start. It was a perfect combination of healthy veggies and the gluttony of burger meat...Chick-a-waff-a-dopolis: A few reviews mentioned that this was a "secret" menu item, but I saw it on the menu like anything else. Thick cuts of delicious chicken breast dipped and fried in an amazing batter. The chicken was well seasoned and had a kick of flavor. The waffles and syrup was great, but nothing out of the ordinary.Overall, SkinnyFATS is a great escape from the binge eating habits most tourists experience on the Strip. It doesn't aim to be more than it is -- the perfect place for lunch.PROTIP: They have on site wifi and USB charging!
5	I LOVE this place. Skinny Fats provides a pretty decent menu with foods I never thought would taste good together! I have ordered many items on their menu and I was never disappointed with any of them. My favorite is the tu-nuts dish. Another reason why I rate these guys 5-stars is because of the customer service. People on here complain about little things but in my eyes I feel customer service is a must. I ordered smoke in a bowl once and they ran out of rice, bummer. They told me I could order whatever I wanted in place of it. Not only did they give me the smoke in a bowl without the brown rice & the second dish I ordered, but they comped my whole meal! Love the respect. This place is a must try!
5	Great food and awesome staff. I highly recommend skinny fats if you are looking for a quick, healthy meal. I Love this place and would like to see more around town.
5	This place has meals that allow you to make the healthy or 'happy' choice. Both healthy and happy are amazingly delicious.
4	SkinnyFats focuses more on the experience of your meal than the actual meal itself. The arrangement of the place is small. So small, in fact, it seats only about 30 people at a time which gives limited personal space between you and other customers. Although the food is slightly overpriced, it is good quality.If you are looking for a unique and different place to dine with a couple of your friends (the biggest table only seats 6 people), then I recommend SkinnyFats. The overall appearance of the place is trendy from its vintage decor to its alternative music, giving it a fun vibe for you and your friends.
5	I loved this place. The vibe, the staff and the menu. Was definitely cool. My friend who lives in LV decided to take me here because it was relatively close to my hotel and I had gorged enough on the amazing food on the Strip. We went into Skinny Fat and one side of the menu is a little more health focused while the other side was pure artery clogging heaven. I was a little disappointed to find out that the fryer was down. Skinny Fat didn't want me to be great. But I instead ordered a salad that was pretty amazing and a grilled chicken sandwich that was equally fresh and tasty. Will definitely come back for some truffle fries and to try out more awesome stuff on the menu.
3	Everything we had was good! Happymess and slawchee was delish lost a star for rare meat. Buff chix and chuxon broadway were good as well. I love places like this just wish they had more seating.Since my first visit we have attempted to go back and try more items, since it was so delish the first time. Unfortunately... We could not find parking, line is usually out the door, packed with not enough seating. I hope you expand soon. I would love to try more of your menu items.
5	My favorite dish being chicken and waffles, of course I had to try skinny fats. I believe It was spelt chicka-waffa-doppolis? Let me start by saying the it was perfect! In most chicken and waffles the chickens are chicken tenders and you can just tell. However, I have no idea what skinny fats did to their chicken tenders but it just hits the spot you want it to hit.Their truffle fries we're okay. It was hard and crunchy so meh. It's still good. The other thing I got was the shake, I asked the cashier which one was his favorite and he said Nutella, banana and strawberry. I mean just those things together  is good but in a shake, can you say Mhmmm. After awhile the taste for me got old but my friend really liked it. Sooo all good
5	Just ordered my first delivery order!!!  This is the best.  I had the Slob Cobb, which was a great portion and very fresh.  I also had the meaty bun, snack size, wish this were a full size burger.  It was delicious.  They forgot an item on my delivery, but they came very quickly once I called to let them know.  Will certainly be back to try the other items on the menu.  Great customer service and friendly.
5	I got the fried ny steak, biscuits and gravy. damn that's on the happy side far away from healthy. We also ordered the veg-a-bowl (i think that's the order name), it was decent. good food, unique place, unique looking menu, i'll definitely come back.
3	The Good:Menu has many interesting and innovative items you wouldn't have at home.  Every time we go we don't know what to get until we get to the front of the line.  I change my mind about 5 times at least, but no matter what you get there is a good chance it will be amazing.  The food plating is nice.The Bad:The place is hard to get to and too small and crowded. The place is packed every day for lunch till 3pm.  You'll spend about $15 per person here, but you get what you pay for.  The wait in line to order is over 10 minutes but it does give you some time to think of what you want, but maybe too much time.The Bacon here is amazballs!Definitely give this place a try!
5	If I could eat here every day of my life I would. Chef Josh Green is an absolute genius. Every dish he creates is well thought out, perfectly arranged and down right delicious.  I can't wait till my next trip to Las Vegas to eat at SkinnyFats! Breakfast all day and the Eggs Benedict is always outrageously good.  I lust over all their menu items on instagram and love that they serve cold pressed juice.  Do yourself a favor and eat healthy and/or happy at Skinny Fats!!!
4	I have heard nothing but good things  about this place from friends so I had to check it out, the location is kinda hidden so make sure sure you keep a look out it. Pros , new menu, fresh feel, cool decor. I love roscoes so when I saw they had chicken and waffles I had to compare. While theirs is tasty it just doesn't compare to roscoes. But if your in the health craze you'll love it, staff is also really nice and pleasantCons- it's extremely small. Seating is first come first served. So it's a Little awkward trying to stake your claim to a table when the people are just getting up and leaving before it's been cleaned and reset. Little pricey. But hey it's vegas what u expect? Lol I will be back to try more menu items.
4	Great food and awesome atmosphere! It's a hippy joint that advocates living life happy and healthy. The staff there are super nice and accomidating. Almost everything is made in house and the free lemon/lime water is amazing. I ordered the Berry Strong Waffle, but I asked for two protein pancakes to sub the waffle. The pancakes could have been better, but man o man everything else I tried off of my brother's plate was great (The Steakation with a side order of sweet potatoe fries). The plates aren't huge in terms of portion size, but you leave full, I promise. The prices arent too bad, especially when you're paying for such high quality food. Definitely a new fav, and an awesome diamond in the rough!
5	Wow what a great idea healthy and happy food together. My family and I were from out of town and needed a place that offered healthy choices for my wife and I but our two teenage boys always want the yummy stuff that may not be as good for you. They had BOTH, and the flavor combinations were awesome. I had the protein waffle and my wife had the WTFrench toast. The boys had the chicken and waffles and the red velvet waffles everyone was happy. We also tried a Mr. Green juice, very good, if you know what green juice is suppose to taste like. Overall great experience we will be back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Food here is great, large menu to pick from (hard to decide), friendly staff, great atmosphere, the only thing bad I can say about this place is that it very small and crowded. There are about 30ish seats at this place, first come first serve, the people who work there says it's best to wait for someone to leave then hop on as soon as possible. I had the bomb diggity w/ truffle fries, the sandwich itself was delicious, the fries was whatever.
5	Soooooo good! Staff is friendly and welcoming, food is great! Aside from the limited seating (which even wasn't that big of a problem after asking a stranger to share a table ), absolutely no complaints!
5	The wait if you come here at the wrong time is unbearable! They have a very small space but the food is amazing!!
2	Place is tiny and there is always a wait. It's self seating so you have watch out for a table like a hawk. Ordered the burger which came with sweet bun not to my liking I don't like having a sweet hamburger! Also ordered one of their juice drinks tasted watered down. Would not go there again even if I'm in the areaHow can this place get 4.5 stars! Sometimes yelpers disappoint me!
5	This place feels like the first restaurant I've  be been to that was created to exist specifically in the post-yelp world.  We stopped here for breakfast while road tripping back to LA from boulder. We had our dog, so we had to take our food to go, but we ate at the little table under the tree right next to the restaurant. It was perfect because we didn't want to deal with going into a casino and didn't want some mediocre fast food. They had to put our food in to go containers because if health code, but who's going to fault them for following health code?We had the #merica which is chicken fried steak on biscuits with eggs. Also I checked out everybody else's food while we were ordering and it looked terrific.Also we had a choose your own juice, pricey  for sure but delicious, and it went with our meal perfectly. Also it was 100% juice as opposed to jamba juice where you get water and ice and whatever.We will definitely be back next time we're driving through or going to Vegas.
5	This place is a must! I was really excited to try as I've heard nothing but great things. We ordered from both menus and both were equally as delicious. The only bad thing I'd have to say is that it's an extremely small place. Beware that there may not be any seating available.
4	This place is great. My bf and I always seem to get stuck between healthy and well, not so healthy. SkinnyFATS will give you both. The menu offers a few styles of food which is great. The staff is always super friendly and can tell you about all the items on the menu. Price is pretty normal for the area. The food seems to come out in a reasonable time so that's another plus. Only downside is that it's a small place so seating can be a pain. Still worth stopping by if you ask me!
5	We went to a baby shower this t skinny fats catered a few months ago and loved the food so we have been dying to come eat at the actual restaurant,  we finally are it here today and my daughter and I just found one of our new favorite places!!!!  We ordered the Tu-nuts and it was delicious I loved everything on it we also ordered the Ahi taco-San and they were so filling and I loved every bite,  the place is up beat and cute and I can't wait to come back and try several other things on the menu!!  Well done skinny fats!!!!
5	I ate at this place while on vacation in Las Vegas. My date is a Vegas local and knew all the local amazing EATS of Vegas. THIS WAS MY FAVORITE restaurant there.. I had the truffle fries, it was packed with flavor and outright delicious, my friend kept digging in my plate. We also had the craburkey burger to share and salad. I love the flavored teas as well. I would definitely go back to this place the next time I'm in Vegas... small place, but over all I loved it
5	Best place for an amazing meal at any time of the day!!
5	This place is legit! There is something for everyone...half the menu is healthy and half is Happy.  Super fun vibe and super friendly  knowledgeable staff.  Dillon walked us through the process...order at counter, they bring you the food.  Hubby had the Classic Burger...delish! The sweet potato fries were like Wow!I had the Cranburkey. (Turkey burger with cranberries...just enough cranberry, not too much)  Great flavors and super juicy.  Lots of Turkey burgers are heavy and dry...not this one! Yum! The buns are very light too.This place is definitely a Do Again!
5	What a great place to go. The food is simply delicious, in the highest sense of the word.A few things to note:Current location is small, if you're coming with a group I recommend that someone in the party arrive early to steak out a table. Mobile App - They do have a mobile app that you can use to order ahead and miss the lines that can quickly grow.  However viewing the menu in person is a huge treat in of itself. Food - The food is very creative, and weekly they have new specials, they are usually posted in a glass holder on the edge of the counter.  Try these out as they may not return!The staff is so friendly and nice. The restaurant industry should pay the management here for some training.A must see, must eat place in Las Vegas.Located in an industrial office area you may drive right past it, just passed the railroad tracks. Great for dinner.
5	This place is awesome. I ended coming here with two friends and it was our first time.  This place was great! Had the Turkey Bacon Lettuce Tomato sandwich and I licked my plate clean.  So good! I highly recommend visiting this place whenever someone is going to Vegas. You won't be disappointed. They have something for everyone...a healthy side and a happy (aka fattening side for those that are not watching their weight) side.   Just keep your eye open when driving there.  Their front entrance is small and non-descriptive and it's easy to pass by when driving.  Also, not a lot of seating available and it's first come first serve regarding seating so it might be best to take your order to go but other than that it's a great place to eat at.  I'm  just bummed that they don't have one in NY or NJ
5	One of my favorite spots to take friends to. I've been here a few times and it's delicious every time. I would look old pictures I took of my meal and think "oh my... me wants now." haha. For first timers you may pass it when you're getting there but it's just a simple U-turn and you're there. So overall, the drive there is easy and it's not on a busy street. I like going before 11am or after 1:30pm. around 11:30am-1:30pm parking is eh but finding a table inside is no bueno. Service is always great and although some would feel the price is on the higher side, I think it's worth it. I'm always pleased with my meal and leave with a smile on my face.
5	Love the food here...got the sweet cheese us with portabello mushrooms.  Definitely a winner.  My girl got the ahi srirachi which I had a bite of...also good but mine was better ;-)  The real star of the show is the sweet potato truffle fries...yes you can ask for them that way and they are bomb.  Will be back for sure
5	Delicious.  Hip.  Variety.  Nutrition.  Great service.  Minus one star because it's SLOW getting one's food....ah, but then the food's better too.More packed than I would like, but then that's because they're popular.  Problems of abundance.
5	By far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and it's just a little hole in the wall in the industrial part of town.  If you haven't tried it, you really should!  They have a healthy side of the menu and a happy side (not healthy, lol)... so there is something for everyone.  Every time I go I try something new and I haven't been disappointed once!  Today I got the Tu-nuts and it's my favorite so far..  cucumber boat filled with spicy raw ahi tuna, asian slaw and shaved almonds. Topped with avocado, teriyaki sauce and spicy aioli. Yum!
4	Atmosphere is FUN!Greeted once you walk to the register.I went there on a Friday and i heard it usually gets packed Warning:-not many seating placements   (so get there as early as you can on weekends)DRINKS WITH FREE REFILLS YAY!I ordered:Ahi tuna with the puffed shellChicken and WafflesTruffle FriesService is great.Healthy food or Unhealthy food choicesbut my ITS SO YUMMY.no regrets :)
4	This place is great! Love the menu and the food quality was amazing. Small place with lots of people but I'm heading there again for lunch!
5	This place is awesome! Came here on a recommendation... And was thoroughly happy about it! The lady and I shared the chicken and waffles, the NY strip with tomato goat cheese and balsamic glaze and some sweet tatter fries. Waffle cooked perfect, steak was THIN cut and the goat cheese and balsamic was tasty! Can't wait to eat more off this menu...
4	Really good food! I love that I can choose between healthy or fattening!! I've actually only ordered from the healthy side so far (Because everything looks so good regardless!)And the few times I've been here I really liked the food. Ahi fish tacos are superb and the Acai bowl is BANGIN!Looking forward to coming back in the future.
5	Love the food here, great service and ambiance as well. Love the option to have healthier options. Small location w/ nice decor. Service staff has always been friendly every time I have visited.
5	Holy Sh#t!!! I am blown away by this place. I have a feeling that it's gonna be added to one of my go to spots in Vegas as well as a place to bring out of town visitors. anyway, the place is not big and a bit hidden but it's well worth the wait and search. food is freakin delicious. had the cherry popper. one of the best burgers I've had in my life. yes,  it's like that. I can't wait to try other stuff on the menu.
4	I usually like to try places off the Strip and this place caused me to make at least three U-turns during my drive to get here.  When I finally found this place nestled in the middle of a non-descript business center located down the street from the Hustler strip club, I happily jumped out of my rental car and headed inside.I found the uniqueness of this place appealing.  You can either order unhealthy food or healthy food.  The healthy side also had juice blends to choose from so I was very excited to get a juice with a meal of boneless wings and fries.  Now that's a win win!The place is quite small inside with barely any seating during a packed lunch hour.  From the looks of it, there were no men working the front counter which as a guy, I'm not complaining...I wish that happened way more often!  Most of them were friendly and working hard pumping out orders to hungry seated diners.My meal was decent and I enjoyed my juice blend of ginger, orange, lemon, and some other stuff I don't remember.  It's really not that hard to be healthy in Vegas on vacation as long as you know where to go.  If this place sticks around long enough, then I'll make sure to come back here for another healthy/unhealthy combo meal.
5	Went yesterday for the first time and OMG, it was awesome!!! I had chicken and waffles. My sister had a fabulous Greek flat bread. The cookies are served warm and they are HUGE! A must try!
5	Skinny Fats owns all 5 of their positive stars that they've earned with an innovative, savory menu, friendly, enthusiastic staff, and forethought to serve locals while appealing to our healthy (though occasionally indulgent) lifestyles!
5	The food the vibe the service are all amazing.It is a small space so either expect to sit at a small table, the counter or get your food to go...but everything is really good.
5	This place has amazing ahi tuna tacos (actually called the ahi tuna siracha). I've never eaten anything else here cause I can't get enough of the tacos. The only annoying thing about this place is that the location is small so it gets super crowded during the lunch rush. There is a skinny side of the menu with healthy options and a happy side with not so healthy options. This place is super trendy and really really good!
5	SkinnyFats gets 5 stars from Me! They have great food! Prices are very reasonable. Ask about their secret menu and Sundae Special! All the employees are super nice!
5	This place is amazing ! It's a little off the grid as far as location but totally worth it ! I've had their Greek flatbread and the steak & berry flatbread. Both were delicious ! It is a little small and gets pretty busy around lunch time - just get there a little early.
5	Holy delicious food and service. What a great business. Had the steak flatbread that was to die for, I love the to go cups and the decorations- would recommend this place to anyone. My friend got chx and waffles and another got a delicious flatbread. A++
5	For my goodbye to Vegas meal with my cousin, we settled on SkinnyFATS. Settling isn't the right word though. More like, I've heard so many great things about this place and really wanted to check it out before I left. This night was one of the best decisions I made that day. Located in a pretty weird strip mall on dean Martin, next to Wendoh Media and Vegas Seven. The surrounding businesses are a bunch of auto shops and stuff. Very odd, however, it wasn't sketchy. I overheard their staff say there's another location opening up north. Sounds like they've hit some success and needed to expand! Speaking of their staff. The staff was super nice and personable. They recommended things to me, made sure to mention the specials and super accommodating . There were two tall guys and next to them, what seemed like a very short girl. Great team, nonetheless.Overall, the place is a bit small. Grab a table for window seating fast! In this joint, there were decorated wooden paneling, tin roof panels, an electronic menu, a butcher block type counter, and dark wood floors. My impression was a very modern look with a backyard flair.  Here's what I had for dinner:On special, the Parmesan Crusted Halibut for $10. A nice cut of halibut, pan fried with Parmesan, panko and coconut. It sat on a bed of pico infused brown rice and served with grilled yellow squash. Holy macro, this was AH-MAZE-ING! The fish was moist and flaky, The crust brought a crunchy element but wasn't heavy at all. The rice with pico brought a super clean taste and the soft squash brought the dish full circleTu-Nuts for $9.50.Spicy ahi & sriracha slaw in a cucumber boat w/almonds, teriyaki, avocado & sriracha aioli. We asked for the teriyaki on the side (it still tasted great without it). I LOVED THIS DISH!! Highly recommended :) The concept of using the cucumber as a boat was genius, but them you add in the spicy tuna, the crunchy and flavorful slaw and avocado, you've got a perfect start to your meal. The sriracha aioli, was definitely a great enhancement of the dish. SOOOO GOOD!What I really loved about this place was the menu offered very healthy conscious food, the food comes with a lot of cultural diversity and the portions are huge! It's kind of located in an odd area of town, but trust me, soooo worth it! After a nice hike or dinner after the gym, SkinnyFATS will not disappoint. Check them out!
5	Great food and atmosphere. Sweet cheese us and ahi tacos were favorites for us but everything was good.
5	This is a great local neighborhood restaurant. Something me and the family have been looking for. Off the strip, great food, and with an assortment of menu to choose from without paying tourist price$. The breakfast menu which is served all day is something I would go back for over and over again. Don't let the fosade fool you. It's hidden and surrounded by industrial building. It's totally a hidden gem!
3	Everyone I know talks so much about this place.....I went for the first time and I don't know why it's so good to people. The place is hard to find, parking is difficult and it's just overcrowded with no where to walk inside. This place has a unique setting and their menu is different from most burger places, but the food, it isn't special to me. I tried so many dishes and I was they weren't bad but nothing stood out to me. I don't think I will be coming back. The burgers, no matter how many different combinations they have, they all seem to taste the same to me. The Kalefornia salad was supposed to have dressing in it but the kale wasn't moist with any dressing at all. The Orange You Happy Float was not delicious either. My experience here just was not satisfying my taste buds and I don't know why people like it.
5	Delicious food! So excited about the new locations opening up! I would urge you to bring back the caprazy salad... Pleeeeeeaaasee! It was the most magical salad I've ever put in my mouth. Just do it, bring it back. Right now. Thank you!
4	I give this place a solid 3.5 rounded to a 4 for being such a hip and cool place to eat. It is so hip and cool, it should really be down at the Container Park or near Zappos.People - The people working here are so cool.Music - The music is awesome.Menu - Very expansive and requires some studying and many items on the menu are unique and quite creative.Location - Odd at at best. Prices - Fantastic prices.Quality of Food - Darn good and very different!Quantity of Food - Just about right. Some humongous burgers.Nutritional Value - This is why they get a minus 1.5 star.  No nutritional information on their food. No known idea on grams of sugar in their foods, or even the carbs, or the cholesterol.  They talk and create a menu that has many buzz words that sound health like add protein, cauliflower, broccoli, kale, yogurt and all.  Again, all great stuff, howver, we all know that the amount of sugars in any of the sauces can be absolutely off the charts.  I did ask the staff about nutritional information and their answer was a bit odd.  "We serve healthy food and happy food. It is all on the menu." I will be coming back for sure, and at the same time, I would urge everyone to be very careful as you need to be careful about the fact that there are a lot of healthy items on here and at this time, just not sure if it leads to a healthy recipe.NO matter what, great tasting stuff for sure.Check it out.
5	GO HERE!!First the location is a bit...out of the way. They mentioned a 2nd location opening soon at Decatur & Warm Springs. Parking was OK. We went around 1230pm on a Sunday and it was jam packed. Seating is super limited...people will hover to get your table when your are nearing completion of your meal.It was very clean. Even though the tables turn over at lightning speed, the staff was on top of wiping them down. I, also, noticed things like a customer a few tables over dropped his silverware & without skipping a beat, a staff member brought a replacement. Also, a different staff member saw a straw wrapper on the floor and picked it up on her way to do something else. My husband works in the restaurant industry, so I've been trained to notice these things.Service was super friendly and helpful.  You order at the counter, TRY to find a seat, and they give you a number to put on your table for someone to deliver to you. They know they menu really well so they can answer questions, offer suggestions, or make substitutions.  Also, even though we didn't notice our food took a while...the guy who brought the food or to us, apologized & gave up a free cookie!!I had the Bleu Balsamic which for some reason I thought was a sandwich, but s actually a salad. It was AMAZING. It includes shaved beef, which many places fail at and it can be tough and rubbery. Not here!! It literally melts in your mouth!! My husband had a Sweet Cheese Us without the portobello & truffle oil. With 2 drinks, it came to about $20. The cookies are big and baked to perfection. The chocolate was high quality too...the chocolate chips just tasted chocolate-ier than what you expect. In fact, everything we had was really fresh & you could tell.I would absolutely go back here, there are so many menu items I want to try, especially the Sunday Sundae. I cannot wait for the next location to open!!
4	Great food and reasonably priced.  I don't know what they do, but the bread on their burgers and sandwiches are the best....It's kind of in a weird location, business area close to the airport.  If you eat outside the aircraft landing overhead is pretty loud.I would definitely eat there again.  The only CON is the dinning area is pretty small, but the place is very clean and the staff was very personable......
4	Awkward flavor combinations but oh so fresh and lots of healthy selection, if they had more tables I'd eat here everyday.
3	It's kinda out of the way, but a great find.  Do bother!Monkey love a menu with lots of veggie options.  Cold pressed juices and meats here, too.  Window barstool seating has outlets w/USB plugs above and hooks below. Table seating for fours and twos, very clean, happy music and very healthy, helpful staff.  This is a good place to go with vegetarians and carnivores.  Got choices.  Great post-workout grub.  Had to take out this time, so Monkey picked stuff that might travel better than others:VEG-WICH(Portobello, avocado, cherry/banana peppers, spinach, tomato & horseradish yogurt on 9 grain toast) - great sandwich, although it is a bit soggy.  VEG-TO-BOWL(Tofu, peppers, onions, pineapple, spinach, teriyaki & spicy aioli w/sweet chili over portobello fried rice) - good but again, soggyAHI TACO-SAN(Tempura ahi, sriracha slaw, mango pico, teriyaki, spicy aioli in a puffed shell) - um, nah...  great slaw, but to batter and deep-fry Ahi tuna is weird to me.Great menu ideas, had high hopes... Loved the flavors of everything, but could do without all that oil.  Monkey willing to return to try TU-NUTS(spicy ahi & sriracha slaw in a cucumber boat w/almonds, teriyaki, avocado & sriracha aioli),  UnBRIElievable(Brioche french toast, brie, basil & strawberries w/balsamic glaze) and hopefully bump 'em up a star or two...  Again, great service, good atmosphere... 3.5 for now.FYI:  Breakfast is served all day.  Yess!!!
3	When you walk in, you think its an Abercrombie & Fitch store. Music is so loud, you cannot have a normal conversation. Very small space, only enough seating 20-25 people max.I give the food presentation and flavor 4 1/2 stars but the price for the portion size is like those of venues located on The Strip. Way too over-priced. $2.50 for a side salad that consists of maybe a cup of chopped lettuce, some diced onions and a thimble full of dressing. Those prices work in the Tourist Corridor but not as an Industrial Area Lunch Spot.If the prices dont come down, once the newness wears off, revenue will drop immensely.
5	Three days later, Monkey return after work and with wife to dine in and give 'em a fair shot. Even after being here, it still took forever to decide. Everything just sounds so good and after deciding, we'd ask people around us, "hey what'd you get?"MRS GREEN SHAKE w/frozen yogurtBERRY THE STEAK(shaved NY Strip, feta, goat cheese on flatbread covered with arugula and topped with blackberries)- Wow! Perfect portion of deliciousness...TU-NUTS(spicy ahi tuna, sriracha slaw on cucumber boat, avocado, teriyaki & spicy aioli) - awesome flavors and light!  UnBRIElievable(brioche French toast, Brie, strawberries, basil, balsamic) - just get it. Best French toast Monkey ever had!
5	Absolutely in love with this place. I going to go even as far as saying that it's my favorite place in Vegas so far. I've had their gluten free flat bread "Berries the Steak" ($9). It was absolutely delicious. Just the right about of sweet and tangy. I loved it so much, I ordered it every time.My bf has tried the "Nice to Greek You" ($7) flatbread and liked it, but if you don't like olives, there's olives in there. He also has tried the "Cherry Popper" ($12) burger with the hawaiian roll and egg in it and he claims it to be one of the best burgers he's had in Vegas so far (We've tried Bachi already).My friend had the infamous "Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis" ($12) aka chicken and waffles and it was extremely delicious. Super tender chicken and flaky crusting.I've also tried their fresh juices and they were pretty kick-ass. I just thought they were slightly overpriced (ranges $8-9.50) which is pretty much the price of my meal. SkinnyFats has not disappointed and they have very friendly and attentive staff. Food is very well priced. I'm super excited they are going to open a new location in SW soon! They really needed that because seating is limited at their main location. When you get there, find your seat and you order at the register. Plenty of parking and located in a commercial building area. Another advice for SkinnyFats: would love to see more gluten free items on the menu because I want to try more than just the gluten free flatbreads you guys have! You guys are awesome!
4	The food is tasty and each dish seems to have a nice twist to the common flavors. Their menu seems to be in constant rotation so it's difficult to pin down a favorite menu item when the menu constantly changes. The only negatives are that the dining area is incredibly small, and the price is on the high side. It's enjoyable to have every once in a while, but it is cost prohibitive for most to have as a usual spot.
4	Great place to eat. The staff is very friendly and helpful. It was my first time here and I was very pleased with my experience. The food was satisfying for my friends and I and exceeded our expectations. The only bad thing about this place is it is small and seating is first come first serve. Thankfully we did not have to wait very long for a table. This will be a restaurant I will come back to when I am back in Vegas.
3	Absolute love the concept here.  Be an indulger or keep it light with this yummy Menu that has everything from ahi cucumber boats to patty melts, and evvvverything in between. The juices are yummy too. The only bad thing is the seating!!!!!!! It's so small in here. There are 5 tables in here that you can make singles or duces, Or maybe one 6 top.  Everyone is so crammed. There are maybe 10 or so bar tops along side of the front door. The same pathway that runs along the line of people trying to get in. Its uncomfortable. We don't come here often due to the seating arrangement.
5	Needed an afternoon snack so we went to Skinny Fats for a milkshake. All I can say is that it was fantastic and I will be coming back.
5	I am in LOVE with this place! Can we say Love At First Taste??! A friend of mine talks about this place all the time and today I was down to try a new place! Sure glad she introduced me to this exclusive cute little spot! Prior to arriving I was already doing my research on yelp looking at past reviews and pictures of my fellow yelpers! I could tell there were PLENTY of food choices and the menu was pretty extensive! Upon arriving when we walked inside the venue was a bit packed and kind of tight. Plenty of people working and taking orders. I wanted a burger and was suggested to try out the cherry popper ($12)  and also got one of the Ahi Tacos ($4) friend got " A Boat To China" everything came out fantastic and in a very good turn around time! I will be sure to return as there are so many more items on the menu that caught my eye! The pictures posted don't do justice for how good this place truly is!
5	Located in a random place and a very small tight space. SkinnyFats has some of the best food I have ever had here in Las Vegas. I could say that this eatery is on my top list at number one. A choice of eating healthy or happy is a cool concept. A great marketing strategy to attract people who sometimes workout and people who pig out. Guilty pleasure. I loved the turkey burger on the health side which was served with a special yogurt sauce. Nom nation. The truffle fries here are amazing too. Until next review. I need to try more of their dishes on both sides of the menu.
5	This place is awesome. I wish I had known about this place when I got to Vegas. I plan to eat breakfast here and take a few other meals back to my hotel room so I don't have to worry about my food. I recommend this place to all foodies. It's not too pricey and everything looks very good.The staff is also very  friendly.
5	SkinnyFATS is the place to eat!  Whoever you are, and whatever food requirements they can accomodate. Such a chill environment, and tasty plus healthy food. My boyfriend had the Portobello sandwich. The owner came out and told my boyfriend to put hummus on it. Interesting combo. I think mine was called ahi nuts. It was a cucumber boat filled with ahi and had a combo of yum yum sauce and maybe teriyaki sauce. Super tasty! Definitely will be back! Such a positive vibe and super friendly staff. Did I mention this place is awesome?
5	This place is amazing! I've been there twice and I can't believe how great the food is here. The atmosphere is amazing and the people are very friendly. Their food is always delicious and even though this place gets really fun, they do their best to make sure everyone gets their food in a timely fashion. Is you visit Vegas, this is a gem you must visit!
3	This is a good place to get something different . The food quality is always good and their fat/happy items are all amazing . I was recently disappointed to find most of my favorite skinny/ healthy items are no longer on their menu . I loved the idea of treating myself to some healthier options after losing a few lbs and ended up going to another restaurant because there just wasn't anything left that I was looking forward to eating . If your looking for good food they still have plenty of options. I just hope they add back some of there salads and healthier breakfast options that are more vegetarian friendly and I might be back.
4	I am a big fan of skinnyfats and I come here once a week. Today I was disappointed about the level of customer service that the waitress had. We are a group of 4 and all the food came out except mine. My partner asked the server of the status of the food. The waitress gave attitude and did not express empathy for the salad not being ready with the rest of the meals. She came back and slammed a house salad in front of me and told her that I ordered a quinoa salad with chicken then she just took the plate back. She finally came back with the correct plate and walked away. As a customer service manager for a financial institution, I have high expectations of the service here. The other employees were nice and engaging with the guests. This employee needs coaching and feedback. The food was amazing.
5	Skinnyfats is one of the BEST places I've eaten at since moving to Las Vegas. They have a little bit if everything and it's all good! Last time I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was NOT in any way disappointed. It was so good I didn't want it to end. My husband loves the chicks on Broadway. Next on my list of things to try here are their smoothies. They look so good. I definitely recommend this place to all my friends and bring new ones each time I visit.
3	The Tru Bleu was delish.  But i sent my order in online knowing that they were probably busy but it took them about 20 minutes after i got there to get my order ready.  Highly disappointed in the service.
5	Amazing spot. The chef here is the best. Definitely worth a trip there anytime you are in Vegas.
5	Wow...I don't normally post and only do it when a place is worthy...this place is awesome.  Food is off the hook and service was great.  If your a foodie and your looking for something different...look no further.
5	I really enjoyed the food here. I like to eat out so when I do so, I love the option of a healthy and flavorful option. That is exactly what Skinnyfats offers. I had the Smoke in a Bowl and my cousin had the WTFrench Toast and we had an order of Brussel Crowe. My meal was very good. It consisted of items like chicken, rice, pineapple, black beans and bell peppers. The dish is full of flavor and the yogurt sauce (I think it was yogurt at least) was soooo good on top of the dish. The WTFrench Toast was deliciously different. So many flavors in one. The Cranburkey was definitely different but good. The Brussel Crowe was good as well. I would have to say it was like nothing I've had before in the flavor department. The sprouts were cooked just right. The best part is it's not on the strip but it is in an industrial location which can be confusing when you're looking for the restaurant. Overall the food is good and people should check this place out.
5	I ordered lunch for a customer.  This customer had never heard of or eaten at skinny fat. I traveled from out-of-town and brought a local establishment to a current residents. Everyone loved their food. The quality was great the food was fresh and everything was very unique.   I had food delivered for five people and everyone loved their meal. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone in Las Vegas.
3	Burger was good. Sweet potatoes fries were burned and cold. Cookies were also cold despite website saying they would be warm. Service was courteous and okay for the most part. Food could be improved.
5	Food was simply amazing.  I was in Vegas for 2 days and went twice. I went to Vegas for a friends wedding and happen to see the place on yelp and decided to go for dinner first night we were there. We learned why places called skinnyfats..they have one menu with healthy items and another not so healthy. Genius idea!!! We ordered tacos and pork sandwich that were unbelievable.  It was so good we had to go again next day.  We went for breakfast and had egg white and chicken wrap and wheat waffles. Again beyond delicious.  I only wish they would open another location in Long Beach, Ca because it is something much needed in this area.
5	I am OBSESSED with this place. It is so amazing. I recently changed the way I've been eating and this place has been fantastic for my healthier eating habits. The menu is amazing with the healthy/happy sides. I always pick the healthy side. The service is almost always fantastic. I've been coming here twice a week for the past month and the food is phenomenal. I haven't had anything I didn't like. The portobello mushrooms are a MUST. So is the Vegwich. It's amazing with the yogurt horseradish. I always try to get the specials. They're always coming up with something amazing every week. Below are photos of a few things I've gotten. I always post about them on Instagram and give them shoutouts. I love bringing people here for the first time. My friends and I have our weekly hangouts here now because it's so good and the service is fantastic as well as the prices.
4	SkinnyFATS is mmm mm good! I came a little after the lunch rush. There was a line, but it sped by quick. I ordered one of their daily specials: a delicious creamy pasta with shrimp and scallops. Didn't expect the pasta to turn out so good! But it was cooked to perfection. The server even let me add garlic toast on the side to compliment my dish.I love how they have both #livehealthy and #livehappy options on the menu. Definitely went for the happy side, but I'd love to try something healthier next time. My brother ordered a breakfast dish with chicken fried steak and eggs - it was scrumptious as well!I'm only visiting Vegas, but everything on the menu sounded great so I'll have to come back to try more. A great spot for lunch. The location is pretty random at the side of the highway, but I suppose that gives it more character in itself. Loved the atmosphere and the wall art. I wish Houston had a food spot like this. Easily one of my favorite places!
5	Interesting food Best tasting shake thar Ive had in a long time. Always seems to be busy. Nice change
5	Had the Brussel crowe salad and it was the "gladiator" of salads. I'm so glad I was able to find this place. And even my husband liked it. It's healthy meets happy! Definitely making this one of our regular places.
5	Despite the odd location (which is worth every moment of "Google Mapping" to find)...Skinny Fats is Casual Culinary Perfection!!  ...and once you do locate the restaurant, you do grow fond of it's unique location.  The menu is adorable!  I order the Chickity China (a yum take on Chinese Chix Salad)...the truffle fries (with lovely Jalapeno ketchup, provided at the table) and a cookie -- always fresh and consistently yummy (ask for the cookie to be warmed in the oven...Heaven!).  It is always buzzing with eager and happy patrons and each dish that passes by looks more amazing than the last...next time I'll be sure to finally order those pretty waffles!!
4	So after my colleagues have been raving about this place for the past few weeks me and the hubs decided to check it out.  He got Buff Chix and Chix on Broadway.  Both were pretty good.. I got the Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis.. It was pretty good.. I would however not say it's def some place you should go out of your way for.  But it was decent.  The staff there was super nice and helpful.  The place is super small and its first come first serve seating.  So if you're coming with a big party or trying to bring your whole family 4 or 5+ you might have to wait awhile unless you get lucky and find seats available right away.  Overall the food was decent.
5	That is a solid menu and a great local spot...
5	I've been to SkinnyFats a few times and everything is always so amazing! I've had the following and hopefully I can post picks of it all:Drunken monkey pancakes (these are a MUST HAVE);Smoke in a bowl (this one okay just very bland);Chix on Broadway sandwich (was really good);Sweet Cheese Us' (Amazing!!!) andBleu Balsalmic (I'm not a tomato fan whatsoever but this was beyond delicious).
4	You have two sides of the menu here, the happy side, and the healthy side.  Very unique combinations of ingredients with great flavor.  The atmosphere is nice and the staff is very friendly and checks often to see if you need anything.  I thought the food was good but the milkshakes (I went to happy side) were amazing!
5	Love this place. Have heard from friends about it but I'm not into cool and trendy places typically but this place does great! Great atmosphere and enjoyable decor! Food was awesome and would totally go back! I have been craving the ahi healthy side taco!!! I wish they could mail them to me as I live out of state.
4	An interesting selection between healthy and hearty xD. The vibe and service is great and friendly.  The menu overall is unique and with some witty, funny names xD. Great place for some free delicious, fruit water.  The dishes are done very well with a nice presentable, arty feel to them. Try it out because there's something for everybody for a decent price!
4	If you like trendy joints check it out. The one guy had good customer service since he switched an order to something else nicely. The breakfast not that good. Their specialty are the burgers!! You cant go wrong. The truffle fries are freakin amazing! I requested for sweet truffle fries (sweet potato fries). The rosemary pancake with 3 strips of bacon was def not worth the money. Coulda made that myself.
5	Awesome! Can't wait to go again! Great service food and atmosphere! Healthy side of menu is well thought out, they mix meats & fruits and have great sauces, very clever actually. Happy side of the menu is all the wacky things you thought of when you were drunk but never got to make because you passed out.
3	Great concept, solid food, & cute indoor decor....I love the concept of splitting the menu into basically a skinny/healthy side and a FATTY side. Of course, we all know which side I would go with....haha. The food was decent, but not anything to write home about. I ordered the BLT with truffle fries, and the fries were super yums, but I've had better sandwiches in my time. However, the options for people with different diet restrictions is quite impressive. There are great GF and Veggie-friendly options, which makes group gatherings easy :)It is oddly located in some weird industrial complex facing the freeway, so ambiance is definitely missing. But the decor inside is hip and comfy. It's kinda small and can get kinda crowded. Overall, I'd definitely come back, esp with a group of picky eaters :P
2	Meh. Overrated. Overthought recipes with odd recipe combinations. Overpriced. Good smoothies, liked the waffle. The food is either bland or way overthought.
3	Tried this little spot.  A little crowded.  Thumbs up for chicken and waffles.  Thumbs down for the WTFrench Toast (soggy everything).
4	So I'm torn between three and four stars because while the healthy stuff is well, healthy, it's just not as good as the happy side of the menu. I ended up getting a garden shake and while I have no problem with a grassy taste taking a front seat in my smoothies and juices, others might find it a bit too "herbaceous." I also got the TBLT which was good, but again, it's turkey bacon and will never rise up to its porcine competition (if you can call that competition...).Anyway, in summary, while I'm definitely a fan, I'm a fan of happy and healthy can just take a backseat.
5	Fish tacos or wrap is best I have had since mexico !   This place is always hoppin and the staff is on it! Try anything here it won't disappoint.
5	The staff is extremely friendly & always smiling. I love the food here, it's definitely worth the cost. Everything is organic & delicious. I'm very satisfied with the service I was given, I will return for more! Highly recommend.
2	Not sure what the big deal is about this place.  Yea, their ads on facebook look good but it's too bad the food taste doesn't match.  I got the meltdown and it was just okay.  Not very flavorful and I've had better burgers similar at bars.  Maybe I'd try it again for the breakfast but nobody in my group of 6 was very impressed.
4	Pretty good food overallLoved the tacos!
3	Nothing to write home about...ok food, good atmosphere, good service. A tad bit small, not a great location as it is an adventure to find it (especially with the construction going on).Worth a shot if you have not tried their food.Good sugar cookie!
5	Love love love love this place! I have to come here for work and eat here almost every day if I can sneak away. Pleeeeeeease open a skinnyfats in Santa Monica or Venice!!!
5	Just had an epic meal at skinnyfats!! The place is super chill and the staff is helpful and friendly. I had a great Benedict burger The only reason I was able to eat the whole thing was because it was so damn delicious.  My mom got the smoke 'n a bowl which is indescribably delicious. My pops got the "Dang Quesadilla" which was so good that my mom claimed ownership of it halfway through our meal. Oh and speaking of moms, no meal would be complete with out a hot mame (edemame is sweet chilli sauce) Thanks guys!!
5	Try the Merica and truffle fries!This is a great little place serving fresh, inventive food at reasonable prices.  Bit tucked away, (I drove past it twice!) but well worth the effort!  Mandy was great!  The whole staff was friendly and helpful.
5	Being the wannabe health nut that I am, I absolutely love the concept of this place. First of all, the name SkinnyFATS is adorable and really represents what this restaurant is all about. This restaurant is perfect for those with conflicting friends that 1. want to eat healthy 2. want to pig out. It caters to both which is awesome!Located at a really random and isolated area but it was easy to find. From the outside it may look like a huge place but inside is quite tiny and has limited seating. They have some tables and a bar like area by the window. It's first come first serve seating so you might want to have a friend grab a table while you order. The atmosphere and decor of this place is so chill and cute! Very woodsy but also artsy as well. The service here is amazing! The workers are friendly and they give great recommendations. They offer what they consider 'happy' and 'healthy' food on their menu so you have the option of going for either. They have an extensive menu with lots of options to choose from. I wanted something light for dinner so I ordered:--Ahi Srirachi: It's seared ahi in a whole wheat soft taco with some slaw, mango, pico, and spicy yogurt aioli. The price is per taco and I ordered two tacos. I was going to order three but the girl advised that it may be too much so I listened to her. Two tacos was the perfect amount for me. This was so delicious it made my mouth water after the first bite. The ahi was fresh and the sauces and garnishes for the tacos made them the best ahi tacos I've ever tried. The mangoes were a nice touch as well.I'm actually returning to Vegas this week, so I'll be making another stop to SkinnyFATS soon!
4	The name of this establishment is an oxymoron like Jumbo Shrimp, and Anaheim Ducks Hockey.  You can't be Skinny and Fat at the same time right?  Some guys are coming close!  The concept of this restaurant is very original.  Create two distinct menus that appeals to foodies of all types.  The health conscious and the zero f***ks given camp.  Guess what I am!? Exactly, my time at SkinnyFATS was spent browsing the fat portion of the menu.  I did do a quick browse of the healthy side and to be honest there was some items that I would order like the TBLT.  For the gordo's the choices are plentiful.  I ended up splitting 2 dishes  The CHIX on Broadway and the Sweet Cheese Us.  The CHIX on Broadway had to be the best chicken sandwich I ever had.  The fried breast was enormous and spilled over the sides of the bun.  It was crunchy, tasty, crispy.  It was a sensory overload for my taste buds.  The Sweet Cheese Us was very good as well, but the CHIX was the star of my meal that day.  The location is off strip and in an industrial part of town.  It is very accessible for those that are leaving Vegas and headed back towards LA since it runs parallel to the 15 freeway.  Seating can be a problem, its very small and is first come first serve.  Not a place for a huge gathering.  If you have time while in the Las Vegas area definitely check this place out.  For the type of food you are getting this place is an exceptional value.     Pros: - ParkingCons- Can be hard to find. - Small seating area- Can get crowded and can cause long wait times
5	Okay I am SkinnyFats newest fan!! Officially obsessed. Such a unique concept - healthy side & happy (unhealthy) side and such a diverse menu. Everyone can be happy! Employees were so friendly. Decor is awesome - industrial and funky, totally fun. Easy to drive past at night, not a lot of lights or signage in the industrial park, but somehow makes it feel a little more low key and cool. I had the flat chicken & greens, plus avocado, per the employees suggestion and it was amazing! My husband had the fried chicken & waffle and really enjoyed it. Price point is spot on. Food is quality for a great price, portions are perfect. Hope to make it back this trip, and will definitely come next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Amazingly fresh, tasty and good for you. The menu goes on forever that I will need to come back a few times to try more!
5	I tend to visit Las Vegas occasionally and I have learned the best places are away from the strip and Skinny Fats is no exception.  The Chicken and Waffles are awesome, but if you want something healthy they have plenty of good smoothies, and plenty of other options for your palate.  It is a bit of a ways from the airport but worth the trip.
4	This place is delicious! I was here for lunch on Monday and the only problem I encountered was the menu was too big. There are-in my opinion-too many options. The people in front of me ended up taking about 10 minutes to order because the menu was so big. Little tip: read the menu before going so that you have a small idea of what you will be interested in when you arrive. I looked the menu up before my lunch and it helped a lot. I ordered the 'Happymess' which was amazing. My kids shared the 'naked chix'  and my husband got the 'buff chix'. All was good but mine was the best by far. Highly recommend. I will be back
4	A great little spot off of the main strip - they have such a unique menu.  Half of it is "skinny" a.k.a. healthy food at the other part is "fats" which they call their happy menu.  We got one healthy item and one happy item.  I ate most of the happy item (obviously) and it was their brie french toast.  It was very good (if you like brie which I certainly do!). Overall, I recommend coming here!  It's out of the way but they over a very good and unique menu.
4	A friend suggested SkinnyFats for lunch.  It was my first time here and it won't be my last!There are two doors by the entrance.  One is glass and the other has their logo on it.  Go through the glass doors.  The other one leads you into their kitchen area.  Im guessing they probably don't want me back there.  Once you've chosen the correct door, it takes you into their dining area.  It is quite small.  Smaller than many places for dining in.  The employees are very good at cleaning the table off right away as soon as someone leaves.  Service here was great.  The two girls taking orders were very polite and friendly.  The others who were brining out the meals were also very kind in making sure you had everything you needed.  Gold stars for the employees here!They have a great variety of options on their menu.  Breakfast, healthy menu and happy menu.  There are also many kinds of healthy juices to try.  So I went with the TBLT off of the healthy menu.  Just like a regular BLT but with turkey bacon and whole grain bread.  Of course I had to try their sweet potato fries on the side.  I was completely happy with the healthy sandwich!  They certainly did not skimp on the turkey bacon.  It was so delicious especially with their awesome fries.  The fries were brought out in a bowl.  I had enough to share with my friend!  This is one of the healthy places I wouldn't mind bringing my husband.  With the wide variety of choices, everyone should be happy!
5	Skinny Fats is located in a industrial building so you may drive right past it if you go too fast! ! It was busy when we went so it goes to show if there is good food somewhere it doesn't  matter where you are located people will find you. The dining area is a bit tight so I'm glad we found a seat. I suggested  this place to my husband  because  he is constantly blaming me that him putting on the pounds is all my fault because  we eat out too much! lol The beauty of this place is there is a healthy side of the menu and there is a fatty side. He can eat a salad while I eat hungry man style!! I ordered  the The Classic Burger which is a 1/2 beef patty, cheddar cheese, tomato,  onion, pickle and lettuce with fries. I had it medium well and it was cooked perfectly!  My husband still had a bite of mine though! We also shared a strawberry shake. You also get to take the recyclable cups with you . Since they are plastic  you can get more than one use out of them. The food is wonderful  no matter if you are in for a cheat day or want to stay within your diet!
5	The TuNuts. Sweet baby jebus, the TuNuts. What is that, you ask? Oh just spicy ahi & sriracha slaw in a cucumber boat w/almonds, teriyaki, avocado & sriracha aioli. JUST the best thing I've ever put in my mouth.I really wish this place existed in Los Angeles, because I'd be there all the time. The menu has so much variety (for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike), the atmosphere is cool, they make sure your drinks are always refilled and man, I can't wait to go back!
4	Awesome service, and delicious food. *If you request the gluten-free menu, be sure to double check the ingredients with the staff- some of the sauces (the teriyaki,  specifically) was not gf. Beware!
5	This is a true 5 star restaurant, start to finish.I ate here for the first time several months ago and was really impressed. A lot has changed in the time since my first visit. My wife and I decided that we needed a major lifestyle change, we needed to be more conscious about the foods we were eating, needed to eat out less, and just start living healthier. In a perfect world you make breakfast, lunch, and dinner at home, you never eat or drink bad, you are in peak physical condition, and you live to 110. That's a perfect world. Now reality. It's fun to eat out, cooking schmooking, exercising schmexercising, you know how it goes. I'm happy to say that we've changed a lot in our lives from an eating standpoint that's really helped.So where does Skinnyfats fit into this? Well they fit perfectly because of the incredible healthy options they have. During some holiday shopping we needed to find a place to grab dinner and wanted to be health-concious about our decision. Skinnyfats was the perfect choice. I went with the Wrap Supastar and it was absolutely awesome. Fluffy egg whites, avocado, chicken, pico de gallo, and spinach in a delicious wheat wrap and topped with a lime/cilantro yogurt dressing and some additional pico de gallo. It's honestly hard to believe that this was healthy. The portion since was huge. My wife went with the Vegwich. I'm not much of a mushroom man, but she said it was absolutely awesome. Unfortunately I didn't grab a picture of it, but that was also really big and was accompanied with a side.**Confession** on my first trip here I had a chocolate banana milk shake. On this second trip I had a chocolate banana milk shake. It was a weak, but totally worth it moment. I don't know how they are able to perfectly incorporate the banana into the milk shake, but they absolutely do. No banana chunks, so smooth and amazing tasting. They have a wide array of shake options, definitely check it out if you' feel like "living happy." The location is kind of hidden on Dean Martin. It would be super easy to drive by and never notice. I think that adds to the coolness of the restaurant. Service is always dynamite. They play great music as well. This place just kills it in every area - food, service, ambiance.
5	SkinnyFATS is not located next to any other restaurants and sits in a parking lot with these other shops like a wood floor store. I enjoy the concept of SkinnyFATS, and their menu is easy to see, the restaurant is a first come first seated place, and you order at the counter and they will bring you your food. While it isn't a huge place, which means it will get easily crowded, my friends and I were lucky to grab a table in the corner. Now back to the concept of this place, on one side of the menu you have the Healthy (skinny) and the other side you have the Happy (fats), and on the back of the menu you have the drinks that range from sodas to the healthy juicers like vegetable fruit juices. A lot of their food ranges from sandwiches, burgers, tacos, bowls, and they even serve breakfast all day. I originally though "man the Happy side does like delicious" but I actually ordered two items from the Healthy side which was the Ahi Srirachi taco (Happy side has tampura ahi tuna tacos) and Naked Chix (a seared chicken bowl served over brown rice).Naked Chix - dish was light and delicious, while the chicken was sort of bland, the brown rice was great and the whole dish worked with the mango salsa it had on it, the bowl also comes with a yogurt sauce which went interesting with the chicken. Ahi Srirachi taco - a rather big taco for only $3.50 and it has nice flavors to it, it is also light and has a great mixture of mangos, some slaw and a delicious srirachi aioli sauce. There was plenty of tuna in this taco as well.Awesome service, and all the workers were quick and very helpful in explaining the concept to noobs like us and what's their favorites.
4	Service was very friendly and the food was awesome. This location is very small and seating is limited. Food was made and to out table very quickly.
4	The truffle fries were really good. However, I had to take one star away because the produce on the burger wasn't that great.
3	Not very impressed by the service and food. First, the skinny side of the food is loaded with sugars and toppings which are not healthy. For being a newer restaurant, you would think the service would be top notch to get the word out. Anyway, when we entered, I made it a point to say it was my first time because I did not understand if we should seat ourselves or order first. The lady was not friendly and could not answer detailed questions about the menu. The food was fair but the salad had heavy dressings. There is noting unique about this place. Meh...
4	It's about time to write a review for SkinnyFATS... as with the rave on Yelp it's easily one of the "coolest" places to be. The vibe here is unbeatable.Food-wise it can be actually hit and miss - some were amazing, some were mediocre.Lately, I order deliveries from them via Postmates as this location is close to my place.
3	I wanted to like this place more. The location is in an industrial area. It is tiny. You may have to wait for a table because it's small. The sandwich was not bad but it did not contain much sauce (hummus), so it was dry. When I asked for a side of honey mustard-- one of the girls hesitated & then said "I guess I can give you some". The truffle fries were good. It's worth a try if you want healthier food in Las Vegas. But, don't expect too much.
3	"Bro, I'm hungry!"  announces my poker bud."What the?" I start, watching him look over the 'healthy' options."I gotta stay in shape" he says."Ummm..." I trail off as I look him up and down, his swimmers physique hidden behind 30lbs of good old American excess."Hey, round is a shape." he continues as he orders a double cheeseburger.Skinny Fats, home of the HAPPY (pre new year, yay!!) and healthy (post new year, boo) menu.  To their credit, the boo menu is tasty.Straight to it, familiar food.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing over the top.  Solid but not perfect.The turkey burger (cranburkie) is well made.  Good texture of the burger managing to stay moist with the addition of cranberry and topped with a cranberry yogurt and loads of peppery arugula, semi ripe tomato, and sharp red onion.  OK but desperately needing more salt to bring out the turkey flavor.  The naked Chix (pan roasted chicken breast topped with a mango salsa and sweetened mango basil sauce with a side of cilantro yogurt) is well made.  Well cooked chicken, the salsa and sauce could use more spice heat to balance the mango flavor.  A side of Yummus (rosemary hummus) with it's inherent creamy richness and herbal finish pairs well with the selections.From the HAPPY menu,  props to the Sweet Cheese Us, a great take on the Philly cheese steak (thin slices of still juicy beef with cherry peppers, deeply caramelized onions, portabello chunks, and a slightly spicy pepper jack, cheddar sauce slathered generously atop).  The Cherry Popper ( 1/2 lb, juicy, dripping burger topped with cherry peppers, a spiced up slaw, pepper jack, and a dripping fried egg to cool it all down in a sweet bread roll) not far behind.  Messy and simply good eats.One thing, avoid anything "truffle" (ie truffle fries).  Synthetic truffle oil.  Ack.All told, cool concept and vibe designed to hide one's foodie intercessions.  Hey, no one's telling on you.
4	This is a great concept for a restaurant.  They have a healthy side and happy side.  Get their early for lunch as they don't have but about 15-20 chairs so it can get packed very easily.  I had a the Cherry Popper.  It was delicious.  Truffle fries were good too.  My buddy got the Sweet Cheese Us and he said it was good.  We will return there, but probably to eat on the health side.
5	SkinnyFATS is so cool! The restaurant has a youyhful and nice vibe, and the food menu is awesome. I always order from the Healthy side, but it tastes like I'm ordering from the Happy side. I haven't had anything from the Happy side... i can't imagine how good it is because the Healthy side is great.The only thing I don't like is how small it is. The restaurant is always packed, and the seating is first come first serve. So people are practically fighting for tables.
4	Went here for a date and it was perfect! For two people who like to try new food and we still try to stay healthy; this was perfect! Tasteful and I didn't feel guilty after stuffing my face! The way they serve the salmon in the cucumber boats is just flawless. And the waiter with the English accent was fantastic! The only thing I would say would be to make if a little bigger! Didn't have too much room to spare.
5	My boyfriend wanted to grab some healthy breakfast on our drive back home from Vegas. I saw that this place had tons of great reviews so we decided to check it out. When we walked in we were greeted by a waitress who was very friendly. She explained the menu and how the whole happy and healthy thing worked. Their menu is very diverse with lots of great options. I liked that they had a special vegetarian menu as well. I got the Liquid Defense Juice and my boyfriend got the Beet It Juice. We also ordered the Very Berry Strong Waffle and Vegwich. The portions here are generous and everything tastes delicious. The waffle came with a mint yogurt sauce which was different but also tasted amazing. I loved their spin on a classic berry waffle. If you are ever in the area this is definitely a must try! It's a pretty small restaurant so make sure you get there early for breakfast unless you want to wait a long time since seating is limited.
3	Went here at lunch time and the place is so small and was so packed there was no where for anyone to sit. Line up a couple of tables outside or something. It's hard to enjoy your lunch when you have no where to sit and then when you finally find a spot you feel you have to rush so someone else can sit there. The food was good. Their juices are awesome!
5	Really interesting menu.  Inexpensive for the quality. Friendly and yummy.  Great sides menu.  Need GPS to find.
5	I came at a time when it was completely dead. And I mean dead. I had tried coming once but it was too packed. I was talking to the server and he said that usually lunch brunch and some dinners are busy. Durin 3-6 is when they are usually not busy.Server recommend chix on Broadway. It's a chicken sandwich but dang is it good. The menu is creative in how it balances healthy with happy. It's super hip inside and I dig it.
