4	Part of the growing empire of those who brought us LGO and Postino...  quite good.  Upscale casual.  American favorites like roasted chicken, burgers, fish tacos...  the ceviche is not so good.  Don't go there.  Overall, I enjoy this place.  I probably eat here once every 6 weeks and have always had a good meal.  It is a good place to bring parents and your relatives from the midwest -- it's a nice local place with a neighborhood feel, but the food is non-threatening.  Everyone is going to find something they like here.  FYI, the key lime pie is super good.
4	Good place... the patio is huge and awesome... i went there on a winter night and the amount of heaters that they had made it so warm that i did not need a jacket... the food was very good... i only had soup and dessert, but the other people i was with loved the chicken and the special salad... i did not try the key lime pie but loved the turtle sunday... i look forward to going back and trying more things on the menu... and for the area the prices were not too bad....
5	Chelsea's Kitchen has become my favorite dinner spot. The food is excellent, but it's the attitude of the place that really makes it sing. A great place for a nice, but un-stuffy, dinner. Try the steak tacos ~ you won't be sorry!
4	We dropped in here last night when we realized we didn't realistically have two hours + to wait at Pizzeria Bianco. The wait here was about 40 minutes - which surprised me, for a Wednesday, but we persevered with a cocktail at the bar. I immediately liked the setup -- it was comfortable, for lack of a more descriptive word. The fireplace was burning and the flowers sprung fresh from the vases that separated the dining room from the bar. For some reason, the menu wasn't really doing it for me last night, which is abnormal, as I'm usually a big fan of comfort foods like fried chicken or spare ribs. So I went with a salad, which was good, not amazing, and it was brought out by my nicer-than-normal server. We split a key lime pie at the end of the night which was also good but not quite there with the KL pie at Houston's, in my estimation. All in all, very good.
5	Great fish Tacos and an Ahi Tuna burger to die for.
4	Chelsea's Kitchen has become my default destination when I want a decent sit-down meal and can't think of anything new or exciting.  Everything is done very well.  I especially enjoy the fish tacos, which come with a surprisingly good side of rice and beans. But my favorite item on the menu is the tuna tartar & guacamole appetizer. Nothing else on the menu really pops, but my friends and I haven't had any complaints yet.Service is always strong, as with the other LGO properties. This is especially evident at Chelsea's Kitchen where it appears they have implemented the Houston's-style service approach, which is a Good Thing.Finally, the thing that really makes Chelsea's Kitchen stand out is the building itself.  A great example of the sprawling, airy Arizona ranch-style house with great front and back patios. It can be difficult to get a seat on the back patio, but the rest of the restaurant is pleasant enough that I don't mind. The only negative comment I can make is that the bar is on the small side.
4	After hearing a lot of buzz about this restaurant, I finally got the chance to check it out.  I had attempted to go a few weeks earlier, but the hour wait for a table was a little too much for my already-growling stomach to handle.  This time we called in a reservation, which made our wait pretty non-existent. First thing to note was that the place was very busy and pretty noisy.  Not as noisy as Delux, but soft-spoken people are going to have to take it up a notch.  Luckily, my party was comprised of pretty loud people, so we were okay.  When things did periodically quiet down, there was a pretty cool selection of music playing ranging from Iron and Wine to Simon and Garfunkel. We were seated at a table in the center of the dining room that had two chairs on one side and a bench seat on the other.  Being relatively short, a couple of us found a bit of a challenge sitting in the bench, which is a little lower than at some other places.  It wasn't horrible, but we definitely had to sport excellent posture all night. To start the meal, we ordered the Chicken Nachitos.  The portion was not giant, like you see at many other restaurants, but a good size for all five of us to split and still keep our appetites.  We ordered a couple of burgers, a prime rib and the crab cakes.  The burgers were delicious, possibly even better than those at Delux (gasp!).  The review of the prime rib was good as well.  The crab cakes, which were a special that night, went over well, although for two crab cakes and an ear of corn, the price of $30 seemed a little hefty.  For dessert we ordered the Turtle Sundae.  It was your average sundea but with the hot fudge and sprinkles on the side, so you can be as conservative or crazy with them as you'd like. Overall, I enjoyed the place.  Cute place, good food, nice atmosphere.  That being said, I do have one complaint in regards to their beverages.  Soda is served by the can with a glass of ice, something that is the norm in places like NYC and Europe.  That's fine, you don't want the hassle of dealing with a fountain.  I'll deal.  I will say that it is pretty annoying when combating the desert heat of Phoenix.  Charging $2 for a can of soda that probably costs less than a tenth of that when bought in bulk just seems like highway robbery.  Phoenix has always been the land of free refills, proabably because it's really hot here and people need to drink a lot of fluids to survive.  It's not just the soda that they're stingy with though.  A few members of the party ordered iced teas and lemonades, which came already poured in large glasses with ice.  That setup seems made for free refills, but they too were charged for each glass.  Additionally, there were times when our server or another staff member came up to the table and refilled the glasses without even being asked, helping us to rack up a non-alcoholic drink bill equal to the prime rib.  C'mon.  It's hot here.  Really hot.  People drink a lot of liquid.  Why be so stingy with the beverages?
4	Really tasty, but even more overpriced and nothing here is exquisite.  The space is nice and the service is good.  But $64 for 2 glasses of wine, a salad, a sandwich and 2 cups of coffee for lunch is a little ridiculous.  My rule of thumb here is that I only go to Chelsea's Kitchen when it's not my money.
3	Overpriced hit-list of local favorite foods executed well.  This is for you if you don't want any surprises and just want to get some solid food with good service in nice surroundings.4 stars minus 1 star for lack of creativity (yawn........)
4	this is another fav of mine in AZ and i usually go here once a visit. it's owned by my other favorite restaurant in AZ, Postino, the LGO group (owns Postino, La Grande Orange Grocery & Radio Milano). the atmosphere is very laid back and hip at the same time - go with your family or go with friends. the shizz: the outdoor patio (spacious and heat lamps for the cold desert nights)the arcadia salad (brussel sprouts, manchego cheese, crispy                                   pancetta and dried bluberries & cranberries in a                                  light vinaigrette)the tuna burger (not your average tuna B. hearty but not fishy)the fish tacos (i don't like mexican food and i like these, hola!)organic chicken (tasty & with spaetzel, i.e. awesome noodles)love this place - if you go, you'll love it too. word.
2	This place has dependable, if overpriced food. The place is so loud when they are busy you must shout to be heard across the table. I guess this is supposed to be a "feature" because they designed the restaurant to be noisy on purpose-- hard surfaces are everywhere. Overly noisy restaurants are one of my pet peves. How can you enjoy the meal if you are shouting? This place is for the pseudo-hip and trendy-- the place where you would go see and be seen if you live in PV. I have to admit that when the weather is nice, the patio is a nice place to hang out. We had spotty service the last time we went and were actually asked to leave the restaurant because there were people waiting for our table. (!!) This happened not 5 minutes after we were presented with our bill. I will not return. There are other places in town that are a better value where the wait staff is not rude and irritating.
3	Chelseas Kitchen is an atmosphere kinda-place. The food is definitely above average, but definitely traditional. Get the cinnamon roll as an appetizer. The also do a good job with the Ahi-Tartar. I've had the pork-chop, roasted chicken an burger on various occasions. All hold their own, juice and delicious. I'll definitely be back for the food. The patio seating great for lunch/early dinner. I've noticed the service-level has been dropping off the last 2 times I've been. Anyways, I always look forward to the local-made gelato for desert.
5	This was my lunch stop today! I usually don't sit on the patio at restaurants (especially on a windy day)but the dining room was full and I didn't want to wait.I was pleasantly surprised, I really enjoyed sitting outside. The building completely blocked the wind from the patio, it was perfect.They also have purse racks at your table! COOL!It was much quieter outside compared to in and they were playing some Spanish guitar over the speakers, I Love that music.I decided to order the Grilled Swordfish Tacos,  they were delicious and fresh (see pics) made to order grilled corn tortillas are Amazing! $18I was still hungry after though..........I saw some scallops go by to another table and wondered if that was a special because I didn't see it on the menu.I asked my waitress,and YES they were a special, I decide to order that as well.OH WOW!!! Absolutely Delicious!!!!!!  3 HUGE pan seared scallops on a bed of sweet corn polenta topped with wild mushrooms and a light gravy/sauce!! (see pics) $17So ya I spent $50 on lunch for my self! (that's including a $10 tip)Good food is worth every penny to me, I'll definitely go back but only order one entree next time.For the record I do think the tacos were a bit over priced but the scallops were totally worth it!5 stars for my waitress not telling me I'm a Pig!
5	Chelsea's is a great restaurant. Absolutely the most uncomfortable bar area ever, but the food is so incredible that I just avoid the bar entirely. I enjoy that you won't find a Budweiser or Coors here (don't hate... I love my Bud Light poolside as much as the next red-blooded Arizona asshole, but it's a nice touch to expose those who might otherwise be unwilling to something new and delicious. Case in point: my father, a republican, Nascar-watching Miller Lite drinker, loves to have a Stella while he's here. That's saying something.). The food is wonderfully and artfully prepared, and my otherwise simple male companions always find new favorites here. The menu features accessibly delicious meals that men won't feel emasculated ordering (the spit-roasted prime rib, dixie pan-fried chicken), but still accommodates that girly bitch who lives at 44th and Thomas, but insists she's in Arcadia (Arcadia Featured salad, Vegetarian Nut Burger).This could be why my Chelsea's is the only place my kooky family can agree upon.
3	Came here for lunch and was impressed by the bistro-like atmosphere. I ordered the soup and salad meal, which was pretty filling even though I totally thought it wouldn't be. The ceaser salad was great, and the soup of the day (was kind of like a tortilla soup) was nice as well. My other friends ordered the arcadia salad and a chicken salad; they both enjoyed it. We also ordered the shrimp ceviche appetizer which was ok, even though I think it's ridiculous to pay 15 bucks for an appetizer. The same price for a salad is also a little insane but I guess if you have the money, why not? Seeing as how I'm a struggling college student, this place is not for me but might be cool for special occasions and the like.The service was bad. Our waitress was not very friendly and never checked back in on us (2 bites, 2 minutes rule). We had another girl serve us the food and totally gave everyone each other's orders so we had to awkwardly do the switch-around-the-plates thing. We had to ask another guy to refill our drinks. It wasn't hardly busy, which was the odd thing...
5	Delish!  I've been here a few times and my favorite dish I've had was huge tasty scallops with polenta and mushrooms!  Divine!  Amazing ice tea.  Gorgeous restaurant.  Smells terrific inside!
5	This is one of my favorites. The food is great, service is prompt and friendly. The wait usually goes by quickly as you are able to get a drink at the bar and then next thing you know, they are summoning you to your table. The last time we were there was for my husband's birthday. There were 5 adults and the total bill was about $250, before the tip. One of our favorites is the short rib, yummy, yummy. It is so juicy and delicious. We have never taken any home as there are never any leftovers.It does get "loud", but I like to call it "lively". We will be back again soon, I hope.
5	I love the food, the atmosphere, and the service. Been a couple times and plan to go again very soon. No complaints whatsoever!
4	There are at few reasons why you might feel disinclined to read this review.  1.  You live in LA/the OC and think that reading a review of a Phoenix restaurant is a pointless and useless way to spend your precious Internet browsing time.  2. You live in Phoenix and don't think  that a rando LAer who has only been to Chelsea's Kitchen once could possibly write an informative review.  3. You don't like me.Of course because "Diana H." and "right" go together like peanut butter and oatmeal, you would be wrong in citing any of those reasons as a reasonable excuse to skip over my review.  Though I suppose if you don't like me you might be sort of justified to go waste time on someone you do like.  But you should like me... I am very likable!  I smile at strangers and hold doors open!  Sometimes I even share bites of my food!  Ok, I never do that, but at least I'm honest about the selfishness of my belly!  C'mon, does anyone REALLY like sharing their food?  Carrying on, as far as the usefulness of this review for my Southern California counterparts, it is compulsory that you understand that Chelsea's Kitchen is owned and operated by the same company that just opened La Grande Orange in Pasadena and both restaurants share similar menu items.  And as far as my comprehensive knowledge of the restaurant's offerings, all you Phoenixers out there can rest assured that I come bearing the fruits of my foodie brother's many dining experiences at this popular, yet low-key eatery that is suitable for a relaxing brunch, lunch or dinner with friends or family.  Now before I go ahead and completely lose your interest with more paragraphs describing why I am both a joy and an excellent source of dining information, I will proceed to the "meat" of the matter.  Hehe.. get it?  Meat?  As in, food?  Ohhh yes, I just went there.  Please, please, please still like me!  :-/To begin, I must preface this assessment  by indicating that my personal dining experience at the Kitchen of Chelsea is restricted to the Sunday brunch.  While my grilled chicken and spinach salad with point reyes blue cheese, apple, belgian endive & roasted pecan vinaigrette was not a complete homerun for me, it was still fresh and well-dressed, and I quite enjoyed devouring it until my brother and sister-in-law informed me that uncooked spinach doesn't pack the same nutritional punch as when cooked.  Plus I can contract E.coli from it which apparently is not such a rockin' good time!  My siblings are quite compassionate creatures when picking apart the contents of my plate.  But whatever, my sister-in-law's chilaquiles (declared the "winning" order at our table) is certainly NOT a nutritional mind field with it's oozation of cheese and that runny sunny side egg!  Hello?  Salmonella is like just as bad as E.coli!  She was soooo calling the kettle black!  But not to worry -- I had a big 'ole complimentary basket of yummy banana bread and coffee cake slices to comfort me in my time of need.  I didn't so much like the jalapeno (?) olive cheese bread, but olives pretty much gross me out in general so I can't really complain too heartily about the offense to my tongue.Beyond the fare that presents itself for the lazy daisy brunching crowd, I can tell you with absolute authority that the fish tacos, tuna tartar starter and Arcadia Salad (featuring brussel sprouts having a serious party with some bacon!) are all excellent choices.  Yes, my absolute authority is based on hearsay from my Phoenix brother, but this isn't Law & Order here, and Yelp is not a courtroom!  Plus I've acquired basically all my foodie knowledge from him, so his opinion is my opinion.  Except when it's not.  (He kind of screwed me over on some lamb chops at House of Tricks)  Ok, so before I completely fall apart under cross-examination and give you further reasons to never want to read another one of my reviews again, please pay notice to these final statements for why you should trust the words that come out of my fingers.  My brother lived in New York before moving to Phoenix.  If he doesn't know good food, than I don't have long legs and exceedingly fabulous fashion sense.  The verdict?  Chelsea's Kitchen is worth a gander.  And I have no idea what I just wrote.
5	This was great.  Romantic, outdoor seating, yummy food.
5	How much do I love this place? First of all, it's one of a burgeoning number of places in the up and coming Arcadia area (which is great because I live close to there!) So, the location is perfect.Second, you MUST have their ceviche! I love it so much that I often go there just to eat it and have a few drinks. It's SOAKED in lime juice and I salivate as I talk about it right now! It really is fantastic.Equally as good (well, almost) are their Chicken Nachitos which are, believe me, a meal unto themselves (unless you're sharing... and I suggest you don't because they're so good.)The only drawback at all is that it gets kind of loud in there. The acoustics aren't good when there's a crowd (and there always is.) Oh, and one more drawback is the parking is inadequate. Unless you're ok with valet (and I personally feel lost without my car keys with me at all times), you should try and go early or late. But, don't let these two things stop you. It's one of the best places in the Valley for dinner and drinks!
3	Part of LGO Hospitality Group, Chelsea's Kitchen has such a cool atmosphere! I love the indoor/outdoor vibe. I dined for lunch for the first time recently and had the Curry Chicken Salad. Its served very uniquely as chicken salad over mixed greens w/ a side of wonderful whole grain bread to make a sandwich if you choose. They're rather famous for their soft tacos and new on the list are short rib tacos. Maaaan! They are scrumptious!!!  The dinner portion of short ribs served over mashed potatoes are melt in your mouth perfection! Cut them w/ a fork. Be warned, they serve this dish w/ an (optional) over easy egg on top. The wine selection is pretty good and the deserts are sinful. Chelsea's is crowded almost every night of the week especially during tourist season.  That's definitely a good sign don't ya think?!Bon Appetite!
4	I started on yelp after looking for a place to vent about the sad excuse for a short-rib I experienced at The Estate House....I may have found it at the "other" waterfront location - Chelsea's by the... canal.I found my short rib. It's not that short. There aren't any ribs in it. It's juicy, it melts in your mouth, and it's found only at Chelsea's Kitchen!...then there's that thing about putting a fried egg on top of it. Although some swear by it, I just cant understand why you would mess with perfection.BOTTOM LINE: Great patio. Wholesome & simple food. Yumm!
3	There really isn't much I can add to the Yelps on this place. Average everything except the space. I really love the scale and volume of the space. While a bit loud it really lends itself to being a very comfortable atmosphere. Be sure to snack before coming here because the portions are on the smallish side.
3	Oh Chelsea's your a tricky little spot, you have tasty tuna tacos (by far the best fish taco I've had in phoenix) but that little tuna delight cost 18$ which is no big thang except that I work within walking distance of the place and 18$ for a lunch taco dish is straight baller status. The outside patio is great and the service is what it is, Its a good corporate lunch spot but stay away when it comes to dinner, its kinda boring, OH YEAH IF YOU DRIVE BY THIS PLACE THEY PUT SOME CRAZY TASTY SMELLS IN THE AIR SO BE STRONG AND KEEP DRIVING YOUR WALLET WILL THANK YOU.
5	We have been to Chelsea's a few times for lunch and have not been disappointed.  The Howie Burger and the Santa Fe burger were excellent...not a cheap burger but they are super tasty( Fries were awesome also)The last time we went, we ordered just the Chicken Nachos and the Tuna Tartar....that was too much food for both of us.We really liked the decor and are hoping to go again when the weather gets a little cool.  Tha patio looks like a nice place to hang out...Haven't had a bad service experience. It was pretty busy each time we went...
4	I went to Chelsea's a while ago and I cannot wait to return. Fantastic! We started with the tuna tartar and guacamole (umm... heaven!) My friend had the filet and I had the special which was lobster tacos. Simply delicious. The filet was SUPER tender and SUPER tasty. The tacos were delicious! The lobster was moist and tender and the tortillas were delicious and handmade! Yes it is a little pricey but you get what you pay for and it was well worth the few extra dollars. Great food and great atomosphere!
4	Grateful Dead, Bob Dylon, The Police, The Rolling Stones, Eric Clapton... these were the first five artists playing overhead at this Arcadia dining destination.  Totally kool and definitely my cup of tea.Oh, and the food was pretty good too... actually, I've been to Chelsea's a handful of times, and I've enjoyed the food and ambiance on each occasion.    You can't go wrong with the rotisserie chicken but tonight I went with the steak tacos and shared the swordfish tacos with Colleen C from Chicago Yelp.  No drinks for me as I was DD tonight - yes, I let the girls have their fun!  Tunes, grub, and ambiance make this place a 'go-to' whether you sit inside or out...
4	The dynamic duo (Gabi K and Jared M) scooped me up from the airport, and off to dinner...Chelsea's was finally decided upon, and what a great selection it was! Tuna Tartare with guac appetizer: AWESOME. A bit hard to eat, but very good. White sangria: PERFECT (x2) under the "misters" on a hot September evening. (105. I've never even SEEN misters, I like them. Like running through the sprinklers while you eat, but not so wet). Actually, no...I know exactly what it's like. Being a piece of produce at the grocery store...the only thing missing was the kitschy little "I'm singing in the rain" bit they play...For some reason, that always makes me smile. i digress, but at least I am well watered. Swordfish Tacos: The fish was excellent. Tortillas were a bit soggy, but only due to the massive amount of toppings. I also tried some of Jared's Steak Tacos. They were a little skimpy with the steak...boys need to eat! But, it was well prepared. No room for dessert. Ok, that's a lite. We went to Gspot for gelato ;) Really great spot, props to GK and JM for the tour!
5	OMG!  Love Chelsea's Kitchen!  Love it.  First, you MUST have the Chicken Nachitos!  The Roasted Chicken Spinach Salad is awesome. This is what I order most of the time because I think it balances the Chicken Nachito pig out that prefaces the main course.  However, the Fish Tacos are great too!  I love hanging out on the Patio.  It's so lovely and the weather is getting nice now to sit outside.  Perfection.  The staff is great and the service is fast but not rushed.  I wish the owners would open up a  place in South Phoenix -- we are "hungry" for  non-chain restaurants!
4	First of all.  March right over to the hostess and put your name in for the outside patio.  The back yard setting in this Arcadia restaurant is seemingly perfect all year round, with their giant oaks (?) for shade during the sunny months, and a large, wood-burning, brick chiminea for those ten-or-so cold days of the year.  The outside is outrageously cozy.And when you're back here, it doesn't really matter all that much how *good* the food is.  Oh, please believe, its pretty damn good and cooked very well, but in this setting, a Betty Crocker Mug-o-Lunch would taste like a Thomas Keller creation.I've spent birthdays and NYE and Friday night, pre-festivities dinners here and each has been unique with varying menus ... something I've always appreciated; progressive restaurants who employ confident chefs willing to expand their craft without alienating their core patrons.  I won't recommend a dish.  Its all good.  The desserts are charming too [read: the sundae].What I am recommending to you is the setting.  You can't go awry.
4	My second time in over the last weekend (Friday around 8pm) and it was great - not too busy, comfortable outdoor patio spot, nice looking crowd, friendly young university waitress. Food was great, my date loved the wine, and I walked out happy and full after a choice steak and dessert. A buck and half lighter in the wallet, but a swell late summer Phoenix night.
4	I really like this place. Its great for brunch. The seafood is superb (love the tacos). Overall I enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the dessert.
4	I have died and gone to short-rib heaven!I was debating between the short-ribs and fried chicken - short-ribs won, but my mom ordered the fried chicken, so I did get to try it. Hands down, the food was amazing!I would have given them 5 stars, but -1* for our nice, but over eager waitress who cleared my plate and utensils before I could start picking at my daughter's mac & cheese, who also cleared my friend's vodka martini before it was finished (bad move, sister) and who promptly took our friend's napkin, while he was still holding on to it.Stay for the food, but the waitstaff needs to be educated on how to wait tables.
4	This place is great.  I met up with a friend there for drinks after work.  I love the bar which has a garage type door that opens up so you can sit outside or inside.  Great intimate vibe outside under a big tree with lights.  Great warm vibe inside.  Great mix of basics and mexi-cali items like ceviche and tacos and burgers and mac and cheese.
5	I've been wanting to try Chelsea's Kitchen for months now and finally made my way over there last night. Wow. I officially became a member of the clean plate club. I had the vegetarian nut burger -- delish!  I had the key lime pie for dessert and I'd definitley have it again. Our server, Christina, was super friendly and helpful when we were trying to decide what to order. We were there early evening so it was a little quiet but the restaurant has a warm, homey vibe. Looking forward to going back soon.
5	One of may favorites in the Phoenix area. The attention to all details is apparent - seating, lay out, art work, service, back ground music - all of it is impeccable. One key criteria for a good dining experience - does it put you in a good mood once you step in? The answer re Chelsea's is a resounding Yes. They've done a wonderful job with the layout from the entrance patio to the fresh air indoor dining area to the indoor/outdoor bar that rolls out to the outdoor dining area for a Southwest feel with a fireplace. How about the food?- ribs, salads, burgers and especially the fish taco's are highlights. I've been a dozen times - for a number of events - drinks/appetizers, business, friends/family. Great people watching and terrific energy. This is one from the LGO family of restaurants.  A real winner.
5	Oh, Chelsea's Kitchen, how I love thee. I don't usually wax on about restaurants, but I love everything about this place. It isn't fine dining, but the food is good and I'm always in a good mood as I walk up to the front door of this establishment. The service is always friendly, from the host at the door to every server or bartender I have ever dealt with there. I love the bar, whether I'm sitting on the inside or outside sections. If the weather is good, the patio tables are SO worth the wait. Last weekend, after a long morning run, Chelsea's Kitchen was our reward. As we sat, drinking our beers, we planned a future backyard filled with mesquite trees that provided a natural canopy of shade. Seriously, I could have sat there and drank all day. Come to think of it, I don't know why we didn't. Food-wise, I am a huge fan of the rib-eye tacos. Their burgers are are excellent, as well. You're not going to see a James Beard award associated with Chelsea's Kitchen. It's not that kind of place. The food is good and simple. The ambiance is casual and fun; nice enough for a business dinner, and casual enough for lunch with friends. I've never walked out of there anything but happy and will return again and again.
4	Gotta say, I love Chelsea's Kitchen. It's sparse and loud, but the service is always good, and the food is excellent. Specifically, I think they may have the best veggie burger I've ever had. The tuna tacos are almost as good, when they're on the menu.Speaking of things that aren't on the menu, they sometimes have a summer melon salad with almonds and avocado...holy sh*t, it's refreshing and delicious. But again, it's never on the menu and only available seasonally, so make sure you ask for it.I go with Jenn H. all the time, and her favorite is the short ribs with the fried egg on top. Far from kosher, but extraordinary nonetheless. And for what it's worth, Chelsea's was featuring short ribs far before it became the standard of every hip eatery across the nation.Overall this restaurant is a strong, consistent star. Plus it's open late...and you know I like that.
4	Had dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen the other night.  This is a solid restaurant.  Everything about it is good from the food to the service and the modern decor.  We had a variety of items on the menu and everything was good.  In particular, I enjoyed the nachos and the Cheeseburger!  The cheeseburger had caramelized red-onions which were outstanding! Desert was good too, we all shared red velvet cake and key lime pie.
1	As a seasonal resident of AZ, this is the very first restaurant that was so poor that I felt compelled to comment on.   Well I thought I'd give CK another try after 2 disappointing visits. So for a late bite we arrived around 9:30 pm, the place was dead, staff talking amongst themselves, smelled great and asked to sit on the patio. The Hostess tried to sit us where it would be convenient for the server, but we chose a more intimate area and got a vibe like we might be asking for something out of the ordinary. We were coldly greeted by our server, who looked similar to every other server, young, averagely attractive, no visible outstanding qualities. Yes, I work in a seasonal food service business and hire and fire these clones daily. Anyway, this is our mediocre apathetic workforce of today. We received our wine and I noticed my wine glass was dirty or smudged. I decided to just let it go, but as I thought about it and the level of detail I require in my own business, I decided to ask for a new glass, but only once our food had arrived, fearing kitchen reprisal. The server brought our food, and I asked for the new glass, pointing out the smudge, which she immediately snatched up the glass, noted the smudge and left the table without one word. Now onto the food, well where do I begin, poor plate presentation even for a $12 veggie burger, very anemic like the server. Oh, no utensils or napkins or even an offer of water. I waited a few minutes and decided to get my own utensils, which were neatly wrapped in a napkin by the patio door. I turned the bun onto the veggie patty and it is cold and I decide I will not eat this, it is beneath me and how can someone serve something so pathetic and get away with it. When the server checked on us, I told her I wasn't happy and explained that I thought the bun should be toasted and her attitude was its not our policy to toast the bun and I should specify how I want my bun. With this I asked for a credit to my bill and she took the plate, turned and curtly walked away. Once again, no apology or attempt to rectify the complaint, only a confrontation that I the one paying her salary was some how responsible. We left with no parting adieu, never to return. We drove to their sister venue, Postino, which for the second time we had a great experience. Staff were personable, professional and uncloned. As for CK, go if you like camouflaged mediocrity, enjoy being snubbed by the people who are suppose to serve you and paying for it. I'll take mine at the S&M.
4	I have been here a few times, usually for lunch. I always get the cheeseburger and fries. At first, i couldn't imagine paying $12 for a hamburger, but once i tried it, i discovered it was well worth it. This is one of the best burgers in town and thats why I get it everytime. The woodfired grill gives the lean meat great flavor, and the handcut fries are fresh and delicious. Try them in ranch dressing. This place is real trendy and always crowded. Sit on the patio, it is a great atmosphere. I had the pumkin pie and it was amazing, even though it was $8, but the slice was huge. Well worth it. For an upscale dinning experience go here and enjoy the fresh, natural food and professional service.
3	I've heard a lot of complaints about this place, but I've never had a bad experience here myself.  It has good atmosphere both outdoors and in and the food's not half bad either.
5	Oh Chelsea... I envy you. You have 54 reviews, why not one more? Chelsea's Kitchen is located on a sort of "landmark" for me; this location (not building - just real estate) has been so many fun things over the years. I am happy that Chelsea found her home here. The menu changes with specials and chef's delights, so one night you might find yourself eating a surf and turf and the next a really great seasonal salad. The drinks are flowing (try the LGO) - I didn't like their beer selection, but no biggie the pitcher of LGOs made us happy. I LOVE the fact that their menu doesn't have a million things on it....You don't need a million options. Just a few very well executed and well prepared dishes. We started off with the nachitos - this is a meal in itself. You could share this with a few drinks and be just fine. The chicken didn't overpower the other elements and the tortilla chips are fresh and, imho, the way tortilla chips *should* taste... This last visit, I had the short ribs. They were tender enough to cut with a fork. The over-easy egg on top was a nice addition. There were tender baby veggies on the bottom which also was nice. We ended the meal with chocolate pecan pie with fresh vanilla bean ice cream. Nothing more to say about this other than it was fabulous. There is a burning fire outside and inside, a nice cozy bar that's big enough to not feel like you're standing on top of your neighbor, and the staff (even management) was not pretentious or rude. They were accommodating and happy. My only drawback is this (and it's not worth taking a star off of)This is one of those really trendy places - so if you get intimidated by that *crowd* or you just don't have the patience for *them* I would suggest going either a little later or a little earlier. But I wouldn't use this as an excuse to not go to Chelsea's. Simply stated, this isn't a 3 star experience. This is far above 3 stars. Chelsea's continually delivers a great meal with a great atmosphere. It's not hit or miss; but it's not a hole in the wall either....
5	What a great experience I had at Chelsea's Kitchen!  We had to wait 15 minutes, even with a reservation, which would have irked me a little bit if the Cardinals game hadn't been on TV in the bar area. The atmosphere is very nice, with real fireplaces both in the dining room and out on their beautiful patio.  It has the feel of a casual, slightly upscale gathering place for couples, friends, and families alike. Once we were seated, our server couldn't have been nicer or more attentive. We shared a small LGO caesar salad, identical to the one served at LGO (as the name implies) and thus delicious! For entrees, we shared the swordfish tacos and the short ribs with the over-easy egg on top. The swordfish tacos are, as promised, the best fish tacos I've had in the Valley, filled with big pieces of grilled swordfish, a little cabbage and tomatoes, guacamole, a slightly sweet sauce, and a great salsa on the side. The short rib dish is another one of their specialties.  The short ribs were tender and served with a yummy red wine jus, over mashed potatoes and veggies. I'm not sure what the egg on top adds to the dish (other than calories and cholesterol), and I personally would do without it next time, but you gotta give them credit for pairing such ingredients and having the dish still be great. I'm glad we tried Chelsea's Kitchen, and I'll be back many more times for their great food at reasonable prices, all with friendly service and in a cool atmosphere.
3	For dinner, my friend JB wanted something reasonably healthy and wasn't overly anxious about the price, as long as it was casual and allowed for conversation. She also mentioned recent cravings for rare-cooked tuna. Remembering the tasty tuna tartar appetizer I once had there and the tuna burger I'd seen on their menu, I took us to Chelsea's Kitchen (CK).Chelsea's Kitchen is one of Craig and Kris DeMarco and Bob Lynn's several brainchildren that make up the LGO Hospitality family, which includes Arcadia's trendy places to be seen, Le Grande Orange Grocery, Le Grande Orange Pizzeria, Postino Cafe, and Radio Milano (one of two branches, the second being in Pomona, California). I'm definitely not a scenester, and CK tends to cater to the slightly older, not-so-trendy-but-still-in-the-know crowd who wants a good meal and a low-key atmosphere.My work group goes there regularly for lunch, and I've liked every meal I've had there. I'll put a warning in about the Howie Burger--after awhile, the bottom bun gets soggy. The regular burgers hold up much better. The restaurant's lightly honeyed cottage cheese side is a nice alternative to fries. Their menu is straightforward and to the point--no frills, no garnishes. The interior is the same. Hardwood tabletops, a few giant, yet minimalist stone pots for fake floral arrangements. Seats to lounge in. Nothing soft and flowing, but comfortable all the same. A band of windows, shaded by the roof's overhang, enwraps the dining room, bringing in comfy ambient light. That night, the comfy lighting was dim, but not so dim that you'd need a flashlight to read the menu and get a good look at your plate. Everything's clean, right down to the design lines. Even the busy open-view kitchen's stainless steel gives off a well-scrubbed look.The hostess greeted us with a smile. I saw folks on the front patio and suggested we sit outside, too, remembering how loud the dining room's music can get and how close the quarters are. They sat us at the rear patio, along the canal, which I think was nicer than the front would've been. A very short time later, our waitress arrived to take our drink order, and we both ordered lemonade.The service the whole night was quick and attentive, which was nice as most of the tables inside and out were seated. The servers weren't obtrusive while we had our animated conversation over our meal. We weren't waiting long before our lemonades and glasses of water arrived. The lemonade was cold and fresh, though after a few sips through a straw, some of the pithy stuff at the bottom started sending a face-puckering, bitter wash over my tongue. Unfortunately, there was no sweetener at the table, so I took only occasional sips. At the least, it was refreshing. And while I didn't love it, but they were quick and liberal with both lemonade and water refills at my table, topping us off whenever we got close to half empty.Looking over the menu, the first thing I pointed out was the tuna tartar with guacamole and tortilla chips, and we decided to split the appetizer. The tortilla chips served with our appetizer chips were pale, fresh, crispy, and salty--all the components of a very addictive food. The only petty complaint was the one single chip that was just a bit chewy. The tuna tartar and avocado accompaniment was nicely done. It was simply seasoned, which is essential for letting the buttery tuna shine through. Avocado and tuna are a classic combination for a reason--they work well together, with the avocado buffering the fish (not fishy) taste, and the tuna polishing the avocado's taste. The crisp, thin chips gave a nice, brief crunch without overwhelming the tuna's and avocado's texture. Unfortunately, the speedy service worked against us, and it was just a few minutes between arrivals of appetizer and entree.Sometimes, the skinny seasoned fries are limp, but the seasoning is consistently tasty. The tuna burger was beautiful, served with the top bun and all the accompanying fresh veggies to the side--lettuce, thinly sliced tomatoes, fans of avocado slices. I put the two together, sliced it in half, and had to give it the smackdown to make sure I could wrap my maw around it. The burger was perfect--moist, flavorful, scrumptious, and rare. The bun was fresh and soft. The glaze was awesome--slightly sweet and tangy, and the burger's edges were crisped, offering a nice contrast to the soft middle.I wanted a place to tuck away and have good food. The open dining room where you can see the face of every other diner doesn't allow that, but there are plenty of patio niches that make close conversation easy, making the restaurant good for groups, despite the tight spaces between tables you sometimes have to navigate, but even better for a few friends if you sit outside. You probably won't find yourself daydreaming about the fare, but it's good and consistent enough to choose in a pinch when you don't want to blow a load of dough on a really good tuna burger.
4	Decor and service were great. Prices were not unreasonable. Food was delicious - I had the chipotle burger - grilled green pepper, pepper jack, chipotle aoli,  great burger. Appetizers - enjoyed the tuna tartare (served with avocado and corn chips, very creative!), the nacho plate was also very good.The food presentation was creative. It made a a great place for a business dinner, and would probably make a good date spot, too - especially the heated outdoor area.
5	I just had one of the best meals of my life at this joint!  I ate everything on my plate which is something my small stomach never can seem to accomplish.  I ordered a veggie nut burger - which is hands down the best I have ever had!  I have been a vegetarian for 6 years and have had veggie burgers all over the world, this one tops it!  I think it might have something to do with it being a "nut" burger which is not like the usual black bean or mashed veggie burger.  I also liked how it was chard a little, which gave it that comforting BBQ-like texture.  I chose the steamed vegetables as a side dish which came out as perfectly seasoned and cooked green beans.For desert I ordered the red velvet cake (its not on the menu - so ask!), and it was the second best red cake I have ever had - the first is my mama's recipe.  I consider myself a bit of a red cake snob, but this one gets two thumbs up! The parking lot a bit too small, which is the downside.
2	The consistency here is great.  Servers have a bit of an attitude but this place is always rocking.  I had cold coffee which was surprising.  Their fries are great and veggie burger rivals houstons.  order a greyhound.  they make it with fresh squeezed grapefruits.
5	Three friends and I were visiting Phoenix for the Rock n Roll marathon, and a local recommended the place for our post-race meal.  We called ahead for a reservation, and when we arrived, they seated us on the back patio.Service was really good - they moved a few heat lamps around to make sure we were warm - and we all ordered a drink.  But the star was the food - our Vegan friend totally dug the vegetarian tacos, and two of us went to town on the fried chicken, green beans, cinnamon roll and mashed (or mac n cheese).  Nothing bad at the table - period. The food was simple, but very fresh, and the atmosphere was something we Chicagoans wish we could take advantage of more - outdoor setting, perfect service, great food.  We'll be back.
5	Dude, seriously?... Ive only been here for lunch, which is perfect. Tonight I popped my gal's CK Dinner Cherry. Its such a great trick at night. Great buzz, great patio. I had the Chelsea's Cheeseburger, which is $12. Yea, 12 bux for a Cheeseburger and Fries, thats so money. Check out the fish tacos too. There's definitely something about this place that keeps me wanting more.... and its not the parking.
3	I didn't love it the food but I didn't hate it either. the set  up is really great though. sit outside, it's really fun.
5	I went here on a date with the GF last weekend, and was not disappointed.  We knew we were going to have to wait on a Friday night, but the wait doesn't feel so bad there.  The bar area was a great place to have a drink, and it is fairly lively.  If you can, sit on the outside part.  They have an amazing patio area.  Plus, they have one of my all time favorite beers (from when I lived in Oregon) on tap - Mirror Pond.The service & food were great.  I had the Ahi Tuna Burger, and she had the veggie tacos.  Being a gentleman, I didn't eat her food, but she assured me via text message while writing this that the food was really good.  She also wanted to let you all know that they put sweet potato in the tacos, which was amazing.  (Now, I really wish I would have snuck a taco)  Anyway...Prices were reasonable, and the whole restaurant has a great energy and vibe as well.  It is nice to see all sorts of different groups of people enjoying a night out.  Sometimes I feel all the people in a restaurant can look the exact same.Go here & you won't be disappointed.
5	This is my current favorite restaurant in the valley.The Tuna Tartare is my favorite thing  - a generous amount of high grade ahi tuna with guacamole. My description does not do it justice - you must just go there and order it to understand how heavenly it is! The Del Mar Salad is covered with shrimp and crab in a tasty citrusy tangy dressing. The Short Ribs are so perfectly cooked that you don't even need a knife to cut them - they melt in your mouth. Oh! I almost forgot to mention the white sangria - order a pitcher - it is so so wonderful! The restaurant is very beautiful inside and the service is great.
3	I went for a business lunch and had the crispy chicken tacos - not crispy, but they were OK.  I just thought that $14 for lunch tacos was a bit much.  Maybe that's just me.  I am willing to try again as I imagine dinner, especially sitting outside on the deck would be really nice.
5	Probably my favorite patio in the valley.  I absolutely love meeting friends for a great brunch, lunch, or even dinner on their patio.  Their food is always very good and the drinks never disappoint.  Try the white sangria with brunch- full of good fruit and a fabulous way to get your day going.  No, it isn't a "cheap" place, but ya get what you pay for.  Sometimes when you want good food, you are going to pay a little bit extra.  I always leave Chelsea's a happy customer!
5	I absolutely adore Chelsea's Kitchen! Super comfy ambiance, delectable food, inventive flavors, a seasonal selection of wild seafood and natural meats, and an extremely friendly staff. What more could you ask for? Delish!
4	I have been to this place a few times for after work gatherings, but have never eaten.  I went for lunch/brunch this past Sunday and YUMMY!  I have the short rib taco's and they were excellent, the meat was super tender and tasty.  The service was OK, our appetizer didn't come out until after our entree, and my taco shells were late as well.  But overall, I think this place was excellent.  The food was good, I can live with mediocre service once in a while!  They have a great patio and the food smells when you arrive make your mouth water.  I look forward to going again and again!
5	YUM YUM YUM.... did I say YUM? Everything about this restaurant is fantastic. I love the decor, the outside patio is the best. The bar set up is great and I love that the have an open kitchen so you can see your food prepared. The chicken nachitos with extra guacamole YUMMY! The roasted chicken outstanding! I love the chipolte burger! The mac and cheese is definately something to write about don't miss out on the MAC! I also love that they serve the Passion fruit tea. This is very good food at a very good price. I have only had bad service once, I think our server was new or at least I hope she was. Otherwise she was just a ding bat that couldn't remember to come fill our drinks or bring the extras that we ordered. Don't keep this one a secret!
5	This place is amazing.  I love the casual, at-home ambiance and the DELICIOUS food.  This place is a great bang for the buck!  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area!
4	Really is a beautiful setting for dinner.  Met some family there and had a good time, few apps but no drinks.  The design of the restaurant really is gorgeous, light wood tables, copper and stone.  It is a bit loud, but was great as we had a baby in tow.The food is a bit over priced, the $12 burger was delicious but wasn't a $12 portion.  I would guess rent and snootiness are expensive where they're at and the Ferrari drivers don't seem to mind.  I would like to go back and get the roasted chicken dinner.  We had Guac to start which was excellent and fresh.  You can get out of here with your wallet if you don't drink, but what fun is that?
5	Very delicious.  My gf and I had the prime rib and rotisserie chicken.  Both awesome meals in the taste department.  Food arrived lightning fast.  Server Allie was awesome.  Very attentive and never overbearing.  Red velvet cake for dessert.  Everything perfect!  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  It's a winner all around.
4	We started with some wine at the bar and then guacamole apps at the table.  Nice.  We sat in front in the quietest patio spot.  There was a window next to our table where we could watch the incredibly hot cooks prepare plates.  They are as yummy as the food they make.I ordered something I'd never had before; Arctic Char.  I This, I learned, tastes like a hybrid of salmon and trout.  It's a more mild salmon flavor with the texture of trout.  It's grilled and served over some really fabulous mashed potatoes.  I ate it all.  I tried to eat just half but could not help myself.  For dessert I sampled the Chocolate Distruction and the Red Velvet cake. Lovely.  The bathroom was a walk away.  A walk down a very shiny and very slippery floor. No, I didn't fall, but the potential of a fall on some too high heels is great.  The bathroom is nice and clean, nothing fabulous.  The highlight here is the food, for sure.
3	Had a lunch date here...I had the Grilled Swordfish Tacos and I forgot what he had...I think the Grilled Ahi Tuna.  Portions were on the smaller size for the price (yes even for lunch).  I kind of felt bad, because I picked the place and he paid...and I just felt it was waaaay to expensive for a lunch.  We did have cocktails so our bill was definitely more than $60.  We did enjoy the patio...even in January when the weather is perfect here!  Not so sure I'd do lunch again for the price!!!
4	So, I was missing New York City...especially that really cool farmhouse restaurant called Friend of a Farmer....anyhooo...  I was driven to this jaunt by some caring and concerned friends.  Here is the play by play experience...We pulled up and were valet parked for free.  We walked in after 8pm on a Friday on a holiday weekend and were immediately seated.  The booths are fabulously placed and private somehow.  Menus distributed it took seconds for Alison to offer us their famous white sangria which I winced a bit at because they do not have red sangria at all.  But you know I still indulged.  Then moments later a very HOT guys whose name I did not manage to get but whose profile I did capture, placed our beverages in front of us.  Clinking glasses we realized that having to save to go out instead of going out EVERY day could really be okay.  The economy a concern, we still found the place reasonably priced.  I mean, the cost of the Sangria pitcher was about $20 and that pitcher well satisfied us.Then, due to what was explained to us as having to deal with some "interesting characters", and only after one of us went to the host to solicit some attention, Alison...our missing server resurfaced.  She was apologetic and lovely.  Fearing that she might never return, we dumped all that we wanted on her at once...  The sashimi tuna, the shrimp esceviche, the mac and cheese, the rotisserie chicken, the swordfish tacos, and the soft-shell crabs were all drool-teasers listed that we simply had to try!  We even hinted early that the desert of Destruction by Chocolate and Red Velvet and Key Lime Pie might be victims and the CSI team could be tipped off that it would have been us that done it!Not quite sure that this place would be able to pull off good drinks and excellent food, I let my eyes wander around the space that was created.  I excused myself from my friends to continue my search on foot.  I found a perfect oasis outside in the form of a delightful outdoor dining room which we had refused the offer to sit in upon arrival...clearly not knowing how wonderfully appointed this space would be.  There was a lovely fireplace, good intimate lighting, defined areas of conversation, and what appeared to be very attentive service.  I went to the ladies room and found that there was great style continued in there and the room was immaculate... really.Returning to the table, I was greeted by the appetizers.  All was lovely.  To begin, the escheviche was perfectly marinated.  The tuna was so nice and fresh.  I really had to ask Alison where the tuna came from?  It was confirmed that the seafood is daily sent in from California and that nothing really just sits there...  This gave me hope since I am such a seafood lover and Arizona really has few waterfront opportunities.  The main dishes arrived timely and exceeded expectations.  The rotisserie chicken was so tender, seasoned without being over-done, juicy, and afloat a lovely risotto.  I can still taste it 12 hours later!  YUM.The mac and cheese was a white one but for me it was nothing special...It will please those who want a grown up mac and cheese without actually having any kick or  additional flavor to sort out.  It was a little bland but smooth and would compliment another dish that was full of flavor...I am not gonna lie.  That soft-shell crab was almost as good as being in LaCombe, Louisiana for the Blue Crab Festival!  The  swordfish tacos were adequately portioned and flavorful.  You will not go wrong with this option, especially if you plan on having room for the deserts I mentioned.And yes, we had them.  They came with a scoop of Haagen Daaz in some cases so we just HAD to order them.Definitely give this place a try.  It is good for double dates...I think.  Ask the table next to you when you get there...  I did.
2	I was very surprisingly underwhelmed by Chelsea's Kitchen. We walked in and the restaurant smells amazing with the open kitchen and I really dig the atmosphere. Our first impression was that our server- Katie McD- seemed kind of flighty and not very attentive, so that is never a good start. She wasn't very friendly and didn't even attempt to build a rapport with the table. She kept forgetting small things that should be second nature for servers. I ordered my iced tea, and had to wait until she came back with our appetizer to get a straw. (The same happened later to my cousin after she finished her sangria and ordered another drink) I then asked for sweetener and she turned around, grabbed it from another table and then put it in front of me saying 'They weren't using it.".. kind of awkward. It has been my experience that great food can really overshadow bad service. Unfortunately, I was again disappointed once our meals came out. Maybe I had too high of hopes for Chelsea's Kitchen, after all I have had an ongoing love affair with La Grande Orange for years. I had the Dixie Pan Fried Chicken and it was just okay. The first thing I sampled was my mashed potatoes.. which were very lukewarm. Same for the mixed veggies (which were otherwise quite tasty)/ We waited about 5 minutes for Katie to come back and check so I could let her know, but got bored of it, and finished eating my now even colder plate. They have a good portion size, not too much and the price would have been okay if my food had been served correctly (or even corrected). My meal came with a cinnamon roll which was really yummy and so was the red velvet cake we had for dessert. Definitely the best parts of my meal. (Dessert probably would have been better with coffee... if our server had been around to take our order..) I kind of go back and forth between 2 and 3 stars, but I feel like 3 stars would be saying I'd go back and give it another go... and I doubt I will. The stars say it all: Meh, I've experienced better.
4	I consistently enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen, even in uncomfortable circumstances (long story). This last time was no exception.We started with "white" sangria, which none of us had heard of before, despite prior visits. The "white" is a pinot grigio so it was an easy decision to order the pitcher. The sangria was delightful - we didn't quite finish the wine, but the pitcher-ful of fruit was polished off.My swordfish tacos were delicious and filling. My friend's fried chicken (a special) was good but a bit dry. I suggested gelato after dinner; no one had room.Service was a bit inattentive. The table seated after us received menus, waters and had their order taken before we had a server approach the table. After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.The atmosphere at Chelsea's is good, as others have pointed out. It's a great place to hang out. The setting is beautiful. I will return.
5	Move to PHX about 9 months and I have become a HUGE fan of Chelsea's and the entire LGO company.  I dine out almost every night and most times it is good, but Chelsea's is like no other.  Great food, Great and Friendly Service and an atmosphere that is to die for.  Thank you for bring such a great restaurant to the Arcadia area! Fan For life!
4	Skeptical diner at Chelsea's Kitchen in Phoenix but was proven wrong.  Reminds me a lot of North located in Scottsdale and Tucson.  Great spot for a happy hour, date or a family dinner.  Had an excellent tuna and spinach salad with spicy ginger dressing.  Found the service to be quite good and a very comfortable/relaxed atmosphere.  A spot like this was needed in that Camelback location.
1	It was the service, not the food that was terrible.     I ate at the bar, as I frequently do.    The server could not have been less interested in me.     Asked for my drink order as she was sprinting away...took my meal order as she was sprinting away again....neglected to give me a set-up (napkin, knife, fork) so I had to filch one from a nearby table...failed to notice my empty glass.And gave me the wrong order.    As she later explained,  she simply didn't listen.     The "right" order eventually came... but not the way I had ordered it.     OK, they did comp me on the meal.     And she did apologize....sort of.     But I had to wonder if the mix-up was due to the fact that I was the lone female diner in a steady stream of males.      So, ladies, forewarned  is forarmed.
4	I "did" lunch yesterday at Chelsea's Kitchen with Nikki B from Dallas, Stephanie I from San Fran, and a new foodie friend.  I chose Chelsea's because of my previous experiences there - CK has always been a go-to place with a consistently fun atmosphere, attentive service, and delicious food.  Yesterday was no exception!We started with an order of shrimp ceviche for the table. I've had it before and it was just as delicious yesterday as I remember... I love all of the ingredients (avocados, tomatoes, jicama and lime juice) and the lightly salted tortilla chips it comes with are the perfect compliment.  I ordered the Del Mar Salad (gulf shrimp & jumbo lump crab on shredded iceberg with avocado, pico de gallo and olives).  The others at the table had the short rib tacos (see Stephanie's pic above), the ahi tacos, and the brussel sprout salad... I was full after eating all of my food and tasting some of theirs.  But when the table ordered a red velvet cake for dessert (see pic above), I looked at it and I knew I need to have just one bite.  Mmmm - it was heavenly!Our waiter, Stephen, was pretty heavenly too... :)I am sure I will return again and again - thanks CK!
4	Good Arcadia/Biltmore area place that's in a neat setting off 40th St. and Camelback - you know, behind the gas station. The place is very popular and packed at lunch and early for dinner. Come at 11:30 or 1 or expect to wait and have to valet if the lot is not full. Food has been consistently good, fresh and well portioned. Place is loud and casual but upscale. I described it to one person as the kind of healthy fashionable place where the wives, mistresses and exes of all the guys eating at Houston's are eating ( I pause here to make a cougar claw motion with my hand), when they are not clogging up Postino's parking lot or backing into my f*cking car at La Grande Orange. They even have some similar menu items and do upscale "American" grill food like salads, burgers, pasta and the other usual suspects with a couple of surprises thrown in. The nice thing about the kind of generic menu is that there is something on it for every taste and dietary restriction no matter how fussy. I'll clarify, I don't use "generic" in the pejorative sense, I'm just saying they have all the usual stuff of a place of this type. Lots of loose action in the house here.
4	SOOOO a date takes me to Chelseas Kitchen.. and its a good thing..bc since I wasnt sure of him..the atmospere is lively..so if the date bombs you have that! I loved the Sangrias and the food... and the atmosphere... Had the tuna tartare... perfect... I only had comparable in Maui... Pretty good to me considering its the desert! The Del Mar Salad with shrimp and crab was excellent... My date had scallops and Im not a fan..but they were cooked the way they should be... The waiter was attentive..if not TOO attentive..but to me thats the LGO way... He was just a bit hyper ... ordered a white wine with dinner..but kept going back for more white sangrias...
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you Gabi K for taking us here! Excellent choice, and I will definitely request Chelsea's next time I come visit.We arrived just after 11 and told the hostess we had a reservation, but she turned up her nose and said 1) they normally don't seat incomplete parties; and 2) they don't usually take reservations. Something must have quickly changed her mind, because she led us to a table in back. As noon came closer and closer, I soon understood her reasons...this place must be THE place to have lunch.We were still stuffed from breakfast, but after taking a peek at the menu I forgot all about the egg sandwiches we sharing earlier. Appetizers, anyone? Why of course...let's have the ceviche! It was fresh, with a perfect balance of seafood and fresh avocado, lime and spices.For an entree, I chose the grilled ahi tuna taco platter. It was like an explosion of flavor in my mouth. I felt a little bad for my table guests, because I rarely spoke as my mouth was full every time I looked up. The tuna couldn't have been cooked more perfect...and that chipotle aoili was UH-MAZING.I tried my hardest to finish and managed to somehow fit almost everything in my stomach. When the dessert menu came around, I reluctantly declined a sweet I think for the first time in my life. I'm still kicking my own arse for not sucking it up and sinking my fork into the shared red velvet cake (made fresh daily).Thank gawd I was wearing a loose sundress that day is all I can say.
5	My parents flew in from the SF Bay Area, and I couldn't wait to take them here. It was the first time we brought our four year old along for the experience. We had a beautiful table outside - the plants around us were in full bloom, and the food was (as usual) perfect and magical. My step-mom has gone to culinery school, and is one of the best people I know at name-that-ingredient game. She also is the biggest stickler on good service - hates being overly tended to or ignored. She was so blown away by the food, service, and atmosphere that she actually weeped happy tears of joy - I have never seen this happen before, except when our daughter was born. This place is seriously the best!
3	I'm a fan of Chelsea's Kitchen. Their outdoor patio is well designed and the bar service is excellent. That being said I think the food is a bit overpriced. Went for lunch yesterday, I had the french dip and my dining partner got the ahi tuna tacos. Both meals were delicious; I especially enjoyed the fresh made corn tortillas with the tacos. 2 people for lunch and a bill over $40 bucks - Not so impressed. They have sangria though, so I am going to have to go back when I am not on lunch. Kicking back on the patio with a tall sangria sounds wonderful (in a few weeks when it is not 100 at night).
4	This is a solid restraunt for a very nice lunch or a good dinner.  Great atmosphere and everything is a little better there.
4	This is a little pricey for lunch, but if you have an expense account, what the heck.   i have eaten here several times, as our HQ is next door, so its convenient.  Fish tacos are incredible.  Not a bad mral in the house.   Great looking staff and good looking crowd for HH.
4	It may have taken fifteen months for my husband and I to make it back over to Chelsea's Kitchen, but it was definitely worth the wait. We brought some friends visiting from Ohio to Chelsea's Saturday night for dinner and all four of us left full and happy. When we arrived, we were told if we wanted to sit on the patio, we could be seated immediately, but for inside there was about a 10 minute wait. We decided to wait and sure enough about ten minutes later we were sat at a table. We skipped appetizers to save room for dessert after reading the menu. The beer selection is small as a warning. For dinner, our friends had the salmon special and the ribeye tacos. They both enjoyed their meals, although the salmon special was just a piece of salmon and a small spinach salad. No rice or anything else with it. That was a bit disappointing. My husband had the halibut special which came with rice and a vegetable - a much more substantial plate than the salmon special. He really liked his choice. I had the fried chicken and mashed potatoes - yum! The chicken was moist and delicious, and the breading was not over powering or greasy as sometimes it can be with fried chicken. The potatoes could have been a bit more whipped, but they still were amazing. On my previous visit to Chelsea's, I had the caesar salad which was good. The four of us decided to split two desserts so we had the chocolate destruction (chocolate mousse cake with an oreo crust) and the ice cream sundae. For the sundae, they basically brought you a sundae bar to the table - you get a side of caramel, side of hot fudge, sprinkles, chocolate and peanut butter chips, crushed oreos, and nuts - which I think is a great idea. The chocolate mousse cake was heavenly and I'm so glad we all split it or I would have devoured it myself.Parking at Chelsea's is complimentary valet. The food is good and when it's a reasonable temperature out, the patio is nice to sit on (we ate on the patio the first time we visited Chelsea's). Definitely a solid restaurant - I just wish we made it over to that area more.
5	Chelsea's Kitchen is among my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  The food is always good and I love the atmosphere on the patio.  The brussel sprout salad is a winner.  However, I am in love with the red velvet cake.
3	Last year I had the most amazing Eggs Benedict I have ever encountered. Chelsea's kitchen used mouthwatering shredded pork and a lemon poppy hollandaise instead of Canadian Bacon an a standard hollandaise.  It was to die for (see pic). Recently however, I have discovered that their new menu has reverted back to the standard eggs benedict which is a horrible shame. Why would one choose to go from exceptional to run of the mill? Boo Chelsea's Kitchen.. Boo
3	This place has a great menu, so great that I stared at it and had no idea what to get because there were so many good looking options. For an app I settled on the tuna tartare and guacamole. It was pretty good and the chips that came with it were also pretty good. For my meal I ordered the short rib tacos, which I was very excited about, I thought they were good, but I definitely expected better. I also was able to try the filet, which had a really good first bite, but strangely it lost  flavor by the end. The reason I gave it 3 stars was because I didn't think the food was that great. I have been eating out at least once a week for a pretty long time now, so I definitely expected better. The service was very good and I liked the decor of the restaurant, I just didn't think the food was that good.
4	Went to Chelsea's Kitchen for the second time this past weekend.  I wanted to try it again to be sure that my first experience was as good as I had remembered it. It was so I have deemed it review worthy. Saturday night it was crowded but we felt comfortable sitting at the bar and enjoying some sparkling lemonades while we waited.  The wait was about 25 mins but it went by quickly and when finally seated I found the service to be good. The food was good, not memorable but good. I had crispy chicken and my companion had the short rib tacos.  The chicken was prepared well and the rib tacos looked good as well.  I like Chelsea's Kitchen and would recommend it.
5	Chelsea's is the place to go for impecable,  non pushy service.  Let say that eat out almost nightly and last night at Chelsea's was one of the best experiences I have had.  My evening started at the bar having a cocktail waiting for my and the bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive.  When my girlfriend arrived I checked in with hostess, who by the way was smiling ear to ear.  She stated that she had a table available either on the patio or in the inside, we choose the patio. From this moment on everything was almost to good to be true. Our server was attentive but not invasive, the food, don't get me started! I will say this... If u have not tried chelsea's Kitchen, then you have not experience amazing food and great service.This foodie is now hooked on Chelsea's and I will be there  every week for my fish tacos, and red velvet cake! Thanks for the great time!
3	Sunday brunch at C's K gave us very, very good service but disappointing food.  This was my second time eating there - last time was brunch too - and I really enjoy the wait staff who are both friendly and very good at what they do.  We didn't get rushed to finish up, and the coffee/tea refills kept coming even after we paid the bill.  Unfortunately, the food was just not executed that well.  I ordered an omelette with spinach and gruyere cheese (sounds good, doesn't it? :-)  The eggs were overcooked on the outside, the cheese was gloppy on the inside and made the omelette very greasy, and the spinach were large leaves left whole that were overpowering.  Looked like it had been sitting a while before I got it.  Others at our table had food issues consistent with mine (cooked wrong then not brought out while fresh).  As much as I enjoy the service, I don't know how loudly I'm going to clamor for Chelsea's Kitchen next time we choose a brunch spot.
3	I have eaten here numberous times for dinner ( and have enjoyed it!) but this was my first brunch here on a Sunday. I was hoping that the pancakes would be light, fluffy and out of this world but they were not. They were rich and heavy. A bit greasy. Not for me. The Chi Tea Latte was advertised as the best ever (or something like that) but I didn't agree. I think I will keep Chelsea's Kitchen for dinner but I probably won't return for their hot cakes.
5	This place ROCKS!! Food is great, atmosphere is also great.  I've ate here a few times.  I live in Tempe, so it is a little drive, but definitely worth it.
5	One of my faves! The short ribs with the egg on top...sublime.the fish tacos-the best. I love the atmosphere and the server's are great.
5	I absolutley LOVE Chelsea's Kitchen! I can't believe I lived across the street from them for 8 months before eating their delicious-ness!My fiance's brother and sister-in-law came over to our apartment and we were deciding on a place to eat and drink that wasn't too far so someone could still drive us home (we like to eat, drink and be merry). My future brother-in-law suggested Chelsea's Kitchen since it's literally across the street, obviously within walking distance, that way no one has to drive. So we trekked across the street and into a gorgeous restaurant. It was a Friday night, but for some reason it wasn't very busy so we were seated right away. Our server was a tall, strawberry-blonde type that made the whole experience even better. I think at one point we even invited him to sit and have a drink with us.We started with a pitcher of the white sangria, which is made fresh daily (along with all their food), and soon found ourselves ordering another....and another. It was so refreshing on a hot summers night, we just couldn't resist.I ordered the Short Rib taco platter, which was absolutely to-die-for! The ribs were so tender, and the fresh homemade corn tortillas were perfect! The plate also comes with black beans and rice, guacamole, salsa fresca and sour creme. I couldn't even finish it all.We all ordered something different so that we could all try each others, but I honestly can't remember what my fiance, or my future brother and sister-in-law ordered. That probably has something to do with the large amounts of sangria I was drinking.Anyway, we went back again just a few weeks ago and had the pleasure of sitting out on their back patio. I definitely suggest waiting for a seat out there. The ambiance they create with the trees and lighting is perfect for a date, or double-date night. We again started with a pitcher of the sangria at the bar while we waited for a table to open on this busier saturday evening. We were seated within the 20 minutes they promised and got the Brussels Sprout Salad to start off our eating pleasures.I'd never really like Brussels Sprouts and was hesitant at first to try it, but when it arrived at the table I was amazed at how green and fresh it looked that I couldn't help myself. That salad has raised the bar on my Brussels sprouts eating for sure!We LOVE Chelsea's Kitchen and I definitely recommend you eat and drink and be merry here!
5	Well, it happened. Somewhere along the way, I turned 23. It happened without fanfare, or angels descending from the heavens with rare Tori Amos bootlegs. In fact, it passed quietly, with a certain stately dignity, marked only by the receipt of some not-so-modest gifts and some co-workers taking me (and a few other co-workers with October birthdays) to Chelsea's Kitchen for lunch. Oh, and my boyfriend baked me a cake. And decorated it. And is the most wonderful and amazing boyfriend, ever. But this isn't his review, so the lovebird shout-outs stop here. I promise.Chelsea's Kitchen is just "the cuteness." I know that, unlike my birthday, the phrase "the cuteness" is devoid of all dignity. I know this. But, the fact remains: Chelsea's Kitchen is "the cuteness." The landscaping and decorative touches outside, (the little pond! the lovely patio), to the bright and rich interior...I pretty much knew I'd like it when we were walking up. Note: many reviews mention that it is a cutthroat parking situation during lunchtime. My work caravan arrived at around 12:15, and parking was easy. Maybe we were lucky. Maybe it's not actually that bad most of the time. I don't know!Our waiter was friendly and courteous, and attentive without being overbearing. He kept the Arnold Palmers coming, which was much appreciated. Speaking of the Arnold Palmers, they were awesome. I know it's just lemonade and iced tea with a wrinkled little mint leaf floating on top, but, damn. I was hitting them, and I was hitting them hard. I might've just been in a cheery mood and feeling overly generous, but they were totally the tastiest Arnold Palmers I've ever had. I eat red meat very sparingly, but the Green Chile Burger was too tempting to pass up. And, guess what. I ordered it...medium well! My mother instilled me with a fear of Ecoli so strong and persistent that I have never ordered a burger or any other cut of meat without making sure that it would be "well done." This was a momentous occasion, but I kept my triumph to myself. Why share my crazy with my innocent co-workers? Gotta save this weird shit for Yelp. The burger was delicious. I don't really even like burgers, and I thought it was super tasty. The fries are seasoned, crisp, and equally tasty. Paired with an Arnold Palmer from the gods, I was a happy little birthday clam. The desserts were tempting, but we were all stuffed and ready to head back to the daily grind. Even the kids menu looked pretty good. PBJ sushi? Cuteness! "The cuteness," to be exact.Pricey for lunch, but worth it, I think. I can't wait to bring my boyfriend.
4	The first time I dined at Chelsea's Kitchen I was not impressed. The second time, Chelsea's Kitchen redeemed themselves. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and the surprise of the night was a Screaming Monkey. Yum! Sweet martini with slices of green chile. It was so good I ordered two! Will definitely be back.
4	Short ribs were great. Cool atmosphere indoors & out.
3	I personally think this place is CRAZY overrated.  Decent Houston's knockoff atmosphere, forgettable food (sorry, but their fried chicken is a joke) and nothing else of note.  I think people just like the location...
4	great taco platters, mothership on tap, fabulous patio. this is a wonderful place to go in the valley, i would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone, you gotta try it.
5	Had a great lunch here today. We arrived at 10:45am, and they were kind enough to seat us before the kitchen opened at 11:00am.The service was very good, decor top notch, and the prices very reasonable for the quality of the food. One of the best French Dip Sandwiches I have ever had. The menu is very simple with just a few choices... I have noticed that places who try to serve every dish for every taste only do so half-ass.Really nice outdoor patio too!
5	My daughter recommended this restaurant so we decided to give it a try.We met some friends for our annual New Year's dinner at 7:30 PM. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table and the maitre d' comp us with chips and dip. Three of is ordered the Chilled Shrimp Ceviche which was out of this world. I was expecting raw fish, but it had lots of shrimp with avocado, jicama and tomatoes. My wife had the TUNA TARTARE & GUACAMOLE made with fresh tuna, radish, soy-lemon vinaigrette and another person had the LGO CAESAR salad with whole leaf romaine, reggiano parmesan.The gals ordered a bottle of Pino Noir and two of us had lemonade which was a bit tart, but better than sweeten with sugar.For our entree, I had Chelsea's short ribs which I thought I was going to fight getting the meat off the bone. Surprise, surprise...this was the best tender short rib that I had in my LIFE. It was amazing and tasty. The prime rib and 'filet on the bone' looked "OH SO GOOD". There were no complaints whatsoever.The wives had two orders of the roasted chicken and lobster taco. One of the ladies found uncooked chicken towards the bone. She just told the Christina, our waitress and a few minutes later the maitre d' came by and gave her a $20 gift card.We ordered the apple tart and red velvet cake and coffee. The coffee was freshly made at our table with a 'coffee press'. I was very impressed with the service and the food. We will definitely be back.
3	I came here with my folks after they picked me up from the airport for the beginning of my chilaxin vacation over the holidays.Brussell Sprout salad is tastey and a good way to start the meal.  Nothing jumped out at me on the menu so I went with the burger.  Was pretty good nothing special.  Decor is nice.  Outside patio and bar is really well done. Maybe I'm down on the spot because they took away the off track betting?Not sure if it's because I left AZ so long ago but the main reason I was disappointed is because of the price.  Better quality food in SF seems cheaper than Chelsea's kitchen.  Not sure why it is so expensive AZ.  Also, why the hell is there valet in Arizona?  There is a huge parking lot contigous with the restaraunt.  I know the valet parking is free but seriously.  I just had to get that off my chest.
5	Brunch for two on a Sunday...All on the positive...great atmosphere, service was prompt and polite, pressed coffee was good, the breakfast was above average...Chelsea's hotcakes & bacon, the Chilaquiles were outstanding!   We will be back when in the Phx area.  :)
5	Living next to my favorite restaurant puts a real dent into my wallet, but it's worth it. I first tried Chelsea's Kitchen three years ago and I still can't stop myself from going back. They have the best shoe string french fries a girl could ask for with some BBQ rub seasoning that leaves you licking your fingers to the very last fry. When I first started going there I had to try their cheeseburger and I couldn't put the juicy burger down. Now, my obsession is the Brussels Sprout Salad....with maybe a starter of french fries...sorry, it's just too hard! The salad has a great, fresh dressing while still tasting the delicious bite of the Brussels sprout.The wait staff in the first two years were patient and attentive. Lately, it hasn't been at it's best, but hopefully it will get better in the new year.My family and friends haunt this place regularly and we have tried everything. I also recommend trying Dr. B.'s Vegetarian Tacos...well because they're good first off and second off it's my best friend's dad. And he definitely deserves to have this meal dedicated to him.  The decor is perfect for us Arcadia kids and parents and disguises the canal well. Love you Cheslea's Kitchen!!!
5	This was our second evening at Chelsea's Kitchen.  It was outstanding!  The tuna tar-tar was amazing.  We had the fish tacos and the scallops special - all perfect portions and cooked perfectly.  The staff at Chelsea's Kitchen is so pleasant - it makes the evening great.  We finished off the evening with the red velvet cake - what a treat.  Kate, the assistant manager, was gracious and remembered us from the last time we were there over 2 months ago.  Overall - an outstanding evening - great food - great friends - great staff.  Thank you Chelsea's Kitchen!!
4	Love their burgers!  The hosts and servers are always super nice and on top of it.Environment and decor is great.  It is very loud and hard to hear people in a group of 4 or more...so larger groups sit outside to be able to talk amongst yourselves.
4	Friday evenings are busy, but we found a seat at the bar, and started working on a pitcher of their tasty white sangria before being seated at a table on the awesome patio, right by the fire. Even though it's crowded,  the overall vibe is warm, friendly, fun, and the ambiance is great. The food, as always, was delicious.
2	Chelsea.. tonight your gonna rate a 2.. heres why.. I rave and rave about your sangrias and apps to my Mark.. so we head there on his bday weekend.. no wait for the uber cool patio.. order a pitcher of sangria.. and nachitos.. Well, first off.. the sangria pitcher was half fruit.. Ive never had that in the past.. and I swear there wasnt hardly any wine in the thing.. because Im a super lightweight and didnt feel a thing.. Not that thats the reason I go to get sangrias, but cmon! And the taste was just off.. The nachos didnt have alot of 'stuff' on them.. havent had that in the past either.. and the waitress messed up the order.. the girl who delivered the nachos quickly remedied it.. but nonetheless.. maybe next time..
4	I've never been done wrong at Chelsea's. But I've never been utterly wowed either. The food is consistently good, the service and atmosphere are top notch and it's in a great location, but I can't seem to give them five stars.  I have always gotten their tacos and most recently tried the seared ahi ones that our server said were only on the lunch menu but I could get for dinner. The ahi was perfectly done and tasted great but didn't really jive with the soft taco fixins. Still it was tasty and I ate and liked it. JD had a cheeseburger that he described as "meh, not as good as Delux (his gold standard)". Maybe my only thing against  Chelsea's is that it has yet to serve me anything so special to make me YEARN to go back again. If someone suggests it for dinner I'm all in, but would I ever be the suggestee? Nope probably not. Perhaps I should try something new the next time I go and I just might fall for Chelsea's a little harder, but for now she's just an acquaintance that I don't talk bad about but neither do I praise.
4	When I review, it's very dish based, and if a favored dish disappears off the menu, I feel restaurant betrayal... for a long time, that was the case for me and my love for Chelsea's Kitchen. But I have returned, up for trying something new, equipped with yelped suggestions and an awesome dining buddy, I made a reservation and headed over.Being a transplanted Phoenician, I hate valet parking... even if complimentary, I just prefer self parking... LUCKILY, I got the last parking space:) I have to say, watching the Valet was like watching a well oiled machine... very quick and they always asked each group waiting for their cars how their dining experience was. Service done right!That is something I can also say about the service once I walked INSIDE Chelsea's. They seated us right down on our reservation rights and our waitress for the night was attentive, but not too attentive, chatty, but not too chatty. Water glasses were always filled and questions always answered and half orders even offered up. LOVE the service there! And that's coming from a person who usually doesn't care for service--Food trumps service for me, but when service is outstanding, it's plain as day and greatly appreciated!So the dish I LOVED when Chelsea's first opened with their Chicken dinner complete with mashed potatoes, I think corn was on the plate as well and a cinnamon roll... YES, cinnamon roll. I believe they still have the chicken, but the roll has rolled off the plate:( I know to most it may have looked strange, but it was like having a free dessert and I MISS it so! And I wonder if the chicken is the same... crispy skin with juicy meat inside and generous portions? I hope so, though I spied a few "chicken was dry" reports on yelp that make me veer away from ordering it again.The menu has always been difficult for me because I'm not one to order tacos or burgers, for which Chelsea's is well known. And other things on the menu sound tasty but then there's the "except for." Case in point: Attempting to share the Wedge Salad was difficult because of the Blue cheese involved... I'm particular about cheese, preferring milder flavors like Mozzarella. In asking my fellow foodies at work what they loved they screamed Seafood tacos... swordfish, scallops, Lobster. And I was ready to do it to take that Chelsea's taco plunge, but my buddy had a better idea: Sharing the Chefs Short Ribs and Mash... Crisp but not burnt on the outside and soft on the inside. It was like the perfect dinner roll, Beef-style! It came with 4 portions so perfect to split in two.For an appetizer, I do love their Nachitos. It was warm and refreshing at the same time and definitely could make a meal all on it's own.For dessert, can't say I remember anything being to die for... or rather, having ROOM for dessert outside of the Cinnamon Roll, BUT I can say great things about the Dessert Martinis... My partner in crime had to try the Espresso or Chocolate Martini... she couldn't decide and asked if she could blend the Godiva Chocolate Liquor with a hit of Espresso... Our waitress gladly asked the bartender and we got it + overage. We toasted to a good meal she, with her Martini Glass and I with the extra 'tini in the cap of the shaker. That drink is DANGEROUS. Tastes harmless but could get you pretty tipsy.Lastly, ambiance... I love it... with it's fire places and warm wood and brick accents It makes me feel like I'm somewhere else in the US, somewhere colder where you want to stay inside and sit by the fire. Definitely a nice place to bring your folks when they visit or for a lovely date or dinner with a good friend.Next up for me, is a brunch visit! I wonder if I can order off the kids menu... Lil monkey pancakes and PB&J sushi? I'm Kid menu jealous!P.S. Kids eat FREE everyday 3pm to 6pm and Happy Hour 3pm to 6pm - 7 Days a Week... now that's a plus!
4	Delish! I really liked this Chelsea's we ate on the patio and it was beautiful. The food was really good I had the fillet tacos and they were perfect! The key lime pie was the best I've ever had and the service was great!
3	Whether lunch, happy hour or dinner, Chelsea's is always packed. Seems like a lot of business-type lunches during the week, which means tables turn pretty quickly. I enjoy sitting out on the patio during the spring, it's so nice out. The Ahi is always right on. I love the French Dip. Fries. The chips. And the service seems to be always consistently on target. Why don't I give it more stars? I haven't ever had any one thing jump out at me. It's just an A-OK place, like the stars say.
4	Went for brunch while visting Phoenix for day.  Overall decor and patio are great.  Friendly staff.  Brunch menu is somewhat limited but know that you can order off the lunch menu where most of the items are avaialble.   Chilaquiles was excellent with good spice and lots of flavor.  Veggie burger was a bit messy but taste and texture were excellent.  Fries good but not great.
4	I really like the ambiance of this restaurant with the indoor outdoor bar and the rotating brisket in the outside window display which motivates you to eat before you even get in the front door. Beef Short Ribs where delicious my wife and I had a couple great salads and the Sangria? Our tab was over $100.00 with tip so its definately not cheap but still very nice. A great place to take your lovely lady for a really nice lunch or dinner but be prepared for a crowd.
3	I've been to Chelsea's half a dozen times or so, which is infrequent compared to my appearences at other places in the area.Why, you ask?1.  Parking.  It SUCKS and half the lot is blocked for valet, even on a Tuesday.  This being 2010, I use a debit card for most of my transactions.  I don't have cash to tip a valet.  I understand its a small lot for a place that busy, so take this complaint with a grain of salt.2.  Some Pretentiousness.  Somehow Chelsea's didn't get the laid-back vibe of the other restaurants in their empire.  I went on a Tuesday last week, after work, a few minutes before my wife, who was coming from 24th/Camelback, and they wouldn't seat me.  Ever hear the phrase "It's not what you say, its how you say it"?  Well, the attitude with which I was told I wouldn't be seated literally ruined my dinner.  I've never punched anyone before, but I briefly considered it that Tuesday night.  And I think 2/3 of the crowd was lawyers just getting off work, dining with other lawyers, who still had that "holier than thou" attitude.  While waiting for my table this one fat guy bumped into me three different times without so much as an excuse me.  Its not like I jumped out at him - I was standing in the same spot for 15 minutes.  But I take comfort in the fact that he was obese and I am not.The Good:1.  They were extremely open to changes in the dishes.  BIG kudos for that.2.  The food is great.  Some advice:  "Medium" salmon is equivalent to "half-raw."  I now know to order it well done.3.  The sell a 10 oz glass of wine. 4.  Cool spot, nice patio.
5	This is one of my all time favorite places to eat!  The fried chicken is amazing.  Great service and wonderful management!
4	Anyone who gives out freshly-baked cookies for FREE gets a nod from me!  And, since Husband is Gluten-free, I always get to eat his too... a definite win-win.We've dragged the child here on two occasions - brunch and dinner.  While it isn't really the right atmosphere if you have a loud or very "busy" child, ours is pretty accustomed to the restaurant "drill" by now and is generally good, as long as we keep the food a'comin'.  I have to say, Chelsea's kitchen was more than friendly with our little guy and their kids' menus and plates are super cute!  As far as the adult food goes, we've been really happy with everything we've tried.  Stand-outs have been the brussel sprout salad, veggie burger, and their killer wild-rice salad.  I loved their simple omelet and pomegranate mimosa for breakfast, and Husband thought this chiaquiles were pretty good (however, Gallo Blanco has them beat here).  I ordered a (probably) yummy posole on one visit, and made the mistake of squeezing the lime into it before tasting it first - WHOA!  Apparently, they had already seasoned it perfectly before bringing it out... and I sort-of ruined it with overwheming limeyness.  The waitress offered a couple of times to bring out a new one... but I felt compelled to eat it anyways, since the mistake was my own.  I really appreciated their offer, though.The restaurant ad patio are just gorgeous.  A large, roaring fire is the perfect backdrop for a meal.  I would definitely recommend Chelsea's for a romantic, child-free evening.  We always time our visits at non-peak hours, so we haven't experienced much of the normal atmosphere, but have had solid service and darn good food both times... next time: fried chicken!
3	Nice patio, good food, and good service.  I'm not over-the-top on this place, but it's good to go there every once in awhile.  I think they cater to a slightly older demographic (say 30-60).  Put it this way, my parents love this place, we just like it.  If the vibe was a little bit younger and hipper, I would have given it four stars.
5	I have to say literally every time I dine here I have a wonderful experience! The food is consistently delicious, fun atmosphere, beautiful restaurant and great service, what else can you ask for? The pan-fried chicken with the sweet, cinnamon roll thing, are you kidding me? so good! The chips and guacamole is always a crowd pleaser.  If you go on the weekend prepare to wait but stop by the inside/outside bar and grab a margarita and it's all good. I don't usually get dessert but our party decided to split a few and the red velvet cake was to die for! Key Lime pie pretty darn delicious too! If you haven't been to Chelsea's stop what you're doing and go, now!
4	I hadn't been here to Chelsea's for awhile.  I didn't realize it had become such a meeting place with the weather so nice and their huge patio.  Their service was better than good and can't complain about the food and there was plenty of it.  For some reason wasn't thrilled with the place today.  Maybe just my attitude.  I will go back.
3	Bar and Patio a solid 4 stars.  Food and restaurant 2 stars. (4+2)/2 = 3 stars.  The cocktails are good, but the food completely uninspired.
5	Top 4 Cheeseburgers in town!Great outdoor patio.  Even if seated inside, the architecture flows to their private, twinkle lit patio.  A+ Margaritas.  Great tacos.  The prices are a bit high, but you get what you pay for these days.
5	We have been here 3 times.  These have been our observations:Pros:Great ServiceGreat desertsGreat TacosCons:Average BurgerA little on the pricey sideWe went on Easter for Brunch and had a five star experince.  3 of us shared a pitcher of Sangria, Tuna Tartar (AMAZING) and 3 breakfast plates.  The chilaqilies are to die for!!!!  All the for $75 before tip.
5	chelsea's has it going on: atmosphere, food, service... it's all right on time. the slow roasting pork that you see as you walk around the side of the restaurant is enticing enough. really makes you think about late night vandalism... a big, dripping pork shoulder just mocking you before you even step foot inside the place.i had a burger with caramelized red onions and i added a green chile. it was good, but i have to say that it didn't quite stand up to the Yardhouse green chile burger. the fries are perfect - not too thick, crispy, and right on point with seasoning.my only qualm is a wider beer selection, but who can really complain that much when the food is so spectacular. i'm anxious to make it back for brunch...
3	One of my coworkers has mentioned Chelsea's more than once and after a morning of walking dogs at AAWL, I shot up 40th street to try Chelsea's.The interior is contemporary and open, the bar seating is interior but open to the patio.  The patio has several tables and umbrellas but I can see how it can fill quick.  I arrived at around 1140, they were still serving brunch (which I believe is served till 2 on both saturday and sundays).  Not really feeling what I saw on the brunch menu, I asked for a lunch/full menu.  I ordered a  white sangria which was refreshing and served with crisp apple slices and juicy sections of orange.  I finally decided on the Howie Burger cooked medium.  It is served with a nice gruyere cheese carmelized onions and a dijon sauce.   I was expecting the onions to be more simple and not marinated with a balsamic vinegar and I found the dijon sauce excessive and rather sweet.  I can't complain too much the burger patty itself was cooked perfectly medium as ordered.  All said and done I wish I had ordered the regular burger.
4	Food is always fresh and terrific at Chlesea's. We sat inside last night, so the only thing that could be improved on is ventilation sometimes. Our hair smelled a bit smoky. I had the Brussels Sprout salad and roasted chicken. The chicken was moist and lovely. Our waiter was super accommodating and friendly. Love this place.
1	What a disappointment. First off they have a parking lot, but it is VALET PARKING. Can't just drive in an park it is all roped off. Ordered rotiserie pork tacos, yuk hunks of   fattty greasy  meat..  I would have thought sheredded.Uncomfortalbe  high stool chairs to sit on with a table that every time you touched it, it leaned way over.  Could not be fixed - we tried putting a knife under the table
4	To me, there are few finer patios in all of Phoenix than the one at Chelsea's!! Great ambiance, good jams and most importantly, yummy food! So I end up at Chelsea's at least once every two weeks, so I'll highlight some of my favs... Wine list - yes, their selections are bit pricey, but there are some hard to find bottles on that menu that are simply wonderful!! The Argyle Brut Rose that is only available at Sportsmans etc for half the year is always on the list and it does not disappoint! Bella Glos, Seghesio, Summerland and the Sinister's Hand - what could be better! I'm getting thirsty just thinking about it! For food - love the shrimp ceviche, although I wish they would ix nay the olives as they are a weird addition, but I just eat around them! Love all the tacos, the prime rib is delish and the rotisserie chicken - TDF! Don't forget your sides too at only $3 each!! How can you skip the french fries (extra crispy, extra ketchup!), mac and cheese and usually the farmer's market veggies?? Fabulous (said like Oprah!)My most recent discovery yesterday was off the brunch menu - the chilaquiles!! WOW!! It is described as Mexican lasagna, but it is so freaking good and so much more that that! I'm usually part of the clean half your plate club, but this dish I showed no mercy! Amazing! Andddd, my review of Chelsea's would not be complete without a full nod to my favorite - the brussel sprout salad (add chicken!)! Simple, light, delightful! It really is a gem! My only knocks are that they don't take reservations for groups of less than 6 or 8 (I can never remember) and it's annoying for the GF BF that their corn tortillas have flour in them (no Chilaquilies for him!). Other than that, it's a dream that I hope to see again very soon! Don't forget to grab a salty, chewy cookie on the way out!!
4	Very cool and urban.  Comfort food with a modern twist, awesome patio and bar, the BEST service in town.  The only reason I didn't do 5 stars was it is a little pricey for what you get and bar staff did not share the same great attitude as the waitstaff.   Great for people watching.  People that put on airs are so entertaining!    This is a must do.  I really like this place.    I honestly question the person that reviewed a few reviews ahead of mine.  An agenda or a poor attitude, unsure which, but they are not being objective.
3	So not impressed..I hope  that  this is only a result from going on Mother's Day.  We had reservations but got  there early .. thought maybe they could seat us ...nope in fact they seated us late and  appeared to seat other  foursomes sooner ...weird ..when I finally went to "check "  they suddenly were seating us.. hmm. Our waitress seemed to keep disappearing and we had to wrangle up other servers for refills, sauces, questions ,water  , she never seem to be there... chips and salsa took forever to arrive .   I am really surprised that there wasn't a busboy type just refilling glasses. For  a special day it seems to be a good investment.For the cost and the reputation I thought we'd have an outstanding meal .  Wrong ..the best thing at the table was my daughters french fries    and the guacamole..  My short rib tacos tasted bland , no spice , with blackened bland tortillas  nothing special... Mom's salad wasn't rinsed properly and by  the end of the meal it  had a lake swishing around the bottom of her plate..  Yuk. For the hassle of valet only parking , late reservations , and okay food it just wasn't worth it.
3	This is a pretty solid place that serves consistently good food.  I've been here about a dozen times most recently being last Friday night.  I do have several gripes about this place though.  First off, I know it isn't their fault that they are so busy and have a small parking lot, but I HATE places that force valet parking upon you.  Secondly, the place is so frikkin loud.  Also, I don't like that they don't have a soda fountain.  Instead, they give you cans of diet coke at like $3 a pop.  Finally, I think their prices are a WAY steep for what you get, but I don't blame them considering the well-heeled crowd that the place attracts.Anyway, about the food:* Shrimp Ceviche = pretty good, decent amount of shrimp, but needs more flavor or spice or something.* Wedge Salad = excellent!  You can even get it chopped which I love and is very unique.* The Howie Burger = pretty good and looks to be freshly made.  It is no LGO burger though...not nearly as good.  The fries are ok.  They put some kind of seasoning on them that tastes familiar but I can't place it.  I think the fries would be better without all the seasoning though.  Pretty good aioli too.* Short Ribs = I've had these several times and they are always very good.The service is normally pretty good as they are very helpful and friendly.  However, the service can be a bit slow and forgetful when it gets busy which is almost always.Pro Tip:  They seem to take reservations for 6 or more.  So, even if you have 4 or 5, just say you have 6 and they will put you on the list so you don't have to wait 45mins for a table.  We did that last night and it worked like a champ.
3	I ordered the wrong thing. I got one of the burgers. it was smelly, kinda dry and burntish on the edges. but i ordered the wrong thing. in fact, they should remove it from the menu. gross.anywho- i LOVED this patio, and the price was fair. The service was decent and I will definitely be back just for the patio. it is so calm back there. perfect iced tea.
4	The ownership of Chelsea's Kitchen, La Grande Orange Grocery & Pizzeria and Dylan's got it right! Fresh food and basic choices that are consistently good. We had dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen on 5/16/2010. We had the white sangria, fresh guacamole & chips with charred tomatillo salsa, lobster tacos w/ melon & tomatillo salsa along with their fresh made corn tortillas, the Chelsea cheeseburger. All were great!  I can easily say this because we live in San Francisco and in my opinion we have some of the freshest and best food around by far.  Chelsea's food, ambiance, service and all-around menu choices are tops.
5	I grew up in Arizona and always enjoy visiting to enjoy the great restaurants. Chelsea's Kitchen is now one of my favorite dining spots. I recently was in Arizona for college graduation and my parents took me to Chelsea's Kitchen to celebrate.The atmosphere is great and the service was fantastic. Most importantly the food BLEW MY MIND! Everything I ate was delicious! I recommend the tacos, (I personally had the swordfish tacos) homemade guacamole and make sure to try the ceviche. My dad had the burger and he raved about how great it was. I was also surprised at how delicious the French fries were.I have always been a huge fan of Le Grande Orange, but I think Chelsea's Kitchen is 10 times better! I can't wait to return to Arizona to enjoy this place again!
4	This place really isn't so bad in the "off season".  I went there last night with a party of 4.  The wait wasn't terrible and the patio was perfect.  It wasn't too hot, too cold and it wasn't too crowded. I didn't get my usual beef burger and opted for the tuna burger instead.  It was just good...not excellent or outstanding.  I did however order my usual wedge salad (chopped of course) and it was very good as always.I'm starting to think that the real star entrees there are the tacos.  Two people in my party ordered them and the dishes looked amazing.  I am for sure getting the steak ones next time.The service was pretty good as always.Oh one last thing.  They give you a little chocolate cookie when you walk out the door.  It is a very nice touch, but for some reason they add a bunch of salt to them.  I don't understand it but I think adding salt to sugary things (like cookies and ice cream) is some kind of fancy-pants trend that needs to go away ASAP.
5	amazing. food is amazing. atmosphere is perfect. staff is friendly. great for all ages. YOU HAVE TO GO THERE!!!!!!
5	Three for lunch on a Thursday...again, a great meal with great service.Ahi & Lobster tacos as well as Howie burger ordered, all great.  Love the homemade tortillas.Desserts were a hit, too.  (Red Velvet cake and dark chocolate/brownie cake thing)
4	So this place was pretty neat.  We met my folks there for lunch on Saturday.   I am a huge fan of Le Grande Orange, so when they suggested it, I was pretty stoked to try it.   The restaurant itself has a modern yet organic feel.  The outside patio is just beautiful.  I would love to go there on a date with my Hottie and have a glass of wine by the fire place!  But I'll wait until fall =).  About the food, it was very good, no complaints. I had a homemade veggie burger and fries with Gruyere cheese.   The boys both ordered burgers and devoured them, so I assume they were good.  My Mom had the Short rib tacos and she raved about them, the server said that was there specialty and her favorite.   She also tried their white sangria which was pretty tasty too.   For dessert we had a chocolate flourless cake served with pistachio gelato and whip cream.... Um, can I say... YUM!
4	Buy one entree get one for $4 - this was their brilliant July 4th promo. I hadn't been to Chelsea's in years - spent a nice New Years Eve there a few years back. Turns out Chelsea's is batting 1000 for holidays! This time, we took a Yelp tip and walked to the bat cave as pre-dinner entertainment. Checking in for our 8:15 appointment shortly after 8 p.m., I got a little nervous when the hostess suggested we would be seated in 15-25 minutes - that they "try to seat reservations within 15 minutes of their reservation time." We got seated promptly at 8:15.I had remembered loving the ceviche and it was as delicious as I recalled. Went with the fish special which was cooked perfectly and in a delicious simple Asian sauce. Believe it or not, I was given a list of ingredients when I asked for a recipe! How generous!Unfortunately, they had run out of the Dixie chicken so one of my dinning companions had to settle for the rotisserie chicken which, while edible, was disappointingly dry.I tasted a corn tortilla that was PERFECT! Had a nice stretch like a fresh flour tortilla but the hearty flavor unique to corn tortillas. While I didn't taste, I saw the lobster taco serving and was impressed with the portion. Dessert was a flourless chocolate cake described precisely by our server as having the taste of "brownie batter" with pistachio gelato. A single pitcher of house (white) sangria kept our table of 4 quenched. The ambiance is homey yet elegant. I look forward to my next visit!
5	I dine out regularly and found my experience at Chelsea's to stand out above the rest. The food was very fresh and prepared just as I had asked. The fresh tuna tacos ROCK! We also sat on the patio, which I have to say is the best patio setting in town. The staff were friendly and made our experience more enjoyable. The energy inside the restaurant was upbeat and everything seemed to flow well. I'm definitely going back!
4	i've figured out that eating in scottsdale/phoenix isn't cheap or else you have to compromise; however, i also figured out a little trick at chelsea's: the sides.  it's all about the sides.the summer heat is relentless here, and it definitely affects my appetite - making it hard to eat enough during the day to keep me going.  i'm a carb-heavy eater (as the dr. prescribed) so that makes it tougher.  but at chelsea's, i can sit down and get a nice sized bowl of excellent mac & cheese, and two sides of vegetables and get out at $9 flat.  this is about as good as it gets, not to mention the quality and portions you're getting for under $10.  this may sound cheap, and i don't really care what anyone else thinks, but try it and you won't be thinking the same.  why go pay $9 bucks for a turkey sandwich (that i've had one million times over already) when you get variety and sustenance?
4	Now here's a little story I'd like to tell about a one Chelsea's Kitchen who we know so well. All I can say is that I wish this was my kitchen. The eatery on 40th and Camelback is yet another fun creation by the La Grande Orange family. I can't believe it's taken me this long to review a top notch spot like Chelsea's. I don't know if it's just me, but every time I visit, if I closed my eyes I can almost pretend that there is a lake just past the comfy outdoor patio. Then I open my eyes and realize that's the canal...dam. But, let's focus on the awesome and not the inevitable here. I like Chelsea's. I do. I've been for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Every time I visit, I'm happily satisfied and pleased. Have you had the Chelsea's burger? No? Go right now. Go... order one. It's burgerlicious. It has the special sauce aka thousand island dressing. It has a crispy buttery bun and freshly cooked meat. And the french fries. OMG, the french fries. So french fries might be my weakness and I try to avoid ordering them at all costs, but at Chelsea's I lose all control of my willpower. Have you tried the fish tacos? Expensive you say? Why yes, yes they are astronomically high in price. But once you save your pocket change and make the big plunge into your wallet, it'll be worth it. I assure you my friend, it will be worth it. Check out the swordfish tacos or if you're really in a Daddy Warbucks mood, try the Lobster ones. The fresh guacamole, the taco sauce, the fresh pico de gallo and the fish...yum. And the last item to be highlighted during my sonnet aux Chelsea's will be the Chicken Nachitos. Yes, I know. Nachos? Boring! But, these are a pile of heaping, crunchy and massive chips, cheese, meat, salsa, avocado, beans and who knows what else. It's a great way to start your 5,000 calorie meal. You won't be sorry. Your diet might make you sorry, but during the very moment you consume them...you will not be sorry. For the healthier options, my suggestions include the shrimp ceviche and the Del Mar Salad. I heart avocados as if you can't tell already...and both of these dishes have their fair share of the good green stuff itself. The end.
2	WHAT THE HELL happened to this place?!?  This was my "go to restaurant" for all out of state visitors.  They HAD great fish, great steaks and great fish tacos.  Within the last year, this place took a crap.  I kept going back, I didn't want to believe it..but, yes it was true.  The Del Mar salad isn't good anymore either.  I have 3 seperate groups of friends that would frequent this place weekly and they all agree.  Something just ain't right ;(Added bonus:  went for happy hour last month, when asked what the HH specials were, our waitress replied.."I think the drinks are half off, I think the tacos are on special, I think wine is $5, I think the guac is 1/2 off"  I THINK YOU ARE AN IDIOT!!!!
4	Chelsea's is not a mom and pop shop who desperately needs our word of mouth to ensure their survival. They are in their own (lovely) stand-alone building complete with valet service for their private lot. The area is commercial and the local business crowd obviously loves this place, and with good reason.Yelp was the driver for our lunch decision. We got there in the midst of the lunch rush and found the restaurant to be absolutely packed and the din pretty darn loud. I wondered for a moment if the noise itself wasn't going to be conducive to a group lunch but the throng of the crowd told me that the food was going to be worth it. I encouraged us to stay.The wait wasn't crazy, 15-25 minutes for inside and immediate seating available on the front covered patio for those brave enough to deal with the heat. There is back patio seating with umbrellas but the hostess said it was simply too hot that day for it. Our group opted for front outside seating and we ultimately found that the ceiling fans and misters did do a good enough of a job to make it reasonably comfortable despite some long pants and long sleeved shirts in our group.Wait staff was friendly, on it and helpful with recommendations and knowledge about the food. Portions are BIG - you'll be hard pressed to order an appetizer or salad for yourself and then go on to eat your sandwich and fries / other. Well you could, but most of us mortals would be sorry shortly thereafter.Two of us split the brussel sprout salad - it was awesome! Bacon, manchengo cheese and almonds in a light vinegarette. Perfect for a hot day and frankly, just delish. I ended up going with a side for my main dish due to the portion sizes but I could not have made a better choice. If you are a mac n cheese lover, all I can say is welcome to paradise...this could and should, be your last meal. A beautiful bowl of perfectly done pasta with the creamiest, richest white cheese sauce imagineable. I don't know how I'm going to ever look at mac n cheese again...Chelsea...you've ruined me (thank you!)Others in our party were nearly as enthusiastic as I about their dishes. The swordfish tacos were considered a complete win and the salmon special was cited to be "excellent". Clean plates said it all at the end - everyone left happy.Tip - throw caution to the wind (so long as you have an alternate driver) and get the Shakin Lemonade. The Grey Goose Vokda and healthy sprig of rosemary will make any lunch meeting more fun...and two will put you into orbit. :)
4	This review was started months ago... Finally completed it!On a rainy sunday back in March the bf decided we would go to Chelsea's for breakfast. It was my first time at Chelsea's and it didn't disappoint. I had Chilaquiles and ordered the egg scrambled instead of over-easy.  This was one of the most delicious breakfasts i've had in some time! Eggs cooked perfectly, the red and green sauces were excellent... I gave the bf a bite or two, but i ate pretty much every morsel on the plate. I had a bloody mary, which was good, but i prefer a little spicier. He had some kind of pancake breakfast. I had a bite and it was good, but mine was waayyy better.  =)I look forward to trying some of their lunch or dinner options!!
5	I LOVE the brussel sprout salad, fresh made tortillas and the prime rib hash here (wait, that's also everything I've ever had here!). The prices are kind of steep, but the brussel sprout salad is a HUGE serving.   Don't forget to pick up a mini cookie on your way out! +1 extra star because Chelsea's Kitchen is one of the food sponsors at my volunteer organization's annual major fundraiser. (I experienced the aforementioned food a paying guest in the restaurant.)
4	Chelsea's is great. The food is awesome and the restaurant is great. Once you get to the table, the service is great. Any taco option is great, the veggie burger is tasty and the fries are tops.Service with the hostesses can be lacking. Reservations are not typical here. Making a reservation means you get "preferred seating" but are still on the wait list. This means you may very-well end up waiting 45-60 minutes during a rush even with a reservation. Also, I get the feeling that the hostesses skip over less-vocal people waiting.It is still one of our favorite places, we just plan on a little extra wait.
4	The in-laws are in town so that means a visit to Chelsea's.  Our party of 7 rolled in at about 8ish and there was a bit of a wait but not as bad as it has been before.  The parking lot wasn't too full either which meant no forced valet.This time I tried the Chelsea's Cheeseburger and it was very good.  Still no LGO burger though and the fries are still weird and eh'.  I also ordered the chopped wedge and it was still excellent and still the best around.I still haven't ordered their tacos yet but I did try my wife's.  She ordered the ribeye steak ones.  They were excellent and I think I want them next time.As always the service was pretty fast and friendly.
2	The number of 5 star reviews this place has just baffles me. I have tried... really really tried....to love Chelsea's. The location makes it a popular spot for work lunches and happy hours so I get dragged in here at least once every couple months. With the exception of maybe the short ribs, I have never had anything but mediocre food and mediocre service. I am starting to think that the people who think this place is 5-star worthy just don't venture outside big restaurant chains that often. Chelsea's must seem like nirvana to someone who is used to Applebees, but there are SO many better places in town!This last visit finally caused me to put the place on my shun list and prompted this review.We went during the lunch rush - not their fault - which meant we had to valet ("free"...sure). But the hostess was nowhere to be found when I walked in and they clearly needed more than one person working the front for a little while during the big rush (hello? manager?) She eventually took my name but did not write down the number in my party. My friend got there and walked in to inquire as to the wait time. No big deal, 10 more minutes. Twenty minutes later, as we were melting away waiting on the patio, she went back inside to inquire again. The hostess was surprised to see her. She had forgotten we were out there. She sat us at one of the 7 tables that had come available while we waited.Then the servers couldn't figure out whose table it was, so two people came to take our drink order. Again, not deadly, but still annoying after the hostess experience. Once they figured it out the service smoothly enough. I was a little annoyed that my club soda came in individually priced little bottles. had I remembered that I would have just ordered water. Right around the time our drinks came and the server went to take our order I realized how loud the place was. She was literally shouting so that we could hear her describe the specials.This whole visit could have probably been saved with awesome food. But once again the food was just, meh. I ordered the Crispy Chicken Spinach Salad. The chicken was flabby and greasy, but not crispy. Most of the fried part actually fell off in peels of fat when they sliced the chicken. I tried to save a couple pieces, but the coating was so tough that I ended up just stripping off what hadn't fallen off on its own. The rest of the salad was pretty good, maybe a little overdressed.My friend ordered the Howie Burger which she pronounced "Good, but you can't screw up a burger." I beg to differ, considering the Vig manages to do it every time, but she seemed happy enough to eat the whole thing so that's something. The fries were seasoned with what tasted like the seasoning on BBQ chips and were a little tough. I don't like sweet seasonings on fries and this spice blend tasted like it had quite a bit of sugar in it. Maybe that's a personal preference, I thought it was weird.Previous recent failures included:Fish tacos - good fish but way too much of the melon salad on top and soggy tortillasBrussel sprout salad - again, could have been great, but overdressed and soggy and skimpy on the other ingredientsGreen Chile Burger - ordered medium...came out dry, heavy, and greyMonica is still one of the loveliest bartenders in town, so I may get suckered into happy hour once in a while, but will stick to drinks for the remainder of the visits to this place.
2	I use to really enjoy this restaurant but lately not so much.  The food comes out cold and when you send it back they reheat it instead of making you something fresh.  This use to be one of my favorite places to eat, too bad!
4	Chelsea's is a welcome addition to Central Phoenix. They serve delicious takes of Comfort Food. I had been there several times and always wondered why anyone would pay so much for the tacos. Everything else seemed fair though their portions are small for most things. I didn't get that it was more like fajitas. I had the Lobster Tacos that were the nightly special (around $35.) Let me tell you it was worth it. The Lobster meat was huge chunks and very fresh. They make their tortillas in house. I have honestly liked everything I have ever had here. The only negative is the Valet Parking, otherwise it would be 5 stars. I personally can't stand Valet and especially where there is plenty of room. This place is a regular for me.
4	We have been back a few more times since my original review, and each time I discover a new dish to love.  When stopping by for lunch, the Husband and I ordered the nachitos - mistakenly thinking that the appetizer would be relatively small... we were SO wrong!  It was so incredibly gigantic that the two of had absolutely no hope in finishing it... even though we were sharing.  Our server was really fantastic and immediately noticed that our speed was slowing down.  He offered to go ahead and box up our carne asada tacos for us to enjoy when we weren't quite as stuffed.  Good call!  The tacos were delectable - even when reheated later that night. Last night, my sister and I stopped by for dessert.  I am in love with the key lime pie!  The small scoop of strawberry gelato in the perfect foil to the sweet-tart lime.  We also had the chocolate brownie/cake, which my sister devoured.  It wasn't my favorite, but I think I just wasn't in the mood for chocolate (strange, but true).  I also sampled the French Press coffee.  It was really tasty, and I'll definitely order it the next time I'm in for brunch.  Strangely, our waitress forgot to bring out sugar - despite me asking for it after she brought out the carafe of coffee.  Luckily, my dessert was sweet enough to compensate, and I managed to drink my sugar-less coffee anyways.  Chelsea's Kitchen puts out a consistently strong product, has a gorgeous interior and patio - and usually has friendly and attentive service (excusing a few minor glitches... no big deal!).  It is becoming one of our go-to places for a great meal - brunch, lunch, dinner or dessert - Chelsea's has it all!PS- the free chocolate-chip sea salt cookies were super yummy too!
3	Mac and cheese: Absolutely amazing and big enough for a small dinner. Tuna sashimi salad: I found the dressing to have too much ginger. But the fish was sliced thinly and didn't have that obnoxious skin that some serve it with.Short-ribs: Good. But a little lacking in pizzazz. Sundae: underwhelming. Just a little bland and not really anything to marvel over.Chocolate nouveau cake. Wonderful. Tastes like a flourless chocolate cake or a really creamy/fudgey brownie.Overall, I liked the presentation and the atmosphere. The service was great and everyone seemed very knowledgeable and professional. I just thought everything could use some more spice/flavor. It was too expensive for what it was, and I will probably not go back unless someone else chooses it.
4	Came at prime time on Friday night. Was a bit of a wait, but not excessive. The king crab appetizer was enough to serve as an entree. It came with microgreens and summer squash, and was worth the $19 price tag. We also had a side of steamed tricolor cauliflower with ponzu sauce-worth the 3 bucks, but so much more could have been done with this. The roasted corn and poblano soup was outstanding.  Try the fruit pie and gelato for dessert.  I will probably try short ribs next time I come.  Jody, our server was top notch. "Howie Burger" with the gruyere cheese and caramelized onions was good combination per friend's report.  Aside from the burger, all the items we ordered were from the small featured menu, which generally features local seasonal ingredients. It's noisy inside, so pick somewhere else if you want an intimate romantic dinner.  There is a back patio if outside dining is a realistic option.
4	I'm still stuffed while I write this review from the dinner I just enjoyed. Never been here before... we were able to make a reservation since we were 5 people, but we also ate at 6 and it didn't get busy till 7. I started with a lemonade drink that was supposed to have vodka in it. I think it was missing. The Cesar salad I had I enjoyed very much. And for my main belly stuffing entree I had the short rib tacos. There was plenty of food to feed 2 people. I loved the homemade soft tortillas and gauc. Would I return, yes. I'd just get a different cocktail to start with.
5	All I had was their Sangria so I dont know if I can really rate them or not, but based off of their sangria, definitely 5 stars!! Good service also. My friend and I got a pitcher of sangria and its house made and the pitcher has a bunch of fruit in it, no ice which is good bc sometimes the pitchers has so much ice and hardly any drink. I was a fan!
4	Another LGO restaurant... and a pretty cool one. Great ambiance. Excellent patio out back.  Super cool giant lamps inside.  I like the design quite a bit. The comfort food is nice, though may be a bit overpriced.  A few of the menu items are exactly the same as you'd get at LGO for quite a bit more.  For that reason, If you are heading to Chelsea's... go with the "Very Special" section of the menu... no need to have the burgers here.  The short ribs were phenomenal... the mashed potatoes were stellar. Also tried the Wood Fired Rotisserie Chicken.  Though i went with a friend, i think this would be a pretty good date spot.  If that's whatcher into.  ;)
5	The service has always been really good.I love LOTS of things on the menu. The dixie pan fried chicken is great.  There's a great little sticky bun that comes with it.  The Del mar salad is great.  I've had great experiences going to chelsea's kitchen.  Overall it's in my heavy rotation on places I always say YES, let's go there!
4	Sexy atmosphere. Yummy food. Great date spot...save room for the red velvet cake!
4	Great patio and friendly staff. I recommmd the Ahi Tuna taco platter.
3	The food is always good, menu has much to be desired, the service is hit or miss...but for some reason this high potential hot spot never seems to add up to a great top tier restaurant experience.
4	I was visiting from Miami, when a friend recommended this cute spot. From the moment I walked in, the vibe was very cool. Laid back, but comfortable with dark rich wood hues, bug comfy booths and overall a very clean, fresh look. I originally wanted to go for brunch, but we ended up catching a late dinner and we weren't disappointed! First and foremost, I have to give a shout out to the brussel sprout salad! I happen to love these little green veggies and have never seen them served as a salad before, so Kudos to CK. We also ordered the chicken nachos, which were ok, but because nachos are always a big pile, the cheese melted very quickly and after a few minutes weren't too edible. We then got the chef's favorite taco platter, I believe it was short rib, which was nice and flavorful, my only drawback was that the tortillas are corn, not flour which I know are more authentic, but I still prefer flour! All in all, a great experience and I will definitely recommend to anyone heading that way.
4	I have never had better swordfish tacos.  I am a fish taco addict, so that's huge!  The service was mediocre, but the food and the ambience is well worth the price!
4	I was in town on business for a couple of days and was treated to dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen and really enjoyed it. The design inside is cool and hip, without being pretentious. It all feels very intimate - the lighting accentuates a lounge-like vibe. I was a little shocked to see valet parking for such a small establishment but I think that's purely for function with such a tiny parking area. The bar area was very cool. Great, fast service with good drink and wine selection. The food was awesome. We started with the nachos that were loaded with yummy toppings and not soggy at all (which a lot of nachos suffer with). We decided to share a few platters of tacos so we could taste everything - the swordfish, pork and rib tacos were dynamite! Everything was really fresh and flavorful. We also opted to share a few desserts. Both the Red Velvet Cake and Key Lime Pie were to die for. I can't say I was disappointed by a darn thing. Above all, great service by the waitstaff.
4	Every weekend I like to do a nice long leisurely lunch... This weekend my friend Allison and I choose Chelsea's Kitchen after a past wonderful brunch experience.  Our second visit today did not disappoint.We sat on the beautiful back patio shaded by trees and had a great lunch.  I enjoyed the very tender and generous portion of the short rib tacos.  Great service, atmosphere, and lovely relaxed atmosphere, we will be making this a tradition!
4	I finally made it to Chelsea's Kitchen yesterday.  I ordered the Huevo Rancheros and my friend got a hamburger and fries.  The menu selection was reasonable and the food was overall good.  The preparation was first rate.  My only misgivings was the drink service.   I had been biking and needed a refill to my ice tea.  It took a while for it.  The red velvet cake was simple delicious.The atmosphere was airy and comfortable.  The decor is simply, yet inviting.  The bathroom decor was minimalist and modern.  However, there was a mild sulfur smell (maybe sewage) eminating from the bathroom.  It was not the last thing I cared to remember before leaving.  I hope that this issue has been addressed.Overall I would recommend it.
4	Chelsea's Kitchen has really good food but be prepared to pay for it.  Lunch is always good there but the cheeseburger I had was $15.  Dinner is awesome and with a great atmosphere .  The servers are great and the valet takes good care of you.  Notice the almost always there Bentley in the front of the restaurant! I am guessing this is the owners. A little pricey but great food, people and atmosphere!  I go about once a month. I would definetly go and check it out!
5	Was teetering between five and four stars and two things pushed me to the five... best white sangria and best red velvet cake which I have tried a lot of both.  Love it for lunch, dinner, or drinking on the patio.  I have been here several times but this is my first review.  Service is always fantastic, it is a great place for kids (better without did I mention white sangria).  When it comes to what I like to eat, there are so many choices.  The nachos are my first favorite but you need a friend to share them with you or get as an appetizer for a group.  I suggest ordering them the "old way" which means with black beans on them.  I encourage you to find your favorite.  Ohhhhhhh, I almost forgot this place make fantastic soup, this day it was vegan squash.  Prices are very reasonable.
5	One of my favorite places, always good. Their Tacos rock and the place just feels nice. I do wish they didnt serve coke out of a can, but otherise a+!
3	It's not you, it's me? That's how I feel about Chelsea's because I seem to be the only person in Arcadia that doesn't consider Chelsea's a staple in their restaurant repertoire. There's something that misses the mark for me. Maybe in another 10-15 years I really like it. I'm in my late 20's and the crowd is always a little older and little stuffy for my taste (40's+ soccer moms). The restaurant is cute and the patio is pretty good but it's just never wowed me.The food is good - I don't think its worth the price and forget about going with a big group - the booths and tables are made for 4-6 TOPS. Wish I could be more specific but I can't really put my finger on it. A solid 3-stars for me.
4	I'm in Denver but I go to Phoenix, especially in winter, as might some of you. This is a terrific place, really almost in Scottsdale. There is no analog in Denver, it is good food, great setting, cozy, yet energetic, a spectacular covered patio with a fireplace for those chilly days and evenings in AZ fall and winter months. OK What about the food?Eclectic menu, spectacular salads, elegant fish tacos, incredible guacamole, I had a crispy chicken spinach salad, to die for. My partner had swordfish soft tacos, the tortillas were wonderful, the fish perfectly cooked. The Del Mar seafood salad is absolutely yummy. The short rib tacos were not terrific, but then I am not a big fan of that rib meat. One piece of red velvet cake, shared amongst four, and it was devine, moist, soft, w the best cream cheese frosting. If you are in Phoenix, go to Chelsea's Kitchen.
4	What can I say??  This place is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Phoenix!   The outdoor patio is really cool and the service has always been spot on.  They even have coca-cola in the bottle!  I have never had a bad meal here and the rib eye steak tacos are awesome with the homemade pancake style tortillas!  You can not go wrong at Chelsea's Kitchen!
3	Nice patio seating with an outdoor fireplace. The accoustics inside are loud. Service is sub-par. The last time I was there, we asked to have two tables side by side to accommodate 8 of us. They seated us, then 10 minutes later, they seated another party in the table next to us.  I absolutely love the tuna tartar with guacamole and chips. The seasonal specials are my favorites. I like the seared scallops, heirloom tomato salad. The fried chicken is pretty good. I like the crunchiness. I used to like the short ribs, but they are made inconsistently. The first time I went to Chelseas, it was great. The last two times, it's ranged from dry with very little sauce to a chewy bad cut of meat. Overall, I still like to go to Chelsea's once in a while.
4	I love Chelsea's Kitchen.  The food is great, the service is top notch and the atmosphere cool.  The ONE complaint I have is being forced to valet my car!  In N.Y. or L.A. valet parking makes sense to me (there is seldom a near-by parking place and you would be forced to walk blocks to park your car).  In Phoenix it makes no sense!  You are never more than 50 feet from the front door in any restaurant parking lot and in the case of Chelsea's Kitchen there's a ton of parking all over the place.  I don't like people driving my car and I object to having to pay an extra $3-5 bucks for something I am capable of doing (and prefer to do) myself.  Rich D.
5	Last night for my Mister's birthday we enjoyed a dinner for two at Chelesa's Kitchen. When we arrived as we were walking in we noticed the roaster in the front of the building, the sounds of the water feature, and then entered the building. We were greeted with a beautiful smell of a fire creating a romantic air in the room. The hostess quickly greeted us and offered us the option of indoor or patio seating. We elected for the indoor seating to be able to enjoy each other without being cold. (Yes, it can be cold to me in Arizona.)We had a great booth where we could enjoy the lighting on the patio, the view of the bar, and the excitement of the kitchen. The table was adorned with a candle to create a romantic touch along with the overall setting. It was perfect!!!! Our waiter, Stephen, welcomed us and took our drink order. He did an awesome job of recommending a delicious wine for my enjoyment and my Mister selected his usual gin and tonic. The wine selection was amazing. It had a great variety for a reasonable price per glass or bottle. My Mister and I discussed our selection for dinner and it all sounded so delicious. With the assistance of Stephen we finally came to the filet and the pan fried chicken along with chips and guacamole for an appetizer. We have become critics of guacamole and chips due to our recent dinner adventures. The appetizer was so yummieeee (with extra 'e'). It was fresh with locally grown avocados and the chips were crispy and almost sweet. The salsa was unbelievable. It was a bit of spice with a perfect blend of seasonings to create this unique savory taste!  Our dinner was to die for so amazing. The meat was fixed perfectly, the mashed potatoes left nothing to be desired, and the veggies were cooked to the right consistency and taste was savory. Then there was this sweetness added to our plate in the form of a croissant. It was unreal, savory, delicious, yummiee, great, and so much more! Then I am not sure how we found room for the sundae of course we needed to celebrate the Mister's birthday by over indulging. The treats were perfect! All made in house! Unbelievable! My hats are off to Stephen. He was friendly and able to make us laugh. He shared the great features of Chelesa's Kitchen with us such as locally grown supporters, nights to enjoy there, and highlights of the menu. He was quick to bring us what we needed and truly on top of his game. Stephen caught onto our attitudes of spice and vigor. He help us feel comfortable and we truly enjoyed our evening! Thank you to the Chelesa's Kitchen team for helping me make my Mister's birthday perfect!
5	Great place!  Monica at the bar was extremely attentive, Nicole was terrific at the table everything was spot on!  Had the Guac and chips which were great, then a spinach salad and short rib with the egg.  The short rib could have used a touch more sauce but all and all everything was very good.  My friend had the chicken and also thought it was the shit.  The restaurant was cosy with the fireplace and well dressed milf's prancing around.  Just how I remembered it =)  party on!
5	First visit could have been a wonderful fluke so I didn't write a review.  Second visit tonight - they didn't miss a mark.  Nice valets (thanks for not making me park my long bed in that cramped lot!).  Pleasant efficient host, great bartender, reservation on the patio was honored on time.  Server knew his stuff, funny without being over the top.  Interesting menu choices that have a few surprises without getting silly or pretentious.  No pressure to flip the table, good dessert recommendation and no "attitude" when we wanted to share.  The patio makes the top of my list of Phoenix patios for ambiance and decoration.  Love it.  Going back.  Recommending to my friends.  Thanks!
3	Fun restaurant for a night out with friends.  The indoor and patio seating options makes it inviting for everyone from the date night to the celebration party.  The pitchers of sangria were tasty and definitely encouraged people to indulge.  The guac and salsa app was awesome with a simply prepared guac, fire roasted salsa, and fresh tortilla chips.  I had the fried chicken dinner and was less than enthused.  The chicken pieces were only partially breaded and fried.  After a few sangrias, I decided to enjoy my guilty pleasure... and there was barely any fried chicken skin!  Sadness.  It should have been called a breaded chicken because it was definitely not a fried chicken!  Ok... soapbox aside... my friend had the rotisserie prime rib and it was jam packed with flavor without the heavy salt crust.  Definitely something different to try.
3	The Hubs and I went here before a show this Wednesday.  I must say, the valet attendants were extremely nice and friendly as well as efficient.  I don't think the staff inside was as warm and friendly, but overall the service was A-OK.  I really liked the atmostphere inside, in fact, we sat right by the wood fireplace and it was very cozy and delightful.So, my overall thoughts on the food were that it was tasty, but really the only thing that blew me away was the guacamole.  It was fabulous!  It came with a very splendid roasted tomato salsa and crispy corn tortilla chips.  We also shared the soup of the day, which in my opinion wasn't too good.  It was a modified tortilla soup, but it was oddly sweet, which isn't what I was looking for at all.  For our entree, we shared the rotissere chicken, which was quite good.  I especially liked the side dishes (spatzle and garlic spinach).Overall, I would go back and try some other items on the menu that have been reviewed on yelp, but I wasn't blown away by any means.
4	It was really good! love the atmosphere and food was delicious!
4	Want to impress someone?  Take them to dinner on the patio at sunset at Chelsea's Kitchen.I've been here for drinks and appetizers with friends before and finally returned for a dinner date.  It was fantastic as expected.  We sat on the patio near the fireplace shortly before sunset.  We were able to enjoy our cocktails in daylight and then dinner under the Christmas lights.  Speaking of cocktails, they have a fantastic wine list, selection of craft beers, and I enjoyed a delicious vodka lemonade.Our server was so friendly and polite.  My prime rib, potatoes, and vegetables was so delicious.  My date's house made french fries were great and he said his burger was tasty.I love this place.  My date was way impressed with me to say the least.
4	This is a very charming place. I recently visited for lunch and was surprised how awesome it was. You must sit on the patio for the full experience. The food was very good, but the atmosphere was what won me over!
4	What a wonderful Ambiance!  And great food too.Such wonderful fresh dishes with an awesome offering off the spit--including prime rib. Attentive Service too.
4	I've heard such great things about Chelsea's kitchen, and I'm glad I finally checked it out. The food is fantastic. Most of us had the Howie Burger. Topped with caramelized onions, Gruyere, and a dijon sauce, it's a simple and perfect burger. The fries were really crispy and seasoned with garlic salt. Not really my thing, but I've never really been a big french fry guy. Everyone else liked them. My girlfriend and another person in our party had the taco platters. My girlfriend had the Ahi Tuna. I tried a small piece of the fish, which was wonderful. As much as I liked my burger, I want to go back just to try any of the other items on the menu, because this was so good. It's also one of the few times I've seen her nearly clear her entire plate. The other guy had the pork taco platter, and really liked it. We also split a pitcher of the Famous White Wine Sangria. A very sweet and satisfying drink. The atmosphere is cool. It has both a cozy and upbeat feeling. The music was a little louder than I would like, but that seems to be the "in thing" at restaurants nowadays. I hear the patio is the place to be, especially around sunset, but I guess that's an experience I'll need to save for another time. A note on parking, the only way to park is valet. It's complimentary, so there's no reason to complain (unless you're too cheap to tip the guy a buck or two). I just always find it funny when I watch a valet run to my car, when it's just a couple of feet away. It would quicker and more efficient to just give me my keys. Chelsea's Kitchen is definitely the place to be. It was still pretty busy at 8:00 on a Saturday night, and the restaurant kept filling up after we were seated. Plus there were five people in our party, and four of us ended up having someone we knew come over to our table, or we went over to someone else's table to say 'hi.' And on a humorous note... While waiting, a couple people in our party who arrived early ordered an appetizer. The bar was packed, so they got it while waiting outside, instead. A manager had taken care of the order, but the charge was never added to our bill. Taking an honest approach, one of the people in our party tracked down that manger to inform him of the mistake. He comped it anyway, and jokingly asked that if anyone Yelps, to just give them a good review. [I already planned to, but] little did he know...
5	How to begin AMAZING! I had lunch here on Sunday. Because I was dining alone I sat at the bar that opened onto a beautiful patio. Was such a nice day outside. I was greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable bar tender. Everything on the menu looked so good I couldn't make up my mind, so I asked for help. After some wonderful suggestions I went with the GRILLED AHI TUNA taco plate. The fish was seared to perfection with a side of black beans and rice. The tacos came with hand made tortillas, spicy aioli sauce, fresh guacamole and chipotle salsa. I topped it all off with a fantastic margarita.This is my new favorite place!
2	I have to say, I DO like their food and the service is always pretty good. The atmosphere is great. HOWEVER, making reservations there is a different story. I had 7 people.. tried Chelsea's, Postinos, LGO... read below:My grandparents were in town, and can't really "wait at the bar" until a table is ready. They are old and tired. Hence, I tried to make reservations here, called 24 hours in advance... they told me they couldnt do it, but  to come in anyway and 'wait at the bar' for a table. I told them I was going to be with some older people, and asked if there was anyway we could just call in 20 minutes beforehand and put our name on the list, so my grandparents wouldnt have to stand at the bar. They said they didnt do that. Seeing as it THE EXACT SAME THING as coming in to put my name on the list and wait twenty minutes there, I dont see the problem. I asked them politely if they could make an exception considering the situation... they said absolutely not. Where I come from, restaurants will try everything they are capable of to accommodate their guests. This IS NOT what Postino's or the LGO owners do at any of their restaurants. After talking to Postino's, I tried Chelsea's and LGO and got the same answer.I also tried Chelsea's, which takes reservations for less then 10 but got the same story, they were booked and we could wait. Also asked them about calling in when we were on our way b/c I was with two older people who could not stand long... they said no way.I own two restaurants, I can tell you-- this is not appropriate customer service. Its also not very moralistic. If a frequent customer explains a situation, seeking a little help, and its not ridiculous, the restaurant shoud be happy to do it. Seems as if the LGO owners have taken a cue from Houston's... which is the type of place that gives Scottsdale a bad reputation. The type of service that scares out-of-towners away from Arizona because we are too "snooty."
4	This is another place thst I adore...the crispy chicken spinach salad is the greatest salad on the menu and the tacos...lobster r my favorite...r like no others...the restaurant is impressive on the inside just the only drawback is that the bar area is small...the drinks r fabulous tho...i love the sundae cuz u get to put on all ur own toppings...dont forget to get a mini salted chocolate chip cookie on the way out
2	One * for the decor and the other * for the layout.The service, food and prices left a lot to be desired.  The food options were limited.  Mainly burger and seafood.  I found the food priced $3-$5 more than they should be for the quality and quantity.  For example, a burger was $13 and the bun was so thin that it was falling apart as I picked it up.  The Guacamole appetizer was $10.  Pretty pricey for guac.  When we sat down there was a used napkin left on the side of the seat that they failed to remove when they cleaned up (totally understandable, but unpleasant nonetheless).  I picked up my clean napkin and it had a hole in it. My lunch date's chicken was undercooked which they graciously took back and grilled a little longer, but not long enough.  The server brought us the check as soon as the plates were cleared and she never asked us if we wanted desert or anything else before the check came.  When we paid for lunch the server brought just 1 pen so I waited for my friend to sign and give me the pen, but the waitress came by too fast and grabbed the one signed receipt before I had a chance to sign mine.  I still left a good tip, but will likely not be back for a long long time. pretty place, not worth the price and service, cookies upon exit were great though.
5	Tonight was my third dining experience here. I came with my family and ordered what I have ordered each time..ahi tuna taco platter with a side of french fries. While there are so many enticing menu options, the thought of this dish always makes my mouth water. The rest of my family really enjoyed their dishes, except for my mom. She really didn't like the red pepper soup, although she's not one to complain. Our waiter noticed she had barely eaten and asked if she didnt like it. She replied "not really" and he took the soup off the bill. I was really impressed by his service throughout the meal, but that was really above and beyond good service.I only wish Chelsea's Kitchen was closer!
5	I am addicted to this place. I take everyone I know there. Friends that I have taken there are now going and taking their friends and I love that!The best part is the service- no the food- no the service- AHHH! You get the point. I love the manager Chris, the chef Bruce, and the pastry chef Jeannie. I have been there so many times that I wish I could buy stock in the place!  They treat me like a queen and I am no one. So that must mean they treat everyone like that. That's the way to do business.All I can say is- GO! I have been there almost 4 dozen times and I feel like I should set up a cot. This is also the PERFECT place to take people visiting from out of town because they will never have anything like it at home.If the weather is cooerating sit out on the patio. It is beautiful.  I love the DelMar salad, the Brussel Sprout salad, the french dip, and their seasoned fries are awesome! My son loves the ahi tuna burger and the red velvet cake. Our newest favorite is the short ribs. OMG. The short ribs. With the egg.  MMmmmMMmmm. Try the key lime pie.  It was awesome. I  don't usually like pies like lemon meringue and key lime but my friend got it and I took a bite and then wanted one of my own!!! Irecently tried their sangria too. It was DEEEELISH! Just give me a side of fruit please! ;-)And I must mention the chocolate chip cookie plate on your way out the door. They are to die for. (Btw- the old recipe is better) The right combination of sweet and salty. You must try them to understand. Then you will PLOT how to take more than one, but still be polite, and not look like a slug for taking an entire stack of them. NOT kidding!
3	After waiting 45 minutes for a table at dinnertime on a Thursday, I realized why..the food was wonderful.I had the prime rib which was cooked in their outdoor fireplace. I got it medium, as ordered,  and couldn't finish the huge portion. I had a Caesar's salad because I didn't know I'd get veggies with my meat.  The meal came with mashed potatoes and sauted kohlrabies with the green tops.  I didn't really like the kohlrabies since they were still so hard I couldn't safely stab a fork into them.  The children's menu was quite boring so my youngest had tacos from the regular menu.  The tortillas come separately so you put it together yourself.  They bring more tortillas if you want.The hostesses seemed frazzled but the wait staff was still smiling and worked hard.Free fresh baked salt chocolate chip cookies on your way out the door leaves a good last impression.
5	One of the best restaurants I've had the luxury of dining at in decades. I couldn't in good consciousness deny my worst enemy the opportunity to eat at such a wondrous venue.  The short ribs were melt-in-your-mouth finger-licking fantastic.  The signature cocktails are so fanciful they almost command you to lift your pinky as you daintifully sip your way into alcoholic bliss. The oversized/giant lamps at every turn make you feel as if you are walking in a land of giants or that you have found yourself in a 'Honey I Shrunk the Kids' situation.  The cherry on top would have to be the free chocolate chip cookies upon your departure. They soothe the restless 'fat kid' inside of us all and make the terrible act of leaving Cheslea's Kitchen a bit more bearable
4	An all around winner, from the professional, helpful and friendly staff to the plethora of good offerings. Taco platters, which come with tortillas and a meat dish, or entrees like halibut, pan-roasted chicken, ribs, all organic high-quality meats. Nice outdoor patio is comfortable, and they give you chocolate chip cookies on the house on your way out the door.I would come here as often as I could if I lived in the area.
4	Decided last minute to try and get in with a party of 8 to Chelseas after horrible service at a nearby restaurant.  After calling several nearby restaurants, Chelseas had the best service and was most accomodating.  Emily was our server and she was excellent.  Food and wine was good too!!
3	Always friendly staff and one of the best patios in town make this a favorite for "upscale' casual dining.  Everything is good, but nothing knocks my socks off.  I'd probably steer clear of the steak--it isn't bad, mind you, but the price isn't justified.  Try the steak tacos, instead.  It is a neighborhood joint for me, so I estimate I've been there 50 times.
3	Just got back from Chelsea's Kitchen with my boyfriend on a nice Sunday afternoon early dinner. I heard about this place a few times from friends and decided we should go check it out. When we walked in the restaurant smelt tres good! We decided to sit outside - great choice there was a big fireplace and lots of heat lamps which I sat right underneath.  We asked the waitress what they had for happy hour (everyday 4-6) it was around 5. She recited the drinks but we had no idea what she was talking about when she said the food part of the happy hour. I understood nachos and we got that (minus the chicken, im a veg head) Those were good, they say it is a smaller portion of the Chicken Nachitos on the menu ($13) they were $8 (for happy hour) and pretty good, good portion of guacamole on top and we both enjoyed them. My bf got a beer (happy hr - $2.50) and I got the white sangria (happy hr it was half off $3.50) - pretty good, needs more fruit. However, I saw a table order the pitcher and we regretted not doing that (tons of fruit and super big pitcher!). My bf ordered Chelsea's Cheeseburger with fries. It was a big portion but he didn't care too much for it. It was $12. I had a bit of trouble finding something to order - all the salads had meat in them! I ordered the Brussels Sprout Salad and got avocados instead of the smoked bacon. Overpriced for a salad - $13 not that big - medium sized. It was good overall but nothing exceptional. Overall the restaurant was really good for the outdoor seating. Probably won't go back since there are soooo many great restaurants in PHX/scottsdale.
4	The patio area is just beautiful anytime of the day! I would recommend sitting outside if possible. The menu is fantastic! My favorite items are the french fries and the mac and cheese. I know those are pretty juvenile dishes, but they are to die for!
4	I think I am the last resident of Phoenix to try Chelsea's kitchen....have wanted to go forever, but finally got the chance yesterday for a business lunch.We arrived at 11:30 as we heard it gets busy fast and were promptly seated outside on the patio, which was great!  the weather was perfect.We started with the guacamole and chips - which were to die for.   We each fought over it.   As soon as our chip stash started to dwindle another plate arrived...that never happens (unless you are at a mexican restaurant)I ordered the brussel sprout salad and it was amazing.  the ingredients were so fresh and plentiful.  The only thing was the service was a bit slow - even for us arriving so early and it not being crowded it did seem like it took quite some time to get our main orders in and then to get the check when we were done.   Oh and I did I mention the yummy chocolate chip cookies waiting at the front door when you leave...I only grabbed one, but it was soooo delish!I definetly want to come back for dinner and sit on the patio when the fireplace is roaring - so charming!
4	Place is a little pricey and you have to watch what you get but overall its a winner. Crispy Chicken salad is awesome and so is the filet Mignon. Be prepared for a wait on the weekends but its worth it.
5	I have been to Chelsea's more than 10 times, and I have yet to have anything less than an incredible experience. I love the staff, the menu, the ambiance.... and especially the patio. It's a fantastic lunch spot, if you are able, sit on the patio. Even if it is chilly out, they will sometimes have a fire going in their adorable fireplace. If not, they have space heaters.If you are going for dinner, anywhere you sit is a good time. It is not a quiet place inside, but that isn't the vibe of Chelsea's. The bar is fun to sit at - an indoor/outdoor set up, the staff is friendly and the drink selection varies enough that you can get an incredible vintage bottle, or a $26 bottle to suit your budget.The food is incredible! I have enjoyed everything from their taco plates to pan-fried chicken to seafood. It is all delicious, and the servings are generous.For dessert the hubs and I always get the ice-cream sundae, where you can add your own toppings at the table. May sound silly, but it's something fun we do... and it's a bit of a tradition now.  If you haven't had the pleasure of going to Chelsea's, drop by if you are able. You won't regret it.
5	Um... fantastic. Seriously, amazing burger. I also tried my sister's food - very good, but the burger! I also love the atmosphere. It's nice, but still laid back and friendly. This is one of my favorite restaurants.
5	Yessssss. I ate at Chelsea's Kitchen earlier this week and have been thinking about it ever since. Let me start by saying that I walk past this restaurant nearly every day, and the smell and pleasant din coming from the patio, along with the reviews from fellow Yelpers, had built up quite high expectations for my dinner there.And I wasn't let down! Yes it's pricey, but you know that walking in. Otherwise, we were greeted by a very pleasant hostess and shown right to our table (though it was early for dinner and definitely got busier as the night went on). The waiter recommended vegetarian options for me when I mentioned I don't eat meat. There is the house-made veggie burger and (seasonal) veggie tacos, but he also suggested the brussels sprouts salad sans bacon... so it's good to know they have no problem with exceptions on menu items. I opted for the delicious burger with side of amazing fries! Who's ever had fries with sugar! and salt and a bit of spice? I never did til this dinner, but I now I vow to have them again! My date really enjoyed the halibut he ordered, which was healthy enough to allow him to go for dessert... Tammie Coe's red velvet cake. I don't get the red velvet fad, personally, but I tried this cake and it is so moist and the frosting so rich and creamy. For my dessert, I tried the warm chocolate cake, served with pistachio gelato. So. Good. The cake was like an airy fudgey brownie, with melted bits of chocolate oozing out.  The food was delicious, no doubt, but it tasted even better surrounded by warm, cheerful fires and the rich deep hues of the dining room.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Food great!  I love the patio!
4	We wound up going here for dinner on a random Sat night by chance when we walked out of Vincent's down the road.  We were very happy we did.  The service was pretty good even though the place was packed...we opted to sit on the patio to avoid the wait for a table.  The food was excellent and our only complaint is they brought our appetizer out with our main dishes...otherwise it would have been a 5 star experience.Try the beef short rib tacos...they were delicious...
5	best mac n cheese ever!
4	After driving past numerous times because it looked too crowded, we finally stepped foot into Chelsea's Kitchen last night.It didn't start off too great, I found myself frustrated with the host chatting up some guy who seemed to be already seated with another  party or something like that.  I was hungry and got more annoyed than needed, but it's not that hard to stop your conversation and get us seated!That said, as soon as she did acknowledge us, we were seated immediately.Our waitress, can't recall her name, was extremely friendly.I'm not much of a wine drinker, so I can't comment on that, but I was impressed by the small but delicious beers on tap.From the typical four peaks, to a Deschutes Mirror Pond and an O'dell's 90 schilling, I was a happy man.In additon to the menu, they also offered some daily specials, from starters, to mains, to sides.We had an appetizer on special that day, a "new style" sashimi. Slices of tuna and yellowfin, with a ponzu sauce, picked wasabi, slices of hit green chiles.It was delicious, my only complaint was that I wanted much more.The menu is comprised of varieties of tacos, burgers, and salads. A few fresh fish mains and other seasonal mains made the menu varied but not too big.  It was still hard to make a choice.  We had decided to get the howie burger, but didn't know what else. Our waitress recommended first timers to Chelsea's to partake of one of the taco meals.  She called it a good introduction to Chelsea's.In the end, we went with the Howie burger and the short rib tacos.The tacos, which are presented in a "make your own" style were delicious, the braised short ribs extremely flavorful and tender.  salsa fresca, guacamole, rice, beans and salsa complemented the very fresh tortillas.The Howie burger, made up of a hand ground patty, came with gruyere and freaking delicious carmelized onions that still managed to be tangy as well. I need to figure out how to do that at home.  I got it with a bun, although you can get it sans bun or with lettuce.  I opted for some fries, but could have gotten other sides.Being a former vegetarian, it's nice to see a few options for our meatless friends/fiends.The whole floor team is very efficient, water was always full, food was put out quickly.  If you get up from your chair, someone will refold your napkin.  A nice old school touch.We had some good organic coffee and a pretty amazing key lime pie.The pie was also great because they DON"T USE FOOD COLORING!That is one of my biggest pet peeves, real key lime pie comes out yellow, don't color it green my friends.For a starter, multiple beers, two meals, coffee and dessert, when you added a generous tip, we still came up around $100.  When you consider the wonderful food, great atmosphere, and amazing service, I think it may possibly be one of the best deals in Phoenix!It was also great to see many different generations of diners.  From little ones to the older folks, all seemed to have a wonderful time.It's safe to say that we'll be back. I'll just make sure to make a reservation.  This place is always crowded!
4	This restaurant straddles the line between upscale and casual. The patio faces the canal and with plant covered lattice all over the patio, you feel transported out of the city.Intimate dinner setting (see photos.) Quality food from Chef Tim Fields. We started with the Tuna Tartare and Guacamole with chips and a pitcher of White Sangria.Rotisserie Chicken is a House Specialty. I had the Wedge Salad, chopped and the Rib-eye.Competent/confident wait staff.
3	I appreciate the indoor-outdoor appeal of Chelsea's.  It's a little hard to hear if you sit inside, but that just means you can turn your attention to the patio. I've never loved anything I've ordered, but I have been more than once, so you know the food is still pretty good. Albeit spendy. Chelsea's is one of those places where you can take your parents and your dad will feel comfortable because he recognizes things on the menu, or you can meet your girlfriends for happy hour and everyone will be at peace in their cute shoes sipping cocktails.Let this place help you make the most of our glorious spring!
4	I went to this place when it first opened and I thought it was overrated. But I recently went back to meet a business client and it has changed! The service was great, the food was excellent - now I know why it is always packed now! Had the Crispy Chicken and spinach salad which was really good! Really fresh and the dressing was an amazing mix of flavors. We also had split an order of fries. Which were real good. My client had the Howie Burger and she liked it too! She told me that they have a new chef and has done some great things. Just lunch was enough to talk about. Cannot wait for Dinner! Free Valet rocks!
5	Good place for a nice lunch.  Sword fish tacos are amazing.  Good atmosphere and would definitely go back again.
5	One of the best restaurants I've had the luxury of dining at in decades. I couldn't in good consciousness deny my worst enemy the opportunity to eat at such a wondrous venue.  The short ribs were melt-in-your-mouth finger-licking fantastic.  The signature cocktails are so fanciful they almost command you to lift your pinky as you dainfully sip your way into alcoholic bliss. The oversized/giant lamps at every turn make you feel as if you are walking in a land of giants or that you have found yourself in a 'Honey I Shrunk the Kids' situation.  The cherry on top would have to be the free chocolate chip cookies upon your departure. They soothe the restless 'fat kid' inside of us all and make the terrible act of leaving Cheslea's Kitchen a bit more bareable.
5	The mac & cheese is Tiger's Blood.
5	This is absolutely my favorite place in Phoenix.  It is a great place for lunch or dinner.  The outdoor patio is awesome, especially at night.  Everything I order is perfect.  My favorite is a Seafood Salad that I have them serve with mixed greens.  It is perfect.  I also like the roasted half-chicken and the fish tacos.  The nacho plate is also insanely delicious. This is my favorite place for business meetings, out of town guests, and family meals.  I encourage you to go and go often until you have tried several different items on the menu.
4	This is hands down our favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  We live all the way across town yet making the 35 mile drive (one way) is totally worth it.  The service is outstanding and everyone is really friendly.  Our favorite person though is Bobby.  Bobby used to be our server at another area restaurant and we were pleased as punch when we ran into him one day here.  It's kind of like visiting a friend when you go there!  My only problem is I can never decide if I should get the short rib tacos or the ribeye steak tacos.  Start off with their sangria that I could go swimming in or the shaken lemondae then finished by the red velvet cake and you can't go wrong.Love this place and I'll be back.  Often.
4	Wine by the bottle, very reasonably priced.  Service was splendid.  Food, cooked right but nothing over the top sensational.  Some nice healthy alternatives though.  Great place to conduct business both inside or on the patio.  Great thing is-not packed with kids!
4	What a wonderful place, especially if you can get a table outside.  The atmosphere on the patio was terrific.I took my family and we had a great night.  They all got different kinds of tacos and I got a great ahi tuna sandwich.  The short rib tacos melted in your mouth and the portion sizes for all of the entrees were outstanding--surprisingly big.  I don't think any of us actually finished our whole meal.Service was great.  Wine list was fine, not amazing.  Had a nice rose on a hot night.Absolutely love the finishing touch of the free cookies on our way out.
4	I visited Chelsea's Kitchen for brunch with a large group and have to agree with most other reviews-- this place is fantastic.  Nearly everything on the menu looked scrumptious and as a vegetarian I found that there were sufficient choices for the veggie inclined. I toyed with the ideas of a spinach omelette with gruyere cheese and a veggie burger, but ultimately decided on Chelsea's Hotcakes.  I was absolutely delighted-- these are not your standard run-of-the-mill heavy, doughy, bland pancakes, people... these are special!  They're light and fluffy and infused with an orange essence.  Tiny bites of heaven.  Truly! They were served with a side of fruit seasoned with mint leaves.  I loved the refreshing mint-- although the fruit itself could have been slightly fresher-- the grapes had probably seen better days about a week ago!  The decor was tasteful and relaxed and the service was fantastic.  Our server was attentive and patient with such a large group, which isn't always the case. Although I didn't partake in any of their brunch cocktails, others I was with enjoyed the pomegranate margarita and white wine sangria immensely... perhaps a bit too much in fact!  As a nice touch, as you leave, instead of the same old overdone mint, we were offered a delicious chocolate chip cookie topped with sea salt.  The perfect salty-sweet combination.Overall, it was a great dining experience and I'm looking forward to going back and sampling more of their tempting menu selections.
4	Fantastic!  The ribeye tacos are magnificent!!!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  Everything I've ever had on the menu is great, but the burgers are my favorite in town.
4	I went to Chelsea's for lunch. I had a friend in town from Canada (where it is still snowing). We wanted to go somewhere with a great patio where we could enjoy the beautiful Arizona spring weather, and also have a nice lunch.We were not disappointed! The patio is perfect! It is surrounded by pretty trees and flowers. It has just the right amount of shade, you can enjoy the sunshine, but you don't feel like you are baking. We had the taco platters. I had the Ahi and it was great. My friend had the swordfish which was also great. We enjoyed our yummy tacos with a couple of Prickly Pear Margaritas, which tasted as nice as they looked.I will definitely make the drive to Phoenix to visit Chelsea's again.
2	As much as I get disappointed when I have to give 2 stars, I always find that the description states it so well. There's no better word to describe this than meh.I went with high hopes on a Smunch day, having never been and expecting some pretty damn good food. We were able to push all the tables out front together (well, okay, I'll give credit where it's due.. they did this for us) to accommodate our group. And that's where the good stuff ends.I highly doubt that I was just grumpy that day, because I'm never grumpy on Smunch day, but the prices seemed a little extreme for the amount and quality of food. I don't even remember exactly what I got, which nearly never happens. I just remember having sad face when I finished. Not because it was over.. .but because it was over so soon.. and with so little flair.The real issue came with our check. No separate checks was an absolute nightmare and they wouldn't even help us figure out how much of the tax was ours etc etc... and I looked borderline annoyed when we weren't figuring it out fast enough. I had to use a calculator people. For real.Maybe it was the crowd that did the trick, but they knew in advance we were coming. At least a week in advance. If they couldn't handle it, all they had to say was no.
3	Beautiful backyard/outdoor seating, contemporary decor, attentive services, delicious red velvet cake, sweet freshly squeezed oj,  if only the food was more impressive, I'd give at least a four-star...It was my first try, and ordered the Egg Benedict, friends ordered the French omelet and the Daydreamer, presentations on all dishes were great, colorful and a sense of healthy. However, they were very salty, I mean really salty. Especially the canadian bacon in my egg benedict, I only had one piece, and that was swallowed with all the spinach, egg and muffin, plus the oj... I don't know how could it be that salty, but it was. I had to stop at the 2nd piece, I don't wanna spend the rest of my day with bottles of water... the French omelet according to my friend was good, but the Daydreamer, was a bit on salty side as well... I guess we just ordered the wrong food....If you have allergies, I don't recommend you have the backyard seating., at least don't do it on a windy day. It's a bit windy yesterday, and while the 2 hours we were outside, every time the wind blew, the little flowers on the tree went flying everywhere, our hair, our table, and food! My friend was literally sneezing non-stop.. so just a little note to consider your own health.
4	Just had an early dinner with the kids tonight (kids eat free from 3-6pm btw).  I had the prime rib and my wife had the fish special, kids had the mac and cheese. All were great meals. The reason to go here is to sit on the patio, it's fantastic!  Not impressed that at 5:30pm I had to valet, when I'm with the family, I'd just rather park and walk (needed to walk off the prime rib and wine anyways!).  This place is not cheap, and with $18 glasses of wine, there is no happy hour at the restaurant!
5	I came here with three friends, and we should have made a reservation! I think we waited about 40 minutes because we wanted a table outside. It was worth the wait. The place has a great atmosphere and a large patio in the back.  The back patio has a lot of trees, nice lighting, candles, and a fireplace. This place is a little on the expensive side, but all of us enjoyed our food and it is worth it for the ambiance. I had the Howie Burger, which is a gourmet burger with gruyere (which is a cheese), caramelized onions, and Dijon sauce. It was delicious! The hostess and server were both friendly. The server even asked us if we wanted separate checks, which was refreshing and made things easy! I will definitely be back.
5	Another restaurant of the LGO family that I love....I'll start with it was Cinco de Mayo and my husband just wanted some good nachos. So... off to yelp app on my iPhone and Chelsea's was one of the restaurants close by. It was settled, done deal... that's where we're going! We love Chelsea's. Great atmosphere, great service, great food, love the Howie burger, and awesome drinks. But.... tonight it was all about the nachos and the margaritas!On the menu the nachos are called "Nachitos"... and trust me, there's nothing "-itos" about them. They are absolutely HUGE!! So good... I swear there's a whole juicy rotisserie chicken on there. And the guac... yumm!5 stars because I really like this restaurant. The patio is great if you can score a seat there. But 10 stars for the manager holding on to my iPad that I forgot last night in the booth. ( Think 3 strong margaritas............... ) That is SO awesome...Honest mgmt -- THANK YOU!!!
4	I have been wanting to go here for a very long time and it did not disappoint. The patio is so comfortable! The service was great. Food was good. I'll be back again. I do suggest that you get there right when they open at 11am if you are able to eat an early lunch. I can see how parking might get tricky.
3	Decent place. Kids menu is free, but they don't tell you that until the end. The outdoor patio is shaded, but has pollen all over the place and they make no effort to clean the seats from what I can tell. We had flies flying around our table at first, but somehow they went away. Food was descent, but overpriced for what you get. I guess that's what happens when you have an executive chef at a hole-in-the-wall. Canal passes right by the patio. Wait staff was nice. I would say it's not ideal for kids because most people there were at the bar for late afternoon dinner.
4	We went to Chelsea's because the menu sounded interesting and our daughter's name is Chelsea ... and it was great!I had the tuna taco's and they were wonderful.  Chelsea had the Rotisserie Chicken and loved it.  I'd definately go again next time we are in Phoenix!
4	I've wanted to eat here for a long time. We pass Chelsea's on our way to the PHX Chamber Music series. BUT on the weekends this place is way to crowed for me. We ended up here on a Mon. night with out of town guests, seated right away. everyone found something they liked on the menu. The food was really good, I had the tuna fajitas YUM! The fried chicken was good but not up to southern standards. The portions were large but we cleaned our plates. Tasty sides.
5	We were checked into our hotel and awaiting our departing flight the next morning to get back to reality. A friend mentioned Chelsea's and their awesome patio. We went early around 4:45PM for some cocktails and stayed on for dinner. It was so delicious. The Short Rib tacos were amazing as was the Shrimp Ceviche as a starter. The service was also outstanding. What a fantastic way to wrap up our vacation!
4	Ooooh-Wa-Weee-Wah-Woooo!! Chelsea's Kitchen is delicious! I dragged a friend in Phoenix out of his sick-bed when I was visiting, and he - in return - "dragged" me here. It was a random April day and a mini-monsoon was torturing the patrons in the patio area, and making the wait a tad longer than expected. Luckily, we bought a bottle of white wine and drank at the bar until our table was ready. The far was good - it didn't blow my socks off, but it was delicious. Service was very friendly, and the environment allowed my dinner date and I to talk, laugh, and be happy without disturbing our neighbors. Speaking of which, we just so happened to dine right next to Mayor Phil Gordon!
4	There's nothing bad I can say about this comfy dinning establishment.  Oh, wait.  Some of the tables are faced awkwardly towards each other so that you're forced to stare at the people in front of you and they are forced to stare right back... uncomfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait for lunch.  We arrived at 12:00 on a Saturday and we were sat immediately.  SCORE!  The food: my girlfriend and I started with the sashimi salad. I was a little nervous about the "spicy ginger" in the description but it complimented the tuna perfectly and ended up being a very refreshing starter.  We both had burgers and they were so juicy and HUGE!  Neither one of us could finish our burgers and were happy to box them up for leftovers.
4	I am long past due on this update. Chelsea's emailed me after my first review and asked for additional feedback. I appreciated the outreach and was happy to share what details I could remember. Afterwards, they offered me a generous gift certificate and genuinely seemed to appreciate my feedback. A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal. My friend had the filet and I had the prime rib and both were fabulous. It was a very busy night and we sat at the bar. Service was good and management came to follow-up with us to ask us about our meal when I used my certificate to pay for part of our meal. I was very impressed with Chelsea's efforts to listen to customer feedback and also their attempt to make their customers happy. I will return to Chelsea's and continue to love the guacamole tuna tartar!
2	You Can't Judge a Book By it's CoverIf looks were everything this place gets all the stars. But, just like people, it's what's on the inside that counts. I was given a few gift cards to Chelsea's Kitchen, so we have ordered several times from the menu; the food we had was sub-par every time. Top 3 reasons we did NOT like Chelsea's kitchen ~ The entrees were not very good. Nothing was worth going back for. ~ The food sometimes arrived cold ~ Pricepoint. We eat out a-lot, so price matters to us. Top 3 things we liked about the joint ~ The place is gorgeous; architecture and  design is wonderful ~ Service. These people don't skip a beat. Service is snappy with a smile ~ Fabulous location at 40th & Camelback.
4	Very nice patio for outdoor seating.  Inside can be loud and hard to hold a conversation.
5	Amazing menu, exceptional staff, unique atmosphere....Chelsea's exceeds all expectations!  One of my top five restaurants. Ever. The restaurant reminds me of Houston's, but done MUCH better. It's intimate, yet spacious. Classy, but not overdone. It's ideal. The. food. is. PHENOMINAL. The menu is tied together with seafood and some Mexican dishes. In the spotlight are the tacos.  Two words:  shortrib tacos. HUGE portion of perfectly seasoned meat, guac, pico de gallo, rice and beans, with house-made tortillas on the side. You must try them!Prior to this, my date and I were enjoying the shrimp ceviche when we see a picturesque plate of nachos presented to another table. Food envy. Yes, we are definitely coming back to sit on the patio and enjoy a gigantic plate!I have never encountered such genuine, knowledgeable and charismatic waitstaff. I glanced over where food is prepared and I noticed each waiter carefully wiping off any splashes or splatters of foodage from each plate. This is food at it's full potential.
5	I love this restaurant on beautiful days for lunch.  Had a wonderful relaxing fun lunch on the patio.  Service attentive without being intrusive.  Good food and a great Chardonnay.   Heaven!
4	When the weather's nice the patio at Chelsea's is a great dining spot.  This last visit I had the green chile burger for lunch.  It was delicious and the service was fantastic. Way to go Chelsea's!
4	Some things are just better when done outside, this includes dining on the great patio at Chelsea's KitchenDuring my visit I did not see Chelsea, if she is even real,  however I did see the kitchen and most importantly, I sat on the vine covered patio complete with a fireplace.Our meal started  out with the seasonal specialty, a yellow tomato with 12 year old balsamic, goat cheese and sea salt ($10) This dish was decent, the tomato was firm however I would have liked to have had a bit more goat cheese. I always thought yellow tomatoes were not ripe yet, however this proved otherwise.The ahi taco platter was too alluring to resist, keeping it somewhat healthy I opted for the veggies in lieu of the rice and beans. The high grade fish was seared perfectly, the guacamole was good as was the pico. The Veracruz veggies were just so so, as were the small handmade rough corn tortillas I was excited for.Come in, enjoy the patio and the food.
4	We have been here so many times and every time it is great food and great service.This time we did get one meal that was very bland. I brought it to the servers attention. On the way back from the restroom the manager stopped me to shake my hand and thank me for brining it to their attention. "I would rather find out these issues early in the morning (it was early morning) than go through the entire day serving bland food." We then later overhead him talking to the kitchen staff and asking if that dish had been adjusted. They also took care of a portion of the bill.Timely, kind and sincere response to a negative customer experience will always keep me coming back. Every restaurant will have it's issues from time to time, but it is all in how they respond to them. This managers actions and demeanor where the true example of customer service.
4	Simple but fantastic organic menu in a quiet, warm, friendly restaurant. Reasonably priced too. And the wine was amazing! Try any of the Pinots, my fave. The place was packed last night! Highly recommend this one!Why not 5 stars... more family orientated, less chic, but if that is fine with you, then assume a 5. Great for a date too by the way.
5	This place is amazing! The restaurant was pretty packed but we got seated very quickly. We ordered the tuna tartare & guacamole...SO GOOD. The tortilla chips were very crunchy, fresh and almost the best part!My friend and I split the Chelsea's hamburger and asked for it to be cut in half. They plated it on two different plates for us without us even asking, we thought that was really nice. The burger comes with fries which was seasoned with what tasted like sweet mesquite bbq flavoring...like what you found on kettle chips...sweet & salty = YUM. My absolute favoritest part of Chelsea's Kitchen was the free chocolate chip cookie sprinkled with sea salt that was offered as you walk out the door. I made sure to take the biggest cookie in the pile!
4	I had no idea about this place but was invited from a local that lived nearby.  When we first arrived I thought "oh no valet parking" because there was no regular parking. Yes I'm cheap I hate to pay before I've even gotten in the front door. The good news is they don't charge you when there are no regular spaces so I was ok.  We sat inside and I really liked the atmosphere from the get go.  Very upbeat and the place was pretty packed for a weeknight.  The menu looked good with many selections.  My friend go the ribs and I had the aji tacos and the other woman with us had the veggie tacos.  My plate normally comes with either black beans or fermented veggies.  I kind of could not decide so I had them give me both of them.  I liked the presentation of everything, The tortillas are really good and the only problem is they give one plate for two hungry people.  We had to ask for a couple more plates they were so good.  Everything tasted great and I thought the wait person was super nice and friendly.  There was a cute little baby at the table behind us that made everyone smile.  It is a little loud but not too bad.  It is definitely a good date spot. Overall a fun time
2	The wait staff was very friendly, but our reservation for eight was taken in error for the back patio which can only accommodate 6 persons.  Regardless, they did get us setup in the front patio and comped the chips and guac.Everyone said their food was delicious, but my short rib and my wife's chicken was very dry, good flavor, but dry.They also had a service issue where 4 of the 8 people were served, and the other 4 were served also 10 minutes after.I may go back in the future, but for the money, I wouldn't bring a large group there.
4	This was a pretty nice place to stop for lunch. Nice environment, friendly and attentive service, and pretty good food.It's a small menu, but there are a few things that look to be worth trying. This time I went with a French dip with fries. The sandwich was good - quality meat and bread with a nice flavored dip. The plate was piled high with fries - easily twice as much as there should have been. But they were very tasty - nicely seasoned, with a little sugar and maybe a hint of cinnamon.For a nice place with all organic food, the prices were definitely reasonable.
5	Great food, great service, fantastic atmosphere. This place is busy for lunch and busier for dinner. You can't go wrong ordering just about anything. A personal favorite for lunch is the French Dip. The salmon was outstanding. Try the side of Mac and Cheese. It's the best I've ever had; white cheese, and creamy but not very thick.
4	This is another place that makes me furious at myself for not having checked out sooner. Many items on the menu are made from local ingredients. It's not often that I rave about a salad, but the farm-fresh greens and killer bleu cheese dressing were AWESOME....couldn't stop raving about it. This was followed by, I kid you not, THE BEST French Dip Sandwhich I've EVER had! It was like they thin sliced prime rib and put it on an awesome roll (not too hard not too soft)...add a little creamy horseradish and you're set. Not wanting to cut my gluttony short, I topped this off with some killer Key Lime Pie. I love this place and can't wait to go back. It's too bad it's summer because the patio and indoor/outdoor bar look like a great place to enjoy some awesome food. I will definitly be back soon.
4	Went there for an anniversary party.  Sat on the outdoor patio.  Very pleasant and great food.  Nothing too fancy, just great food!
3	I went to Chelsea's Kitchen last night.  I had heard a lot of buzz about this place and how amazing it is.  The ambience was very nice.  I really liked the back outdoor area.  Service was great and very attentive.  I always have "modifications" so I am always happy when things come out the way I ordered it- which is actually pretty rare.  We both had burgers that were really good.  I think they ruined the fries with that BBQ-ish seasoning- I couldn't eat them.  I usually don't complain about this because I usually know what to expect before I go to the restuarant, but I must say I was a little shocked at how expensive this place was.  There were other things I wanted to try but I didn't really wanna pay $26 for tacos.  I'm the farthest thing from a cheap-ass and I really liked this place but I'm not sure if its the place I'd want to go to drop $100+ on dinner and drinks for 2.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. The menu really has something for everyone and it is all delicious. Favorite dishes include their tacos, tuna burger and nachos. Their margaritas ain't bad either and the red velvet cake is epic.
5	I love this place.  I wish I could move into Chelsea's Kitchen and never leave.  First of all the service is outstanding.  Things usually go perfect, but if they don't you really get a sense of how a restaurant should be run.  I take all out of town guest here and always end up getting a ton of praise for my dinner recommendations.I have people beg me to overnight them the Red Velvet Cake.  The Nachitos are so simple, but done to perfection.  If all of the "Best Things I've Ever Tasted" menu isn't enough, they out do themselves with those delicious little cookies they offer you when you leave.Try it, you'll like it.  There's a party in my tummy, so yummy!
5	Ahi Tuna Tacos...I feel like that should be all I have to say.  I have been an on and off low-carb dieter for years and consider Chelsea's Ahi Tuna Tacos with a side of cottage cheese to be the closest thing to hedonism a low carber can experience.  The soft taco shells come on the side, so you can just attack the Ahi, a little Guac, and the Taco Fixins without restraint.This is besides the fact that it's a clean, well managed, high service operation.   You won't be disappointed.
4	Great food, large portions, very nice patio.
4	Nice place. The waitress was super sweet.  I got a chopped salad that was really good. Friends got the Nachitos! Huge and yummy! I also got a lemonade drink of some kind that was very good.  We went on a Tuesday but it was still very busy.... my salad came quick but the Nachitos took longer than I think they should have.  It was very loud and we all had to lean in to each other to hear what we were each saying but other than those couple things, nice classy place.
3	I have been back for brunch and it is pretty fab. My kid loves the bacon and I devour the chicken chiliques (sp?)
2	I would rate it much higher if it wasn't so pricey.  It seems like it would be a fairly casual restaurant, but the prices are more in line with almost fine dining, so I was surprised to spend that much, which disappointed.The food was good though, with reasonable portions, but I was expecting more.  Service was also not very good at all. We told our server we were in a hurry and she still took forever to get us our check and get us checked out. Overall, the food is good and if you feel like 21 dollars for tacos is reasonable, then go for it because they are tasty, but I thought it was a little bit of a jip.
5	WoNdErFuL pLaCe!!  Appetizer fav- I like the avocado dip with chips.  Dinner fav- I like crispy chicken salad, or brussel sprout salad with salmon.and yes, I like the cookies that taste like too much salt was added to the batch... it reminds me of my own baking... ;)
5	have never had a bad meal. From the delmar salad to the short rib tacos, everything is fresh and tasty.very great staff, only had one bad wait experience. great free kids menu, and they are always super friendly towards my two yr old.
1	My husband and I went to this place for dinner on a Friday night last year. The place was packed and we knew right away that we had to wait quite a bit for a table. The overall review of this place is so promising that we did not mind waiting quite a bit for a table. The ambiance was nice, casual, and has a friendly atmosphere. We finally got a table after waited for about half-an-hour. We were seated outside, which was even better atmosphere. I ordered Tuna Sashimi Salad for a starter and Wood-fired Rotisserie Chicken (served with homemade spaetzle and chicken jus). While my husband ordered Chelsea's Cheeseburger. Long story short, loved everything that we ordered EXCEPT the Wood-fired Rotisserie Chicken. It's hardly cooked, although I didn't see any blood, but it was nearly inedible. I was so put off by it that I just want to get our bill and get the heck out of there and vowed never to return. The waitress found out about the chicken when she cleaned the table and noticed that the chicken was not fully cooked. She apologized and said that we wouldn't be charged for it. I would have given this place 4-5 stars had it not been the lousy house specialty. It was the one that really ruined my experience. It was a total waste of time and money.
3	White sangria was awesome. The prickly pear vodka drink is also great. Just went and got drinks with friends. No wait, just walked right in and sat at the bar... Had some chips and guac which was super fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is great, low key and chill. Music playing is fun and low in volume so you can actually talk to the people you came with. Loved it.
4	Chelsea's Kitchen has the perfect combination of ambience, friendly service, and delicious food! Immediately upon entering, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who offered us a sampling of their salty chocolate chip cookies. Tempted, we told her we would try after lunch. The wait staff was very attentive and took our orders promptly. Drinks came out soon after ordering and we did not wait long for our lunches either- white sangria: light and crisp, refreshing with the fresh fruitArnold Palmer: the perfect balance of lemonade and ice tea. On a hot Phoenix day it's perfect!Short rib tacos: a must! The short ribs are tender and not fatty! Plus the tortillas are warm and just the right consistency to stand up to this meaty taco filling! Seared ahi tuna- good if you are looking for something light.And for dessert: red velvet cake! This slice with cream cheese frosting was mouth-watering! There is a misproportion of cream cheese toCake, and the cake is slightly densier than we prefer, but it was flavorful and addicting the more you ate. The under study on this plate, but deserves recognition is the buttercream gelato! Yum-o!!! At the end of our meal, our bellies were full and satisfied. I would definitely recommend this place to others, although warning: it is on the pricier side as other yelpers have mentioned! Lastly, before leaving the hostess remembered I wanted to try the cookies. She came to the door and opened the jar before I left! How sweet!!!! (cookie was alright not my favorite)
2	Got pork tacos which were mostly fat. I couldn't eat them. I wasn't that impressed by the whole meal. The best part was the free chocolate chip cookie we got as left. It as very loud with a throbbing base. I brought two small children and they were nicely accommodated. Their fish kids meal was delicious. After dinner pressed organic coffee was like water.
4	Really great menu and generally great food. the fish tacos, fresh guacamole, and yummy prickly pear margs. Used to love their brussel sprout salad but the last two that I've gotten were not up to par and hit my stomach like lead; one had practically  poorly chopped brussel sprouts in it and the other had way too much oil on it. But everything else seems to be fairly consistent.  Would like to give that salad one more chance. I miss it.
3	Decent food. Big pile of Salt on their cookies, WHY?? Dry burger buns. Great red velvet cake.Really friendly service.
5	Every time I have come to enjoy a nice morning meal I am surprised with something on the menu I never thought to order. Stinging here this morning it was the norm: huevos rancheros YUM!A recommendation from the exceptional waiter (cute by the way) and I am now finishing my mouth watering taste bud pampering order of Chelsea's Hot Cakes!!! Plus Plus PlusP.S. don't ask for the Bellini... They are out. Sad Face. But Saturdays the endless Mimosa sounds like a good deal.
4	Short rib tacos were incredible. Large serving- I could of made 6+ tacos. Corn tortillas were hot and fresh and perfect for making tacos. My wife had the Chelsea burger and it was delish as well. We tried the chocolate nouveau cake (described as an underdone brownie) which was great but served cold?! Not sure if this was a mistake but next time I am ordering it  "warm". Came with pistachio gelato. The food around us looked great. I want to try the rotisserie chicken sometime and the fried chicken. Nachos looked good but huge portion.
4	To start off, this review should have been given months ago since we tend to go here a couple times a month. Chelsea's is our favorite place to ride our beach cruisers down the canal so we can partake in some cocktails and great American comfort food. Favorite Dish: It has to be the Prime Rib French Dip. With very generous potions of beef and a homemade baguette you would think that would be enough. They take it a step farther with an amazing homemade horseradish sauce and perfect au jus. Wait there is also the Fish Tacos. The fish is so fresh and flaky and the brown's sauce with fresh vegetables make this a meal that has to be tops. I then remember the Chicken Nachitos, Pan Fried Chicken, Soups and so much more. There are so many favorite dishes it's very hard to choose one. You can't go wrong.Service: Chelsea's has had a lot of the same servers for the last two years we have been going there. That tells me two things, one the establishment takes good care of there employees and they are happy. The other is that Chelsea's has done an amazing job in finding good, knowledgeable and friendly staff. Amazing how service can make a meal taste so much better.Dessert: Yes have the Red Velvet Cake. You will gladly run the extra 5 miles tomorrow. So after a great meal and some drinks we make our way home via the canal in hope that the ride will burn a few of the many calories we indulged in. We are so fortunate to be able to have a pit stop midway at the Biltmore Resort. Review coming soon!
4	Solid 4 Star Restaurant! Great Margaritas. Fantastic salsa and guac. Friendly service. Spacious and comfortable patio. All in all, this is one of those places that makes me wish I lived around the corner. I would be here all the time.
5	The atmosphere here is so warm and inviting.  Both the inside and the patio are large and open.  This place is always buzzing, and usually has a wait, but is always worth it.  My favorite salad from here is the brussel sprout salad, which initially sounds like a turn-off.  However, at the time I was not even sure if I liked brussel sprouts. Turns out, this is one of my all-time fav-salads and is a go-to item for lonely take-out nights!
4	This place has been added to my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Very friendly and accommodating staff. I like everything from the look, to the feel, especially the food, and of course the smell of this place. Between everyone in the party we had half the dam menu on the table so we all shared a little so we could all try everything. On the menu itself they have lots of great dishes but I will tell you its all about the short rib meat or short rib taco platter. These short ribs are unreal, and definitely there go to item on the menu. You get a huge portion of meat! So smokey and freakin yum, that's all I can say. The special of the night is what I got. Halibut with a vanilla butter sauce and potato fennel puree. The sauce was so good. I noticed myself saying yum out-loud after every bite. Totally comin back soon. This place does breakfast and I will be checking it out. Two things I did not like. First the parking lot is small and 25% is self parking and 75% of it is what they call free valet, which is bull shit. Now if you don't want to walk to the parking garage under the building next to the restaurant you now have to tip a guy that gets your car that is no more then 50 feet away. I feel insulted and taking advantage of when I have to pay to park when I have to pay for the food that brought me here. I don't have to tip these valet guys is what the host tells me. I'm not that asshole but i wanted to be. The second thing was the dessert menu was limited and nothing stands out. So we passed and went elsewhere for that. So next time I cruz by and there is a open space in the free parking area I will dip in for some good eats!!!
4	I had such a lovely experience here from beginning to end. My 2 children ate free and loved their fish meal. We got delicious burgers and lemonade. And to finish it off, a free and oh so yummy chocolate chip cookie. You must go here!
4	Amazing short rib tacos. Cool vibe. Come here!
2	First of all, $16-$19 for tacos I have to assemble myself?  The kitchen only slaps stuff on a plate and the rest is up to you.  The tuna tasted fishy and the pork was flavorless.  The only thing that saves this place from getting one star rating is the corn tortillas.  Also, only 4 beers on tap?  The best is that they offer valet parking.  You could give them your car and watch them drive it 5 feet to park it in one of the spots in front of the door.  Or, you could suck it up and walk another 10 feet and park it yourself.  I really want to like this place, but just don't get all the high ratings.  Maybe anything tastes good when it is 115 degrees out.
4	The patio is a great place to sit back and enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather for about 7 months of the year.  Right now, is not one of those months though.  Chelsea's doesn't like to disappoint so there are misters cooling it off.We went last week and sat inside after the lunch rush was over.  It does get busy due to it's great location, food and service.  Ordered the Chicken Nachitos and a Salad.  The nacho dish is HUGE, you have been warned.  This is one of the reasons that I love the Arcadia 'hood, so much within walking distance!  We drove though, still too hot.Chelsea, I'll be seeing you soon for another sweet rendezvous...
5	You can add The White Wine Sangria and Del Mar Salad to the list of awesome food here. Can't wait to come here for brunch on Saturday for $12 unlimited mimosas!!!!!
4	I would have given this restaurant 5 stars but didn't like the sweet spice on the french fries.  Other than that, the food was so mouth watering, homemade and excellent complex flavors.Service - outstanding!Atmosphere - awesome.  I love the smell of a wood fired oven when you walk in.Food:Tuna tartare w/guacomole on chips - orgasmic.  I make good guac but this stuff was over the top.Short rib tacos.  First of all, street sized homemade corn tortillas that were deliciously moist.  the short ribs were absolutely incredible and you can separate the meat by barely touching with a fork.  It comes with black beans which are so well seasoned over white rice.  Fresh salsa, more guacamole.  It was so friggin tasty.  On the way out, they have freshly baked chocolate chips cookies with sea salt, which are complimentary.I love this place and will definitely be back.  They have such a great menu and so many things to try.  I would have never stopped at this place unless I hadn't read the Yelp reviews.  it also came highly recommended by the Concierge at Intercontinental Montelucia in Paradise Valley.
5	Absolutely amazing!! I have nothing bad to say about this place. Everything is fresh and local, and the service is fantastic! Outdoor seating is lovely too.I ordered the tacos. They were YUMMY! My friends ordered the salads, which they claimed were amazing and just as yummy as my tacos. Make sure to get a pitcher of the sangria as well. Some of the best sangria I've had.MUST GO.
5	Wonderful food, good service and great atmosphere. Go during the very long nice season in Phoenix and sit on the patio. Always opt for the food and drink specials.A fine place for kids, if you can keep them under control.
4	Chelsea's Kitchen has NEVER disappointed me.  I come by myself, or I bring out of town visitors with me.  It is always good, everytime. If you want to go there for a date or a family dinner, you won't be disappointed.  The Ahi Tuna Burger is my fave!!!!  They have a pretty substantial  wine list as well
5	While looking up a menu for a different restaurant, we realized it was Arizona Restaurant week.We skimmed through the list of other places and called for a reservation.we were told it wasn't necessary for a Saturday night, that it was about a 15 min wait, so off we went! We didn't even wait..we were seated immediately. The restaurant was pretty full.It was LOVELY. Such a pretty restaurant. Nice, friendly service and a beautiful patio.We sat outdoors and it was great. A nice selection of music was playing and it was just a great vibe. Yes it was loud, but in a fun way.We ate off the AZ restaurant week menu-salad, short ribs and red velvet cake. All AMAZING!!The short ribs were super tender and the dessert was perfect.Pretty restrooms too :)Can't wait to go back!
4	This place certainly delivers on the ambiance factor, but....$14 for a salad? REALLY? And $9 for a plate of kale? REALLY? I think this place needs to get over themselves on the food pricing.Mind you....that Kale Salad was one of the best kale salads to ever have hit my tongue. And I have eaten many kale salads in my life thus far.The fries that came with my mother's burger were-interesting. The first taste that hit my tongue was sugar. After many more bites and confirmation from others at the table it is true....they put a lot of sugar in the seasoning used on the french fries (which were horribly limp and soggy!!). I won't use my discretionary calories on those again. The service prior to being seated was fair at best. We sat at the bar for 5-10 minutes before the overly busy bartenders made their way over to us. Frequent checking was non existent. If you get a chance sit on the patio if the weather is nice. It's lovely!
5	One of the best Prime Rib spots in Phoenix, with great salads and fresh fish. Wonderful outdoor patio and bar, rarely a wait, and excellent service. I am that idiot who has to change everything on the menu, and they have never had the slightest problem making any adjustments I asked for. I would give them ten stars if I could.
3	This place gets an A+ for ambiance and setting, and for their complimentary sea salt choc chip cookies. Yes, that's right - there is sea salt on top of these cookies. BUT, when it comes to their actual menu and food, its only a C for me. Their chicken nachos? Save your $14. They give you a ton of chips but lacked cheese and chicken so you can't really call these nachos. Their Ahi Tuna Burger - this is not a flank piece of ahi. Instead, its ground up ahi tuna meat mixed with fillers to create a patty.Probably the best thing i had was their Kale Salad, but that's not enough to draw me back here. Save your money and go somewhere else, and make your own sea salt choc chip cookies.
4	This was our second visit to Chelsea's Kitchen.  They have valet parking available, but there is lots of self parking in the same parking lot.  It's quicker just to self park.We sat indoors both times.  When the weather is right, the outdoor patio is popular, but I prefer indoor seating.  It feels comfortable sitting inside.  The way the tables and booths are set up it feels comfortable, and not crowded.  The spacing is just right.  During peak times, there is a full bar inside to relax while you wait for a table.We started with tuna tartare, guacamole and chips.  It was a good choice.  We also ordered some beer.  The beer choices were limited.  The table next to us had a pitcher of sangria ... that looked like the better choice.For dinner we had the short rib tacos and the ahi tuna.  My son had the kids meal mac and cheese.  I've had the short rib tacos both times I've been here, and it's outstanding.  The braised meat is tender, and served with corn tortillas, beans, guac, tomatoes, etc.  All of our meals were good, but the short rib tacos were the best.For dessert we shared the red velvet cake.  It comes with a small scoop of vanila ice cream.  It could have come with a little more ice cream.  The cake was moist and not too sweet.  It was gone in a minute.  The bill for four including drinks and tip was $120.On the way out, they have chocolate chip cookes with sea salt sprinkled on top.  A nice touch.  My son grabbed two cookies, and finished them on the drive back to the hotel.  Great dinner!
5	Good food and outstanding service!At first I thought the menu was to random but everything we got was really good!Kelly our server was really nice and made our "date" night perfect!
4	I enjoyed the green chile burger, white sangria, and guacamole with ahi tuna!But my favorite part of all.... those little chocolate chip cookies topped with sea salt.... mmmmOMG so good!!!
3	Food was good. Service slow. Children screaming and pulling on curtains was distracting when trying to enjoy a nice meal. Would like to see management address parents to control their kids before it ruins the experience of other patrons. This has happened twice now!
5	We were told that this is the best place to eat in Phoenix.  That is quite a high expectation.  We were able to sit in the courtyard, which was set up beautifully.  The menu contained variety and the food was certainly delicious.  The margaritas were also amazing and service was excellent. Overall a wonderful experience.
4	Yumm!!!
5	Awesome place! Amazing patio and ambiance with a clean open kitchen. The host and serving staff is professional. Great date night place. The complimentary choc. chip cookies as you leave is a nice touch that impressed me. Valet outside full time.
5	LOVE this restaurant.  The food is amazingly delicious.  The patio is super cute.  Service is always top-notch.  My favorites are the brussels sprouts salad and fish tacos.  Yummy!! :)
5	We tried to go on Friday nite, but we couldn't even get into the parking lot at 6pm.  We decided to come back for Sunday Brunch at 10am.  Good call since the restaurant quickly filled and the noise level steadily increased by 11a when we left.  Holy Moley on the Portion sizes!  I got the green chile burger and fries and despite help from DH, I still couldn't finish this overwhelming sized burger and fries.  Bring a friend or an enormous appetite when you go.  Delicious food: guacamole was chunky and fresh, salsa was spicy and chips were freshly made, burger was good, but perhaps not a date nite food due to sloppy spill factor, coffee was terrific and orange juice was fresh squeezed.  DH got the Chilaquiles and LOVED them.  I snuck a little taste and loved the mix of red ranchero and green salsa pools at the bottom of his plate.  We skipped lunch due to the size of this delicious  brunch.
5	Love Chelsea's Kitchen :) I had the Del Mar Salad, comprised of shrimp, lobster, olive, avocado, lettuce, and a salsa, with a champagne dressing, and a side of their Russian dressing. It was the perfect portion and delicious, and tasted very fresh. If I wasn't on a diet, I would have gotten what my friend got, the Chelsea's Kitchen Cheeseburger, which looked sooooo good! I'm going to keep going back there because everything on the menu sounded wonderfully delicious.The service was awesome too. We were seated immediately, drinks a second later, and it seemed our meal was in front of us within minutes. All the servers were polite and efficient :) The interior design makes it a great place for anything too. My friend and I were just there for a casual lunch, but I can see going there with a large group, or on a date.I'm certainly going to be a Chelsea's Kitchen patron from now on!
5	Great food and drinks and even better patio.  A little pricy though.
5	Hello Chelsea!  Yep one of my "aces"  I love Chelsea's Kitchen complimentary valet and boom you're in the mix.  The smell from the outside draws you in while you approach a cute little patio; great especially during the cooler weather.  Not to worry if it's full, cause just around the back they have a nice sized outdoor patio where sits a firewood place.  X-mas lights hanging from the trees while you gaze into the fireplace, I need a snuggie please!Mimosa? Why yes, Chelsea's also serve brunch, but why not stay for dinner too.   I love their tacos!  I've had several servings plus their burgers are great too!  Go for the Green Chile Burger -- some kick, but not too shabby.  As for the Tacos, go for the Short Rib tacos...man the smell and taste - me likes guacamole!  Service was great!  Always with smile and drinks are a must.  Some mimosa, wine or beer; it's a delight. - Enjoy!
5	Love this place, great for a lazy Sunday.
4	A bit noisy for dinner but the fried chicken is awesome! Parking is a bit of a hassle on a bumpin' night but the complimentary valet is a plus! During the holidays the restaurant is decked out to suit any holiday dinner you plan on sharing with fam or a friend.
2	Great place! Awesome food and atmosphere, try the short rib tacos! Only complaint, they discontinued their happy hour menu for food. But other than that, great place to eat!
1	My friends and I always joke about the service at Chelsea's and we were willing to deal with it because the food and atmosphere are what we are looking for some days.  I have never had a problem with service on the restaurant side, only at the bar and patio.  I took a first date there on Sunday evening.  We arrived at 5 pm and were just going to get some cocktails and maybe an appetizer.  We sat in the bar area inside. Not at the bar, but at the pub tables.  We were talking, enjoying our conversation and about 10 minutes into our visit, we still hadn't been approached by anyone with a greeting or menus.  We kept talking but now I was trying get the attention of the server.  There were only 2 other people at the bar.  They weren't busy.  Being a first date, I didn't want to make a scene, so I suggested we go somewhere else.  I was still trying to get the attention of the server and/or bartender.  We kept enjoying our conversation and finally, after 33 minutes (I am not kidding) without so much as a "hello", we left and headed for Hillstones.  I was so embarrassed as Chelsea's was my suggestion.  I WILL NOT be giving Chelsea's my business anymore.
5	as you are walking in the parking lot to chelsea's kitchen you begin to experience chelsea's kitchen.  the smell of wood burning.  the inside of the restaurant is definitely a wow factor.  fyi, the restrooms are nice too.  lol.the service is top notch!  i feel very welcomed while eating here.the food is the best.  the chicken nachos starter is amazing!  the cheslea's kitchen cheeseburger and green chile burger, and howie burger are the very best!  the ribeye steak, rotisserie chicken, pork roast wake up my taste buds.c.k. is in my top 3.
4	This place has been thoroughly reviewed by many folks. What else can I say, but this place has some good food. I went with the spare rib tacos and came away happy and full. You receive a generous portion of meat and then the salsa, guac etc. The tortillas are great.The service was very good. My wife has gone there many times in the past and said the service was the one area of concern.One thing that i find weird is the entrance is right next to where you pick up the food. That is a disaster waiting to happen! A great meal for a very reasonable price. A definite winner!
4	After losing our reservations at a large restaurant( Grand Lux..don't make reservations there!) we desperately called around and were squeezed in at Chelsea's. Thank you Chelsea's!!  The service was great  and the food was delicious. The steak tacos were yummy!! The sangria was so good we had two pitchers! Ok..the two hamburgers that came out were not well-done as requested but  they re-made them and took them off the bill. That is why they don't get 5 stars.  The red velvet cake was perfect for desssert!  Thank you Chelsea's Kitchen for getting us in and helping us have a great holiday party!
5	Perfection every time! I love the ahi tuna tacos, and the short ribs are incredible too! Top 5 in town for me!
5	Super casual, great food and drinks, cool place to hang on a Sunday after a crazy Saturday night.
2	Wish I'd happened upon joyce k's review, prior to trekking in here last night, cuz the $14 ahi burger jump started an oddly disappointing evening.  Very thin composite patty, neither grilled not seared pink inside, but griddled grey all the way through, like a Boca burger. The bun was maybe one grade above a commercial McDonald's bun. Soft and unsubstantial. Since this $14 entree excluded sides, I paid an additional $3 for "root vegetables", apparently Chelseas' code for 'colorless scoop of undercooked fried potato cubes'.  We'd eaten here a year or so prior and had a more than respectable meal with a charming young waiter, so were genuinely surprised at how cobbled together and prideless this dish appeared. Yet even I admired how our strategically inattentive waitress 'forgot' to ever swing by and inquire how little I was enjoying this star crossed (or was it Starkist?) patty.  She gets it...this restaurant biz. A grand total of four beers on tap, starting at $7 a pint? You do realize, Chelseaphiles, the object of your rather pricy affectation abuts the backside of a gas station along the guanoed canal and a bug infested apartment eyesore looms across the street?  Yeah, sure. It's "Arcadia". Whatever you say.    As a weird and perhaps inappropriate aside, it took my actively searching wife and I most of the evening to spot a single 'person of color' in this sprawling, adequately lit establishment.  It was packed with a forty minute wait, so we're talking hundreds and hundreds of people.  I finally saw an older woman off in a corner who the missus confirmed vaguely looked Philipino. Sure, it's just one snapshot on a Thursday night, and I have nothing against PV Caucasians descending from hilltop palazzos for a "comfortable", burger, cookie and confab.  White folk gotta eat.  Heck, we're hungry, white and reside on a gentle knoll ourselves. But all the same, in a major city in 2011, it's probably fair to at least wonder if such a notable absence of color was entirely coincidental or, like some of the food and service, a product of less tasteful intentions.
5	Came here for a celebratory dinner for my friend. There were about 15 in our group and we were seated outside on the well heated patio. We had five heaters around us!We had two servers who were super efficient. They got drink orders in and out with each guest/s that arrived at all the various times. The group started with 2 orders of the chicken nachitos loaded with yummy guacamole that were quickly devoured. For my main entree I ordered the surf and turf tacos which consists of lobster and filet mignon. I like the fact that Chelsea's Kitchen offers gluten free options without extra charge, but I still went with the corn tortillas that come standard with any taco entree option. Holy delicious! I can't even accurately describe the party that went on in my mouth! The dish came with a kale salad, guacamole, and pico de gallo. There were two dipping sauces, aioli and a salsa type, the aioli came out on top and landed on every bite that went into my mouth. I really wanted to lick the little container it came it, but I had to pretend to be a lady. The filet was cooked medium, but looking back I should have gotten it prepared at the medium rare temperature because the outside was pretty cooked. For dessert I split the sundae with a friend and I love that you get to put your own toppings on. When you order the sundae you get two sauces: carmel and chocolate and three toppings: rainbow sprinkles (or jimmies for my East Coasters), Oreo crumbles, and chocolate and peanut butter chips! So fun to create your own dessert!The service and food were spectacular (especially for a large group) and I can't wait to come back for another meal!
4	Such a beautiful restaurant!  Sit outside on the patio, even when its chilly it's not bad out here due to the fireplace and multiple space heaters.Had brunch, the pancakes, light and fluffy and delicious.  One curiosity was the strong lemon flavor to the pancakes.  It wasn't bad at all, they were excellent, but there was no mention of the lemon flavor and it might turn off some people.Great fresh squeezed orange juice in the screwdrivers as well :)
3	For dinner, it's Hillstone/Houstons with a bit more flair. But you'll end up spending a ridiculous amount of money on a non-offensive, passably mediocre menu. Brunch is a much better bang for your buck. The sangria is great along side some chiliquiles or the lemon ricotta pancakes. Or just go to LGO to avoid the 20 percent mark up for brunch.
2	We arrived on a Friday night at 6:30 with no reservations. We got a drink at the bar while we waited 35 minutes for our table. This place has a beautiful interior, a lovely patio with trees and heaters, and quick attentive service. Now that I've got the good stuff out of the way, I thought the food was bland and overpriced. I paid $18 for a tasteless serving of short rib tacos. The meat was tender and juicy but had no flavor *at all*. I did enjoy the small kale salad on the side of the plate and the fresh corn tortillas were amazing but the main part of the dish was pretty boring for how much I paid for it. My dining partner had a cheeseburger, which was pretty good in comparison, but those are pretty hard to mess up, but for $13 it could have been better also. Another reviewer mentioned the lack of people of color. I noticed that too about this place but I feel that way about a lot of Phoenix establishments, it's a remnant of the enforced segregation in Phoenix that ended not too long ago. All in all I was not impressed and I would not go back.
4	Chelseas has good food, service and ambiance. Fun crowd too.Prices are reasonable relative to their offerings, including drinks.Definitely on our rotation.Don't fill up on dinner and dessert so you can try the gratis chocolate chip sea salt cookies on your way out.
2	I would have given one star, but the food is delicious. However, when you go for brunch and order huevos rancheros wouldn't you expect beans and rice? Yes of course you would, because that combination is delicious and awesome. But not at Chelsea's kitchen - you now get a smaller portion of huevos rancheros with a side of... wait for it.... strawberries. SERIOUSLY??? NOT DELICIOUS! When we asked the server about the substitution she informed us the beans and rice have strictly been forebode from the menu. GROSS - how can you honestly serve huevos rancheros and tell me there is not one single bean or grain of rice in your kitchen?? We used to come here at least once a month for brunch, but we won't come back until the beans and rice have returned and we can enjoy huevos rancheros as it should be. Chelsea's kitchen - getting rid of this delicious side was an egregious mistake. Fix it.
3	Nice quiet little place to have breakfast or brunch. I wasn't too impressed with the egg halendaise. The price is a bit pricey for what the portions all.
3	Was 5 Star before killed Mac'n Cheese- bring back the O'Mac.
5	This was one of the best all-around restaurant experiences we've had in a long time! Pulled in to discover free valet, beautiful landscaping, and a classy entrance. Both the interior of the restaurant and the patio have elegant, modern decor. I was impressed down to the thought-out ceiling of the bathroom! The hostess was incredibly friendly and pointed out exactly where the person was that we were meeting. A very nice gesture, she seemed to know we hadn't met him before :) The bar is an indoor/outdoor setup, and we ordered a white sangria (YUM!) and a Green Flash IPA (pretty standard, nothing too special). We were seating within 15 minutes. Fantastic wait service, very positive and was at our table the perfect amount of times. Very gracious and gave us suggestions based on what the wait staff like to eat, which if you have worked in the restaurant industry, you know to listen! We started with the guacamole and salsa. The tomatillo salsa was roasted and had a unique flavor, we really liked it. The guac was just fantastic, very flavorful. We really like garlic in our guac and you could definitely taste it. Even the chips seemed well thought-out, a unique shape and puffy rather than your standard Tostito. They brought us more chips for free. For dinner we split an order of the Seared Ahi Tacos - WOW. Impressive all around. The menu specified that the Ahi was sashimi grade, which we were glad to see. It was perfectly seared and melt-in-your-mouth tender. I wouldn't be surprised if they make the corn tortillas there. They are on the smaller end (so you can eat more tacos, of course) and nicely grilled. They arrived wrapped and warm. The tacos also came with a very unique kale slaw instead of just your standard lettuce, which we absolutely loved. They also came with more guac, roasted salsa, black beans, a creamy sauce that we are used to having with fish tacos, and wedges of lime. They bring the plate to you fajita-style, so you decide what to put on your tacos. We were literally saying "Oh my god, so good." pretty much the entire meal. Wish we could have tried dessert but after splitting an appetizer three ways and an entree two ways, we literally couldn't eat another bite. We had to struggle to finish the tacos. We were wearing dressy casual clothes (jeans/button up shirt for him, sweater/jeans/boots for her) and felt very appropriately dressed. The prices are in the medium range here, but well worth it. You get exactly what you pay for - very quality food in large quantities! Definitely make a reservation if you are going for dinner - we went on a Wednesday night with a reservation and still waited about 15 minutes. We can definitely see why this place is so popular. We are new to the area and can't wait to take friends and family to Chelsea's Kitchen when they visit!
5	I had brunch here last Sunday. Huevos Rancheros. Incredible. And the Sunday morning atmosphere was such a treat .... attractive singles, cheerful families, young, old, etc.... Well worth the trip to arcadia.
2	I legitimately have no idea what al of the fuss is over this place. We were a group of 4 there for brunch.  Ordered a bloody mary at the bar that was gross. (I happen to love bloody mary's).  We were sat at a table and then ONLY ordered food that was on Yelp's Quick Tips best foods for Chelsea's Kitchen.  We utilize this tactic to make sure that we eat what everyone raves about.  Unfortunately everything was bland, boring and uninspired.I quite frankly forgot what we ate, but my faithful boyfriend remembered that he had a white omelet thing and I had some taco rubbish.  It was all a bore.  OH! I forgot the best part,  the waitress spilled a plate all over my boyfriend.  She was very apologetic but at the ridiculous pace she was going, it was bound to happen.  Either slow down or hire more people.The bill came out to $100+, a fair price for a great meal.  This however was not.  I would have rather eaten at Postino's for the millionth and a half time than have wasted any money on this joke.I'm sorry, but I will not be recommending this place to anyone. P.S. The place is filled with 40-somethings and up so don't expect a lively crowd.  In fact if you laugh at all, people will stare at you.
4	I've been here a few times and always had a nice time, but I now feel compelled to write a review.My friend and I went here last night for dinner. Though they were already very busy at only 530, the service was quick and friendly and our food came very fast. We decided to split the Brussels sprout salad and the short rib tacos.We were both very excited for the salad, we are both huge Brussels sprouts people. However it fell very short. It would have been a million times better if they served it warm and the Brussels sprouts slightly sauteed. Instead its just a pile of cold chopped up Brussels sprouts and very spars bacon and almonds with 2 slivers of cheese. wah wah.The short rib tacos were the STAR of the meal and a total meal saver! These were absolutely outstanding says the girl who is not a fan of ribs. I honestly can not stop thinking about them! The flour tortillas that come with are made fresh and you can taste it. It would be helpful if the tortillas were about an inch bigger, but that's my only complaint. I seriously will only ever get these taco for as long as I go to Chelseas! So yum! the atmosphere here is very nice. I love all the over sized lamps and flower arrangements. The bathrooms are nice and clean. The booth we were in was a bit saggy and could stand to be a bit firmer, but thats minor. Keep it up Chelsea's!
4	This is probably my favorite patio in Phoenix. It is large with wonderful shade trees, a fireplace, and furnished nicely. Since moving here from that "coastal state next door" Phoenicians probably do not want to hear [from me] that they are not invested in the great weather here and as outdoor-oriented as they should be. It also does'nthurt that both the food and the clientele here is just the best! ....a great place to meet friends for happy hour or take a client. Everything I have had here is first-rate. The mac-and -cheese appetizer is comfort food nirvana, the lobster bisque is the best I have had, bruch is relaxed with a choice of everything from pancakes, chiliquiles, to burgers....something for everyone. My husband had the short rib tacos and was unable to finish everything.....lean meat, home made tortillas. They were excellent. I had the huevos rancheros, and the red chili sauce had just the right amount of spice and smokiness. Have I mentioned their wait staff is attentive and friendly? If it gets any better at Chelsea's, I will happily come back and give them a 5th star!
4	Chelsea's Kitchen serves really nice food in a casual environment.  Its the type of environment where expectations are flat and your meal exceeds what you'd expect.  Kale slaw is unique and the short rib tacos were tasty.  Velvet cake was pretty solid.  I'd go back.
3	Good food but not very good service. I don't know if it's because we was in tennis shoes and shorts. (We just got back from a hike in Echo Park ), but the waitress never seem to pay much attention to us since we were surrounded by well dressed group of people. I had the shrimp ceviche which was very good. Short rib taco had only 2 tortilla, what was I supposed to eat the rest of the meat with? Highlights of the meal: a handful free chocolate chips cookie with sea salt at the door, which the bf didn't even share.
3	Hands down, the best part about this place is the patio. It's cozy with a large brick fireplace, overhanging trees, and strands of white bulb lights! The restaurant actually opens out to the patio. This place is high end and the prices show it. I had the sangria which was tasty. I also had the pork belly tacos. This dish was HUGE. Way too much food for a normal person to eat. The service is very friendly as well. The demographic seems to be the uber wealthy and snobby types, but it's a nice place to go otherwise once in a while. Oh yeah, the free cookies on your way out is a plus in my book!
4	Went there last night with my husband. We called ahead but they would not take a reservation for a party of 2. They said to come over it wasnt too busy. We got there in about 15 minutes and it was packed. The place was lively and had a great buzz. We gave our name and also waited by the bar in case 2 seats became available, which they did. We got served right away by very friendly girls behind the bar.  Half the bar is inside and half outside. They had heaters on the outside part as well as tables and a fireplace. It wasnt too cold since as it turned out, that is where the seats we got were. Now for the food, I ordered the vegetarian tacos, which were so good, The vegetables were not your basic veggies, they gave me carrots, spaghetti squash, ear tree mushrooms, bok choy and parsnip. The tortillas were 3 inches in size so that helped with keeping the calories down. They were delicious. Served with kale salad and quinoa/bean mixture. My husband had the short rib tacos, the meat was so tender and flavorful. He had the same sides as I did. We passed on dessert only because we had eaten gelato at The Gelato Spot in Old Town Scottsdale, which by the way was amazing. However, Chelsea's desserts looked yummy. Next time perhaps,,,,definitely recommend this place.
1	Yes this place has a decent patio but having a breeze blow little tree leaves in to all your drinks every minute gets old. I ordered the Howie burger (medium well) with fries.  The fries were floppy and under cooked, the burger was over cooked and the caramelized onions had way way to much balsamic vinegar so they were super sweet.  Which all in all was a waste of $$ and calories. We also ordered deviled eggs as an appetizer which had sweet relish in them which did not work either.Bottom line- This place banks on there lame "waterfront" ( mud canal) atmosphere to serve crappy over priced food.OOHHHH and when leaving and having my car 75% pulled out of if its spot some valet punk does not wait and whips around me knowing I am leaving.    Who has valet when you can park yourself 10 feet away?!?  stupid
4	I just moved to Phoenix and this was the first restaurant we went to. We got there at lunch time on Saturday and there was a short wait. No problem. We ordered a pitcher of white sangria.  It was awesome and we even took the fruit that we didn't eat home so we could munch on it later!We ordered the guacamole appetizer, followed by one of us having eggs Benedict (substitute meat with LOBSTER and you will love it).  I ordered the civeche with shrimp. It was very good but I would have rather had it with a different cracker than the tortilla chips.  We also got the ribs which were excellent.Ask to sit outside if the weather is right.  It's peaceful... and don't forget your cooking on your way out.  Valet parking is nice also.  They are a little pricey for brunch/lunch, but if you can afford it, you will enjoy yourself.
4	I ate here in 09. I loved the simplicity yet smart spin on turning fare into variations of themselves.  Place was busy , we had no reso so we ate at the bar.  Good drinks, cool attractive bartender, had the ribeye tacos... Freakin delicious.... Clean, trendy fun ambiance, only a lil pricey.  I don't know how people gave this place 2 stars in reviews? Guess we all experience different things at different times.  Cheers!
5	Really nice place. Went with three people and each had a different type of taco. All were outstanding. Fresh made corn tortillas are awesome. Outdoor patio was perfect for a late afternoon lunch.  Will definitely make Chelsea's a regular stop.
4	OK, so I think I'm going to say I like this place even more than I did before. All because it is clear you have to be adventurous and try different things on the menu before you really make a judgment. On my second visit, I moved away from my standard salad order and got the vegetarian taco plate. OH MY GOD. This was one of the best vegetarian platter dishes I have ever eaten in my life. Full to the brim with things that are not necessarily "taco platter" fare but oh SO delicious in their own right. It had: pico de gallo, guacamole, baked spaghetti squash, multi-colored carrots, sauteed oyster mushrooms, anda kale/quinoa salad that melted in my mouth. The corn tortillas it came with were so perfectly charred. It was all so ubelievably wonderful. My date ordered the Hong Kong fish and really enjoyed it as well. The service was a little spotty but overall I must say I will certainly return. Such a classy place, too.
5	We really enjoyed our meal at Chelsea's Kitchen! Fresh ingredients, enticing menu and we didn't even know that kids eat free everyday off the kids menu from 3-6pm! It was a nice surprise! Staff was super friendly & the patio was great! Try the organic rotisserie chicken or the short rib tacos, you won't be disappointed! Grab a free cookie on your way out! A sweet way to end a fabulous meal!
4	This was our first time at Chelsea's Kitchen. We sat outdoors on the patio for an early lunch under the shady trees. The servers were friendly and the food was everything people have said it would be. The short rib tacos are seriously delicious. And the kale salad is an experience in gourmet wonderment. We also had the swordfish tacos--delightful. We will most certainly be back.
5	Back patio has great ambiance.  Tuna sandwich is yummy and the fries are fantastic.  Good service.  An enjoyable evening.
5	Amazing short rib tacos. Will be back soon.
5	Despite having heard wonderful things about Chelsea's Kitchen, I've never made it in to dine here before until last night.  I don't know why I waited so long, but I wish I had come sooner.Aside from being easy to find, Chelsea's has a low key look from the outside, but easy to find and spot from the road.  Upon pulling up, I realized that they had complimentary valet.  Nice!  Place is wonderfully decorated without coming off as intimidating, and has a great clean, sophisticated look yet still makes you feel comfortable eating there.  I like that. I was greeted right when I went in and was waiting for my friend Robin and her mom to arrive.  I waited outside and realized that there's a table for 8 people right outside the front door! I hung out there until Robin and her mom arrived.  When we were seated, staff was warm, friendly and attentive.  Hostess made sure we were comfortable where we sat and the server was right on it the whole night through.Since I had never been there before, I had a few questions about the menu, and in between the server and my friend, they were able to answer everything for me.  I went with the Chelsea's Cheeseburger minus the Russian Dressing.  Friends mom went with the Wood fired chicken quarter, and Robin went with the Ahi Tuna.  When the food came out, it all looked really nice! Burger was awesome, and the fries were sweet potato (i think) and were excellent.  While we were eating, the guys at the table next to us ordered a steak of some sort, and it was HUGE, and looked absolutely delicous. If I hadn't already eaten, I very well could have gone over there and taken the plate away from the poor guy it looked so good.I didn't get a chance to see it, but I heard that the patio is beautiful. I was going to go look, but I was so engrossed in my dinner and conversation, that I never got to check it out. Next time I will though.I would like to say that I wish I had come here sooner. This is my kind of dining establishment, and its absolutely worth every penny you spend here, and worth every mile you drive.
5	Best patio in town.  Order the sangria pitcher and take a load off.  I won't bore you with a long review other than recommending those two items.  Recap...Step one, get a table on the patio.Step two, order the sangria pitcher (by the glass is a rip)Step three, "take a load off".  YES that's a step!OK fine...  One more thing if you insist.  Order something to nibble on also.  Their food is wonderful.
3	I'm lukewarm about Chelsea's. Love the patio, front and back. Love the noisy chatter. And love wasting time with wine and friends for hours here.But I have to say I'm not thrilled with the food. The veggie options are ok, at least there is more than one choice. The flavor is less impressive though. The veggie tacos were blander than bland. The actual veggies are lovely and change seasonally: spaghetti squash, mushrooms, peppers, etc. But can I get a little salt and pepper on these bad boys? They tasted like nothing.The veggie burger is the same as LGO, but was perhaps prepared differently. I didn't get any of that smokey goodness I love so much at the sister restaurant. The guacamole was also lacking. Good thing they brought out a few orders of those little handmade tortillas though, cuz those suckers are melt in your mouth deliciosos.There is also a happy ending on your way out with some killer sea salt chocolate chip cookies. Between the wine and cookies, I'm good. Just wish there was a little more oomph to back up the price of the meatless fare.
4	Okay, while I have not been back. I am a HUGE proponent of being touched base with by owners/managers when I have a less than satisfactory experience.  A manager reached out to me and I will be emailing her back, but hearing her concern and that she wanted to make sure that they addressed any concerns I had is a HUGE plus for me.  Enough to go up two stars. Thank you for caring Chelsea's.  : )
5	AMAZING patio!  the ambiance and the food is to DIE for!the brussel sprout salad and sword fish tacos....YUMMMM!
5	Pricey by my standards ($50 including tip for drinks, an appetizer, and 2 entrees), but the food is exceptionally good. We could go somewhere else and eat for half that price, but after eating here, I have a difficult time going to other restaurants with lower quality food. Now I prefer to go out half as much, and eat at Chelsea's. I agree with the previous review that if you are a vegetarian, this is probably not the best place for you. I basically order the same thing every time, a hamburger, and the Arnold Palmer. Both are very good. As I said, after eating these high end burgers, I cannot eat fast food or even regular restaurant burgers any more. They taste gross to me. If you like eating cheaper burgers, don't eat here because it will ruin the experience. The environment and ambiance have a good balance between laid back and nice. You don't have to wear a suit (although you could), but you don't want to go looking like a slob either. As other reviewers have said, they have a great patio right on the canal with lots of shade.
4	On a rainy Sunday morning, Chelsea's Kitchen  sounded really good.  Unlike other brunch places, they open at 9:30 am which is GREAT! Because I love getting up early, grabbing the paper and having a leisure Sunday morning, reading about all the sales and news.  The servers were great. They brought a French Press pot of coffee to the table and even came back to pour the first cup.  Really good, and only for $2.50.  I was sold!I ordered the eggs benedict with bacon instead Canadian bacon.  Plus a side of tomatoes and avocado.  The plate came out pretty quickly.  The yoke was a bit over done, and the sauce , not enough of it.  But it was tasty!  The English muffin was delicious!  The eggs came with a bowl of fruit. The environment was great, they had the fire going and really easy going music playing, making it a great Sunday morning.  I will have to bring some other yelpers to join me on a Sunday, would love to try the white sangria, without being called a lush!
3	Every time I come here the following thoughts come to mind...- What is up with the Valet?  There is a huge parking lot and this is Arizona not Manhattan.  Why do I pay someone to pick up my car when it is literally 25 feet away from me?-This food is good but does it justify the mark up?  Let''s take the chicken for example.  It is great, but at $20 is it really twice as good as the bigger $9 plate at Lolo's?  Doubtful.-Let's tone down the whole LA vibe.  The attitude of the staff and the atmosphere it perpetuates is pretty off putting.The bottom line is that the whole LGO empire is nice and all but there are so many great alternatives in Phoenix these days that it no longer merits the ubber devoted following that myopically overlook the many other equally great spots in town.
5	Had a great brunch here today with the fam. We were in AZ for Spring Training baseball games and needed a good place to grab some grub. My husband, inlaws and I were meeting up with my aunt and uncle who live drove up from Tuscon so wanted to be sure to pick some place relaxing and worthy of the fairly long drive.The decor inside was really stylish but being such a beautiful day we really wanted to sit on the back patio! There were 8 of us total yet the hostess was able to accommodate us quite quickly considering the relatively large number of our party. The patio has really great ambiance and backs up to a canal path that I would have definitely explored had we not had to leave for our game.My Chiliquiles were delish and was so filling I didn't even need to buy any crappy ball park food later in the day. The Hubby's Prime Rib Hash looked amazing (even though I don't eat meat) and my sister in laws Kale and Quinoa salad was sooo tasty. Add in some White Sangria and a Bloody Mary and you got your self a pretty perfect little brunch!
4	Had a great experience here last night and will definitely return.  Service, atmosphere and food were great.  Food doesn't quite warrant a five star rating, although it was pretty yummy.  Hubby and i shared the brussell sprout salad as an appetizer, he had the BBQ chicken and I had the hong kong halibut dish.  Veggies were tasty in the dish, but the halibut was a little bland.  Red velvet cake for desert finished the evening off perfectly.
4	I went here today for lunch with my dad, my brother, niece, nephew, and their cousin. There were some definite pros and cons to this restaurant. Pros: Good caesar saladCUTE kid's menu, little wax toys for them to play with, AND cute sectioned plates with a good serving of tasty food....really nice for kidsThe green chile burger was tasty...not 'crazy' good, but good. They have a very nice patio which is great for beautiful days like todayCons:Valet parking....really unnecessaryTheir soup of the day was not very good...a pork posole... it did not have a ton of flavor and was not hearty enough...The prices are a bit highOverall, I liked it and would come back, but they could make some improvements.
5	Loved the place. We were not impressed by the menu until we tasted the food. They were awesome. Would go back when I am in town.
1	Dropped in hoping for dinner last night or rather what I thought would be dinner.While I hate waiting for a table, and there always seems to be a wait here, I liked the text message notification alerting table availability.My companion and I headed to the bar where there was no seating available.  There were two high top tables on the patio adjacent to the bar. We asked a server if the table's were available and she advised that on the weekend they were seated by the hostess and she was unsure how they were being handled on a Tuesday night?We confirmed with the hostess that these tables were first-come-first-served and took the seats under the very messy tree.  Nothing like small leaves in your hair and food.  No wonder they were available!After about 10 minutes sitting unattended we lassoed a waiter. He acted more than a little put out that we found him rather than the other way around.While the bar food, nachos, was edible it was served cold. The melted cheese had already congealed by the time it reached us. That was dinner, there was no further waiting for a table where actual dinner was served.Bottom line, for me, is the entitled Arcadia-scene is not for me. The food here, is edible.  The valet parking is unnecessary.  The wait, because of un-bussed tables (at least on the patio) was unnecessary.There are other more civilized places in this town to spend money. I won't be back.
4	great food, freaky good service, fantastic atmosphere.  Highly recommend sitting on patio, inside looked a bit loud.  Patio is fantastic, it is one of a few in Phoenix where it doesn't overlook a parking lot.  This is my new favorite place to take visitors.
3	3.5 starsHowie Burger was good but nothing earth shattering. I had great service and the ambience is nice. Nothing over the top though or that I would say you must visit while you are in Phx.
4	YUM!!!  My partner and I enjoyed dinner with our family here last night and it was DElicous with lot's of comfort food options, great friendly service and a cool Scottsdaleish vibe.  We will go again!
5	This review is on the weekend brunch only--Great medium sized (heavy-ish traffic) spot to hang out with friends and enjoy brunch.  The food selections is good, and their outdoor seating can't be beat.  They have the best huevos rancheros I've ever had in my life. The best eggs bennie too (with homemage english muffins)... but after tasting huevos rancheros, it's hard to bother with anything else.  The prices aren't  exactly budget friendly - but worth the occasional splurge.   Word to the wise: Mimosa's are bottomless only on Saturday - we mixed the days once and ended up spending 40 bucks on breakfast booze while the food was 20 :/
5	On a business trip to Scottsdale, my colleagues and I found Chelsea's Kitchen on Yelp, and since the ratings were mostly very good, we decided to give it a try for lunch.  Thank you very much, Yelp!  While the wait was a bit long, it was worth every minute.  The food is phenomenal, service impeccable, atmosphere friendly.... this is now my go-to place whenever I'm in Phoenix.  I'd give it 6 Stars if I could!
3	It is pricey, I admit.  But I really like the ambiance and the white sangria.  When eating at Chelsea's Kitchen, it feels like you are eating in a vineyard or spa... or somewhere more remote than Phoenix.  It is tucked in a quiet street surrounded by tree's and grass.  I've been here twice; once sitting inside, once outside.  Both options are great because you can eat without staring out at a parking lot.  Beware when sitting outside that leaves can potentially fall in your food.  But that is the price of sitting outside and I cannot mind that much.  The food was enjoyable on both visits, although again, a little expensive.  Swordfish tacos were grilled perfectly and the homemade tortillas were delicious.  The Del Mar salad was refreshing.  Tasty shrimp and crab although I wish they used something other than iceberg lettuce.  I'm going to keep on going back because the whole restaurant experience is very pleasant.  If they lower the food pricing a little, or give a little more wow factor to warrant the price, then this place will be complete.  3.5 stars
3	This defines three stars for me.  Food was ...pretty good.  Not great, but the service was sub par.  My wife had the veggie burger, which she said was pretty good, but nothing great and I had the veggie tacos, which were pretty good.  We felt a bit shuffled around with our wait staff and had to wait a pretty long time for our check and the end.   I liked the text message wait system they had going, but again the rest of the service wasn't great.  With so many other good restaurants I probably won't be back.  This doesn't really matter too much, but I thought the decor reminded me of a rich lady's vacation home...not exactly what I expected when we walked in.
5	Ahi tacos were perfect but I needed one more tortilla. Rice and beans were great too, and it all fit together masterfully. I will definitely be back. This was one of the best meals I've eaten in a long time. On the downside, we sat outside directly under one of the cooling mist makers and ended up soaked.
3	Okay, I guess- didn't suck.  Large "Gourmet" taco menu. Serves Texas Pete in the bottle for hot sauce. Server was nice.  Valet parking is kooky- cars are five feet away. Get out your wallet, this place is proud of their food.  Don't feel like I need to go back.
4	This is rough for me because i've typically loved both the food and the service at Chelsea's.  However, I'm seeing a lot of new staff there and I fear the traditionally excellent team service is starting to wane. I was there a couple of weeks ago for dinner, the cocktail (cape cod was devoid of any vodka) was wrong, sent it back.  Sent it back, twice.  The manager stopped by to say they were comping the cocktails.  I thought that was extremely good service by the manager. I didn't expect a comp, but it was nice to know they were aware. My appetizer plate had avocado smudged on it, sent it back...took a while to get a new one.   My entree came and my tortillas were missing.  The manager stopped by again to say they were comping the entire meal and any dessert we might want.  I explained that this was atypical service and that i would pay for a portion of the tab.  She declined.  I came back 2 weeks later for dinner again and immediately, put in a drink and appetizer order..and the drink ticket is lost.  I was almost finished with my appetizer and no cocktail, no glass of water yet.  the third person to check on our drink order was the hostess.  so we finally get our drinks and the manager comes over to apologize and tells me they were short handed.  Well, it was before rush, and there seemed to be a whole bunch of servers waking around, including the 3 who checked on our cocktails.   i would have liked to tell them that the service was atypical, but based on my previous visit there, i'm afraid it's beginning to become typical.  Hope I'm wrong....i still love Chelsea's and i will be going back and i would still recommend.  But there better be a change in service next time.
4	I had lunch today with coworkers (8 of us) and Chelsea's was exceptional as usual. The service was slow for showing up at 11:30, but then again it seemed as if everyone was showing up around the same time. Luckily the food was amazing as always and you can't rush love. I will be back . Hopefully for the restaurant week dinner.
4	Last night was my first visit to Chelsea's Kitchen and definitely not my last! The combo of top notch service, delicious food and a fab atmosphere has made me an official fan of this place. I love that they send text messages to alert the customer when the table is ready!We started with an order of the shrimp ceviche to share. We were hungry, so the portion was perfect for two to share. All the traditional ceviche flavors made it into this dish, but the jicama was a delicious and crisp addition to the dish. Yum!My friend opted to order off of the Restaurant Week menu, which was 3 courses for $30.00, and of course I had to have a tasted of each item! Chris started off with the Caesar Salad, which was perfectly dressed. For this entree, he ordered the Short Ribs served with a side of delectable mashed potatoes and some sort of root vegetable. Did I mention the short ribs were topped with an egg? (I think it was over-easy). I've never had an egg with short ribs....and it was the best decision Chris ever made! Red Velvet cake came for dessert. The cream cheese frosting was nothing short of perfection. I ordered the grilled salmon for dinner. Some might say that was a boring choice, but I was in the mood for something simple. My choice certainly hit the spot! The salmon was grilled to perfection (medium rare), served with some fingerling potatoes and green beans. The green beans were a little to crunchy and a little charred for my taste, but still enjoyable.Our server Alyson, who was pleasant and on-point all night deserves a shout-out. Thanks Alyson!I will definitely return to Chelsea's Kitchen.Thanks Gabi M. for the suggestion!
5	The food is delicious and the portions are large. The restaurant has a great patio. The only surprising element is the valet parking. However, there are a few spots to self-park.
4	Modern, posh interior with patio seating in the back.  Nice clean touch to the venue.  Very friendly and prompt service.  With regard to the food, you get what you pay for.  I came for brunch and had the French omelet - well made, tasted great and came with a side of bread and fruit.  Nothing spectacular, but tasty and well-prepared.  A nice place for brunch, but I have yet to eat dinner here.  Oh, and very good looking female servers (most of them anyway).  One looks like a very young Kate Beckinsale, but thinner.  Nice. Too bad she didn't wait on our table.  There is valet and self-parking.
4	I'm slightly biased because this is one of my neighborhood hubs (and I live across the street), but Chelsea's Kitchen has yet to disappoint. I've tried almost everything on the menu (with my favorites being the short rib tacos, green chile burger, and veggie tacos), and love the complimentary salted chocolate chip cookie on the way out.I'd say my ONLY gripe is that I do think it is mildly overpriced--HOWEVER I always, always get my money's worth. This spot is definitely a regular in my restaurant rotation. With their strong menu and friendly, accommodating staff, I definitely recommend Chelsea's.
1	Just had our first visit tonight for a friend's retirement party. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! More people showed up than was expected but heaven forbid we spill over into the outdoor dining area that was 90% empty. Don't care if the food is good, wouldn't know because the staff was not accommodating to our large party so my family of seven left. Even the guest of honor was extremely upset when they couldn't handle a small box of flowers on a table. Management and staff were only focused on keeping the table open for other guest. Shame on them...we will never go back here again.
2	Rude staff... Way over prized. Spent $60 on two drinks and two servings....
4	I like short ribs...If you like short ribs have it here also?!   I would eat here more often if:1. I had more cash, can get spendy if you ate here everyday2. I live an hour away... I need to get a job by 40th street, this is a MUST dine location.  You should be happy with just about anything you order here.  This is on my top 10 list......
4	Went there 6 months ago for the first time and had not so great service but decided to try again and LOVED it! I love the food, love the cucumber press, and the outdoor patio is to die for!! One of my favorites while visiting AZ!
5	All I have to say is ..... Mimosa Saturdays mmmkay!!! Oh and the bloody marys with the yummy little pickled green beans in them. Definitely winning!
1	food - so so and way over-priced.Service - terrible.  Arrogant, unfriendly and never around when you needed something.So many places opening in central PHX with much better food, prices and service - i won't be back.
5	Aaaammmaaazzzing! Everything about this restaurant is above and beyond. Kale slaw = Love.
5	We came on a Sunday.  This place is packed, thank goodness we got there early.  I loved the environment, food, and service.  EXCELLENT!Eggs Benedict - Muffins, sauce, eggs, spinach, and Canadian bacon - they all blended together and melted in my mouth.  SO SO GOOD!Roasted Potatoes - Roasted to perfection and seasoned just spot on.  Chocolate Parva - Flourless chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream.  HELLO!  Melt me, I have tasted a slice of heaven!
4	Had the green chili burger and the wife had the short rib tacos, both of which we each sampled and concurred were excellent.  To top it off, we split the red velvet cake.  I have to say as one who is not a big fan of red velvet, that it was fantastic!Next time we're back here, we'll be in again for sure.
2	I can't say the food is terrible. Chelsea's Kitchen uses fresh ingredients and, for the most part, delivers a decent meal on its overpriced menu.What disappointed me most about this restaurant was the service. All evening long we felt like our snooty waitress was not listening to us when we spoke. This was evident when the wrong appetizer was served to us and had to be sent back to the kitchen. Our water glasses remained empty all evening long, ketchup that was requested two times didn't arrive until after I was done eating, our plates, with food still on them, were cleared without our waitress asking if we were done with them, and our final bill was brought out to us without ever asking if we wanted dessert or an after dinner drink.Service was so quick I felt like I was eating at an Applebee's.Considering the number of similar restaurants in the area, I won't be back. While it has almost nothing to do with the food, It's a shame because service is something that can certainly be corrected if its important to management.
2	So, I've always liked Chelsea's Kitchen...I like all the LGO places. The decor is beautiful, the food is always good. And it was the same last night except for the one thing I can't get around - the horrible service. I usually feel that food trumps service, and as long as the place is nice and the food is good, I can deal. But the service last night prompted this review. We walked in and clearly there were tables, but we were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait. Fine..they text you when your table is ready. But once seated, we had one waitress come to our table, we weren't ready to order drinks, so she put a folded piece of paper on the table mysteriously and walked away. Then a whole new waitress came over, no explanation. She seemed disappointed we decided not to have drinks. Appetizer came out with bacon on it, when we asked for it without. Then was somewhat rude when answering specific questions about entrees. Took away the plates without asking if we were done with our food, and then dropped the bill on the table without asking if we wanted dessert. Asked for some condiments - took forever getting to us. It seemed like she had made up her mind about us and then decided to not care about our table. Reaaaaallly disappointing. The food was good as always (entrees - 2 taco platters, one Del Mar salad and a Ahi tuna burger) and if we didn't have cocktails for that one time is that a reason to be rude and disappear? Not cool.
5	I own a business in south Scottsdale and being a foodie, I am always very concerned about people's dining experiences, especially if they are from out of town. I am a self-appointed concierge! lol.. but seriously... nothing worse than getting sent to a crappy restaurant.  So, there area a # of restaurants that I just love. To me, a restaurant is good if 1/ the food is good and 2/ the food is good all the time. And I want atmosphere. Oh, and a hot server wouldn't hurt either. Ha!  Well, that last is a wish but ... anyhow, I love Chelseas.  I have never gone there and had a bad experience.  The food is consistently good.  I think too it is a good sign when you walk in a restaurant and the air is just redolent with heavenly cooking smells.  I always get the same thing n foodwise there  but it is always tasty.. the fish tacos.  They have a wide array of types of tacos you can get and there are actually two types of fish tacos.. ahi tuna and swordfish.  They are deconstructed.. meaning.. you put them together yourself.  My favorite is the swordfish.. yummy!  The only weird thing that I have seen is that lately, they have done away with the beans and rice side and replaced it with a kale salad.  I am like.. what??? How is kale Mexican?  But you can request the beans and rice.  The other thing that is funny are the small baby tacos.  I guess that is the trend but they crack me up. Literally, my wine glass was bigger. Other items that friends have gotten that I would recommend are the short ribs with poached egg and the roasted chicken.One last thing:  I can never make it out of there without taking a cookie (or two!) from the dessert plate by the door.  What a nice touch!  And they are soo tasty.. soft chocolate chip with sea salt on top.  BTW.. the sea salt is inspired! So.. go there. And the plus is that they do have some hot waiters!
5	I've been to Chelsea's about 5 times now and the experience has always been great. The staff, from the valet to the hosts and wait staff are always friendly and knowledgable. The shrimp ceviche is fantastic. I've tried various taco platters, including the tuna, short rib, and rib-eye and all have been great. I think they have a fairly good mix of price and food quality/quantity. Definitely a place you want to go to if you're near the Biltmore or Fashion Square area.
4	What a wonderful little find here! I'm so jealous of people who live near Camelback Mountain, because that means this kitchen is only a small walk or drive away. I started off my Sunday morning with one of their prickly pear infused tequila margaritas. I polished that off so quickly that they already had a 2nd one on its way to me only after being 15 minutes there. From the name, chicken nachitos, you would expect a little appetizer on a saucer with little bites of chicken and a spoonful of guac and chips, but instead you get a huge platter filled with slow roasted shredded chicken, gallops of cheese, heaps of guac and some slices of jalepeno peppers. Bryan and I shared plates of the swordfish tacos and of course, the short rib tacos - we had to try them since they're award winning, right? Both did not disappoint. They were great tasting and not overfilling since you could pace yourself easily with the small homemade corn tortillas they created. The tortillas were actually white, not yellow, in color and slightly browned and were a little smaller than a CD/DVD in size. It would probably take you about 3-4 little tortillas to finish all the meat on the taco plate. Each taco plate came with a mound of guacamole, a little saucer of salsa, and another mount of kale-quinoa mix that was delicious! Eating kale and quinoa mixed together definitely was healthier than my usual rice obsession. I know there was dressing on the quinoa mix, but since quinoa tends to have protein in it and not just carbs, it just made me a little less guilt ridden fulfilling my need to eat my way into a Sunday morning food coma. I guess you could throw all that gibberish about healthy eating anyway because I forgot to mention that I also ordered the mac and cheese side... If you look up the word, "Indulgence," in the dictionary, I am pretty sure there is a picture of this mac and cheese next to that word. The service was okay. I think our waiter's mind was somewhere else, because he didn't check in on us enough. Bryan and his dad ordered coffee and our waiter said that he would refill those coffees and kept forgetting. We finally had to ask someone else to bring us another coffee pot. We said that we needed 2 boxes for separate left overs and he brought 1 box. These are just a few small things, but after reading all the other reviews, I thought the service would be great, so we were all a little disappointed about that. I'm sure he was just having an off day, because otherwise, the atmosphere was really nice. We sat indoors today, but on a late afternoon, it'd be nice to grab a few drinks and sit outside on the patio. It's too bad this place is so far away from me!
3	7/4/12I'd visited a few years ago, but it was too busy, and I didn't have time to wait 30 to 45 minutes to be seated, so I left.  I've had CK bookmarked to try since.  When I heard word that CK was offering a Fourth of July special (buy one entree, get the second for $4), I thought it was time to see what all the fuzz was about.Two weeks beforehand, I made plans with a cousin to have lunch here on the 4th.  What a surprise to find out that CK was serving brunch, as well, and we breakfast lovers were thrilled to check out the breakfast items.  While our server went to check on a few ingredients for me, my cousin decided she'd try one of CK's more popular menu items, the Green chile burger, with poblano chile, cheddar, and chipotle aioli. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IsoLzudHC50oJLiEWpwV-w?select=MrEVQGZ6ZpX_8iuN0UWPxg#MrEVQGZ6ZpX_8iuN0UWPxg  As you may notice, the kitchen had forgotten to add the chipotle aioli, but this was quickly remedied when we asked for some.  (Service during lunch was very friendly and quick.)  I couldn't decide between the French omelet (which, funnily enough, my cousin and I initially mistook to be French toast and wanted to order this immediately) and the Lemon-ricotta hotcakes, but when I was told I could order one pancake for around $2, I chose the Classic French omelet, with sauteed spinach, gruyere, and herbs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IsoLzudHC50oJLiEWpwV-w?select=TVcjVg-hfSZCtnFq3FnaZA#TVcjVg-hfSZCtnFq3FnaZA and a hotcake.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IsoLzudHC50oJLiEWpwV-w?select=dtpAV4WfApPEZx_PvczrxA#dtpAV4WfApPEZx_PvczrxA  The omelet struck me as overcooked, and it was.  I asked my cousin to try it, and she too didn't like it, so I let our server know, and she quickly offered to take it away and replace it with something else.  I chose a plate of hotcakes, since we pretty much inhaled the first one!  I apologize for the lack of a photo...  My hunger got the best of me.  BTW, cousin loved her burger-- she finished all of the meat!  I never knew she could eat as much as me.  :)The decor was beautiful-- lovely dark wooden tables and chairs, cozy booths lined with dark wooden beams, and heavy red fabric curtains, lightened with light-colored flowers, adorned the windows.  It felt classy bistro married country French and had a baby.  It worked for me.  A few days leading up to the Fourth, I thought a friend would enjoy trying out the dinner menu with me, so we agreed to meet there slightly before 6p.  It was very busy, much louder, and darker indoors that night.  The wait proved to be around 30 mins, or so, and we were given a buzzer as we elected to wait at the bar.  He ordered a cucumber-laced cocktail, while I asked for a blackberry-prickly pear concoction.  Both glasses were served to us without coasters or napkins, so our glasses left puddles on the table from which water would eventually end up dripping from our glasses to other points of the table, or, in my case, on me.  Even when we were finally seated at the table, our cocktail glasses remained un-coastered (is that even a word?), but now we had water glasses, too.  What a mess...Before we were seated, I had to use the restroom, and I'd already noted earlier, as we walked towards the bar, that it's much harder to traverse the restaurant's space on my four-inch heels.  Not so much because of the heels, but because the textured floor was very slippery, and it wasn't even wet then.  On my return from the restroom, I had to pass the hallway between the kitchen and the bar, and I slipped on a water spill.  Thankfully, I was able to recover without having to hit the ground, but when I hailed a passing employee to alert her of the spill, how I almost had an accident, and that maybe she could see that it was taken care of, she just looked at the spill, then at me, and then proceeded to head to wherever she was going before I stopped her.  She didn't acknowledge that there was a problem, so I assumed she didn't care and wasn't going to do anything about it.  The food was OK-- he wanted to try the salmon ($22), but was going to order the filet mignon ($37) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IsoLzudHC50oJLiEWpwV-w?select=W6wIGzyT32_AvSvqe7uuHA#W6wIGzyT32_AvSvqe7uuHA, and I secretly wanted to try the filet, so I ordered the fish, so that we could try both!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IsoLzudHC50oJLiEWpwV-w?select=oDlf6yqCLHn7uw3SuZfflg#oDlf6yqCLHn7uw3SuZfflg  The filet was TERRIFIC.  Perfectly cooked- he asked for pink throughout, but there were a few red spots.  Still tasted amazing.  The kitchen ran out of mixed veggies so friend ended up with bok choy, which he's never had before, but soon learned to like it.  The salmon would've been very good, if it didn't have a slight rancid-fish taste to it.  The lemon-white wine reduction helped.  Still, our plates were clean at the end of our meal.  (He was hungry.)Thanks to CK for brunch and dinner.  In spite of a few mishaps, we all enjoyed the experiences.
4	As promised, thirty-five minutes after entering, at seven on a Tuesday night, with no reservation, in the summer, we were finally seated. To say this place is crowded would be an understatement. Nowhere to sit at the bar, no place to loiter while waiting on a table. It was nuts to butts in there. I did what anyone would do.I went outside, plopped down on a concrete bench hoodged-up next to one of the high-tops where a typical American family was having dinner,mom, dad, teen daughter and son. Mom was a typical forty-something, can't let go of her youth mom, bedazzled, tummy showing with overflow skinny jeans. She was bitching out her daughter.Daughter was all; "You don't even know Gretchen, how can you say she's a bad influence just because her tongue and nipples are pierced, you're so old fashioned! I want a tattoo."Fat son spoke to no-one, he was busy playing video games on his phone. Totally disconnected. I look for him in a bell tower with an assault rifle in a few years.Then there was forty-something dad:Mindlessly staring away from it all, furtively eyeballing the seemingly endless procession of tang arriving at the valet station... as if he was still a twenty-something poonslayer. Lustfully watching, drooling as they filed inside, their black mini's and f me pumps prominently on display. I'll bet he was probably thinking about how fucked his life is with these three winners.Me?I just sat there drinking my Green Flash IPA, taking it all in, until the text came that our table was ready. My salmon was 18 bucks and good, it came with kaleslaw, weird, but good too. People of all ages here, mostly families. Mostly dysfunctional families from what I witnessed.Snagged about a dozen of the free cookies on the way out the door. Forgot change for the valet.Paid him in chocolate chip cookies. Better than stiffing him.
3	The atmosphere was great! The menu didn't have as many options as I would have liked. In Southern California Brunch is usually offered Sunday with bottomless mimosa's or champagne, omelette station and buffet style, but Chelsea's Kitchen is a brunch menu style restaurant strictly menu and on Saturday's they offer bottomless Mimosa's. I will have to try it again.
3	Had lunch at Chelsea's. The place has a great warm feel and look. Menu seemed limited, but maybe it was just a lunch menu. My colleague had the short-rib tacos; tortillas were homemade and looked very delicious. I had the burger; very good. The bun needs to be upgraded to something better. I will be back to Chelsea's.
4	First and foremost, I can't believe it's taken me this long to come here. A friend and I came in for lunch yesterday...if that's what you want to call it. I'll call it grown up Sunday Funday. I say grown up because we were super classy and drank wine. So we order a bottle of the rose, we're sitting at the baron the outside enjoying the fine Sunday afternoon. The place is relatively busy considering it was that awkward time between lunch and dinner. We ordered the deviled eggs. um. duh. Of course they were great. Kinda hard to eff up a boiled egg. But there's is real good - bacon on top. Anything with bacon on top is better. Well you know, after some girl gabbing and a few glasses of crisp wine, and some eggs, we just had to order another bottle of wine. The bartender was a gem. So attentive to our glasses - were never empty for more than a minute. She knew what she was doing that's for sure. Then we ordered the baked mac and cheese with bacon on top - so damn good. I might have been buzzed eating but that was some preeetttyyy good mac. And I know mac. I guess the reoccuring theme here is bacon and wine. I don't hate it. There were these three douchey old men that insisted we scoot over so they could sit at the bar...he kept calling the bartender honey sugar or some name of endearment. I threw up in my mouth a bit. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because there were like a billion flies. Okay, I get it, I was sitting outside, and they were doing their best with the high powered fans but that shit was still nasty. Flies in or around a restaurant is a big no no. Go get one of those blue zappy light things and exterminate those little fuckers cus I'm pretty sure one ALMOST landed on an egg and that would have been real gross. Flies throw up or poop or whatever every time they land. Yeah think about that. Real appetizing. I'm fairly positive I'll be back for plenty more grown up Sunday Fundays because that outside patio, sans flies, is the perfect little relaxing spot to get a good Sunday buzz.
4	I love any place that has warm salted chocolate cookies at the front entrance - perfect for a small nibble while I wait for my table or as a small dessert on my way out. I have been here twice now and have really enjoyed my meals both times. Their tacos are amazing, the burger I had was delicious and their breakfast hash was so yummy. This place seems to have a lot of customers, many seem to be regulars, which is a good sign. I'm sure that the hubs and I will be back. Me likey!
5	When I visit my hometown, this is my first choice for dinner and drinks. The menu is fantastic!!! They have an awesome patio when the weather is tolerable. Their staff is great too. Skip the Scottsdale scene and check out Chelsea's.
4	I have been here many times but recently decided to try the eggs benedict. They are not my favorite. The Howie burger is perhaps one of my favorites! Their fries are well seasoned leaving ketchup as only an option. I have enjoyed the nachos and other items on the menu. I even like the key lime pie although I am generally not a fan. The red velvet cake is the best of any place ever! My fiance ordered this for my birthday a couple of years ago and it was decorated with fresh blueberries and strawberries. Perfection!
1	Worst experience ever. Im not too picky, but don't like being treated like crap. Went for a nice lunch on the patio. 45 minute wait. We were then offered a front patio spot since we didn't want to wait. Waited forever for service,drinks, and food. The table next to us were friends of the server and got everything immediately. Guess you have to know someone working there to get good service.  Will not going back.
4	Did someone say Deviled eggs with bacon?!?!?  We came to CK based on the feedback from our fellow Yelpers.  We visited the restaurant on a Saturday morning around 11:30 am. While the place was busy, there was no wait and we were seated immediately.  Our server was quick and friendly and we had multiple folks helping us throughout the morning.  We had:  - 6 Deviled eggs with bacon - sooooooooo yummy!!!!! ($7)- Bottomless Mimosas ($12)- Arnold Palmer (can someone tell me where all of that foam comes from?) - ($3)- French Omelet (Gruyere cheese & spinach served w/spinach and English muffin... why not a croissant?) - ($12)- Lobster sliders with green beans ($16)- Side of sauteed spinach (no charge since they gave us green beans in error)- Red Velvet cake ($8)Total = $63.39 with tax no tipThe food for the most part was good.  The French Omelet while touted to be a local favorite was just okay.  The Lobster sliders while small actually had more flavor.  I enjoyed the bottomless mimosas and appreciated that my glass was never empty.We asked for the red velvet to go just because we were stuffed from everything else.  On the way out we grabbed a couple of the salted chocolate chip cookies as well and they were equally delicious.I liked the vibe and decor of this place and the service was just fine.  If in the area again, I'll certainly like to come back to try some of their other menu items.
4	Whoever Chelsea is, I want to hug and kiss her in all the right places, because she is doing it right!Lucky and I arrived on a Saturday night around 8pm with no reservations- get off me, I have already taken my beatings for that.  But, as expected, there was a 45 min wait for a table.  And since it was Arizona in July, coupled with the chubby factor and my fight against fromunda cheese, we made the smart move to wait for a table inside.  The good news is that we found a couple seats at the bar to enjoy some adult libations.What was supposed to be 45 minutes, was actually and hour and since we were pounding drinks, the bar tab was fairly hefty.  Not CK's fault, I just really like vodka and I was sitting at a bar, what else was going to happen?  But, the bartenders were good (AKA long poured) and my liver was in over drive.Once we got to the table, we found the menu to look great just as others had mentioned, yet we asked the waiter for recommendations.  He suggested the surf and turf tacos as well as the pulled pork (hehe, I said pulled pork, but that was before our date), and the dude with the apron and hipster glasses knocked the cover off the ball!  They were awesome!  But, in the back of my head, I kept hearing this voice from past Yelpers... "get the mac and cheese... get the mac and cheeeeeeese'.  So, I did what any almost sane/not-so-sober man would do, I got the mac and cheese for dessert!  Take that Dr. Your-Cholesterol-is-too-High!  I did it and I loved it.  If it wasn't so hot and melty, I may have smeared some on the body parts that my tummy blocks the view to!  So, do yourself a favor and get some, even Luddy Style- another meal for dessert.Service- 4.5 stars- overall good, but the hipster said "really?" when I ordered my dessert.  F him.  Get a hair cut and good luck with your artist/acting career, Skinny Jeans.Food- 5+ stars- I can't wait to go back and try some new things and get more mac and cheese- and give Chelsea a 'good game' on her back side.Atmosphere- 4 stars- it reminded me a lot of Hillstone, so it was nice, but nothing special.  Though the patio will be perfect when it's not a bazillion degrees and the chances of down-low sweat decreases.Overall- 4 stars, and it would have been 5 had the wait been a little more realistic.   Maybe they should get a hostess with the mostess that doesn't need to take off her shoes to count more than ten... just a thought.In the end, it was a great overall date night dinner with Lucky.  A few too many cocktails, great food, fantasies about noodles and hot cheese that I stored away in my spank bank, and the company of the hottest girl in the place.
3	Chelsea's had been highly recommended but unfortunately didn't live up to the hype. The chicken nachos were good but the two different types of tacos we had were just ok and way overpriced! The server also had a bit of an attitude. Don't think we'll be back anytime soon
1	NOT Happy!  I have been here on dates maybe a dozen times since it opened a few years ago.  This time I went with my friend.  The server looked at me like she was pissed at something I did years ago and she never forgave me.  She kept walking passed us without taking our drink order.  I ordered wine which took 10 minutes to get to our table only to have a small fly like insect in it attempting to do the back stroke  and getting her to take it back was like pulling teeth.  Our meal was 45 MINUTES late and there were only about 5 other couples in there after the lunch rush.  The meal was awful, the hamburger was still bleeding and we had to ask to take it back to re-cook it.Needless to say, this wasn't my day or the servers day.  I had to hunt her down to get our check getting the manager to find her.I shared this info with one of my regular massage clients and he shared with me a similar instance happened to him at Chelsea's Kitchen and they got a $200 gift certificate because they came in with 2 other couples.Honestly, I don't feel I will be back.  Farewell Chelsea ~
4	After my negative review, i was contacted by a customer service mgr at Chelsea's and offered a gift cert to come back.  Finally had the chance to return with my friend who was with me the day we had bad service.  We had a great server (Christy) and the food was much better.  Thank you for the chance to come back and have a good experience.
5	Allison is a 'radar detector' and liason for Chelsea's Kitchen and saw my less than unhappy 'yelp' about Chelsea's the day I wrote it.  She immediately connected with me wanting to redeem this landmark on 40th Street just a tad North on Camelback.  This is rare, so my interest was piqued!My friend Linda and I were going to eat somewhere that day and thought I would give Allison a ring.  She immediately asked if I wanted to have lunch that day (She must have heard my hunger pains!) and let me know the General Manager would be awaiting my arrival.Linda and I entered Chelsea's and I had a new awakening, like it was a total new experience.  I desired to give them an opportunity so my slate and plate were clean!FIRST, everyone there was the epitome of 'the Dove girl', which is refreshing!  Perfect posture, not a hair out of place, loving, caring, lovely posture, and more than hospitable.  We were greeted by the hostess who let us pick the seating for our next 2.5 hours of delight, then our 'water girl' named Susanne who was joyfully friendly and chatted with us some about more than water and lemons.  Then we were greeted by Erica, our server, letting me know the menu was open to whatever we desired for lunch due to my last experience there at Chelsea's.  I FELT SO LOVED!  My son had passed away a year ago this week, and I so desired this energy of being taken care of by these lovely women who could have been my daughters.Linda and I ordered the wine from Santa Barbara, (very near and dear to me as I raised my boys up and down the California coast) and we actually had the carafe, 1 each :-) !  We then enjoyed the deviled eggs with bacon which melted in our mouths, then the 'salad' which I added a touch more salt and then the main event:  The Chelsea Cheeseburger!  OH, how i hungered for a lovely burger, once in a while is a requirement for me!  Well done, ordered to perfection, crisp onions, juicy pickles, yummy Wisconsin cheese, tender bun, mayo, mustard, and ketchup.  They could hear my loving moans from the kitchen!  BECAUSE .....After our main entre', the Executive Chef, Jorge Gomez, walked out smiling with a special desert and coffee (HOW DID THEY KNOW!!!).  He was a lovely guy, knowledgeable, precise, and in love with the love of good eats, both devouring and creating!  During our meal, the General Manager gazed over to make sure we were smiling, laughing and most of all, relishing in our lunch extravaganza; Chelsea style.  I NOW give Chelsea's Kitchen 5 STARS, and as a bonus 5 EXTRA GOLD STARS for directing me back, inviting me to partake in a quality long-lasting relationship with them after they showed me just what they are made of!  Dinner is right around the corner!  Maybe Chelsea's tonight!Luana Joya Lucia
4	Great food and service.  I highly recommend the fried chicken and short rib tacos.
3	This is probably the least interesting review I've ever written but this place doesn't give me much to go on. The patio is beautiful and romantic and I liked the open concept of the inside. I have to agree with the other yelpers that the deviled eggs and red velvet cake are to die for but the main dishes we had were bland and not really worth mentioning. They weren't bad just not WOW. Service was also fair. I will say that if you are going on a first date this would be a good place to go.
3	We visited for lunch on a weekend and the place was moderately busy. I tried the huevos rancheros, which were done up in a deconstructed "gourmet" style that did not remotely resemble the true dish. Unfortunately, it did not have much flavor. However, I also tried the chilaquiles. Again, it did not resemble the traditional dish and it was more like a block of layered Mexican lasagna. Yet, the flavors were excellent and I kept wanting more. Based on this experience, I would be careful not to expect what you order to resemble what you think it should. Also, I'd ask around about what the good dishes are, since it appears they are hit or miss. Lastly, there was some noticeable dust buildup in the dining area and some flies buzzing around. The prices were also a bit high. I would not make a special trip to go here, but I wouldn't be against trying it again.
5	How many times a week must I go here before I get a bad meal or bad service. Favorite meal is the kale salad with steak on top. Service is always good, great for kids. It's always crowded but the outside seating surprisingly isn't as hot as you'd think being 110 degrees outside. The prices aren't the cheapest but as I am a hungry man who eats a lot i always go home with a doggie bag. Also please take 3 chocolate chip cookies when you leave because I do and I feel bad, but they are so good. I'll probably be back in two days for lunch
2	Had an unenjoyable dinner at Chelsea's tonight. My daughter wanted her salmon cooked so that it was not raw and what they delivered was a very dry, tasteless piece of salmon with no lemon or sauce to try and cover up how bad the salmon tasted. We love good salmon. This was not edible. When we politely said so, the server asked if we had ordered it well... an implication that maybe we were the cause of this nasty entree. The four, small fingerling potatoes had way too much olive oil and my daughter was sitting there in a starving and sad frame of mind. She tried to eat the grilled broccoli and the red pepper flakes were too abundant so she'd grab water to get it down. I honestly think they'd run out of the grilled broccoli because I saw no evidence of such. My plate did not have the saffron yogurt sauce on the broccoli as promised. Where is the quality control? You'd think the server would notice that one plate has it on the broccoli and one doesn't. No such luck. They did bring her a different meal after we complained. I had the pork; it was fine but no real wow factor. Our server never filled my empty water glass; had to look for her and ask for some. She had no real concern in how dissatisfied we were with the meal or whether we were satisfied when my daughter received a different entree. Final surprise- when my daughter's entree came, there was a ton of sliced broccoli stalk that had definitely been grilled. So, I guess I was wrong on that broccoli. $50.00 later I wish I had cooked at home.
2	Meh. Your BMW driving cliental doesn't impress me. Here is the deal, when I go out to eat I expect to be treated like a guest, not a potential tip. I think this is how it is supposed to be, am I right? Either way, my fiancee had just graduated Pharmacy school and was owed a dinner from her wonderful father in law to-be and she chose Chelsea's Kitchen. When we were seated, a server immediately came and took our drink order, which was nice... After that another person came by with the drinks, and then finally our server. Our server was a late 20' something that looked less than thrilled to see our water drinking selves. Anyways, ordered the Guacamole: $10 not that it was bad or anything, but when we ran out of chips it took five minutes for the server to get to our table and an additional five mins to get the chips. Not super busy either... After this it was more of the same. I got the short ribs, which were supposed to be a specialty item. Now they were not bad, but I have had much and made much better. And they seemed a little dry. My dad and brother got tacos that were good, but they ran out of tortillas and it took 10 minutes to get new ones.The lady got fried chicken and it was a little dry,with grilled broccoli which was not received well by the Pharmacist. Anyways, my point is this....The server didn't see us as a phat tip and it showed via her lack of service. Over all food was ok, but the server ruined it.
5	Amazing brunch spot. Unlimited mimosas, great french press coffee, delicious hot cakes and eggs benedict. Nom nom.
1	I had not dined here before and was meeting a business colleague of mine who lives in Arcadia. I read a few of the reviews, good and bad, here on Yelp and "snobby" or "poor service" were mentioned in quite a few reviews. I thought we'd give it a try anyway...thinking it can't be there bad. (he had been here many times and spent A LOT of $$$...just sayin')We sat on the patio and were greeted by a our server, she was nice and got us our glasses of wine and then came back twice a little TOO quickly to see if we were ready to order. We told here that we wanted to chat a while then order - she didn't seem to like that. I guess she figured she couldn't turn us fast  enough so she thought why bother....and we sure felt it....her demeanor and attitude towards us changed right away...like she was NOW doing us a favor. I was in the restaurant biz for over 27 years and worked at some of the finest FINE DINING restaurants in the US including at the Waldorf Astoria - I KNOW GOOD SERVICE! I see everything and I notice details that most do not........and I am VERY GOOD at reading a servers attitude.....just like I was VERY good at reading my tables for years! My dinner partner asked twice for a black napkin instead of white so as not to get lint on his black pants...that never came. When our food came - I had ordered the Kale Salad w/ Chicken....the dressing was bland....my nightly Kale salad at home would blow you people away....SO much more flavor....come on,Kale needs work...it is not the most exciting or tasty green in the world...so a dressing with a wee bit of sweetness is a good thing...not a bland lemony dressing or whatever flavor it was..not good. BUT the piece of grilled chicken that was with it was YUMMY....really was....moist and very tasty!  We ordered 2 glasses of wine from the food runner (he also brought us the black napkin) when he brought us our dinners since our server was nowhere to be seen. We finally got our wine but no one ever did the "2 bite check back" to see if we were enjoying our dinners. Finally at the end of our meal our server finally appeared and pulled my dining partners plate with even asking if he was done....there was a lot of food on his plate so even though he was done (I think he was just aggravated and lost his appetite) she pulled his plate. I asked for my dinner to be boxed to go....I was shocked when she came back and handed me a plastic to-go container....are you kidding me? She wants ME to do this?? Are we at Applebee's or Chili's??? Come on.....don't be SO tacky...take my dinner in back and box it...that is what REAL restaurants do!!! Then she didn't even ask if we were done and she placed the check in the middle of the table all while looking the other way......no thank you or acknowledgement.....AT ALL. When the credit card was put down a few minutes later she didn't come by...one of her team mates swooped in to pick it up....I am sure she asked him to do so she didn't have to be bothered by us again.....unfortunately she was tipped accordingly our food runner is the one that we gave the tip to since he was more helpful to us than she was. I am just not sure what happened...but it all started out fine....then went downhill VERY fast....she was rude and unprofessional and having been in the biz for so long I give servers A LOT of leeway but she was a snob......I think Chelsea's needs to retrain some of their staff since this is NOT the only POOR SERVICE review I have seen...........the restaurant biz is about CUSTOMER SERVICE.......grant it, they are there to make $$ but just because you might not have a large check on a table (ours was $83) or want to make an evening of it the server should NOT cop an attitude..which she did.  Service is about details and we ALL like to be treated nice on a night out......these days you should be happy to have customers and each one should be treated like gold...ok....I'm done! Not sure I will be bringing my family there when they are here from Miami staying at the Royal Palms...I do't want to look like a fool by another server who could give a damn!
5	I love Chelsea's Kitchen. It has been my favorite restaurant ever since I moved to Arizona. This atmosphere is so great, it feels like home! Please try this restaurant, I know you'll love it too.
5	Update: After I wrote my review I was contacted immediately by management and I have to say they could not have been more professional and proactive! As I stated in my review I spent over 25 years in the restaurant industry and this management team is the GOLD standard ....they CARE about their guests experience and  take Yelp reviews to heart.......I will be back to give you all a well deserved 2nd chance. Thank you!
1	Phoenix and Scottsdale have great restaurants!  But Chelse's Kitchen is not one of them.  Oh, the scenery is nice don't get me wrong. But the food is at best just drab. I sat at the bar.  The seats are too big and difficult to get in to sit even when there are no patrons at the bar.  I ordered the Green Chili Burger. I asked for vegetables instead of fries.  The bar tender offered me some mix veggies with lentil, etc. I get the burger and the side is something completely different with cucumbers...I hate cucumbers!  So they bring me a fruit bowl...and it wasn't impressive! I would say it was a very small cup of strawberries (or should I say strawberry because there was one or two in the cup) and a dozen grapes. Technically it is a fruit cup!  The burger was not good at all, very average at best. The meat had too much char on it. For $14 bucks, I expect better than average. And it was a small burger too boot.  Heck, I'm still hungry!  I had a beer with the meal and was out $26 bucks with the tip!
5	Oh wow...Prime Rib hash in an LGO restaurant? OK, I'm game to try at least 1 unique item at every LGO restaurant, since I've been assured I'll get to grab a cookie on the way out.Unlike Misfit who has to lock the cookies up, this Chelsea's Kitchen joint appears to cater to a calmer, maturer (Politically correct terminology?), mostly female crowd v the raucous SaMo crowd I've grown accustomed to. This is my last LGO unique spot as I believe I have eaten my way from the California coast, (Misfit), through Pasadena's lovely LGO/Luggage Room on to the original (I'm told) LGO Grocery to Chelsea's Kitchen which is the "best" according to the Pasadena server. There's not really a best restaurant as each locale seems to be a different concept. There's some overlap and some unique dishes in each location. The Del Mar Salad looks excellent and next trip, I'm trying this. Again, excellent food which is the trademark of this small group of restaurants along with wonderful service and a nice ambiance are a tough formula to beat. This is a very busy spot and dining choices include a patio or inside. They actually take reservations, too!Don't forget the cookies on the way out!
3	I was coming home from college for the weekend and my dad asked where I wanted to go when he picked me up from the airport and I told him to surprise me. He definitely picked a good place! I got the short rib tacos and my dad got the ahi tacos. Both were cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious, and the kale salad that came on the side didn't disappoint! My short rib tacos were definitely better between the two though! I'm a little bummed that I didn't order the side of mac n cheese, but I will definitely be back to try it. I also didn't have room for a whole dessert but I ate one of the free co okies on the way out and it was so good that I wish I had grabbed another one before I left.
4	It's taken me forever to get to Chelsea's Kitchen, a restaurant I've been wanting to try for years! I went there this past weekend and was so happy to finally head to this beautiful eatery that has a breezy island vibe with sprawling patios both at the front of the house and back.It's no wonder the spot was bustling when I went for dinner at 9 p.m. on a Friday night -- the mixed crowd of all ages packed the house, which had cozy booths and striking printed curtains that make guests feel right at home, no matter the crowd. The bar contained a few televisions with sporting events on, so you could dine in any type of atmosphere you wanted -- cozy dining room, spacious patio or at the bar.Our servers were professional and attentive, and the meal was fantastic and hugely portioned -- I took half of mine home. I loved the Lucy's "Spiked" Lemonade ($8) cocktail I got, with vodka, lemonade and fresh rosemary. It was refreshing and strong and didn't have a gross alcohol taste -- it was easy to drink and tasty.We started with the Guacamole and Chips ($10), which is pretty much a must-try since all the ingredients, including the chips and salsa, are all made in-house. The salsa had the perfect amount of spiciness (maybe a 7 out of 10), and the guacamole would have been great to eat on its own.For my meal, I tried the Shangri-La Vegetarian Burger ($12), which consisted of grains, nuts and seeds. I usually don't get French fries, but I did this time, and they had really great seasoning and the perfect amount of oil. The burger was tasty, but the consistency made it difficult to hold together. Not that it matters -- it was a great veggie burger that was really filling.Chelsea's biggest impression on me was the service of the staff, who made you feel welcome and valued from start to finish. It's no wonder people remain so loyal to the eatery -- it seems like a wonderful place for anyone to have a great meal.
3	Chelsea's kitchen was hopping Thursday night!  After a 15 minute wait for a patio table we found ourselves joyfully greeted by several waiters. Three of us ordered different tacos: surf and turf, short ribs and swordfish. If you don't ask for jalapenos you will not have any spicy heat to accentuate the dish. Chelsea's patio ambiance is fantastic, yet their beer selection is audacious. Even the most sophisticated palate sometimes enjoys a light beer on a "school night".
3	Chelsea's kitchen has a lot going for it -- firstly being the delicious and FREE salted chocolate chip cookies that you can grab on your way out the door -- but they also have some room for improvement. I've been to this establishment twice, and both times received rather poor service. I love their food and tasty drinks, but I would love them even more if it didn't take 15 plus minutes to be greeted and/or have a drink order taken after sitting down. However, I'll still visit again because the food (fried chicken and cornbread? YUM) was fabulous and reasonably priced.
5	My favourite thing is to walk into a restaurant with my child and have him be greated with smiles rather than dismay. Handing a child a kids menu and letting them pick their own meal like the little person they are and giving them something to entertain them until food arives. This is part of what has made a few visits to Chelsea's Kitchen a true joy for me. Staff has always been superb from greetings to goodbyes. Food is always amazing beyond words. I've tried the tri tip tacos and the green chile burger and the nachos and the mac'n'cheese. You know I can't go somewhere and not try the mac'n'cheese. Be prepared to eat people. The Food is worth the price. Great heaping portions. Don't be afraid to ask for a to-go box!
3	The ambiance is nice and the servers are friendly.  Food is so so.They have deviled eggs and I always try to order when I see them on a menu.  These were nice with bacon but flavor was traditional.  Not bad but not worth buying again.  Had the green chile burger - those are always my favorite.  They are not my favorite when you take a burger and just toss a chile on it.   You can't be bothered to take the giant pickles off the burger?  Sure I can take them off myself but I like to eat my food the way the chef intended.  If this is it, the chef missed the mark. All the rave reviews I had to try the Kale salad.  Sure it's kale - woot woot - but it's a bland kale salad.  Fun place to hang but so are a lot of places.  Maybe I needed to eat a cookie.
4	Having experienced such great food at the grocery and pizzeria a trip down 40th street to LGO Hospitality's proper restaurant - Chelsea's Kitchen - would prove to be much of the same and with brunch service starting at 9:30am I arrived just a few minutes after the doors opened to find the patio already partially filled as the warm sun and late October breeze filtered through the space.   A large restaurant with an enormous open kitchen, plenty of seating, and vastly more parking than the grocery I'd heard some mixed things about Chelsea's but with the same high standards of food, service, and setting I really enjoyed my visit - though perhaps not QUITE as much as my frequent stops down the street.Hotcakes:  Having asked my server, Jenna, if I could order the children's hotcakes as a side dish to my main course I was instead offered the option of an individual cake for $2 (as opposed to the children's $6) and happy to take her up on the offer the hotcake turned out to be light, fluffy, and golden brown; perhaps not the most exciting option on the menu but a textbook example of how a pancake should be done - particularly when paired with high quality pure maple syrup.Dixie Pan-Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Vegetables:  The main reason I visited Chelsea's on the day that I did was because I was going to noca for the Fried Chicken showdown that evening - what better way to prepare for fried chicken than with fried chicken?  With that noted, the comparison between the bird from Chelsea's and that of noca, fnb, or any other are a little bit difficult because of the style of preparation, but all things being equal what I really enjoyed about the chicken at Chelsea's was the moisture content of the meat and comparatively light breading overlying the well brined bird.  Crisp and savory with just a bit of spice further enhanced by the peppery potatoes this was down home comfort food - like the hotcakes nothing fancy, just well-made with superior ingredients, though I will say the mashed potatoes and vegetables could have used a bit more salt...and the chicken was even better with a drizzle of the leftover maple syrup from the hotcakes.Red Velvet Cake with Butter Pecan Gelato from Grateful Spoon and Fresh Mint:  A thick slice of LGO's classic cake served with a scoop of butter pecan gelato from Grateful Spoon and a mint leaf - much like my meal at Lo-Lo's it wouldn't have seemed right to end a breakfast of fried chicken without a slice of red velvet and while I still prefer the version at Lo-Lo's overall it is only by the slimmest of margins and based entirely on a personal preference for a sweeter frosting, something La Grande Orange shies away from, instead focusing on the slightly sour notes to help temper the otherwise dense chocolate cake.  Six of one, half dozen of the other - and the gelato was excellent, though more butter than pecan, and definitely upping the dish's sweetness factor but a significant degree.A great room and a lovely patio with professional service and fresh, natural, and delicious food I'm sure I'll find myself back a Chelsea's Kitchen soon - but likely not before a good dozen additional visits to the grocery and pizzeria.
4	Love the ambiance and the white sangria was deeee-lish!The food, in my opinion, was overpriced and mediocre. I had the tacos and they were nothing spectacular. My friend had the ribs and I thought they were not very flavorful either. We did have great service though.I would definitely go back as I think it's a nice place for the girls to sip sangria and catch up. but I'll skip the food.UPDATE: CK sent me a gift certificate after this review and my friend and I went on a BUSY bustling Saturday night. I ordered the tacos again and they changed the recipe and now they were yummy! I changed it to 4 stars purely for the ambiance and decent food, and the drinks still rock. I'd go back.
3	I love the cozy home feeling I get when I walk in to Chelsea's, SO NICE AND WELCOMING!! However, I am a patio lover, so I prefer sitting outside, at the caved in by trees and umbrellas patio, with a mighty fine fireplace!! Our food was just okay, I had their Green Chile Burger and It was good, It could have been better, I'm sure. It was just missing a kick, maybe complementing veggies or sauce?? I'm not sure, but something!! Honestly, I don't really eat burgers all that much, but when I crave a fatty burger I expect it to be amazing and nothing less, come on now!!! :) We also had the ceviche as our appetizer and that was delicious, super small portion though, that is the reasoning for my 4 stars this time, such a small portion on one of my favorite dishes, CEVICHE!!! OH WELL :) Other than that we enjoyed the bottomless Mimosas and a fine pitcher of the oh soo delisiosa Sangria!! YUM!!  No dessert, or tummies were full of Sangria and Mimosas!!!  What a heartbreak  :)  Parking is impossible during peak hours, so be early!! :)
2	Comfortable neighborhood hangout with a nice patio. Food was disappointing. I ordered off the starter and sides menus. The macaroni and cheese, made with brown rice pasta was flavorful, but swimming in so much grease I couldn't eat much. The "California Tabbouleh" bore no resemblance whatsoever to tabbouleh (it was more of an Asian broccoli/cauliflower slaw), and the taste was just nasty. (Everyone at the table agreed) the farm vegetables (asparagus tonight) were sadly the only edible item in my order.  My companions fared better with their entrees, but no one raved about their food. Our server was gracious about giving us separate checks, and was patient when we lingered too long after dinner.P.S. Big kudos to Brad, Chelsea's Kitchen's general manager, for quickly following up on this review to learn more details to improve quality control for the future.  With this level of responsiveness I'll be more open to giving Chelsea's Kitchen another chance.
5	I was referred by a friend to try this place out and they raved about the appetizers. We went for dinner and ordered the chicken nachito's, Prime rib and a short rib dinner. The chicken nachito's were mucho grande and pretty delicious, not sure how they got the chicken so tender. We barely finished eating the appetizer and unbuckling our pants when the main courses arrived. The prime rib was a very generous portion and the short ribs which I didn't like too much was credited back to the check and I was given the chance to replace my item. To be honest I was so full from the appetizers and the grilled vegetables from the short rib plate, that I didn't have room for anything else. I did recommend more veggies on the main dish and they seemed to have been very open to my feedback. I am sure we will dine here again.
2	Came here for brunch around 11am on a Sunday morning after a lovely visit to the Desert Botanical Garden.In a nutshell..-complimentary valet is offered-the decor was nice-the food was ok-the service was indifferent with no sense of urgencyRead on for details...-DECOR: I can't quite put my finger on the style, but with the wicker seats we sat in, the plantation shutter windows; and open air vibe especially with the outdoor patio I just felt like we somewhere tropical like Hawaii rather than in Arizona.  -FOOD: We ordered the DEVILED EGGS as an appetizer. The eggs arrived on a cute wooden board, each nestled in its own crevice. The extra ingredients used to dress up the deviled eggs were chives, bacon, and a bit of cayenne for heat.  The deviled eggs were yummy!  For our entrees, my friend had the SHORT RIB TACOS with a side of a kale and quinoa salad; guac; slasa; and made-to-order corn tortillos. I ordered the FRENCH DIP with fries. We placed our order with our server. After waiting for quite awhile for our food, our server finally brought it out to us.  My friend's tacos were yummy, especially the made-to-order corn tortillas. However my french dip was nothing to rave about. Our server must've been dancing while carrying my plate because the au jus sloshed onto my fries making them extra soggy AND the fries that missed the au jus bath were still limp because they weren't fully cooked -_-  The french bread wasn't fresh. Ieft my limp, soggy fries and huge chunks of stale bread on my plate. -SERVICE: Me and my friend were busy chatting while waiting for our food but after awhile we noticed we had been waiting a bit longer than usual for our tacos and sandwich.  I also noticed other customers in our section, who had been seated and ordered before us, still had not received their food. One of the managers came out to talk to a few tables and appeared to apologize for the delay. At this point our server was hardly to be seen and not once approached us to explain for the long wait. I flagged her down to ask how much longer our food would be. She clearly acted surprised as if we had just placed our order with her a second ago. She curtly replied "it'll be out soon, your order is at the top of the list." We sat waiting for another 15 min before our orders finally came -_-  By this time there had to have been about a 30+ minute wait between the time we placed our entree orders to the time our food actually got to our table. My friend's tacos came with 3 small corn tortillas and when she asked our server for more, our server acted as if that was the most unreasonable request. She eventually brought  a stack of 10 tortillas and plopped down on our table. I was like WTF, why not give more upfront that way we could have avoided her rude and ungracious attitude? I was very disappointed in my 1st visit here, both in my choice of dish and in the service.
5	Great place for brunch- especially their bottomless mimosas! Sitting outside by the fire place is so relaxing and smell great too! I was slightly disappointed when our heater ran out of fuel/gas right as we sat down and the servers said they couldn't A) move it and replace it with one not being used in the corner (even though the heaters have wheels and the patio was basically empty) or B) put a new tank in it...I would think for Saturday brunch when you know the patio is going to be full within the hour, an establishment such as this one should have an extra tank (or two) should the heaters need new one. Just saying...Overall, one of my top favorite restaurants in town. :)
4	I really do like this place.. It has a really awesome vibe inside and a beautiful patio area outside.  It does get really busy on weekend so be prepared to wait a bit for a table but I think the food is worth it.We had really great service which seems to be a rarity in the valley anymore.  I had the short rib tacos which were excellent.  The flavor was amazing and the homemade tortillas were delicious.  We also had the shrimp cheviche which looked great. (I am not a shrimp lover so I did not have any.)
2	What an over-rated pretentious place.We went there on a wine club bike and dine event. First impression was nice. Bike parking by the water entrance, nice patio with trees.We had a section outside reserved for our group but that section was not covered by trees and we didn't have any more places to sit or even stand comfortably so we sat down at a table next to the group on the patio.10 minutes later no one brought us water or asked if we wanted anything but  a douche of a waiter covered in colorful tattoos told us we couldn't sit there because it was reserved for guests. I asked him why he thought that we weren't guests and he gave me an attitude about how this is for different guests and we had to get up in a threatening voice. He probably wanted this table for a tip that otherwise wouldn't have went directly to him.Despite their greediness we still stayed with the group and went inside where I had a Mexican coke but I didn't think that it was warranted to spend 30 dollars on some ribeye tacos and a fancy alcoholic drink because I don't like being treated like cattle.Within 15 minutes 4  tables opened up and I went back outside where I sat down at a table again and the tattooed jackass gave my wife and me a mean intimidating look as if he was about to get violent to the point that my wife was scared of him and wouldn't dare sit down.I wonder if they hire their wait staff directly out of tent city.Anyway, I'm not going back.
4	chelsea's kitchen has been on our "to do" list for ages, yet because of their prices, we neglect to go there....however, we were meeting 2 newly found friends (yeah, we just pick random people on the street to be our friends), and they suggested we meet them there for dinner. parking lot is small. tiny. teeny. since my wife was wearing one of her fabulous pairs of heels, we had to valet since nearly the whole parking lot was reserved for valet. our dining companions had arrived and secured a "name on the list buzzer/beeper" thingy. we waited about 20 minutes. the decor is pretty neat. we ate inside but their patio looks as good or better than the Tortilla Factory. we had the tuna tartar for starters with chips and it was good. and come to think of it, i am drawing a complete blank now on what myself or my wife ordered.....holy cow. it was a salad....oh...a quinoa salad i think. i do remember eating the whole thing so it must have been good. but i do remember feeling hungry later and eating a bowl of cheerios. meh, anyway, not a very productive review i guess. i should check the website for what i ate, but if i can't remember it, then i'm thinking it wasn't that memorable.
5	Went back again and surprisingly they recognized us, how awesome is that!?. We ordered the Howie Burger with fries and let me tell you...any Midwesterner will reminisce of a BBQ flavored Jay's potato chip when they eat the fries which when dipped in ketchup becomes this Cajun spiced goodness that took me by surprise. We also ordered the Rib eye taco platter, the kale salad had a medley of flavors and was very good and the meals once again were surprisingly great.
4	I can't believe this is my first time in this great spot!Although I was recovering from a mexican food related stomach problem, I went there with 2 friends of mine.The place is great, the patio is awesome and the service couldn't be better. Too bad I didn't ask the waitress her name because I should send a compliment to the place about the great service :)So I ordered a tea (I know, it sounds weird but I was sick). The tea was tasteful and the serving was generous. After warming up with the tea and taming my upset stomach, I ordered the filet and the house pinot noir. Both were pretty good.The mountain of mashed potatoes could be smaller and on the side, instead of under the filet and I didn't try the veggies. But all in all it was a great experience.Did I say how awesome the waitress was? I'll have to go back sooner than later!
4	We really enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen with or without our children.  The restaurant manages to be both "cool" and "family-friendly" at the same time.  The focus is on quality over quantity and the Steak Tacos are excellent.  My wife loves the fried chicken.  The outdoor patio, indoor fireplace, cool bar really add the atmosphere.
4	I brought the work crew here for lunch. Everything was excellent, but no wifi and no cookie. The server was a newbie and having "issues". No big deal, I'll be back.
4	Fabulous customer service, and delicious food! After I posted a negative review from a previous experience there many months ago, Brad, CK's manager, contacted me to learn more so that they could improve the customer experience. The level of attention to customer satisfaction is among the highest I've ever experienced anywhere.  I returned last night to give them another try. Food and service were both outstanding. I had the surf and turf taco platter, which included perfectly cooked lobster and filet - delicious! My companions had the mole tacos and veggie burger, and they loved them both. We all swooned over the kale salad that came with 2 of our meals - we agreed that we could eat that everyday!
5	I really like the decor of Chelsea's Kitchen. It's simple, spacious, and has a warmth to it. Parking is very limited but they do free valet. I actually like to park my car myself but you don't really have a choice here. The menu had a few options I was eyeballing, although I decided on the kale and quinoa salad with grilled salmon. The kale was chopped nicely and the salmon cooked beautifully. I can't remember what my husband ordered....serves me right for not writing this sooner...but I do remember no leftovers.They have a nice wine menu with some selections by the glass. Our dinner companions split a burger and ordered an appetizer and dessert that they had gotten before and were joking about how they wanted to try something new but always like their favorites. Service was very good and my beloved water was filled, oh happy day :)
1	I really think I need to try this place again... it was 1.5 stars, I felt no tingly feels as it seems others have.The wine by the glass was over priced... we paid $20 for each large pour of good, but not great wine. And, our server had NO CLUE about the wines. A place like this should educate their servers.brussel sprout salad (3/5)- dressing was seriously lacking flavor. would have been a 5/5 if the dressing was good.prime rib (2/5)- large cut, very little flavor, except for the crust. the cut was too lean thus was not as tender or flavorful as it should have been... we got two of these at the table, both were the samedesert (1/5)- pecan gelato was flavorless- red velvet cake was flavorless and/or had too little actual cake... 3x too much cream cheese filling.
2	Had much higher expectations.  Went with a group of 11 and had to sit at 2 different tables on the patio - so much for a group b-day celebration.  Waitress (who will go nameless) was not the friendliest - pretty unattentive to be honest.  The food runners spent more time at our table.  Drinks are less than generous pours to say the least, but the ice cubes are huge so they have that going for themselves! Food was decent nothing to rave about. The ceasar salad was the worst ceasar salad I ever had - terrible, flavorless, I can do much better at home - I've had better ceasar salad a big weddings.  I would opt for the brussel sprout salad next time.  Kind of sad when the most memorable moment of the night was the salted chocolate chip cookie on the way out - nice touch.  I may go back but won't be in a hurry to do so.  Service was slow.
3	The food here is always good. Great tuna. Love it every time. The prices are reasonable for what you get. They range from $15-25.The Service is generally good as well.The ambiance here is unparalleled. Best patio in Phoenix hands down. What I continually struggle with here is the hostess and seating rules. There are just too many rules and it's not welcoming to guests. I feel like it is stressful to get a table because of all the rules. 1. Only take a certain number of reservations.2. No reservation for party less than 6 people.3. No reservations for the patio.4. Whole party must be there before seating. No exceptions.5. If there is no wait when you arrive, but not everyone with you - then you wait and they seat other groups ahead of you to the point when there may now be a wait for a table when your whole group arrives.The list goes on. I get the logic for the rules but it seems like there has to be a better way. It is a big turn off to enter a beautiful restaurant and then be bombarded with instructions from the hostess. I mean, I need cliff notes to have dinner here. I just feel like dinner shouldn't be that complicated for the guests. It should be easy, fun, and delicious. Nothing more.
5	I really enjoy Chelsea's kitchen every time I go there. The waitstaff is always nice and helpful, and the food is always good, despite the fact that every time I go there I order the same thing (so that doesn't allow for much variation in my review). Anyhow, what I usually get, the Ahi Tuna Tacos are ALWAYS great. The tuna is perfectly cooked, and melts in your mouth every time you get it. With the taco plate comes some of their shredded kale salad, which compared to other kale salads ive had, is the best, and somespicy aioli, tortillas and hot sauce. The aioli is the part that completes the whole meal! Also, their chicken nachitos are the best nachos I've had at any place in Arizona that doesn't serve predominantly Mexican food. Very cheesy and crunchy, with a good assortment of other toppings. Sometimes, the chicken is scarce. They also offer free sea salt chocolate chip cookies at the end of your meal which really do put a cherry on top of the whole experience! The perfect ratio between sea salt and cookie! the two cons to Chelsea's Parking: They only offer valet. Even though it's free, it's somewhat of a bother. Drinks: If you order a soft drink, like Diet Coke, or whatever, they only give you one can, which you pour yourself, and if you finish before your meal is over, they don't give you a second one without you having to ask (and an extra price added to your bill). Despite these two things, Chelsea's still deserves five stars.
4	OMG. The Short Ribs are fantastic. Every time I come here, I always have the short ribs or the tacos. When you walk in the front door, be sure to grab yourself a freshly baked cookie.
4	One word: Chilaquiles.  They are fantastic here!  One side has red sauce, while the other has green - I love split personalities!  I also like the comfortable atmosphere here, on warm days and nights their patio is lovely, with a nice fireplace, those good white lights (not the god awful led ones), and a selection of items that will appeal to everyone.  They open earlier for brunch on Sundays than on Saturdays which we discovered one unfortunate Saturday after we had done a charity walk, and were starving only to discover that we had an hour to kill.  I had my heart set on those chilaquiles as well as some guac, so not even Vincent's market next store could quench that beast and we wound up getting nice and happy with a bottle of mimosas while we waited for Chelsea's to open.  A word to the wise, 2 people can eat off those taco plates and still take home leftovers (I'm also glad to see they took that uninspired white rice and beans off the plate and replaced it with kale salad!), and I never order dessert here when those scrumptious chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are taunting me as I walk out.  I know this is probably bad form, but I always grab at least 2.  I know.  I just can't help myself.
4	Ate here today before heading back home to Columbus. I cannot say enough good things about the service, food, and atmosphere. We ordered the deviled eggs for an appetizer. They were quite tasty and very well presented. I ordered the short rib tacos which were amazing along with the homemade tortillas. We finished lunch with gingerbread gelato and sea salt chocolate chip cookies. I would come back again when in town, and would definitely recommend it to anyone in or around the Phoenix area.
4	We had a nice evening here. It feels like a "cozy date" restaurant and all was delish. Came via a Yelp search and was pleased at the results. First of all the Margaritas are really really good. They make their own sweet and sour mix and it shows. Not too sweet, not too sour... just right.     We started off with chips and salsa and guac. Should have skipped this course as most of the items were repeated with the taco platters we ordered. Thought the chips were a bit dry and not salty enough. The salsa was different and interesting but certainly not memorable.      So why four stars? Loved the seared ahi tacos.  The ahi melts in your mouth and the homemade tortillas and guacamole coupled with this fabulous margarita? WoW. Partner ordered the short rib tacos and they were really good too but the ahi won out.  We will try the swordfish next time and start the meal with that fabulous quinoa kale salad that made us sing.    The service was exceptional. We will return and plan on giving a dinner out at Chelsea's Kitchen as a Christmas gift to make sure that happens!
4	Ahi tacos, rib tacos and ribs are all good but a little overpriced. Service staff is always top-notch. Both the beer and wine lists are good, mixed and specialty drinks are nicely done.
5	Was amazing food and great atmosphere! The Del Mar Salad and Chicken Mole are soo tasty!
5	Such a great restaurant/bar.  Saturdays $12 all you can drink mimosas!  You can't beat that!  Plus the happy hour is great, the service is wonderful, and the food/drinks are great.  I got the short rib hash for brunch and loved it.  Enjoy!
4	We have been here a couple times. The place is nice and has great outside seating. Staff pretty friendly. Food is definitely good but know it is a bit pricy for what you get. We love food though so we are willing to pay for good food. This place can get busy so reservations are always good.
5	Great place for dinner. We love the ahi tuna tacos. Good atmosphere as well.
4	My fiance and I eat at Chelsea's about once a month. We love the chicken nachitos. Don't be fooled by the name; they are enormous. There is nothing "ito" about them. They come generously topped with fresh shredded chicken, silky melted white cheese, chunky guacamole, and sour cream. That appetizer is accompanied by a fantastic red salsa. Yum. Another of our favorite entrees is the swordfish tacos. The fish is always tender and cooked to perfection. I love the homemade tortillas and kale salad too. The service is always impeccable. They are quick to refill bevs and ask how we are doing.
3	Wifey and I decided to head out to dinner last night and decided on Chelsea's Kitchen. We've always been super fans of LGO so this just made sense to us. The menu is a bit all over the place, which I don't mind but my wife didn't find much she was interested in.  I had the short ribs with roasted veggies and a fried egg on top. Awesome dish, I could eat that again and again! The short ribs were cooked to perfection, the sauce velvety and delicious and the veggies perfect! The addition of the over easy egg on top was sublime! My wife ended up just getting a caesar salad and the ceviche, which are staples from LGO. Overall great service, ambiance and most importantly good food.
3	I have been dying to try this place for ages! We finally came on New Year's day simply because Parlor and Centurion were closed. First pet peeve (that includes Parlor) is being forced to valet park when the lot is half empty. Even if valet is complimentary. We were seated promptly and decor is simply gorgeous. My daughter had the PB&J kids meal and milk. I was pretty annoyed when they charged us for a refill on the milk. So, we got charged twice for two kids milks. I didn't see much that interested me on the menu so I ordered a few things I have gotten often at LGO: the shrimp ceviche and caesar salad. It was very good but odd that I was ordering LGO menu items. Pretty cool were the chocolate chip cookies on your way in/out. Can't beat that!I have heard that their brunches are fabulous so I will give it another try.....
4	Ok, so the management team was very concerned about my disappointment based on my 1st visit and resulting poor Yelp review.  They were very responsive and very proactive in finding out exactly what did not go well - I give them 4 stars for customer service.  They sent me a gift certificate and I'll be sure to go back and give them another shot. I'm looking forward to a return visit.
2	Unfortunately every "good" restaurant has their bad days too, and my last visit to Chelsea's was wretched. From start to finish. My date put our name in and we were told 20-25 mins. Well ONE HOUR later after we continually asked we were finally seated (should have just walked out). I brought my date there for his first time and this was already not a good start. We were seated and I ordered my usual vegetarian taco platter. The waitresses' description of it sounded so good this time around. However, when it arrived there was only ONE vegetable dish on it next to the taco fixings of salsa and guacamole! Half of the plate was empty! On other visits its been overflowing with so much goodness. MAJOR disappointment. After that I just wanted to get out of there, so we did not stay to get dessert or linger. Not a good first impression for someone at all : /
3	Came here for breakfast as I was waiting for a flight. I was a little disappointed that lunch wasn't offered---even if it was only 10:30am, as most of the reviews are about the lunch/dinner items. Nonetheless, I ordered the oatmeal with brown sugar, flax, and bananas. Not too bad, but I would recommend ordering the flax on the side, as it can be somewhat overpowering.Service was "okay." Took quite a while to get greeted after we sat down, other than that the server was fairly decent.My advice: come for lunch or dinner, as the breakfast definitely doesn't seem to be what the hype is all about here.
5	Incredible! Perfect flavors, delicious variety, five star service, and perfectly comfortable & inviting interior & patio! I especially loved the fireplace for a perfect AZ winters day! The kale salad was perfection!
4	Delicious Times Ten!Right when you walk in, you can see the treats being cooked up in the open kitchen - as you snack on a sea salt chocolate chip cookie.Sooo yummy!I got the short rib tacos and it came with the kale salad people rave about.  The kale salad was really good, but I'm not sure I could eat an entire plate of it.  Just as a side was perfect.My tacos were great. The sauce was very interesting.  Hard to describe, but delish either way.They had a great patio and bar area.  It seems like it would be a great spot for dinner or happy hour.  Next time Im I Phoenix, I'll definitely be back!
5	Great food, atmosphere, and service.
4	had a great lunch here while I was in town for work. Good service, good food. Would go back.
4	Solid comfort food. This is what Houston's and all those crummy joints should be. I had the pan fried chicken.  I got it served with very good fries and sugar snap peas.  It was tender, delicious etc. Give them a try. You won't regret it.  Oh, and our waitress was fantastic. Very knowledgeable, attentive, not intrusive. She even knew some arcane things about the ingredients in some dishes.  Impressive girl!  They've got a very nice outdoor dining area too.  Go there.  Enjoy...
4	2nd time around was much much better.  We had a great time, a great meal and service was spot on.  Cookies on the way out are awesome! I'll go back!
5	When in town I hit this place up many times during my stay. I always order a shredded kale salad with a side of ahi tuna, its my absolute addiction. I also love Brussels sprout salad, also with a side of ahi tuna. Its a great place for an adult gathering with the excellent bar menu and environment. As your walking out don't forget to grab some sea salt chocolate chip cookies!
5	Lunch with the girls?  Want to impress your Mother-in-Law? Show that snobby co-worker what's up? Chelsea's is it!Yumyumyum!  The food is unbeatable.  Fresh and hip, with traditional roots.  We had brunch fare: Perfectly cooked eggs, potatoes that melted like butter, sausage heaven. Your order will be served up with class by the fabulous wait staff.  Oh and the location!  Natural beauty abounds.  I can't wait to come back.
4	I recently went here for brunch/lunch with my mom since I eat at the Chelsea's airport location quite a bit. I always hear from people at the airport that the street side location is so nice and I have to say I agree. It's so pretty, the layout and the patio area was gorgeous the day we went since the weather cooperated. Since the street side location has more items than the airport, I decided to venture to give them a try, such as the lobster slidersand the mac and cheese, both items that I wish were available at the airport cause they were delicious. The service was awesome; the staff were really friendly. Next time, I totally need to try the veggie tacos or the tuna burger. My mom liked her Howie burger and I told her to get it with the kale slaw, but I ended up eating her kale slaw and she had to get a side order of fries lol. I really wanted to do dessert, but that didn't happen cause I should have known better; I should have known to leave room for dessert. I know, I was a ditz that day and wasn't thinking, but next time I'm all over it.
5	I've been to Chelsea's several times.  In the past I've gone with my husband and some friends.  I wasn't impressed with the seating and the service.  That was about two years ago. My sister and I decided to try it again.  I'm so thankful I tried it again.  This time we sat over to the right when we went in.  It's funny because we were sitting at the bar (our favorite place of all areas of a restaurant).  We thought we were looking at a mirror and then we realized we were looking at the other side of the bar that was outside.  We had to laugh.  I guess because I've always been seated at a table I didn't care for the place.  Now that I was at my prime spot it felt different.  We ended up ordering the "Brussel sprout" salad that was so amazing that I have worked in my kitchen to reproduce the salad.  I now have it down pat, but I'm now a huge fan of Chelsea's Kitchen that I will be back again, but nobody puts baby in a corner and I will be sitting at that bar where I should have been all along. It's a wonderful place to take your friends and especially out of town guests.
4	Went for lunch, patio was full so we waited at the bar for 10 minutes.  Once sat, I contemplated over the menu as there were many items I wanted to try.  I've been before, but it was so long ago when the place first opened so I feel like it was trying the place for the first time.  I ordered the braised pork tacos and they were very filling.  I was going to take a to-go box but there were like 10 birds in the trees above I was paranoid one slipped some shit into my plate while I looked away.  All that being said, lovely patio, busy with local diners, and the food is good with healthy options.
3	It was a perfect day to be outside.  We sat at the bar because we were afraid of getting pooped on by all the birds hanging out in the trees above the tables!  We just went there for drinks.   I ordered the sangria because the menu claims "best in town".   I disagree.  It was just okay.  It had a funny preservative taste to it, so I won't get it again.
4	The wait on a Friday or Saturday night can be a little long but well worth it. There is free valet but I was able to park myself. They only have four beers on tap and I enjoy their sangria. The food here is amazing, our table of four shared the nachos- huge plate. My guests had burgers and fries (comes with this delicious seasoning). I had the short rib tacos.. by far my favorite tacos... comes with six corn small tortillas.. scarfed them down and took the left overs home. One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.
2	I ordered the shrimp ceviche, Dixie fried chicken and a kale salad.Honestly it reminds me of an OLD Country Kitchen that turned the lights down, added some funky music, trained the staff, fluffed the menu with some buzz food items that lack flavor and added alcohol.  Busy place overrated & pricedI think it is a place to gather verses a place to eat.  The staff are well trained but the food needs help.
5	I decided the November trip was a fluke and was back here for work and held an important meeting at Chelsea's Kitchen. It's fun to see locals bewildered by how good this place is as they never seem to know about it. Being in Santa Monica and being blessed with the Sister Restaurant, "The Misfit", I knew the Ahi Tartar and Kale Salad would be a perfect lunch.Service was much better and I love the ambiance. There's still no wifi, but I brought my portable hotspot. And, yes I got a cookie!
5	A great restaurant in the neighborhood. Quality of food is great, service is great, atmosphere is great, can't miss with this selection.I was in town on a job and needed a place to take my boss & client for dinner, found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try, couldn't of been a better choice, great vibe all around. Food is New Mexican-American, but definitely not tex-mex.  I'm from CA so a discerning critic on any spin of Mexican but this place does a great job of creating some quality dishes.  Appetizers are upscale taco shop style, tacos are solid, drinks are ok, but we ordering old fashions when maybe we should of gotten margaritas? And don't leave without a cookie, seriously good with the sea salt. Either way the service was also on point and the design of the place is cool/mellow.  Scottsdale wasn't half bad & this place is the reason
5	Best Brunch! Huevos Rancheros were so good, I can hardly wait until my next trip back to AZ! Loved the decor--service was great and just loved our meal there.
5	Great place to eat and people watch..The fish tacos are awesome !!!
5	Met my friend here for lunch on the day it snowed in Phoenix. At this time though, it was only rain. It snowed after lunch. I have to say this was a wonderful experience. Not like the one I had at Sky Harbor.It was packed when I arrived,a 20 min wait. No problem, nice place and lots to look at here. Parking lot was jammed ,but I was blessed enough to find a spot. My friend Valeted,which was also nice as it was free. The fire place was going full steam, lovely since it was rainy and cold outdoors.Our server was Cara, and she was lovely. She kept our drinks filled and was very attentive even though, she was very busy with a full house.I ordered soup and the Brussel sprout salad, I have to say it is the best salad ever.They had run out of soup of the day,and were substituting french onion.I love French Onion, but this had no flavor. Cara got me something else right away. She was so awesome.My friend got the French Dip, she said it is now one of her favorites. At $15.00 she said, well worth it. It was a lovely day and a lovely place. I am excited to go back. I may try the airport one again, I hope it can compare. My last time there was less than fun.Any way, if you are looking for a lovely afternoon somewhere, this is the place. The staff is warm and friendly.  They seem very genuine and the place is beautiful. Bathrooms are nice and clean and very modern.
3	I just don't understand why people love this place. I have been here so many times..and for only one reason. My friends know where I live and they always suggest we go there. It's the same story everytime: "I haven't seen you in so long! We should do dinner. Let's see, whats near you? Oh I know, Chelsea's kitchen! I love that place!" Every time I search the menu, order something I don't really want because nothing sounds that appealing, pay too much for something I don't want, then go home bitter and vow I will never go back there again. I don't know what it is that I dislike this place. The food is never horrible, just not interesting or delicious. The staff is nice enough but I do feel they think I should feel privileged to be served by them.
4	Consistently great food.  Simple as that.  Combine that with attentive staff and good drinks and you can't go wrong.
5	I ate at Chelsea's Kitchen once before some years ago. I had lunch there recently as well. Parking is a mess but complimentary valet parking erases the task of finding a pace to park. I was shown a small table in the indoor section of the bar and greeted by friendly wait staff. I ordered the green chili burger with kale slaw which was unique and excellent. The burger was more than I could eat and as juicy as any burger could be. The service is excellent and the prices are moderate but fair. I think an outdoor patio seat at the louvered window bar on a nice day must be one of the best places in all of Phoenix to have lunch. The ambience is elegant but not stuffy, prideful of the establishment but not stuffy. I think this is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix and a can't miss for the long run.
4	So happy we live so close to Chelsea's Kitchen! This place is great. Fresh food, reasonable prices and a nice ambiance. Don't miss the white sangria, it is refreshing and wonderful to share. The service is usually good although the last time we visited, the hostess seemed quite bothered to help us. The only real complaint I have is that they only take reservations for parties of 18 or more. 18?! Really? Excessive. Without a reservation on a Saturday night, you will easily wait for over an hour. The patio is fabulous and this is a great brunch/lunch/dinner spot in Phoenix.
4	Great food, drinks, service. Lots of options, great deserts. Enjoyed the patio. 4 stars instead of 5, mostly because it's pricier than it ought to be on many items, though that doesn't  seem to stop them from being crazy busy all the time.
4	I've been to Chelsea's on three occasions now, with the most recent visit being the best to date. My first time was just to meet a friend for drinks. I recall having a Ketel dirty martini on their NON-smoking patio. Yeah yeah, I like to smoke when I drink. So I was slightly annoyed at this fact but I understand it makes it more enjoyable for people eating dinner.Second trip was for a Saturday or Sunday brunch, I don't remember. Just had to pull up their brunch menu to figure out what I ordered - the Daybreaker egg white omelette. It was nothing special, just standard "healthy food". I liked my cocktail (a glass of white sangria) more than I did my meal.This past week I had lunch with my boyfriend. He had the kale & quinoa salad and added rotisserie chicken (your choice of white or dark meat) for $4. I had the short rib tacos which came with a smaller portion of the kale & quinoa salad, so I was able to enjoy both without having to steal his food. The tacos were amazing. The meat was tender and juicy and they came accompanied with delicious guacamole, pico de gallo and salsa. I shared two tacos with my man and still had enough food to fill me up. Service has always been on point and I appreciate the complimentary valet. This place seems to always be busy though so be prepared to wait!
5	Went for Sunday Brunch on St. Patty's Day, celebrating our anniversary. It was very busy, but the service was excellent. For the soup of the day they had an Irish potato soup with soda bread. We asked for more bread because it was so good, and had only given one piece, but had no problem coming out with 2 more pieces.  Love the patio, the food was amazing, and had a great experience.
4	When you go to Chelsea's kitchen, don't hold back. My favorite dish is the Hong Kong fish (hey, that rhymes!).  I believe it was halibut, and it was cooked perfectly. The sauce was amazing. I also splurged and split a side of the baked mac and cheese with a friend. I can't turn down mac and cheese, and in this case, I'm so glad I didn't.  We were in the mood for white wine, and our waiter recommended the sangria - awesome! All in all, I think Chelsea's is great - the food, the atmosphere, the service. Give it a try!
3	Been to Chelsea's a couple times for dinner on the weekends recently, and had just as great service as when I've been for breakfast/brunch.  I also like their patio at night.  Even in the winter it's not cold under the heaters. Too bad the food was  as disappointing as my morning meals there.  Most of the items on the dinner menu don't interest me (their street taco plates and salads, while good, just aren't enough food for me, fried chicken with gravy is way too far on the other end of the spectrum and there ain't much in between), so I stick to the burgers which would be very good if they were executed according to the menu description.  Last week my green chile burger came with a bunch of stuff different from the menu including, of all things, pickles.  Pickles, not on the side, but smack on the green chile burger so the pickle juice could run into the green chile and burger.  Nasty.I go back for the service, but really need to remember to get a bite before going next time.
5	This place is addicting. First, the service is really, really good. But, more importantly, I love the food. This trip I passed on my favorite Kale salad and went for the build your own Taco's. This is serious work and I gave my server grief that at LGO's sister restaurant in Santa Monica, (Misfit), they always assemble my food. As far as I remember, the taco's are unique to this location. Upon finishing the meal, I dutifully dragged my guest to the cookie plate which was EMPTY. OH NOOOO! It can't be! Quickly, we alerted the Hostess who came back smiling with fresher cookies than the person got who wiped out all of the cookies. Ha! One note: Apparently the space next to LGO (across the street) is going to be a new LGO Concept. Hopefully, I get an invitation to try this as I'll go back for food!Great ambianceGreat serviceAlways great food!
5	Chelsea's Kitchen prepares awesome meals and gift wraps them in ambiance. We've enjoyed eating here a few times, recommended the place to others and even purchased a gift card for family. On our last visit, we had a minor issue with the food. One of the dishes was not prepared to our liking. The issue was resolved quickly and the management went above and beyond to ensure our satisfaction and maintain our loyalty. Sit outside under the lights with a view of the fire. Order some coffee and enjoy the little french press brought to your table.
5	Loved this place! The concierge at our hotel recommended it & it did NOT disappoint! Drinks were great, service was great (our server Kara was adorable & awesome!), burger was delicious & be sure to get the ice cream sundae for dessert!
4	A couple of colleagues and I dropped in one night after work for a bite to eat.  We sat outside on the patio.  It was around 6:30 pm and the place was packed.  I ordered:Guacamole & Chips, $10Green Chile Burger (Poblano Chili, Cheddar Cheese, Chipotle Aoli), $13The Guacamole was very good.  Much better than I expected.  The Green Chile Burger was awesome.  The bitter taste of the Peppers went well with the juicy Burger and melted Cheese....also, the Chipotle Aoli gave it a smooth finish and nice kick.Service here was very good.  Our server was attentive and kept our Wine glasses full.  Can't wait to come back and try more items.Return Factor - 90%
2	Undercooked salmon (server said it would be medium), but more sadly, the vegetable of the day was fresh English Peas with crimini mushrooms, a favorite of mine and these too were undercooked, overly coated with butter/oil and worse yet, the delicate flavor masked with red hot peppers.   The fingerling potatoes were lukewarm when brought to the table.  I know this place is highly rated by many but it will take a lot to persuade me to come back.
2	Disappointed, Chelsea.  I did a foodie tour of Phoenix this past weekend and I had been given SO many recommendations for Chelsea's Kitchen so of course when I read about the free salted chocolate chip cookies, I threw my diet to the side and jumped on the chance to give it a try.Unfortunately my overall experience was simply "meh".  BOOOOO!I believe I got off on the wrong foot with our server, though I'm not sure why.  It was not busy when we arrived as it was a Monday at 5 PM.  We were seated immediately and I asked a waitress (VERY tall brunette with a bun and a bit of a snarky smile) if there were any drink specials.  She said there were not so I ordered off the regular drink menu, an overpriced oversweetened cucumber concoction that was DISGUSTING.  Someone else brought the drinks while yet ANOTHER waitress (shorter, more petite brunette gal) actually took our food order.  We tried all the higher recommendations on Yelp but honestly I was not impressed by anything we ate.  We decided on the short rib and ahi tuna tacos both with the Kale salad.  We also got the deviled eggs which were "OK".  I don't know if I am supposed to be impressed with normal eggs boiled and baconed up.Anyway, the short ribs were good but needed more flavor and my ahi tuna was beyond bland. I was supremely disappointed that everything just didn't hit the mark.But what really upset the whole dinner was the same girl who first offered us drinks and told us there were NO specials on beverages, offered the table RIGHT next to us the "happy hour" specials which included $5 house wine, half off beer list and well drink specials.  Endless options for the couple sitting next to us?!?!  What?!?!  I was furious.  I don't know why I got so upset but I felt completely jipped b/c I was sipping an awful drink, eating bland food AND basically being lied to.I proceeded to inform our food waitress about this situation and honestly, I would not have been so upset had I not specifically asked her about special options for drinks.  I probably would have drank a lot more too and chosen something I wanted vs. feeling like my options were limited to the specialty drink list.Our waitress was calm and polite, removing the drink charge but for $55 this food was not worth it and if they are going to pick and choose who they offer the specials to then I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The place was packed though so it certainly is popular.  I have been wrong before so make your own call about going.  And the cookies - they were pretty good but nothing I would go out of my way again to eat.
3	I am writing a quick update to my review.  After reading about my less than stellar experience, Chelsea's promptly wrote and apologized. They expressed an interested genuine concern and if I were to come back to AZ, I would definitely make a 2nd trip in there.  I do think considering the other reviewers here, that I had a "one off" experience.  It's a bummer for sure but all restaurants have their off nights.  I appreciate Chelsea's response and if I am ever back in the Phoenix area indulging in an off my diet food tour, I will check it out and try something else.
5	Forgive me for my delay in updating my review.  Chelsea's kitchen really values their patrons having a positive and enjoyable dining experience.  Within about 24 hours from my original post, I received an e-mail from the manager apologizing for our "just okay" visit.  She gave us a gift certificate to go back.  We took up the offer and returned for a full dining experience.  We were extremely impressed.  I have to say our waitress, Jessica, probably provided the best service I have ever received, at least the best I can remember in a very long time.  She was able to read us to know whether we were there for a quick dine or relaxed long dine.  I had a red wine that was delicious. We ordered the fish tacos and a hamburger.  Keep in mind, the price is more on the high end, but they delivered on taste and presentation. The food was brought at the right time.  I get nervous when the food at a place like this is delivered too quickly...I will definitely be returning as the food, service and ambiance is deserving of a 5 star review.
1	I have been to this restaurant on a number of occasions. While the food has always been average, today's meal was a nightmare. Arrived for lunch at 1:30pm, not very busy. Server was unfriendly and I ordered the Howie Burger, asking for it cooked medium and no Dijon sauce. My burger was not medium, not even rare, it was raw! The server tried to tell me it was rare. When I cut it in half, she saw it was raw and asked if I wanted it cooked. The next burger came, very rare, now with the Dijon sauce and those horrible cayenne pepper fries. I ate one bite and my hunger disappeared. In addition, I am sitting Inside and spent most of the meal making sure the numerous flies did not land in my food. This is a high end restaurant? Keep it. There are so many other good places, did not even get an apology. Think twice before heading here. The PV snobs can keep this one.
5	ambiance is wonderful and the best roasted chicken.
4	My first time at Chelsea's Kitchen.  Went for brunch with a small group of ladies. We sat on the patio and it was wonderful. We had ordered the deviled eggs with bacon. Oh my yummy. I could have had 5 orders of that myself. I'm still craving it now.  Also had a mimosa, the hot cakes with a side of bacon.  I personally didn't like the hotcakes but a couple gals at our table tried it and they enjoyed it.  My only one tiny complaint is the shedding of the trees above all the patio tables. They do give tons of shade so I cant complain too much. Just make sure to watch when you take a bite or drink that you don't take in twigs or leaves.  The server even had twigs in the water jug she used to fill our waters so one of us had the surprise twig added to her water.  Oh and have a friend check your hair before you leave to get all the leaves out of your hair. Yeah, you'll look like a couple of monkeys searching for bugs in their fur, but everyone else would be doing it too. Looking forward to going back for lunch and dinner and having more deviled eggs!
4	Update - Chelsea's Kitchen has staff that are really on top of their online presence, which is impressive to me. After I wrote my last review giving some constructive criticism on their timeliness of service, I received a message from CK and was offered a gift card to come back and try their service/food again. That's never happened to me before, and I really appreciated the gesture. I did go back with my husband and we tried steak tacos (YUM!), ribs, and kale salad, all of which were FABULOUS once again. I am happy to report that the service, despite it being a Friday night, was significantly better this time around. We were barely seated when we had someone taking our drink order, and the drinks arrived within 5 minutes (we ordered from the bar which always takes a little longer than, say, soda). I'm giving this place two thumbs up now!
5	Had the prime rib Friday night.  Holy schmoly it was awesome.  Very tender... super tasty.Involved some arm twisting for me to NOT order the beloved Howie burger... but was glad I tried this delish plate.  Mashed potatoes and steamed veggies.  Only complaint was that the veggies were cold.   Highly recommend.
4	I am writing this review because I am alive. I had a near death experience while visiting Chelsea's Kitchen. I happened right about dessert time while I was halfway through my red velvet cake slice. It was that good, I almost died. But I didn't, I lived to tell about it. Red. Velvet. Cake. (Flashbacks...)As for the rest of the dining experience:-Valet parking (saves me time and effort!)-Beautiful inside decor (comfy Sedona-ish feel.)-Lively menu items-Lovely and sweet staffI have no negative comments about Chelsea's. The wait for the food was a bit long and the food is a bit on the mild side. The dessert items however, are to die for (as mentioned above.) Other than that I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
5	One of my favorite restaurants!  Have been a couple times and have always had at least adequate service and amazing food.  Lobster tacos (surf & turf, no steak- I don't eat red meat) are to die for!!!
4	Delicious. Great service. Cute atmosphere. We brought out of town guests and they fell in love with the prickly pear margaritas.
5	I've been to Chelsea's in the past so this really isn't my first time here nor was it my only great experience but that was my pre-Yelping days so here it goes.I took my mother here today for a second Mother's Day outing and arrived a little after opening which was good as the place was packed by noon. The hostess was friendly and sat us at a booth. I love the interior of this place; lots of brick, stone, wood and high ceilings not to mention a beautiful bar overlooking the patio which I will definitely be returning to check out more closely. Started out by ordering the Prickly Pear Margarita...so yummy and it's a pretty drink (hot pink). Perfect for the hot weather. We split the Del Mar Salad...amazing! The shrimp and crab tasted fresh and there were generous portions of both along with jicama, avocado, and tomatoes. Afterwards, we split the French Dip with fries. The meat was so tender and delicious! Next time, I'll probably add cheese as I felt it was only missing a slight something. The fries were yummy and they tasted like they were seasoned with something sweet...unexpected but good none the less.Our server was Cara and she was great.She was very friendly without seeming fake and over the top. My only problem is how to avoid going to Chelsea's Kitchen all the time as I've moved in right near by. I guess I'll need to remind myself that while it isn't unreasonably priced, it's not the cheapest either. Who knows if that will even stop me?
3	More like 3.5 stars. I liked the service, the pan fried chicken and red velvet cake. However the vegetable was awful. It was suppose to be zucchini, eggplant and onion. What we were served was overpowering red onion with a small couple of pieces of zucchini that tasted of onion. Mashed potatoes were cold. What I hate the most is "free valet" at restaurants. No valet when we arrived but they were setting up when we left. The attendants had cones so close to existing cars that they were being caught on cars when patrons tried to leave which was followed by an attendant kicking the cones around. I guess he wanted to let everyone know either his dissatisfaction or show his laziness. Either way it was a poor representation for the establishment.
5	This was our second trip to Chelsea's.   all we can say is YUMMM!   Husband had the Short Rib Tacos and I had the Chicken Mole Tacos.  Both are served with a nice helping of guacamole and a fabulous Kale Salad.  We sat on the patio. ( do it before it gets too hot!  Totally worth the wait!). We had a pitcher of Sangria which we think is a great price for $21.  It seems to be their signature drink.  There was a pitcher on practically everyone's table. The service was top notch and it ran like a well oiled machine.  And then....there was...the....Red Velvet cake.  Like no other....  Don't leave there without trying it.
4	This place has a fantastic patio--so cute and plenty of shade from the hot sun. It's possible that it was partially a result of my excitement over finally being on a short vacation, but this was one of the best lunches I've had in a while. We started with the  smoked trout dip, which I honestly wasn't expecting to like very much. Wow was I wrong! It was so good that when we ran out of crackers, my husband (embarrassingly enough) finished it with a spoon...I got a burger and my husband got a tuna burger. Both were great! Here's a tip though: even though the kale salad is great, if your dining companion orders the fries you will be jealous. Not quite sure what the seasoning was, but how can you not like seasoned fries?
5	Always spot on. Great quality for reasonable prices. They never miss delivering great atmosphere and awesome food.Had an exceptional surprise. The Valet service (DESERT PARKING) blew us away. They took our car, parked it up front ,and had it ready as we walked out. And they couldn't have been more polite.We are planning our next dinner this weekend.YEH !!!
5	We came here yesterday morning for breakfast. Loved loved loved! We sat in the back patio. So perfect! They really made it feel like you were no longer in aZ. Trees and flowers surrounded you. The staff was very nice and attentive. My young children enjoyed the hot cakes and fruit! Perfect breakfast! I had the chilaquiles. So yummy, but could definitely have shared it with the husband. Huge portion. My husband had the short rib hash. That was ok. Probably won't order that again. He regrets not ordering the egg Benedict after seeing 8 tables order it. We also had to try the red velvet cake because of you yelpers:). It was very delicious and rich, hah maybe not for breakfast, but had to try it. If you are on a diet this is not for you. Lots of in between cream cheese goodness. ;). Great restaurant! Will come back!! Oh and kids loved the wiki sticks! It really entertained them!
4	one of the best corn tortillas you'll ever taste. my mouth is watering just thinking about those short rib tacos. MUST HAVE. and don't forget to have a slice of their famous Red Velvet cake. to die for.
5	Chelsea's Kitchen is a really nice place to eat and the food is amazing. It was my first time there today and I ordered the Green Chili cheeseburger and fries. Being from New Mexico I am picky about green chili and CK really surprised me! The green chili on my burger had such great texture and it was actually hot... :) not an unbearable-slamming your water hot but it had a good kick to it and I was in love. The fries also had a yummy seasoning that I was living for :) I will return to CK many more times and work through their menu :) Ps remind me to try some of their Gelato next time :)
5	This place is yummy!!! Hubby and I came here recently for a weekend lunch around 1pm, place was packed but the wait was only about 15 minutes. Valet parking is there to help as the parking lot is small.  They have inside and outdoor seating, and even with the high temps the patio is cool with the misters. Service was excellent and friendly and the menu had a good amount of variety.  The kitchen is small but they have a real good handle on getting the food out.  I enjoyed the short rib tacos but the star for me was the kale salad.  Outstanding.  Hubby had the burger and said it was the best that he had ever had.  A bit pricey for lunch, around $15-20 plus drinks and/or appetizers but well worth it.  I would not hesitate to come back!
5	Brought a friend for her birthday and to ruminate on her boy woes. I figured the copious amounts of space balls amazing food, drink and eye candy would do the drink.I was right.On all fronts.My friend Tracy says they only hire good looking people here. She's absolutely 100% correct. EVEN IN THE KITCHEN. Especially in the kitchen. Anyway.Beverage: White Sangria. Generous on the fresh fruit and...oh, of course, booze. Warning kids - the sangria gets stronger towards the bottom of the pitcher. (My friend got the majority of the pitcher as, shh!, I sipped my glass s-l-o-w-l-y.) The other time I was here the wine I enjoyed was like butter. I mean, if drinking butter was refreshing. And light. And relaxing. Definitely something I'd like to do again. Explore the wine menu buttheads - not drink butter.Seating: We propped ourselves in the bar high top to see out towards the canal. On the weekends this place is uber casual with folks streaming in and out in workout clothes. Today there was a mix of work professional and ladies that lunch. And by that I mean (us:) and really tipsy women with lots of shopping bags. (Goodie for them! :)Meal: We both went with tacos! How could we not? My friend ordered the Grilled Ahi Tuna and I the Ribeye Steak. (See my photos). Superbly good. We shared - but really I liked mine more. Maybe - and this is just a maybe - because I haven't had any meat in a really long time besides turkey. They cooked the ribeye as requested to medium rare. Nothing beyond that.We also got a ginormous side order of fries. There is MORE than enough for two people to share. With it comes an aioli sauce. Let me try and describe this to you the best way I can...If I ate mayo straight I would do it here. Preferably with a large spoon while wearing a bib. Actually, scratch the spoon. I'd use my fingers.It's *that* good.We stuffed ourselves as much as humanly possible. (Girly, right?)On the way out we picked up our complimentary sea salt chocolate chip cookies. I might have had two. Maybe.
4	I had a pork dish when i was here. It was pretty good. The wait here was long. Definitely make reservations next time we come.The nachos we had as an appetizer was large, we split it between 7 people (remember an appetizer not a meal). Everyone had different dishes, most of my family got Tacos. They looked really good and tasted even better..Food was well prepared and consistent throughout.Next time we will have to try to sit outback, because i hear it has a nice view.
4	My wife treated me to Chelsea's Kitchen for my birthday. I was a little apprehensious when I saw the prices. Most spendy places that I've been to have small portions. I don't like to gorge myself, but I like to get a good value when going out to eat. I ordered the braised short rib tacos, which were around $16. The meat was in a big pile and it came with little tortillas, along with some guac, salsa, rice and beans. I made enough tacos to finish all of the tortillas, and was quite full. Then I noticed that I had only used about half of the meat. At about the same time the waitress arrived at the table asking if I wanted more tortillas and a to-go box. I ended up bringing the leftovers to work and it was enough for a full meal, so it ended up being a pretty good value. Everybody was very friendly and helpful. I probably won't go there on a regular basis, because of the prices, but I definitely will be back for a special occasion.
5	Perfect brunch place ! And if the weather is nice, it is simply mind-blowing to sit out on the patio. Their patio is covered with tree shared so in any case, the temperature is lower than normal. Have visited on a couple of occasions and never been disappointed. Pricey, however. Good portions.
5	My family had some friends come in from out of town, Seattle, and they suggested this place to us.  Hey...I am open for anything at least one time.  So I Yelped the place to gather some information.  The photos big this place justice.  So we get to Chelsea's Kitchen, we a prompting greeted and sat, and ordered the deviled egg's.  WOW.  Slap me and call me Susan.  lol.  We place our order which arrives quite fast, and precedes to exceed all of my expectations.  I was blown away.  I had the short ribs tacos, highly recommend, and the wife order the crab cakes.  I know crab cakes in the desert, BUT the were quite delicious.  Overall, we were very satisfied with the experience, and plan on going back.
4	I absolutely love Chelsea's Kitchen. I have never had a bad experience and their patio is awesome. The only downside to the patio is that the tables are built in place so it is hard to have a large party on the back patio.
5	I am a big fan of their Sashimi salad and the Carnitas w/ red sauce tacos. Can't wait to get back there again!
5	I live in NYC, and was visiting family in Phoenix. They suggested this place, and it was delicious. Get their short rib tacos.  They are insane. And they come with freshly made corn tortillas that are incredible.  Top it with some guacamole, salsa, and kale cabbage...and it was one of the best tacos I have had.  They also cater towards those who are gluten free, which also makes it easier for me.  I only wish they had gluten free versions of the salted chocolate chip cookies they give out when you leave!
5	Deliousious, beautiful patio!  Beautiful service.  :)
4	Chelsea's Kitchen had a 4th of July special: Buy 1 entree, get a 2nd one for $4! We were anticipating a lot of people there for an Independence Day dining deal (And they do not accept reservations), so we came here for an early dinner. We got there around 4:45 and were able to get a parking space with no problem. When we left at around 6 though it was quite crowded and there was a line for parking.We were greeted and seated promptly. After poring through the menu, we decided on the deviled eggs appetizer, and I chose the short rib tacos. I also had some of the green chile cheeseburger.The deviled eggs were beautifully presented, and were delicious. The filling had a nice creamy, tangy zest to it, and the eggs had a sprinkling of bacon pieces on them.The short rib tacos were quite tasty. The short rib had a lovely, slow-braised texture and rich flavor. The plate came with a huge portion of fresh guacamole, pico de gallo, kale and quinoa salad, and hand-made corn tortillas. The dish was $18, but at such as huge portion I could have easily shared it with someone else. The green chile burger I tried was juicy and packed with flavor, but not cooked to our specifications. It was ordered as medium-rare, but when we received it, it was closer to medium-well. It was still tasty nonetheless, but disappointing that for a $13 burger, it wasn't cooked to our requested temperature! The fries that came with the burger were excellent- perfectly crispy, yet tender on the inside. They were also dusted with a lovely bbq spice mix to add a slightly sweet, smokey flavor.Service was good and drinks were refilled promptly as needed. When you leave, be sure to try one of their free salted chocolate chip cookies! When we went, the cookies were a little unevenly salted to one area, so certain areas I bit into tasted super salty.
2	As return devotees to Chelsea's after moving back to the Valley, we were happy to come experience all that is the Chelsea's experience.The Kale Salad and fish tacos can be to "live for".The servers are off the charts as are the hostesses. So an "A'" for the above and a credit to Management for their skills in attracting and hiring A List Talents.Yet the rest is a flat out "F" !!!Chelsea's (on both our visits) has a serious issue with flies.  Serious!!As a refresher, flies  breed bacteria. Anything they hang around long enough is going to become infected. As they land on your food, they are leaving behind bacteria and who knows what else.And with Chelsea's Open kitchen, they are just as present and endemic on your food before it is served.Have you ever gone to throw your trash in the outside bins and  open the cover and there are what seems like hundreds of flies. They breed around garbage. The problem with that is when they are done with the garbage they can end up  infesting your food.Again, we really like the people here and the next day reached out to their GM Steve Whittaker and received no reply.Go figure.....
5	I waited wayyyyy too long to come here. This place is sooooooo good. First of all, the patio. Big patio fan and this one is awesome. Lots of flowers and they were playing really good, chill music, and it helped that it was a beautiful day. We split the Del Mar salad and the Howie Burger and loved every bite of both. Also, I got a prickly pear margarita that was equal parts pretty and delicious. Every plate that came past us looked really good and I can't wait to go for brunch some time. Also, service was great and staff was friendly.
5	One word: Amazing!! Service was excellent. The entire meal (especially that Red Velvet Cake) was crazy good!
1	I have always enjoyed going to Chelseas Kitchen, up until last night.  What a horrible experience we had.  We were in a group of 9 for a birthday dinner, as we were waiting for the others to show, we ordered a round of drinks.  Mine arrived and as it was being placed down, alot spilled and drenched my knee.  The server apologized and got something to wipe it off but did not offer to have it cleaned or even take care of the drink.We were seated at the table (after everyone showed) and our server came over.  I asked about getting a French Dip sandwich for Dinner and she said no, they dont do that.  I tried to explain to her that I had one 2 weeks ago because I asked, and again she said no.  She asked what I wanted for dinner and I again asked if she would just check with the kitchen as that will make a difference on what I order.  She comes back and says "I was right, the kitchen said they wouldn't do that, so will you order?"  I was dumbfounded but I ordered.  My friend ordered another Beer (the type in a Pilsner glass) and got a different more expensive beer.  She took a sip and said this isn't my beer and called our waitress over.  She said yes it was, and I said NO it isn't.  So she went back and got the correct type of beer.  In the mean time (After a sip was taken out of the glass) she took the glass left on the table and brought it to another in the party, who did not know and did not know us).  We were outraged and went to talk to the Bartender about what happened.  She called over a Manager who asked, after hearing the story, "did you take a sip out of it"?  He stated that he would talk to the waitress about it but did nothing about the already sipped beer at the table.The guest of honor had ordered Champagne and strawberries for the group and they brought out all but one glass, so had to bring another glass out of much inferior grade.I learned my lesson, eat at the bar where you can see your food and beverages and what they do to them.  I am so disappointed in how several situations were handled by the staff as well as the Manager.  They need customer service training.
5	Great experience.  Will come back again!
4	We came for the pan fried chicken. Which was the only entree we didn't end up loving. Go figure!We started with a cocktail on the patio side of the bar, and moved to a table inside when it was ready.Appearing on our table (we all shared) was the kale and quinoa salad, the cheeseburger on leaf instead of bun, ribeye, pan fried chicken, grilled salmon and the baked mac n' cheese. Each dish was well presented, good portions and solid flavor. The kale salad and cheeseburger were AMAZING. The ribeye, salmon and mac n' cheese were all very good, and the pan fried chicken was OK. Given the way the four of us felt about all the other items, the chicken was just not up to par.We finished with really good coffee and a shared dessert of key lime pie with pecan graham cracker crust and the most amazing strawberry gelato any of us have ever tasted. As an added bonus, it's vegan! (A bonus for me, as I have some dairy issues - knowing it was vegan I didn't have to worry about the risk!)Service was flawless, the room was welcoming and comfortable, and I look forward to many more meals here!
4	I am a firm believer in if you can complain about it then you should also praise it!  We went back for Lunch yesterday, sat on the Patio, under the cooling misters and we had a nice time.  Our server was attentive, our drinks came right away and our food was exactly what we had ordered.  The fries are some of the best fries anywhere and the Rare French Dip is amazing.  I am so glad that I went back again,because THIS is the Chelsea's that I know and love.Thank you for encouraging me to try again, Allison!I will be back!
3	When I can't give a restaurant a 4 or 5 star review, when clearly, everyone else seems to be a raving fan, I try to start out with the positives. Like the service. A+++, polished, friendly and genuinely attentive. Beautiful location, comfortable, casual yet classy ambiance. Now the not-so-good. The food. But how can this be? I ordered the "award winning" short rib tacos. Yes, the handmade corn tortillas were an unexpected and wonderful idea. The short ribs were just meh. I have to brag and qualify my opinion here. I am a classically trained chef with over 15 years in the restaurant business as an owner. Reviewed by Zagat, Conde Naste, Sunset... I think my opinion matters. I'm just sayin'. Back to the short ribs. There was a more than ample pile of more than amply braised beef in a more than ample tomato-ey sauce served with a ginormous pile of guac, pico and kale slaw. I would honestly be surprised if this were true short rib meat as it was lacking the elasticity one would find in this type of meat, even having gone through a true braise. The meat was stringy, and overcooked to the point of having lost its meat "essence". I really had to send it back. I could not invest myself of eating a meal of it. Back to service, they were promptly back to see what else I would like to order, even a sous chef came out to see. Nice touch. My husband had already motored through most of his burger, so I opted for something fairly quick, a Caesar Salad with a side of grilled salmon. Once again, I am sorry....the salad I received was a boring pile of not very crispy romaine, under dressed in a bland creamy dressing with maybe four or five shreds of parmesan and five croutons.  Really?? It is not difficult to make an outstanding Caesar and I would and did expect that one would appear in front of me at Chelsea's Kitchen. My salad was an afterthought. Hubs had a burger, ordered it med-rare, got med -no rare. An okay burger, but again, not cooked to order even in the slightest. Will I ever go back? Yes.I just won't have my expectations about the food set so high.
4	One thing's for sure, and that's that Chelsea can cook a mean meal.Our group of three swung by this spot on a Tuesday after our original plans fell through, and we called ahead to see if they had any tables open. They had one, and they so graciously held it for us since we were just a few minutes away. We were seated right when we got there as promised, and I could tell right away I was going to love the atmosphere! I tried the white sangria and thought it was great. I wanted to order more cocktails but was trying to do that whole "responsible" thing. My eyes kept going straight to the Prickly Pear Margarita, so that's what I'll try next time. Moving onto the food, the brussels sprouts salad with almonds, manchego cheese, and bacon is excellent, and perfect for sharing. I had to order the grilled swordfish tacos because a few people told me about them beforehand, and I'm so glad I did! The toppings were wonderful, and the kale slaw that came on the side is worthy of ten stars. So much flavor, and I felt good about getting a solid dose of greens in. What I loved most about my dinner was that most of it was so healthy - fresh veggies everywhere. I would absolutely visit Chelsea's again. Another home run in Phoenix!
4	Great food and atmosphere! Modern and swanky yet accommodates kids very well. Cute kids menu written on a chalk board and kids bendy rope game to play with at the table. If you're kidless, the patio is a great place for date night. For Apps, guacamole and deviled eggs are great. For entrees the short rib tacos are my favorite by far and my friends always rave about the ahi tuna tacos. My husband also get the lobster tacos every time! The service is also pretty good. They're attentive and quick once you get sat. They don't take small party reservation so expect to wait. I've always had to wait no matter what day I go. It's also a bit pricey so prepare for a $100+ check if you tend to order all the bells and whistles and/or have 4+ people.
5	Great place to eat if you want great fish, poultry or beef.  The decor is cute and makes you feel like you are at your mom's house eating.  I have been here a couple of times and I go back because the food is delicious as I had the fish tacos, beef tacos and Ahi salad (salad was a little disappointing).  The prices are higher than your average restaurant in the area so be ready for $18 tacos.  Definitely a local favorite place in AZ!  What they don't tell you is you can get a free cookie on your way out the door.  So don't forget to grab one!
4	Chelsea's Kitchen was a nice find (Thanks Yelp). Had the shrimp ceviche. Not the best ceviche I have ever had, but, solid.  The melon soup was sweet with just enough spice to make it interesting. The brussel sprout salad was outstanding. Service was good. This place fills up early.
5	Sunday brunch favorite...Taco's, seafood, Stella..
5	Incredible food and consistency.  The swordfish tacos are to die for.  Probably the most deserving 5-star rating in Phoenix.  Their prices are very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients and preparation.  Very nice atmosphere, too.
4	This is a great place to come to for a Saturday or Sunday brunch but be prepared to wait. I came around noon on a Sunday with not many people waiting in front of me, the hostess said 15 minutes and we did not end up getting seated for 45 minutes. That was definitely not cool. Service is okay.The first time I was here, I ordered the hot cakes which were not my favorite. Second time around I went with the short rib hash and it is to DIE FOR. If you can't decide what to choose on the menu, go with this one - it is bursting with flavors! Make sure to also try the coffee, the server will freshly press it right in front of you. This menu is a little more pricey than the average so be prepared to spend more than expected. But there are many options so everyone can pick to their liking.
4	This is a real treat for anyone who wants to get some faith back in great restaurant food that is not overpriced, especially considering the quality of food they serve: organic meats, never-frozen fish, and generous portions.
4	It was dark when I came to Chelseas Kitchen's patio. Very cozy, and very relaxing. I get the feeling that I didnt get to witness this place when it is in its prime, but what I experienced was good, very good. I never really left the patio, because the ambiance out there was amazing and induced mingle - which was the purpose of my evening. The option to sit down and have a more personal conversation was always there, but never used. Instead I browsed through the crowd silently, staying out of the conversations unless I was called out on being the smirking observer. The service was not super attentive, but very friendly and knowledgable. I felt very at home at this place, and never that I had to become indescreet to obtain service. I also had some awesome porter, which name was forgotten by the first sip. The sortiment of beers and drinks is way sufficient. I will be coming back here, it is just in a part of town I dont frequent all that often. Kinda sad, I wish I did. Chitty chitty .. der kritiker
4	I meant to write a review for this place shortly after I dined, but I forgot. However, I did NOT forget how delicious my meal was! My boss took our office manager and me to Chelsea's Kitchen in April for Admin day and I am now hooked. I had never been before, so I was a bit nervous. My friend, the office manager, highly recommended the swordfish tacos, but I noticed there was a French Dip option. I am a huge French Dip fan, so I of course chose that and WOW! It was the BEST French Dip I have EVER had (and I've had them at a ton of places)!! The beef was "melt in your mouth" fantastic, the french roll was toasty, the au jus was perfect, and the FRIES! The fries were magical. I loved EVERY bite! It would have gotten 5 stars, but our service was a bit slow. I remember having to wait a bit to get my water, and refills. As well as the other guests with me.
5	Food and service was excellent. Had lunch with my dad there and we were both satisfied with our choices. Dad got the sashimi salad and I got the ahi-tuna burger with kale slaw. The menu is interesting and gives plenty of fun healthy options. For dessert we had the pistachio gelato, the texture was good but it was a bit to creamy for me. Overall great place for lunch
5	Great wait-staff, always friendly. Food is superb. They keep the menu small, so they can use fresh ingredients and unique items. I have not had anything here that wasn't above average. Short ribs are great. It is small, poplular and they do not take reservations. My wife and I's favorite place to eat dinner now.
4	We've been here for brunch/lunch a few times and always enjoy it. They've got some different options, (that I like to think are on the lower calorie side, though I am probably fooling myself) such as the Brussel Sprout salad (YUM!) and the Kale Salad with quinoa. I really enjoyed eating both and didn't feel like I was missing out on anything because both were legitimately delish! When the weather is cooler the patio is nice too, nothing like sipping Sangria in the sunshine! Overall, always an enjoyable experience. And don't forget to snag one of the complimentary mini salted chocolate chip cookies on your way out the door!
4	Normally I would give this place 5 stars but they stopped making the lobster sliders????  Why I ask?  My hubby loved them... this is why we went there... we even introduced other friends and family to the lobster sliders... and now you take them off the menu???  The short rib taco's, yes they are good... I like them for brunch in the short rib hash as well... but why would you take something off the menu that nobody else has around this area?  You are the only place?  Please bring them back!  We haven't been there since the last time when we found out they were taken off the menu.  I miss you Chelsea's Kitchen! FYI Arnold Palmers here are delish!  Deviled eggs are scrumptious too!  Get the big order... you'll eat them all!  Oh and one other thing that I have had is the Chicken.... Roasted or rotissere... its very tastey too.  Beautiful patio if you like to sit outside... very loud inside.  Free salted chocolate chip cookie on your way out... right by the door.  Its strange... I don't think I like them but a lot of other people do.
5	While traveling for business this was recommended for dinner. The atmosphere was great and the portions were large. I had the short rib tacos and they were delicious!! It is obvious they use high quality fresh ingredients.
5	This place was delicious!  I had the ahi tacos and a side order of french fries (because I'm a fry addict), and both were fantastic.  The wait staff is very friendly and attentive, and you even get a free cookie on your way out the door!  I would definitely go back.
4	I don't think ever heard a single person ever say anything bad about this place.  I love it here.  The food is awesome.  Atmosphere is great.
5	This place rocks!  The rib eye steak tacos are the bomb!  I have taken numerous friends and co-workers here and everyone is always happy with their meals.  Service is always excellent.  The parking can be a pain and sometimes you need to wait for a table, but those inconveniences are well worth it.
2	I know this restaurant has 4 stars and it is super busy.  However, my experience was nothing better than 2 star.  Basically it was the lack of service.  The server took our drink order at the bar and gave us a menu.  We received our drinks and she disappeared before we could place an order.  About one hour later she brought us our check.  Amazing.  We really wanted more cocktails and food.  We tried to flag her, but she ignored us or didn't see us.  We paid the bill and went down the street to a restaurant that was interested in our business.
4	Amanda, our server, was attentive and helpful on making our late luncheon choices.  Alas, we ordered what we had last time:  shrimp ceviche plus we shared a huge burger.  Both were terrific!  The patio was open but it was a bit warm, so we stayed inside.  Last time we thoroughly enjoyed the outdoor environment.  This is a friendly place with great food.You will not find any advertising for this great place.  My Doctor recommended it to us.  His office is just down the street.
5	This is simply my favorite restaurant  for brunch/lunch/dinner in town. As a small business owner the fact I I appreciate the most is the CONSISTENCY -  or great food and great service. There is no bad days here. If you see a person there ordering chicken nachitos over and over and over.... that's me :) Congratulations to management on tightly run ship!
5	We went here for the first time last weekend. There were 6 of us. Everyone loved their food. I had the vegetarian tacos. Awesome! Love the atmosphere, can't wait to go back and sit out on the patio by the fireplace.
5	I've eaten a lot in my life. Yes, this is true. As a result I've taken to exercise with a passion. This business of a moment on the lips and forever on your hips is heresy.  It is also a known fact I enjoy a nice wine here and then. (Shhh!) Insert extra cardio time.And if you know me well enough, you know I moved to Phoenix for the following reasons:- The nice views- The nice peopleEverything I've just said is available in copious amounts at Chelsea's Kitchen. A visit to Chelsea's Kitchen is always a treat. I had to re-write my review to (hopefully) reflect the adoration and fondness I have for this neighborhood staple.Before I forget, let me start with my recent palate adventure. I enjoyed the BEST. BURGER I've Ever Eaten. In my entire life.No joke. If you haven't had the joy of savoring a "Howie Burger" you should stop, drop (whatever you're doing!) and hussle over there. ASAP.Emily, our super awesome server, helped me narrow down which burger to dine on. She sold me with her prose and obvious delight in the Howie. Carmelized red onions, Havarti cheese and Dijon sauce played so well together in my mouth I had a moment. A long moment. My friends were just not there. (Sorry peeps. My food took precedence.)  Not only were the ingredients doing wonderful things to my tongue the burger truly was cooked rare. It fell apart in my mouth.I just sighed as I wrote that.I may have to go back soon for another one.Yes, every meal at Chelea's Kitchen is divine. They are plated with artistry and presented to the table with flare. The servers all know the story behind each dish and are prompt to attend to any need you have. It doesn't matter who you encounter during your visit to Chelsea's Kitchen everyone offers the highest level of customer service. That means the hostess, the servers, the bartenders, the bussers, the kitchen and management.There is no such thing as a bad seat.On a lazy day, if you so choose, you can look out on the canal. If you feel like it, there's a wonderful patio.(Of course they have misters. That work and don't drown you.)If the Phoenix Oven is in effect there is glass to protect the Dainty Humans. Oh, and there is just so much air conditioning you should bring a sweater.Yes, the wine here is amazing. So is the sangria.So are the cocktails.Of course you've heard about the sea salt cookies. To be honest I've never made it to dessert. I should probably plan a visit specifically around a sweet. But the main entrees are so good I've never made it that far!This is the place to bring - a date- a work colleague - the family- out of town guestsAnd pretty much anyone you want to impress. Dress up, dress down, this place is for everyone. This is Arcadia. You will love it here.
4	Yesterday, I took the family and visiting family to Chelsea's Kitchen.  I like the ambiance, its hip enough for the younger people in our family and relaxed enough for the older.  We wanted back patio seating but there was a wait for it and we were hungry.  Last time I was here I got the Ahi Tuna buger, which was really good.  This time I got the green chille burger, which turned out to be mediocre.  There was something missing about it.  The flavors were supposed to dance in my mouth...rather they laid there doing nothing.  Which is why the 4 stars instead of 5.  If I could do 4.5 I probably would because everybody else in our party of 6 really enjoyed their meals.  The other people in our group got:- Short rib with mashed potatoes- Mac and cheese for our daughter- Short rib tacos- Surf and Turf tacosI shall go back soon and try another dish and hopefully I can upgrade my review to 5 stars.
4	Birthday party for wife. Reservations for 12 @ 6pm...Nope 8 people at 7:30. Hope it gets better.... Beyond the reservations being messed up, and serve being a bit slow, food was good! It was restaurant week so maybe that was the downfall of service. The Roasted Prime Rib was awesome!UPDATE: I was contacted a few short hours after my review and they are truly committed to service! Based on the offer they have extended to my wife and I, we will be back. 2nd review to come........Ok, went and used the very generous offer from Chelsea's. Service was much more improved. Food was still really good. Food was never the issue, it was service. Great friendly, fast, no issues. Must have just been a fluke the last time. Will be back! Thanks Chelsea's for making this what it should have been....a great dinner to start the night!
5	Sometimes you find a place where everything just works, perfectly. Chelsea's is such a place. Relaxing and inviting atmosphere, delicious food - love the Brussels sprout salad, deviled eggs and red velvet cake - and friendly service. Patio is great for easy weekend mornings and the sea salt chocolate chip cookies on the way out are a perfect finish. Wish they'd open a Chelsea's North in Kierland or Quarter!
3	I'm so bummed out to write this review but here goes: This place has a good atmosphere. The staff is good and attentive. The food is great too, the short ribs are excellent and if you get the egg on top its heaven. BUT this was definitely the last time i go here. For over a year they have had the same horrible selection of beer. I mean - there isn't one drinkable beer on tap for me. Green Flash - are you kidding me? Id rather drink gasoline. And Duvel? Its like Stella if Stella was brewed inside a homeless person's underwear. The only time i ever remember having a good beer here was when they had Turbo Dog for about a week. That was 2 years ago. I have been going back ever since torturing myself. WHY CANT THIS PLACE GET 1 NORMAL BEER ON TAP FOR PEOPLE WHO ARENT IPA AND BITTER BEER ENTHUSIASTS?! Ill never know. Peace out Chelsea's!
5	Short rib tacosShort rib tacosShort rib tacosShort rib tacosShort rib tacosAMAZEBALLLS!
5	How have I not yet written a review for one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix?!?  Ok, I think it's because I've had one bad experience here out of about 10 but overall I love Chelsea.  I love the atmosphere of this place and how you can have a romantic dinner inside, sit at the bar area for something more casual, or sit outside and enjoy the weather with some nice lighting in the trees.  The bar is half on the inside and half on the outside so you really do have several seating options.  The service staff is consistently phenomenal (with the one exception but the manager actually did a nice job handling that situation).  One time we were outside and it started sprinkling.  As soon as I asked to switch tables, they quickly accommodated us even though there was a wait and we were still on appetizers.  Now that is service!The food- I LOVE the menu.  I always want to order everything off the menu and everything I've had has been exceptional.  The deviled eggs are my guilty pleasure along with the tartare.  I usually end up going with the short ribs for dinner but the fish is great as well.  The short ribs have always been melt in your mouth tender and I've never heard a complaint about anything amongst all the company I've brought here.  Plus, it helps that I moved out of. Phoenix, came back to visit, and saw a "goodnight Emily" drink special on the menu.  Who doesn't love to see a special named after them??  The drink was pretty darn good too, not that I'm biased or anything.  Don't believe me?  Try it for yourself!
1	We come here at least 52 times a year.  Lately things have been going down hill.  Today I ordered the Short Rib Hash because I heard it was so good.  It came out burnt to a crisp.  I mean the meat was so cooked it powdered when touched.  Burnt to a cinder comes to mind.  The last few times our food has either been overcooked or undercooked.  We are going to give the place a break for a while until they change back the managers or whatever is going on...
5	I was taken on a date here for a late dinner and the place is great! I love the ambiance, and the lighting is perfect for date night. The male servers are hot. like really hot. hahahahWe started off with the guacamole and salsa is better than I've had a most restaurants. I ordered the grilled swordfish tacos, which was labeled as "guaranteed best in town" um, that couldnt be more true. The best swordfish tacos I've ever had, and the servings were HUGE.If it wasnt a first date, I would of took a picture of my dish. but i didnt want him to know about my yelp addiction just yet.cause i mean.... i've definitely got a problem. hahahaa must try for dinner! I really want to come back for brunch on the patio though.
4	Because of my less than stellar review of Chelsea's Kitchen, the management reached out to me and offered a gift certificate to come back and try it again. So I did. We had the same fantastic service, and I must say our food was better prepared this time around. French Dip Sandwich was amazing! And a burger at our table was cooked exactly as ordered. Huge plate of deviled eggs for the kiddo and we were set.  There are definitely more items on the menu I want to try because all the food coming out of the kitchen looked so good. Thanks Chelsea's Kitchen for allowing us to give you a second chance. We'll be coming back for sure.
3	Pulling up to the resturant gave me high expectations, it was beautiful.  It didn't seem to have much parking so we had to valet, at least it was free.  We were sat promptly as my friend was already waiting there.  They do not sit you unless your entire party is  present.  It was pretty packed for a Monday night, all the inside and outside seating was filled.  I read a couple of reviews before coming here so I was ready to order.  The service seemed a bit slow as our waitress had to run around, understaffed maybe?  We ordered the sangria, Ahi tuna guac, short rib tacos, and the prime rib.  Sangria- awesome, didn't taste the alcohol at all (which could actually be dangerous)Ahi tuna guac- the guac was amazing topped off with fresh tuna, YES please!Short rib tacos-  Fork tender and full of flavor, the fresh tortillas were a plus.  One of our friends mentioned it was like a thin corn pancake.  Prime rib- I had high expectations for this as there were a few reviews raving about this.  I was disappointed.  I ordered it medium rare but some how it came out to be pretty dry yet bloody? I had to ask for au ju sauce because it had no flavor.  The mashed potatoes tasted like they were from a box.  That goes to show me to order a prime rib at a resturant that specializes in tacos.Overall things were good but I had higher expectations for a four star yelp rated resturant.  Nothing really over the top except the prices.
5	Stellar.  Food was great and service was better than expected. Thanks Roxanne for giving me a great first time experience.  I shall return.
2	Although the environment outside under a beautiful tree was ideal.... The food selection and portions were very small. Presentation, taste and service was very disappointing.  I would not suggest it!!!!
4	This is a great spot for lunch. The patio is a nice place to sit for a business lunch or even a casual chat with a friend. The ahi tuna tacos were excellent. The tacos come with all of the ingredients separate so you can put as much or as little of everything as you would like on the tacos. The only thing i didnt like was the soda in a can because I just don't like being served cans of soda at a restaurant. Especially when they charge 2.00 for the can.
3	Took out of town guests there for dinner and drinks. Service was adequate but certainly not fantastic. I thought the restaurant was loud and there were quite a few tables that were open.On to the food: 1. Appetizers: Deviled Eggs with bacon were excellent so were the nachos. My suggestion would be to layer the cheese because once you get below the toppings you are simply eating chip.2. We all shared the Brussels sprout salad and it is unique and very tasty.3. Main course: I had the prime rib, below average at best. Very dry and lacking flavor. My girlfriend had the chicken, again very dry and no flavor. The others in our group had the short rib tacos, very good, the ahi tuna with guacamole, again very good. I was disappointed with the prime rib and even mentioned it to the waitress...no manager came to the table and I certainly didn't feel it is her responsibility to apologize for the chef but I think a table call would have been nice.We will go back but I will only order what I know they make well. Nice ambiance if you are looking for a less than intimate environment.
2	Im from nyc and I live in scottsdale.I've eaten in chelsea's many times.The athmosphere is great, even the service is good, but the food is not great or consistant..great place to have a glass of wine and some burgers or natchos but the rest.just not very good.I eat at LGO EVERY DAY SOMETIMES 2X (SAME OWNERS) BUT THE FOOD AT CHELSEAS IS JUST SUB PAR.NO FLAVOR. I think they need to take some cues from their counterpart.Just my 2 cents.mark
2	I have been here before and had a great experience and awesome food. For my birthday, I thought this would be the perfect place for a dinner party. I called ahead to make a reservation and was told they only make reservations for a party of 12 or more but the assistant manager said he would make an exception since there were going to be 10 of us. When we arrived on Saturday night, we were told there was no reservation. After a 20-30 minute wait, they made room for us. Although two tables somewhat close to each other - it was impossible to talk or share a conversation over dinner. The service was just okay, nothing outstanding and my nephew never did get his drink. Food was great, which made it a little better. Overall, I was disappointed in my experience. I was really looking forward to a nice evening with my friends and family, great food and the atmosphere at Chelsea's - which just didn't happen this time.
2	Patio was beautiful on this perfect evening.  Service was great!  Food - not so much.My son got the short rib tacos and they were delish.  My Dixie chicken dinner was tasty, but defiantly needed some sauce and my broccoli was way too dry.  My husband got the roitissorie chicken dinner and the best thing on the plate was the beans. Over priced?  I think so.
5	I've been here on multiple occasions. Never disappoints.  Consistently excellent food. Great atmosphere.  Service always shines. Patio is a great spot.
5	Love this placeI'm a regular!Great food, good service & my fav part is free salted freshly baked chocolate cookies!!!Yummy!!!
4	After a long and stressful work week, I wanted to enjoy a delectable Sunday brunch with The Lady. Being fairly new to Phoenix, I had to search Yelp for brunch spots in the valley, and read rave reviews about Chelsea's Kitchen. I called to make a reservation on the patio, but unfortunately CK doesn't take them. Hmm, ok. Having worked as a valet for many years, I understand the importance of the first impression. Kudos to the valets for their engagement and sense of humor.   Much to my chagrin, a patio table was a 20 minute wait. If only CK accepted reservations...We opted to be seated right away. We weren't disappointed with our table in the least bit. It was a perfect spot to look across the entire restaurant with our backs to the morning sun shining through the windows behind us. The atmosphere is absolutely beautiful. The Lady described it as being very 'homey, intimate and quaint." The background noise was very minimal, due in large part to the openness of the restaurant and the nice table spacing, even despite the open kitchen being smack-dab at the main doors. To be honest, I did have a beautiful woman sitting next to me, so it was hard for me to focus on anything else. Our server was great. Very friendly, always smiling, and expedient. She was there when we needed her, and gone when we did not. The French press pot she left on the table added a nice upscale feel to the coffee, and the mimosas were a perfect blend.The Lady ordered the Eggs Benedict, which I was going to order, so I had to make an audible at the line of scrimmage. Chilaquiles it is. The atmosphere set the bar high for the food, but sadly the food left a little to be desired. Maybe add a little more seasoning to the chicken in the Chilaquiles. The Lady's poached eggs were actually medium boiled eggs. That poor LGO English muffin didn't get any yolk! Simmer water and crack an egg into it and you're 90% on your way to poaching an egg.All in all, a great overall experience. I am curious to taste what else CK has to offer for lunch and dinner!
4	My entree was so so, but all of the others praised their dishes.  Priced a bit high, but overall very good, great service, comfortable and easy. Definitely enjoyed and am thankful that we had a great night!
5	Food is awesome!  Fun, different, innovative...but not to the point of being weird.  Just tasty!  I would be willing to go just for the drinks, appetizers and cookies, but then I'd be missing out on the amazing entrees.  I just love everything here!  Not the place for a quiet, solemn talk or something.  But perfect for a fun evening with friends or a date.  I want to have my birthday dinner here next year! :)
5	Absolutely fantastic food and service.  Short rib tacos were great and the kale slaw was also surprisingly very good.  The portion size was perfect.  Enjoyed the experience overall!
3	Chelsea's kitchen has great customer service they sent me a message regarding my last visit/review and offered me a e-comp to return to the resturant and give it another try.  I came here with my boyfriend and our roomate + his gf.  She was visiting so we thought why not go to a fancy brunch?  We were sat promptly and I showed our waitress my e-comp.  We ordered our appetizer and sangria.  Sangria at 11am .. definately a splurge for us.  It was kind of the same as last time minus all the people.  They weren't packed this time but the service was REALLY slow, I say really slow this time because we came when it was open.. there weren't much people there.  Our server was very nice, we ordered ahi tuna guac, sangria, crab benedict, short rib hash, mac & cheese, and a burger.  Ahi guac- this was actually better last time, seemed to be too much guac and not enough tuna this time.  Still tastey none the less.Sangria- awesome like alwaysCrab benedict- It was a bit on the heavy side but I'm assuming that the dish itself, hollandaise sauce + crab + eggs + bread = too much too fast.  Maybe if the hollandaise sauce was lighter?Short rib hash- Again this was my order that turned out to be my least favorite one.  I had high expectations for this because the short rib tacos were so good last time.  However it was a dry disaster.  There were barely any potatos at the bottom and no flavor.  Am I always the unlucky one that gets the worse dish or is it that I have such high expectations? I'm not sure but everyone had a taste and they did not like it.. commenting it was too dry.  Mac & cheese-  If you were in heaven and there was mac & cheese on the menu they would be serving you Chelsea's kitchen's mac & cheese.  They had jalpenos pieces inside that gave it a little kick, AMAZING.  Burger- friend said it was like any other burger, not worth the price.  After reevaluating I would have given this place 2 stars, but the mac & cheese deserves a star of its own.  A place this beautiful makes you expect their food to be amazing.  They should really re-evaluate their head chef, whoever it is should be stepping up for a place this beautiful. All in all I again I felt like the place was nothing over the top except the prices. I am all for paying top price for a great meal but the food really isn't worth the prices. Pretty hefty tab we racked up...even with the e-comp.
5	Best short rib tacos so far!! The fried chicken is also really good for dinner. The tacos are definitely a must here. Great patio area too.
2	Used to live in Phoenix and ate here twice.  Most recently a few weeks ago.  Our food took 45 minutes to get and my wife's order was incorrect.  The person that delivered the food to her tried to insinuate that she had gotten the correct order until the waitress chimed in.  The person left with the plate and no apology.  When her short rib taco showed up the tortillas were just OK and the salad was very bland.  I had the tuna burger which was way under seasoned and over cooked.  There better places to eat with less wait.  Won't be back ever.
4	Ceviche appetizer is the bomb-Service is phenomenal and fastDel mar salad and surf and turf tacos are as good as anything you would find on the CA coast... Great place to get your grub on
5	Chelsea's is one of my favorite places to fine in the valley. The food is fantastic, the ambience is lovely, plus the outside patio with the canopied mesquite trees make you feel like you are at home. The service is great, helpful and energetic staff caters to every need. I had the chiliqueles for brunch the pork was so tender and the green chili sauces had the perfect spice. I also tasted the eggs Benedict which had crab absolutely amazing flavor. It is a must do restaurant over and over again!!!
4	Bottomless mimosas for $12! The white sangria is also really good. Its a little pricey but its quality food and a nice atmosphere. The patio area is super cute and is a great place to catch up with friends.
5	The best restraint in Phoenix. Sit outside on the patio. Great date night.If you get the nachos as an appetizer, know it's enough to fill 4 people. :)
4	My husband had what her said was the best prime rib he has ever eaten.  I had the crab cakes, which were delish!  We would have given 5 stars, however, it can be very noisy.
4	This place is awesome. Great food, great atmosphere. One suggestion for the staff though... Don't poor your pitchers of sangria out of a bucket at the bar for everyone to see. No one wants to know their $8 drink came out of a 5 gallon bucket.
1	First off we knew we were in for a wait seeing it was  a Friday night but 2 hours is a little excess. The one waitress was throwing up in the bathroom Without washing her hands. To top it off our service at the tableWas horrible.  Took 25 minutes to get an ice tea Refill. Also overheard the waitstaff talking poorly about our tableFrom the kitchen. FoodWasn't even that great--- formerBuca di Beppo employee ( 10Yrs ago)
2	Came in for Sunday brunch. Smallest Bloody Mary I've seen in my life. Seriously. Food was pretty tasty. Both the huevos rancheros and the Benedict were cooked well but not seasoned adequately. Odd manager walking through the dining room caused some raised eyebrows. Service was just ok. Not the best experience for the hype there's a lot of better brunch spots in the area.
5	This is my new favorite spot in Phx! Service was great, prices are great and the quality of the food was amazing. 5 stars for me!
5	This place is amazing! The only down side is that in the vast land, they are extremely limited in parking! They do complimentary valet, but it just seems unnecessary.The entrance seems quiet with a small water pond and serene statue. Once you cross the threshold into the restaurant there is a festive hustle and bustle in the restaurant that makes you want to partake.The decor is welcoming and warm with an open concept. Plenty of windows and open patio draws you in. We opted to sit on the patio for our Sunday brunch at 10:30 am with beautiful weather. We were quickly seated and once outside, greeted with a heated patio, blazing fireplace and a million singing parakeets. If you don't like birds, this isn't for you. Service is exemplary. Food is amazing. Coffee is fantastic. We ordered:Crab Cake Benedict - Great portion and abundant crab. Most places skimp, but not CKs.Mac N Cheese - Baked in a Le Creuset dish, it's amazingKale Salad - Fresh, light, and feels just right.Chilequidas - Meh. Nothing to rave or brag about, if I came back, I would try something else.Coffee - French pressDiet Coke - Canned. All in all it was a great way to say farewell to Phoenix and simply the best meal of the trip. I'm glad we found CK. I'd recommend it to anyone dining in the Phoenix area. Good food. Great ambiance. Fabulous service. There isn't a reason not to dine here.
4	Very good food and very fun atmosphere. I love the patio especially! Always a great ambiance. I have been here a few times, and I have never disliked anything I had!
5	The food was good but what was amazing was their customer service. A waitress spilt wine, thank god it was white, on my sister who had a cute outfit on and not only was she apologetic and helpful, so were the other waiters and waitresses. The manager rushed over and handed us a 20 dollar bill for dry cleaning and a $25 gift card for the restaurant, I heard the bar staff asking our bartender to get us our drinks immediately which were comped. Way to make us happy after a sour accident!
5	All I can say is WOW!  It's been a number of years since I visited this place, so I thought we would give it a retry on a Sunday at 11:00AM.  Bottom Line:  This is the best burger in Arizona.  It's so difficult to find a restaurant that will cook a perfect to perfection at RARE or MEDIUM RARE and this place will do it.  I opted for the HOWIE burger.  She had the huevos rancheros.  We ordered the guacamole tar tare (ask for their salsa) and everything was perfect.  We promised a shout out to our waitress Emilie and to Steve.  Both were fantastic and worth asking for.    Don't even thing about not going.  They have one at the airport too (terminal 4, outside of security), and we plan on eating there too.If we had one complaint?  It's small, but when you order a diet coke, they give you A CAN of diet coke?  WTF??
5	This restaurant is absolutely one of my favorites!! I have loved every item I have ever ordered off the menu! The drinks are delicious! A perfect place to celebrate an event with close friends and family. Plus, you get a chocolate chip cookie with sea salt sprinkled on top on your way out! Yum!
5	Nice little quiet patio located just off of Camelback. Nice little fireplace on the patio.  Food was good and the portions generous.  Mostly a preppy type of clientel. One thing lacking was a wide variety of craft beer, choices were very limited and nothing was local.
2	no that great just pricey
5	Perfect experience...wait shorter than they predicted, exemplary service and the food was great. I had the rib eye steak which was outstanding. Prices are fair.
4	Two words: deviled eggs.No joke, these deviled eggs are LEGIT - I have to get them every time I come here.  My other staples are the del mar or brussel sprout salad, but everything here is delicious.  I also have a sweet spot for their patio - such a pretty place to have a great meal.  And don't you dare forget to grab a (free) salted chocolate chip cookie (or 2) on your way out.  The only reason I'm not giving Chelsea's that fifth star is because of an incredibly rude server I spoke with today.  I called to make a reservation for my best friend CHELSEA's birthday this week and was told they only can book for 12+.  I asked if they could make an exception for 8 people and she said 8 isn't 12, sorry.   I wish she would have been a littler nicer - kindness goes along way, especially in the service industry.  Will still be going back because this is one of my favorite places in Phoenix, but beware of their policy and the varied customer service.
5	I was here last Friday night (1/3/14). My mom and I were visiting from out of town and we chose this place based on yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. We arrived around 6:30 and only waited about 20 min for a table. We sat at the bar and ordered their delicious white sangria. Once we got to our table our waitress gave us great info on the menu to help guide our ordering process.  I ordered the Howie burger which was sweet and delicious.  My mom ordered the pan fried chicken which was moist yet crispy. It took about 30 minutes for us to get our food after we ordered.  We didn't even notice the amount of time that had passed until the waitress apologized for the wait.  We were absolutely shocked when the manager payed for our bill. It was such a kind gesture and we were very satisfied with our service and food.  If I am ever in Phoenix again I would make a point to return!
5	Wonderful!  Every bite delicious. My husband had the Howie Burger which was an all time favorite and had the kale-quinoa salad with chicken and it was amazing!  Beautiful setting comfortable and cozy.  We will plan our cross country trips around a meal there.  Don't forget the deviled eggs. :-)
5	I have never had a bad experience here. Everything from food to service is excellent. This is the destination spot for a nice date night out and I can say that I would chose this place over any other any night of the week. The food is phenomenal, we've tried several different items and I can honestly say that my mouth still waters at the thought of the nachos. The service is perfect for the two of us having a night out. It's just enough to be friendly and attentive but distant enough for us to feel comfortable and have a nice time. I'm convinced that it can do no wrong. I wish I could remember our servers name and if I could I would love to give her credit for making our experience so great. I love this place.
4	If you can do a late lunch/early dinner, you will leave MUCH happier.  Service has always been great for me.  Parking can be tight.  Lines can be long. Short Rib Tacos.  Did i mention the Short rib Tacos?  period.  Huge plate and so so good.  Howie Burger is solid.  Nachos are solid.  If you can sit out on the patio, get that.  I haven't had the breakfast, but i've had lunch /dinner 5+ times.
4	They made me believe Kale could be served as a salad. They have the perfect ending to the meal, with a chocolate cookie sprinkled with salt - sweet and salty to end the meal. They have valet parking, because it is a busy place.Here are some things to try:The burgers: made with fresh ground beef, you can feel safe in ordering a medium-rare burger (as they are meant to be cooked). They have versions of this depending on your taste, or your sense of adventure. The tacos: wife likes fish, I like short ribs. Wife likes lettuce wraps, I like the tortillas.Brunch on Sunday: amazing eggs, and brunch dishes - and if you like mimosa - well, they seem to not run out of those.HAVE THE SUNDAY: really - it is made the proper way, you won't be sorry because you ate the kale salad - its all about balance.
5	I really enjoy this place! Food is great- this is a good date spot!
5	Oh my goodness fabulous!!! Lunchtime visit with my gal pal and we had a wonderful time. Service was attentive, and the food was delectable. I had the Brussels Sprouts Salad and Cauliflower/Garlic Soup. The salad was fresh and green with tiny bacon bits throughout. The soup was vegan and pureed to a very creamy consistency. Great flavors. My friend had the swordfish tacos and that piece of fish was grilled to perfection. Lovely ambience sitting outside by the fire mid-week and not too terribly crowded. The little cookie on the way out the door really hit the spot too. Thanks Chelsea's Kitchen - I will be back!!
5	We dined at Chelsea's Kitchen with friends and everyone had a very good time.  We had the deviled eggs, which were amazing, the shrimp cerviche which was one of the better I have had at a restaurant and then also the tuna tartare with avacado which was the appetizer winner.  For dinner I had the  Howie burger which was made perfectly and also shared the Brussels sprout salad with my wife.  I was able to get a taste of the baked mac and cheese from a friend and was the best thing I ate all night and rivals the best m&c ever tasted by this palate.  The wait staff was excellent and  the manager was amazing!
5	This is one of my very favorite places, for a special night or just any night.  Disclaimer:  There is often a wait, and the parking lot is small, so you might be stuck using the free valet - but it's totally worth it!  Beautifully cozy inside - big booths and tables, soft lighting, open floorplan.  Gorgeous patio outside, with big trees covered in little white lights.  Very romantic, but also fun for a group and a great, crowded bar for girls night.  The service has been pleasant every single time - no mean feat for so many visits.I love this food!  The tuna tartare, served over guacamole, is amazing - I used to drive 25 minutes each way just to get this to go.  I highly recommend the ground ahi burger (so delicious!), the fish tacos, the fried chicken ("amazing!!" from multiple friends), the veggie tacos, the veggie burger...I'll stop before I've listed every item on the menu, but really, you can't go wrong.  The baked mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes are also to die for.  And don't even get me started on the desserts - keylime pie, red velvet cake, the list goes on.Over the last ten years, I've probably been here with almost everyone I know.  It's a big favorite with visitors from the East Coast, and even my picky eaters can find something to love (Grandma requested plan chicken and mashed potatoes and had only nice things to say).
3	Food is excellent albeit a bit pricey.But the noise level is Outrageous--We could not converse at all.Will not return during lunch or dinner hour unless some acoustical treatment is installed.
5	Delicious swordfish tacos and magical patio area.  Love riding bikes here and especially love the complimentary chocolate chip and sea salt cookies!  Another Arcadia gem.
5	Went with the recommendations to go for late lunch and avoided any wait (sat indoors). Thanks for the tip Yelpers!Had the market salad and I loved that the dressing was at the *bottom* of the lettuce and not drenched on top. Very fresh. French press coffee brewed at my table was a nice touch (for those wondering - coffee goes well with any meal in my book).Kids menu was a little deceptive - it lists just the entree and side but it also comes with fresh cut fruit and portions are perfect. Wait staff was soooooo nice. Ambiance was inviting. They definitely know how to maintain their stellar reputation :)
3	This place is good, but it's not good enough to make me recommend it over the other better restaurants out there.  When a restaurant has prices for food like they do, I expect to enjoy everything I eat.  Unfortunately, that's not the case here.  Their food and sides are hit and miss and I don't feel like I'm getting the value of what I'm paying for. For example, I ordered the beef tacos.  The beef was great and prepared nicely with a tasty marinade.  However, the guacamole side was bland and the kale slaw just did not taste good to me (and I usually love kale, the kale salad from True Food is one of my favorite salads!)Plus the wait on the weekends is kind of ridiculous.  I'm glad they are popular and more power to those who love this place, but it's not my preferred dining destination.
4	I met up with my friend from college in Phoenix and she took me to Chelsea's Kitchen.  We got right in even though the restaurant was relatively crowded.  We ordered salads to start and they were really big portions.  The salads were nice though, not heavily dressed and had a nice balance of lettuce and other things in the salad.  I had the halibut special with vegetables.  It was really nice.  I thought the halibut was flaky and nicely cooked.  The flavors were also well done, nothing too intense, soft subtle flavors but helped bring out the veggies and the white flaky fish.  It was really yummy.  My friend had the Tuna Tacos and wow were they awesome!  The guacamole and the rare tuna were awesome - I had a few bites.  Great place!  Great friends, couldn't ask for much more!
5	My mom points to this random restaurant as I'm driving and says "I've always wanted to take you there" I replied "really why" she said quickly "I took your brother and he really liked the baked MAC and cheese" as I'm pulling a U-turn I say "you can't take my brothers to something you're suppose to take me to first-momcode" Of course I had to try the baked MAC and cheese but we also got the cheviche appetizer and two Shirley temples. The baked MAC and cheese was delicious and had the perfect texture to it. It's rather greasy but that to me shows they're using top notch cheese! Coming from a gal with Wisconsin blood (thanks to my pops and dad) I can appreciate a good cheese! The cheviche was perfect I had to try it as it had fresh avocado-which I'm a sucker for! The chips were cooked JUST right I even used them for my MAC and cheese. Now the famous Shirley temple yes that drink you got when you were younger to "appear" as if you had a mixed drink. Well I'm well over drinking age but a Shirley temple. Sounded refreshing and delicious and the waitress caught my smile when she brought me an old school glass sprite bottle. It was an enjoyable meal my mom appreciated that I wanted to try it and liked it. To her I say "I'll pay the tab as long as you keep this our mother DAUGHTER restaurant "
5	I went to Arizona over the winter holiday and I tried over a dozen restaurants that were highly rated by Yelpers.  Chelsea's Kitchen was by far my favorite of the entire trip.Service is top notice.  The foods were extremely delicious.  The culinary staff knows what they are doing.If you are ever in the Phoenix area on a nice day, stop by for brunch and request outdoor seating.  There are a bunch of birds in the trees that sing to you while you enjoy your excellent food.Don't forget to grab a complimentary cookie on the way out.
5	Oh Chelsea, I think I'm in love. From the impeccable service to the divine food, what a great place to have Sunday brunch! It started off with the complimentary sea-salt chocolate chip cookie, and continued with the fresh french press coffee and Chelsea's eggs benedict. They pressed the coffee right on the table, and the aroma of grounds made the visit that much more memorable. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria to share, and would highly recommend it. Hey, it's 5oclock somewhere. To top it off, our server took the extra time to split our checks individually. Our waters were always full and she came out of nowhere with ninja-like speed to refill our sangrias as well. The restaurant offers great patio seating, and plays relaxing music to accompany you on your meal. I felt like I was transported to a tropical paradise....
5	Love everything about this place! Very clean and courteous staff combined with the world's greatest baked mac and cheese made for an amazing evening!
5	It's hard giving someone a 5 star review becuase there is always something they can improve on... So, my only complaint is that you cannot call ahead and order food to go. Sooo annoying. You have to actually valet your car, sit at the bar, order and wait...by yourself, and chances are you will order a drink becuase you look weird if you don't. Probably bc the place is so packed that they don't want to be just a food joint... they want you to drink. They weed out the cheaper customers and get the more bang for their buck customers this way. This place gets 5 stars for the patio, the staff, the bbq seasoned french fries, the burgers, the tacos, pretty much any dish... yummy, yummy, yummy. It's tasty American food with a rustic/modern ambiance. It's great for a date the fire places, twinkle lights, and the comfy seating make it a warm place to enjoy a good dinner with your family and friends.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday, don't know why I haven't checked it out sooner! They do have complimentary valet (with a break between the lunch and dinner shifts). They also have an amazing patio. The best part of living in Phoenix is right now, in February, we can sit outside on the patio and enjoy a drink while the rest of the country weeps into their Uggs and Northface's. We got there around 2, a bit too early for happy hour (3-6 FYI), but ended up going with a pitcher of their white sangria. Now, usually I am a red sangria type of gal but this stuff was tasty! My girlfriend and I polished it off nicely. We also split the Nachitos. Oh god, these were soo good and perfect to soak up the sangria before having to drive home. Full of cheese, chicken, guacamole, and pico de gallo, these nachos were massive. I felt like we kept eating and the plate never ended. Eventually, we begged our waitress to take it away. I'm excited to go again and try more (I'm looking at you short-rib tacos & brunch menu!)
4	Rolled in around noonish on a Sunday. Were seated immediately inside. Had to wipe crumbs off the table and chair.Coffee was delicious but only got one cup each with the French press split between 2 people. My coffee cup was so chipped at the top I could hardly find a safe place to sip at.Deviled eggs were delicious and would highly recommend. But, only 3 halfs for 2 people? One whole egg each going to break the bank? What do they do with that left over half? Short rib tacos were good. Not amazing but tasty. Plentiful portions. Good guac and pico. The little dipping salsa/sauce was great. Waitress never checked in once after we got our food. Sure, I was in basketball shorts and a hoodie but how about some service.Not a bad little joint to grab some brunch. I wouldn't make a drive for it but if I'm around I'd hit it.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars for the incredible food and service. The food was great; I got the Brussels sprout salad. So yummy. And definitely do not skip desert. The red velvet cake is to die for. I still dream about it. Love this place.
5	What a great Sunday brunch spot. Right away we knew we wanted to sit outside on the patio. We put our name into the hostess and she told us it was 45 minutes for first available. Sat down outside and got a Bloody Mary and sangria at the bar. The time didn't go by too slow and before we knew it we got a text letting us know the table was ready. To start we had the chips and guac. FIRE stuff right there. We also asked for lemons with our waters 3 different times and they never came. Food was great and came out the kitchen quickly. Had the eggs Benedict and hotcakes. WOW. Delicious.
2	I went to Chelsea's Kitchen about a month ago to see what all the hype was about.  I have to say  I was extremely disappointed in every aspect of the restaurant.  The food was subpar and especially for how expensive it was.  They do give generous portions, but overall the menu options are not one of restaurant with a 4 star rating and their kind of reputation as being an Arcadia "staple".  I had the cheeseburger and my girlfriend had the fried chicken which according to our server was the best option.  It was a standard burger and my girlfriend said the chicken was dry and not worth the amount.  The waitstaff was good and the service was exceptional, but the food falls short.  I'm glad I went, but won't be coming back.
5	This is, by far, my favorite Phoenix restaurant. I love all aspects of the menu. I typically start with the guacamole or Brussels sprout salad, followed by the prime rib or surf and turf tacos, accompanied by the white sangria, and I love to grab a complimentary salted chocolate chip cookie on the way out. In addition, the servers are always outstanding, attentive but absent and friendly, without overwhelming. You will wait about 35-45 minutes for a prime time on a weekend evening, but in my opinion, it's absolutely worth it. You are also limited to valet only on busy nights but it's free with the exception of a tip. I only have two hesitations, the first being that the host staff are just okay. Usually, I find that the hostesses are artificially upbeat and slightly condescending, but not specifically rude. The second being that they don't take reservations, with the exception of large parties. That being said, those issues are minor and I will be returning often!
5	Quite a busy place on a Saturday night!  We waited 45 minutes to get a table and it was so worth it!  The hostess and the waitress were both excellent and so accommodating.Short Ribs - apparently this is what the place is known for, I keep reading about the tacos, I gotta try them next time.  They are so tender and flavorful.Prime Rib - excellently cooked to tender juicy beefy perfection.Gelato was excellent, creamy and great flavor.Hmm for a place I enjoyed most out of my food tour of Phoenix area, I don't have a lot to say for some reason, but this place is worth it, I guess I have no words to describe it.  The ambiance made the entire night just perfect!
4	We have used Yelp to find fun, unique & yummy places to eat our way thru Phoenix during our Spring Training  trip and this place did not disappoint! The service was wonderful, the deviled eggs are delicious and my French Dip with seasoned fries hit the spot!
5	Had a great lunch At Chelsea's kitchen.Little bit of wait for patio but worth itLove the deviled eggs and the tuna burger is awesome.The outside patio has just the right amount of shade for this desert dweller.They have to have the best Arnold Palmer in the valley.Staff very friendly and attentive  The vibe of the place is great
4	Delicious burgers. Definitely order medium rare. We ordered coffee from the coffee press and that was great as well. Good service and nice ambiance.
5	Great food, good service. Very popular but worth the wait!
5	I've now been here twice, I know that's not a lot, but both times I've been more than satisfied when leaving. We will return as much as possible!I wrote a review a year ago stating their french dip was the best I've had in Arizona, and that still holds true. Their fries, also, are seriously incredible.NOW I can say they have the best swordfish tacos I've ever had ANYWHERE! They also have amazing guacamole, and I HATE AVOCADOS. I can't even tell you how much I despise that green, weird tasting vegetable. But, at Chelsea's Kitchen? I almost ate the entire bowl myself. I also ate their pico de gallo, and my major dislike for tomatoes is much higher than it is with avocado. Chelsea's had me eating foods I never thought I would, ever. My husband ordered their Dixie Pan-Fried Chicken, and he loved that. I tried a bite and thought it was perfect! He said "it's almost as good as my grandma's, and that's saying a lot!" It was very busy, and being a Saturday night I wasn't surprised, but the service was still very friendly and quick! I just love this place, it's so delicious and I'm excited to try more and more!
5	Was just cruising yelp and I came across this restaurant.  It's on a whole new level of yum! Can't wait.
5	My family and I have been coming here for years and we just adore this place! The service is always excellent and the food is spot on, every time. Brunch on Sunday's is a great way to start the day!DRINK:White Sangria, Lucy's spiked lemonade or my favorite, the St. Bernardus ABT 12 dark beer.APPETIZER:Either the Deviled Eggs or the Chicken NachitosENTREE:Chelsea's Cheeseburger or the Chicken Taco plate (I order the blackened chicken option, at an additional cost) will blow your mind! DESSERT:Red Velvet Cake (TO DIE FOR!)Oh, and bonus-- If you decide not to get dessert, the FREE cookie on your way out the door, will totally get you hooked!
4	The food and atmosphere at both their main and airport locations are always great...lunch and dinner especially.  Of course the cookies at exit are something we always look forward to ending our meals with.  Panic ensues if they ever look like they are going out of them!!!  My complaint (and I will be in the minority here according to reviews), is Chelsea Kitchen's coffee.  The presentation is great with the French press, but the coffee is always weak and we find the flavor not good at all (this is over the past few years we have been going).  Sadly, this is a deterrent for us when we think of breakfast or brunch places because of our consistently bad experience with their coffee.  So many other great places in town that serve amazing coffee. : (
4	Went there with a group of six Friday night. We had the white sangria by the pitcher and it was delicious. We had guacamole and ceviche for appetizers and I loved the guacamole. I had the steak tacos and everything was flavorful. The homemade tortillas were great and it went well with guacamole, rice, beans and red sauce. My only compliant is that my steak was really fatty. I couldn't eat at least 1/4 of it. I didn't upgrade to the filet but expected more. I would probably give it a 3.5 because of it but everyone else's food was awesome. One person had ahi tuna tacos, one had short ribs tacos, two people had the veggie burger and one had the posole. The outdoor patio was enchanting and the service was great. I'd give it another chance down the road.
4	The food was very good but a little overpriced for what you get. The wait staff was very attentive and polite. The only thing is when I arrived there were plenty of takes but they wouldn't seat me until my entire party arrived. I understand that if they are busy but if they are empty they should not make you wait to be seated.
5	My 3rd time here and they have never failed me!!! Love this place. If you're a mac and cheese fan definitely try the baked mac and cheese!!
4	Short Version: 5/5 on service and 4/5 on food. Great consistent service and food. Get the Surf and Turf Tacos or the Salmon or The Fish of The Day. Best Arnold Palmer I've ever had! BRING BACK THE LOBSTER SLIDERS!!! Long Version: I come here a couple times a week at least because it's very close to where I work. It can get spendy coming here so frequently, but you know exactly what you're getting and the type of service you'll receive. This restaurant seems to have their process locked down. There can be a wait some times during peak hours, so try coming 30 minutes before or after 12. I typically get 1 of 3 things which are all great: Salmon, Fish of the Day or The Surf and Turf Tacos. The salmon is baked perfectly so it's not too dry and not undercooked. It comes on a bed of the vegetables of the moment so it changes a bit from week to week. Their Fish of the Day obviously changes, but I've never had a bad one. Yesterday I had the Striped Sea Bass and it was awesome. It was fried so the skin was perfectly crisp, but the fish meat was moist and juicy. It came on top of artichoke hearts, which were also perfectly tender. The Surf and Turf Tacos come with tortillas, a side of Kale Salad, Filet Mignon and Seasoned Shrimp. Pretty self explanatory, but part of what makes this one so tasty is the chipotle sauce that comes with your tacos. You make your own tacos so I'm usually liberal with the chipotle sauce. I never end up with enough tortillas though so I always have to ask for more. The tortillas are on the thicker side, but very soft.Last but not least, my absolute favorite thing at Chelsea's Kitchen that would've given them a full 5 out of 5 stars but they got rid of it, THE LOBSTER SLIDERS. It was a perfectly crisp lightly battered (perfect, not heavy at all) fried lobster with bacon inside two soft slider buns. Everyone at our office was pretty upset that they got rid of this. Total bummer.The Arnold Palmer is so perfect. Fresh made lemonade and they do a funky thing with egg whites to create a fun foam in it. You don't taste any eggs in it, don't worry. Get it!
5	Great valet, great friendly employees.Very sunny, happy place to have lunch. Even on a week day it was busy. The staff was very attentive and made the trip very quick and easy.Great food. Great chips and guacamole, and swordfish tacos!
4	First thing you should know- THE PARKING. Luckily I got there early enough before all the waiting for tables and being forced to use the valet parking. There's a handful of parking spots you can park in yourself if you're lucky.  I personally just am not a fan of valet parking. All the dudes running around frantically and adjusting my seat...Just nice, but no thanks.I came for brunch on a Sunday around 11 am and it wasn't terribly busy, but by the time I left the crowd waiting outside for a table was quite large. Sat on the patio, it's gorgeous...but the nature. There was this bird that kept swooping down and trying to eat food off the floor from the baby at the table next to mine and it was literally terrifying. But the foooooood. My friend and I shared a large order of deviled eggs- UGH. Delicious. They're texturally interesting with a little crunch from pickle or something and bacon on top. Really. Just do it.I got the short rib hash which was a huge plate of crispy bits of tender short rib, potatoes, carrots, over easy eggs and an english muffin. It was great. But it needed a little more spice in my mind. Something spicy to bring it to the next level.My friend had eggs benedict and you can't really go wrong with that.Overall, we paid about $50 for brunch for two on a Sunday. A little pricey but the food and atmosphere was nice. Just not the best price point for breakfast for two college kids.
5	When I visit Phoneix for the week I stop here at least once (try to get here twice).  This might be my favorite place to eat of all time.  Chelsea's is busy, but I've never had to wait more than 30-35 minutes.My go to items:We order the Sangria.  It is unbelievable.  I rarely drink, but it is a must have.  The Short Rib Taco's.  The Short rib's are excellent, so flavorful.  The corn tortillas are served warm and soft.  The only thing I put on my short rib taco's is the guacamole because it is amazing.  I generally sub out the kale for their mash potatoes.  I recommend this place to everyone and no one has ever had a bad meal.  In fact, when people travel their they generally send me a pic of their meal to make me jealous.  I always am.Don't forget to grab a chocolate chip cookie topped with Sea salt on the way out the door.  Although, sometimes you have to dust off some of the sea salt.  Great service, always friendly staff and the patio can't be beat when I travel from MN.
3	Chelsea's Kitchen was kind enough to give us voucher to come back and experience the restaurant again on them.  We appreciate the effort that was put forward to make things right by having us come back.  5 stars to the staff of Chelsea's Kitchen.  We had to present our voucher to the waitress upon ordering.   In doing so, we felt as if  her mood changed immediately when she saw the voucher.  Maybe it was just our thinking, but we did not receive as good of service as the first time.  She did not box our food or even crack a smile to be honest.  I have to stick with my first review about the food.  I had the steak and my girlfriend had the ahi burger.  She said she liked it more than what she ordered the first time.  I did like my steak, but again the food wasn't hot when it got to our table.  Overall, the food is at best mediocre.  But, I will give the staff and the overall ambience of the restaurant 5 stars.
5	I went to Chelsea's Kitchen for my birthday dinner, and it was amazing.  It was a Wednesday night, and the place was PACKED .  I was surprised because it was mid week, but I thought it must be a great place.  It is a very warm and inviting place, with a beautiful dining room and patio area.  We sat inside.  The service was great, and the food was delicious. We ordered: Chicken Nachitos, The Howie Burger, The Short Rib Taco Platter, Chelsea Burger, and the Ahi Tuna Burger.The beef is ground in house, and cooked medium rare- which was perfect.  The Nachitos were very good as an appetizer.  The Short Rib Taco Platter was delicious, and the server brought out additional warm tortillas as we were eating the tacos. Overall, it is an outstanding restaurant, and I can't wait to go back! They also let me bring a cake for my birthday which was nice! Don't forget to grab a salted chocolate chip cookie on the way out!
4	Great wood fire grilled steak and fish dishes. Request the courtyard for a beautiful evening out with attentive service and a good wine list. The airport location was also a winning experience with a terrific burger and the best chicken sandwich ever made by man - the apple gives a hint of healthy-ness that offsets the guilt of the delicious deep fried coating.
5	This is my favorite restaurant!  Great service, good atmosphere and fantastic food!!!
5	Consistently delicious.  They have a great weekend brunch/mimosas at a reasonable price.  Their short rib tacos are one of my favorite restaurant items in Phoenix.  Keep it up.
5	Believe the hype about Chelsea's Kitchen. When in Phoenix, this is the only restaurant that we MUST go to. There are only two negatives I can think of...the parking situation and the lack of reservations.In the summer we'll eat inside but the patio is a must when the weather is nice. You have to get the tuna tartare & guacamole. It's one of the best appetizers you'll eat. I always get the short rib taco platter and leave with a doggie bag every time. They'll even give you extra house-made tortillas for your left overs! I've also had the brussels sprout salad, the kale and quinoa salad, the green chili burger and the ahi tuna taco platter. You really can't go wrong.On the way out, don't forget to grab a freshly baked sea salt cookie!
3	The surrounding and environment are pretty nice. Came here wanting to try the crab cake benedict but the waitress told me they only serve it on Saturday and Sundays for brunch. She gave me a few recommendations off the menu so I ordered the short ribs. The ribs were very tender but no flavoring, like they only braised it...nasty!! I also hated the veggie they used... I told the waitress and she offered to get me something else so I ordered the short ribs tacos that so many Yelp users were hyped up about. The tacos were okay, but nothing special... paid $20 for the tacos and $2.50 for the soda. Overall, friendly staff and decent environment but better chefs are needed especially at these prices...
5	Everything about this place is awesome.  From the complimentary valet service, delicious food and drinks, great service, warm atmosphere, all topped off with a cookie on your way out the door... Chelsea's Kitchen offers top-notch quality across the board. While dinner is nothing short of a fantastic experience, I personally love coming here for brunch. Things don't get much sweeter than when I'm sitting on their gorgeous patio with a  mimosa in hand...  and Classic French Omelet on the way.Love Chelsea's Kitchen, a definite Phoenix staple.
4	Delicious New American food, friendly staff, and great outdoor seating.  Nice atmosphere, would be a good spot for a date.  Prices are moderate, and the beer/wine selection is solid.  Full bar.
5	This place is a Phoenix staple and every dish is amazing. The brussel sprout salad, short rib tacos, and prime rib are my favorites. Don't forget to grab a delicious cookie on your way out! I'm a big fan of weekend brunch too.
1	Beyond worst service I've ever encountered in a restaurant In my life :-(. Unbelievable!!! My friends mom paid for about $80 of the tab in cash and they still ended up charging for those items in the final bill. The manager continued to argue with us and would not take responsibility for the restaurant's error and lack of respect. It took the server about 20-30 to check on us each time for water/wine. I will never ever go back there again and I will make sure to discourage other people I know to go there. It was my friend's bday and they made it into a stressful experience. I've never experienced such a lack of customer service and respect in a restaurant.
5	Chelsea's Kitchen is one of the best restaurants in the greater Phoenix area. And there's some pretty stiff competition.Amazing outdoor patio is great six months out of the year. Free valet is nice, but absolutely essential when it gets busy, which is most of the time unless you stroll in at 3 in the afternoon. Every server we've ever had has been pleasant and professional, and most of them are truly warm and friendly people.Food is incredible. Super fresh ingredients. Have never had anything on the menu that wasn't spectacular. Must try the short ribs, chilaquiles (brunch), and prime rib. The chicken nachos are amazing. Get an order of those to share and a pitcher of white wine sangria, and let the good times roll.My wife and I were regulars at Chelsea's for years before moving to the San Francisco Bay Area. As amazing as the restaurants are down here, I still wish that Chelsea's would open a location out here. It's one of the things we miss most about living in the Valley.
2	40 minutes, 125 dollars later. Pathetic. I love to eat out. I am a total foodie and because of that, I've eaten at a lot of places in the valley. Good, bad, everywhere in between. I came here with my mom for Mother's Day dinner. Seemed odd that I had never been. Highly rated on yelp, great patio, and I love LGO so this seemed like a perfect choice. Boy was I wrong. We felt rushed the entire time. From the minute we sat down at our table with the waitress repeatedly asking if we were ready, until the moment we paid our check took 40 minutes. How is that even possible? Forty minutes for three courses on Mother's Day. It's not like I wanted to spend time with my mom or anything. Our appetizer came out with our soup and our entrees. For entrees priced at over twenty dollars I would rather not be rushed through my meal. I felt like I was at Applebee's. The food was mediocre, especially for the price. We got a variety of things off the menu including the short rib tacos and pan fried chicken. Both lacked seasoning and I felt like I could have made them at home. Great ambience especially on a nice day, but if I'm going to pay 20+ an entree I expect better service (or any service at all) and better food. Highly disappointed. The only reason this place got two stars instead of one was the free chocolate chip cookies at the front on your way out.
5	Love this place.  One of my favorite restaurants in all of Phoenix.  Prime Rib is the best I've ever had.  Love the cookies on the way out too.  Gotta go
5	Possibly the best dinner spot in Phoenix! Great environment, great staff, EXCELLENT food. I've been a couple times now, and both experiences have been perfect. The first time I got the Howie Burger. Arguably the best burger I've ever had. The grass-fed beef melts in your mouth. Get Medium Rare or Rare!!! This most recent time we sat outside in the back...great set up, too! I got the Steak tacos this time, also unbelievable. All the drinks are great (and stiff), except for the Spiked Lemonade( a little too much pulp). Date night, family in town, special occasion, excuse to eat well- it doesn't matter. This place is perfect for everything!
2	Just like other yelpers, I too search for the best rated places to dine-in and enjoy a fun, new, and cool meal. Yet, at times, this type of approach can also come with a huge downside. We (7) members, were in AZ for a graduation party, so we decided to dine-in for breakfast/lunch type of restaurant. I saw this place and its reviews so I had to bring the entire family to it. Wow huge disappointment. The services was horrible, slow, and inconsistent. The food was so expensive and small portions. No fried food at all, I was like OMG r u kidding me? the waitress said "No i am not" this is a Gourmet type of restaurant. I was like to myself "this has to be some-sort of a nightmare" it was too late to relocate or try other places. So we decided to order our food. Honestly, every entire we ordered was over priced and small. For a total of 4 adults and 3 kids, our total of was $179 dollars. I gave them a tip so it came up to $200. But, thank God this place is not anywhere near my city (San Diego CA).
5	My parents just got a condo in Scottsdale, and they took me to Chelsea's Kitchen. It was a Saturday night so we were told it would be an hour wait! We went to the back patio and ordered nachos, amazing! We decided to sit outside, such a good choice. I ordered the beef taco platter, unbelievable. I also had 2 margaritas that honestly were among the best I have ever had. I snuck a bite of the fried chicken my Dad had ordered and really enjoyed it.Do yourself a favor and eat here!
5	Went to Chelsea's Kitchen for a special Mother's Day late lunch/early dinner on the Saturday before because we knew everywhere would be packed on Mother's Day. We sat in the beautiful Patio and our server was Christina M. Wonderful service and we ordered the deviled eggs (delicious) and short rib tacos (good, too). The margarita's were very good but the best part was the relaxing atmosphere and very good service. The food came quickly and it was a wonderful day. Can't wait to go back again.
5	My husband and I have always enjoyed going to Chelsea's kitchen... Their food is always amazing and consistent. When we found out our 16 month old son had severe food allergies we were worried about taking him out to eat.  Last month, we went to Chelsea's kitchen and mentioned our sons allergies to our waitress to see of there was possibly anything he could eat.  Although, I always carry back-up, it's nice a change for him to be able to eat out with his mom and dad.  Within a few minutes, Chef Paul came out to introduce himself.  He wanted to double check about our sons allergies as he doesn't want things to get lost in translation.  He went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable along with making our son a delicious meal.We went back again today, and once again Chef Paul went above and beyond.  Not only did he come out again, but he remembered us and our son and made us feel just as comfortable as he did the first time.Chef Paul should go around and teach other chefs to be as professional and thorough as he is.  We can't say enough about him ... He is beyond phenomenal!
5	As good as they say.Went tonight for Arizona Restaurant Week for the awesome $30 specials.  I ordered the pasole appetizer, short rib main course, and the peanut butter chocolate chunk gelato for desert. All three were amazing and the portion sizes were great. The price fixe made it a good deal, otherwise I would have probably stuck with just the ribs.Awesome service on the patio, much quieter than inside, and our waitress was perfectly attentive.Next trip will be to try brunch, looking forward to another great meal.
5	Wow is all I can really say. Admittedly this place is a little out of my price range but the food quality and flavors did not disappoint. The attention to detail from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you take your last bite - blew this foodie away. I had the Kale and quinoa salad to start. So many taste bud pleasers in one dish; from the sweetness of the grapes to the salty parmesan cheese to the earthy Kale to vibrant lemon vinaigrette. Then I had the short ribs for my main dish. omg! So tender and perfectly cooked. No knife needed to cut into these delicious little pieces of meat heaven. They are nestled on top of mashed potatoes that would make grandma cry- they're so good and creamy. Then I finished with a scoop of one of their seasonal gelato - peanut butter chunk. Whew! So delicious. ** notes I love the simplicity of the decor but the attention to all the little details.
5	Had my first eggs benedict here  (w/ the spinach and crab cakes ). Amazing and very large meal. Thoroughly enjoyed. Highly recommended this spot for Foodies.
4	Went here for a work dinner after a recommendation from a past local. The outside patio and ambience was great. It was a perfect blend of misters, lights and good weather! The only complaint is that the seats were a bit uncomfortable but the environment was great, trendy, yet easy- going.Our waitress Emily was so accommodating, there was a request for a burger, sub chicken, this was not on the menu but she did ask the chef and was able to make the special order and I was told the chicken burger was a 10! The fries- seriously a 10 star plate of fries! The seasoning was salty and sweet, the waitress said t was a mix of brown sugar, paprika, garlic salt, pepper, SO SO GOOD!! I had the veggie Burger. It was ok. I would def go back. They have an overwhelming, in a good way, menu that makes you want to go back and try more!!also had the peanut butter chunk gelato= amazing!!!!!! All peanut butter lovers should try it
4	As always the food and service at Chelsea's Kitchen were exceptional. They are masterful at combining flavor, atmosphere and service to make every meal I've had there a memorable one. My only complaint isn't necessarily with the restaurant as much as it is this new trend to make Kale the hip vegetable that everyone should eat. People it's used in floral arrangements and is a plate garnish at best. Kale is the most gas producing, fart creating vegetable in the world. Why on gods green earth would anyone want to eat this crap? Please stop putting it on our plates. Yes, you too Chelsea's Kitchen.
4	Chelsea's is an upscale neighborhood place and The food is good and it's one of my regular places.  They offer standard southwest American style fare like burgers, tacos, and they do a pretty good brunch.  My go-tos are:- chicken nachos for the table to share - burgers w/ the grilled poblano- fish or steak tacos- chilaquiles- Brussel sprout salad- keylime pie- sangria, mimosas & bloody Mary'sOther pluses- they have patio seating when the weather is mild.  Negatives include: limited parking but they have valet. Also It's loud so it's better for groups.
2	I had high hopes for Chelsea's when I read on it here on Yelp but unfortunately maybe my hopes were too high.It was a long drive to Scottsdale to experience Chelsea's and upon arrival I was impressed with the appearance of the place. I was quickly seated and was given a menu. That menu however had coffee all over it.??? I asked for and received another menu and notice that my companion also had coffee all over her menu.??? I had some of the LGO English Muffins and they were quite good. They're not your grocery store variety of English Muffin that you usually get at so many places in that they were larger than standard. Not the Wolferman's(look it up) size of EM but larger than grocery store variety. What was special about it is the whipped butter with a bit of orange marmalade in it. Very good. A suggestion would be a butter knife served with the Muffins instead of the cutting knife that adorns the settings.I ordered some coffee and was pleasantly surprised to be served French pressed coffee. What a nice touch.I ordered the Crab Cake Benedict as that's what really caught my eye on the online menu. The CCB is billed as having Jumbo Lump Crab in it, however, what wasn't mentioned is that it was "pan fried". The result, IMO, was a greasy patty of something that could have easily been Pollock and who would have known. Maybe my taste buds were all ready for something else, like freshly steamed crab meat or just plain steamed crab meat. Oh well, my server Kim was great about everything and graciously comped the dish since the main selling point came well short of the mark.A side note that needs to be mentioned is the issue of dead insects on the window screens and sills. This is not very appetizing if you sit near the windows and at least they were contained in the dead space( no pun intended) between the window and inside screen. I was assured that it is an issue that the management is addressing but all you should have to do is vacuum the screens and sills prior to opening for the day. I was there early enough that this shouldn't have been an issue yet it was. My dining companion had a French Dip plate that she liked. The Fries served with it were very good as well.
4	Enjoyed dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen. Great environment and outdoor seating. The shade trees and overhead misters helped keep the temperature down. I was comfortable dispute the 106 temperature at 6:30p.Good menu selections.Must try the Red Velvet!
5	Awesome environment, friendly and professional staff! Me and my sister went here randomly on a Sunday, surprisingly there was not a line outside the door. There is a huge selection of seating where you will most likely be seated asap. I don't lie when I express how impressed I was with their food. Don't believe me? Try their pancakes and try to tell me they aren't the best you have ever had. Will surely be there soon!
3	Good as usual.
5	I love Chelsea's Kitchen!  I've been here several times, and I'm always happy here!  I love the deviled eggs, the tuna sashimi, the guac,  and the kale salad!  My fiance has had the prime rib, and it was amazing!  I think they put crack on the french fries.  I don't normally care for french fries, and these were delicious.  I want to try the pb and j sushi rolls for fun :-)  Sounds cute!Loved the strawberry gelato!The service is excellent!  Love the cookies on the way out.  It's a great place.
3	A little more noisy than I would prefer.  The gazpacho/watermelon soup was wonderful, the brussel sprout salad was sub par.  Good service.  They seem to be flourishing.
4	Chelsea's has really wonderful food in a nice upbeat atmosphere. The patio is really nice and so is the inside. Right upon walking in the place has an amazing smoky smell that is really pleasant and (at least for me) throws me into a relaxed/hanging out with my friends at a campfire sort of mood. The menu has a lot of options for everyone, including vegetarians. I had the vegetarian tacos and they were amazing! The portions are huge, and everything on the plate is perfectly flavored and tastes so good by itself and even better together. The guacamole is spot on fresh, the pico de gallo is bright & citrusy that perfectly balances out the garlic veggies, and the kale slaw is just awesome. Hard to describe the flavor other than hearty greens with sweet tomatoes and wonderfully nutty quinoa - it's totally healthy and good tasting. The tortillas that come with the dish are soft and fresh, though tiny. The whole plate is fantastic and I would happily eat many many meals of it. It is a little pricey at $15 but I do think it's worth every penny, and I had a little bit of leftovers to take for an afternoon snack.This is a perfect go-to spot for workday lunches or lounging weekend meals. Highly recommend!
2	I have dined in here a few times, and taken an order to go. While the service is average, the food isn't that great and it is incredibly overpriced. I have tried various things in the menu and I wasn't crazy about the food. I think the only thing that is good on there would be the chips,salsa, and guacamole.
5	I had dinner there last night for the first time and I was totally impressed.  After a drink at the bar I was seated and ordered a diet coke and Del Mar Salad.  Within 5 minutes I was served and everything was perfect.  My diet coke was delivered in a can with a cup of ice - a little quirky but a nice break from cheap fountain pop.  The shrimp and shredded crab meat was fresh and tasty.  I'll be back.Complimentary valet was a nice touch.  Patio dining is an option too.
5	Outstanding!! Everything about this place is outstanding, it touches all 5 senses. Sight--beautiful little building with manicured landscaping, tucked into a desert oasis so soothing to your eyes. The inside is well appointed with wooden tables nicely spaced without crowding. Touch--the weight of the tables,  the comfortable chairs and booths,  made for relaxing.  Hearing-- nice background music softly plays,  allowing the patrons pleasant speaking volume without having to raise voices to talk over the sounds. Smell--the aromas of the kitchen just ignite the palate which brings us to Taste--fresh ingredients,  combines into amazing selections, that reward the palate with every bite. I am smitten...I have to address some of the negative comments,  as I just can not see a basis for them.  Portions were ample, infact,  we could not finish any of your plates. Prices were spot on for quality,  presentation,  portion.  And the staff-- could not be any friendlier,  attentive to our needs and so very, very pleasant.  We were never rushed, the timing of courses was perfect, refills exactly when needed.It was an outstanding experience!!!
4	Been here several times. My favorites are the fish and brussels sprouts. Top of the line produce all delicately prepared. The staff is good and attentive. Leisure meal time a must.
4	A fine place to grab an expertly crafted sandwich for a reasonable price, a little pretentious but that's west coast living
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots! I love to sit outside on the patio and just enjoy the morning. On the canal, never had any issues with he staff, and their crab eggs Benedict is delicious. It was over cooked a little the last time I was there, but I'm sure they'll make it perfect next time :)
5	Have to start with the white sangria....AMAZING!  My friend and I ordered a pitcher and couldn't finish the rest. Good and nice portions!  I ordered a burger with chiles. Soooo good.  Mac and Cheese was fantastic too.  I splurged a lot this evening and had the flourless chocolate cake with vanilla gelato.  The cake was good, but very rich so share! I will definitely return.
5	My boyfriend and I went a little too far yesterday. After a very late night, we decided to treat ourselves to brunch. We started off the only way you can: with a pitcher of sangria. That thing was large. Ridiculously large for two people. I swear, we each had four or five glasses and still hadn't reached the bottom. It was an endless supply. Which leads me to this: ordering brunch buzzed is always a bad idea. I am not responsible for the amount of food ordered after drinking.After my third glass of sangria, I ended up getting the brunch special, which was some kind of baked egg, pulled pork hash with homemade tortillas. That wasn't enough for me, though. Oh, no. I also had to get myself an $8 side of mac and cheese. My boyfriend got the prime rib and tried to finagle himself another mac & cheese, but luckily the waitress talked him out of it ... we don't need to die of a heart attack before noon. When the food came it was like a little smorgasbord of heaven. Words were not spoken, only cooing and mmmm sounds for rest of the meal. When I finally paused to take a look around, the damage had been done. I ate myself sick. It was one of those: milk was a bad choice moments. It was hot and I had just eaten a ridiculous amount of melted cheese. By this time, I was sinking low in my seat while the boyfriend encouraged me to help him finish off that damn pitcher. I just couldn't do it. I gave up. Threw in the towel. The meal had won and I felt like that guy on Man vs. Food. I actually had to get a to-go box despite all the eating I'd done. When I got home, I took a three hour nap. That was some good eatin'.
5	Short rib tacos!!!Absolutely amazing experience.Polite and courteous waitstaff.  Best short rib tacos I've ever experienced.  My wife had the surf and turf platter - also fantastic.Amazing guacamole.The other couple we were with were also suitably impressed.  I was so fixated on my dinner that I don't even remember what they had.  Incredible abbey ale tap.Red velvet cake w/ gelato -- wow!!!Sea salt chocolate chip cookies on the way out ... perfect end to the evening.
5	I had lunch here with some business associates last week and will have to say that the ambience and the food were both excellent. I had the Ahi tacos which I highly recommend and don't bother getting dessert they have these wonderful cookies at the front counter when you're leaving. Our waitress was excellent great service nice atmosphere can't beat it.
5	This place is amazing. St. Bernardus on tap and the food was outstanding. I had the surf n turf tacos. It came with kale salad which was a delicious blend of sweet and sour, but seemed out of place with the entree... I will make sure to change my side next time. Overall this place is amazing. Great, intimate atmosphere and a nice, relaxed, naturally shaded patio next to a canal. I would definitely go back.
5	What a gem! From the outside parking lot you think that maybe you made a mistake because it is in a off beat location and it looks like a house that was converted but once you go inside, see the bar, outdoor area and the dinning room you know that you are in for a treat.The food, atmosphere and service was exceptional!  The vibe that this place has is so calming and the music that they play really made this a great hip date place.We ate inside but the outdoor patio looked like it would be fun.  Cant wait to go back!
4	I think the brisket dishes are the best on the menu as well as the fries. Great seasoning on both! The other items are ok, but nothing to dream about. The pancakes may be good to some or weird to others. They remind me of lemon pound cake with a corn flour taste. The eggs Benedict was good, but not great. The food comes out pretty fast if you do Sunday brunch.
4	Great food! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is it is hard to find good parking at this location. Its like LGO when it gets busy. Other than that service was great, good atmosphere, and great food! The fried chicken is awesome
4	Such a good Saturday brunch spot. Our server, Kim, was the best - so nice and great conversation. We got the deviled eggs with bacon as an app, very very very good. I got a burger with the home-made fried, it was very tasty, better than I expected. The short rib tacos were amazing; I would only suggest adding a white shredded cheese, the home-made corn taco shells were such a nice touch and they tasted very fresh. The kitchen under-cooked a separate burger on the table, but they offered the fix it and they were concerned about the mistake (he ordered it well-done and it came out medium; I don't see this as a mistake as a burger should never be cooked well).We got the unlimited mimosas - very quick to refill. The manager is very observant and walked around throughout our time in the resturant checking on tables - I liked this, it's nice to see people care. DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT THE RED VELVET CAKE!!!!!
4	Best restaurant and best ambience. ... love to visit again for nice dinner. I recommend to whoever is on a business trip
5	Best swordfish tacos on the planet (well, at least in Arizona). Just an amazing place to eat. Plenty of safe gluten-free options (including the fries and chips). Knowledgeable waiters and chefs. I would eat here every day if I could afford it. Plus all the wine I drink here - pretty great list (but not a lot of Arizona wines - I would take them down 1/2 a star for that if I could).
5	Great customer service.
5	Best deviled eggs ever! The bacon on them is genius! Love the food and atmosphere! Perfect date place! Love the sea salt choc chip cookies as you walk out!
5	Another great experience at Chelsea s Kitchen. We ordered a Sunday Brunch special item  which was a baked  mixture of shredded pork Mexican spices seasoning(forgot the name of the dish) with black beans, guac, sweet potatoes and a baked egg which was all perfect. The other dish was hot cakes. It was very simple but tasty it had a hint of lemon so it was a nice tart change from a traditional pancake. Very thin not too heavy and I think the serving was 4 or 5 hot cakes.The service from beginning to end was great. The host was very energetic friendly and prompt. Our server truly made our day. We had mimosas flowing not thinking to ask/confirm if they had bottomless on Sunday's. We didn't ask till the last round which was probably the 3rd or 4th at the most. Not complaining at all but just asking/confirming. She comes back shortly after saying sorry I didn't ask and said she will have her manager bill it at the bottomless rate they offer on Saturdays. When the bill comes they were taken off completely!! This was not expected,  required or needed but a very generous gesture! Leaves a great impression on my 2nd visit of many to come.
5	We LOVE Chelseas Kitchen!! We got the Guacamole (awesome!), Brussels Sprout Salad (still craving it!) and the Short Rib Tacos!  Everything was incredible. We also sampled bites off our friends' plates and it was all amazing.  Can't wait to come back again, next time to try the Brunch menu!
5	Great food, great atmosphere!  Will definitely return again.
5	Chelsea's is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley.  The service is consistently top notch - free valet, efficient and friendly hostesses, always greeted by a server soon after being seated, and attentive throughout food service.   Some of my favorite menu items are... the brussels sprout salad (with chicken added, it makes a great meal), short rib tacos, chicken nachitos, rotisserie chicken  and green chile mac and cheese.   Non menu item - margaritas, on the rocks, with salt - one of the best I've found in Phoenix!  Their brunch is excellent as well - try their chilaquiles or the short rib hash.  Mmmm... oh and their mimosa specials on Saturday mornings are well worth it too.  A trip to Chelsea's is never a bad idea!
4	First time coming here I drove into the parking lot with what looks like more than half of the parking lot filled with cones for valet parking. The parking lot doesn't look like it would be difficult to get to the front door - so in a sense seemed a little pointless. I found a shaded parking luckily. Patio seating was available. Walked in and was immediately greeted. First couple impressions was that it smells good and that the ambience was trendy and fun! The place looked pretty packed and I can tell I already want to come back for a second visit.  I was deciding on their huevos rancheros, the chiliquiles, or their brunch special: baked egg and green chilies. The server suggested the chiliquiles for $14, and boy am I glad I got that!! It's chicken and hard fried egg topped with pico de gallo and a red and green sauce. OMG!! Delicious!! Ate every single bite. And then enjoyed a couple mugs full of French press for $3. Maybe more than one is not suggested because I became jittery. The whole time I was a bit hot. At first I thought it was the tiny spiciness of the food but I guess the ac wasn't turned down enough or something. The women's bathroom has 3 stalls and the first one was doorless!!! How?!?! Kinda weird for a place that has valet parking. Overall I enjoyed my experience there and would come back for the food and ambience!!
5	I love the Food, wine, and desserts! The ambience is nice too and the chocolate chip cookies with sea salt at the end of your meal as you walk out the door is a nice touch!
3	Got the Chelsea burger and the Howie burger, food was OK, the fries were overloaded with seasoning, thought the seasoning was excessive but they treated good. Got a diet coke, $2.25 for a can of soda, wow. Not impressed with the place at all, server was nice but will not be returning.
4	Went here on a Sunday afternoon from church which is always busy. This time there was no wait for 2 people. The parking is sparse but was able to find a spot. LGO Restaurant with many items from the LGO menu. The exception is there is nicer seating and more than the LGO down the road.Tried the Short Rib Hash which was very good was served with onions and potatoes topped off with an egg on top served with a English Muffin. Also had the devil eggs which came out on a wooden plank.Service was exceptional and always filled up our water and ice tea before the glass was below the middle of the glass.Personally I prefer the ambience of the LGO Restaurant down the road but both restaurants are a can't go wrong.
5	Wow what can we say. We're visiting from Atlanta and Baltimore. This place was recommend by another restaurant. Food was out of this world, I had the ahi  tuna tacos and my friend had the steak tacos. Food is to die for, the Kale slaw was the bomb. Oh don't forget the great fries, taste like bbq chips The service is a 15 out of 10 ask for Amy. What a great gem.
4	Just celebrated my wife's birthday with their wonderful Saturday Brunch. Located near the busy intersection of 40th St. and Camelback Road, this place was a happening location from the moment we walked in the door. Modern, yet chic. Wifey started with the deviled eggs and they were delicious, as she actually shared them with me. She enjoyed the "endless mimosas" and since I was the designated driver, I stayed with the Arnold Palmer made with Simple Syrup. Delish.We both had the crab cakes benedict and enjoyed them thoroughly. Came with some fresh fruit that was doused with what we believe was a mint syrup. The meal ended with a complimentary chocolate torte for her birthday. Served with what we believed was a scoop of pistachio ice cream, we waddled out the door and plan to spend the rest of the afternoon daydreaming and snoring over this fine experience.
3	Food is very good. The service is unpredictable. Their timing isn't the best. I know they want to turn the tables over but at least let your diners finish the food they order. Last few times I've been the entrees were brought to the table within seconds (literally) of the appetizer.
5	Had the Howie burger, it was perfectly medium rare and delicious. The fries have an awesome seasoning on them. Dad got the crab Benedict brunch and said it was amazing. Service was good, nice ambiance, and it smelled like a wood fired grill inside.
3	Free cookie!!!!!My wife and I decided to try Chelsea's Kitchen for our Sunday brunch date. I think we got there just in time since we didn't have to wait for a table.I ordered a french pressed coffee soon as I got to the table. It was perfect to start my brunch. Since we didn't have an idea on what to order, we just asked for recommendations. The server was so knowledgable of the menu. She gave us recommendations on every part of the menu. We decided to order tuna tartare & guacamole for starters, Chilaquiles and Short ribs for our entree.The tartare & guacamole was big enough to share. The guacamole was placed on top of the tuna tartare. I would have wanted a little more seasoning on my guacamole and maybe a little bit of a kick. Maybe some chili peppers would do. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad. I just had better tuna tartare and guacamole.The short ribs at $20+ was tender, juicy and full of flavour. It was served on top of mashed potatoes and some grilled carrots. Again, it was around $20+... I can have the same good meal for $12 and still get the same satisfaction.The chilaquiles was a different story. I think it's appropriately priced for the size and the flavour. I enjoyed the crunch of the corn tortilla, the balance of the chicken flavour and the compliment of the spicy sauce. It was original. At least it was the first time I had a mexican lasagna made with corn tortilla, chicken and spicy sauce.Overall, Chelsea's kitchen had its pros and cons. The pros outweighs the cons. It may be pricey, it may have an ordinary menu but if you dig in just a little bit more... you might find some good food.I will still come back to Chelsea's. Maybe next time i'll try the short ribs taco. The next table ordered it and it looked amazing.By the way, they give free cookies on your way out. It was really good. Maybe the best thing I ate at Chelsea's that day were the cookies. Take note, THAT DAY. Maybe it would be different the next time I visit.more reviews on http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	Cozy & pleasant atmosphere, delicious food, awesome service, great patio area and free valet. What is not to like about Chelsea's Kitchen?We loved every single plate that we ordered. Not only was everything tasty, but it also had a beautiful presentation. My favorite was the Brussels sprouts salad!! YUM! I think this was the best salad I've had, ever! If you don't like brussels sprouts, this salad just might change your opinion about it! hahaha The rotisserie jidori chicken was very tender, juicy and flavorful! Delish :) The surf and turf taco platter was seasoned well and cooked perfectly. They also have a great selection of signature cocktails. Cucumber press was really good and very refreshing. Also, you can never go wrong with the white sangria! I will come here again if I ever visit Phoenix again. Great experience, highly recommended :)
5	Some tasty food here, we come here a lot and just love the food, The deviled eggs are the most delicious things ever, The best thing here is the hamburgers, They use kobe beef (the best kind you kind eat) and it's high quality and fresh, also juicy. YUM.  friendly and inviting atmosphere to this place as well.
5	We took a group of 8 here for a birthday dinner and had a wonderful meal. Best prime rib I've had in a long time, and the pan fried chicken was outstanding. Deviled eggs with bacon? Fantastic. Great service, ice atmosphere. We'll be back.
4	Met up with a friend for dinner and movie, the place picked was Chelsea's Kitchen, I had never been so was exited to check it out!  Now I'm asking myself why it took so long to go! Chelsea's Kitchen is a great place! Loved the open feel of the place, you see the kitchen right when you walk in, just a good looking place!We decided on patio seating and I was glad we did, the patio area is like a hidden garden , love the little bird houses around the bar area, and if you look in the trees you can see the hummingbird feeders, the twinkling lights that are all around, now I need to bring a date here no doubt!  After checking out the menu I knew I wanted the Green Chili Burger, it came with freshly made in house French fries too! The burger was cooked medium rare and topped with beautifully melted black creek cheddar cheese and freshly roasted green chills, this burger was smooth as butter! So soft, so juicy, so tender, so dang good! Also was able to try the chocolate flourless cake, this cake is no joke, its rich and velvety smooth! Every bite was an indulgence.If you haven't tried Chelsea's Kitchen you really should, you won't be disappointed!
4	I love coming here. I think the burgers and fries are to die for. Also the Brussels Sprout salad is amazing. It's a great place to go sit outside in the courtyard. It's a great place for big groups and has a cool ambience and atmosphere. I haven't had anything that I didn't like which tells me the place is great. I would recommend to come try this place out.
5	Just had dinner with colleagues.  Swordfish tacos were perfect.  Cheers to Our server Tori, was patient as we waited for the rest of our party, knew the menu well and is one if the reasons I will come back again and again.
5	I love it here!  We flew into Phoenix and had brunch at Chelsea's Kitchen before heading to Sedona on a Sunday.  They have free valet service and we didn't have to wait for a table at all. The service was great, our server was very attentive and helped with recommendations.  I got the white sangria which is so tasty, it has got to have cake flavored vodka in it or something.  It's heavenly! We ordered the short rib tacos which were so much fun to eat.  The plate had shells, short ribs, guacamole, pico, and kale slaw.  The guacamole was some of the best I had on our trip.  The slaw went well with the tacos but I preferred it as a tiny salad.  We also got he chilaquiles which were great.  We wanted to go back!
1	Use to come here all the time! What happened? Very rude staff. Sat inside dust all over every where lamps etc. food does not carry the same quality! Sad to experience this... NEVER COMING BACK!!!!!
4	Great spot, a bit pricy, but they make it up in excellent service and an outstanding atmosphere. Good memories here.
4	An absolute treat in phoenix.  Everything made with care. I recommend going out of your way to experience this spot.   Had the striped sea bass special... Roasted in their Italian hard wood oven...delicious.Excellent wines by the glass ...and wonderful beers
4	We had an unfortunate experience the last time we were here. We decided to give this place another try and it was a success! Great cocktails, great prime rib! Maybe just don't come for brunch.... We will be back again!
4	Tips:$21 for a pitcher of white sangria$12 for endless mimosa (only orange mimosa)They offer delicious sea-salt chocolate chip cookies as you wait for your table. Snag a couple bites because they are delicious!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------The atmosphere is amazing, both indoor and outdoor seating are great to sit in. Great for dates or a small brunch gathering. The only criticism I would give is that I got the eggs Benedict and my egg was cooked thoroughly all the way. It's a shame that the egg wasn't poached correctly, but the dish itself still tasted good and was a filling portion.I would highly recommend getting the white sangria, it's delicious!
4	I was very close to five stars. Everything was really delicious. We had Prosecco, French press coffee, deviled eggs, Chilequiles, and brussels sprouts salad. They were all delicious. My only complaint was that the special, Santa Fe baked eggs, was more pork than anything else. I wish it would have been described that way because I would have ordered differently.
5	My family and I went here for my mom's birthday for brunch. We thought we'd try something new and we were very impressed. As soon as we sat down the service was impeccable all the waiters and waitresses were happy and smiling and quick to refill my sister and I's mimosas ($12 for endless). We sat out on the patio, the trees produced just enough shade and the chirping birds made put us all in a great mood. Their breakfast menu is small but what we ordered was fantastic! We will definitely be back.
4	They have good food. I had the filet mignon and let me just say that it was delicious. At the end of the meal I had the red velvet cake and I was surprised that it wasn't too sweet, the texture and taste was good. I will be returning to Chelsea's kitchen to try their chilaquiles since I hear those are also good
5	Fiance took me here on our first date and we hadn't been back for almost 3 years. We are complete idiots to not have. This place is SO great. We were waiting for a table at the bar and ended up eating at the bar because we were enjoying the people and bartenders. The bar is inside/outside with the way the windows work, so we got to enjoy the feel of being outside on their killer patio with out actually being outside. The first time we went, I had the braised beef tacos and we had the ceviche to start. This time around we had the deviled egss, I had the fried chicken and he had something else that I cant remember. Everything was fantastic and it made us realize that we need to come here more often.
5	This place started following me on Instagram so I decided to stop in for lunch and check them out.  I grabbed a seat at the bar where I was greeted with a smile and hello. There isn't a bad seat in the place. If ambiance is what you seek this place has it. The menu has something for everyone. I started with the deviled eggs which were piled high and topped with bacon.  They were full of flavor and seasoned perfectly.  Next were the short rib tacos.  They come deconstructed with house made to order corn tortillas, guacamole, pico, and an amazing kale and grape salad. The short ribs were tender, tortillas amazing.  This plate probably could be split and serve two but I managed to take down the entire plate of food.  I will definitely go back!
5	Great place for a family dinner or a date...fairly casual, average wine selection, great selection of foods.torn between the tacos and Burgers I went with the Howie burger...a little messy but GREAT taste...seasoned fries are good and a little cookie on the way out to settle the stomach...I'll be back !
5	Mouth watering, delicious food. The guacamole is unbelievable. Plus their deviled eggs appetizer tastes homemade. Then their tacos are to die for. I left full, satisfied and happy. I will definitely go there again and again! The atmosphere is awesome as well.
4	Just had to complain about our server, who ignored my wife's drink order, then after I reordered for her brought it in a dirty glass.That's sad because we really like this place and we hate leaving a bad taste in their mouths with our complaint.
5	I always get excited when we're having date night at Chelsea's Kitchen.  It never disappoints, and Saturday night was no exception.We started off with the deviled eggs appetizer, and believe me, it is 100% worth adding in the bacon!!  The filling on the eggs tasted absolutely delicious and adding in the bacon bits put it over-the-top tasty.  I could definitely eat a whole batch of these on my own.After that we had the brussel sprouts salad (more bacon into our meal, which is always A+ for me), and the green chili burger.  Oh. My. God.  The burger itself was amazing, but the FRIES!!!  Holy cow, the fries were insanely good.  This was my 1st time ever tasting them, and I am going to have to order them on the side every time from now on.  They are a seasoned fry, and the seasoning has this spicy-sweet tone to it.  So so yummy.  Atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the staff are attentive and knowledgeable.  I definitely recommend popping in for a meal at Chelsea's Kitchen when you're in the Arcadia area :)
5	Yes, this place lives up to all of the great reviews on here. Went here for brunch on Sunday. We waited about 15 minutes to sit outside on the patio which was great. We started with deviled eggs that were amazing. I got the eggs benedict which was also quite delicious. Bloody Mary gets a thumbs up as well. I can't wait to go back to try dinner.
5	Fantastic food! I had Chelsea's Benedict and my co-worker had the special of the day (I forget the name but it was essentially baked eggs with pulled pork). The white sangria was also delicious.Warning: patio has a lot of birds and you risk getting pooped on. Co-worker and I were both pooped on.
4	Just ate here for the first time and it was great! Came with a large group and our server was super friendly and handled our group of 13 with no problem. Everyone in our group loved the food; there is something for everyone. We brought two vegans a vegetarian a paleo eater and the rest of us did not discriminate any food. Awesome that we were all able to get a great meal.
4	My boyfriend and I are from Utah and visited this restaurant based off a recommendation from a friend. We were very pleased! Valet service. Great staff. Seated quickly. Attended to quickly. Drinks brought within minutes after ordering. Appetizer brought within 5 minutes of ordering. As soon as we finished our appetizer the main meal was ready. From arrival time to finish time we were here for a total of 30 minutes and were very satisfied! Great atmosphere and amazing food. A MUST try!
5	Got the short rib taco. It was delicious !Pricey but worth it.Omg........and the kale salad was amazing too. I dont like salads or vegetables in general but it was so good I was staring at other people's plates....
5	Quite surprised as we entered! Great atmosphere, the outdoor seating was superb and the fireplace going was great. Our server was Ryan and if you can ask for him, do it! His knowledge of the menu and the wine is amazing. He knows his "stuff". The ahi tacos are not to miss, the red velvet cake? Are you kidding me, outstanding! Can't believe we have waited so long to try this. Don't miss this restaurant.
5	Service excellentAmbience excellentComplimentary valetChilaquiles are my favorite brunch item and let me tell you, they were the best I've ever had!! Warning: they've got a spice kick! I'm not a deviled eggs fan but they were delicious!White sangria had fruit, yay!!! Absolute must try spot!
5	AMBIANCE: upon walking into this location from the chilly weather outside, I was pleasantly surprised. There were big lamps, a fireplace, and just an overall cozy, warm atmosphere and the place was packed! The patio was set up with string lights and gas heating posts. While waiting briefly for a table, it was amazing watching the kitchen crew hustle in such a small space and organize the rapid delivery of plates. I was happy to recognize the same expediter from Ingo's. No food sat in the window for very long and didn't leave without total quality control! We were sat within 15 minutes, which wasn't long considering we didn't have a reservation and it was Friday night and Christmas week. This place has a very chic, upscale vibe with many families and couples and it was abuzz with conversations, but not too loud. FOOD: I was looking forward to the Dixie Pan Fried chicken, as fried chicken is my favorite comfort food. It came as 2 very moist and juicy chicken breasts with a crispy coating that was cooked perfectly, not too dark brown like at other places. They came on a generous portion of mashed potatoes and they went very well together. My only wish would be a jus or gravy to add to the mash, but this dish was amazing as is. I also very much enjoyed the daily vegetable of roasted heirloom carrots in what I tasted was ginger and honey. My dining companion had a burger with their homemade fries. It was very big and tasty using high quality beef like at Ingo's. I give high marks for restaurants that serve a middle size of wine between a glass and a bottle (10-12 oz. carafes). Everything was priced very reasonably for what you get. SERVICE: our server (and all the other servers we watched go back and forth) was always moving quickly and efficiently to every table. There is a real energy to this place that has a lot to do with the people that work here. I was impressed when a manager checked in with us to chat about our experience. You can tell that she really loves what she does as do everyone else here. I'm glad I found this restaurant as it will now become one of my favorites to frequent regularly.
4	Short rib tacos were great, and service was wonderful.
4	Just had dinner here and it was very good. We started with the tuna tartare with guacamole on top. It was very tasty and enjoyable. We also split the brussel sprout salad which was also very good. I had the special, a halibut but unfortunately it was overcooked despite ordering it medium rare. My wife had the short rib tacos and it was decent, but could have had more flavor. We finished out meal with pumpkin pie and red velvet cake. They were both fairly good. The red velvet cake was comprised of several small layers separated with frosting. I would have preferred one large moist red velvet cake with only the frosting on the outside, but that's my personal preference.
