4	As someone who went to college far away from home, I spent a fair amount of time on airplanes and in airports, and the difference between a great port and a lame port is really important.  The Charlotte airport has a variaty of fast-food and sit-down restaurants that offer a large range of food options (go to the Chili's if you want to drink and smoke before you flight).  The airport also has large bookstores that offer all the knick-knacks, snacks, or magazines you could want for a plane, plus an assortment of other retail stores.  The wait here is usually painless and the staff is very friendly.Edit_  Ok people I mean if your flight is delayed and you are stuck in a airport f course you will be pissed.  But I mean that happens about half the time you fly anywhere.  If you are seriously saying this ariport deserves one or two stars you obviously haven't had the lovely opportunity of visiting the Raleigh, Nashville, Moblie, Birmingham, or New Orleans airport just to name a few off-hand...
4	I've only ever changed planes at CLT, but this is as good an airport as any to spend time between flights. Generally, it's spacious, modern, clean, and easy to navigate. Specifically, the atrium between concourses B and C, the two US Airways terminals, is delightful. -Floor-to-ceiling windows with a sunny southern exposure of natural light-Quaint white-painted rocking chairs for sitting in the sunny windows (and functional -- a rocking chair is really relaxing!)-A huge, clean food court with Starbucks, TCBY, Burger King, Quiznos, Chili's, Pizza Hut, Freshens, Mrs. Fields, Cinnabon, BofA ATMs, and a number of local and regional counters including Brookwood Farms Carolina BBQ-A business center with available high-speed Internet, conferencing, faxing, copying, etc.CLT is now the tenth-busiest airport in the country, and getting busier. If you haven't stopped here yet, you will soon. Oh, and don't mind the NASCAR-themed restaurants in concourse B -- there's a California Pizza Kitchen in there, too.As I said, I've never parked, checked in or used the baggage claim, so you're on your own there.
4	I spent quite a few hours in this airport between flights - on the side before the security gates, there's a Starbucks that's practically open 24 hours (sometimes it closes I hear).Speaking of Starbucks, there are several locations on the secure side. Also on this side are shops and eateries galore, including local eateries I've never heard of like a tequila bar (Tequilerja).There is a business center where you can rent a laptop or internet connection I believe, and there are conference rooms/halls upstairs. It's clean, bright, and sunny. Rocking chairs rock.If I ever get stuck here again, I'm renting a car and hanging in Charlotte.
3	This airport leaves a bit to be desired.  YES it is super busy, like most airports, and yes it has some growing pains to deal with, but honestly it just isn't well organized.  The baggage claim is sprawling and they seem to group flights by airline (not spread by time) so you get overcrowding.  The A/C was off the day I arrived in 94 degree weather so it wasn't optimal for hanging out.  The nearby but not attached car rental desks are scattered... just not great.  It worked, I landed, and I'll use it again, of course, but it just wasn't the best airport I've ever been to.  (Pittsburgh)-MRO
5	I've only ever connected in Charlotte, so I am of no use in regards to checking in or "checking out" in Charlotte, but its one of the few airports I don't mind spending a layover in. Being from Roanoke, VA, I don't mind a down home southern feel to things and I feel as if this airport provides that. Giant rocking chairs line the main food court between terminals and an abundance of food choices makes picking a restaurant hassle free. My only complaint is that it is a US Airways hub and every US flight that I've been on in the past month has either been canceled or delayed without reason. I may be moving to Charlotte next year, so if I do and start using it as my main airport, than this review will get an update. You can also get wireless internet for free sometimes depending on which terminal you are in. Woohoo for free internet in airports!
1	I wish I could give a minus 5.  This was the most unorganized set up I've seen in a while.  We had to stop here on the way back from Mexico.  It took so long to get through Immigration and Customs, I swear the employees were on some kind of slow motion drugs.  We were about to miss our flight- in fact someone had to call the gate to ask them to wait for us.  When we saw the mile long line for security, we panicked.  I thought if I asked the security man very nicely if we could go to the head, since the plane was waiting, perhaps he would help us.  WRONG!!!  He was the rudest, most ignorant employee I encountered in the entire airport.   We ran our asses off and got to our gate just as they were closing the doors.  Luckily they let us board.  From now on it's non-stop for us!!!
3	Yes I like the big windows area but on the whole I find this airport to be a pain in the butt.  trafficky, unorganized...god forbid you get delayed at night...nothing's open, it's bad.no discount airlines that im aware of serve it (except for airtran)
4	I've only been here for connections to other flights but I adore this airport.  It's one of the most organized airports I have ever been to.  There's a bunch of places to eat and shop while you're waiting for your connection.  I've also heard that recently they added free wi-fi and you can't beat that if you have your laptop with you and you're stuck in an airport for a few hours.
4	I wasn't supposed to be in Charlotte, but canceled flights, etc.  You know how that goes, so I spent several hours here.Things I like about this airport:Interesting food options, and what I had was good.  I never expected to be eating tasty BBQ Brisket, Beans, Cornbread & Fried Pickles at an airport restaurant.  Rockers.  All over the place there are rocking chairs.Clean, open feel to the architecture.Smoothly operating airport.Wireless.Basically, if you have to be stuck at an airport, I'd take this one over many others!
5	Are you kidding me? What an awesome airport!There's a pretty huge array of dining options, including *gasp* barbeque! For this Southern boy on his way from San Francisco to Mexico, that was a pleasant surprise. Also, the terminals are bright and sunny, with high ceilings, and filled with trees. I got some breakfast, sat on a balcony in a rocking chair, and watched the planes come and go for an hour while I read. It was the most pleasant layover I've had in a while.Charlotte, you're a winner.
4	I passed through the terminals on the way to and from my destination and I do declare this airport to be very nice.  It's an easy place to navigate and the many food options give you a nice break from the usual fare.  I feel bad for the non-franchised hot-dog stand by the bathrooms, though.  The employees look borderline suicidal.    Speaking of the bathrooms, their cleaning solution smells good.As for the rest of the airport (er, my walk from the C gates to the B gates), it sure seems crowded most of the time and seats by the gate were hard to find.  Additionally, I take issue with there being a bathroom attendant when I was using the restroom in the B terminal.  Airports are expensive as it is and now I'm supposed to drop tips in whats usually the least pleasant area in the airport universe?  If I wanted the extra attention and shot of mouthwash, I'd have gone to a strip club.   Oh well.  Can't win 'em all, huh?
3	Couldnt tell you a thing about this airport except that right next to our gate for our connecting flight there was a gelato place that had some pretty great flavours.  I made the mistake of getting the coffee flavour which meant that I couldnt get to sleep until about 2am the next morning.  Oh but it was worth it.
4	"Rocking chairs and free wireless."  Borrowing from David S. B. [hey it is a great opening.]  Those two things do set this airport apart from others.  The rocking chairs make me think of my grandparent's house at the lake.  They also create an appearance of things are slower here, you don't need to rush to your gate, just take a seat and relax.  Welcome to southern hospitality.   And about the free wi-fi ---- It is not the Southern Way to gouge our guests, we want you to feel at home.
2	Rocking chairs don't mean much to the road weary traveler who has already been on the road, either on a plane or stuck in an airport for well over 12 hours; especially when said traveler realizes she is stuck in Charlotte overnight, and not in Nashville, where she was headed and has a reservation at a nice comfy hotel and dinner reservations somewhere yummy.  Add to this the fact that the place is a damned ghost town late at night and if you're really super lucky you just might get to wander the length of three entire concourses looking for someone who can help you, rushing with your heavy ass computer bag, because maybe, just MAYBE there is another flight?!  But there isn't, and the empty empty airport mocks you for being so foolishly optimistic.  And then you can go and stay at the Ramada for $59.  Only if you're lucky though.Better signage would be nice Charlotte-Douglas, and white rockers don't quite make up for it.  Especially since you're a US Airways hub and I needed to find some US Airways help, which my ticket printout helpfully mentions I can find in any concourse, which is an absolute lie.White rockers and wi-fi are nice, but not that nice.
2	Yes, CLT is clean and it's central area connecting the terminals is brightly lit from the wall-o-windows, and offers plenty of eating/shopping options.  I'll give it that.Now, CLT is USAIRWAYS' fortress hub, meaning they dominate this place.  This is not a good thing being that USAIR tops the list for things like lost and/or mishandled baggage, customer complaints, percentage of flights late 70% of the time or more, and the lowest % of flights arriving on time.  So now you're saying, well that's USAIR's fault, not CLT's. Well, that may be true, but USAIR has the majority of flights, passenger traffic, and gates in the airport so...One star for free WiFi.
4	I really just wanted to review the USO at the Charlotte airport, but I suppose this is just as good a place.  I've been to several USO's at airports, and this is a very impressive one. Although it doesn't have showers and beds like some of the other ones I've seen, this one has this feel like it's one of those red-carpet airport clubs because it has the big fancy leather recliners with a large flat-screen TV, and another room in case you don't like what's playing in the main room.  It's got 3 computers for internet access, a couple of large round bar tables sitting just across a counter full of free food, sodas, hot dogs, baked goods, etc.  There's a section of 2 small TVs for PS2/xbox, and a small room for young toddlers to keep busy.  The USO is always a place I go when I have time in between flights, even if I'm not traveling on official Army duty.  It's typically operated by volunteers, so I make it a habit to go sign in to show that it's being utilized.  Even if you're not in the military, you can still go up to the 2nd floor where the USO entrance is at, and usually find some free seating even when the downstairs chairs are all taken.One funny thing about the Charlotte airport is how busy it was one moment, and then how deserted it was the next.  Our flight must have arrived some time after 9pm. After a quick stop at the Tequileria restaurant, we went to the USO and milled around a bit.  Then we came back downstairs right after 10pm, and most of the stores and the food court were closed.  It must have only been about 10-15 minutes where before the airport was bustling with people, to what seemed like a twilight zone episode.  This airport is pretty nice because most of the shopping/food places are centrally located. It was a fairly long walk to our gate for our connecting flight, but thanks to those jetson walkways, it didn't seem too far.I'd come back through Charlotte again just to sit in the rocking chairs for a minute.
4	this place is nice lots of shops, clean and good choices on places to eat. the free high speed internet is very fast. like the other reviewer said you have to try Phillips seafood in terminal C..excellent service and food there is off the hook. only here for a quick layover so I will write a review about Phillips later.
4	A very nice airport to have a layover unlike some other places I know. Very clean loo's for 1's and 2's, there is even a bathroom attendant. How fancy! And who doesn't love rocking chairs and free wireless! It rocks! But I have to say, they really, REALLY love their Nascar here. If you're into that (then you probably aren't reading this) you got your Nascar shop and your Nascar restaurant and bar! Woo doggy!
2	I did not have a great experience in this airport.  I think I came in through Terminal E, and it just reeked of mildew!  I hope that wing is next in line to get renovated.  Once I moved towards the center, it was a lot cleaner looking, but I wasn't crazy about the food selection.  Cinnabon, BBQ, pizza with 4 slices of tomato on it and that's it?  It's tough to be a vegetarian in NC, I guess.  And the lines for the food were ghastly!  Anywhere remotely healthy or yummy looking had an insane line.  I guess I could have had a 5,000 calorie cinnamon bun for lunch.And yes, I gave an extra star for free wifi.
3	Clean, modern, with plenty of (boring) food options.  I would have loved a big Southern breakfast, but chains abound.  Comfy chairs.
3	Not bad as far as airports go, although I can see how the security areas become major choke points during busy times. Luckily for us, we were traveling on a Monday afternoon and flew right through security.As for the terminal itself, the main concourse reminded me of a mall, with a wide selection of dining and shopping options. We killed an hour at the wine bar, which serves a variety of North Carolina wines. Overall, a good way to pass the time while waiting for a flight.
1	I officially curse this airport.  The only thing that keeps me going in the south is Bojangles Chicken n' Biscuits.  My wife's favorite is Carolina style BBQ.  So upon deplanning we check a map to see what fine eating establishments are offered at this airport.  Sadly  we see no Bojangles or BBQ so we settle on nachos, and not even really good nachos.  Upon finishing our "meal" we head over to terminal B and pass by not only a Carolina BBQ but a Bojangles as well.  Thanks Charlotte airport!!  Way to update your signage.
4	I'm writing this review of CLT as I'm sitting here waiting for my delayed flight to take off... even still, this is one airport I don't mind being stuck at for a few extra minutes.  Both flying in and getting luggage and checking in to depart today, security, etc was a BREEZE!I must've missed the rockers that other yelpers wrote about, but I'm enjoying the WiFi, had my Starbucks, checked out Borders, and chilled out at my gate with no problems... Overall, I've enjoyed my arrival and departure from this smoothly operating airport.Now, if only my flight leaves soon, I'll be great!
3	Flying through this airport makes up for the fact that you're probably on USAirheads instead of United.  But hell, your Premier status carries over via the Star Alliance, and at least you're not changing planes in Phoenix.But for the time you're not in the air, this place is a pleasure. Polite customer service people at check-in, polite and helpful TSA staff at the (efficient) checkpoints, all follow a leafy approach to a positively genteel airport. Once inside, you can get half-decent Carolina BBQ (get the combo with the Brunswick stew), sit in a pleasant atrium with a nice open bar and a good selection of beers, or even better, head down toward the Concourse D/E retail strip to find the North Carolina wine bar. Yes, wine bar. Sample some of the best wines that the Yadkin Valley has to offer--and their best is quite good even on a national scale.  For $7, you can get a generous guided wine tasting from knowledgable attendants who know their grapes, know the wineries, and can match tastes to tastings. Once you find the one you like, buy a whole glass (also $7) and go sit on one of the rocking chair just outside to watch the mass of stressed-out humanity flow by on the moving walkways. Surf the free (although overtaxed) WiFi, post reviews like this one, and be happy, relaxed, and refreshed...until you hand over that boarding pass to become canned meat in the hull of some overfilled, undermaintained flying machine.
3	Horrible spotty internet, but at least it's free!The rocking chairs make this airport extremely unique!
5	The rocking chairs are genius!They're perfect for weary travelers that just want to relax especially those of us in between flights. Ahhh genius.And did I mention the food, they have everything you might be craving and some new ideas that will get your mouth watering. The staff was polite and helpful. Some other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20.
5	Bathroom attendant, rocking chairs, spacious and modern facilities, numerous shopping and eating establishments (not outstanding, but better than the run of the mill choices at most other airports), a wine bar, and all the while being accessible to people coming in from other terminals without needing to go through another security checkpoint.Thank you Charlotte, for making a layover bearable. You just need more airlines. But you're definitely a world-class airport.
2	Yeah, the rocking chairs are a cute touch, but how comfortable do you think they are when you've just flown a red-eye (that was 45 minutes early...thanks a LOT) and have a connecting flight 3 hours later, with the temperature of the place hovering around 45F.   They are not conducive to sleep, happiness or non-terrorist thoughts.I chose to sleep on the floor...the just shampooed, wet, cold, stinky floor.I just wanted some sleep, DAMNIT.
3	I had a two-and-a-half-hour layover in Charlotte.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was generally pleasantly surprised.Although there are a lot of food options, the lines are pretty long.  I guess that can't be helped, but a lot of the employees--and there seemed to be too many at each store--seemed to be running around but not really doing anything.  I didn't really like that all the choices were pretty terrible chains, but what else could I have expected?  At least most things seemed clean.The terminals and gates themselves are very clean.  Because I had so much time, I walked through a lot of the airport.  One of my favorite parts about my layover was seeing a US Airways plane that was painted with the old PSA colors, including the smiley face on the nose.  Now, I don't particularly like US Airways, but that brought back some serious childhood nostalgia, although as I remember PSA only flew the planes with the engines on the tail and the wings really far back.  Oh well.The actual gate employees here were very friendly and helpful.  I watched them help a lot of people with questions.  In fact, I was shocked at how well they kept the lines moving while still being courteous to bumped and standby passengers.My biggest complaint with this airport is the lack of bathrooms.  They have them, but they're spaced pretty far apart, and they're not terribly clean.  This contrast with the rest of the airport was pretty noticeable and disappointing.
3	Pros:Rocking Chairs everywhereA "spa" where you can get a quick massage,mani-pedi, or eyebrow waxA wine bar so after you get your mani-pedi you can get a quick drank!Free wireless accessAll in all not a bad airport..it's decently sized and pretty easy to navigate!
4	I've been flying in and out of this airport for more years than I care to think about, so it feels like home each time I'm there to fly, drop someone off or pick someone up.I remember when Douglas International was much smaller, similar to Greensboro or Raleigh, and have seen it expand quite a bit over the years.Of course, airports were much more fun back before the tragedy of 9/11. Prior to that, anybody could access the main concourses and the restaurants they have. Now, with access restricted to only those who have tickets, its much less exciting, but still a very nice airport, especially compared to places like Detroit, O'Hare in Chicago and McCarron in Vegas. It's pretty easy to navigate your way, and I love grabbing a beer before a flight at California Pizza Kitchen. I've had nothing but positive experiences in dealing with the people at Douglas.
3	While nothing spectacular, this airport gets the job done pretty quickly & quietly. I would consider this a walking airport, because the concourses are pretty spread out. So if you're on one end of the concourse, expect a lengthy walk to get anywhere.Like most airports, depending on the time of day, it can be either very busy or very empty. I've never had to wait long at the security checkpoint, but maybe I've just missed the rush. I'd suggest using the ticket kiosks instead of the real person behind the counters because the electronic kiosk is usually quicker if you aren't checking in any bags.One of the main problems with this airport is the parking. They don't have enough, especially during peak times of the year, & expect to pay a hefty daily fee once you do find a spot. I'd suggest getting someone to drop you off instead of leaving your car their if you have that option.So Charlotte Douglas won't impress you with shops, food, or service, but it also won't get in your way.
4	I like smaller airports, as it seems like you get better customer service when there's less competition and crowds. I've been in and out of this airport for years, both as a Charlotte resident and as a transfer hub, and I've never had a bad experience.My favorite airport moment at Charlotte-Douglass was when I returned late one night and had to get to my car, which was parked in the remote lot. I'd spent nearly all my money on the trip, so I was working on a wing and a prayer to be able to pay my fee to get out of the parking lot. When I got my stuff in the car and pulled up to the gate, it was standing open! Nobody was there! It was a Thanksgiving miracle! I drove on out and went home with three dollars still in my wallet!
5	I prefer the service at this airport to Laguardia or anywhere else to be honest.  It has that sweet southern hospitality vibe.  A lot of airports have smug employees, and I understand their pain, because it is a stressful job.  Dealing with delays and angry people can take a toll on a person.  No one has given me that feeling here.  They could have a better selection of restaurants, but I go to fly not to eat anyways.  I might like it too, because going out of town is always an exciting relief.  Nice patrons and employees all around.
4	Wine bar with monitors displaying departures.Check.Rocking chairs scattered throughout the terminals.Check.Gelato standCheck.Spa services while you wait for your flight.Check.I may just move in.
4	CLT is one of the nicer airports I've been in.  Years ago, before ever considering living in Charlotte, I flew through CLT on my way to Vegas (from Orlando).  I was very impressed by CLT's cleanliness, wide open spaces, and modern feel.  And we loved the look of having the row of white rocking chairs in the main terminal; it really created a friendly atmosphere.  My traveling friend and I both said, "Why don't we fly through Charlotte more often?"  Living here, now I understand why: unless you fly USAirways, you will most likely never fly through CLT.  USAirways has the monopoly on CLT and pretty much regulates the pricing on flights to and from Charlotte.  The airport has a nice collection of restaurant options, but I've often had very early morning or very late flights and been unable to enjoy them because they don't operate on the same schedules as all flights.  The airport could use a few more stores to occupy your time, too, but I guess that's all part and parcel of being an airport.  At least they have some bookstores and a couple of Starbucks.A few things that the airport does have the capacity to improve on, though, are (1) the baggage delivery, (2) the services outside of security, and (3) parking.  CLT has THE slowest baggage delivery I've ever seen an any airport.  Expect to wait 30-45 minutes for your bag.  If there are two of us traveling, one waits for the baggage while the other gets the car.  That way, we're not waiting an hour and a half, only 45 minutes.  If you're waiting at CLT for someone to arrive, there is NOTHING for you to do.  No restaurants, no shops, no nothing.  If their flight is delayed, you're out of luck, my friend.  You can wander upstairs to the ONE Starbucks, but then you have to fight the crowd of travelers vying for their place in line.  Plus, when you're waiting for someone, you get to wait near the baggage claim with no windows, depressing lighting, and a low ceiling.  How dreary.  And what a "first impression" that person gets.  Ick.  Lastly, the parking.  While it's nice that you can pay to park there pretty cheaply compared to other airports (it's up to $4 a day now), you'll wait for shuttle service to and from the airport.  Allow an extra 30-45 minutes onto your time.  Holidays are insane; you're lucky to find any parking at all.  And paying more for closer parking doesn't mean you have any faster shuttle service, so you might as well park farther out.  Recently, I got to the airport and a sign said, "All lots open."  However, when I got to the two main remote lots, they were both closed (even though I could see empty parking spaces).  There were no signs to the one open lot that I didn't even know existed (row "Z!"), but I happened to find my way there after trial and error.  I felt like I was parking in a field and I felt sorry for the person working the one toll booth there because they had no contact with civilization at all, no overhead in case it rained, and newspapers taped to the windows to allow some privacy and block the extreme sun from coming in.  Odd.  For a modern airport, the parking has a backwoods feel.Overall, I rate the airport high because it is much nicer than a lot of airports I've been to, but I had to take at least one star away because of the fixable problems they have.
4	Very sweet, quaint airport. Quite small but it does fly internationally.Very bright, well laid out, lots of spots to hook up your computer, rocking chairs through out, decent food court. The place was immaculate - quite shocking for the number of people rolling through there. The security screening was quite efficient and went quickly - nice change of pace!Once again - no checked baggage so I can report back on that experience.Get a flight routed through Charlotte - you'll enjoy it!
5	I hate to fly.  I really do.  It is ironic b/c I am a travel agent but flying makes my belly upset, so I really don't love it.  With all the travel I do and flying from Indy...I never have a nonstop ANYWHERE...unless I'm going to Chicago and often, I am suprised we don't "stop off' in South Bend....Anyway...Charlotte's airport is BY FAR the best airport I have ever flown through.  For one thing, they are great about keeping things on time unless a flight is delayed from somewhere else.  I know this is more the airline, but I have never been delayed here.They have great food and coffee places, shopping options and plenty of walking room through terminals.  And, my favorite are the huge open windows and rocking chairs to relax in while you are waiting for your next flight.  It is the "homiest" airport ever. :)It's updated, nice, clean and wonderful if there is such a thing!!  I highly recommend that if you have to have a layover, do your best to fly through Charlotte. :)
4	This place gets bigger every time I visit NC. I like it.+ Free WiFi. So I can work (I mean Yelp) while waiting for my flight. + There are bathroom attendants in the lady's room armed with Listerine, feminine products and mints. All I need is a pair of CFMs and some ambient music and I feel like I'm in the city again. + Food selection is not bad if you have to wait.+ I love the little chocolate shops.
3	Free WiFi everywhere in the airport!Cute rocking chairs in the main lobby. A few small shops.Mostly fast food restaurants. The non-fast food restaurants are spread pretty far and wide. It's a pretty good hike between concourses but there are walking sidewalks in places. Overall, it's an ok transfer point. Pack a lunch and sit a spell in the rocking chairs until your next flight.
3	Not a terrible airport....but not incredible either.The security lines are slow and tedious.  Keep in mind that there are multiple security checkpoints so don't think you need to use the one closest to your gate when the lines are long.The rocking chairs are a nice touch as well if you want to grab some Southern culture during a layover.
3	Well I've only flown in and out of here twice while visiting family during the holidays and I always go during "off peak" days in order to avoid the holiday rush.. but generally, I do like this airport.  I find it easy to navigate with decent food and a helpful staff.Works for me.
3	This is a very clean airport and loaded with places to eat and drink.  Plus the wireless internet was great as well
4	Layover?No problem.  Enjoy the oversized rocking chairs while partaking in a southern style breakfast of bacon, grits, eggs, biscuits, homefries for under $7.
4	I like this airport not only I have to go thro' almost everyweek to fly out.  I like their FREE internet.  (Not every airport is so generous).  TSA security is very reasonable though my luggage were stolen outside the airport a month ago while waiting for my son to pick up at departure level.  - Valet parking if you are in great hurry. - Affordable long term parking. - A cell phone lot where you can park and wait free. - Parking is free for the 1st 1/2 hour - Good food place and bars in every terminal. Watch out many passengers miss their flights by hanging out in the bars. - Many others such as shoes shine, massage, manicure, clothes and many others; of course the price is higher because it is inside the airport I know this airport every well as I fly out from here everywhere and it has been seven years now.
5	Now you may wonder why I am reviewing the CLT airport as you are probably saying "EF, you live in CLT". You see, I travel a lot and the CLT Airport is one of the best around. Why you ask? Well... Atmosphere - New feeling, clean, friendly, relaxed. Amenities - Cheap covered parking (as compared to other cities), covered parking in walking distance to airport, lots of food options (Bojangles, Tequileria, Chilli's), bathroom attendants, free Wifi (a big plus for which I only found in CLT and PIT) ,easy access to power, rocking chairs (near power access), and two US Airways lounges. Airlines - Mostly US Airways, as it is a hub. Presences by Delta, United, American Airlines is also noted. The plus for CLT-ians w/ US Airways dominance is that most flights are direct. Overall - As I sit here and wait for my international flight, I am reminded that while other airports are nice, like the new Detroit airport (they sell I-Pods from vending machines!), the CLT airport still rocks!
4	yeah. that's right.  I'm yelping a layover with 4 stars. CLT knows how to do a layover right! I found myself sitting on a rocking chair in the main terminal atrium, (note: go upstairs on the landing for a little more space and quite) listening to someone play on the grand piano below me, eating frozen yogurt from TCBY's new store called Yovana, and relaaaaaaaxing. And looking around, I was not the only person who seemed a little less stressed  in this tree lined terminal. Everyone seemed to soak in the great amenities and take advantage of the opportunity of able leg room and overhead space! This airport also offers some great food selections and shops so you can stock up on supplies for the next leg of your trip. If I need another layover, I'm booking it through CLT! hell yeah.
5	I get excited when I fly through CLT.  Nothing like hanging out in the white rocking chairs with your laptop on the free Wi-Fi.  :)  So many food choices.  Nice ladies in the restroom keeping it clean.  Plenty of people mover walkways when you are tired.  And I love to watch the little bar with the planes flying around it.  It's like heaven as an airport.  The only downfall I've found over the last year is it seems that flight delays are becoming more common.  Or perhaps I've just gotten unlucky.  Oh well, I've yet to spend the night here, so I can't complain.
3	My home airport, I have originated and terminated quite a few trips and it's given me the opportunity to compare CLT with others. Easy access for picking up and dropping off passengers, we also have relatively cheap covered and uncovered parking.CLT is a great airport if you have a layover. We naturally have the usual complement of Starbucks, but if you're here in the afternoon, make it a point to enjoy one our local Carolina beers. I really like the Carolina Blonde. If you can find one free, take a seat in one of the white rocking chairs where you will find plentiful power and free (and as near as I can tell, unfiltered) Wi-Fi.You can use any of the security lines because unlike many other airports, once you're through the security, you have access to all concourses - A through E. There are a few slidewalks here and there, but if you have to get from one to another, if you're walking keep an eye out for the electric carts. The higher number E gates are a LONG way from the atrium area. Having had the occasional E32 departure, I wonder why I'm even flying since it seems like I've walked to my destination already!Tips:- Rental car franchises are not located in the terminal - you do have to catch your company's shuttle bus. - There's not a smoking lounge inside the secure area. You have to go outside and follow the signs.- The statue outside is Queen Charlotte Mecklenburg, arm extended holding her crown.- There is an "elite" security line at the C security entrance. They are not specific to just US Airways. Any elite passenger is allowed to use it.- CLT doesn't yet have CLEAR or PDA boarding passes.- The ATM fees are steep if it's not your bank!
4	DEPARTING:I usually walk to the end by concourse E to go through security.  Most of the flights out of here are USAir, yet the security gate by the USAir counters don't seem to staff accordingly.  The wait times can differ by 30 minutes.ARRIVING:Baggage will always be late here. If you're being picked up at night, have your ride pick you up on the top level where the departures are. There are very few flights departing at night and this area is usually empty.CONNECTING/WAITING:There's enough to keep you occupied during a connection here. Most of the stores are lame and I don't know how you can have multiple outlets of Lids under one roof but they manage.The livelier bar is the Bacardi bar on Concourse D towards the international gates. It looks to be the airport singles scene.  There's also a locking 'family' bathroom right by it. This is sometimes used by boozy travelers who are looking for an easier alternative to the mile high club. I am certainly not promoting it but just letting you know it happens. I prefer the atrium bar for the people watching.Some of the public restrooms are staffed by attendants who solicit tips and maintain order, so bring your 1's and don't expect to run into your senator here. If you want to nap, the rotunda around the D gates again are usually the most vacant and should give you some space to spread out.  You also don't get the annoying beeping carts down here as much.  They do sweep the airport at night and make you leave the secured area so don't expect an overnight stay.  The airport is not in a nice area of town so all decent hotels are about a 15 minute drive.EATING:The restaurant lineup is constantly changing for better or worse.  The barbecue in the main atrium is an abomination.  My recommendation is the Bojangles which is on Concourse B.  They are even worse at math than most other Bojangles locations, so check your receipt or pay cash.
4	I was actually quite impressed by this airport.  Two things stood out for me:  their free wi-fi, which was surprisingly fast for being free; and the fact that they have restrooms (with personal attendants, which is a little weird at first) like every twenty feet.  Very nice place if you have to have a longish layover, or have a small bladder.  One of these days, I want to sit in one of those white rocking chairs they have in the main concourse, right across from the NASCAR store.
4	This was my first time at this airport. It was actually very nice and there are a ton of shops and restaurants to choose from. Like.....a lot! The nice hting is you can go to your gate and probably find a good restaurant right next to the gate so that you don't feel like youre going to miss the flight.I read another review about the baggage being late. I agree! I came from Jamaica and they let maybe 3 bags on the carousel, then 2 more and that was it for what seemed like forever. Maybe 20 minutes. Then nothing came out for another few minutes. This was maybe the worst part, but everything else was good.
5	Had a very pleasant layover here.  En route from CDG to SFO it was so nice to be able to sit in a rocking chair and watch the people go by!  The employees at security and check-in were friendly and genuine.   They also have the standards that most airports are supposed to have (Starbucks...hear that, SFO and PHL?) as well as a few expensive special specialty stores i.e. Brookstone that are nice to browse.   They also have a few relatively not-bad-for-you options like Wolfgang Puck Express and a few sandwich and salad and smoothie stops, and they are kind of spread out but the airport isn't huge so it's an easy walk between them.
4	If I had to have a layover, this was a nice place for it. Perhaps true to stereotypes of the south, the employees were all very friendly and kind in a way that seemed genuine. The concourses were clean, large and open, and they have ROCKING CHAIRS along the sides to relax in. !! SFO, you should hang your head in shame.
3	Not a bad airport.  You feel the humidity as soon as you walk off the plane.  The airport was pretty easy to get around (though it was quite busy during the day).  Also, there was free WiFi.  The other thing that I liked was that the food court had tables next to power outlets (so you could charge your laptop or iPhone while you eat).In terms of the eateries, you have your standard airport stuff (Chili's Too!, Burger King, Cinnabon, etc.).  Why is that Cinnabon only seem to be at airports?  If you are looking for something a little more local, you can try out Bojangles' here, which is a Southeastern fast food fried chicken chain--similar to a Popeyes.The airport does not have much character.  I also had a long delay on the runway (though I'm not sure if that was just an unusual circumstance).  I connected here from L.A. to Fort Lauderdale.
4	Since I travel almost exclusively with US Airways, CLT (their main hub) is a frequent stop and I've been flying in/out of there for roughly 4 years now.Planes usually run smoothly here no matter what section of the airport I'm flying out of.  I've gone both domestic and international without a hassle.  If you have status with US Airways the fast track on the security line is a god send.The restaurants are good with some lively bars.  The airport itself has a very open feel to it, littered with comfortable rocking chairs should you ever want to sit a spell.  Shopping's decent if you're into that sort of thing.  It could do with more electrical outlets for the business travelers, but otherwise it's a solid place.
3	Rocking chairs in the airport?? !  An entire row of them!   What an interesting and distinguishing feature.   Also, each area is lined with various eateries, including CPK and Burger King.  Unfortunately, I dined on the latter instead of the former, because I didn't see it in time and was rushing to connect to a flight.
5	This is my home airport and everytime I do have to fly somewhere, I can always expect to look forward to a quick check-in. I kinda cut it close last weekend though. I had a 7:55am flight to Kansas City and didn't get off to work until 6:30am, traveling from South Carolina, south of the Ballantyne area. I made it to the airport at 7:05am, parked in Long Term Parking (which has always been pleasant, except for the few times that I had to go find my car....but that's completely on me, haha), missed a shuttle bus, but another one pulled in not even two minutes later...got to the terminal, printed my pass in the self check in kiosk, and got in the line to get through security. It appeared to be kinda long, but I got through in less than 5 minutes. I was sitting in front of my gate for Kansas City at 7:25am. Now if that aint quick, I don't know what is. The beauty of Charlotte-Douglas Airport is it's US Airways main hub, so you can get several nonstop flights to the big cities in the country (LA, Miami, Chicago, Las Vegas, NYC, San Francisco, Seattle, Atlanta, and the list goes on). I also just found out that Charlotte has nonstop service to Paris and will begin nonstop service to Honolulu and Rio de Janeiro (all on US Airways). The free Wi-Fi is always sweet if you need something to do to kill some time. There are plenty of places to eat from your standard fast food chains to some nice bars and restaurants.As a New York City native, I couldn't stand the hassles of JFK, LaGuardia and Newark. I can get to wherever I need to in the country from Charlotte and it has never been a hassle.
4	airport looked clean and nice, and free wifi. anywhere that has free wifi is cool with me.eric b
4	What a charming airport. I'm not kidding.  You can plug in your laptop and work  ... in a rocking chair!  The cashiers say "God bless." And I watched a friendly volunteer chaplain greet a woman with a camo backpack, to tell her all about the airport USO.  And don't miss the NASCAR shop!
3	I don't remember checking the personal preference box when I created my itinerary with US Airways for "I plan to be gluttonous during December, please offer exercise opportunities," but I'm guessing I must have.  I ended up having to walk from the butt end of Terminal E to the butt end of Terminal C to catch my connection.  With no Five Guys in sight the entire way, I might add.Um.  Thank you, I guess?As far as brief layovers go, CLT is pretty painless.  It's readily navigable with far superior signage to some other airports I've been through recently (MIA, I'm looking at you!).  However, it seems like there's some maintenance work that needs to be taken care of in the form of out of service escalators and moving walkways.Bonus points go to the free Google-provided wi-fi, which was easy to connect to and seems to offer some solid bandwidth.
5	Perhaps you could argue that no airport deserves a five.  I would probably agree.  However, in comparing it with all the other airports that I have flown through in the past few years Charlotte-Douglas continues to be a pleasurable stress free place to connect.  I connect through here often and choose it (if I can) over other places to connect through.  What makes it so nice?  Well I have tried to sum it up like this:1 The people:  Maybe it's the South.  I don't know.  But the people here all seem to be pretty nice, even the people at customs.  I was in an awful mood the last time I went through customs here and the lady that checked me through was just so super nice and cool it really made what can be a traumatizing experience (IE Dulles) a pleasurable one.  Everybody just seems to have taken their happy pills or something.  I never have one of those rude traveler encounters here ever.  The food service people and airport staff all seem to be very nice as well.  They are efficient and quick but they have this laid back calm friendly vibe that is nice to be around.2  The building itself:  This airport is relatively new.  It is clean and well designed and gets a lot a light.  The central food court area is nicely arranged and there is plenty of seating.  There are rocking chairs to sit where you can enjoy (what I think is free) wi-fi.  There are ample outlets everywhere to plug in your computer too. [If you don't have a computer you can rent one.] There is TONS of NATURAL LIGHT in this main area as well.   It really is quite pleasant when you compare it to most other airports on the planet.3. Getting around is super easy on the people movers that go everywhere.  They have them any time there is a long distance that you would have to walk.  Outstanding!4 Lot's of Air Clubs5 They have a Jamba Juice!!!What more could you want from an airport (that you could realistically end up getting)?
4	Perhaps I'm a little biased since i flew out of the horrid La Guardia airport this morning, but this airport is awesome!Free wi-fi (a rarity in airpots), a comfortable food court, and an overall modern clean-looking appearance makes my layover more bearable.
4	So lovely to visit this airport!  I adore the huge open center with huge windows in the middle of the terminals that you will most likely see if you are hitting a connection - but you will see it quickly and at an interesting speed!I love the white rocking chairs, they remind me of being in the Philadelphia Airport.  Also, we NEED to talk about the bathrooms...they have bathroom attendants here. WHAT?!?!  I felt like I was at the really nice nightclub of airports.  I was confused when she was there with mints and hairspray askin: "Hey Darlin, how is your trip going?" - UMMMM AND YOU ARE A Sweetheart?  So lovely!!  Love this touch.  It was a nice addition to the very clean bathrooms and airport overall. I have only been through this airport quickly so I hope my next layover is a little longer so that I can walk around instead of literally running through.  However, be careful of what you wish for - watch next time I will get stuck =( ::crosses fingers::I really do wish all airports were as lovely...i mean why wouldn't you create a nice structure if you know everyone from all over the world are going to be frequenting it?!?  Common sense to me if you ask.
4	This airport is pretty easy to navigate. The longest we had to wait was when we were getting our luggage. There are a wide range of shops and restaurants here from local chains to national chains and anything in between. Concourse B & C are recommended if you want wait in a shorter long through security. We breezed through the airport rather quickly.
3	Wonderful food and shopping available, but why does the restroom have a valet in it taking tips?  This isn't a European nightclub.
3	Busy and confusing. It's a nice and large open space filled with many escalators and walking escalators. The people are friendly and do try their best to help. Every terminal/section has a special desk where people who have missed their flights can go to rebook and/or get on standby flights. Unfortunately, the customer service desks cannot handle situations where there is a large number of people who need help. The lines can get absolutely ridiculous!! Overall, a relatively comfortable area (for an airport) with plenty of food options.
4	I had a layover in Charlotte and was really impressed with this airport! Even though its on the larger side, it is well organized and fairly easy to get around. Plus, the food options there are  a-maz-ing. There were so many options!
3	After LAX, ATL and other huge airports, CLT is a breeze. They have decent shopping and food options including a large atrium with rocking chairs and tables for those lay overs and delays.The over flow parking can get crazy, but they do offer a valet option, which is great!
5	My love for this place just keeps going up!Again, mouthwash in little cups for me waiting in the restrooms...sigh...lovely!Amazing restaurant selections and everywhere, yes everywhere, in this place is CLEAN!!!!
3	The airport is okay as far as large hub airports go. However, the security checkpoint is small with a pretty bad bottle neck for screening. I found this to be a bit slow and crowded more space would have been appreciated and made this a more pleasent experience. On the upside baggage claim divisions were well spread out to prevent crowding with good signage and listings of where to go for your particular flight.  The fountain outside by the ground transport sites makes a nice view while waiting for your ride or shuttle.Overall okay airport, not bad or great, just okay.
4	The airport is bigger than it looks from the outside. Fast check-in at the ticket counter and pretty seamless through the gate. All the employees seemed in a good mood. There are lots of places to sit and relax before your flight. Definitely use the moving sidewalks...especially if you are flying out of Gate E. Be prepared to walk a while to get there. The baggage claim area has a good system going as long as you familiarize yourself with the zones. You can also easily tell the person that picks you up which zone you'll be at on the outside. Convenient and organized airport! Yay CLT!
3	About US AIRWAYS LOUNGE in terminal C.Crowded, and not exclusive. There must be some kind of state law regulating this place, because you can't serve yourself alcohol. There is a crowded bar with loud people making it unpleasant to sit down and relax before my long flight. And I got IDed, which makes no sense.Chairs and couches are not very comfortable. But I'll give it 3 stars because the staff around the room are very nice, and always smile at me when they go by.
5	I love this airport!  It's the most accessible major airport  in my area. It's cheap to fly out of, and a pleasure to spend a few hours in - seriously! Wireless is FREE, a major plus for any airport. There are tons of shops, cheap and expensive food, lots of walkways, rocking chairs...pretty much anything you would want in an airport. Staff tend to be competent, good Southerners - polite and helpful.Long-term parking is easy to access and reasonably priced, and the staff is really helpful. I've had two good experiences with long-term parking. After parking my car for nine days in December 2008, my car refused to start. Within ten minutes, a mechanic was there to jump my engine free of charge. When I flew into there a few weeks ago, I had forgotten where my car was parked, and what my full plate number was. But with a vague description for customer service, they quickly gave me my car's location.The first security checkpoint sometimes gets backed up, but there are four different checkpoints and one of them is usually pretty speedy.My only complaint is that it's confusing to find and get out of, but I'm real bad with directions, so that might just be me. Overall, this is a great airport with a terrific staff and environment! I wish it were not three hours away.
3	This is an okay airport, and I can only say this because I have had connecting flights through Charlotte Douglas on my way to Brasil. What makes this airport better than others is that they offer free wifi, but a deserted airport really is not my cup of tea.
3	Very nice airport if you have time to loiter before you flight.  Free Wi-Fi, nice rocking chairs, decent restaurant selections, good shops.  BUT, this airport is NOT made for those with tight connections.  Its spider layout makes it problematic if you get in at a high B gate and have an E gate departure.  RUN don't walk if you have less than 20 minutes to board your next flight.  You may even want to wear a pair of Depends so you can just soil yourself to save time.  I also think it's awkward having bathroom attendants.
3	There is a Bojangles here now!  The internet is free!  2 more stars for you Charlotte-Douglas. Your layout is still HORRENDOUS, and the number of times your planes change their designated gates is unprecedented.  But you are slowly improving.
2	On my first trip to Charlotte, I noticed right away that there's really nowhere in the city you can't reach within 15 minutes. Absolutely anywhere. However, when walking around the CLT airport, any place you need to be is easily a 20 minute walk - if not longer.The layout of CLT is terrible. The "spokes off a hub" concourse design may have worked  a couple decades ago, but the space has just become over crowded. It also doesn't help when people who have no concept of the world around them will stop walking right in front of you. Then, in an attempt to get around them you're side-swiped by an electric cart for the 27th time. The concourses themselves were a bit outdated, crowded, and felt like it had minimal air conditioning. Food selection all around was fried stuff or really good smelling BBQ, but had a good breakfast at the Nascar restaurant.The one thing going for this place is the hospitality and friendliness of the employees - for the airport, TSA, airlines, and even restaurants. If you as much as give them a smile and a "thanks much" they're beyond willing to go the extra mile for you. This was great since we had maintenance issues with our Delta flight. They booked us onto USAirways to make it right and gave us the direct flight back to DEN with 1st Class seats.The rocking chairs in the atrium were a nice touch. Since we had 9 hours to kill, it was good to kick back, recharge our laptops, and play drinking games - anyone in a straw hat, and any electric cart is one drink.
4	It feels kinda funny being a fan of an airport, as no one really enjoys waiting in one, but hey, let's do it.CLT is one of those airports that is clean and straight forward but it really helps to know a few tips and tricks so you don't pull out your hair when you're waiting in line behind 26 teenagers who refuse to take their game systems out of the bag for security screening. Parking here is pretty affordable, I'm fairly certain that Daily Parking is still only $6 per day, and long term is $4 per day (thanks Bill F.!). Coming from a Chicago native, that is ridiculously affordable. Once you head in, evaluate your security options. If you're a seasoned traveler, I recommend checkpoint A. It moves the fastest and its typically flooded with well-traveled business peeps. Oh, and really you can go through any security checkpoint and easily access your gate. That is, unless you're flying out of Gate E...prepare for a trek. To Faith D.'s point - use the moving sidewalks, but do offer the courtesy of moving to the side and letting walkers pass. If you've got some spare time, there are some cute little shops and restaurants around the 'port and tons of conveniently located ATMs. They also have a delicious little gelato place. So, yes, I can honestly say that I kinda like this airport. Yay for the QC!
3	This airport is ok.  The thing is there is only one elite line, hidden at C.  So if you are elite, regardless of what gate you are supposed to end up at, go there if there are lines.  This is a very inconsistent airport in terms of business.  Sometimes the lines are backed up like no other.  And other times you can get through security in 3 minutes.  Inside they have a lot of moving walkways and nice restaurants to eat in whether it's the food court or various restaurants throughout the restaurant.  The biggest problem though after the weird security layout is the distance between some of the gates.  If you have to go from A to E give yourself a good 10-15 minutes.  It's far.
4	CLT is a great airport (not just because I live here) but it really has everything an airport should have: Free Wifi and a local brewery inside. Cheers!
3	I have a couple questions...1. Why do some of the US Airways terminals smell like pee?2. Why do I feel like a drunk one legged baby with Alzheimer's could move people thru security faster than their current staff?For the most part the airport is easy to navigate, has plenty of food options, free wifi, and even some rocking chairs for you to sit back with a glass o' sweet tea and watch the planes go by. I also thought the fountain greeting you outside when you exit the airport was quite lovely.But charm checks itself at the door when you're standing in line at the slowest moving security entrance ever and scurrying by urine smelling gates. I read there are attendants in the ladies' room - all I got was a janitor making sure I flushed my pee. Um, was I supposed to pee on the carpet outside B6?
4	When on the road and flying to many cities on the East Coast, I always chose CLT over PHL or even PHX at times do to a multitude of reasons which are listed below:- A lot less busy then PHL-Immigration and customs are a breeze compared to other major gateways like PHL, EWR, JFK, MIA etc....-Hub for USAirways-Lots of great little restaurants and a couple of USAir clubs-ROCKING CHAIRS! How cool is that? -Weather does not seem to affect this airport as much as others... ahem PHL-Free WIFI! Thanks CLT for being an awesome airport to transit through. Now if only USAIr could improve their service.
2	I can't stand this airport.  They put all of the feeder flights at the opposite end of the airport from the longer run flights making it a 1/2 to 3/4 mile jog.  The food court is the best part of this airport, the US Air clubs aren't bad either, free alcohol!The US Air passenger service agents are complete jerks.  I can say that as I used to work for US AIr and actually tried to help people.
5	If I end up with flight difficulties (as I usually do) and know that I'm going to end up with a long layover, this is where I'll try to land it. This airport is like being in a huge, really nice mall- only the annoying people are usually foreign rather than teenagers (no offense to foreigners or teenagers).There are these cute little rocking chairs around to sit in, and they're near outlets so big bonus there if you have a laptop. It's very southern and comforting, but not necessarily like the drink :)I feel that it's pretty easy to navigate through here, and they have the nice lit up maps to give you an idea of where everything is which is nice when you have a craving for a Cinnabon. Flights are cheap through here too and worth the trip if you're a couple hours away. I'll definitely be coming back.
3	This would get such a good review if it weren't for a strong negative or two.Overall, it's good.  Quite a few food options.  D and E Terminals are pretty nice (A and B, also, if I can remember correctly?).  The Mexican place in the Food Court isn't that bad.No experience with security, parking, or check-in, tho, since it's always a connection from CHA or TYS.Now, the two things that really are irritating:  Why do I ALWAYS have to fly in on Runway R18?!?!?  It takes a friggin' fortnight to taxi to the D or E gates from here.  Uggghhhhh.The other is the distance between terminals.  E gates are spread out like crazy, and if you're walking from A to E or something similar, then good luck.Fortunately, if you fly US more often than DL, you connect here instead of ATL.  Charlotte doesn't get as many random storms, and the airspace/runway traffic isn't as bad, so delays aren't as likely as they are down in the A.  Unfortuantely, if I fly out of here back to CHA and a flight gets cancelled, I'm probably stuck for the night, as I could hop on a shuttle van if flying in ATL instead :/  Oh well.
3	I would say that out of the two major airports in North Carolina (CLT and RDU), I'm actually more fond of CLT.Food area is right in the middle between all of the concourses, and that's probably your best area.   The concourses are by far nothing compared to ORD so it's actually decent sized.One of the negatives though is long-term parking.  I had morning flight and was early by my two hours and I started circling the only supposedly available lot (that was open).   After circling ten minutes and noted all of the vehicles that were parked not only on sides, but on grass areas, I have to say that they need to open up more lots or actually track the number of spots.   I didn't even get a spot until early morning flights were getting in and leaving the lot.   That's not a good sign for parking.
3	One of the better airports to transfer in from Boston to Daytona Beach. I've generally found that everyone here is friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice place to sit down and rest during a layover. Good selection of food and shopping to keep someone busy for a while.
4	ITS HUGE.  yes thats what she said.  I feel like I walk for days.  Thank god for all the comfortable rocking chairs everywhere so that I can have a kip by the window while I wait for my layover.Also they happen to have a plethora of healthy food options.  Not just auntie annes, and cinnabon.  I found a fantastic smoothie place next to a fresh text mex place in the US air terminal.  Prices are good considering its the south.When I flew out of here to go to Paris, the experience was seamless, and reminded me of leaving from JFK.  (internationally is far superior than my experiences at Logan).  This wouldnt be my first choice airport to connect to, but the power supplies are abundant, and the food choices are endless.  If you get laid over, its not such a bad place to wind up.Oh FREE wifi too.  :)
3	It is OK, connecting flights can be a challenge.
3	Bathrooms smell bad but there's free wifi.  Food options are ok, I got a bagel w/ egg & cheese for $5.Looks like an older airport.  Lots of old, white, Southern people.  The free wifi made me happy, will not mind flying through again.
2	One of my least favorite airports.  The flights I end up taking into Charlotte (e.g., STL to PHF) invariably seem to have me jumping across a few terminals to make my connection.  You'd think the situation would be improved by the huge number of moving walkways connecting the different gates, but there is NOTHING more infuriating than being stuck behind a family of four blocking the entire walkway, or someone slowly trudging along on the left.For god's sake, people: Just like on the road, pass on the left, walk on the right.  There are people in this airport, obviously not you, that are in a HURRY.Can't speak much to the food and drink options here.  The selections seem plentiful.  US Airways was friendly to me here, too, when a flight was canceled back home.  They shuttled me to a nearby hotel -- I forget where -- and covered both my transportation and lodging for the night.  Good work, guys.
4	I think CLT is "a lot" better than many airports I've frequented.  I've been in and out a dozen times within the last year and have had few troubles.My favorite aspects:- Cheap parking, $6/day for daily with a short bus ride, $4/day for long term.  The bus drivers are the friendliest people in the airport too.  Always cheerful, even on holidays.- Easy to get to.  It takes no time to get to CLT and traffic flow is phenomenal.  I used to live in Chicago and getting to O'Hare was often a nightmare and definitely an hour commitment.- Relatively short security lines.  I think the ones on the ends are fastest - D & A I believe.- Copious dining and shopping opportunities and rocking chairs add some entertainment.- The Queen fountain outside is cool.- Bathroom attendants (they are always so friendly, hand you paper towels, and have even offered me mouth wash).Downsides:- The typical airport headaches such as security and the rest of the "herd" (other travelers).- U.S. Airways- Due to U.S. Airways hubbing here, a lot of your fellow travellers are just passing through CLT and you often overhear phone conversations of people complaining about being stuck in the middle of nowhere.
2	Had a layover here recently coming in from an international destination. Customs wasn't too bad, basically waved us through. But we had to exit to the main terminal and re-go thru security, which is freaking insane! We had an 80 minute lay over and I think we only got to the plane with 20 minutes to spare - they were already boarding. ugh!
3	Not too big, not too small and they have free wi-fi. Not that I used it on this last visit. However, I used to live in Charlotte and sat in one of the white rocking chairs in the main terminal were all food choices are on many an occasion. There are a decent amount of shops/food to distract. The security line was totally inefficient, slow and basic crap. Plus the fact that US Airways has a strangle hold on this airport makes it an expensive place to fly out of. It is OK. Its size makes it manageable. I didn't care for their customs/immigration/recheck process the last time I flew, but I know in the past it has been an OK option if I have to use it.
5	I love this place! Mainly because it's my name and I finally got to buy key chains with my name on it!  I spent over $100 at the gift shop when I had a lay over here.  This is the only airport I know that has Rocking Chairs in their lobby!
3	mid-tier airport...welcome for layover.
3	It's clean and pleasant with many white rocking chairs along all of the concourses. Zero issues going from one side of the airport to the other and there's a food court in the center. My major complaint is the bathroom attendants. Is this a club? Can't you just have a hand dryer and leave me alone? I'm not going to tip you a buck bc you handed me a paper towel. Yes, I'm cheap and we're in a recession!
3	I like this airport. I had a stopover from Toronto to Miami and it was very easy finding our next gate without feeling like we were making our way through a maze. The food places were pretty decent (surprised to see Manchu Wok!), I just wish I had had more time between stopovers to explore this airport more.The white rocking chairs were different and pleasantly surprising. It's also quite funny to see the people who sit in them--like a gangster-type guy on his laptop, rocking back and forth.
5	the rocking chairs in the middle is pretty neat. very southern... only airport/place in the tri-state area that has jamba juice.free wifi if I remember correctly...
4	Coming from Chicago and "enjoying" (ha) O'Hare and Midway for years, I really enjoy flying in and out out of Charlotte (CLT). While many of my flights still take me back to Chicago, I can't help but enjoy the simplicity of CLT. Security line? What security line I say. Those of you who travel a lot know what I mean. Frequently you can walk right up the the security person and show the pass and ID. Sometimes there's a line, but it moves quickly. Rarely do I show up earlier than one hour to the airport. I'm a check in online, go and park, security line to boarding person. No waiting around and airport for me. CLT allows me to do this while other airports do not. Parking is cheap too...$6/day.
4	Despite flying here on US Airways (more about them later), it's a nice layover. Free wi-fi, big bathrooms and a very nice sports bar in the E concourse make this one a winner. A couple of negatives: A carpeted concourse makes rolling your bag an effort, plus it looks horrible (bring 10,000 people to your carpeted house and see what it looks like). Also, having to go outside for your airplane on occasion isn't nice when it's raining, or if you want to keep your hearing. Not good or bad but weird was having a bathroom attendant. I've never seen it before in an airport. Glad to get a mint, but unexpected.
3	I think its generally kind of an average airport.Pros: CHEAP parking (I'm comparing to Chicago though so...eh), fairly quick to check in.Cons: Sometimes a super long and SLOW  line for security.  I also sometimes resent the fact that the food place closest to the big US Airways terminal (in B I think) is a Bojangles.  Now I enjoy Bojangles as much as the average person, which is to say once and a while I hope.  But I've been doing a bit of flying over the past few months and sometimes I'm like you know, I would like to not hike halfway across the airport for a deli sandwich.  This flight, I would like not to smell like fried chicken for an hour and a half.
4	Pretty nice airport.  We were only there for 2 short layovers, but we did have the opportunity to try Bojangles chicken (late night....flight delayed) - it tasted good at the time!  Like the rocking chairs too--seems other people really enjoy them as there was rarely one open.
3	I like this airport. It's small but once you get past security all gates are accessible from a central space, which means you don't have to say good-bye to friends flying on a different airline. This airport also has some decent stores and restaurants. I love the cool white rocking chairs but they are very popular. Grab one if you can! Also, of you land in the day time look out the window to enjoy the view of hills, trees and pretty buildings.
4	I like how all the restrooms have attendants, so they are always really clean!
3	Pretty efficient as far as airports go. Usually an hour preflight is good depending on where you're going. I generally fly us airways and have never encountered a problem with anything. Smooth lines for security and I recommend going through the d/e checkpoint as it almost always seems to be less congested and quicker than it's counterparts!  Happy flying :)
4	I think most people have a litmus test or two for airport.  Mine is free wifi and how long it takes to get from where you land to where you get picked up.  (Because my home airport is DIA, where it takes a solid 35 minutes, blech.)So the free wifi here wins me over!  but it's also pretty small and easy to navigate.Extra special magnum bonus points?  The rocking chairs.  God I love rocking chairs in an airport.  Especially when they're next to so so many outlets.  They just make people look relaxed, and feel relaxed.  I wish there were even more throughout the terminals.
3	I like layovers at CLT. I actually wish I could have them here instead of some other airport that shall remain nameless...::coughATLcough:: I've only had layovers, but from what I could tell, the airport is not that big. But medium airports are definitely not bad in my book. It is actually very welcoming, especially when they have as good amenities as CLT. So where CLT lacks in size, it definitely makes up in character. There are rocking chairs all around the airport, which is great to just sit and break from the hustle and bustle of travel. It is very clean and bright with natural light. It kind of adds to the pleasant, relaxing mood. There are delicious food options and cute shops to browse. Flights typical depart on time and connecting luggage makes it to its final destination. For an airport, it has a relaxing vibe which is much appreciated :-)
4	In 2009, it was the 11th busiest airport in the US and the 24th busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic.I really enjoy flying in and out of here.Super clean.Lots of terrific food choices.Plenty of places to hang out.Even some decent places to shop if you need to kill some time.Easy to get to and from different gates.Love the rocking chairs.Anything else?
3	I'm a pretty big fan of airports... I like to see how they are planned and figuring out the layout.  It's interesting to see an old airport with a bunch of additions to it and how it evolves to serve its city.Charlotte-Douglas is ok in that it is an international airport and large enough to pretty much fly anywhere.  It helps that it is a US Air hub, but it also hurts that it's a hub since it seems like it's pretty expensive to fly in and our of Charlotte.I've always praised their long term parking since it seems well done, and I use it a lot when I travel for business.  However the last time I planned on leaving my car in long term, all the lots were closed and I had to park in the daily lot (which isn't too much longer), but the stress of driving around trying to find a spot was a bit much on top of trying to give enough time for checking in and security.They do have the new body scanners installed (within the last year I think) but now all the controversy has sprung up about the technology.  I kinda get creeped out thinking about what kind of imagine I am putting up on the screen and who is looking at it-but I did it this last trip.  Hopefully it doesn't have adverse health effect because that would be bad - I'd start opting for the "pat down" instead.
5	For being a smal city Charlotte has a pretty effcient Airport. I fly alot due to work and big on a Airport now. Its clean the Custmer Service is decent better than most ecspecially CLEVELAND! Never the less, its a great overall good airport. Parking is great, cheap too. Decent places to eat variety and security checkpoint is breeze comapred to most. Lastly this place has THE BEST USO EVER!!  I have been to many USO's and this place just is so GREAT!! The volunteers make this place feel like home its awesome!!  I had a horrible flight into Charlotte  and I havent had sleep in over 26 hours. I was about dead and crawling into the USO.  The Genleman graciously took me to this Dark Library room they have with a nice big couch and lazyboys, He turned off the lights and gave me a nice cozy blanket.  He told me tell when you want to wake up and we will wake you up when its time for your flight.  As soon as I hit the Couch with that blanket I was OUT!!  He graciously woke me up to let me know it was time for my flight to start boarding.  Please go by and donate to this USO. They DESERVE THE WORLD!! They provide so much for us. Its Awesome! He litterally saved me with this nap and dark room.
4	For a "Small" airport, CDI sure does make a killing. It has to be one of the busiest airports on the east coast just because it services US Airways, like fo real.Some Drawbacks:-Only 3 security checkpoints-Continental's 2 gates are about the farthest from the checkpoint-Daily parking shuttle seems like it comes once every half hour.That's about it.Why I don't mind it:-Cheap daily parking-Delicious BBQ stand inside-Checkpoint lines tend to get long, but move real fast.-$25 cab ride from uptown.-Drive thru the hood to get there.CDI gets two thumbs up from this guy. Just move the continental gate closer please!!!!
3	can't say much about this one. Flown in here twice for connections and didn't have time to really explore. I sorta found this place to be like atlanta, big hub for us air, so it was crowded and lots of flights everywhere. Wouldn't mind paying another visit sometime, just no need to go there at the moment.
4	First things first, if it wasn't for Jim (my GPS which I've named as part of the family), I would never find this airport. Mostly because I'm not familiar with the area but also because airports tend to be hidden away even though their main purpose is, in fact, for people to find them and fly away from them. Aside from that, I find this airport a little deceiving. I've been to some SMALL airports (Bangor, Maine. Moncton, New Brunswick.) and I assumed, when walking into this one, that it was small like the previous ones mentioned. So I walk through security (more like shuffle considering the traffic and security procedures), which I might add, are thorough and friendly, and I come to this whole new DIMENSION! The size of this airport is hidden until you cross security, then it's a playground (so to speak). I do like this airport a lot. I can shop (lets be serious, airport stores do have some great things), eat, lounge and board planes. The place has ALMOST everything I need! The only thing I hate about the airport (and most airports) is that the wifi isn't free. So pick up a magazine prior to arriving because you'll need it to keep occupied. Unless you're a people watcher, in which case, knock yourself out!
3	I've been to many airports in my life and this one is one of the ones I don't care much for. First of all if you aren't looking for this ariport you would never find it because its in the cut. Then the departure and arrival drop off/pick up areas are too small/short and are ALWAYS extra crowded. Then you have these fake traffic directors trying to direct traffic only making matters worse. Then they don't want you waiting so they make you drive around or go to their "cell phone waiting area" which is really just another circle that you drive in, because there is no where for you to actually park, so if you are picking someone up I suggest you make sure they are ready before you get there, otherwise you are gonna waste a lot of gas.The lines are usually long in the security area because they only have like 3 security lines in the first place (which by the way is dumb) and it seems like no matter when you go this airport is always super busy; which i don't understand being that its small. They do have good food here but its no cheaper than any other airport, so if you're like me you are not trying to spend $20 on a burger or $3 on a bottle of water. It is clean though so I'll give them that....
4	We were dreading traveling during Thanksgiving but this airport was a pleasure to go in and out of once again... No problems (knock on wood) with baggage arriving in a timely manner, a quick and easy pick-up and drop-off from friends,  and extremely friendly employees both from the woman working in the ladies room, the people that helped check us in, and the security people... it was a nice reminder of what Southern Hospitality is all about!Bummed that I missed the rocking chairs again - I'll have to be more observant next visit!
3	Comfortable airport even with security measures changing every 13 seconds.  There seems to be lots of different places to eat while your waiting for your next flight which is always a good thing.  Free WiFi is a plus.  But still when it comes down to it...it's just an airport.  Overpriced and everyone's IQ (mine included) seems to drop by about 20 points.  Ohhh!!!  $30 headphones that are sure to break and a $7 bag of chips!
1	OMG this is the slowest AIRPORT i have been to in the last 12 months.I have been in to 15 different Airports in the US in the last 12 months.
3	This is the first time I have been to this airport.  We had a layover on our way to Jamaica.  It was clean and pretty well laid out.Because of security and our desire to have control of our bags, we had to leave the security area and re-enter.  Hey, we didn't have anything else to do. We dined at a place that had microwaved breakfast bagels.  It was all right.The airport is beautiful on the inside.  Things were clean and tidy.  We had a delay leaving, but it was weather related and I suppose beyond the airport's control.
3	Friendly, easy going, they didn't have room in the plane but let me try to stuff it above my head, people were obv a lot nicer then at the NYC airport, they were effcient.Free wifi always makes my day too. :)
3	For some reason - I was expecting the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport to be smaller than it is - in any case, the Airport was way colder than it should have been. I had to wear my winter coat the entire time I was in the Airport during my layover.As Tu-Van and others have noted - there are lots of rocking chairs throughout the Airport - I thought this was a neat touch.As Kevin. L. mentions - I too had a long journey through the Airport from what I recall was Terminal C all the way over to Terminal E.  For a moment I thought I was in DFW.My gate was E32 - the farthest, last gate. The Airport offers free Wifi.
3	No problems. Very crowded. Food selection was actually pretty decent! I was surprised. Not too big of an airport either.Was here for a layover to go from NYC to LAX. The gift shops in the A wing don't have shot glasses.Also, the gift shop in the A wing has the same Rub-in BBQ Powder for 4.99, while another one at the other end of the terminal has it for 7.99... So do your shopping carefully.
4	Seriously? People write reviews of airports? As if you had some choice about which airport to spend 3 hours in ...As they go, Charlotte Douglas is good. With snow on the ground this Christmas, they got their act together and brined the runways or whatever so that airplanes can take off, keeping delays/cancellations down. TSA staff here has been warm and courteous even while sending us through backscatter full body x ray machines.No shortage of Starbucks or food, and even a Body Shop, wine bar, and airport spa. Plenty of outlets for charging and connected terminals behind security checkpoints. I'd choose Charlotte over ATL or GSO any day if I had a choice, which (face it), I usually don't.
4	I have been to many airports growing up all over the east coast and I think as airports go Charlotte Douglas is way above average compared to other airports. There is always plenty of flights going to anywhere you may want to go. It also seems like the prices are much better flying out of charlotte than other areas, particularly in North Carolina. I find it always to be easy to fly out of Charlotte. I have always been in and out with plenty of parking at a fair rate ( even though it keeps going up in the last five years). They have plenty of shops and restaurants and the bathrooms are always clean. They are the only airport I know of that has bathroom attendants in the men's restrooms.
4	Oh goodness I have spent a LOT of time in this airport. Living in New Orleans means flying through other cities with bigger airports quite often, and Charlotte-Douglas International is one of the nicer ones that I get to frequent. This airport is pretty large, but has moving sidewalks that help you get a little boost while going from terminal to terminal. The entire place is clean and sparkly, like new. There are many shops including food options, toy stores, etc. I think there is any type of store that you could want. So, if you're stuck in North Carolina with a long layover you can have a great meal, do some shopping, and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane.
2	What a cluster
4	This is actually one of my favorite airports...especially if you have a lot of time to kill between flights. There are great food options all over the airport, plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while. The business center is great in a pinch, too!
3	I'm really torn about this airport. I want to like you for the free wifi, the rocking chairs, and the almighty - BOJANGLES BISCUITS!!But i hate you for your slow customs line that made me run to my connecting flight narrowly making it (yet my bags did not!), the lack of duty free stores in my terminal, and otherwise lame retailers. if it werent for Bojangles, I would have given this airport 2stars.
4	CLT you are always clean and pretty and fabulous! The bags are usually up in a reasonable amount of time, no issues ever. Joy was the day CLT turned non-smoking! I love the Shuttle Personnel who never want you to wait for a shuttle. Both long term and short term parking shuttles wait at the same spot. If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting, they will always come over and make sure the short bus you need is on the way! Thanks guys!! You are super duper!!
3	Never checked in here so cannot comment about the security but the place is really clean and seem to have a lot of food options and i like the main food plaza.  it is very open and feels welcoming, somehow.It is a large airport considering it is a hub so the terminals are a bit spread out but it is easy to get around with the moving walkways. Definitely wouldn't be against making a transfer through here again. It's not MIA or ATL.
4	My first extended brush with CLT airport came several years ago when a late takeoff from Roanoke caused me to miss my connection and left me stranded in the Charlotte terminal waiting area for the night. I ended up staying up all night with 3 fellow passenger gals and doing sunrise tai chi, but I assume this is not a typical experience.Since then I have had several more representative encounters with CLT and I must say that the word that characterizes it best is "convenient". If you are the passenger yourself, they have clearly marked shuttles that go directly to all the parking decks. There are alway plenty of security screeners on duty & personnel are quick to point out which checkpoints have short or nonexistent lines. Once you are through security they have the two things that are absolutely essential to & unfortunately missing from some major airports (I'm looking @ you, BWI!): a Starbucks & free Wi-Fi. Throw in those Cracker Barrel-esque rockers and, oh yeah, generally prompt flights on a variety of airlines and you have yourself the makings of fairly pleasant travel.Maybe you are picking up some other weary traveler. In that case, the loop around the terminal is short & when the pick-up area gets busy there are often employees directing traffic to keep the flow moving. True, you aren't going to find a plethora of red eye flights out of CLT, but if you are willing to travel during the hours that humans are supposed to be functioning during, Charlotte-Douglas offers an above par airport experience.
4	I love this airport.  Lots of great shopping while you wait.  The layout is easy enough.  It's clean and the people offer plenty of southern hospitality.  My favorite thing to do is people watch and from the cozy rocking chair in the busy corrider well.  I do want to make note that if you park in daily.  You need to ride the shuttle to and from the terminal.  The shuttle line was huge so I thought I could just walk to daily.  I wound up in hourly thinking someone stole my car.  The signs in the deck just say east or west not daily vs hourly.  Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.  Lesson learned on patience.
4	NIce little southern hospitality airport. I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside. The only drawback is that southerners for the most part should watch the southern food there are way too many golf carts going up and down the halls transporting people who don't necessarily need it, they should be walking to get rid of the excess girth.
5	I fly for business 1-3 times per month. This is probably my favorite airport to fly through. Its a regional alternative to Atlanta and does not get as backed up by weather and other delays. Its large enough to have direct flights to the west coast and Europe, but small enough where you can walk to you gate in no time. Best hidden secret is the USO. For military, retirees and dependents, the USO is a free VIP lounge upstairs in the main atrium. It has numerous large flat screens, free food and drinks (donated by vendors in the food court), free Internet terminals, large leather lounge chairs, and a kid/family play area. The bathrooms are huge, provide free toiletries (useful for long international flights). If you ask the counter for a wake up call, you can crash out and they'll wake you when its time to go.
4	I'm totally a west coast traveler but when I fly to visit my friend in Boston I had a layover here for a couple of hours. Now given the fact it was 6AM in the morning a lot of the restaurants were open, which was really nice. I didn't just have to choose from Starbucks and Burger King. I love the layout and how spacious this airport is too. Not to most modern, but clean and easy to navigate. I'd be happy to have a layover here again.
4	Charlotte-Douglas is a fairly nice, yet huge, airport.  Dining options are varied, and this airport has a lot to see and do during layovers.Rocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D
4	It's big, and nice, and easy to fly through. The US Airways Club by concourse C is very spacious & comfortable.Sucks I have to fly clear across the country just to experience this place.
5	A nice place to go somewhere else Charlotte- Douglas is one of my very favorite airports and a very pleasant place to stop over for a while between flights on the way to somewhere else. It's not only clean but sparkling and squeaky clean. Things actually shine and it looks like you could literally eat off the floor. Pretty amazing with all those people thumping, thomping and thudging though it. The inside of the the airport is actually fun to explore and walk around, with line of trees, some very cool rocking chairs and little airplanes hanging overhead. Lots of corners to hang out in and plenty of little restaurants and shops scattered about. Even a people mover and escalators to play on although the things move too slowly to really have fun on. Sure it's an airport and everyone is in a hurry, some people are grumpy and the typical airport chaos does happen, but overall the folks I have meet here were are friendly and very hospitable. A nice contrast to the abrupt hostility sometimes found in employees of other airports. I'm always happy to see that my flight has a stop over in Charlotte- Douglas because I know I can have fun and will have no trouble killing a few hours here while waiting for another flight. Maybe someday I'll actually get out of the airport and see the city.
4	U.S. Airways has a major hub here and its very clean and modern, makes you want to cry when you come back to Los Angeles.
3	I visit my local airport here in Charlotte for business and personal travel at least once a month it seems. The parking is convenient and relatively inexpensive. The security lines always seem to go at a nice pace, even when crowded. The airport is overall clean. I would like to see a few more food options than they have. My favorite part are the rocking chairs and the people watching as I tend to always arrive to the airport a little too early. I will go back many times (but do I really have a choice?)
5	This place has the best USO I have ever been to!
4	I have to say that I travel a fair amount for work and of course personnel and Charlotte's airport is nice, it's clean, and easy to navigate for parking and just to get to your gate. They offer a pretty good variety for food and I think are trying to step it up to make it more desirable for people stuck there. Parking is easy they offer Long Term Parking, Daily Parking for $6 (my personal choice) and then Valet $15 a day which does come in handy if you are running behind or if for some reason you cant find a spot in a Daily lot. I'm originally from NY and compared to the cost to park up there I would leave my car in Valet for a month and it still wouldn't be as expensive!  All I'm saying is the cost for parking are reasonable here and well worth it! I really only travel US Airways so were always in the same area and have our routine of food stops, magazine water stops with some Jamba Juice stops before heading onto the plane. I find this airport to be one of the best I've been in and they are always trying to make it better.
3	What's there to say about an airport? We only experienced the US Airways concourses, but there was a large variety of food/drink locations, and the airport seemed fairly clean. No real interactions with staff (which is good because my interactions with staff at an airport generally mean long delays), but everyone appeared helpful and friendly. I will say I was impressed by the ability to appropriately estimate the amount it would take to fix the "electrical problem" with our plane. 20 minutes was actually only 15 minutes, and I like that! I would say Charlotte-Douglas has got their stuff together and is a good airport to connect through.
4	Kinda weird to write a review of an airport, but I'm at CLT so frequently I'll post some info that I hope people will find helpful.For parking, you can use the long term lots and take a shuttle in ($4 per day) or you can park in the lots/towers closer to the airport for $6 per day, and that also requires a 3 minute shuttle ride. You can also park across from the airport in the lot there for $16/day (I think) and walk across the street to the airport. On your return home, you'll find the shuttles outside of baggage claim in the middle island.  Look for the white shuttle buses and find the shuttle marked "Long Term A", "Long Term B" or "Daily" to take you back to your vehicle.Inside the airport, ticketing is on the top level.  If the airport is crowded, go to the ends to go through security. Checkpoint A is usually a bit less crowded, and checkpoint D/E is usually never crowded. This will save you a few minutes of standing in line.After security, you'll find the middle of the airport has the food court, ATM's, a few shops and the infamous rocking chairs. If you need to power up and have some time, there's outlets near the rocking chairs. For food, I'd recommend the Carolina BBQ- its not the best in the area but is a better option than the other fast food joints. Enjoy your fried pickle!If you need a coffee, there's Starbucks on both sides of the central area of the airport and there's one in the Gate C area.The US Airways lounge is between the Gate C and Gate D/E concourses and you can enter/leave on either side.If you need someone to pick you up, have them wait in the Cell Lot. Once you alert them its only 2 minutes or so until you'll see them outside of Baggage Claim.As far as airports go, Charlotte Douglas is probably one of the nicer ones you'll visit. If you have some time to kill, roam around a bit and enjoy the shops or just relax in a rocking chair and watch the world go by.
4	Like others have mentioned, this is a major hub for US Airway -- so nearly all the planes you'll see are US Air.I've connected through here many, many times and Charlotte has never been my final destination. One time I spent the night in Charlotte, courtesy of missed connections, air traffic control in Philly, ughhh... (you get the pt.)But yes, this is a rather larger airport. All the International flights are in one terminal  - -D. Smaller regional flights are out of E. But since I'm typically coming in from or going to PHX, those domestic flights (for US Air) are in B or C. Let me tell you...if you land at the end of say B, and you have a connection to a regional in E -- you better book it! There are people movers... but it could be a long jaunt for some. I like the white rocking chairs in the middle area. Makes me feel a bit relaxed.... as I am running past them on the people mover. (I don't think I've ever tried them yet -- but they look cute!)US Airways club -- well, there's one. A large one. However if you're traveling Internationally, it's not an Envoy lounge and therefore not as large as the lounge in Philly. But it's still a nice lounge with great views. Plenty of various food options. And a Body Shop store, which is convenient for me when I'm flying back to PHX. Then... I can buy items that are over 3oz. to carry on.
3	This airport has rocking chairs in it which is fitting since the people here love to do things like stand on the moving sidewalk.  The moving sidewalk is not to take a little break from your day of walking.  It's to help people get to their gates faster.  Charlotte has been my connecting airport several times and I've never missed a flight.  Considering the amount of people standing around as if the rapture is about to happen - it's amazing I've never missed a flight here.  The good news is this airport is clean... and there was an attendant in the bathroom.
1	Honestly wish I could give it zero stars based on today... ? Security is beyond the worst. Check in with the airline was smooth, thats about it.I'm sure its not this bad everyday, or it would be on the news and or shutdown from the lack of business....
5	They have the best USO i have ever been to. The rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch, and this place is always clean!
3	A maze of gates, you need to be here early to ensure you get to your flight on time
4	My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean. I still prefer Texas connecting flights since flying across from East coast to West isn't fun. I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time.
4	CLT, you are so cute with your white rocking chairs actin all Southern-like. Not too big..not too crowded...nice and clean. Not to mention you have Bojangles and delicious gelato stands. I like you CLT. Yes I do.
3	If you have time to leisurely stroll to your gate, enjoy the free wi-fi and/ or ponder your upcoming trip while sitting in the plethora of rocking chairs... then this is the airport for you.  Good restaurants, decent shopping and clean.  (4.5 stars for this section)If however, you are using this as a connecting airport, just flying through... and you have a tight connection then this is the worst hub airport-- EVER.  If you come into a B gate and have your next flight leaving out of E concourse you will not make it unless you have a solid 20 minutes to walk (fast) there.  Seriously it's halfway to Raleigh...  (1 star for this section)US Airways plans these connections very aggressively.  And, it never fails... the tighter your connection the more likely your next flight will be at that furthest location.So a solid 3 stars.
3	Yay!Didn't get to spend too much time in this airport, but from the little I saw, I will say it's a nice airport. Since I had a layover here, I didn't have to deal with security, but in general, all of the staff seemed really nice.The bathrooms are really clean and there's an attendant who hands you paper towels. There are also mints and other random lady accessories you can take, but probably only if you tip the attendant.There is free wifi here, which I only found out at the last minute, and there are rocking chairs!Only complaint was that the gate I landed into and the gate my connecting flight was out of were as far away from each other as possible. Made for a v. sweaty start to my next flight.
2	This is the first time I have been compelled to review an airport but after reading in a clearly biased US Airways magazine that this airport won a best airport award. I couldn't help myself. This is the worst airport layout ever. Basically, it is the Pontiac Aztec of airports.
2	This airport was pretty cool. Until... Going through that TSA x-ray scanning and pat down! This service should have included four star dining and drinks before hand. Before I head back to the West Coast, I was craving for some Bojangles Chicken. Luckily I had a two hour gap before my flight. I was walking from terminal A to terminal B. I literally had walk a mile and a half to get to the only Bojangles in the airport. P.S. - CLT please add at least one Bojangles in each terminal. Thank you.
4	This is a BIG airport. Love the rocking chairs. Ample amenities and adequate moving walkways.
4	It's freakin' huge. If you have connections, you better leave at least :30 minutes between them. At least they have people movers to speed things up, and free wifi if you get to your gate with any time to spare.
5	Connection in 10 min...keys here I come!
3	I've made stops here twice - both on connecting flights to another airport.  Charlotte is a US Airways hub, so the airport is rather large.Compared to other large airports, this seems a bit more sprawling than what I've experienced; however, it will never compare to that hellhole that is ATL.Charlotte seems to be a Southern city overridden with Yankees.  The airport is the same way, really.  You have Southern hospitality as well as Northern convenience and efficiency.Overall, this is not a horrible airport, but it doesn't rank as one of my favorites.  They could lay out their airport a little bit better.
4	I love this airport.  Small enough to get in, around, and out of the airport and large enough to get decent direct flights to most cities.  Parking is cheap but could use more better restaurant options.
4	Clean, nice looking and lots of different places to eat. I've had 2 short lay overs here and each time I have had to walk through the airport to get to a connecting flight so I was able to see a good portion of it. The large windows really brighten up the terminals which makes me think more places (Phoenix Sky Harbor mainly) should follow suit.
5	I was born and raised in the CLT.I've flown in and out of this airport so many times, I can't count them.I worked at Eastern Airlines for nearly 12 years,In that amount of time   & since, I've seen many airport terminals, domestic & International.This terminal opened in 1982 and when Eastern went out of business in 1989, the dominant airline was Piedmont. When they merged with Allegheny to become USAirways, they become the dominant airline.There are now five terminals at CLT.They have FREE wi-fi and rocking chairs!Does it get any better than that?I don't think so!
4	I vastly prefer to connect through this airport instead of Atlanta. The staff is much friendlier and the food is better.  There is the Tequileria, Jamba Juice, and a Sushi restaurant if you're stuck in a rut waiting there.
3	If you're connecting to a flight in the same terminal, this airport is great!  If you're connecting to a flight on the opposite end of the airport, not so much.  The array of food options will come in super handy when Useless Air - oh, I mean US Air - cancels or delays your flight.  Be healthy and have some Jamba Juice and then undo it all at The Chocolate Factory.
2	I'm wondering if it is even worthwhile for me to write a review of my home airport.  It's not like there's a better airport in town for me to fly out of.  I also doubt that the owner of Charlotte-Douglas Airport is going to read my review and send me an email apologizing for his business' poor service and terrible product like a restaurant owner would do.  Writing an airport review is as futile an effort as catching wind with a net, but I'm going to do it anyway.  Parking here is cheap and shuttle service from the various lots and garages is good.  The airport is quite clean; especially the restrooms.  To me, these are the airport's only redeeming qualities.  Traffic flow at the arrival and departure gates = pure misery.  The TSA force here is unfriendly and inefficient.  Large airports like LGA and BWI run their security efficiently and I find that the lines move much more quickly than they do with the hapless crews they have in this town.  I have to disagree with my friend Nicole W. about Checkpoint A.  Standing in this never-ending line is like eating a misery cookie that's been dipped in s#@%.  A couple months ago the line from the Delta counter nearly ran out the doors while those of us not checking bags were forced to wait in this line rather than being able to use a kiosk to print our boarding passes.  "What was wrong with the kiosks?" you ask.  One of the three was out of order, but the other two were simply out of paper.  I suppose that one of the Delta representatives sitting on his thumb behind the counter couldn't take care of it.  Par for the course at CLT.  The food selection here is miserable (are you sensing a trend here?).  I tend to always end up at Tequilaria, but the place smells like damp Clorox rags and fruit flies buzz around the bar.  There seem to be a lot of positive reviews about there being a Bojangles at the airport, but I can say that a Cajun chicken breast and a biscuit is not what I'm looking for when faced with the proposition of sitting in front of screaming children on a cross-country flight.  I give the food options a D-.  The only airports I hate more than my hometown airport are Memphis and Kansas City.  Memphis looks like a prison and Kansas City is just really weird.  Good job, Charlotte.  You take home the bronze medal in Sucking.
2	Easy in and out, love that part! TSA security is the worst. No help, no smiles, to slow, don't care. No preferred line.Generally a dirty airport (delta terminal). All the food courts are at one end of the terminal, so you have to walk from one end to the other just to get a cup of coffee or bite to eat!It seems that people in this airport have two speeds slow and stop! Very frustrating if your on business, if your on a golf vacation you'd probably love it!
3	Usually the security lines at the ends of the airport have fewer people. Security is slow but the airport does have Bojangles, which is a huge plus, especially when I need a fried chicken, biscuit, and dirty rice fix before coming back to NYC.
2	I would give this place a 3 if the organization of the parking lots/interior was better and if there wasn't someone standing in the bathroom making me uncomfortable when I have to go to the bathroom while I'm waiting for a flight.For the amount of air traffic that goes through this airport, I'm disappointed. The lines for security generally take an hour to get through (more if you leave around 5ish).I've been avoiding flights due to the crazy bad for you radiation from the full body scanners. Maybe CLT will improve when I eventually cave and need to fly somewhere- who knows.
4	I love the way it's set up with the main food court in the middle of the walkways to the gates and the rocking chairs are charming.
4	I rather like this airport--I was a bit concerned that I would have to walk all the way to the main hub to find restaurants to eat at--but loh and behold, there was a fox sports restaurant right there. the airport is massive, so if you're pressed for time and have to get to the opposite end of the airport, you're SOL, however, the airport is clean, the staff is friendly, and the ample amounts of seating and rocking chairs near the outlets are a nice touch.
4	Great airport. Clean, lots of food options, easy to get around and from terminal to terminal without much hassle. I flew to and from an international destination the last time I flew through, and it was a quick and simple experience getting through customs and immigration. The only thing I didn't like was that we were spit out from customs back by the check in desks and had to go through regular security yet again to get back in the airport.Oh yeah, and they scanned my body :(
4	Easy to get in and out.  All the shops were closed when my flight arrived at 10:20 PM but so not much to say about that.
4	I've flown into/out of CLT many times before.  I've also used it as the stopover airport as well.CLT does things right for sure!Was very easy to get around (speedy moving walkways).Good offerings for food and shops too.Free Wi-FiNever tried their parking lots, but I have rented cars here.  Very easy to do.Given the choice of using CLT as a stopover or PHL/PIT?  No brainer.....go CLT!
3	After accepting the fact that your layover will never be in the same gate as where you landed, prepare to walk.There is plenty of food to drool over along the way.. I passed at least 3 Starbucks.The woman at my gate was so frickin friendly.  She gave constant updates regarding the status of our plane- literally the minute by minute play.  Maybe because it's the south I'm not used to such friendliness, but it was actually nice.Overall I was pleased with this airport.  Who knows, my opinion may change in the future, but this place seems to have their sh*t together.
3	I was just here for a 95 minute layover.  Ate at the food court.  It was crowded for a Saturday!Looks like the airport could use a bit of modernization.  Free Wi-Fi!
5	I'm going to give this airport 5 stars because there is very little I can think of in terms of improvement for the typical traveler.  I understand there are some people who spend the majority of their time traveling and may look for more amenities but this airport is perfect for me.  The employees are always friendly.  The security lines are never too long.  More importantly, everything is very easy to find.  Bathrooms are always clean and this past christmas, the bathroom attendant was singing carols.  Nothing like holiday cheer when you've gotta pee!   Yes, the food and drinks are expensive but that's just standard airport prices.  My flights out are almost always on time which makes me a happy traveler.  Now just wait for my review of JFK for my return trip.  HA!
3	The airport it self is great.  This is my home airport and for the past three years I have been flying in/out of here.  The draw back with CLT is having to wait and wait for luggage if you checked it and they alwasy seem to be behind schedule with take-offs.
3	.
3	Free wifi. Otherwise, standard overcrowded airport (it's a hub).
4	Not a bad airport. There's relatively cheap parking and security lines seem to move fairly quickly, especially during the Monday morning rush when they have all the scanners going. Could up the ante a bit with the quality of restaurant choices but there are enough Starbucks spread throughout to cure that coffee jones quickly.  Also, they have free wi-fi.  What a novel, and welcome, concept!But... DO NOT check your bag flying into Charlotte Douglas. Unless things have changed from the last time I did it, you're looking at 45 minutes of standing around.
3	I had a connecting flight out of this airport from Austin to Indianapolis but due to weather delays and aircraft problem ended up spending more time here than necessary.  If it weren't for the free Wi-fi I would have lost my mind.My only real negative experience was with US Airways, and with the gestapo bathroom attendants.  They have tip jars in the restrooms and the paper towel dispensers are empty so they force you to get your paper towel from the attendants.  If you don't leave a tip, they will curse you out.When my flight was canceled I headed over to Tequileria and had a couple strong house margaritas (at $11.39 each) and a salmon quesadilla. Then I headed to my paid hotel room (thanks US Airways).Overall, this is not a bad airport, but using the restroom should not be such an unpleasant experience! I would recommend wearing headphones to throw off the rude attendants. Otherwise enjoy the free wi-fi.
4	Love the layout of this airport and the food hall is wonderfully bright, good selection of food available and the staff are friendly. Will definately be on my list of airports to return to.  I can't comment on parking as I was on a transfer.  Only downside is the dutyfree is not well sighposted.
4	I've only arrived/departed CLT once, so I'm no expert, but it seems small for a city the size of Charlotte (seems even smaller than RDU). I liked that there's only one place to drop people off and it didn't even seem to crowded. I had to get the full pat down (could have used a Silkwood shower after that experience), but at least the TSA agent was pleasant about it.They have a Bojangles, so that's why I'm giving them the fourth star (and I like the lobby area with the rocking chairs.
4	As nice as an airport can get.
2	The airport itself has not much to complain about, to me a typical airport with 5 terminals and none particularly difficult to get to. I connected here on all my visits to the airport, so did not have to deal with security and check in counter. What I really do not like in this airport are the employees in the restroom ASKING for tips when they hand you the paper towel to dry your hand. The bathrooms are not particularly clean, just like any public bathroom with a lot of people going in and out, so it's not like these airport employees are actually actively working. I see them congregate and chat with each other, but hand someone paper towel and ask for tip. BEWARE! go to a bathroom that's not serviced by these greedy people.
3	Well, it's hard to kick an airport in the teeth after they've offered you a rocking chair to sit in, so only for that reason will I give 3 stars and not 2.Otherwise, there aren't enough information monitors (which requires a very long walk to find one - some of which weren't working on my last two visits) and the airport just doesn't offer some of the things I like to see at one - [such as free WiFi, lots of food options, quick and friendly TSA.]
4	Great airport and service personell...especially being a hub airport (for US Air, maybe one or two others).  You would expect it to be chaotic, but I've never had a bad travel experience in this airport, and I travel alot, for both business and pleasure.Free Wi-Fi....need I say more?  Yes, there ARE still airports who charge for it, I know I know....I'm one of the few business travelers who apparently still checks a bag, and luggage delivery is always very fast on the return trip.  Never had a lost bag (knock on wood!)  A note to all travelers, please....check your bags.  I know it's $25, but come on....I have to shove my suit jacket under my seat with my computer bag because you are too cheap to check, but somehow feel it's ok to carry on a bag, a purse that's big enough to be another carry on piece of luggage, and shopping items you picked up in the terminal, easily taking up a whole overhead bin by yourself?  I feel like Charlotte travelers are worse about this than in other cities.Loses a star for the parking situation.  While I agree with previous reviewers that daily/long term parking is very affordable, I've been annoyed with the bus service to and from the terminals.  Hate it when I see 5 daily parking buses drive by empty when I'm parked in Long Term 2!
3	Charlotte-Douglas Int'l is a great airport.  Always clean and as long as you don't park in Long Term and stick to the Daily parking lots you can get to and fro from the terminals fairly quickly.  Couple things they could improve though, security checkpoint speed...ugh...nothing worse.  And much like all other airports....PLEASE INSTALL MORE OUTLETS!! This is a trend I see in a lot of airports.  One outlet for every 500 yards and people having to sit on the floors just to plug in and take a load off.
3	no cell phone charging stations....at least by what the employees there told me. they said i could use a wall outlet, but where i was, gate e26, there wasn't one to be seen. i was surprised an airport this large hasn't provided this amenity yet. otherwise, the rest of it was swell.
2	I travel for business for 11years. I had my share of airports. CLT needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas. Need to expand the roads.
4	As an airport, I'd say this place does its job.  Simple layout, screens at every turn updating flight status, and overall a clean facility.  I had no problems when checking in for a flight.  TSA staff were extremely gentle and handled me with care, I walked out of there with no pain or discomfort.  But in all seriousness, security check was your typical long delay, but its to be expected for an international airport.  Once I got past security, I was able to find my gate with no problem.The Enterprise shuttle ran every five to ten minutes, which is very convenient when in a hurry.  Although i didn't use the pick up or drop off lanes, they seemed to be running smooth with no delays, my shuttle was able to  get through with relative ease.  Simple layout, modern facility, customer service was good.  Overall, I wouldn't mind flying back through this airport in the future.
4	Was just stopping through on our way to Las Vegas. It was 7:00AM in the morning...the Starbucks line moved quickly...and everyone was friendly.Thats enough for at least 4 stars :)
2	I recently flew through the Charlotte airport twice and was delayed both times, so I spent a considerable amount of time there. The delays weren't the fault of the airport itself, but rather the awful service of US Airways. When I was first stuck in this airport for over 5 hours because of a delayed flight, I wanted to charge my phone. Well, I don't know why they have so few outlets, but when you find one it's like winning the lottery. People were scouring the airport everywhere looking for outlets. We happened to find one and everyone in my group just used it in turns. I even saw some people sitting in the bathroom next to an outlet charging their phones and laptops.  The outlet situation is crazy!I found the restaurant and food choices to be rather limited, but at least there was something. As we were flying back through Charlotte to catch out second flight, we had to go through immigration and customs, because we got off an international flight. As we made our way into immigration, the line wasn't super long, so many people just ducked under the ropes to avoid walking through many rows of empty lanes. These people didn't cut in front of anyone, they just wanted to avoid having to walk pointlessly through empty zig zag after empty zig zag of the line. There was a very angry woman who came running and yelled at everyone. She made them all get back out of lines and walk to the end. She then forced them to walk through each empty section of the line. They actually ended up in the EXACT position, since they hadn't skipped in front of anyone anyway.  This lady was crazy. She was all the talk in the Immigration line. She was definitely channeling Nurse Ratched (One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest). We had hoped to get through immigration quickly as the line wasn't super long, but we were wrong. The immigration officers were awfully chatty and there weren't many of them. So, it took an exceptionally long time compared to the length of the line. Customs went much more quickly. In the future, I will avoid going through this airport, but if I have to be there, I'm bringing a lawn chair for the immigration lines and a power strip to share outlets with others.
1	CLT is a pathetic airport for commuters who have to fly from smaller cities. The E concourse is getting further and furhter away from the gates to the flagship flights of US Airways. Half the time walking sidewalks are inoperable, and if you have less than 15 minutes (due to the wonderful on time of  US Airways Express (outsourced and don't care) then you will miss your flight. They could care less regardless of your status, and are now adding more gates at E.  (Up to 50 I believe, and no fast way to to get to B or C concourse). Obviously they care nothing about the deregulation that then the airlines elected the HUB and spoke philosophy. Trust me it DOES NOT work!  Will they ever listen to their customers, and especially the business traveler who kept them in business after 911 since we were the only ones who continued to fly.At this point I don't think they care.
4	Not bad as far as airports go.  It has a decent lay out and good food choices.  I love the rocking chairs.
3	As a resident of Charlotte and frequent traveller, I fly in and out of Charlotte at least a dozen times a year. However, I have never travelled *through* Charlotte to catch a connection..Daily parking is the way to go at 6 bucks a day. Unless of course, you're going to be gone for an extended period. Twenty-five dollar flat fee cab ride to Uptown.For me it's a very manageable airport size-wise, on the smallish side ( uh, hello sprawling airport nightmares: ATL, LAX, ORD, and JFK to name a few).It's pleasant enough in decor with white rocking chairs abound to sit on.Security is the typical annoyance. No more or less. Typically, I don't even bother to get to this airport more than an hour in advance, unless I happen to want to catch breakfast at Salsarita's - their breakfast quesadilla is a cheesy, fast-food indulgence that starts my travel day off right.As others have mentioned, dire need of more outlets. But I find that's true in most airports. ( Seriously, what is UP with that? How hard is it to install permanent power strips or docking areas?)NOTE: All three security checkpoints A,B,C can be utilized in the event of long lines at any one in particular, as they essentially drop you off in a central area. You'll just have to hike a bit more pending where your gate is.
4	Good airport. Never had an issue in security line or anywhere else.
1	Is it a North Carolina thing to have bathroom attendants in every men's room, hustling to give you a piece of paper towel from the automatic dispenser and ingratiating himself for tips?  This is not a nightclub, right?  And if it is, it is the worst nightclub airport in the world.
3	On a recent trip down south I got to experience CLT for the first time as a connecting passenger. I arguably saw the airport at it's best and worst during this trip, as on the way back there were a series of severe thunderstorms that cancelled many flights. I lucked out though, as my flight wasn't cancelled but many were, and lines snaked around the E concourse. The airport itself is relatively compact and easy to navigate but will require a bit of walking for some as there are, at present, no automated tram systems to transport passengers between concourses. I recommend a layover of at least an hour and a half, especially if you yellow-tagged your luggage on an inbound express flight and have to hoof-it to one the mainline concourses. The food/dining/shopping options are plentiful and might actually be of better quality than nearby ATL. However, it's unclear if I'll ever actually use CLT often due to my growing discontent with US Airways, which is beyond CLT's control.
4	Though I take far fewer flights these days than I used to in my younger years, I still find Charlotte-Douglas to be one of the nicer in the country.If you happen to find yourself transferring (and many of you there will, since most of you do not actually live in Charlotte), you will invariably be dropped at the end of one concourse and have to make it to the end of another with about 17 minutes to make your connection, what with the airline industry being what it is and all.Should you not transfer in Charlotte, you will probably be dropped at the end of the E concourse, just so you feel like are not missing out on anything, and should you decide to transfer in the future, you are prepared for what seems like miles and miles of walking.That said, even that experience is not bad, and security is generally not bad in Charlotte, and parking is typically a breeze, with even the decks having among the lowest per-day cost anywhere.  We even have a cell phone lot where you can wait for you loved one to let you know they have arrived, at which point you can go pick them up from the baggage claim.
3	I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.
3	Having recently visited the Carolina's, I was fortunate enough to come in contact with a few additional airports for me to write about . . . Charlotte-Douglas (CLT), being one of them.Now I really don't consider myself a travel snob, but spending any amount of time in an airport (especially these days), requires three things . . . friendly airline staff, decent / affordable food and, perhaps most importantly, electrical outlets for charging our "gear".  When it comes to CLT, I seem to have gotten little of the first, less of the second, and I'll be damned if I could find more than a handful of electrical outlets in the C concourse.The airport staff came across as a bit cold and begrudgingly willing to help when I was bumped from one flight and had to get transfered to a different flight.  The food selection was minimal (unless I hoofed it to the other end of the airport), and what food there was in the C concourse was edible, but not wonderful . . . and the beer was good, but can someone clue me in to why a local microbrew was $8?  And in todays day and age, why were they playing hide-and-seek with electrical outlets -- I think that frustrated me the most.On the upside, the nice thing was the big panoramic window at the far end of the concourse -- at the far end of the runway -- where you could relax in the rocking chair and watch the airplanes lining up and landing.In the end, it's not a bad airport, but is certainly one which could use some updates to accommodate the traveller of the 21st century -- it's definitely not as modern as JFK (particularly T5), but neither is it PHL.
4	Airport was clean.  Flight was delayed coming home from vacation and the staff never gave a reason as to why the flight was delayed.  It is what it is, an airport, and it is a nice airport.  There are many places to eat and/or get a drink while you wait for your flight!
4	Nice big airport. Just hate that my flight always lands at the B gate and I have 15 minutes to get to the E Gate in this monstrosity. If you have a 3 hour layover though, there is a ton of stuff to do here. Probably one of the cleanest airports I have been to.
4	Fun airport with tons of different places to eat.  The place was packed and crazy like a zoo both times I came here. People are nice here and the BBQ is horrible.  Some grumpy people and some helpful people. It's entertaining to say the least. Avoid California pizza kitchen though... Not like the restaurant experience you would think.
3	Unfortunately, there's no way to get to a lot of the smaller regional airports, without connecting here. The airport is easy to navigate, and not too large.
4	I like the way this airport is laid out. While you may have to walk a bit...at least it is all well marked and clean and fun to walk thru. Wish I could get one of the rockin' chairs. They always are full when I pass thru. The BBQ is really nice............Carolina Pit Barbecue. A little pricey but that is the way airports operate. The Wright Brother plane replica is nice to see as you walk toward E area. Interesting to note that the plane is higher off the ground then the real Flyer ever got!
3	As airports go this is a pretty good one. A good selection of restaurants and stores selling odds and ends.
4	CLT is a cool airport. Lots of eats..free internet...I find it easy in and out.. BUT it's busy. Who'd have thought in NC that an airport would be so busy. CLT has a very strict lightening procedures... they have several ground stops in the summer.. bring your laptop and good reading..
1	As a frequent flyer, I avoid this airport.  It seems that a preponderance of the time that I have the unavoidable misfortune of connecting through Charlotte Douglas something invariably goes wrong.  On a recent international flight, our arrival at the gate was delayed and our luggage retrieval was further delayed by 45 minutes due to a lack of ground crew and baggage handlers.  Typical mishaps for a poorly managed airport.  Please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport.
2	Hate hate hate flying... but being from Portland, OR where my family is from I fly here and there a couple times a year. Charlotte... could suck less but there are some things they are doing ok. It is not really that hard to find  your way around but one of my big pet peaves is lots of displays and things like carts getting in the way of rushing to a terminal. Some of the walkways seem narrow  but that could be just me. Hate security here. I had one flight where I got delayed over night (at the airport for about 16hours) and the only thing I got was a t-shirt and some tooth hygiene things. Luckily a sweet lady who was one of those star partners(?) got me a alternative flight that got me home faster than the delayed plane would have.Besides all that at least CLT isn't Atlanta or Newark!
2	An international hub airport with that regional airport feel.  Take from that what you will.
1	I'm not sure which is the worse nightmare. Living in Charlotte [ which unfortunately I did, for 8 tortuous months ]  or flying out of this dump of an airport. Bathrooms are filthy, and always stink [ regardless of day, hour, season ] You can always guarantee rude employees, especially ones from US Airways who feel they are doing you a favor. I had a roach crawl out of my pizza box from pizza hut back in 1997. Restaurants suck the big one, all corporately herded chains. [ Of course if you live in this dump of a city, you're used to this ]  Always a packed airport at any given hour of the day, never any room to move.Parking would be the worst, if you live in the Corporate Herd Hole. The City of Charlotte forces you to use there lots. There aren't any private lots? No! Their isn't! YOU READY? You have 2 options! You can fight all the other ass taking corporate employees who live in Charlotte and work for banks or corporations for parking spots or  you can go to the "valet parking" lot at an additional rape price.I have a V for vendetta against Charlotte and this shithole of an aiport.
4	I like CLT. I flew through here on my way from Philadelphia (my least favorite airport) to Fort Myers, FL, because it was cheaper. And I'm glad I did.The way the airport is laid out in general is cool. Plenty of moving walkways too. Lots of good food options, and there's no lack in Starbucks. I did, however, get in the longest line, but it moved quickly and the workers were very happy and were even singing. :DThe Charlotte hub has to be my favorite for US Airways, since I hate PHL and I haven't been to PHX. Other than that, I'll be back! :D
4	With all the hassle of security and crying babies running around, I know airports these days are just not the greatest place to hang.  But having been a seasonal business traveler, there are some airports that do stand out, and I must say Charlotte's airport is one of them.  Let's look at some of the pluses:1.  A good selection of stores to shop (I know it's not a mall, but gives shopping as a thing to do while waiting for your flight).2.  A good selection of restaurant and bars.  Always good for those munchy attacks.  You MUST try Bojangles chicken!3.  Spacious.  Airports are often crowded and seem they don't have enough space to roam about.  4.  US Airways Club - Amazing, with a smoking room (for those of us who smoke!).On top of USAirways being a partner with United (my choice airline - I know, I know...they can suck it sometimes, but been very loyal to them!), this makes a stopover at Charlotte Douglas a smooth one!
1	Yea, they have rocking chairs, but what about service at the other end of the flight? I am still wwwwaaaaiiiittttiiiinnngggg for my bag from flight US 2618 from MEM. Been here 30 minutes and still wwwaaaaiiiiiitttttiiiinnnggg. Can't they find an industrial engineer to do a time study and develop a better plan for moving bags from E concourse to baggage claim? So I am writing this review while wwwaaaiiittttiiiinnnnnggg and have reduced my rating from 2 stars to 1. Can't go to zero so my review is done even if everyone from MEM is still wwwwaaaaaiiiiitttttiiiiinnnnggggg.......
4	Actually one of the best airports I've been too. Would I go back? Hell yeah? Anytime soon? Hell no.
4	Huge airport! Similar to Hartsfield-Jackson. There were a lot of terminal, which made it very easy for me to kill time while I was waiting on my flight. They also have a variety of restaurants, which is great for those who want to have a real meal before they get on their flight.When I went it was very crowded so I'm not sure if that was a glitch but it sucked because everyone was using an outlet and I couldn't charge my phone! Overall, I had a good experience and wouldn't mine flying from this airport again.
3	haha when i was here tryin to fly back to LAX and also back to NJ another time my flight was delayed ...it was pourin out...it sure does rain a lot in NC!
3	Ick. Wish I had never had to touch down here in the first place and delays dragged it out. Did not understand how the bathroom could have tip jars and Listerine while still having pee covering every other toilet seat. I dig that there was free wifi and I liked the USB/Outlet counter, but there weren't nearly enough seats for the number of people stuck standing around. The terminals were easy enough to figure out when switching to a different flight, but it the only plus I saw for this place was the free wifi.
2	Luggage took FOREVER to get.  Must have been standing there for at least 30 minutes.  Doh!
2	@ Charlotte and ready for boarding!!
4	Wow.  Such a sad lot of reviews here, and they all seem to be from people with a specific complaint/bad experience.  I guess people aren't motivated to Yelp their good experiences...Maybe I'm biased because I came through LAX and PHL before coming through here, but it's the cleanest and best-maintained of the bunch.Yes, the restrooms are staffed and there's a tip jar.  And reviewers are complaining about it????  Tips aren't mandatory, but after the disgusting restroom in PHL, I gladly fished in my purse and forked over 75 cents to the attendant who was keeping the place spotless.  And I do mean spotless.Atriums and rocking chairs are both nice touches that make the airport feel hospitable even for a long layover.  Yes, the airport is a bit stretched out for the numbers of overall gates, but it allows for nice atriums, spaces to chill, and more restaurants and other amenities for travelers.  I also imagine it allows the airport more room to grow in the future.  I can see how commuter fliers (or those running late) might not appreciate the sprawl, though.Free Wifi took 60 seconds to connect to.  Several outlets available for free charging in the atria.Seating, carpet, fixtures all in good shape/well-maintained.  Signage better than most airports (especially liked the map of restaurants/shops/amenities.)  And thumbs up for the trio of trash cans for recycling!Seems to me like CLT took a few cues from Eurpoean airports.Easy connection to light rail system (which I also liked) and very good wayfinding signage overall.CLT, you almost had 5 stars:Minus 1 star for Wifi not working in the main center shopping/eating area AND for having all your shops and restaurants close at either 8 or 9 PM!!!!  For an airport of its size, I was shocked.  I wanted to grab Beachwood Farms (Carolina BBQ, fast-food-service-style), but they were closed and cleaning up at 8:30.  Even the bar was shut down!  Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner.
4	So many airports could learn a thing or two from Charlotte-Douglas International.  It's well thought out design, ample shops, plethora of dining choices, and overall cleanliness left me wondering why nothing like this exists in the northeast.  Simply awesome.
4	I've had a few connections at CLT... usually due to missing another flight, as I regularly fly Air Canada and United, but sometimes end up on US Airways. Unlike my usual stops (Chicago, Washington, Newark), I have never had an issue in Charlotte. It's small enough that it is simple to navigate in a short period of time. There are moving sidewalks (although they frown upon using them with a stroller) and some nice food options - both fast food and sit-down meals. Flights move in and out quickly without a huge domino effect with delays. I think I like Charlotte's airport, actually.Since I've only been here for connections, I can't comment on the check in area or the security checkpoint. Everything I've seen thus far, I like!Oh, and the restrooms have a bathroom attendant. This means they are quite clean (for an airport restroom, anyway) and they have mouthwash and other goodies. Traveling with a small child? There are family restrooms available as well.
1	OK, so there's nothing horribly bad or incredibly wonderful about this airport, but the restroom attendants are totally creepy.  They're also unnecessary--there are plenty of airports that don't have creepy attendants and which have pristine restrooms.  The last thing I want in a public bathroom is some overly enthusiastic dude getting all up in my grill wishing me a wonderful day and trying to push paper towels into my hand.  The obnoxious obviousness for tips is annoying as well.  Why should I help subsidize the salary of an airport employee just because I took a whiz?  Get rid of these dookie denizens so people can do their business in peace and not get hit up for cash.
1	This airport has ridiculously long lines.  Overpriced food at airports is a given, but the sandwiches & wraps at Ciao were borderline edible.  And, over an hour delay for our flight due to construction on the runway.Yes there are cute rocking chairs but they are usually occupied.
3	beautiful airport- no wall plugs
2	my reasoning of giving this airport 2 stars is only because its reallllly outdated, and im so used to SJC being so modern nice, and clean that i'm biased. there's 3 separate security check in lines which is great, but they're sure darn slow! only one person checking ID's and tickets. takes forever and a day without that 2nd person. not a whole lot of food choices as well, and their gift shops are very limited.
4	A clean, modern, relatively well-designed airport.  But be prepared to do some serious walking!  I don't know how it happens, but my connections through this airport are almost always at opposite ends of the place.  Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.  It really needs a train or something because even with the moving sidewalks, the amount of walking is excessive.  Pretty sure they have free wi-fi.
4	Some issues at security lines in terms of build up but over all the airport is great. Good lounge selection and decent food options. People watching in the rocking chairs is a good way to pass layover time.
3	Not as pretty as SFO, but definitely clean and friendly atmosphere. I dropped by here on a business trip and had an easy time navigating my way around. They say that most airports in America are configured the same way (ie. places to sit, places to eat, people coming and going) but not all are enjoyable to wait in. If anything, this airport was easy to wait in. Plus when you're flight is delayed and there's nothing else to do but mosey on over to high priced souvenir shops, it's nice to get a smile from the stranger behind the counter.
3	Get here early.  Security is bi-polar.  Either there is no line, or it's an hour. I would have given the airport 4 stars, but USAir is pretty much the major carrier here, and even with Star Alliance status, I couldn't get an ice cube in my water.   Otherwise, very clean, and easy gate access
4	I like CLT for a "bigger" airport.   Parking costs me $4 a day which is crazy cheap.  THe food isn't bad, there are some decent stores, and cool rocking chairs.  The secret to the security is check in on the end @ D+E.   Barely ever a line and when there is it moves faster for some odd reason.  Overall never had a problem here and its one of my favorite "bigger" airports.
4	Nice clean airport from what I could see.  We were on a 90 minute lay over on our way home and it was late.  There were still some places open which was nice.  Easy to get around.  Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.  I even managed to get ice in my was from US Air....not that has anything to do with the airport but I felt the need.
4	Another airport another day of hurry up and wait ! CLT is really a pretty cool airport, moving sidewalks a large food court, some nice Art and even a statue of the Queen outside, Charlotte is known as the Queen City. Oh yea, the TSA opened their checkpoint at 5:15 AM, my flight boarded at 5:35, get there and in line early.Due to the scrutiny of airport security, I can only award 4 stars.
4	as usual we were very happy with CLT, we live an hour closer to ATL but find it well worth the difference.  Parking and airport acess cheaper and easier, security shorter.  If only there was a smoking lounge, I could give 5 stars.  Jetblue is definetly the best cheap airline, legroom better, they care about their customers in many ways.
3	I don't travel by air too much, but based on the experiences I've had here, it's OK.All the agents, from the flight agents to the security ones always seem to be nice & helpful. Again, me not being the seasoned traveler, I need all the help I can get - even after reading the latest requirements. :)As for any airport I'm sure, timing is hit & miss. On a quick trip to ATL in the fall two years ago, I left in the evening & got through security no problem.  July of 2010, I took a trip to CHI & left prior to 5 PM & it was a madhouse.  I stood in the line for security for over an hour.More or less, go in with an open mind & know you're going to have to wait. They do have shops / restaurants & bars to help you pass the time.Plenty of daily parking & overflow lots, as well as the "T-Mobile waiting area" near drop off / pick up. I do hate the mindless circle you have to take coming in & out of there. It's a wonder they don't have many a traffic jam & accidents there.
4	This airport is almost TOO big. Make sure you give yourself LOTS of time to get to your gate if you have a layover. I'm not sure why they separate US Airways (I landed in C and had to run to E) but its frustrating and I'm sure a lot of people miss flights.They have a ton of food options, singing bathroom attendants, and shuttles for older people who can not walk the extremely large airport!
2	For some reason, I found this airport to be kind of depressing.  The fact that I arrived here after a red-eye from Phoenix didn't help make it any less depressing.  Compared to other really nice airports I have been to (Phoenix Sky Harbor, LAX, Detroit...), the rugs and chairs and pretty much everything at Charlotte-Douglas International seemed kind of old.  Perhaps it was just the particular terminal I was in (US Airways...never flying with them again, but that's another story), and maybe the rest of the airport isn't quite so bad.  I've only been here once, so I wouldn't know.But still, it's an airport.  It's meant to be a place to board and disembark from planes.  And it suits that purpose just fine, but I prefer airports that are nice to wander around at during a layover  This one isn't.
5	Uebrsichtlicher Flughafen, man wartet nie langer aufs Gepaeck.auch ist man schnell mit dem Shutllebus bei den Mietwagenfirmen.Hier fliege ich gerne hin, durch, etc
3	I like how updated and clean this airport is compared to others.  However, the attendants at the gate (at least for US Airways shuttle flights) can be annoyingly slow and meh, for lack of a better word.  Be cautious though, if you have a short connection time.  Your travel from one gate to another can be verrrrry lengthy.  I agree with Nicole S. - not sure why they put US Airways flights in different concourses, especially when a million of them connect in Charlotte...
5	I really like this airport.  The people movers work, great directions, carts will take you places.Free wifi!!!!!!!Electricity for laptops...plenty of restaurants, and of nice variety
2	I connected through CLT on a recent trip. I have to say, as a former resident of the Charlotte area, and after experiencing the ease of my home airport (Dallas-Fort Worth Int'l), this airport could be so much better.It seems that CLT just keeps building on to itself and is making itself bigger and stretched so far that it is now a chore to have a connecting flight there.
3	This airport is pretty huge. It has a real nice area by the food that has a bunch of rocking chairs by the windows. The seating areas are a little dated and the chairs are pretty beat. Otherwise, it's an airport so I don't expect too much
3	I really didn't get much of a chance to see this airport as I was just connecting through.  The short version is I was flying back from Kansas City to Pittsburgh, so what better place to have me connect in than Charlottle!  A little outta the way, ya think?  I'd booked on United Airlines, but both returning segments were on a US Airways code-shared flight.  So thank you very much United and US Airways for that creative routing!  And of course my connection was at dinnertime!  Mercifully, both flight segments were in and out of Concourse D.  So I guess the three stars are for the slice of Freschetta Pizza I bought at their stand.
5	Jamba Juice and free WiFi.
5	I love CLT!! My favorite airport to get stuck in. The people are nice, the food is greasy and somewhat southern, the wi-fi is free, and they have rocking chairs! What more could you ask for? Seriously.
4	I like this airport.  Check-in hasn't ever been bad for me.  Security/TSA has been as good as one could expect.  If you have time to spare, the rocking chairs rock!  Plus, the food choices are top notch!They are work on the baggage claim area, it seems...which this area is pretty much a dungeon at the moment.OH!  What's with the terrifying Queen Charlotte statue in front of the airport?!?!?!  I'm a grown man and that thing almost had me running in the opposite direction, screaming, with arms in the air!!!Free wifi!
4	Well, since this is the only airport within a 60 mile radius of Charlotte, I have to use it.  I don't mind, especially when I have to fy out.   The lines are typically pretty long going into the terminal area - just put on your patience hat and be nice.  I LOVE the rocking chairs, when one is available.  When someone is playing the piano, it puts the icing on the rocking cake!
3	It's not designed great, but not bad either. Typical smaller airport. What ticks me off is early morning flights and long term parking.  Used to be 2.50 a day but now it's 4.Worst part? They don't close long term when there are no spots and people are parked on the grass. I actually circled for 20 minutes in long term 2 until the first morning flight came in.Otherwise, decent place for layovers and flights. I like CLT way better than the larger EWR.
4	Love Charlotte-Douglas because of US Air, (Delta Sucks).  Terminal E is a trek, but the eating selection is great.  I would like free Wi-Fi.
4	You gotta love an airport with rocking chairs!Welcome to CLT!!  Granted there are nicer, larger airports throughout the country that have better restaurant options, etc, but there's something about CLT airport that is familiar and comfortable.  It's quaint, people are nice, and yes, there are rocking chairs.  There's good signage to get you from point A to B and decent (not great) but decent eateries along the way.  My fav of which is Jamba Juice - definitely check them out!The D terminal seems to be the nicest, newest looking terminal.  There's a rum bar, ale house, gourmet to go food section, and the gates are large.  The other terminals tend to have a very small seating section at the gates, spilling people into the walk-way which inevitably ends up blocking foot traffic (and of course the motorized carts) which can be annoying.  What else can I say - it's an airport - been to better, been to worse.  All  in all, I try to stop over in CLT if I can't fly direct.
1	worst airport experience EVER...everyone was extremely rude....a lady at the information desk ignored us while talking it up with her boyfriend..but to start....the customs process takes FOREVER. they ask the most inappropriate questions ( how come you and your girlfriend arent married?). rude rude rude...then the whole TSA  experience OMG... lines 250 people deep and you can see other people naked on the x ray screens and they will actually pat your testicles... we only had a hour and a half layover  on the same plane in the same seats with the same luggage ....my girlfriends luggage still hasnt shown up even though they charged us 100$ for the 2 checked bags ( us airways doesnt tell you they charge you 2x for your bags even though its a round trip..who am i to assume the initial 50 in the round trip confirmation wasnt enough or was i to assume that US airways expects you to come home with less luggage then you go on vacation with (gifts??? duh)).....worst experience ever....bathrooms were out of paper, piss everywhere, and we almost missed our connection ON THE SAME PLANE
3	Not a bad airport. However they do have those full naked body scanners that the TSA (tyrannical security administration) uses. OPT OUT!  Remember the FOURTH amendment. It has some decent places to eat... even a "California Pizza Kitchen". Overall not a bad airport. Would be 4 stars if it wasn't for the nude body scanners.
3	Before going through security this airport seems small and quaint, but beyond that it's pretty expansive. The security lines move fast enough, and the TSA agents are some of the nicest I've ever had feel me up.Overall a fine place to fly in or out. It's clean and has all the standards you'd expect at an airport.
4	What kind employees in Charlotte! I received more "have a nice days" than Forrest Gump could ever have imagined! These folks are happy at their jobs....the food prep folks, cashiers, washroom attendants, and airline peeps working the gates must all be drinking the same joyful water! This airport is clean, organized, and roomy enough for a good amount of traffic to not feel cramped. And the rocking chairs in the common areas that still have all the modern conveniences for charging the toys makes it feel like home away from home. No wonder everyone was ordering smaller lattes that day - the warmth of this airport already had them feeling cozy :)
4	Clean and a quick airport to get in and out of!
3	The Charlotte Airport gets busier and and bigger each time I fly, which is only about once a year.  I thought I may have been imaging how busy the airport is just due to being impatient, but it is one of the busiest in the US.  After Chiquita decided to moved their HQ to Charlotte because of more flights, I looked it up.  Charlotte is the 7th busiest airport in the US for scheduled flights and 17th busiest US airport based on passenger traffic.  It is definitely not a sleepy southern airport and it can get hectic.  I arrived for a 7am weekend flight, had to park a good distance away and take a shuttle in to the terminal.  The long term perking was cheap at $4 a day.  Upon being dropped off in front of the terminal, I checked my bag with the skycap which was quick and painless.  I did what I always did which is walk to the least busy checkpoint.  The Charlotte airport is still not very big, so all gates and concourses can be accessed easily from any checkpoint.  The main checkpoint had a very long line as usual.  Charlotte has the body scanners so you will need to remove EVERYTHING from your pockets, including your wallet and any paper.The concourses were also busy, and the gates were crowded with passengers - mostly transplants going to Buffalo, Philly,NYC but a few going to places like Florida.   There are some nice food options here, but the only thing I have ever bought here is Jamba Juice.  I used to think it was better than Smoothie King and wanted other accessible locations in Charlotte, but the smoothie I got this time wasn't very good so I am happy with Smoothie King.After I landed in Buffalo, the airport there was surprisingly calm, and was also calm when I left.  Charlotte's airport is reflective of what the city is today - no longer a slow southern city but rather a fast paced city with people in a hurry to get everywhere.  The city of Buffalo itself had a much slower pace than Charlotte with a lot less traffic.  It took no longer than 20 minutes to get anywhere - even to the outer burbs.  When returning, there were at least a dozen TSA agents at BUF doing nothing, so each person was  able to get into their own line.CLT is definitely a nice airport, but don't let those rocking chairs fool you.  It's not a relaxed airport.
4	Rocking chairs, BBQ and free wireless. If it were not for the fact I often get layovers here longer than it would take me to drive home, I would give it a 5.
3	Meh. I do not love this airport. But that might be because I am normally flying USAirways when I come through here.I traditionally hate them as an airline.I feel like the security line is always ridiculously long here, and the airport is a litle tough to navigate.I feel like it's a  big airport trying to act like a small airport and not quite making it.  It's alright, but like I said, I don't love it.
5	This is the best airport I've been to so far - hands down!  Maybe it is because it is nearing the holiday season - a warm, comfy glow just emanates from this airport.  Most other airports that I've vsited fall into one of the following three categories: cold and industrial, dingy and rundown, or pretentious luxury.  This smaller international hub however has a warm personality all its own.  I don't usually enjoy being at airports because one is just waiting to go somewhere else or waiting on someone.  Why waste time??There are rocking chairs in the main concourse, and a volunteer pianist displaying her skills on the grand piano.  There is yummy sushi in both the main area as well as in one of the other concourses.  There is a somewhat hidden, quiet, and very chill lounge-like area behind the smaller sushi place.  Perfect for vegging out and surfing on the airport's free wifi while waiting for your flight.  Starbucks is everywhere and there is even a pinkberry.  Lots of random affordable shops for browsing - duty free (of course), the New York Times bookstore and a Pandora to name a few.  Thanks for making the waiting so much more bearable.
3	I had a long layover at the Charlotte-Douglas airport going to and from New Orleans. I got to spend some time meandering around this airport.I like the layout - much more than other airports - and it's easy to get around from flight to food, etc. They have a center terminal and circular intersections of the other various terminals that all have huge beautiful windows and white rocking chairs. After I ate some food in the food court (mostly fast food, but a few decent options), I spotted an open rocking chair and made myself at home. I also utilized their FREE WIRELESS! I think it should be standard that wireless is free in all airports and it always bothers me when it isn't. It's a fun people watching airport too while sitting in the chairs.
4	Niiiice airport. I usually fly through Atlanta, but happened to have a rare return connection on a recent flight thru here. What I love most is the ambiance -- very modern and open. Cool structural artwork like airplanes in the atrium. Everything was festively decorated for the holidays. And there was a friggin' pianist playing jazzed up holiday tunes on a grand piano. Classy!Logistics are mostly good too. Signage is easy to read and follow. Tons of moving walkways to help you navigate more quickly. Which you may need to do since the terminals are unfortunately spread out, and there's no way between but by foot. That would admittedly suck if you were on a tight connx. My food choices sort of fell in the middle; but I've definitely experienced worse.
3	All three stars go to the ladies in charge of the bathrooms.  Charlotte has the best bathrooms - its official. Super clean, mints, perfume and a lovely welcome "Hello welcome, welcome - all the rooms are clean."Both food options I tried were awful - there was a sushi bar but it was 9 deep so no chance of a seat there.  Lots of rocking chairs for some reason but the biz folk looked very comfy in them with their puters and kindles.
3	I like the rocking chairs and the view at sunrise at the end of terminal D.
3	Eh, this airport felt a little tired and dirty.  The bathrooms were pretty gross, even though they had attendants.  I think this will be a hub for layovers from my new city and I'm a little bummed about that.  I'm hoping TPTB are planning an upgrade!!
4	it's a very bright and sunny airport. on an early layover, so not that much was open. on the way back, we only had 5 minutes to make our connection so basically we just ran through the place. maybe next time....
4	Beautiful! Was in US Airways terminal.  Plenty of places open and serving at 10:00 pm (when I had left New Orleans at 6:30pm and there was NOTHING serving except UNO pizzas in food stands and rude people telling me it would be 7 minutes and continued to play on her flip phone from the 80s.)
4	THE MALL OF AIRPORTS!!!!This airport is HUGE, I mean really! It's waaaay bigger than LAX in Los Angeles, and has so many really nice stores that you can forget that you were actually in an airport.I was simply changing flights, and didn't have much time to do any shopping, but this is a place that someone could spend the afternoon shopping in. Even the restaurants were a step up from what you would usually expect from an airport.They should change the name to:Charlotte-Douglas MALL / International Airport :p
4	I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad. It's a bit sprawling but it's clean. I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar. Plus, there's a Pinkberry! It's at the entrance to terminal D. I can't speak for customs, parking, or going through security because I've only had connections here.
3	These are one of those reviews where I don't know what to say. How do you review airports, churches and so forth? I landed here from Buffalo New York for a connecting flight to LAX. I was hungry, they had a decent food court and I was fed. It was quite crowded but it was understandable because it was the holidays. My connecting flight took about an hour and a half. Other than that it's alright.
4	I like this airport. I've been stuck here many a-times between domestic and international layovers.  The layout is pretty easy to understand - you do have to walk a lot between terminals so wear comfy shoes and have good wheels on your suitcase.  Most if not all the terminals are connected via walking so you don't need to catch a shuttle. However this means you are walking a lot - as I said above.The main hub area that connects a lot of the terminals together has a good selection of restaurants.  I've hung out there a few times - once during my layover in 2005 from Nicaragua where I watched the Superbowl at a Chili's or something similar.  There are definitely a few vegan options around for food.There are some good stores for shopping too if you have more time to kill after that first or second Bloody Mary.It's not the best airport but it's pretty good as far as navigation, food quality and choices, and cleanliness goes.
3	Given that this is presently my "home airport" I'd better know it enough to review it given that I feel quick to comment on the other airports I've been through.Bottom line: the place is relatively clean, easy to navigate (in comparison) and is almost done up-fitting the retail to come up to the current trend of "mall-like" experiences.  All terminals are span out from a center like the hub and spoke system of the airlines.  The center court in the middle is best known for its cluster of shoppes, restaurants and (best loved) row of white rocking chairs that ironically back up to the people-mover walkways.  People watching, alone, is worth the price of admission and the vast open space feels busy and energetic during prime time, but never stuffy.E Terminal is they newest and definitely feels so. If you fly international from Charlotte, you will be there.  Seems there is a bigger selection of stores here but all terminals have some options.For those parking at Charlotte, you've got the usual choices of hourly, daily, long-tern and remote- each with successive price decreases but increasing distances from the terminal.  A flurry of busses constantly circuits from the lots to the terminal and, unless you arrive late at night, are plentiful and well-marked.  After hours we have much better success contacting an airport employee to let them know which bus we fare looking for.  Just remember where you park- long term one is very different from long term 2!For those wanting a higher level of service, there is also terminal level valet and business valet.  While I get the convenience of pulling up to the terminal and dropping off they keys, I do not understand the business valet- it is further away than remote parking and you still have to ride a bus.  Yes, they will change your oil and clean the car (for an additional price) but the premium you pay here does not justify the product.  My advice: skip business valet entirely.Otherwise, CLT is a typical airport but modern, clean, and open enough to make your time there easier to enjoy.
3	There is a restroom butler! Really! Is that necessary in an airport? With a tip jar? Or was this the high end VIP lounge? Huge distances between gates. For a connecting airport this is a tight race. Short notice on change of gate notifications.
4	If I was reviewing on safety, 1 bar, since I fell and sprained my ankle running to catch a connecting flight! haha.  Seriously though, it was partly the airlines fought for making us late (mechanical probs), but mostly mine for deciding to wear anything but flats.  Swollen ankle aside, CLT is a typical airport.  The terminals are a million miles apart (hence, the running to make our flight).  It's clean and offers enough food and shopping choices to keep you happy, although I can't name anything specific, since it was all in a blur as I sprinted passed.  I wish I could rate the security, as that is the true test of an airport, in my opinion, but I have only ever caught a connecting here.
4	Easy to navigate and lots of shops.  LaCoste inside an airport???
3	Wasn't in the airport for too long. But it was really cute and nice. Less hectic than the usual large airports I've been too.
5	I've flown several overnight flights on US Airways from San Diego to Norfolk and always stop here.  The first thing I see getting of the plane is Bojangles, love it!  Good airport, never delayed.....knocking on wood.
3	This airport is A-OK.  It is large and there are shops and places to eat.  I'm not so much into shopping at an airport, but I guess there is a demographic it appeals to.You could have a bit of a hike depending on connecting gates.  I would not book a tight connection if you don't have to.There is also art work in a few locations within the terminal on loan from a local museum.
3	Alright airport - Big, bright and airy with a decent amount of eateries. Probably worthy of 4 stars if my last experience here hadn't been so bad...Return from Montego Bay to SFO after a Christmas vacay we were late to leave MoBay because of ''delays at Charlotte'. Yeah.. no specific information, just delays. Little did we know it would get worse..We arrive in Charlotte with 45 minutes to get off the plane, collect our luggage, recheck our luggage,  go through security and board before our connecting flight takes off. It's one crazy mad dash which we amazingly make in time but not before the a$$holes at security deliberately pick out all of those in rush and send us through the full body scanner! Pi$$ed off is an understatement. Should we have had time we would have told them ''hell no!''. I guess they have targets to hit and knew we really had no choice - it was go through or miss our flight. Or so we thought..After the sprint through the airport and board the plane with minutes spare we got told the flight would then be delayed at least an hour. The pilot said it could be 2-3 due to ''bad weather in San Francisco'' but would see if he could get the time down.Really? There was no bad weather in San Francisco. Apart from being a bit cold it was actually a very still and fog free night (I checked on my cell). Passing the blame for the airport effing up is not cool. An hour went by and it's declared we're ok for take off but then proceed to sit on the runway for almost another hour! I don't know what the problem was but they didn't even bother to tell us, it's like they had just given up trying to make excuses. We finally got back to SFO almost 2 and a half hours later than we were meant to thanx to whatever issues Charlotte were clearly having that night.One bad experience out of 4 or 5 isn't so bad though, generally the airport is pretty good. Seating in the terminals is ample but the chairs are not so comfortable so I recommend heading to the center of the airport where all the terminals meet. That's where they keep the comfy rocking chairs and where all the eateries and shops are. Places to eat include Chilis, Burger King, Papa Johns and Pinkberry.Restrooms here are nice too and is one of the few airports I have visited that still have assistants. Lovely ladies that supply you with breath mints, sanitizer and a spritz of perfume.Bonus Tip Free wireless!
4	This airport, while only my host for the briefest of layovers, impressed me. As a hub for many airlines, it makes sense that the facility would be huge and expansive, but it is not as hard to navigate as I thought when I first got there. The rocking chairs are epic, as is the spa facility. There is also a pandora store that I stopped in to kill some time, and the staff are always saying hello and wishing you a safe journey. I encountered the bathroom attendants who have everything from mouthwash to perfume, tampons and deodorant on their table, and make sure that the facilities are clean. They also make sure to let you know they are grateful for a tip...the one in my restroom kept saying "Bless you for the blessing, Ma'am..."They have plenty of dining options, stores and the amount of glass makes it nice and bright on a sunny day....a very modern and thanks to all the walkways, it is passenger friendly..just know if you see me running to my gate to get out of my way!
2	(2.75 stars)  Charlotte-Douglas may be my favorite large airport in the Eastern US.  The arrangement of terminals is easy to maneuver, while the terminals themselves are well-lit and airy.  There are many dining and drinking options, and cool rocking chairs.  The gate waiting areas are too small, but there are better areas to wait.  The car rental experience is on-site and efficient.  TSA Security at Charlotte-Douglas seems to be able to expand during busy periods, and hasn't caused me any issues in dozens of flights.  While not close to downtown, getting to the airport (or from airport to city) has always been smooth.  The information booth folks are actually helpful; quite a change if you're arriving from Miami or NY/JFK.  A very late arriving flight once caused me to miss a connection and on that particular night finding a nearby motel was pretty easy.
4	It seems I'm always rushing through this airport to make my next flight. While that may seem like a bad thing, I've never missed a flight going through Charlotte, and I've never had a delay. Unfortunately as I'm speed-walking past everyone, I wish I could stop and look at things because it seems like a good airport to spend a layover in and explore.Also, any airport with a Jamba Juice is alright with me.
3	While it's my local airport, it's not my favorite. CLT is improving (and is making conscious efforts to do so), but has some more ground to cover.I know the layout well enough since I've been through a few times - I feel sorry for people just connecting. The tree-branching of the terminals can be tricky to navigate. The retail and restaurant options have improved dramatically lately.  Parking isn't fun (and hiking to the shuttle stops leaves much to be desired).And security.  By far the worst security I've ever passed through (including my random bag check in a Central American country by someone who didn't know English..that was a much better experience). Security in Charlotte is painstakingly slow. And the TSA agents here need to realize you can be professional and authoritative without being an asshole. I've only encountered one agent who wasn't rude, forceful, and suspicious of everyone (and that's because she seemed very new - I hope she gets out before it ruins her).I do appreciate the cell phone lot...a nearby, free parking spot for when you are waiting on a flight to arrive. And, I will admit, the number of flights and possible destinations has greatly expanded. If only the other kinks could be worked out...
5	After Nashville, this is one of my favorite airports.  It just always seems clean, friendly, easy to go from terminal to terminal, not a lot of delays since it's not in a bad winter weather region.. That's really all I ask for in an airport.  That, and a few good places to grab a cocktail pre-boarding.  There are several of those in the main area, and a nice and clean food court, plus a Body Shop and some other little boutique stores.  I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services.
3	It is cute the way they have these white ricking chairs scattered throughout the airport. Supposed to be some kind of "Southern Charm" thing going on.  The moving sidewalks are helpful and there are plenty of EZ go's for disabled people to ride on.  Other than that it is just another airport.
5	Easy in and out AirportGreat Food SpotsPlenty of casual areas to relaxGreat Shopping too!Free Wi-Fi
4	Charlotte has a warm feel to it, the airport is very spacious with trees and chairs that seem to pop up in random areas. Its nice I guess cause you never know when you need to have a seat? Yes I was there in the wee morning but the directions and setup made my walk to the next terminal an easy one. No strange turns left and right and no trolley rides to get to another terminal. Seriously....unless you are in HKG or really have that many flights out then a trolley...or better yet how about an airtrain?And to think I was there during rush hour.
4	The airport is easy to get out of and easy to get to.TSA is as slow as they can be.Too many agents to few open lines.
4	Compared to other airports I like CLT!  They have gotten a little slow on getting gate checked bags to us.  Each bathroom has an attendant and is always clean.
4	This airport is one of the biggest and cleanest airports I've ever been in. There are information booths everywhere, as well as bathrooms, charging centers for your electronics, stores, and actual banks.Another good thing is that there is absolutely NO SMOKING inside the terminals.
2	Very outdated, and super crowded. It is nearly impossible to walk in a straight line, and there is not nearly enough seating in the concourse.Boarding was very chaotic, as there was really no where to stand or line up without getting in everyone else's  way.
4	Nice airport with free Wi FI and some very good restaurants.  Relatively easy to navigate and non-smoking.  As "Justin A" pointed out in his review, they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.  My cell phone battery just doesn't last as long as it used to.  I also was surprised to see that each bathroom has an attendant with mints and mouthwash and the bathrooms are always clean.
4	Ok, so ive had a few times where I was stuck on layover in this airport and I will say it def wasn't the worst experience. Actually with the numerous food options I wasn't bad off at all! The security line is a little iffy and unorganized but nothing too serious. I went to school in High Point and they only had a 5am and 12 shuttle to CLT which sucked, but again I didn't mind gettin there super early because of all the food choices. That plus the cheap nonstop flights to BWI and ATL def make CLT a winner!
5	Thank You American Airlines counter for being down I got to check not one but two bags in for free. Staff was pleasant and helped expedite those on our flight so we wouldn't miss it.
3	Stepping off the plane and into this airport was a bit like a Dramamine induced hallucination.Rocking chairs... white, a hundred in a row, man with a laptop in rocking chair (it's a weird site if you've never seen it)... man playing a grand piano in the middle of a food court... crazy lady yellin' about vinegar and barbecue... psychedelic carpet... fried pickle!Is this a Homer-Simpson fever dream? No. It's the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport.
5	Charlotte Douglas airport  is a credit to the area.The place is clean , bright and comfortable.The people are friendly and respectful.Well done Charlotte.A1.Ya'll have a nice day ya hear.My husband and I are plane buffs .Seeing the plane that landed in the Hudson at the air museum is a must.
5	Vrrrrwwwwwww!   Time to fly!  I know I haven't been to that many airports, but I do like Charlotte Douglas!  I feel that it's pretty big, and while walking through the walkways are big enough to where you aren't always bumping into people.  The main area where the concourses split is nice with a big open view.  It's nice and southern with the rocking chairs for you to sit in as well.  I also really like this airport because it seems so clean the times that I get here.  From the moment I step out of my car to the check-in, and then all the way to my gate for take off.  The bathrooms are always well kept too.I'm a person that likes little fun details, and on my walk through Concourse A, I noticed that they have movie posters up of all the movies filmed in Charlotte (like Shallow Hal, Talladega Nights, Hunger Games, etc.).  Fun stuff!I'm sure that people who have to stop by CLT for a layover shouldn't be sad to be in a nice airport like this.
4	I had a quick 1 hour layover with plenty of food options, lots of seating, friendly people and clean bathrooms.  Can't really ask for too much more.
4	Not a bad place for layovers. Plenty of food places and variety of stores. It's nice, clean, and always under new build of the next big thing. I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself. The food at the food court could be better though.
3	This is actually a pretty nice airport, and they've got some nice amenities (I'm looking at you, Starbucks, and your multiple convenient locations. And maybe at you, too, Lacoste. I never know when I'll have a craving for a golf shirt during a layover.).My only beef is that they appear to be completely inept at managing the incoming/outbound flights. I was rerouted to two seperate gates while waiting for one flight, and both times there were 20-50 minute delays in getting the plane in the air. Great airport, but make sure you have a little time to kill if you've got a layover; you'll probably spend it running.
4	Clean. Easy to navigate. As a first time visitor to this airport but a frequent flyer in many others Charlotte Douglas gets 4 stars.
4	I've now flown through here a couple of times for business in Charlotte.  It's a nice airport, decent places to eat/snack, etc.  I've not had any problems flying in our out.The airport is pretty clean and, while car rental requires a shuttle, it's a quick shuttle ride and the shuttles are frequent.They do have free wi-fi but, it's a bit of a pain in the ass to connect...you have to wait through a stupid AOL advertising video.  Really?  AOL?  you have got to be kidding, right?One very odd thing...they have bathroom attendants.  Yes.  Really.  In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.  They are VERY clean, some of the cleanest I have ever been in for an airport.  But, then you feel guilty because you should really tip these guys.  But, I usually don't travel with much cash, so, I didn't have any money for a tip....sad
4	Nice airport with good dining choices. The US Airways Lounge is great too.
3	Gorgeous airport! I was a little dismayed that I had to walk from the B concourse to the D concourse (which is a very far walk) despite the fact that I was connecting on the same airline.
4	Lots of US airways flight must mean Charlotte-Douglas is a hub for the airline.Large clean marbled floor restrooms are convenient. Some terminals even have private family restrooms (where I prefer to go when traveling with my dogs).Lots of healthy food options. I just had the bombest salad at Salsaritas Fresh Cantina (for under $7).Though a decent sized airport it's easy to get around. Spacious and uncluttered from the inside. large windows welcome in the sunlight making it bright and thus appearing larger and more spacious than it is. Seats at waiting area near gates are modern and comfortable.Moviefone sponsors FREE wifi so watch the 30 second add and get online for free!
4	It is actually one of the smoothest airports to navigate and has quite a variety of food options, both healthy and fast food.  The staff, for the most part, are quite accommodating and all the facilities, terminals, and decor are modern and clean looking.  It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International
4	At least the US Airways terminal (which might be the whole airport, i'm not sure) is awesome.  It is bright with real sunlight when possible with large windows and wonderful little rocking chairs to hang out on.  They have a Chili's there right in the middle which is always a favorite with me, especially at the end of a long trip. Who can say no to chips and salsa? AND a beer?  I didn't think so.It is super easy to get around the airport and while it is a spread out, it goes pretty quick.  I think they have free wi-fi too, and pretty good shopping if you left something at home.
4	Not bad I'm assuming this is the hub for us airways since the entire airport is for us airways. A lot better airport to transfer than any other one I've been a lot of food court and space and is clean! However I don't think I'm a big fan of us airways at all. My whole flight from SF to Charlotte had no service since its over night. the airport is not to crowded but that could be me since i was there at 8:00 am. If I was to take a transfer fight i would def try to look for a transfer flight over here.
4	Great airport, and that's coming from someone who usually hates flying U.S. Airways (which CLT is a hub for).  They fly direct to San Diego, which has been useful for me going back to my college days flying out of Roanoke, VA.  The U.S. Airways terminal has a Bojangles next to the gate flying to San Diego, which is a welcome treat everytime I see it.  There's no better way to say bye to North Carolina than with a Cajun Filet Biscuit.  They could use more power outlets, but they also get credit for the awesome rocking chairs around the terminal.
2	This airport is just kinda weird. I went to the Caribbean via US Air and had to transfer here twice. The first time I was able to sneak onto the early flight in the adjacent gate, so I didn't spend much time here. The second time though, I had a 3 hour layover, so I was able to do some wandering.Customs and Immigration was about average in terms of time and service. When I got through, I had to go through security again. This was the main weird part for me. There was a VERY high tech security scanning system that was not your typical metal detector. You have to stand and turn and then they scan you. JFK is my main airport, and nothing there even comes close to the CIA system in place here. And it's safe to say JFK has a much higher demand for an elaborate security system than CDT. My next complaint was that the result of this security system, the line moved verrrryyyyyy slowwwwly. It was not streamlined at all, and it took much longer than necessary because the employees were just really laid back and not in any rush. This didn't affect me because I'm a lunatic who leaves exorbitant amounts of time in between airline connections, but it IS a US Air hub and some people need to make their connections! Pick up the pace guys!Once I got through, there was a nice central atrium with Adirondack chairs and then dated low-ceilinged hubs with generic seating areas. The central atrium was actually pleasant to spend some time in. As far as food goes, there was typical stuff, but also a Papa John's. It's nice to not have to rely on Sbarro and Famous Famiglia, and my Papa John's was pretty tasty. If I wasn't traveling alone, I probably would have chosen the tequila driven Tex Mex place too, which had a bar and some tables.
1	Your Free Wi-Fi is totally useless. Maybe you should spring a couple of bucks and throw it in as a reliable courtesy instead of having AOL sponsor. AOL is about as relevant as Windows 3.1; isn't it neat how you don't have to type those DOS prompts anymore? No, really though, we'd prefer a service that works for a fee than one that doesn't for free. Thanks for screwing up 2 hours of my day in which I planned to get some work done at the airport! YOU GOT MAIL (AOL voice)
3	Ugh. This is one of the more confusing airports for me, even though it's my hometown. Just because you are transferring on the same airline doesn't mean your connecting flight will be in the same terminal. You also may find yourself making olympic time sprinting to the airport trying to make your connection. However if you do have time to meander, they have nooks with rocking chairs, plenty of food options and shops. They are all usually a blur to me as I'm rushing to my gate. Security is pretty average here, not a long wait to get through the lines at all.
3	This is a good airport for first-time flyers, as it's not terribly large and overwhelming like ATL. There are plenty of food options, from standard fast food to sit-down restaurants. Many of the places are open pretty early. It is bright, clean, and there is plenty of seating. Bathrooms are clean and there is an attendant on duty. It can get crowded like any other airport, but security moves pretty fast.
3	I'm not a seasoned airport pro by any means, but Charlotte is certainly a pretty good one (at least it's better than Atlanta).  Busy, but not overly so, I have never waited longer than 20 minutes in the security checkpoint line.  As others have said, there are 3 checkpoints, so if the one closest to you seems busy, try other ones, they may be faster.  The TSA agents are usually pretty cheery here, which is always nice when you're toting a fussy (or talkative) toddler through the checkpoint.I only wish there were a few more food and drink options outside of security.  Currently there's a Starbucks on the top level by the departure desks, and that's about it.  Now, I understand the airport was built before the security restrictions were tightened (which is a shame, because I love going to the airport, and I'd probably go there to hang out if you didn't need a ticket to get in), but it would be nice if there were more things.Also, seriously?  Quit it with the Cinnabon.  You can smell it from a terminal away!  I don't always want a $4 cinnamon bun, but that smell is just so damn enticing that I just can't resist sometimes!  I guess it's better than the stale breath smell of an airplane, though :P
4	Cleanest.  Airport.  Ever.
4	CLT a year ago? 3 stars. CLT now? 4 stars. CLT 5 years from now? 5 stars. I'm sure not everybody is aware of the rapid growth CLT is going though. Just in the past 5 years, CLT has expanded the terminal, added new parking decks, and refurbished the baggage claim area (which is MUCH better than it used to be). In the next 5 years, CLT is planning to expand the roadway outside the airport, add an extension to the E terminal, add another security checkpoint, build 2 new parking decks, and make various improvements to the airport including many new restaurants. Flying through CLT is extremely easy. The airport is layout is like a hand--1 terminal with 5 "wings" if you will. Concourse A belongs to Delta, airTran, American, United, and Air Canada Jazz. Concourses B and C belong to US Airways domestic travel. Concourse D is home to US Airways international travel, some US Airways domestic travel, jetBlue, and the daily Lufthansa flight to Munich. Concourse E is home to US Airways Express. D and E are the newest concourses, and are very nice. Concourse D was just redone, adding a lounge area complete with sushi and Pinkberry, which is delicious. Security wait times are usually manageable, and with the new addition coming in June of a 5th security checkpoints, security should be a breeze. I have found staff to be pretty friendly all around. Delays are usually not bad at CLT, and runway congestion is nearly absent with the addition of a 4th runway at Charlotte. Charlotte offers a wide variety of destinations, including European cities such as Frankfurt, Munich, and Rome. Overall, an airport that's rapidly improving. Another nice touch is that WiFi is free. They also have volunteer piano players in the atrium on certain days, which is really fantastic to listen to.To read more about the expansion, head over to the airport's web site. Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta, Washington, or the New York airports.
3	When I fly USAirways I usually get routed through Charlotte. Here's what I don't like:Bathroom attendants with tip jars. I like a clean bathroom, but having a woman in there greeting each person, cleaning every toilet between each use, and doling out paper towels to you...for tips? Kinda makes me feel not so clean...what if I didn't have a dollar? Then I'd just be a terrible person for not tipping her. Also, the smell of her spray is overpowering.Gate attendants are really aggressive about the 2 carry-on policy. This annoys me to no end, especially on BIG planes that only have 20-40 people on them. My purse isn't large, neither is my backpack. I keep my meds, phone, and tickets in my purse, I carry my snacks, a sweater, and toiletries in my pack. The purse fits in the pack. I have a 3rd small carry on, which is my expensive work equipment. I am willing to plane side check it because most of the planes I'm on are too small for even a "regulation" carry on. Soooo...I tend to assume I'll be checking plane-side...which is why the purse generally isn't in the pack. This is the only airport I've been at where the gate staff THREE TIMES made me stuff my purse into my pack before boarding. Other than that huge annoyance, the signage is decent, the food options are ok. It's just not a very pretty airport. They do have a lot of rocking chairs though.
3	Pretty good airport - average selection of restaurants/shops, but easy to get past security.  I found the Delta gate agents terrible - not sure if I should blame the airport or the airlines, but they were unfriendly, and aggressive with the "you have to check this" attitude.  Our flight was not full, and there was easily enough room for plenty more in the overhead bins, yet they kept asking for volunteers to check their bags - and they weren't nice about it!  Airport bathrooms had tables with mouthwash, feminine products, and mints.  Bathrooms weren't super clean, but I thought that was a nice touch.   There weren't any attendants as Brittany L mentions, but maybe they only have them at certain times - agreed, that would be a little weird.
3	I was delayed at this airport and I must say I was really happy to see a spa there. I got a 20 minute massage for $30 and it was worth every minute.
4	We're usually routed through here for our Caribbean trips as well. It's a pretty decent airport, not as much hustle and bustle like LAX or Philadelphia has. I think because of us coming through this airport so much, I'd like to explore Charlotte a little more, it seems like a pretty cool place :)
4	A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping. The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean
2	The two stars are bonus points, but it gets the basics wrong.pro: - Bright, airy- I never need to walk miles to get to the terminal - Very cool statues greet people to the Queen City, those always put a smile on my face. cons: - No restaurants or bars available to hang out with family and friends and wait for the (often delayed) departing flight. That's a deal breaker for me. Security checks are here to stay, do something about it. - TSA agents are often rude and overly aggressive. Yes, compared to other big cities. - Employing bathroom attendants, News Break: hello, the fifties are over! - Not enough airlines service Charlotte or compete for its business. - Not enough direct flights in or out. Unless I want to make the trip 4 hours longer that need be, the only direct flights to London are with USfreakingAirways. For a wannabe INTERNATIONAL HUB that's not too famous.
5	Great airport with people movers, rocking chairs and power outlets everywhere.What else could you want?
3	Large us airways hub. It is hit or miss with delays and such. Over the past 3 years, I never had a delay. However, in the last month when I've flown through, I have been delayed 4 hours, and then missed my connection when the plane was still sitting at the gate. There is a large variety of food choices, which should appease the pickiest of eaters.
4	Nice clean terminals and lots of selections for food & bevvies makes this a great place to wait for your flight. Security is generally pretty easy to get through... no more than 15 minutes on my last 2 flights out of here.
3	It's an airport, but free WiFi that is pretty decent.  Hard to complain, it's a necessity.  It's clean, decent selection of restaurants, and when I'm there it looks better because of my whippin cool sweat headband, yeah, you can find me.
2	Long term parking lot was way over crowded. They have at least two but only one was open. Why? People were having to park on the curbs because no parking places were open. Plus, the shuttle bus was way over crowded and hot. Clearly they are not set up to handle the volume of traffic at the airport.  My wife and I try to always choose the security checkpoint lines with the metal detectors instead of the naked body scanners. But we were directed by the TSA folsk into a line where only the naked body scanner was being used. So we opted out, which meant that we had to wait for a pat down. And wait. And wait. I don't know what the delay was but it was ridiculous how long we had to wait. Once we were through the TSA nightmare, our experience in the airport wasn't too bad. There's lots of space at the airport so even though it's busy, you don't feel like you're in chaos. Free wifi worked very well. I would give them 3 stars except for the parking / shuttle buss situation. That's serious for me because I hate starting out a trip hot and sweaty which is exactly how I got on the over crowded shuttle bus.
3	This is a nice, clean airport. Not that I am a pro on travel or anything but there seems to be plenty of  shops and places to eat inside the security.......unlike other airports.
4	The airport was very easy to walk from one concourse to another.
4	Free wifi but not much range. Decent food selection. Go with Salsarita Breakfast Burritos! Wish there was a local alternative to Starbucks. It really isnt good coffee people. If you see an older pilot, don't try to be nice to them. They are disgruntled. You would be too if your company took over a million dollars of your pension away while upper management all took bonuses.
4	Had a layover here from AZ to Jamaica. We arrived around 6AM before/during shops were opening up. After walking around a bit we were able to locate a breakfast spot for a quick meal. After that we were off to Jamaica.No problems here mon'
3	HUGE airport with lots of cool stores inside! The taxi cab system outside is very disorganized. Please get it together before I travel again.  For some reason, I always seem to have a layover in Charlotte.
4	I had 2 layovers here in the last week & I really like this airport. Great food options and shopping. Everyone we dealt with from gate agents to security were really nice & helpful. I heard there was free WiFi but I wasn't getting much of a connection.
4	After I napped from Vegas to Charlotte we had our 1st lay over here. The first thing I noticed after coming off the plane was a lot of stores, food options, and pretty girls. What was even better was that our arriving gate and departing gate were very close. There is also free wifi here and the chairs are comfortable. The bathrooms were well kept too. There's not much else to be said from a lay over stand point. I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
4	This was an enjoyable airport; quick transportation to the terminals, great food options (Fox Bar and Grille is my choice!), clean restrooms, and VERY comfortable boarding-gate chairs!  I hope to back to Charlotte-Douglas soon!  Oh, no lost luggage, either!
1	Like long lines and employees who LIE than CLT is the place for you. I was flying US airs and they are just as awful. This place is a joke and I will no longer be flying anywhere what would require using CLT. I had my husband 1 baby 1 4 yr old and my 70 yr old grandmother and they told me to go through the family line for security. I went through and this rude "renta cop" said that the line was ONLY for employees, pushed us into another line that took 45 minutes to get through. I turn around and hes letting everyone and their brother go through that line. He just didnt want to deal with the stroller or the kids. HES AN ASS!
3	I was in this airport a few times, and each time I had some funny experience that made me not want to be there. I can't blame the airport on this but since I am being honest...the first time I was here flying through to key west with my ex, she lost  one of her diamond earrings I got her on the floor of the airport....i'm on my hands and knees looking stupid trying to find it which we never did...that was disappointing.Two years later i'm here again, I have 15 minutes to get to my connecting flight...I go get some food, which is about 8 dollars for a sandwich, and it ended up being moldy on the bread...I didn't realize this until I was on the plane already in the air so I was out 8 dollars for something that I couldn't even eat, let alone the price in airports can get ridiculous.Overall, it seems like a nice airport, the walk-ways seem a little slim though considering the traffic they get there....but never had a bad experience with a person there, and the accents from the south always make me smile!
4	This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh, Starbucks is essential, and the moving walkways are fun/helpful except when people can't read the directions. Bank of America ATMs all over the place and several shops to help kill time between connections.
5	THIS PLACE HAS MORE RESTAURANTS THAN I COULD COUNT!!! And everyone was so helpful and friendly.  Maybe I should visit Charlotte itself and not just their Airport
5	Very well kept and entertaining airport.... I have flown here before as a connecting airport and have never had any problems... And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection... I will try and make my connecting flights here more often...
4	I like this airport because:- It has jamba juice- It has lots of flights and connections- It is clean and the people are pretty friendlyMy complaint?- walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse
5	Actually pretty nice airport, but loads of renovation right now (April 2012)
4	One of my favorite Airports to be lay-overed in. Wide selection of restaurants to grab a bite and the lay out is very simple.
4	Clean and spacious airport with lots of food and shopping options. My only complaint is their lack of outlets in the boarding areas. Really? Apparently they're all hanging out in the walkway area with trees and white rocking chairs(across from Burger King food area).
5	One of the best airports in the country.  Very well run, lots of options for food, good selection of shops, and pretty easy to get from one place to the other. Even plenty of parking options!  And, the rocking chairs are brilliant!I was going to complain on one point about airport management, until I did some checking... As it turns out the biggest problem that the Charlotte Airport has is that it is under some control of the Charlotte City Council.  There is where I have my biggest beef!  They decided last November to remove all ATM's except for Bank of America's ATM's.  How dumb.  Okay, I know - they got paid a lot of money!!  Well, why don't you check with McDonald's too?!  They would probably pay you a fortune if you made it the only FOOD available in the airport!!  But wouldn't THAT make a lot of people happy!!What you've done is simply to inconvenience a lot of people. I won't pay fees to use other ATM's so I can no longer get cash at the airport.http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2011/11/15/2777229/council-makes-bofa-sole-source.html
3	This airport is really nice. That is all O_O
4	Free wi-fi is always a plus! Buy long distances between certain terminals for US Airways made it hard to get across. Airports need to work with airlines on getting commuter turboprops closer to the big guys....or make it easier to transport people in dedicated lines.
4	I like this airport. Large but still fairly convenient and they do have a couple of shuttles.
2	This is my first time being at the Charlotte Airport and I had heard stories that it was big, and yes it was.  What I didn't hear about was how congested it gets once inside.  Let's start from the beginning....I made a trek from South Carolina to Charlotte Airport and I ended up noticing  that there aren't many gas stations on the way to fill up.  I ended up finding a tiny gas station that did the trick.  Thank goodness.  I ended up driving back to the Hertz lot and dropping off my car.  The rental buses are relatively quick but the guy that was DRIVING -- SUCK!  Let me make that clear - HE SUCKKKKEDDD!!!  I clearly am not the type to ask too much from anyone so when I ask you very nicely and say 'Can you please help me get this into the bus?' and you just look at me like I'm crazy I seriously contemplate throwing my cell phone at you (not that I'm violent).  It's not that it was so heavy, it was more so that I had my work stuff, my purse, and the suitcase.  I was going to do the majority of the lifting, I just needed an ounce of strength. So naturally, he didn't want to help so I took my sweet time -- holding everyone else up because this idiot didn't think that the faster I could get this woman in and out the faster these people can get to the airport.  Anyways,  we get finally get to the terminal and just because I was annoyed I waited until everyone was out to see if the driver was going to at least ATTEMPT to ask me if I needed help.  Nope he didn't, so naturally I just stood there and looked at him and he decided to get my bag (as well he should).  **Caveat** The way he was struggling with that bag made me think his weak a** could've used more bag lifting to get some more strength in his arms.  Moving on.....The US Airways terminal was packed as usual, I expect no less.  I'm a United flyer and have always, always dreaded flying US Airways but I had no choice.  I gritted my teeth and checked my bag.  I prayed that I would get there at the same time my bag did.  Going through security was ridiculous -- I have status -- and it was still ridiculous.  I was even told by one of the TSA gate agents multiple times to make sure I'm an "Elite" passenger.  Little did she know I know what the hell I'm doing.  I've only been traveling all of my life.  What she should've been doing is assisting those SAME people that kept walking through the metal detector with BELTS and COINS in their pockets.  My security episode was only 30 minutes -- 15 minutes longer then it should've been.  I get through security and notice the tight space of this terminal.  I just don't understand why this place is so tight and I realize there is NO SPACE to move around.  Annoyed I see the Chili's and want the strongest drink they have.  I was really excited to see that the waitress felt my pain and told me she would help me out that day.  I had a little burger and a few strong drinks and tipped her quite well!!  I was surprised US Airways boarded the plane ON TIME!  First for EVERYTHING!  There are a few things I do NOT like about US Airways but I won't share them on this post since we're only talking about CLT.  Bottom line:  CLT can use some work just with overall efficiency.  TSA Agents could do themselves a favor and not nag the hell out of people in the security lines and focus on those ones that seem to be holding up the line.  Between Charlotte and RDU -- I'll take RDU.
4	Charlotte-Douglas Airport is pretty standard for those jetsetting or catching a connecting flight to the left coast. Don't be late, don't give a bunch of guff to TSA, understand that airport vittles, restaurants and other eateries most likely won't receive a Michelin Star, and don't leave your bags unattended then you'll probably have a palatable experience. One thing I do love about the QC's airport is the variation in security checkpoints. If you A and B are slammed busy, walk down about 50 yards to C or D and the lines are almost always shorter and typically faster. Most people congregate to A and B since they are closer to the beginning of curbside drop-off. Fear not! On those buys travel days, seek out the slimmer lines of the other TSA's at C and D. You'll be happy you did. Glad to have a very accessible and friendly airport in town. Happy to fly out and even more excited to fly back in! Also, I think most of the construction at baggage claim is wrapping up for the most part. Lookin' rather clean! Great job!
4	I like CLT.  This airport is large and has a lot of people going through it, and there are many places to stop in, grab lunch or dinner, and get to your next stop.  I normally don't have much time to hang out here, but I have been to a couple restaurants and they were clean and fast.I especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations.  If you are flying FROM Charlotte, try the A concourse TSA line, it is usually shorter.
4	This might be the first airport that I had ever been to that had a grand piano and someone actually playing it. The piano was located in the food court where all of the concourses joined together.I thought this place was pretty good. I was going through this airport for a connecting flight. I flew with US Airways and it looked like all of Concourse B and C were US Airways. I'm pretty sure the other concourses had other airlines. The food court, there were different choices than the airports I've been to in the past so it was a good change. One thing that could be an issue with this airport was how far apart the concourses were. You might need to rush if your layover was short.
5	Surprisingly to me, after decades of flying, I just discovered that CLT has got to be one of the best airports I've ever been to!  I guess living on the West Coast and flying mostly United and Delta kept me from experiencing this sooner.  Seems Charlotte is a huge US Airways hub (in fact, *every* single airplane I saw here was US Airways).The airport terminals are mostly standard, but they've got a good mix of stores and restaurants interspersed throughout, and everything seems cleaner and newer than I would have expected.  The main terminal is very large, open, and bright, with several restaurants and stores and even a guy playing a grand piano.  Wow!With a couple hours to burn here, I tried to check out the Carolina Brewing Co in Terminal E, but they weren't opened for lunch.  Looks like a great terminal, though.  I stopped by the EA store and played NHL 2012 one of the PS3s they had in the store; what a great way to spend time between flights!!  Grabbing lunch at Bad Daddy's and watching some NASCAR on TV helped me feel like I was experiencing North Carolina a bit, too.
1	We are in the midst of a very stressful transition, moving across the country from Charleston, SC to Portland, OR, in order to access better educational and therapeutic resources for our daughter Camille, who has Cerebral Palsy. One US Airways Charlotte gate agents, Connie Owens, took it upon herself this morning to make our travel even more difficult, stressful, and inconvenient. I do not have sufficient words to express my absolute disgust and disappointment with Ms Owens' lack of compassion, flexibility and courtesy.  We have flown with our daughter many times in the past eight years, usually taking US Airways because your crews have been unfailingly helpful, sympathetic and courteous.  Until now.  Camille is now twelve years old, nearly 100 pounds, and almost five feet tall.  She is non-ambulatory, non-verbal, has autistic-like sensitivities, and often will require one or more diaper changes on a long flight.  Consequently, we always sit as close to the back of the plane as possible, as she is much too large to change in the tiny bathroom, and past flight crews have been very accommodating in arranging to either block off the aisle, screen off the last row of seats, or allow us to use the floor of the galley when everything is locked down After service.  We were explaining this to the flight crew and Ms Owens when she took it upon herself to insist that that absolutely could not be done, that we were only allowed to change Camille in the bathroom, which is physically impossible, and to aggressively verbally berate my wife Christina over wanting to make some arrangement so that we could get to our destination with a minimum of discomfort and inconvenience to ourselves and our fellow passengers.  Her aggression set off our daughter into a loud and prolonged screaming fit.  Rather than wait for the meltdown to pass, or to back off and give us a chance to calm our daughter, Ms Owens immediately contacted security to have us removed from the plane, which was unnecessary, humiliating, and a tremendous inconvenience.  The security manager, Mike, was extremely kind, courteous and helpful as he assisted us from the plane, and consequently rebooked our flights for tomorrow, and set us up at a hotel near the airport. Nonetheless, this has made a difficult and stressful trip even more so, and has caused us to have to scramble to rearrange things at our point of arrival.  We are also stuck in a hotel without most of our luggage and some of our prescriptions. This has been, overall, a horrible experience, and certainly will make us think twice before flying US Airways or its affiliates again.  In addition, I cannot imagine that Ms Owens' actions were in any way acceptible per the ADA.  I attempted to call to make and resolve this complaint, but the agent and supervisor I spoke with insisted that it could only be addressed through a web form, promising contact in one to three business days, which I find to be completely unsatisfactory. On the positive side, Yvonne J, another gate agent, was tremendously helpful and compassionate.  We also received assistance from an airport maintenance man, whose name I did not catch, in replacing a bolt on the wheelchair that broke as we were bringing it up the gangway.  I would appreciate a response as soon as possible, which should include a plan of action for training your personnel to deal with the needs of disabled passengers.
4	Looked good as we ran thru it. Clean but busy.
4	This airport is my go to airport when I have a layover.  There are tons of places to eat, drink and shop throughout the airport.  It is always clean whenever I arrive.  And this has to have the best people watching out of every airport I've been to.  Just sit back, observe, laugh and let the time fly by.  You won't be disappointed.  They have a many rocking chairs throughout the airport and  moving walk ways to help you navigate from one terminal to the next.  Just about every flight seems to be on-time, unlike other airports that i frequent.
5	As my home base airport I not only can't dislike CLT but I actually really do love it! Like most airports I've been through, it's spacy and efficient. (I tend to blame travel hick-ups on the airlines and other inconsiderate travelers more than the airports.) Due to some recent renovations CLT has had a bit of a face lift on the arrivals floor. For starters they got rid of the carpet and replaced it with the more logical tile covering.The main atrium is beautiful and contains quite a few different food and shopping options - even if I do always follow my nose to Cinnabon. The wall of windows lets light in and the trees are a pleasant addition that I don't recall having seen in any other airports to date. Lastly, why is everybody hating on the white rocking chairs? It's quite obvious these things are Charlotte's touch of southern charm. I, for one, have never even had the chance to sit in one because they appear to be so loved by all the other travelers. There are of course the power outlets there too.As far as getting to the airport and checking in, it runs smoothly. The traffic flow is great and surprisingly compared to other roads in downtown Charlotte the pavement isn't nearly as riddled here. There are lots of parking options from hourly to long term including business valet. For check in there are at least three security checkpoints to go through and if all are open the "speed of service" is commendable.
1	Half hour layover turned into an hour plus. Here's why: out of 2 gates 3 flights are being called: fort Lauderdale, Albany, Philly. So first they called first class of each flight. Except all of them were yelling over each other. Plus people literally elbowing and smacking each other with cranky kids. Etc. However, punch line : not airport fault, the winner is US Airways who just announced that they have stopped boarding the FLL flight as their is an armrest on a seat that needs to be fixed. So help me god, I don't care. I'll sit in that chair. Either way someone just trampled over me and kicked my broiling new cup of caramel macchiato which is leaving a huge stain on the carpet. Call me crazy... I don't feel bad. What has your airline and airport done for YOU lately????????
4	I'm in Charlotte very often as a flight crewmember, and it's one of my preferred airports.  Free wifi, nice food options, lots of places to sit and recharge.  Not a huge fan of the fact that everything is carpeted, it makes it a little harder to wheel your luggage around, but it's not a big deal.  The airport is laid out pretty well, and has lots of signage to find your way around.  I do like how they have "Walk" and "Stand" actually painted onto the moving sidewalks, now only if they could get people to actually adhere to that.
3	Charlotte-Douglas is a very small airport and it pretty easy to navigate as a result. Security is pretty smooth and I usually only have to arrive 1 hour to 45 minutes before my flight to get to the gate on time. I always check in electronically, however I don't believe they are equip with the smartphone scanners for paperless travel. Not to big of a deal, the electronic kiosks and usually never too busy so printing a boarding pass is quick and easy. The long term parking lots a pretty cheap if you can't arrange a ride and located very close to the airport so the shuttle ride is short. Give yourself 15 extra minutes if you need to park long term.
4	I like this airport for a lot of reasons   But one really obscure one popped up recently when looking at the airport map.  Holy cow, the map of the gates and grounds is the  same shape as an Inukshuk.  Really?  It's not a worthy story to tell why I recognize this, but if we all lived in the Arctic Circle, the inukshuk is the man-shaped stack of rocks that we would all be looking for during our trip.  Those sturdy bodies are built out there in the scarey white wilderness by travellers to safely guide those who come after them.  And that's what the Charlotte airport does. I was also impressed that the gate call included, "First class passengers and all enlisted personnel in uniform."Keepin' us safe.  Guiding us to the next stop.Thanks, Charlotte and all who pass through.
4	Clean, some renovations under way.
4	The heaven of domestic airports.Came here for connecting flights to the Caribbean.Highlights:-Free Wi-fi- Amazing customer service at restaurants (there are a ton of them)- Escalator things everywhere for the lazy- Big, open room to roam around- Many seats for you to sit wherever you would like - not next to the family with three crying babies- Clear signs everywhere- The airport is not a maze and is a simple shape you will understand right away- COFFEE & OUTLETS EVERYWHEREI love a good caffeine charge and a phone at full battery.Yes, it's a small airport, but let LAX be an example of what a big airport is like. (LAX is one of the few reasons I hate to travel)Go to the Body Shop if you are bored (center of the airport). They hooked me up with a lot of lotion samples for my travels!
4	CLT is a convenient airport despite being a rather busy hub, with a fair amount of international traffic.  When I used to fly US Airways all the time, CLT would figure in my travel at least once a week.  Now, it's rare that I get to go through CLT.It's a fairly new airport and the layout and amenities show that.  It has a wide open, airy feel to it in most concourses, especially the International concourse.  The central area where the B and C concourses meet can be a bit of a madhouse at times with people rushing between gates.  But there, in the midst of all this traffic, are dozens of cozy Adirondack style chairs where you can relax for a bit if you have the time between flights.There is often some live entertainment in the central area... grand piano, country music, jazz - I've seen it all.  Lots of food options too - and a full fledged cigar/tobacco store - woohoo!!!Weather in the area is usually good which means minimal flight delays.  Delays are inevitable in a hub airport but when they do happen, CLT makes the experience a little less stressful by providing a lot of distractions in addition to the wonderful Southern charm of all the people working here.Great place to connect if you're headed to the Caribbean - you're almost there already ;)~ 4 solid stars for a solid, dependable and charming "little" big airport.  CLT may not be my favorite airport but it's one I'm quite fond of.# 280
3	One of the lucky airports this week was (opens envelope) Charlotte-Douglas! Woooo!  This is a frequent stop for layover connections due to the fact US Airways uses this as one of if not their main hubs. It is pretty big and has a ton of shops and food available should the need arise."The Good"- TSA is TSA, but sometimes you can catch a smile off of one of the agents.- Security does move at a faster clip than normal.-The restrooms are clean and you do not walk over people in order to get in and out."The Meh"- You will need a seg-way or roller blade shoes to cover the ground if you connection is less than thirty minutes.- A hub for US Airways... take this as you will at least they do not delay/cancel flights every five minutes like they do in Philly."The Bad"- Nothing really bad to comment on.
5	Five stars for a commercial airport. Weird, huh?If I were to get stuck in ANY airport in the country, I would want to get stuck in Charlotte.Big, sunny terminals.Rocking chairs by windows for soothing those flight-related annoyances.LOTS of shopping and food options.Salons, manicurists, massage chairs for those more taxing layovers and delays.Plenty of seats at each gate, and a fairly high frequency of outlets.FREE WI-FI!!!If you MUST choose a connecting city in the area, skip anywhere in DC and opt for Charlotte.
4	I spend way too much of my life in this airport... but, as far as major airports go, its not so bad. They have a decent selection of restaurants and shops, many a Starbuck, and a good place for a massage. BOTTOM LINE: I usually park my tired behind in the US airways club and sleep, but when I'm in the mood to venture out, this airport has a pretty good selection of fun things to do while you wait for the next air taxi.
4	Bigger airport than one would think. Very busy and always on the move. Easy to get around however.
5	I love Charlotte Douglas International airport and rate this place highly.However on visiting the toilets  several times recently the toilet seats were old and cracked, not at all beffiting this show case.They weren't up to standards in my oppinion.If they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts.
4	The airport might be a little older but it's in fine condition and has wide and spacious walkways, not overly crowded, and good food options.
4	Comfy chairs, free wifi, decent terminal layout, bagels for breakfast and BBQ for every other time, this is a great place to stop if you've got a bit of time between flights.
4	As far as airports are concerned, this one stacks up well.  TSA gets you through security pretty quick.  My flights have almost always departed on time.  All the terminals are in the same building.  There are also plenty of options where food is concerned.  My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.  You could feasibly bring Bojangles to another state!  Seriously, how awesome is that?  The only downside is that each terminal has different food, so it may be a long walk, depending on where you are flying.
3	As a North Carolina native now living in DC, I come through Charlotte Douglas pretty frequently.  I've never had a problem in this airport, but don't like the hub and spoke layout.  If you land in one Terminal and have to get to another quickly, you better pick up the pace, as there is no train between terminals.  There's plenty of shopping, restaurants, and bars, but the layout makes it less than convenient to get to what you want.
3	It's airport.  The parking was a little sucky due to renovations in June.  In August they were still renovating but it felt a lot easier.  We left our car here in August when we travelled.  $5 per 24 hour period.  Bargain.  The shuttle ran regularly.The airport itself is easy to get around.  It didn't seem far from check in to the gate.
4	CLT has one of the largest selections of dining out of any airport I have ever been to. Shopping as well, but I never buy retail items from an airport, just food! There is a whole food court with an incredible amount of selection. if you are hungry there is a spot for your to fix your craving. In addition to having lots of choices there are also lots of people. CLT is one of the BUSIEST airports I have ever been to as well. Overall, a good airport and I am sure my travels will have me flying there soon!
4	Clean and friendly.  Have no complaints except that you tend to always sit on the runway awhile.
4	I liked this airport more than the others mostly because of the food selection and wifi.  There were so many restaurants to choose from during my layover, the service was friendly and there were lots of amenities, but most of all, I could study because they offered free wifi :)
2	For some reason I always have to connect between terminal E and terminal A. As a hub it's pretty busy so hoof it to your next gate!
3	I like this one. Not one of my favorites but it is very clean and TSA is always nice and respectful. My only gripe is the lines at TSA feel like they take forever, so give yourself plenty of time or else you are going to be hightailing it to your gate....more disheveled than movie starish.
3	This airport is growing a bit to fast for my taste.  While it is still a somewhat easy in, easy out experience I am going to begin leaning a little harder on Greenville-Spartanburg, especially now that Southwest services that area.  Note to SWA: It is about time!!!
4	Thoroughly impressed with this airport. Not that I'm some great world traveler, but all the more reason.  See, when I booked my virgin transatlantic flight (yes, virgin with a lower case v--as in, I was popping my passport cherry; not capital V, as in going on the airline), I needed an airport that wouldn't drive me batty with traffic.  As fun as it would have been to fly through a big name airport like JFK or LaGuardia, I think I might have regretted it.  In fact, on the return leg, I was even more grateful.  Being a noob, I took to the interweb for advice.  I had read in some online travel blog about how I should book 3 hours between connecting flights for the first stop back on US soil to get through customs, get to the new plane, blah, blah, blah.  I read that Charlotte was well organized. My flight only gave me two hours and change BUT there was a later one on the same airline to the same destination if I should happen to miss my connection.  So I felt okay about it. When we touched down on US soil, the flight attendants made an announcement that a Lufthansa flight had also just touched down and that their plane was MUCH larger than ours and that we should head the heck out ASAP if we have connections to get. Panicked, we all made a run for it to customs but were too late.  Stupid Lufthansa people.  As we stood sulking in line, we realized how quickly the line was moving.  Customs agents throughout the room made sure that travelers were in the correct customs lines ("US and Canadian passengers ONLY on the LEFT--EVERYONE ELSE ON THE RIGHT").  They came through the line to make sure everyone in line had their documents and KEPT THEM OUT instead of tucking them in some side pocket of some suitcase somewhere only to waste time fumbling for it later. Finally, they segregated people into mini-lines for customs agents to be screened.  All told, we stood in line (behind Lufthansa even!) for just 15 minutes. Take that JFK.  I might even add that unlike most airport staff, the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier.  Customs agents smiled and played with babies.  Volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags.  Airports of the world could take a lesson from Charlotte-Douglas, I think...
3	I'm not a fan of this airport. I seem to have more problems out of CLT than any other airport I routinely fly into (well accept Atlanta). US Airways is a hub here, so many of my flights not offered through Delta pitstop in Charlotte out  of Knoxville. To me the most annoying part of the airport, is that it is hard to find the screens with flight status. Compared to Detroit, Atlanta, and Regan they are not plentiful. I also seem to have several delays or cancellations at CLT. The only thing I like about this airport are the many food selections and the California Pizza Kitchen in one of the terminals.
3	Meh.  This is a take it or leave it airport, and I was glad when I left it.  I really wish they wouldn't allow children in this (or any) place.
3	Very busy, but plenty of food choices and generally not much problem with late flights.
4	Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.Clean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members, and fast and efficient layout and service.
5	+ Relax on the rocking chairs+ Countless dining options+ Shopping and massage places to pass the time+ Plenty of seating at all the gates+ FREE WIFI!
4	What's not like about the Charlotte airport?  It's clean, it's friendly, there are bathroom attendants, there are rocking chairs, there's BBQ and a wine bar, there's a guy playing Rihanna on a baby grand.  Of course there is currently an idiot sitting in the middle of the walkway eating frozen yogurt but everyone is too polite here to call them out on it.
4	Well cleaned airport, and the fooding and drinking is AFTER security (LGA ... you could learn something from CLT), and tasty (they have some good localize restaurants there and a microbrew bar there).  Very large, and fun to bar crawl around, especially when you have 3+ hrs of waiting there, courtesy of El Presidente landing in the area for the DNC and delaying all flights in the area.
4	I love this airport.  Clean, open, easy to manage, and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night.
4	I like the layout of this one, since once you're behind security, you can get pretty much anywhere. This is (in my opinion) the key design of a well-laid-out airport.My biggest complaint is that if you want good beer, you have to travel a ways away. Carolina Beer Company is about the best place to get beer in this airport, but it's hidden way at the end of terminal D. Any other place has crappy big macro brews only. Meh.I like the layout and the fact that I can get anywhere behind security. Aside from that, it's meh.
3	Huge airport.  Clean and lots of shopping.
3	It's the place I have to go to get anywhere from Roanoke, VA it seems.  Decent enough but it seems to be starting to show the years these days.  I really have to say I just don't care for the restroom attendants.
4	If there's one thing that NC gets right it is definitely hospitality. Next to SFO, this is my favorite major airport .  Although large and very busy, the layout is spacious and spread out.  I never feel like I'm packed like a sardine in a can like I do connecting through Atlanta.  There are plenty of seating and electrical outlets to charge electronics.  Rocking chairs adorn the airport throughout, many placed near windows for some good ol' southern comfort.  Many of the shops are high-end, and even a nail &spa parlor is situated near the jewelry store.  Bathrooms are always maintained, cleaned and oftentimes travelers are greeted by bathroom attendants.  And yes folks, sometimes  a pianist serenades travelers on his grand piano as they pass through the food court to an opposing terminal.  The best part---FREE wifi.  In an era when traveling with comfort is going into extinction I appreciate your classiness Charlotte.  You've earned the nickname Queen City at least in my book.
4	Clean, Tidy, and promp with service and hospitality. Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets.
4	Free Wi-FiSouthern hospitalityLots of dining optionsEasy to navigateThese are a few of my favorite things. On the down side they have no smoking areas in the airport, you must leave the terminal and walk across the street.....(booo). Smoking is a nasty bad habit anyway.
2	It was a pass through. When I stopped by, it was pretty crowded and there was a dearth of outlets
4	I like this airport. Super busy always but it is nice. I've never arrived or departured from here, just connected, so I can't speak to security efficiency, but the airport itself is nice. The intersection of all the terminals is nice. Restaurants. Rocking chairs. A good palace to sit if you can find a chair. The larger of two US Airways clubs is nearby so you could go there or to the one in the B concourse near gate 3.
4	An airport on the smaller side. I dropped by here as a stopover on the way back to Norfolk from Atlanta. Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a "big" one. You'll find all the food you need. It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi! Airports get extra points for the wifi =)
4	My first time in a Southern airport. They are right. Southern charm is alive and well. Very clean and I was able to find a nice restaurant during my layover. I plan to visit North Carolina in the future. Hope it lives up to the charm displayed to me at the airport.
1	It's tough living in Charlotte. If you have to check a bag it usually takes the bag longer to make it from the airplane to baggage claim than it takes to fly it from MEM to CLT - must be the highly efficient union labor...
3	Big Airport, bright and convenient.  Always a pleasure to stop here.  Unless its hurricane season, rarely an issue with this airport!
4	Free wifi, gotta love small airports.  Easy in and easy out.
4	I used to love this airport, but then they got rid of the Nathan's Hot Dog in the concourse - WHAT THE HELL, CHARLOTTE?!?!Now I just like it - it's spacious, clean, with tons of options for food and time-killing in between flights. The biggest issue is that if you happen to be switching carries at some point, you run the danger have having to cover about 2 miles of distance between some of these gates; no joke.I've also had a great time with security here - never been a hassle.
4	Pretty easy getting through the airport to baggage to my shuttle.  Lots of hotel choices nearby and then back again really early in the morning.  Multiple lines for security and any of them will work, stay away from gate B line as they have less scanners and you compete with the priority and first class lines, unless you're flying first of course.  A few shopping places, some barbecue, and Jamba all in the airport while you're waiting for your flight.
5	One of the best airports I've ever been to in terms of overall quality.  The airport has moving sidewalks everywhere, there are a lot of restaurants, there are rocking chairs everywhere for people to sit and relax, there's FREE WIFI, AAANNNNNNNDDD the bathrooms all have their own individual attendants that make sure the toilets have been flushed before you step in... it's the little things like this that make landing after a three hour flight more relaxing... I wouldn't hesitate to pick a flight again connecting through Charlotte if I have the time...
4	Decent run of the mill airport. It's nice inside and definitely had a load of amenities and a plethora of food options. My favorite part? It was nice to be in such a large place with so many people and it actually be CLEAN :)
4	This airport is super nice inside! I had the pleasure of having a rather brief layover here after being delayed by my flight into Philly being cancelled twice by Hurricane Sandy. And honestly, I like this airport A LOT better than Philly. So, thanks US Air! Super clean. Easy to navigate. Pleasant and pretty inside. Plus great food choices as far as I could tell. I ate in the atrium, where there also happened to be a piano player. You keep it classy, Charlotte. If your airport is any inclination of your city which I have unfortunately have not had the chance to visit, I will be back. (Read: I will be back)Thanks for allowing me to get back into the Contiguous 48 safely!
3	The construction is killing me. Between redoing the daily parking lot to add a garage and updating the secuirty scanners, the past year has been so difficult getting in and out of the airport. It's a small airport so it is easy to navigate and has a nice variety of places to eat and shop. It's extremely clean compared to the larger airport. Has free wi-fi and art exhibits that they rotate out. Once completed I am sure it will make things move smoother than ever.
4	This is our homebase, and you have to look far and wide for a friendlier airport. They've upgraded the shops and restaurants here. Bad Daddy's is a local burger joint.They have some rookies at check in and TSA, but the relaxed rocking chairs more than make up for it.Only pain is terminal E, which is a hike to get to, even with new check in areaInternational arrivals was pretty good too
4	Clean, decent set up, hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through. There is a good selection of restaurants though!
5	I truly wish that this was my home airport - I could hang out for hours here marveling all of the food courts, restaurants, bar, shops.  Great job, Charlotte!
4	It's a nice airport. Pretty typical, long lines through security, full body scan and then some shopping while you wait for your plane to take off. There are a good selection of restaurants so no matter what you have a taste for there is an option available. The restrooms are clean and well maintained.I was lucky enough to have an on time arrival and departure. My only complaint was in the baggage terminal While my plane landed on time, and there were plenty of baggage gate open and available, my flight and three others waited for our bags for more than 30 minutes. No warning, no calls, no updates....just waiting. Eventually, my bags made it and overall I don't mind calling Charlotte-Douglas my home airport!
4	Yo Chick-Fil-A.... WHERE YOU AT BRO?Free WiFi.Bojanges.Chili's 2.Rocking Chairs.Starbucks.More than you can say about Philadelphia International Airport.US AIR....Where's YOUR iPhone App? I'm just sayin' it's 2012.Watch out for the food choices. Healthy is not this airports first, middle, or last name.Oh here is a secret. Go to security lines at the far left or far right if you are in a hurry. They are usually the shortest.
3	Bottom line at the top: TSA is definitely nicer here but they need to work on dining options. Until that happens, your best would be chilis.--I fly through this airport a handful of times per year and not much ever really changes. Everyone is very friendly, the chilis is always popping no matter what time of day, and bojangles always has the longest line.I saw that a genghis grill is opening soon but that isn't enough! Im glad I have loving family members to send me on my way with yummy sammies and snack age, I hope you do too!
3	There is a Jamba Juice here. I like Charlotte's airport for two reasons only:1. There is a Jamba Juice that makes matcha there.2. While US Airways is awful, a hub is Charlotte and you can get virtually anywhere from Charlotte.Why this airport is awful:1. It's hard to get between terminals (and by hard, I mean you will walk for a long time).2. There aren't enough monitor boards, so when you get off your flight you have to try hard to seek one out (all airports should have these around more).Most of the time that I've flown out of here my flights have been on time on both ends.
3	Any airport that US Airways calls a hub means that it is going to be a giant disappointment.   The wifi lived up to my expectations.  It was impossible to get on the wifi, and when I did, it just plain ole did not work.Also, the bathroom I visited was a disaster.  Three stars since it is a busy place and maybe next time things will be in order.  Personally, though, I am going to avoid Charlotte and connect via Chicago.
4	seriously? concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms? but what happens if no one tips? (shudder)
4	Very well designed airport. I mean the inside. It's very characterized and it doesn't make you feel like "okay it's just another airport" but it's so special and unique that I'll always remember. Im just having a connection here tonight and I hope I'll have more chance to come here. It's big and takes a lot of effort to walk from one terminal to another.
5	I had a really pleasant experience at this airport! I connected here literally on Christmas Eve and there was a beautiful pianist playing as I wandered around looking for food. Boy did I have a lot of options. I almost wanted to close my eyes and just wander over somewhere as it was really difficult to choose. I was stuffed with food and ended up getting Jamba Juice as well. Ahh! Too many options! The airport was very clean and the staff everywhere were extremely friendly. I had an easy time navigating around as well and I think that this is the best airport I have ever been to. They have a great selection of food, shopping, and anything you would ever need in an airport. Definitely don't mind connecting through here again!
4	I feel like reviewing an airport is similar to reviewing my utilities provider.  Unless I don't like hot water, it doesn't really matter what I think of their customer service.With that said, I do like this airport, because it has lots of security checkpoints that work relatively smoothly, and plenty of different areas to wander aimlessly.  They also have plenty of shops/restaurants to visit when your flight is delayed and you are powerless to do anything but keep opening your wallet to the airlines.
3	I fly into Charlotte a lot when I venture over to SC and I don't mind the lengthy layovers at DIA at all. Douglas International is a medium-sized airport. Your main form of transportation within the airport is a system of moving sidewalks, which does the trick nicely (occasionally you will get the oblivious person who blocks the whole sidewalk, and doesn't stand to the right side and let the walkers pass by). There are a few really good spots to eat. My favorite is the sushi spot in the main food court area, it's an awesome spot for people watching. The food court (as well as a few other parts of the airport) is littered with white rocking chairs. I think these add charm and they help give DIA it's own unique identity in a way, plus it's a nice place to relax and rock while you wait! There's also a piano in the main food court area as well. I've seen people playing for tips, adding a nice element to the surrounding hustle and bustle.There are a lot of other airports that have a lot more to do than DIA, but this spot is nice. I won't go overboard with my stars because it's a US Airways hub, and they screw me about 90% of the time. It's a nice metropolitan airport that has a nice down-home feel to it!
4	So chill. How chill you ask?.... They have ROCKING CHAIRS! Yes, rocking chairs in an airport! THAT'S how chill this is airport is. And yes I've used the word chill and airport in the same sentence (rare combo). Besides the rocking chairs, there's free wifi and various food options. Pleasant staff, clean and not over crowded. Not a bad spot for layover.
4	Large airport that has lots of great connections when using US Airways. Its also very well laid out and easy to get between terminals quickly.The airport itself is huge and overall pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants to kill time at as well. One interesting thing about it is that they have a serious recycling and composting initiative. They strangely don't advertise it very well as I found out through a bartender who was explaining it to me.
4	Pretty standard on terms of airports. I've experienced far worse.
2	Weird airport setup. Not really a fan.
5	It's a airport.... BUT..they have the nicest restrooms!!They have a attendant to greet you with anything you might need; feminine products, mints, etc. They are there to keep it clean and stocked. It was kinda pleasant :)Plus, they have to really great southern accent. Which really does make it feel more sincere..
4	This airport is just about always busy - and that can be a little annoying. Wanna walk from point A to point B? Well, don't be in a hurry, because there are 5 million (slight exaggeration) people in your way.BUT, they have decent restaurant options, and plenty of them. On top of that, the people in the international area are about as nice as they can be: One of them actually called me "sweetie". I almost broke down crying because it was so nice to be treated so well after spending several months out of the country. I am telling you... the customer service in the United States is beyond. And the CLT is top notch!Additionally, the airport is pretty small, all things considered. I was at the very end of terminal B when I arrived. Had to head to D, which was the opposite side of the airport. I think that with all the foot traffic, it took me a whopping 10-15 min. Not too shabby... but I will admit that I am a master maneuverer, and walk with relaxed-looking lightning speed. So maybe add a little extra time for the lollygaggers. Nice thing is there're some little shops there in the middle. Relax, check it out. Then be on your merry way.OH! One last pointer: AWESOME place to come in internationally... it took me like 3 seconds (again, slight exaggeration) to get through customs. There were plenty of lines, re-entering through security was also well-organized. It honestly is THE best place (and I've been through a lot of airports internationally) I have ever been when re-entering the US of A. Highly suggest making this your international airport (when possible).
3	My home airport.  It's okay but it takes forever to get through the checkpoint.  I'd rather sit at the gate than stand in line waiting to quickly strip down my stuff to go through the checkpoint.  There are lots of options for food, coffee, magazines, etc compared to other airports but I'm just not a big fan of CDIA.  I prefer Boston, O'Hare, even Orlando for the quick moving thoroughness.  But hey, it's an airport.  Get from point A to point B right.
4	Is there anything this airport doesn't have?  I have changed flights here on several occasions and each time I fight the urge to stop at Cinnabon... That smell is dangerous.  They have several restaurants, countless Starbucks, and even a few bars thrown in.
4	**Free Wifi** wins my heart every time. There aren't many charging stations but there are plenty of rocking chairs. I've been here a few times and I always enjoy my short layover here. There are a lot of Starbucks scattered throughout so have no fear, plenty of java here.
3	Easy to get around.It was very nice and they had a shuttle to get to the baggage claim. Its a smaller airport which is easier to get around. They have a few restaurants and fast food places, however I had to look for transportation when i was there to get to my Holiday Inn. They have a bus shuttle called the 'sprinter' which takes you right outside the bobcats arena. They have a lot of great places around theremThe airport was really easy to get around, the staff is really friendly and helpful when your trying to find your way around. I went to get a jamba juice but you can go to get yogert and burgers while your waiting for your flight. They also have a bar/TV place where you can just relax, grab a drink and watch sports.
3	One of the best US Airways hub airports.
4	First time there. I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order. Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained. The place had a wide variety of shops in the concourse for travellers passing by to their next destination. First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience. It reminded me of the days back before the United Continental merger. Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals. Generous portions of drink beverages and inflight snacks
5	I'm puzzled by some of the reviews - they're glowing and then the reviewer only gives three star rating.  Maybe airports don't deserve five stars because they're generally annoying - crowded with a "hurry up and wait: mentality at check-in, security, and boarding, etc.  But as far as airports go, this is the best airport I've been to in the United States.  There are a ton of restaurants and bars interspersed with a great amount of retail.  It's clean and the people friendly.  The gate agent kindly kept me informed of my friend's arrival - we were connecting onto another flight, and my friend's flight was late in taking off and she was at risk of missing the connection. At many airports, the gate agent would have acted completely annoyed by my repeated questioning (she had told me the arrival board was not accurate).  Living in Chicago, I generally can fly almost anywhere without connecting.  If I do have to connect, however, Charlotte would be my first choice!
3	Avg.
4	No, I don't come here often but: For a larger airport, foot traffic flows pretty well from one concourse to the next and food choices are much better than other airports I frequent. CLT offers free WiFi - yea! - which you might enjoy while chillin' in a rocking chair; watching passers-by. And one other really cool thing: a water bottle filling station, near but not the same as the traditional water fountains; good tasting water AND saving the planet - nice.However, the food choices are usually crowded and the grab-n-go food should not be grabbed. And, CLT get's a poor rating for not providing enough power charger stations. But hey: the people are nice and, for me, that counts.
4	THIS IS A BIG A** Airport!! Everytime i come here its for an connecting flight to somewhere else and i seem to be running in order to catch that flight! Not there fault could be US Airways but anyway, this airport offers so many eating places and shops that you feel like your more so at the mall then an airport. I hope not to come here again but if sooo oh well...
4	Always a good airport when you have free Wifi. Nice place. Well designed. Medium Size Airport.
4	Nice airport, lots of shopping, spa, food if you have a long layover.
2	I hate hate hate hate hate this airport, because I hate US Air.  The airport's atrium nearly saves it, but then it all falls apart on the way in and out.Pros:+  This place is big, plenty of services from a modern wine bar to coffeeshops and retail locations.  Even a sushi bar and piano player.+  The layout is pretty simple, and they try to keep it pleasant, they even have rocking chairs.+ Clean and spacious+ Free WiFi that's actually pretty decent.Cons:- US Air hub... I get delayed every single time... occasionally I get cancelled.- All of the nice things I just mentioned in the Pros go away the moment you walk into the wings.  Gotta love a dilapidated Sbarros or chicken chain. - This all goes to the h - e - double hockey sticks when you try to leave.  The bus and taxi area is a completely insane clusterexplative.  I can't even understand what is happening with this, or why I'm standing in the wrong spot every time I try to reach the parking lot or the hotel.  Signage would help.The atrium makes me want to like CLT, but the everything outside of the main area only serves to remind me I'm working around US Air.  This airport could be better, but even the free wifi can't help.  Maybe if they can refurbish the wings, it can get to 3 stars.
3	Not a bad airport. Lots of shops and restaurants in the food court area (love the Body Shop location and Cinnabon). However, the E-D (regional) terminal is ridiculous. You pretty much have to go through a magical door to Wonderland to get there. It seems like the flow of traffic could be much more efficient here....but it was forgotten or something.
3	Free WiFi, but little to no power outlets. Ciao Gourmet Market (Terminal D, Gate D2) has some of the best coffee (Illy brand).
3	It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!
3	Positives:Easy to navigate terminals. Terminal E is a hike though.Plentiful eateries, all of which are overpriced of course. The public areas are generally clean, even the restrooms. Spacious terminals and concourses. Free wifi.Negatives:Parking is a joke. I always use long-term parking and take the shuttle, and that mitigates the hassle of trying to park close to the terminal. Prices for flights out of Charlotte are also ridiculous. I only fly out of CLT if there is no other direct flight option available.All of my business associates over the past twenty years routinely drive to either GSO or Raleigh, because flights are just SO much less expensive, parking is easier, and check ins and luggage claims are less of a problem.Leaving on schedule.....just resign yourself to the fact that it isn't going to happen. And the same thing holds true for making your connecting flight through Charlotte. Avoid this place if it is possible, if you have to make a connection to ATL or similar large airports.  A lot of Charlotte Douglas' negative reviews are due to US Airways poor service. Charlotte is one of US Airways major hubs and they should shine here, but that rarely happens. US Airways is just a mere shadow of what Piedmont Airlines used to be, and they were exceptional. US Airways will give your seat away if you don't check in early....and they will bump you without a second thought. All that reflects poorly on Charlotte Douglas, whether that is fair or not.
4	I usually only connect in CLT. There are lots of great food options. Restrooms are nice and have attendants. Walking between terminals can take a while, but there are the moving walkways that expedite the process.The FREE WIFI makes up for everything- the best perk ever!
3	Lines at TSA PreCheck is short. Love it.
5	I have been through this Airport @ least 100 times now. You seem to learn a little more every time you go through.Today when we landed it was bright and sunny outside. But, then looking out the window there was snow every where.This airport is huge and you can get a flight just about any where from here.They have free Wi FI for starters, which is always good.It is a really beautiful airport and the smell of southern BBQ is all through out. Shuttle and nice, not over whelming. Except when you go to the International side it seems sterile and clean, then as you keep going towards the gates it gets dark, like they dim the lights.There are a lot of really good food choices at this airport , as well as some good shopping. It is set in a nice wooded area of NC.As I write this I sit on a lovely white wood rocker, That was part of an Art Exhibit at one time. Now they are  scattered through out for a lovely rest.Real trees are growing in side with huge glass windows. So as long as you  give your self a lot of time for your flight you can look around and enjoy this Airport.
5	I connect here when possible. It's easy to navigate, free wifi, great restaurants and good shopping. I love the rocking chairs and plenty of USAir Clubs. If you're a frequent USAirways flyer this airport beats Philly and DC on the East coast.
3	Has become part of my life as I fly in about every three months for work.  Big place, good amount of retail and variety of restaurants.  Baggage claim is a bit longer than other airports, so don't bother rushing to get your bag.  Bathroom attendants can be a little creepy - but that just might be me.  Rocking chairs are scattered through the terminals.  Lots of charging stations and electrical outlets aren't hidden.  Security checkpoints are pretty slow, but you can get to all gates from any checkpoint so pick any one you want.  I've had good luck with "E" so far.  WiFi is free, but it nags me to agree to service frequently.
5	I'm not sure how much value an airport review has to anyone, so I haven't previously written one, but CLT is impressive enough (as airports go) that I feel the need to submit my praise.What I like:- Spacious, open architecture- Efficient layout- Surprisingly decent (and only slightly overpriced) food court.  I particularly like the Mongolian BBQ, where you can get a large stir-fry with quality veg & protein for $9.- A volunteer pianist playing a beautiful grand piano in the main atrium.- Free wifi- Plenty of comfortable seating (including rocking chairs!) throughout- Cheap long-term parking
5	As far as overly busy airports go, this is my favorite so far. It's jam packed with a ton of food and drink options, endless stores to kill time browsing in, and it's easy to navigate through.It can get crazy/anxiety attack busy, but overall it has average airport traffic. I don't mind killing time here at all.
5	At the Charlotte airport, en route to a connecting flight, I wondered which route might allow me to quickly satisfy a sudden caffeine itch.  So I walked up to a goodwill ambassador named Dottie. I've always admired the airport goodwill ambassadors, or courtesy hosts.  I remember seeing the guys and gals in Denver with the cowboy hats and western glow in their faces... and tags that read "volunteers".  Volunteers!  Gotta love folks like that.  They just stone-cold love their city that much, and want to share their enthusiasm.  Sometimes I look at them, and their eager faces, as they scan for someone who might want to know why the Rockies are wonderful or why Colorado is a great place to send your kid to study minerology, and I see them identify a potential convert but then watch them walk by, and I think how sad it is when someone full of love wants to share it and is not granted the chance.  [I know, it's kind of a bit much that I read the sometimes-sadness of the human condition in the gazes of a Stetson-bedecked airport welcoming committee.  But still.  You get me.]Back to Dottie...  I approached her.  She identified me as an in-bound inquiry on the verge of happening.  So she launched into Phase One of her professional routine... She smiled at me.Ok, wait, that previous sentence didn't do the trick.  I wrote it wrong.  What I'm trying to say is that she SMILED at me.  High wattage.  Mega dosage.  Not too much, but also not nearly too little.  Splendid.  Brightness.  Warmth.  Like a force of nature.  But a force of nature that cared for you (like a breeze in the tropics), not a tsunami.Man, it was one helluva smile.  You want to talk about feeling welcome someplace?  I didn't just feel welcome in Charlotte.  I felt welcome on Planet Earth.  People talk about aptitude for certain kinds of work.  Whoever thought up the idea (perhaps it was her) to have Dottie deploy her radiant smile as a greeter or goodwill ambassador was just simply very skilled at career suitability identification.Having encountered something so special, I felt funny asking something so mundane: where to get a cuppa joe.  But she rocked it.  And I walked away.And I thought... Christian, you can't just walk away from a gift like that.  You gotta acknowledge it.  So I went back and I did.  And I learned something interesting..."Dottie, I'm Christian.""Nice to meet you.""I just want to tell you that your smile is really something wonderful and I'm glad I encountered it and its owner."If you can believe it, the smile intensified.  "You have no idea how much I needed to hear that today.  Thank you."And as I walked away, I marveled at what she'd just said.  Here she was, a professional and sincere dispenser of human warmth, who needed some herself.  I guess guardian angels sometimes need guarding, too.
4	This place is pretty nice.  Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.  Good spots to eat and shop.  Terminal is easy to navigate.  I would not be upset if I had a layover here in the future.
4	Pretty standard big airport layout, the usual food and stores. +1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!
4	I go through here if I get stuck on U.S. Airways but I actually don't mind connecting through here at all.  Even though there isn't a train/tram system to my knowledge, I never feel in a rush.  There are plenty of people movers/moving sidewalks so I am always able to get to my connecting gate w/o anything but a leisurely stroll.  Food options include Chili's, CPK, BK, and Cinnabon.  Despite being inside an airport, the pecan roll was one of the best I've ever had (just keeping it real).  If you Yelp while inside the airport itself there was a decent modern sushi, asian-fusion, independent IIRC but I can't remember the name.Restrooms were actually clean.  There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc. w/ a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks.
4	Decent selection and clearance pricing can be found at the Brooks Brothers store.  Once you're done shopping and still have some time to kill before catching your flight, you can rest your bottom on one of the dozens of white rocking chairs that line the atrium.  The rocking chairs are a nice perk and you should definitely try to take advantage of them if you can.The only complaint I have are with the transport carts.  They are constantly beeping no matter what direction they're going.  I can understand the beeping while in reverse, but it's really annoying when it's constant.  Especially when you have 40 minutes to kill at the gate.Thank goodness for the free WiFi...
2	Not a terrible experience but not an amazing one. I like LAX as my favorite airport. The wifi is speedy and sso are the check ins. San Deigo has a good airport. I didn't check in so I have never waited in line at TSA. I have had this as a stop over ALOT because I've flown US airways a million times. Its wifi its spotty. It restaurants are over prices for a state that ends in Carolina. Also no place to plug in devices like Phoenix, Salt Lake, and LA. And the seats are CERTAINLY not designed for sleeping. Ehh.. okay I guess i can't rank the full experience but I assume it never get really busy. for check in and security.
3	Not a bad airport. The concourses desperately need an overhaul.  The look and feel is dated.  The central terminal area is in better condition though.The airport does have a good number of food options for a mid size airport.  That is a big deal.  We all want options.The other issue is one that it is hard to hold against the airport, it is a US Airways hub.  I cannot not blame Charlotte for that.  You take what you can get, even if it is US Airways.
4	I flew into Charlotte and spent about an hour here in between flights #2 and #3 while en route from Germany to Tennessee. It may not be the best airport ever, but after my experience in Newark, I am inclined to think it was quite alright.We flew into the US Airways terminal so that's all I really know. It was huge, but luckily there were plenty of moving sidewalks for getting around. It also ended up being much bigger inside than it appeared from the outside.The most obnoxious part was the beeping cars driving around, transporting people. That drove me up the wall, and I found it was hardly necessary. If you've been here, you know what I mean.Anyway, I am not much of an airport or duty-free shopper, but I would think that this airport would be appealing for those who are, as there were plenty of shopping opportunities, and lots of food options as well (albeit overpriced, but that's expected). The rocking chairs throughout gave the airport a cozy, Southern feel, but of course, the best part was the free WiFi. Why this isn't a staple in every airport is beyond me, but Charlotte does it right.
3	I've got both good and bad comments about this place, so I'm only giving them an even 3 stars. This is my fourth time at this airport, and overall my feels on it are 'meh'- not good but not bad. The Good:Security was fast and friendly. I was through the line in about 10 minutes, and cleared to go in about 20 total. I opt out of the body scanners, which takes a little longer but lessons the radiation I'm exposed too. I'm all about saving my future self from slowly dying of radiation poisoning after 20 years of going through body scanners. The airport itself is pretty- one of the prettiest I've been too. They have a tree lined terminal with giant windows on one side, risking chairs to sit and reflect, and lots of shops and even a spa to visit if you're laid over here (or misread your flight time and arrive three hours early like me). They have free wifi, clean facilities, a variety of food choices, and an overall friendly atmosphere. As I write this I'm seating in the waiting area by my gate, and the chairs are surprisingly comfy. Not your standard cold, hard, awkwardly uncomfortable chairs. The Bad:Things are EXPENSIVE. By things I mean food and beverages. I know they jack up prices in airports, but $18 for two breakfast tacos and a sprite is absurd. That's like end of the world pricing. As I try to save this draft, I notice that their free wifi wont let me continue without an error message. I have since turned off my wifi and am on my phone's 3G instead. No problems anymore, but I think the wifi is useless if you can't navigate pages online. The woman who did my opt out patting down was a moron. Apparently she just couldn't grasp the concept that I was traveling with a laptop, a laptop bag, and a carry-on suitcase. I spent a good three minutes trying to make her understand that all three of the boxes/tray/item holders that people use to put their stuff through the X-ray were mine. A sample of our conversation:Me: 'I have the laptop, the next container, and the black suitcase' :points to all three:Her: 'the laptop is yours?' :points to laptop:Me: 'yes, and the next two items' :points again:Her: 'so not the laptop, this bag is yours?'Me: 'the laptop IS mine, and the bag, and the suitcase. All of them are mine' :points again:Her: 'so just the suitcase?'OH. MY. GOSH. Are you an idiot???? How many ways do I need to say this for you to understand???? And you're supposed to be 'protecting' citizens from terrorists?? You can't grasp the concept of traveling with three items, what the hell are you good for? Unfortunately, I can't really curse out a TSA agent without facing potential black-listing, and as much as I enjoy the airport ('they have chairs....') I don't want to become a real life Tom Hanks and live in the airport. So I just shut up and let her figure it out, with the help of a coworker. I think airports should have a resident MD on staff at the ticket counter to dispense Xanax to make the flying process less stressful. I'd give an airport 5/5 for sure if that ever happens. Hey, a girl can dream, right?
4	Just as a southern airport should be.  Clean and cozy. White rocking chairs where one can recharge the feet as well as technology.  Really sweet.The restroom is another nice surprise. It's clean, I'm all for that.  The restroom attendant is a nice touch to make sure it's clean, and the greeting is nice.  Having mouthwash and other items is a really great idea.  I have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and  the airport being easy to maneuver.
4	A lot of places to eat in the US Airways terminal. I only had 1 stop here but they have white chairs everywhere which is pretty cool and free wifi.
4	I do like this airport a lot.  I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.  The food choices are great and you will find an SB every few stops to keep you going.  They have the viewing area and rocking chairs if you have a long wait time for connection.  The restrooms are always clean and looked after.  A good airport to connect or travel thru.
4	I fly in and out of CLT quite often and I must say it is usually a pleasure.  Starting with the parking, it's the cheapest in the country....so much so that I always park in Business Valet which is only $10.00 a day which is less than the hourly rate at most other airports.  Pull right in and they take your bags for you to the shuttle which is always waiting for you so your not stuck outside waiting in a shelter like other lots.Security is usually a breeze and with preferred access there is seldom a wait.  CLT has a nice food court with many choices for typical airport fare and the concourses also have some nice choices for food and periodicals.  Keep in mind, you're not eating at 5 Star restaurants, but it is what it is.I like CLT and am happy that my town has an easily accessible, growing airport.
4	This is what a NYC airport should look like. It's chic and they have a wine bar!!! Why would a North Carolina airport have a chic wine bar. I thought i would land at a crappy run down airport like LaGuardia airport but to my surprise the south is more modern than NYC??? odd. NYC get with it!!!!!!
3	Ugh, who likes going to the airport. Over the past years I've watched the process of flying go from a adventurous, fun experience to an annoying, convoluted torture exhibition. Flying is a necessary evil in this day and age, and since this airport is less than a half hour from our apartment, it's our 'port of choice.They just renovated the parking garages, so you can no longer simply park across the street and walk to the airport...you have to park at a somewhat off-site garage and catch a shuttle bus to the airport. The wait is as annoying as it is at any airport between getting through security and waiting for the airline and airport to figure out which gate they will be using for your flight. There's a decent number of expensive restaurants (like Wendys) and shops to charge that wonderful airport upcharge.I don't like flying, I doubt you like flying. It's just something we have to deal with, and this is as good a place as any to get it done.
1	I have an inside joke with my significant other about this place. We officially hate Charlotte. Everyone who works in this airport is miserable. So it has made us assume that everyone in Charlotte must be as well.  For its size, they could have a bit more selection if someone wants to get a quality meal. Every place I've eaten here is horrible. Very nicely decorated though. Sweet rocking chairs.
2	Charlotte Airport is the pits!  Here's why:MAZE - this spot is huge and an absolute maze.  I was flying back on an already 2-hr delayed flight and had to clear customs, recheck a bag, reenter security, and run to terminal B all in 30 minutes.  The international bag pick-up is sluggish and it is actually difficult to find the right exit.  On top of that, customs to baggage claim to security to gate is unreasonably spread out.  I made it with ONE minute to spare because the system was so slow.  SERVICE - the workers are bleak and trudge along as if travelers are not in a hurry, which is not pleasantDELAYS - When I was growing up, my main airport was always timely.  Whenever there was a delay, the plane was coming from Charlotte.  This is a well-established pattern, as I fly ~5 times per year.  Additionally, Charlotte air traffic control must be running on poor technology, because the taxi wait is always long as is the landing.You should know I was flying US Airways, so that adds to my negatively driven situation.
4	Clean, modern, well laid out, free Wifi, and lots of seating. It is a big airport, but it doesn't really feel that way. I thought the food courts were nice and spacious.
4	Whenever I'm booking a flight that requires a connection (which, let's be real, is almost always the case from RIC) and Charlotte appears as an option, I take it. It's easy to navigate, isn't overwhelming and offers standard food options as well as a few of my traveling faves. Jamba Juice, Pinkberry, TCBY? Yes, please!It even boasts rocking chairs (welcome to the South, y'all) and free wi-fi. Doesn't get much better than that during a layover.
2	I really really hate this airport. It is always a bitch flying in and out of it. Not to mention that 2 out of the 4 times I've flown through and had a connecting flight, they've lost my bag during the transfer from one plane to the next including my returning from Dublin. Trust me, when you've been flying 12 hours and have two connections before reaching your final destination, the last thing you want to worry about is if your bag is going to be there when you arrive. This indeed happened, and I didn't get my bag for 3 days. That was a mess since I had been living in another country for six months and everything in there was all I'd had. I try to avoid Charlotte airport at all costs unless it is my absolute final destination which has yet to ever be the case.
4	The inside of the airport is really nice. Lovely rocking chairs near the windows-good luck finding a free one! Lots of options for food and lovely deco. My favorite is the hallway of movie posters featuring movies filmed in NC. If you are connecting-great. Beware that parking is a disaster. Be prepared to take your time finding the correct deck. And arrive early!
4	Rocking chairs, lots of glass windows, and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!
3	We were on our way back from a trip to Mexico and Cuba* when we arrived here for a short layover. This airport is easy to navigate, especially when you are coming through immigration -- there are lots of signs telling you exactly where to go. There was a long line at immigration but it moved fairly quickly. My honey and I had all of our research license paperwork in order for the Cuba portion of our travels in case we were asked for it** but the not-even-a-hello immigration officer guy just scanned our passports, looked at us with his best stern face, and stamped us on our way. We then picked up our checked suitcases, zoomed right through customs (after handing over our customs form) and rechecked our bags. The part that ended up taking the longest amount of time was going back through security, thanks to long lines. I do have to say that the security personnel were working very hard to move everyone along and were really nice as well.If we had more than 5 minutes to spare, I would have picked up some local BBQ to eat on our San Francisco bound flight. Thanks a lot, security line. *You won't hear much more about our trip to Mexico and Cuba since they don't have Yelp. (At least not yet.) I'll just summarize to say that almost everywhere we slept, ate, drank, visited, etc. were unquestionably five star. ** Apparently Beyonce and Jay Z did as well. http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/09/entertainment-us-usa-cuba-beyonce-idUSBRE93600V20130409
5	The rocking chairs here are so cool.
5	I love Charlotte Airport.  It is one of the few airports I look forward to landing at.  A beautiful and open airport that has me strolling through even when I am in danger of missing my flight.  There always seems to be the most beautiful people traveling there as well, and they offer free wi-fi, so that pretty much seals the deal for me!
4	This is one of my favorite airports because everything is very fresh, bright, cheery and nice! The entire airport has floor to ceiling windows which takes the feeling of claustrophobic away from this particular airport. I especially enjoy the little additions they have such as the rocking chairs that look out on the runway as well as a nail salon, yes a nail salon! The Wi Fi is free and there is plenty to do that will keep you entertained for hours, including legitimate shopping (Brooks Brothers, etc), book stores, great restaurants and like I said, a nail salon!
4	Charlotte is a very nice airport to have a layover at.There are numerous restaurants and Starbucks.  Lots of moving walkways if you have to go all the way from Terminal B to D.They have bathroom attendants which always strikes me as odd, but keeps the place very clean.Not a bad place to have a long layover.
3	This is the airport I regularly fly home to visit my family in Charlotte.  It's pretty small, but steadily expanding.  The security line is very slow, and depending on the time of day or week, only one security line may be open.  I once spent 30 minutes in line!  Also sometimes it doesn't matter if you're in the First Class/Priority line because they still alternate with the regular line.Redeeming factors include the Bojangles (in case I can't my Bo fix during my visit), Pinkberry, available electronic charging stations, and the wall featuring movies that were filmed in North Carolina.Now that American Airlines has merged with US Airways, perhaps it'll be even cheaper and easier to catch a flight home.  This airport has been (and maybe still is) one of the most expensive airports to fly in and out of.
4	Recently I have flown more often than I used to, and thus have a better feel on how CLT measure up with other airports. So it's not the prettiest (far from being aesthetically pleasing to be honest), but it is efficient. Go down to Terminal E for TSA check point if the other ones are jammed up, but for the most part I never had too wait to long.  Best part is free wifi. I have logged in to work remotely while waiting for boarding, talk about business travel friendly.
2	I always seem to get placed on the complete opposite end of the airport, when making connections, and have less than 40 minutes to get where I need to go.  As usual, the moving walkways aren't working either.  Places to charge you device?  Nope.  You'd think with the volume of flights CLT has, they would be better prepared, but I guess not.
4	Small airport, easy layout, dingy looking in some areas... Location - like any airport, this one takes a while to get to, into the airport grounds, which I do not mind so much. Inside - its a little outdated in some areas, but in other parts are new. I like how they have some stores that caters to the well travelers or stragglers during their layovers. - love me some Jamba Juice- cannot go wrong with The Body Shop- was able to get currency exchange in pesos during my DR tripStaff - depends on which airline you get on or off from.. It varies.Overall, I do not see a problem with this airport. Smaller airport means, that most of the time, the wait during the screening is not bad at all.
4	Decent airport. Def has a Charlotte feel inside and out.  The airport and overall parking sitch. are kind of a mess right now.  But I imagine it'll be alot nicer once its all finished.  The security check-points aren't that bad, however they do tend to be understaffed on the weekdays.  There's plenty of shopping, and eateries.  They have everything from BBQ, Chili's, Burger King, etc.  Flights are usually run on time for the most part.  The only thing that really slows this place down is ice/snow.  Otherwise, they'll get up out and on to your destination.
4	Very easy to navigate and clean. It has a laid-back feel with the rocking chairs. Be sure to check the reviews on Yelp before forking over your 1st unborn child at the restaurants.
5	This is actually one of my favorite airports - not that I love to fly anymore! I know what terminal I will fly into and out of and know exactly how to get from one point in this airport to the next and how long it will take me. There are plenty of places to shop and eat and occupy your time and I typically have the least number of problems here!Whenever I HAVE to have a connection - I try to arrange for it to be here!PLUS - I normally have little issue getting connected for FREE!
3	They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking, but I imagine they will fix that eventually.  How about some of that well known NC BBQ in the terminals??
3	The flight from Myrtle Beach International Airport into Charlotte International was very pleasant, until we were held in a holding pattern above Charlotte Douglas International Airport for an additional 20 minutes, which became a bit of a challenge later. Although we should recognize that things just happen, and are out of our control. But  when our plane landed on the opposite side of the Charlotte International, it caused everyone connecting to the SFO flight to make a mad dash through already packed terminals to make our departure time in 15 minutes. Since I was traveling rather light, I  felt so bad for a mother traveling with two children that were flying back to California, I simply offered to carry her carry on luggage and made a way for her and her children to our gate. If I had missed my flight, I would have been okay with it....but I knew if that woman and her children had missed that flight, it wasn't going to be a good day for her, especially since it was Mother's Day! We made it on time with 5 minutes to spare. I guess it was my good deed for the day?  But the experience for us all made good conversation for the flight back to SFO, LOL!
4	CHARLOTTE DOUGLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORTHuge but very orderly-run airport in Charlotte, North Carolina. Even with all the construction going on, traffic moved along quite smoothly. Everything was labeled. Lots of little shops to browse through and mini bookstores and magazine stalls to kill time. Friendly service.
5	This place is huge, I feel like I'm at some kind of mall or something. It's by far the nicest and newest looking airport I've been to. Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so. Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around. There are plenty of shops and restaurants and I never had a problem with finding anything or getting to or on my plane. Oh, and very clean!
3	Might just be the must confusing airport I have ever been in
4	Great airport with lots to shop and eat! Easy to navigate.
3	As a frequent traveler, I fly in and out of many airports.  I have been flying through CLT as a connection destination for about 3 years now and am finally writing a review.The good:* Free internet (love it!)* Several food options (Nathan's, Chili's, Quiznos, and TCBY tend to be the place I normally hit-up)* Many clean restrooms with very friendly attendantsThe bad:* Limited seating in the gate areas* The flights out of CLT are never on-time.  I can make it to Charlotte on time, I just can't make it out on -time.  It is almost always sunny and rarely raining or snowing when I'm in the area, yet for some reason we are always late.  If you are thinking of flying through this airport, make sure not to have a quick connection.  Also, make sure not to have any plans because you will almost always be late getting to your final destination for no reason at all.If you can avoid flying through CLT I would suggest it... unless of course you enjoy flight delays.  If CLT is your final destination, then this is an easy airport to rent a car and drive to and from.
4	Easy to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..
3	Everyone here is so incredibly friendly. I am from Philadelphia so I am not used to people being so nice. Everyone smiles and is very helpful in trying to assist you. Everyone wishes you a good day. Wow ! Definetly not what I am used too.I was actually worried that I would offend someone if I wasn't too responsive. I came here while waiting for my transfer flight back to Philadelphia. I usually hate the whole transfer flight experience but, this wasn't bad at all. The airport had plenty of shops & plenty of places to eat.The only downfall was this place was super packed & super busy & the airport actually started to feel super cramped or super small. It was hard searching for a open seat while waiting for my flight. Things seemed a bit disorganized here as well but, I couldn't complain much due to the hospitality.
3	CLT reminds me of what CVG used to be- huge, hub of a major carrier, lots of concourses, plenty of dining options and most importantly delayed flights. CVG was notorious for flights not leaving on time and since Delta moved it's hub to Detroit it is like a ghost town. Anyway I digress- As others have stated there is limited seating in the gate area and it seems like every seat is taken and the number of electric outlets are lacking.
4	Decent airport, but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one, because you will lose it.
2	The food options are spread out, expensive, and impersonal.  The service at US Airways is impolite, and the entire experience is stressful.  This used to be my favorite airport, but now I find it nothing but a hassle.
2	This airport is not the best. Very little seating, fights for any outlet anyone can find to charge their device and a wheel layout which means a long walk between the A through F gate areas makes it less than fun to connect through. The amount of daily traffic chokes the place's HVAC system as well. With all of the seating next to the windows that makes the place a barn-scented sauna during peak travel times. The good; a decent tapas restaurant in the main eating area. The bad; this place needs to be renovated to handle the amount of traffic it is currently getting as flights are shifted to smaller regional planes.
1	Worst airport ever. I have been here 3 times for lay-overs and 3 out of 3 times my flight has been cancelled or delayed. The worst part is not the incompetence, it is the blatant lies. They lie to you and say that your flight will leave "one hour later than expected". This lie renews every hour after the first estimate is found to be a lie.The worst was in the winter of 2011 where I was kept at the airport for 3 days straight days because the airport neglected to buy de-icing agent - for 3 days. I eventually left by taking a train.
4	Surprisingly clean and quite easy airport!  Had wonderful service and bags were quick to be unloaded.  Very easy in and out approach.
5	Can anybody tell me why Charlotte is so far ahead of NYC in terms of airport efficiency and satisfaction? Regardless, I have absolutely no complaints about this place, and here are seven reasons it's my new favorite airport:1. Free and functional (the latter is extremely important) wi-fi. 2. The concourse is clean, bright, and full of nice folks who want to provide help.3. The signage is clear. 4. US Air did its best to delay me, but my checked baggage was ready in seconds.5. The rental car shuttle departed immediately, despite us being the only people on it.6. There are rocking chairs. 7. I only had to elbow one old woman in the head to get through the crowd (clearly everyone else learns quickly).  Also, Charlotte appears to be lightyears ahead of us in eco-friendly technology as well. Bike shares, solar-powered parking meters, electric carports, recycling bins everywhere...in the airport in particular, I appreciate the reusable water bottle taps at the fountains. It means I don't have to do that tilting fill where I can only get the bottle up to 70% tops.Next time I have to come to Charlotte, I won't complain nearly as much.
3	The staff at this airport are extremely nice.  US Air, however, sucks, and they are the main airline in this airport.  My flight was delayed arriving here because this airport couldn't assign us a gate quickly, and my 10:15PM connecting flight left without us instead of delaying only 15 minutes to accommodate several passengers from a connecting flight.  I figured I'd go to sleep and leave on a 6AM flight.  Nope.  At 4AM, I was awoken, accused of trespassing, and was told that the airport was closed and I have to leave.  I've never been in a closed airport before, but I guess that's OK.  The person escorting me was very nice and just doing his job, and they eventually decided to let me stay instead of redoing security.  Beware, if you get stuck overnight, go to a hotel, even if only for a few hours.  Much better than the noise of vacuums and being awoken suddenly and speaking with the police.....
5	We are fortunate that Charlotte Douglas International Airport is  one of the most friendly, well mannered and clean  places in the States.The flight coming into Charlotte makes you proud to belong..I like calling North Carolina home.
3	Bojangles is awesome in this airport. Great chicken sandos!
4	Sushi bar in airport is very good.
4	Just passing through, but nice airport!
4	Charlotte Douglas International Airport is one of the best there is. I travel as much as I can and I have never had a problem. The lines are moderate in length and the employees are as courteous as can be expected. Parking is never a problem, even on busy Holiday travel days. With so many dining options to chose from there is something for everyone. There is definitely more Starbucks than one needs but who is complaining about that. Security checkpoint is efficient and as fast as the customers allow it to be. Signs are clearly marked all over the airport.We are lucky to have such a great airport for all of our travel needs.
4	This airport is like a mall. They have so many stores and restaurants. You almost WANT to have a long layover so you can explore. That was not the case for me, though. I only had enough time to walk from gate to gate. Oh well.
3	Bojangles in Terminal B, go ! That is all. :-)
2	It's an airport.  It is not near the top of my favorites.
4	Plenty of rocking chairs, sky walks, and outlets. Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms. All terminals are connected.
4	I was here while there was a rain storm going on the east coast and I was re routed to the Charlotte airport instead of Philly. I was impressed by the size and organization of this airport. All of the escalators and walkways were functional and restrooms were very clean. They were very fast at moving air traffic as soon as the runway was cleared and we were able to take off about 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time (after being delayed by 30 minutes). There are plenty of options for shopping and dining. I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it.
3	It's an airport, small but had what it needed. Planes.
4	Had my first opportunity to visit NC the other week and flew into Charlotte Douglass International. The airport wasn't as big as I had imagined it would be, but that's OK. While I wasn't here long, I did find it easy to find my way around the airport, so signage was good. I noticed plenty of food and shopping places as I walked thru the airport, but didn't have a chance to stop in to any of these places. On my way back home, I got thru the security line pretty quickly, so no complaints there. Only downside for me was the rental car places are off-site, so you have to catch a bus. I much prefer airports where the rental places are on-site. But even at that, the bus came quickly and you are in a covered area while waiting, which is a good thing seeing as it was raining the day I came in. Overall, no complaints, other than the US Airways delay trying to get back to Philly, but that's certainly not the airports fault...that's just typical US Airways and PHL!!
5	This is a nice size, well organized airport. I also like the surplus of options available to travelers AFTER you get through the TSA security. I thought it was neat to see at the US Airway's reservation/check-in area that there was a "minor unaccompanied" area so you can get your child through the process easily.
3	This airport reminded me of O'Hare in IL, but much smaller - which means a tighter maze - but still a maze.I get a little freaked when I can't get outside, especially when I know outside is just somewhere on the other side of a wall. They have giant windows showing the planes, but turning to the left are endless doorways and corridors and people. I just want SIGNS! BIG  SIGNS saying OUT THIS WAY! The woman who looked like she worked for the airport wasn't moving - in fact she was seated and looked like a mannequin. She explained that she was watching the line of people and couldn't take her eyes off of them - a little creepy, but I guess a necessary job as we need to be mindful of people who wish to do harm. She was able to talk me through to the great outdoors and I was free!Oh yes, there didn't seem to be any air conditioning on. It wasn't hot - like outside, but muggy. Of course, I was in a panic so that didn't help me much. For the most part the airport was clean, still too many eateries and souvenir shops, but I guess they must make a dollar - the cost of flying isn't cutting it for the airports - I wonder who owes the airports anyway - who is making all of that money - I hope they invest in some signage.
2	Horrible. Awful. Worst US airport ever!Ladies bring your dollars. No your not going to the strip club, but you might feel like it. Especially if you have to go to the bathroom in Charlotte Douglas Airport where they have bathroom attendants. Personally I want to wash my hands in peace and not listen to someone call me "honey" or "sweety" or ask me for money. Further more I don't want to have to scurry out hoping to go unnoticed and feel guilty, like I'm doing something wrong. No I don't want to pay you money for doing your job. On top of the awkwardness of the bathroom, you better hope to god that you don't have to get any food here. The people at any and all of the food stations must hate this place as much as I do, smiles are few and far between. My final piece of advice, wear comfortable shoes and stay alert. You will be walking long distances during layovers and during that time are in danger of getting run over by the many carts that are zooming by. I guess most people have a hard time making their connector here, no wonder!
5	I've seen a few American airports by now and i have to say that this one is probarly one the nicest and cleanest i've ever been. Nice dining area and great food choices!Staff is very nice and as far as i relember, there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants.
1	This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back.
5	Love this airport! Always means I'm going somewhere!! San Juan here we come!
2	I was only here for about an hour during a layover so I can't really speak for the whole airport but during my short visit I wasn't too impressed. My flight from Tampa let out right near the gate of my connecting flight, which was great and convenient. I ran to the restroom, which was very crowded but understandable. I went into the only open stall, and noticed right away that the post on the back of the door to hang your bags/purses was broken. I had my carry-on bag with me, which is a big cross-body bag that holds my laptop, tablet, phone, etc. So I had to awkwardly hold it on my lap while I did my business, instead of just hanging it up like in most restrooms, especially those at airports. However the most annoying thing about this airport was that the gates and seating areas were crammed into little corners. Not only making it hard to find a spot to wait, but it was almost impossible to hear them call your flight for boarding since many flights were departing around the same time, lines formed and it was just an absolute mess. The trash cans I saw in the seating area were also overflowing. People tried to throw out plastic cups and the like before their flight and at one point some of it just toppled onto the ground. Overall the experience was unpleasant, I've been to much better airports.
4	Just passing through againh... but the Seafood joint in terminal C has some great food!
4	Cleanest bathrooms out of every airport I have been to!Go sit down and take a load off....
3	Nice airport, easy to navigate, but the delivery of bags at baggage claims takes very long time. I wish the airport authority will create a walkable connection between the new parking lots and the main terminal.
4	While airports in general are not my destinations of choice, this one isn't half bad.  It's clean, there's decent places to eat, and there's plenty of shops to browse to pass the time.  Another reviewer referred to this airport as "upscale" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.  I'd much rather be stuck here than some other airports any day.
3	Big airport with many electric walkways that makes it easy to go the long distances between gates.  The Atriums have white rocking chairs. Many trees as well line the main atrium.
3	I was only here for about an hour, so my review will probably be more superficial than others. Previous reviewers are correct -- this airport has many shops and restaurants which give it a mall-like atmosphere.  But I'd rather have it that way, instead of being stranded with nothing to do during a layover. The only negative I can say is that there are not enough power outlets.  I arrived after a 4+ hour flight, where I spent my in-flight time watching movies on my iPhone.  So, naturally, the first thing I look for when arriving is an available outlet.  The only outlets to be found are along the windows.  If you need power, you better find an outlet fast because they go quick!
1	This is the worst airport I've ever had the displeasure of passing through. Sure, there are some decent places to eat, but every single time I have to make a connection through Charlotte Douglas it's delayed by several hours. I haven't been to any other airport with as many delays and with such frequency. I'd gladly sacrifice the Pinkberry for a more punctual schedule.
3	Pretty good overall. the concourses are designed to require lots of walking to go from one to another, but there are good people movers to help if they are working. An abundance of white rocking chairs sets a relaxed mood...and more comfortable than the standard airport chairs.  Plenty of eating places. A bit put off by having a men's room attendant tearing off sheets of paper for hand washers.....with extended palm and giant bottle of listerine.
4	Layover on way home, more places to eat than I've seen!
5	A great  airport to me has a good variety of food, multilple bars, plenty of places to sit/sprawl out, and HELLA power sockets. CLT has all of the above.
4	I flew through the airport twice in one weekend, once in the early morning, once in the late evening. I flew through on a connecting flight, so keep in mind that I never got to see anything between the ticket counters and metal detectors.Overall, the airport is very clean, doesn't smell weird, and the staff is very courteous. They are really great about helping out people who have limited mobility.The center section (the "hub" area from which the gates extend) is really nice - I love the window wall and the rocking chairs that are lined up perfectly for people watching, book reading, and relaxing. The chairs are right across from the famous piano, and I actually had a relaxing, great time rocking and listening to a volunteer pianist play. At one point a traveler joined her and sang along (talentedly ;) The floors are tile and there are a lot of high tables where you can sit and eat. The second floor is kind of like a mini upper-loft kind of thing and there are a few rocking chairs up there are well that nobody seems to know about; these face the center hub area and the glass wall so you can sit up there and watch the planes taxi up to the gates. I liked that I could be in that area and have it not feel like an airport.I thought the airport was small enough that walking around the different areas to the shops and food wasn't bad at all. I'd feel perfectly comfortable, if I had an hour layover, to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side. I never encountered any lines at any of the bathrooms as they're really really big and are easily accessible.
3	This airport is kind of huge and unwieldy, and if you are connecting through here I suggest leaving plenty of time to get from one terminal to the other.  Though there are maps all over and it is laid out fairly clearly so that is good.I will agree with many of the other reviewers - this place is bright, clean and has some good restaurant choices.  If your layover is long enough that you don't have to be sprinting from one area to the other, there are a lot of good places to hang out.  I have been to the Chili's and the Fox Sports Bar so far, and have to say Fox Sports Bar is one of my favorite airport places ever.  I wouldn't mind sitting out a several hour delay there.At the same time, I am extremely bothered by the whole bathroom attendant thing.  The bathrooms were busy and the bathroom attendant was a hindrance to everyone trying to get in and out of there quickly.  People don't need to be told when they go to the bathroom where the toilet or the sink is, and there was no purpose in having the person there.  And then you feel guilty for not tipping, because there is a big tip jar there.  Why would you tip someone who hasn't provided any type of service for you?  Then I worry, what if she is actually the janitor, and they made her "bathroom attendant" so they could pay her crappy wages and claim she was making up the rest with tips?  Then obviously few people are tipping her, so she would then make less than a normal janitor.  I hope that is not the case, but who knows?  I thought it was very weird that there was a bathroom attendant in there and I will be avoiding those bathrooms from now on.Two stars for the horrible bathrooms, five stars for the restaurant/bar choice, 3-4 stars for all the other relatively minor aspects of the airport.  I will settle at 3 stars because the whole bathroom thing was so bothersome to me.
4	Actually this is one of my favorite airports. I like the fact that there are rocking chairs in all the terminals for use by weary passengers. The food selection in the main area is not bad as well as some of the offerings in the different terminals. Flights are usually pretty much on time unless there is a major thunderstorm passing through the area.I chose to travel on an airline other than USAIR, which "owns" this place, and everything went quite well. The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous. Not a bad place to spend time between flights.
3	Design isn't very nice, just getting a little dated.  But the airport was pleasant and very functional.  My trip was very smooth through this airport.  And I like the Sprinter which runs from the airport to Uptown.
3	First thing I noticed were the rocking chairs. Wish I had time to chill out in one of them, but no, had to run off to my connecting flight.Did notice an area with a large glass ceiling, definitely gave the airport a bright and uplifting mood.I wish I had more time to explore, seeing that its a huge airport
2	This airport needs a train like Atlanta.
4	You gotta love the Puddle Skipper. Charlotte is so cool. Coming on Jet Blue is easy and no lag or drag getting in. This is a nice Airport and certainty a simple place getting into and out. I wish there was more like Charlotte meaning the Airport Service Schedule.
4	This is one of my favorite airports. It's warm and fuzzy with it's rocking chairs. It's big... but not a zoo. Easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights!
4	Charlotte Douglas is a pretty impressive place.  This airport served as our layover between LAX and Nassau so my experience is a bit limited to those combined 3ish hours I spent there.  Food options were aplenty.  Everything from Carolina BBQ to Pinkberry to sushi and Cinnabon, there was something for everyone.  Shopping also isn't too shabby.  Can't comment on check in or TSA but it's easy to get around and people are friendly....and theres rocking chairs!
5	This is one of the better airports to travel through. It's easy to get from terminal to terminal. I really like the layout with great restaurants and shops in the center of all the terminals. The rocking chairs are nice. I rarely get to sit in them but it does give the airport a nice feel.  The city center is very near and only a 10 to 15 min taxi ride. I've been trying to take my international flights from CLT as much as possible. If you are a US Airways traveler, there is no better airport in the US.
4	Like most airports free WiFi is available.   This airport is pretty busy.  There are people everywhere so at times you are almost tripping over other people while trying to get from one gate to the other.   They have a pretty descent main food court and good eateries in every concourse.  The unique things about this airport,  at least to me,  were the fact that they had a guy playing the piano in the food court for tips.   Also,  they have rocking chairs lining the windows so you can get a good dose of sunshine while you sit and wait.   However,  be prepared to have to fight for a rocking chair.  The last unique thing were these cool attachments to the water fountains that were specifically designed to make it easier for you to fill almost any size water bottles.
3	This airport reminds me of O'hare because it is huge. I mean you 99.9% of the time, you need to have on your running shoes to sprint to the next gate which is never in the same area that you arrive in. ( although it shows me only have two check-ins I have been here numerous times)  For example, on my recent trip home, we arrived an hour late at gate B3 and I had to sprint to D7 only for it to be delayed. But then we had to go to gate C13 because the plane at gate D7 was infested with ants in the cargo bay that had just arrived from Montego Bay, Jamaica. LOL  It was funny after the fact, but when you are hauling a carry one that is small in size but heavy in weight, and you are dressed in a cute sundress with cute but flat sandals, it got to be a little much. All in all, this is a nice airport that is very clean and with lots of restaurant options. Just be ready to sprint to your next gate upon arriving!
3	It's a decent airport.  It's big and has pretty much any restaurant you want.  But the handicap transport carts are freakin crazy!  There are more there than at any other airport.  There will literally be traffic hand with multiple going in both directions!  And that's with a huge mass of people also trying to get where they are going!  And many are running because its such a huge airport!  And it's like a spiderweb.  Atlanta is bigger but you don't know that because its laid out much better and has a train.  I like to walk anyways so I don't care about that but Charlotte airport is like a maze and you can get lost if you aren't paying attention!  Lol But I'll give it 3 stars because of all the rocking chairs.  Gotta love that!  :)
3	Why is it that the gates always seem twice as far apart when your flight is over an hour late?  However, the Stella Artois at the FOX Sky Box helps me ease back into casual traveller.
5	CLT is hands down the best smelling airport there is. The baggage claim area in particular smells like a bar of expensive soap. I don't know how they do it but they should be proud.Like other reviews add, the layover amenities here are great. And, while the parking isn't great now they are working on that and it should be better soon.
5	Love this airport, spacious, clean, not crowded, very decent options to eat for an airport, can transfer from one terminal to other quickly without any trains or shuttles. Free WiFi, charging stations, ramps, this airport has got it all.
4	CLT is my go to airport! Living in the Triad PTI doesn't really have that many options to work with so often times I have to drive on over to Charlotte. I like that the airport is all one building no need to take a tram or bus anywhere, which is key if this is your layover spot. This place is always packed though! Just masses and masses of people to walk through, with that being said they are pretty good with making sure their security lines don't get too crazy and they have a lot of checkpoints open. As far as food goes it's your standard airport fare nothing really above the standard. I do enjoy the Cinnabon and Jamba Juice. As with most airports people think it is okay to just park in the arrivals area so sometimes waiting out there for your ride can be a bit of a mess with all the cars parked everywhere. Departures can get pretty backed up too, just because it is the drop off area for all airlines so it's a lot of people moving through.US Airways is my jam at this airport. They have the flights I need! For some reason they love to have the four flights at the end of terminal C all leave within ten minutes of each other, that always causes some confusion and is quite the cluster. To their credit and the airports credit of the 30 or so flights I have taken out of Charlotte in the last three years only two of them have been seriously delayed.
3	If ever an airport that resembles Hartsfield as far as driving up, airline departure approach, it is is Douglas.  It looks like Hartsfield Jackson's little brother.  However there is no monorail between terminals (which is cool with me).  Not to far from I-85 and direct access from Billy Graham, Charlotte Douglas isn't too big of an airport but isn't small either.  Never had any departure/arrival issues or delays with Charlotte Douglas and is just 15 mins away from Uptown Charlotte and/or South Carolina is another 5 minutes added.  The TSA isn't bad, just a normal process.  People and service is pretty good.  Dining options are pretty good.   Charlotte Douglas is alright in my book - recommend especially if you are a USAirway user.Grade: C
4	Pretty normal airport , I flew out on a Tuesday morning expecting long security lines that they are notorious for but got through security in about 15 mins. I'm sure leaving on a Monday or Fri would include a very long wait. Overall check in boarding and the general airport were great . I flew US Airways which is the major hub down there and didn't' have any issues.I did like the bathroom attendant I was there pretty early and had a few Starbucks drinks so I made quite a lot of trips to the bathroom before my flight. She was super nice and friendly . My only issue is the baggage claim , my flight was only an hour but I had to wait about 35-45 mins for my bags ! Oh also can't forget about the parking situation , it appears they are doing construction but I would add in an extra hour after you land for baggage retrieval and waiting on a bus to get back to your car. The long term buses seemed to come around a lot more than the daily parking.
3	Sort of pricey shops!!!!!
4	One of the cleanest, friendliest, efficiently operated airports in eastern United States. Plenty of oversized rocking chairs with great views of the airport and downtown Charlotte.
3	If you fly UsAir, you're probably familiar with this airport since it is their Eastern hub. I flew in on American where they only have 2 gates, so my experience may be atypical. Arrivals: Clear signage, short walk to baggage claim, individual shuttles to car rentalDepartures: TSA pre-check at security b, limited food choices, no cell phone charging stationsPros: Any airport with TSA pre-check and free wifi automatically gets a pass. This airport is definitely bare bones for any airlines besides USAir so I was happy enough to have an uneventful experience here.
5	Easy to get in and out of. Employees are very helpful. Inviting, clean and bright. Great food choices as well.
1	If you connect in Charlotte expect constant delays!!!!!   Every time I connect through to Dulles I experience planes with mechanical delays
4	The people here are pretty helpful. You have a pretty big choice selection of places to eat. The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.
5	I've been plenty places in NC and this is one of the best, coming or going. Either I've been to the wrong places in the state, or it's really that awesome. Both. You see a lot of amazing things coming and going from this place. Going to Winston-Salem, leaving was the good part, best part. Chapel Hill coming. Awesome place, great food, good people. When they say flash flood though, they mean it. OH has warnings all the time and gait may rain hard, but this place is flooded five minutes later literally. MJ has history here, that's Michael Jordan incase your stuck on that. Raleigh/Durham, actually was same trip and coming was awesome. Really cool place, they both have awesome craft beers brewed right there in those cities. I speak in detail on them in my review of Aloft Hotels. I flew American Air to and from here, kind of uncomfortable flight, I hate flying though. I gotta get first class at least once. I'll hype that airline up once that happens, sooner than later hopefully.
4	I had no problems navigating the hallways of this airport at all. The only reason this airport lost a star is because I'm a smoker. In order to smoke here, you have to go all the way outside, bang a left and go to the end of the building. This would not be an issue except that now you have to go back in through the security checkpoints. Can we say "pain in the neck"? However, I was literally the only person in line. Also, the supervisors answered a question I had about A TSA guideline, and did so with a sense of humor!
3	Not my favorite airport. But, it's ok.
1	Dear Airport:  I've never been inside you, but let me tell you how much you suck on the outside. You suck a lot. Is this entire place under construction??? Oh, yes... yes, it is. Did a nuclear bomb take out short term parking? The roads leading in and up to the terminal are a confusing, cone-zone maze and are also under construction. The construction appears to be under construction. Hate you.
5	I have spent more time than I care to share in CLT but it is still my favorite airport. The layout is super easy and I feel comfortable knowing that I landed in C Terminal but am connecting in E Terminal, I know exactly where that is and how long it will take me to get there. I know where the decent food is at or if there is a TCBY nearby. It's like going to the mall in your hometown. I've already scoped it out and no where not to waste my time.They always have free wifi and you can find power outlets all over the place. It's easy to find a spot to plug in and get some work done or just relax in a rocking chair on the main concourse. CLT feels small enough that you feel comfortable getting around but large enough that they're still getting shit done.
2	Flown in twice now.  The traffic pattern system for incoming and outgoing jets is a nightmare!  Access to outer runways is practically through the center of the inner runway, so each jet has to wait until runway is clear before crossing.  Even worst, whomever is managing tarmac coordination on Sundays and Wednesdays sucks! Be prepared to be sitting on the tarmac for minimum 45min after gate pushback before plane takes off.I've gotten out of ORD and PHL lot faster than this airport.
4	Great airport: easy to navigate.  Decent selection of eateries and shops. Always clean.
2	This may totally be TMI but what public restroom of such an institution doesn't have toilet covers?? I'm already dodging people in the airport, I don't want to be bumping or touching or having any contact with them to THAT level either with germy toilets.  It would have been alright had the toilet paper not become tiny inch shreds when one attempted to take some.In the terminals themselves where the gates are, there isn't much of a variety of food. Only fast food and the "healthy" deli with sad refrigerated premade salads and sandwiches. I had trouble finding a seat since most had trash or were dirty.Didn't go but based on the map, the main concourse is the place to be based on shops.Redeeming factor: flight (US Airways) was not only on time but 25 minutes early to my destination!
2	There are a good selection of places to eat. Nice lobby
1	I hate the screaming "announcements. " over the overhead speakers. .   Volume is crazy excessive in gate area of E32.    Go to Hometown Team Bar and wait for your flight....the screaming is maddening
2	This is the most outdated and dingy major city airport I've ever seen. I was shocked that such a large beautiful and clean city has this to offer as it's first and last impression. CLT is begging for a major renovation!The location, however, is stellar. A super short jaunt to the metro area. They also have a Cinnabon and that counts for a lot in my book.
3	This is not a bad airport.  I had my first connecting flight ever here and luckily they were smart to put the star alliance altogether so you do not have to hike 3 miles to your connection.  Since it is a smaller airport there is a lot less traffic and you will leave on time.  I have used this airport twice so far and I remember they were pretty good the last time too.1/2 star off.  High calorie fatty food.  No lighter options.  1.5 stars off.  SHUT THAT DAMN BEEPING HANDICAP GO CART OFF!!!!  The last thing I want to hear is a constant beep every three minutes at 10 o'clock at night with these stupid carts pacing back and forth without any passengers.
1	Um, this airport sucks, okay? Avoid at all costs. I flew through here two times last week. Both coming and going we experienced hour-long runway delays. Seriously. When landing, we had to chill out someplace random b/c another plane was at our gate unexpectedly. And then there was no skybridge. And then we had to circle around a few times because the airport gods grew tired of us sitting and waiting. Then, both times we took off (heading to and from Tally), we had to wait, stacked up on the runway, for 45 - 60 minutes. Case in point, the pilot actually told us excitedly once we were NINTH for departure. Unless CLT is your home, fly through ATL.
3	I've flow in and out of here a number of times and in comparison to the various airports both in this country and around the world, this one is ranks high on the list.And because it ranks high it is also popular and very, very busy! Going from point A to point B through here can be maddening! There are people everywhere! And further more, airport employees who drive those large, noisy contraptions built to hall those who need a ride to their gate zoom back and forth all over the place. It's a wonder no one was hit! In fact, I heard one employee shouting at another employee (both driving those contraptions) "Hey, stay on one side of the road?"  "Road," I thought. "Since when were any of us walking on a road?"Still, I have to commend Charlotte International for attractiveness, plenty of shopping, a wide variety of places to dine, and success as an active hub. If my flight wasn't late, I'd have enjoyed it more!
5	I have been through this airport more than I really want... perhaps the reason being this is the ONLY transit airport from my little town... however I should say this airport is also perhaps one of the friendliest hence being one of my favorite amongst all the National and International airports I have traveled through! One major plus the restrooms are uber clean!!
5	Helpful. Nice. Smooth experience.  Airport is carefully laid out and the moving walkways help get to your destination faster.  This place even has a PInk Berry!  They keep it clean and pleasant.  No complaints to date.
3	This airport is small enough that you can't really get lost trying to find our gate or navigate your way to baggage claim, but its also large enough to have some good options for things to do and places to eat while you're trying to kill time after getting through security.I left on a Sunday afternoon and despite the traffic being insane on the way in, I had no issues once I was in the front doors. The bag drop was quick, security clearing was about average, and at the gate there were lots of seats to choose from.No complaints here.
4	CLT  Depends on your carrier but there is some nice food options. It's been upgraded recently, funny the best food is on the domestic piers and the international piers have the least to offer. The First Flight Sushi is great, US has two lounges B and C
4	Great Airport for flying in and out of!  Great central food court with your choice of something for everyone!  Walking traffic seems to flow well here!  Never yet delayed (probably jinxed it) with the 10+ times I've flown in here but I've never had a bad experience here! Giddyup CLT!
3	Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs.
4	I really like this airport.. Free wifi everywhere and cool little rocking chairs to sit in while u surf and people watch. It's well laid out (easy to get to all your gates) and a central, easy toe reach, area offering BBQ among other standard eats.  It is clean and well-maintained too.
3	A bit dark in the evening. Could use more signage. Customs can take a while, so don't try to cut your flight too close.  Staff is friendly and foods are overpriced. Otherwise, no complaints so far.
4	I love this airport for connecting flights.  it is large and clean and I have experienced fewer delays here than say Phili or DC.   I've connected here for both Orlando and for Dallas on multiple occasions and I find the flights to be consistent.
4	Rocking. Chairs. Do yourself a favor, if you must have a layover, have it at CLT. While you rock yourself to sleep like a grandma (ain't no shame in that), bust out your Pandora, because the WiFi is free, and slowly fall asleep in your melting cup of gelato. Once you've woken from your salted caramel gelato slumber, head over to the attended restrooms where a sweet southern woman will hand you napkins and tell you the confection makeover simply makes you look more tan. She will not mean it, but it will make you feel better anyway.* **I recommend hitting the nail spa in the D-E terminal after you have freshened up. They have a great selection of polishes and the women do a great job. I'm always pleasantly surprised when I get a good mani outside of my go-to salons. I have no idea why. It isn't like my nail girls go to a special school to learn how to please me specifically. I'm a cliche mani receiver. I like the massage, the cuticle treatment and the hot towel same as everyone else. Anyway this salon is open until 10pm, so even you redeye jetsetters can get your digits done right before the flight. After your tips are dried, I recommend a snack and glass of wine at Beaudevin. It would be easy to stop at Chili's because Chili's is RIGHT THERE and comfortable and you know it by heart, but don't. Do yourself a favor and get a charcuterie platter and hummus. It's good food, and not just by airport standards. Then I recommend catching your flight, because as awesome as CLT is, home is (hopefully) the better place to be.*Not a first-hand account of my experience**Yes it is
4	I really like the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It's a clean airport with many (many) places to shop and eat - and the food choices are good. If you have a layover here I think your experience will be a good one.
1	i hate US Airways, shitty services
4	Nice airport. I connected to TPA coming from YYZ. I was in concourse C for about an hour, which was just enough time to grab a bite and board my next flight. It was my first time flying to the US and it's good thing I didn't have to clear customs in Charlotte.
4	TSA Pre in place. Smallish, easy airport to navigate. I can't speak to connections as I have only flown in and out of here. The process is extremely easy as far as that goes. Baggage came out in timely fashion. As for departure, process again, very easy. TSA were nice and professional.Gates are very convenient to get to.Once through security, there are plenty of choices for food and beverages.Rental cars are a short bus ride, not bad at all.
4	I can't speak for going through TSA, because this is always a transfer spot for me, but changing planes, and finding your next gate, is a breeze!! When given the option, I always choose Douglas when planning a flight with a layover.
4	As a frequent flyer that often finds himself on US Airways - I am very familiar with Chalotte Douglas International Airport.  In my opinion it is one of the easiest most well equipped airports in the country.First off all the gates are pretty close to each other and to add to the ease of use, their are moving platofmrs throughout the major travel pathways.  Beyond that, the seating areas are filled with locations to charge my ever growing collection of electronic components.Next for me is the food situation.  This place is stellar.  If you look at my other reviews the Jamba Juice, Wine Bar and Burger Bar are all major standouts.  That being said their is a pretty decent mexican concept in the form of Salsarita's as well as decent BBQ.  Beyond that their is ample massage, clothes and services to execute everything you need.Lastly, the delightfully southern white rocking chairs and oaks growing inside the main atrium create a wonderful ambiance to pass the time.
4	Traveling through this airport was a surprisingly pleasant experience. Everyone was friendly.  Food was decent.  Plus they have water bottle refilling fountains, free wi fi, and rocking chairs.
3	Oh, Charlotte Douglas. I want to like you ... but like the rest of the city, the most memorable thing is how forgettable this place is.This airport is a fairly bustling hub, and because of this it can feel expansive. In fact, I might give two stars if it weren't for the free wifi.
5	What a great airport! I absolutely loved the rocking chairs and the real trees nestled by the windows in the main area. It made you feel like you were sitting in the park, ignoring the people constantly running by in a panic to get to their next flight. There were many restaurants here, even a sushi bar. I was stuck on a 3 hour layover here and I did sample the Starbucks but that was about it as far as the vendors go. Not a bad place to be stuck that's for sure.
3	I give Charlotte Douglass Airport a 3 right now because it sucks going to pick up people because of the new construction of the new parking levels. You have to catch a shuttle they will not let you walk and you wouldn't want to anyway. Make sure you pay attention to what lot you are parked in and what shuttle you need to get back. The parking levels will not be completed until Nov. 2014. It will be nice when they do finish and much easier to pick up people again.
2	My problem here is that I expect better. The Charlotte Douglas airport is one that I sort of dread in that it is so close to RDU that it seems like a complete waste of my time to be there in the first place. It is only about a 30 min flight to and from RDU so I am already frustrated when I arrive. I'll give you that. However, when I have a layover in Charlotte, which there are almost always delays and some issue, I find myself wishing there were more opportunities for shopping, better areas for lounging and hanging out, and better food options. Where is the fresh food for goodness sake? I spent 45 minutes of my 3 hour layover walking around, looking for something that did not look scary to eat. Then, when I sit down, everything is a sticky mess. It is pretty easy to maneuver and it's not so large that time is a nightmare. I have never had to go through security here as I have never flown in our out initially, only had layovers so I cannot speak for that experience. I hope to have a good experience here one day. I see from other yelp reviews that it exists, I just haven't had one yet.
4	This used to be my main airport when I lived in Charlotte. Now I only see it every once in a while. Pros:Free internetThose rocking chairs!Many quick food optionsGoing through security is usually quickCons:It has really expanded into a very busy airport, it is way more crowded than it was 4 years ago. Too many people for my liking.It is the hub for US Airways and thus flights in and out are frequently delayed, as I have experienced too many times to count on this airline. I have never experienced so many delays as at CLT.Sit down stay awhile options are limited. It used to be worse but they have added some. My favorite now is Bad Daddy burgers. Yum!
3	Nice Airport, one of the busier airports.  There is currently a lot of construction going on for the parking areas, so beware that can be a pain sometimes (currently just the daily area is being redone.)  Go to the Terminals on the far left (Terminal D,E)  to try and find the TSA checkpoints that normally have less people. All the Terminals Connect on the inside.
3	It's been a long time since I've been to this airport. The last time I went through it I just remember spending several hours (due to weather) being delayed. I made many a lap from C Concourse, through the central area, and down Concourse A on the moving walkways. Unfortunately a lot of the shops were closed due to the late hour, but I had my music and I was in my own little bubble.Had to fly to Charlotte for a business trip on the Monday after Thanksgiving. Jacksonville wasn't super busy when I left, but Charlotte Douglas more than made up for that. The agents - though they take their job very seriously - are all pleasant to deal with and no one was unnecessarily rude.US Airways isn't usually on my list of options to consider because I fly west more often than north, but I'll have to keep them in mind next time. Wouldn't mind - with the right amount of time - having a layover in Charlotte.
3	Bible belt y'all.  First things first... the airport is just fine.  It is clean, pretty big and offers a wide variety of options for food.  The airport does get pretty busy, so arrive accordingly.  Also, their liquor laws are suuuuuuper strict (read no booze on Sunday until at least noon).  Just sayin.
4	CLT, I've got no beef with you. You are bright, clean and easy to navigate... which is what I look for in a connector. Although I haven't made you an actual destination... maybe some day friend. My plane always leaves from the same gate... so no guesswork about which concourse or running to hop a train to get there. I appreciate the free wifi if I'm traveling for business and in a pinch, there are some decent food options.  I saw you have some shopping as well, although, for the life of me, (besides a little last minute forgot to get you something souvenir, guilty pleasure mag to read on the plane, or my luggage was lost and I need clothes now) I don't know who shops in an airport. I will not be that person on the plane with a carry on, purse and armload of shopping bags taking up all the valuable overhead storage. You're welcome! :)I did get stuck here once, but it wasn't your fault a massive snowstorm was hitting DC. I quickly got out of there and into a hotel, to return the next morning super early... and even though everyone else was doing the same thing... it really wasn't THAT bad.I'll pick you over ATL if I have a choice, any day. I am also a fan of your rocking chairs, with convenient plug ins close by and the bathroom attendants. There is just something about those melt-in-your-mouth peppermints. And really did the trees too.
4	Oh Charlotte, I fly you once a year, during Thanksgiving and I'm the one who gets in before all the amateurs (or that's what I try to do at least).  I love you more now that you have SWA flying through you.  I just hate trying to have to eyeball which security gate to go through because certain checkpoints are always busy as all heck.Having the food court right outside security is kind of awkward and gets crowded.  I appreciate the free wifi and the fact that it's not insane to try and navigate.  Rocking chairs for those who like them.  In terms of drop off/ pick up, during high flight arrivals, it's insanely busy traffic wise....that needs fixed
2	Not a fan at all.  Although the place is bright and clean I found the airport staff to be extremely unfriendly.The bathroom attendents are sort of weird too.
4	Came here for a few connecting flights.  Nice, big and very clean airport.  Lots of places to choose from for food and drinks they even had a guy playing a piano at one of the more expensive restaurants.  It was easy to get around from terminal to terminal as well.
4	I like this airport. It's clean, filled with lots of different food and snack options, has a few shops to shop at, and even has a massage parlor in here to get pampered while you wait for your flight! WHAT. I also had a mishap at the security checkpoint and somehow temporarily lost my ID and boarding pass when I set it down to take off my jacket and shoes. I was freaking out because I thought I wouldn't be able to get in and it was just stressful. But one of the TSA workers tried to help me find my ID and boarding pass, and helped me look through my stuff. I was expecting a rude attitude since their job is just to get everyone in and out of the security checkpoints, so having one of them help me when I was so frantic was really nice. Eventually, after like 3 minutes of searching and no luck, one of the other TSA officers seemed a bit annoyed and just told me to go through and that I could print out another boarding pass. After I passed the security inspection, somehow miraculously, my ID and boarding pass was in one of the grey bins with my stuff. I'm not sure who found it and put it in there (because I def looked in my bins and through all my stuff), but I was very thankful for them and that TSA officer.
3	Decent.  I had no clue this place was so spacious for a relatively small airport.  I loved the rocking chair seating options throughout the terminals.  The bathrooms were clean...though I wasn't sure how I felt about the old school bathroom attendee.  Dates the place....and awkward in an airport setting.  It was easy enough to find my way around.  Loved that they had a Jamba Juice, a variety of sit down restaurant options, and some shops.  I really didn't like that you have to fight your way through the crowd of people just passing through security and the waves making their way between terminals.  That security section really needs to be pushed back a bit.  The absence of outlets at my gate wasn't all that grand, either....and I still don't know why we had to deplane on the tarmac, especially when we were on a plane large enough to have a proper First Class section.  They also didn't have enough staff to make it clear where to go to get inside of the airport.  We needed at least one person at the plane and another at the airport door.Still, I'm surprised that I really didn't mind this airport.
4	Why 4 stars? Because I don't have many complaints.   ---   ---   ---It's hard to review an airport after just spending a layover or two there. But here's what I know.1) I had my first Bo Jangles experience here. 2) This place is the people mover capital of the world.#2 is unofficial, but my God... there are more people movers than people here.
5	I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out. Get my nails done? Check! Superb southern food? Check! Legit shopping? Check and check!
4	Well, it looks like I will be seeing a lot of Charlotte Douglas. I've spent the past 2.5 years flying out of my little puddle-jumper airport of TVC and although lovely, new, small and clean, it basically just flies to Detroit and Chicago (and other places nobody goes, like Ohio)- so I'm thrilled to be living in CLT for a bit and have a real, actual, international airport.I flew in a couple of weeks ago and flew out yesterday- only to fly back on Friday to return to Charlotte. No complains during my arrival- luggage came relatively quick and my boyfriend illegally parked to pick me up with no problems at all. Hooray for illegal parking.I was pleasantly surprised to find myself qualified for "TSA pre-check" or whatever during my Tuesday morning departure, which was great since I didn't have to take off my shoes, coat, or take out my laptop. Apparently I am a "low risk" traveler, maybe because I never beep when I go through security, fly several times every month or two and am a tiny blonde female. Who really knows.In any case, security was a breeze and I quickly found my gate, right next to a couple of restaurants. I passed a Starbucks and other various breakfast spots on my way there, but was glad to find a breakfast sandwich place right next to where I was flying out of. Don't you hate when you find your gate and then realize all the good coffee and food spots are way way down the concourse? Me too.I like this airport. It's not crazy big like ORD, it isn't spread out ridiculously like DTW and is not filthy like LGA. I think it's safe to say Charlotte Douglas is a little gem in the south east- not to mention only 10-15 minutes away from my current place.Knocking a star because everyone keeps talking about free Wifi, but I couldn't connect. I pay for Boingo since I fly so often, yet they don't have that service there.
3	The airport is going thru some major remodeling and additions to the parking spaces and there is a major construction area going on. This is causing some major delays when getting the bus to the parking lots and it looks that not many buses are available when many people need them. Hopefully the situation is going to improve in the near future.
4	I spent altogether too much time here over the past two days in layover land, but it wasn't the worst airport experience ever... rocking chairs, plenty of 'nail clipper, magazines & earbuds' stores, a wine bistro with a live pianist, and of course, Carolina accents all-around yaaaaa'll.One major complaint - you need more outlet stations for plugging sh*t in, Charlotte! I shouldn't need to walk past 20 gates to find a station that is nearly full and unpleasantly crowded. You're a layover airport and you need more of these. Please.I did love the 'ritas and beans at Taquileria, and that did kill some time. Some deliciously tequila-ey time!Sidenote - totally leaned on my Kindle and smashed it here. :( Don't lean on your Kindle.
3	Easy to navigate. The best thing each time I connect in Charlotte is the Piano player between Concourse B and A. So nice to see live peaceful music in the hussle and bussle of the airport.
4	I love Charlotte and I don't even know her last name...The Airport much like the city itself is like the new girl in town who wants to be part of the "cool crowd" so she does her best to stand out....What's not to like about an airport with quick security..rocking chairs in the atrium..plenty of food options...bars..shopping..salons..and Starbucks every 10 feet?..special recognition for having a Bojangles Chicken Outlet which are seriously missed in Florida...add in the fact they have clean bathrooms with friendly Carolina Southern Bathroom Attendants..free Wi-Fi in the airport and plenty of charging stations and you have the template for what other airports should strive for....only reason I am not giving this airport 5 stars is not really their fault..since USAir has made it their primary East Coast Hub the airport is a little overutilized for it's size..it leads to all the problems one would imagine...gates that are occupied with another plane when you land so lots of time is spent sitting in the plane waiting to park..long waits to takeoff when you are number 10 in line to take off and crowded terminals and people movers..they are trying to deal with it with the current construction projects going on, but for now that just makes it a hassle getting to and from the airport...all in all though if I'm going to be delayed at an airport which always sucks CLT would be at the top of my list to be delayed at..just get a 3 piece at Bojangles than go hang at one of the bars drinking some of the local beer from Old Mecklenburg Brewery........cheers my fair Charlotte till I see you again
4	It's big and busy with a Starbucks on every concourse.  It's not too difficult to make it from one end of the building to the other, if you need to.My favorite spot is the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Co.  I like to bring the kiddos a candied apple when I return from a business trip.
4	Big airport with lots of moving sidewalks and the best part is rocking chairs! Lots and lots of beautiful white rocking chairs. There are small shops every few feet, plenty of places to eat and to shop. And these aren't touristy shops either, they have Brightons (jewelry and handbags) Brookstone (electronics), EA sports and PGA shop, also Johnstone and Murphy (men's wear) and my favorite!- Rocky Mountain chocolate factory! Unfortuantly I was just passing through on my way to Atlanta, so I only walked through this airport.
4	Nice airport in decent condition. The food and shopping selections have improved over the years. While I find it a tad annoying to have a restroom attendant, I do appreciate a clean seat & sink. Go ahead, tip them, hit the Body Shop & have a drink! You'd be surprised by breakfast selections at 5:30/6:00.
4	I have never had any troubles going through security at Charlotte Douglas International Airport.  The airport has some nice stores, bars, and restaraunts.  If you are getting picked up from the airport, it can get a little hectic because they try to keep the traffic moving.
3	This airport now offers free wifi. That's a big plus in an otherwise mediocre airport.
4	was here for a 2 hours layover.... lots of restaurants and shops to walk around in. Make sure you check out EA SPORTS! They even have a live piano player playing songs to entertain people in the main hall.My only complaint with this airport is that they do not update the info boards enough. I ALMOST MISSED MY FLIGHT!
4	I loathe flying - every second that I'm on a plane is sheer torture. I'm currently 28,000 feet in the air and Yelping to avoid thinking about that fact and the two hyperactive 8 year olds who are literally wrestling in the seat behind me. Right, so I hate flying, But I do love a good airport. Maybe it's just that I'm so ecstatic to have my feet back on the ground, or maybe it's that airports like Charlotte's instill in me a sense of adventure, even a bit of nostalgia for the days when flying was a bit more romantic. Bright and airy, with plenty of moving walkways to help you traverse the terminals rather painlessly, CLT (perhaps in spite of its unfortunate call letters) is spacious and welcoming. The connecting space between terminals is lined with live trees and an abundance of white rocking chairs (and the occasional live piano music). The bathrooms each have an attendant which, granted, was really bizarre the first time I experienced this, but I've become accustomed to their greetings. One of them used to even sing a sort of ongoing gospel wishing everyone a safe flight. That's called character, people, and this airport's got it.If there's one downfall it's that the older terminals were clearly not designed for the larger planes. There's almost never enough seating for the passengers waiting to board, and it's almost always overcrowded in these areas. Got a long layover? The first good news is you've got access to free WI-FI. And you won't be disappointed by the food and drink options - I have one very fond memory of a long liquid lunch at the Bacardi Rum restaurant (yep -  apparently that's a thing). They just added an Illy coffee shop as well in the newer D terminal for those of you who like your coffee rich and Italian (...like your men? Sorry, I had to go there :)
3	CLT:Without a doubt, Charlotte Douglas International is the best airport in the Carolinas.  It's the biggest airport in North and South Carolina, so it offers the most options when it comes to flights.  This typically means lower airfare, more scheduling flexibility, and a larger number of non-stop flights.  CLT to SFO, FTW.Growing up in High Point, our family's "home" airport was naturally Greensboro's Piedmont Triad International Airport (PTI).  It's a fine airport if you're making a short regional/east coast trip.  However, more often than not, you will have to connect somewhere if your itinerary originates or ends at PTI.  That can be an inconvenience.More often these days, if flying into or out of North Carolina and trying to get to the Triad, we'll bypass PTI altogether and instead use CLT (and in some instances, RDU - Raleigh/Durham International Airport).  The less-than-1.5-hour drive from the Triad to CLT is worth the time savings and hassle of having to connect in Chicago, DC, Dallas, Houston, etc.Currently, the Charlotte airport is in the midst of major expansion/renovation.  Passenger traffic is growing and the airport is trying to keep up.  While the airport is a hub for US Airways, it still feels relatively small.  No need for people movers.  You can walk in a straight line and cover all the terminals in a short amount of time.  This is good and bad - no need to navigate/walk long distances, but when it's packed, it's packed (not a whole lot of space).  There are multiple security checkpoints and you can easily go from one to another to find shorter lines.The airport has many years on it, but it's well maintained and feels comparatively modern and clean.  One of the best things about Charlotte's airport are the inexpensive parking fees.  Unfortunately, parking fees will be increasing soon, but will remain at reasonable levels.  Long-term lots will increase to $7 a day from $5 a day and daily parking will increase to $10 a day from $7 a day.  The hourly deck and valet prices are set to increase too.  All parking at CLT requires shuttle access to the terminals.Overall, Charlotte Douglas is a solid airport for the Carolinas.
2	The airport is fine but the bathroom attendants have GOT TO GO! especially when they keep talking while you're trying to use the facilities...not okay.
1	Worst airport in the area. Never come to CLT on Monday morning. The valet parking was full by 6:10 am. Security lines are ridiculous. I drove up from Columbia SC for the last time.
4	I think this is one of the best airports in the world, but the new gate check in changes are ridiculous.  They seem to change weekly and they have ruined any benefits of having status or first class.  Jamming all business travelers through a single gate just destroys the purpose.  Charlotte has too many flyers with status with USAir.  You would think airport management would realize this.
4	My boys love going to the airport lookout. There are a few benches and picnic tables for a snack. Trees for shade also. It of course is loud, but great view.
4	It's a big and busy airport with a lot of flights, so it's just logical that it has a lot of food everywhere, lots to choose from (having in mind it is an airport), some good, some not so much, for a quick snack or to dine in; a lot of people on the run and so it has a fair amount of annoying people and also so many friendly service faces if you have the right attitude.This was my forth time in this airport and I have no complaints for it.
4	Great airport. Air travel is rarely a pleasant experience, but if you have to fly through anywhere, CLT is a good place to kill time during a layover.The amenities here, first off, are great. The wi-fi is free, fast, and maintains a good connection throughout the airport. The main concourse is also the most picturesque scene from any airport I've visited - it's essentially been modeled as a classic Southern city downtown scene, with a walkway lined by trees, rocking chairs, and retailers, with lots of ambient light, to boot. The food options at CLT are also very good, and it helps to have a Starbucks in each concourse. The only down-side about CLT is that, since it's all one large terminal, you have to do a lot of walking if you're coming off a flight in one concourse and headed to a connection in another. If you're really in a hurry though, just flag down airport staff and they'll be happy to give you a lift.In short, if you have to be here for a while, it's not at all a bad place to be.
4	I like the rocking chairs! Bathrooms clean and easy to navigate around the terminals.
4	I personally thought this place is the front runner of the new concept of the airport.  I have used this place twice for connecting flight, meaning this review doesn't reflect any experience regarding driving to and from the airport, and parking situation.I thought the connecting transition was smooth.  Terminals were well connected, so there was little confusion with how to find the right gate.  It also offered free wifi, which is a really rare occasion in the US airport business (If the wifi worked as it was supposed I would have given 5 stars in a heartbeat.  Unfortuately, free wifi didn't work when I stopped by).  It also offered a variety of dining options from fastfood joints, food court type food and even some boutique-quality dining experience.  Overall, I can assure you this is one of the airports that you wanna have a break if you have a connecting flight.
2	One of the few US airports that I have encountered with toilet attendants.  This concept is ok, but the reality of it is that every time you go in one at Charlotte, you have the impression of being accosted by street vendors in a 3rd world country.   I'm not sure what their function is except to collect tips.  They don't put toilet paper in the stalls.  They don't clean urine off the toilet seats.  They only thing I saw them do was tear off a paper towel and hand it to me and then expect a tip.  If you don't leave a tip, then they are rude.  Get real Charlotte, pay your cleaning crew to clean the toilets and get rid of the bogus attendants.  I don't like to be accosted when I need to pee.
4	Charlotte should be the new standard for modern American airports. LaGuardia, take notice. This is how it's done. (Seriously, LaGuardia...for all of our sake)I've only used Charlotte for connections, so can't comment on the parking, ticketing, or security lines. I can say, however, that the terminals are clean, nice, and easy to navigate. For food choices, the airport offers a nice mix of local food (at least I assume the barbecue joints are local) and the standard airport staples. There is plenty of variety as well. I also feel the need to mention the bathroom attendants which I'm not used to seeing in airport bathrooms. They give the impression that the airport is glad to have you there rather than it being inconvenienced by your presence.  I hope to find myself in Charlotte again on future flights. If you're going to be stuck in an airport for a few hours waiting for a connection, this isn't a bad place to do it.
1	Worst airport ever.. Flight to Jacksonville was schedule for 9:19am.. I'm currently still sitting at the airport nearly 2 hours later. The lady on the overhead has been telling the passengers we will leave in 15-20 minutes. At this point I'm tired of hearing that. Now I know if there was something wrong with the plane then it's understandable but no we have yet to board the aircraft due to the 1st officer not being here on time.. Now if you know there's a flight schedule why wouldn't you make sure the person is her or even better have a back up plan.. Ridiculous planning if you ask me!! All I'm saying is SFO left on time and arrived in Charlotte early.. Now that's a good job well done.. As for my first time in Charlotte.. No never again.. I'll just pay extra for a direct flight
5	When it comes to airports, for me, Charlotte is definitely at the top of the heap.  It was a nice stop over point on our recent trip to San Juan, Puerto Rico.  US Airways, soon to be American Airlines owns this place.  The airport seems clean, fresh, modern and friendly.  Wide walkways with an atrium, nothing warmer than a curved wall of windows lined with trees and white wooden rockers.  Easy to navigate including lots of moving walkways.  Quirky and cute art displays.  There is even a replica of the original flyer flown by Orville and Wilbur Wright.  Lots of currency exchange booths.  You name it, they've got it.Lots of foods choices, my travel friend of Starbucks, and bars galore.  They also have a nice variety of shopping.  This airport also has a crew of 70 airport volunteers to ensure your stop at CLT is a positive experience.I hear that they even have a large area for watching taking off and landings complete with a picnic area and park benches.  Or you can just watch from your car.  How friendly is that?  Next time I book a flight, I will try to look for a stopover in Charlotte.
4	Nice airport. Vast in size, not the largest, but not the smallest. I like that the atrium area holds not only foods, bars, coffee shops, but also shopping wares.  Not to be noted, I don't like to shop, but WINDOW SHOPPING as I walk to my gate is not all that bad.  I've noticed a few things that I wouldn't mind pulling a #stickandmove coup.  Loving the availability of different food selections... fresh food, fresh sushi, sandwiches, juice bars and the list goes on and on.  As, I'm not quite the "frequent flyer" so to speak, I do travel a little bit & food choices are critical between layovers.  I was really impressed with a Mini-Farmer's Market, located around the E Concourse.  Recycling is ALLLLLLWWWWWAYYYYYYYYYSSSSSSS a plus in my book.  There's even a catchy phrase along the lines of 'you toss, it we sort it'; how cool.  I mean part of the confusion with recycling and why I personally feel people don't do it is because they're unsure of what to recycle and where it goes.  But with this 'toss it... sort it' effort, it's a no brainer.Pluses:I do love the Jetson styled moving walkwayVarious faith based religious services available on SundayCool rocking chairs strategically placed throughout and along concourseMinuses:I would love to see more charging stationsMore adaptable jet bridges, walking on the tarmac is sooooo lameAll in all, this airport is pretty cool.
4	Large, but not unruly and un-navigable. A fairly modern airport that leads to a central courtyard filled with all sorts of yummy delights and nifty shops. I have plunked myself down in a rocking chair a couple of times and the staff is extremely pleasant here. The bathroom attendants   do an excellent job of triage and keeping the facilities clean.  Lots of moving walkways yet still plenty of room for people to walk to and fro on the normal floor. Probably the furthest place north there is a bojangles too.!
1	I arrived at Charlotte 15 minutes before my plane was supposed to leave. I had to transfer from terminal B to terminal E. When I asked for them to hold my flight, the gate agent said that they know we're coming and not to worry. We ran to the gate and there was no one there and no plane. When they came back they said that 15 minutes ago they gave our seats to standby passengers and that the PLANE LEFT 15 MINUTES EARLY! They told us that it is a transfer airport so they usually leave early. BS!  They told us that they only hold the plane if there at least 10 people missing. Luckily there was 1 more flight that night. Suck it U.S Airways
3	Nice airport, pretty big, and generally clean. They have plenty of moving sidewalks to get to your gate more quickly, which I like.
5	Easy to navigate. Clean. And lots of food choices. Also has a nice bright waiting area central hub.
4	great restaurants and fabulous people.  Have to love the Southern Hospitality even from the TSA agents
5	CLT is my favorite major airport in the US. Am I biased because I work for the City of Charlotte and the City owns/runs CLT??? -Perhaps... but, even when I lived in Savannah (many moons before coming to Charlotte) I would purposefully schedule US Airways flights so that I could be routed throgh CLT rather than ATL. Maybe it's the rocking chairs in the main food court, maybe it's the amazing art glass in the international terminal, or maybe it's the fact that it's a super clean major airport that was well planned and easy to navigate -CLT provides travelers with an excellent first impression of the Queen City.
4	I've been here before on a layover and this is the first one that I've actually stayed loft a long time. Long layovers suck but thanks to the free wi-fi and the pretty good selection of food available, it makes it time go by faster. Also like that there is guide to speak with at every directory I've looked at to see the location of the food.
1	This airport has the absolute WORST and SLOWEST security lines in the country, bar none!In addition, there is ONE WHOLE SECURITY LINE at the D-GATE for PreCheck only - that has TSA Employees standing around doing NOTHING because the percentage of travelers that have PreCheck is about 1% or less.  Really? ...........Really?WTF!  Our Government and the TSA are so out of touch in this location it is just outrageous, period. How come the Charlotte Airport Authority doesn't intervene and explain to the TSA management that this has to improve? This is why I absolutely HATE this airport, but I still love the City of Charlotte!BTW, The Tampa International Airport TSA do a great job, and are friendly and efficient!
4	This airport used to be a hidden gem! Easy to fly into, maneuver around, short lines/wait. Now, it's a frickin' zoo. International flights layover here, more people, more construction, longer lines, blahhh!It's still better than most airports I've been to, but it is getting up there with traffic similar to major airports.
3	I can't really say that I thought much of this airport. It has a smoky smell. The main problem is that it is a hub of US Air and in my opinion it is a tossup as to which is the worst airlines, American or US Air. They deserve each other.
4	Charlotte airport seems to get better and better every time I pass thru.  Security is mmmm... Ok. Allow extra time.  They have a great selection of food in the food court between the B & C concourses.  The sushi bar is wonderful.  I wish the city would take the time to modernize the concourses themselves.  Gate areas and lounges seem to be a little outdated. Starbucks... Galore! The one next to B9 is fast moving and fast paced.  Don't be discouraged of the line is long.  Always buy food before you get on the airplane!
3	Charlotte is a fairly large airport, and it's one of US Airways largest Hubs.  That being said, it operates fairly efficiently, and I really don't mind connecting here.  I've never been to Charlotte itself so this review is on the connection aspect only.Seating:  There is not a whole lot of seating near many of the gates.Wifi:  Free!Shopping:  There is some.  I've never checked it out, though.Decor:  They have a bunch of cute white rocking chairs in the center of the airport near the food court.  There is also a piano.  One time I ran through and there was a whole band.  And once there was karaoke.  I'm not sure if that was organized, though...Outlets:  I've never noticed any, but I'm sure there are some somewhere.  Not optimal.Food/Drink:  Pretty much anything you could ever want.  Junk food, fast food, sit down, coffee, dessert, booze.  Off hand I can think of TCBY, Jamba Juice, Bojangles, Starbucks, Seattle's best,  and hundreds of other places.  Good haul.  Definitely one of my favorite airports to eat in.Cliental:  Most of the people connecting here seem to be on their way to the beach.  That being said, there are so many of the world' SLOWEST walkers.  So annoying when you're trying to make a connection in less than 10 minutes.  I could walk faster than the people standing on the moving walkways.  Giant pet peeve.  The airport needs to post signs or something.Gates:  As this is a US Airways hub, don't assume your gates will be close.  The express terminals are located in the E terminal.  B and I believe C now are the large US Airways flights.  I have almost died of a heart attack running from the far end of B to E.  It's not a small feat.Moving Walkways:  Many!  But too many slow and lazy people standing and blocking them.Try not to laugh every time you realize this airport's code is CLT.  I think it's hysterical.  :)
3	I was only there for a second in between flight but they could have more charger ports. Its huge!! I had  to go from one terminal to another of course but it felt like it took forever!!! I was glade I had a hour between flights, and if I had only 20minutes.. I would be late. They had a lot of food spots and BBQ of course. It wasnt the greatest bec the WIFI. WIFI makes any airport. It may have been free but you have to sign up for "Offers" to get to it. AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FA DAT. I went to sleep and waited on my flight.
5	As airports go this one is among my favorites.  Lots of shops, eateries, and an attempt or two to sell local craft beers in "Carolina Beer Co," (terminal D) and "A Taste of Carolina" in Terminal B.  but see my Carolina Beer review.  AVOID ...seriously ...that crappy tequila taqueria place that is about the most boring Mex food I've ever had.  Taco Bell destroys it...nuff said.And yes...the rocking chairs and free wifi are charming
4	Love the layout and size of this airport. So easy to navigate. The central food/shopping area has some nice options and the big white rocking chairs are so southern and inviting. My kids love the moving sidewalks between the terminals. Always happy to fly to Charlotte!
3	Not bad for a scare port. Plenty of concourse room... rocking chairs, food choices, and clean facilities ... this place will probably earn an extra star after the reconstruction and parking is complete at the main terminal area. The only drawback here is that it's pretty chopped up ... so all of those different concourse areas can be a bit of a walk if you have to change Airlines or are going international and have to change concourses areas due to that.
2	Terrible parking/access due to an un-phased parking upgrade.  Slow to nonexistent parking shuttles.  The absolute worst baggage handling times.  They do a decent job but come on, you can do better.
5	I would like to thank who ever is responsible for  planting the beautiful plants at the Look Out Area at Charlotte Douglas Airport.  My husband  and I are avid plane watches ,being surrounded with pretty things makes the day special.The South Western Plane and the new merged US-AIR/American Air are best in show.
4	I fly alot and when I fly US air( or the New American ) 70 perent of the time I conenect through Charlotte.So I cannot really comment on the parking and sercurity due to that.Its is the busiest airport in the Carolinas and the 9th or 10th in the nation.Being on a 1 or 2 hour layover is not really a nightmare here.Everything is in walking distance no need to take a train or bus to go to terminal to terminal. First the Food options are not bad. Vendors all over the terminals. They have food court in the Central atrium  offering a verity of Asian, BBQ and American fast food. Chills restaurant.And  plenty  seating and rocking chairs( a Carolina thing!!)Free wifi!! Yea not all airports are doing this so enjoy. There are plenty of power outlets you just have to look behind the chairs . They are hidden yea I am not joking.There are two airport lounges operated by US air( or the New Amercian) located in terminal b and d. Over all great Airport.
5	Overall a great experience here.  Food options weren't the greatest but I didn't see anything except for the terminal i left and came out of.
4	I really like the Charlotte airport.  The flight selection is decent and the size of the airport is just about right, not too big and not too small.  The food options are great with lots of barbecue of course, a Jamba Juice, and a pretty good sushi place too.
4	I've been flying into Charlotte for most of my adult life ..... Mostly because flying into Columbia is so god awful expensive. It's always been a pleasant experience with no real hiccups ever.  Current construction on the parking structure means parking further away and taking a shuttle.The airport itself is cozy ( quite small ) but has everything one might need at the beginning of a travel day or at the end. TONS of hotel options in the area. A fair amount of food options throughout the terminal. There IS a Starbucks. The TSA process seems to be relatively organized ( that's saying something ).The staff of the airport are actually very friendly, and this extends to the restaurant employees as well ( please refer to my Wendy's review ).Too bad there isn't a non-stop from Honolulu ( there used to be with US Airways ), I would gladly pay a little more for that option. Easy to get around. Signs are easy to read and navigate. I'm sure I'll continue to frequent CLT unless something makes Columbia  cheaper.
5	I am US Airways miles holder so most of my trips route through Charlotte. It by far one of my favorite airports. It is easy to navigate  and has plenty of choices for food and shopping if you have a long layover.
3	Tiny little airport that does what it needs to do - one could also fly directly into Atlanta and catch the shuttle out to Chattanooga, which I might do next time and avoid the joy of flying on a small plane. Taxi to downtown Charlotte is about $30
3	The one-star review nearly wrote itself as I stepped into an older portion of the concourse from the tarmac. Outdated fluorescent lighting, worn carpet and a limited number of obvious power outlets made a pending two-hour layover seem like it was going to be a short eternity....then the airport all-call announced that Sunday church services were being offered in the Main Terminal, above the Cinnabon ("Yes": the phrase 'above the Cinnabon' was part of the announcement...). Without an excuse to leave the gate, my opinion of CLT would have remained justifiably low.Heading towards the terminal building, a few things became apparent:1) Some parts of the airport haven't been touched in years. Others are just fine.2) US Airways is the dominant carrier.3) Rocking chairs make for happier passengers.4) Security checkpoints are at the front so passengers don't have to go through multiple checkpoints to connect between concourses.The terminal itself is reasonably modern with adequate signage, moving sidewalks, a variety of shops and restaurants, dozens upon dozens of the aforementioned rocking chairs and scattered power outlets. If you're inbound, I'd suggest checking out the old-school map on CLT's website if you want to grab some food or a book between flights.
4	Five years later, it's time to update my CLT review. Between 4/4/2009 and today, I've departed from or arrived at this airport over 100 times. I've also gotten a couple of gate passes to escort my daughter through security.CLT is still a good airport for layovers. Lots of restaurant options from a fancy wine bar to a sit down burger joint, plus a full spectrum of fast food. The main atrium even has a pretty good barbecue spot if you're looking for Carolina 'cue and can't leave the secure zone.For those departing from CLT, you can use *any* of the security checkpoints. Unlike some airports (Newark), once you're inside Charlotte you can go to any gate. The line at A is usually pretty long, so feel free to wander up to B or C if they look shorter.Southwest, United and Delta are in the A concourse. American is also there but might be moving as a result of the merger. JetBlue and Lufthansa are in D, I believe.Tips:- Rental car franchises are not located in the terminal - you do have to catch your company's shuttle bus.- There's not a smoking lounge inside the secure area. You have to go outside and follow the signs.- B and E checkpoints have TSA Precheck lines. Other checkpoints have "elite" security queues which are not specific to just US Airways. Any elite passenger is allowed to use it!- There are TWO US Airways Clubs. With US moving to the OneWorld alliance, American Airlines folks who have Admiral's Club access can use these clubs.Consider trying Park 'N Go instead of Business Valet. I find their service is better and cheaper than the airport's service.
3	Been here several times. Fairly convenient parking, good places to eat. Just a nice airport as airports go.
3	Good enough airport that's easy enough to navigate.  Okay food options, as well.  Nothing special and nothing bad.
3	Easy to park at the long term lots and at a good rate.  Security lines are annoyingly long for not that busy of an airport.  Usually because they only have 1 scanner open at a time.
4	Nice small little airport,  some nice places to eat and decently easy to navigate when your all messed up. Thankfully for me I travel well and know my way around so it was too bad for me after I got some food in me which there are plenty of places to eat here
5	My favorite places to fly in and out of.
3	The A concourse where I fly out of is old and does not have enough seating. Otherwise it's a fine mid sized airport. The roads around the airport are a total mess and some are closed off
4	I don't get why a lot of people seem to have so many issues with this airport. I may understand people to complain how this once humble and low-key airport has grown into this major hub, but it's honestly a great airport.From a functionality standpoint, this is actually one o the best airports I've ever been to. Betwen the moment I lzft the plane and got my suitcase, barely 20 minutes had passed. Talk about efficiency! This resulkts in this airport being actually great for layovers. I have not been through border controls here, but from what i've heard it's astonishingly swift. Also, the staff members here are honestly some of the nicest, most courteous people I've seen at an airport (and given that many were US Ariways employees, that's saying a lot). Finally, there are so many eateries here. I got to the airport early for a morning flight, and got a stunning breakfast there.But I do indeed have two concerns with CLT. First off, there are far too many constructions going on, which ruins the scenery. I understand that it is a rapidly growing airport (it's US Airways' largest hub) and that it is expected to grow even more in the near future with a large increase in European destinations, but the management of the airport should be more organized with its growth. Then, the different piers/terminals are ridiculously laid out. This is the kind of airport where you may have to run from one end to the other to catch a connecting flight. In general, CLT is an amazing airport, and certainly the BEST I've seen in the US. This is an airport with a promising future, and with the rise of Charlotte as a great American city, I'm looking forward to seeing it again in the coming years.
4	I have connected at this air port hundreds of times, but this trip was my first time as Charlotte being the final destination.  It was easy to get to the baggage area, and easy to get to transportation.  CLT is one of the cleanest, best airports I travel through.
4	the airport has certainly grown over the last 10 years.  great ambiance with the rocking chairs in the atrium for passengers that have a long wait between flights and do not wish to wait at their gate.  continue to grow and hurry up and finish with the construction with the parking!!!
5	I ALWAYS seem to have a lay over here when I'm going anywhere back home to Ohio, or to visit N.C. And all the times all my flights have been on time, nice airport. I love the rocking chairs they have for you to sit out throughout the airport. OHH and by the way they have nice and clean restrooms, because they have the bathroom attendants that help!
2	1. Crowded with narrow walkways.2. Wi-Fi - Low capacity bandwidth, free as they know it's value.3. Friendly gate personnel.4. Good selection of places to eat.5. Starbucks everywhere - good.
1	Came to this airport to connect to another flight. Had a 12 hour layover which is fine because I was made aware of this upon booking the flight. Went downstairs to baggage claim because the airline overhead compartments were full (again no big deal). Picked up luggage only to be told cannot go back upstairs where restaurants since we left out the main area of the airport!? I informed the agent that we have not eaten and ONLY came downstairs because that's we were advised to do. She informed us that there was a Starbucks and that we could eat there (totally not what I was looking forward to). BUT I can deal with that..although I was very upset at the moment. What I cannot deal with are MICE running past my feet upon working on my computer and eating my sandwich!! This is totally UNACCEPTABLE for an airport and I advise EVERYONE that comes to this airport to watch your bags..and don't put them on the floor!! This is the last time I will be flying into Charlotte airport if I can help it..and If I have to come here I will just rent a car and drive...smhDissatisfied customer ...
4	if you fly US Air, you're eventually going to end up here for an hour or so. Not a bad place to send a short time. Even if you are connecting from one US Air flight to another, expect a walk, but you will pass by plenty of tempting restaurants ad food vendors, so it's an entertaining walk. Unlike some other airports I could mention, Charlotte is clean and well-maintained. Lots of moving sidewalks to speed us on to the next gate.
5	This review is solely based on my experience in the prayer room. It is upstairs tucked into a quiet corner with very little foot traffic which means no interruptions. The chapel as it is called is interfaith and contains a Quran,bible, and Torah available. There are also prayer mats for Muslims, and an altar to kneel at. I believe they also have have sacrament available for communion but you need to contact staff. Being Muslim I really appreciated the quiet serenity to be able to pray without feeling rushed to do so. I used the room twice upon arrival an departure when praying the second time around I was joined by a catholic gentleman so the room does get use. Thank you CD airport for a blessing to passengers needing a place to pray and worship.
1	First time in Charlotte and the VPOTUS delayed my flights by more than fifty minutes.  This time we encounter a bit of a jerk gate attendant from US Airways.  Really unprofessional in her handling of a traveler that happened to have missed her earlier calls to him.  Heck, he still had over thirty minutes before boarding and his seat was given away.  For that, not feeling the love here.  Reeks of jet fuel/exhaust in the E Concourse too.  Close the doors much?
2	Other than the food court that is built at the intersection of the terminals, there is nothing much at this airport to write about. Unfortunately, I need to fly in here every week from Tampa to catch my connection which happens to be to Jackson,MS at the time of writing of this review. With the gates built so far apart and narrow walkways. It takes me a full 15 mins to move from gate to gate. Been close to missing my flights a lot of times. High time they build a shuttle or  train service especially with this being a US airways hub.
5	I use to be based at the 145th Airlift Wing in Charlotte NC a long time ago and don't get  chance to go back often.  So when I do I am always impressed by what I see. Sometimes it is good and sometimes it isn't. This last time I was really impressed. I had to go to the airport to pick up a friend I have to say it was quite an impressive trip. There is a lot of construction going on and whenever that happens it can usually be hard to get in and out of where you need to go.  I found it to be much to my surprise very easy. I asked an employee where I should go to wait for someone to land and they helped me look up there flight and we found out it was delayed. So the gentleman guided me to a parking lot and then talked to the lady driving and told her where I was going. Top notch service. The parking was only a $1 per hour. I'm not use to paying for parking where I am from but I remember paying around $15 in Chicago so this was a bargain! I might be getting older and not liking a lot of movement so I tend to not much like going to airports but I found this to be a pleasant experience. Douglas if you read this,  you have one happy customer. Steve
4	Well for an airport I really have no complaints. It may not be the biggest airport there is but it does have the best USO I have been too. Serving hot and cold food 24 hours a day, meals are free here. They do ask for donations if possible and to not take the food on the plane with you. They also provide WiFi,  computers, comfortable reclining chairs to watch TV or a movie, or even nap in. Even with out the USO I really like our airport. Its simple to maneuver in and always very clean.
1	Avoid at all costs, especially if flying USAir. Customs was worse than JFK. THIS IS NOT the airport for international connecting flights. Completely understaffed for an excessively busy Sunday. Worst combination of southern efficiency and northern charm. Better to go through Miami.
4	Nice airport. When you are picking someone up you can go to the cell phone lot and wait for them to text. I hear they have rocking chairs but have not tried them yet. Parking across for the terminals would be great. Cant wait until they are finished
4	I don't usually fly out of charlotte. I'm a slave to southwest at Raleigh, but southwest now has a very small amount of flights out of Charlotte so that may change.Right now there is construction surrounding and inside the airport.  If you are doing long term parking give yourself an extra 30 minutes of what you think you need.  It took me more than 10 minutes to even find a parking space!  Thankfully I got there earlier than expected and it saved me from missing my flight.The construction on the inside is at baggage claim and many of the conveyor belts are out of service.  This means airlines have to share one belt and it was a clusterfrack.  The plus is they had way more than normal baggage attendants and everyone seemed to be getting attended to.  I'll use Charlotte again, I go where the best price and route times are so I'll be back.  Soon I hope traveling to the clear blue sea.
4	The best airport. Undergoing Parking Garage expansion and new road directions when completed it will be easy to navigate.
4	I Love visiting Charlotte North Carolina ! Gr8 BBQ and nice people. The Airport is rather large so be prepared to walk. The airport is clean and convenient. Very productive and secure. Love the TSA agents and their ability to keep us safe.
4	Tsa staff are very polite and they move quickly. I went through security in 2 minutes and made it on my plane after grabbing a bagel by 7:30 when I arrived at the airport at 7:15. My plane takes off at 7:50...Perfect!Cool/weird white rocking chairs in random spots. Also, dirty carpet they should change the carpet to tiles.
3	I'm hoping this place comes around once the construction is complete. It's a little tight and cramped and crowded. For years, you can wait a very long time at baggage claim. Recently, it was pretty quick; rivaling other airports.
3	On the plus side: for on time departures this is one of the best airports in the country. On the negative: it feels like a cattle feed lot, everything is done on the cheap. Cheap seating, no power outlets, cheap everything. It looks and feels second rate and second hand.Another negative is the near 100% probability that you will land at concourse A or B and be forced into a 45-minute death march through hordes of grumpy, uncivil travelers in your hurried walk to concourse E. There is only junk food and 2000 calorie meals to be had anywhere, which is a standard Charlotte meal judging by the waistlines here. Bring an apple and try to keep your layover to a minimum.But I want to stress that I would rather fly through Charlotte than almost any other airport because of the outstanding chances that my flight will be on time. Charlotte saves me time over airports like Philly or O'Hare because I rarely miss a connector. That is, after all, the whole point. But really, I wish they would consider a charging station here and there. And maybe get rid of the butt-killing chairs.The WiFi is Free and almost worth the price.
3	Usually end up here for lengthy layovers. Some of the concourses are very nice and others feel old and dirty. Always check the airport screens when you are changing flights as they seem to change almost every time I've gone. It is a very large airport and your connecting flight will undoubtably be far from where you land so expect to be walking and with a short layover this may mean running.
1	Never again!! This place is overcrowded and talk about walking to catch a connecting flight? RIDiCULOUS! It felt like I was running a marathon to get to my LAX flight from Greensboro - both on American!!
3	Our company favors US Air, so we fly through Charlotte every once in a while. We've never flown in to stay, nor out. We've only made connections here. Much appreciated is free WiFi. All airports should be doing that. Rocking Chairs is a great place to chill if you have the time. When making a connection, however, food choices are limited. We were in a wing last time with only a fast food chicken or the Speedway Grill as choices. We ended up at the latter, and were not impressed.
4	Man! Clean airport with really nice ppl. Altho my flight got cancelled I think it was because the pilot didnt want to land because of 'fog'. I always like traveling through here though.
4	Nice clean airport.  Lots and lots of flights so it gets crowded.  Once everyone is gone, it's nice.  Bathrooms are spectacular. For those of you trying to connect to the wifi at the end of terminal A, go to gate A6 and view at the airport map nearby.  Then connect.  There is spotty connections at the end of that terminal hampering the user agreement website from openong.
2	I fly US Airways all the time but I'm based in Phoenix, Charlotte needs to spend a day in PHX and understand what restaurants need to be in an airport, the food in Charlotte really sucks, it's all the crap that PHX ran off. The gates are all too small, not enough seating and for god sake turn the AC down. And to top it off the US airways club closes at 10pm so grab you stuff and get out! Sea of people not enough seating and the food is junk, nice airport, no not really.
3	The best thing about Charlotte Douglas International Airport? They have a great track record for on time departures. Woo!The worst thing about Charlotte Douglas International Airport? If you have a connecting flight, it will be flying out of the complete opposite end of the airport from where your other flight lands. At least that is what has happened to me every single time, and no, I'm not switching carriers. There really isn't anything too horrible or too great about this airport. I've always found the bathrooms surprisingly clean, I like the random rocking chairs stationed throughout the airport, and it is very easy to navigate, even if you have to run from one end to the other to make your connecting flight. Food options, however, are very limited, especially first thing in the morning, when everything that isn't Starbucks is closed. Also, the gates are small and cramped and lacking in seating, and electrical outlets are few and hard to find.
4	This airport is huge!  If you're here for a short layover be prepared to book it if your connecting flight is on the other side of the airport..it'll take a while!  Luckily I had plenty of time, but I saw tons of people running down the long terminal corridors to get to their gate. It's a nice airport, well kept and has plenty of space and seating.
4	One of the nicer airports to fly into, out of and thru. This is my home airport but since it is also the largest Hub for US Airways I also have to fly thru during business travel. You walk from furthest points in about 15-minutes if you use the moving walkways and walk at a good steady pace. You have food and if you desire shopping options in all concourses. TSA Precheck at all concourses as well. You will find rocking Chairs in the main food court area as well as the E Concourse. A big item is that you have free WiFi! The biggest downside to the airport is finding enough charging outlets in the airport. It is for this reason that I give it a 4-Star rating instead of a 5-Star.
3	Blech. This airport is kinda dirty and smells sour. It's also overly crowded since it is a layover hub, if you are in a rush to get to a  connecting flight you will no doubt be stressed out. One good thing, it's not as bad as a certain Chicago airport I won't mention by name.
3	Not bad for a hub, enough to see and eat to keep you busy for a bit but watch out for the creepy bathroom attendants.  You feel like you stepped out of the airport and into a sleazy nightclub when you hit the WC.Between ATL and CLT I would fly through Charlotte any day of the week.
4	Really an easy airport to navigate  Check in not a hassle
3	Airport is okay, but they deprive Concourse D and E of restaurant and or food choices. Terminal B has plenty and there's also some in the middle, just before turning towards concourses C and D. If you're taking off from D, don't be alarmed, there is a brewery/restaurant at the very end called Carolina beer Co, as well as a bagel place. Looks the airport is going through some remodeling. Not bad, gets busy though
4	Great spot for a layover. I got a awesome breakfast sandwich at the bagel place had my favorite coffee from Starbucks and didn't have a hard time finding a seat while I waited.Although the charging stations weren't functional they had more being added to recharge the electronics.
2	Shockingly this is an aiport that has more business that you would think. It is always busy here and the most popular airline is US Airways so I am not sure how I feel about that. The aiport as whole is great and has lots of places you can grab food or kill some time while you are waiting for your plane. The cutest thing is also the fact that they have white rocking chairs for you to sit in while you are waiting and gives you a more homey and small town feel. When I landed here initially I got off the plane and was thrown off at the fact that I had to walk doen  the steps of the plane and walk outside before getting to my gate. Definitely a first. Other than that I enjoyed my time at the aiport. The one thing that I did notice though was that all the peope in the aiport who worked there or were from there were extremely RUDE. I am not sure why that is since it is such a nice town, but every person I had to talk to seemed like they hated everyone. Really irriated me and I hated being there. I am not sure how you can manage to be that unhappy when you live in a nice town. Blew my mind away, but than again I will never get  people. I am from Chicago and the people there are nicer than they were here.
2	Dear Charlotte Airport:Why don't you pay your restroom attendants enough money so that they don't have to beg for tips? After spending money for the flight, an extra $25 for checking a bag, $4.49 for a teeny bag of nuts, and $8.50 for a $5 salad, I just don't FEEL like tipping to use a[n admittedly clean] public restroom. Pay these people decent wages.Also, why do people have to sit on the FLOOR to use the electrical outlets? You lose three stars for these things. You get one back for your superior recycling system.Your pal,Amandap.s. I think you may have fleas.
4	Be patient.  It's a nice airport but it does get chaotic.  Scheduling seems to be random and gates get really busy with flights leaving right next to or across from one another.
5	Easy to navigate.
4	I love to travel so I am always excited to see the airport, unless I am waiting in the cell phone lot. The airport is clean and efficient. Never had any issues here. Depending on the day it can be a bit busy but that is the case with all airports I suppose.
5	Fairly easy to navigate. They like to route people into different Long Term parking lots throughout the week. It is important to keep your parking ticket with you. Why, you ask? In the event you suffer from amnesia like I did and forgot where you parked. I thought I knew where I parked and got dropped off with my luggage in one of the long term lots. Wandering around, I obviously looked lost and thank goodness another shuttle bus came by and a Good Samaritan asked if I needed help. I got onto that bus who drove me around until I actually found my car. I That's Southern Hospitality!Separately I love the fact they have a Jamba  Juice since it was always hard for me to find a good smoothie in SC. And the rocking chairs in the central food court are great for passing the time.
4	Just flew in here from Lisbon, Portugal. Any lay over at this point is a drag. Having said thAt the customs here is totally automated, which is a big plus. The dining & drinking options seem to be plentiful. Good airport & easy to get in or out.
4	Beautiful layout to this airport, I  didn't know it it looks so well, i'm really impressed with all the food choices and lounges to have a drink and how courteous the people are. I would like to see a little more transportation inside to move the people along more rapidly because of the volume of traffic that's at the airport on a daily basis.
4	Just like many of the large airports, this one is similar with tons of restaurants, shops and charging stations. Since it is a bigger airport, be prepared for the crowds. However, they do have many places to eat for vegetarians.There is a farmer's table or something like that here. However, it was all meals with meat in it. I think it was like $2 for a single banana too. I just opted for some overpriced and overcooked pizza. It did the job until I was ready to hop on the next flight back home. If I had a long layover, I would not mind being stuck here with all that this airport has to offer.
4	Very charming and comfortable airport. Several good restaurants. Unfortunately it's home to a most unreliable airline.
3	I hate airports.  They are like jails.  Except you have to be arrested to get thrown out. Charlotte Douglas is better than most.  There are rocking chairs, with accessible outlets near.  Lots of food choice, including vegetarian.  That is a nice change from the other airports.
2	Poor food quality. Ordered the burrito which was not rolled correctly so it fell apart almost as soon as I started to eat it. The guacamole tasted stale and had the wrong consistency. The food was fast though, which is really about all you can expect from an airport restaurant.
2	The rest room attendants greet you and ensure that you pick up on their large "tip" jars placed by the hand basins - a nice little earner, but one I'm not used to seeing so much in other airports.A large unpleasant security girl confiscated my security sealed bottle of gin, without an explanation apart from saying "it ain't right" - remarkable since it was purchased in Manchester airport, sealed in a security bag there, and totally intact. Maybe that's another staff perk?Rocking chairs a free Wi-Fi are good touches and lots of choices to eat at.
4	This airport was one of my layovers from Puerto and I loved it. The gate signs were well lit and it was hard to get lost. The different concourse were always easy to navigate to. Theu had rocking chairs in some of the common waiting areas and I thought that was so cool. There was a lot of food places on the US airways terminal which was awesome because I was starving. They have some cool decore, like a large airplane hanging from the ceiling. I took away one star because the restrooms don't have seat covers, yuck!
4	Not bad as far as airports go. No smoking lounges (probably for the better considering the poor ventilation that's popular among airports). No fun rides between terminals (by "rides" of course I mean intraairport modes of transportation). One thing's for certain:  If you have a layover here, your arriving and departing flights can't be more than 200 yards apart![I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]
4	Love this airport!  Always a helping hand and the restaurants are 4 star!  Cannot believe that they invested in great dining here but I am all for it.  Not sure about the reviewer that says it is chaos--are real International Airports are.  The great thing about this place is that Southern Hospitality abounds.  I am all for that and it is a good thing.  I have made this airport my home airport because I am a 100% road warrior traveler.  Yes, try CLT.
4	On my way back from a memorable trip down Souff...I get to enjoy Charlotte Int'l for a bit. Many restaurants (both local and national), shops, kiosks, etc and other spots to drain a few extra bucks out of you while you're 'trapped' here.I do like the old school rocking chairs throughout the concourses. I like the charging stations everywhere as all the major airports have. I like the filtered  water refilling stations throughout. the airport as well.   I would LOVE a lil POS kiosk with some booze in it as well, so we can deal with the chatty passengers/seat kicking kids/loud talking mofo's that every flight seems to have.Overall a great layout, long walks to connecting flights, comfy chairs, nice and helpful employees.  Can't ask for much more.   Thumbs up
3	yeah, its an airport
4	I've been in and out of this airport alot lately.   I decided to write a review after passing through today on another international USAirways flight.   I love their customs and immigration,  the baggage drop for those passengers connecting to a domestic flight and the fact that the international flight's exit is in very close proximity to the security check points!  Talk about convenient.  They have electronic kiosks in which you fill in your customs card and the kiosk prints it out for you.   The kiosk scans your passport and you have to hold still for a quick picture.   I was through customs in less than 20 mins and that includes waiting for my checked bag.   I also get my Bojangles fix when passing through here.   But let's keep that between us.   I don't want my trainer to find out.
5	I showed up at this airport late on a Friday night after lots of travel delays and cancellations-- so I was not in the greatest mood. But every single person that worked at the airport that I interacted with was incredibly kind and thoughtful. They were so wonderful that it made me want to move to NC. Charlotte airport is incredibly lucky to have such amazing employees.
5	This was was a very clean airport.  I was surprised.   They have a friendly gentleman in the restroom to guide weary male travelers to open urinals.   Quite a courteous fellow,  which is hard to find in any location,  let alone an airport bathroom.   The airport itself was well equipped for my layover.   It had overpriced pizza, bathrooms,  and seats.   Our flight was delayed because the crew was running late from their previous flights, but the gate staff was very good about updating and keeping people from losing their shit.  Good place for a layover!
1	This airport is having a terrible time with the parking solution right now. they need to get this fix quickly. apparently they are rebuilding new parking decks so in order to park you have to park at the lots across some street and get on a suttle in order to get  back to the airport. so terrible if you are not just picking up and dropping off your friends and family.
4	layover to change planes - pleasant new terminal - lots of upscale looking shops and restaurants - clean bathrooms - clean common areas - no outside noise. good for a break.
5	Growth in process!  A plus for the Queen City opening the doors to International Travel!
4	I really like this airport and when I need to connect I try to go through CLT.  You have a huge central area where the 5 other terminals connect through.  They have plenty of fast walks throughout so if you are in a hurry these come in handy.  Very clean with plenty of food and drink options, especially in the central area.  This airport does very well in making on time flights...I really can't remember the last time I was delayed here and I travel quite often.
1	Really need shorter waiting lines- it got worse. The valet is annoying and gets in the way.
1	Terrible congestion.  Poor planning.  Poor traffic flow.  Poor crowd control.  This airport is 20 years behind other airports of similar size and volume.  Be forewarned.  You will have a 20-40 minute wait to get to passenger drop off or pick up, pretty much anytime between 6am and 9pm.  Parking?  Be prepared to park a long way away from the main building and wait up to an hour for a shuttle to pick you up. You could probably walk it by then, twice.  And by then, the shuttle may be pretty full.  If you're disabled, good luck.
4	We had a connecting flight to MIami and we had to stay here for 1.5 hours.. very clean airport and lots of restaurants to choose from too..
5	I travel really often, both domestically and internationally, and I must say this airport is one of the most excellent airports ive been to! The people who work here are so so pleasant and kind. And there a great variety of food options that are all close together.
5	Over the years I have hit a number of airports, Charlotte Douglas was a main stay for several years and is now a pass through for me as it is a US Airways hub. I love this airport. First - the array of rockers - Carolina Rockers of course - to sit and rock and people watch. The Grand Piano in the main area always seems to have someone tickling the ivories and it is wonderful. There are plenty of plugs around the airport to top off you cell phone or computer. There is free wireless. There are a number of food choices and some very friendly people serving. What more could you ask for? Well how about art. The mobile of all the planes from the history of aviation are in the main lobby, and more art can be found around if you are looking! Enjoy this one, It is a good one!
1	Us airways is incompetent and unfit to call themselves an airline!  True story emergency landing and stuck in the airport for 4 hours with no answers!!! No one seems to know what's going on?
1	Nope not any better this time around. Still hectic, still tons of people. If you have a connecting flight out of CLT - put your running shoes on - because it's a long way from gate to gate and usually you'll have to rush to make your next flight.
4	I had the pleasure of a 3 hour layover in Charlotte Douglas airport this past weekend on my way home from Vegas. It's a pretty large airport and the maps come in handy trying to navigate. It feels very open and spacious and you get tons of natural light. There are rocking chairs throughout which was a nice change of pace from your standard uncomfortable metal chairs.There are also a ton of food options. My friend and I perused the map and decided on the Wolfgang Pucks Express on the single premise that neither of us had any idea what it was and never tried it. But to our disappointment it was nowhere to be found! Eh it happens. Settled on an Uno express and it was tasty enough. The airport and the bathrooms were pretty clean especially for the amount of people that were roaming about. They had plenty of conveniently located bathrooms and there were attendants in every bathroom I went into making sure everything was tidy. They had a lot of shopping options to keep you busy as well and a spa/massage which is genius because I'm sure many people are achy after their flights! This was a pleasant change of pace and scenery from Newark airport which I'm used to.
4	People honestly review airports? As if you have options? As if you honestly decide whether or not to visit a city because of it's airport? The fact this this has 800+ reviews blew my mind!
4	I had a fantastic 3 hour layover here. The bathrooms are clean, not filthy. The seating areas would be better with more outlets. The staff was kind. I just wish instead of having to trek half a mile to get from one concourse to another that they'd add the train like in Atlanta because on my way back through I had maybe 10 minutes before my flight boarded and I had to go from B to E!
4	Nice airportSecurity is normalEasy to find your gate
4	Quickest airport I've been through! The precheck facility allows you to roll through with a jacket and shoes! Also no headache with taking your laptop out!
4	Not bad for an airport layover. A fair amount of decent food options in the middle of the terminal and a few rocking chairs and ample seating for passengers as they await to board. Too bad US Airways merged with American - I don't think the frequency of flights out of CLT is going to last.
1	If you can avoid checking your bags when flying into this airport - DO SO.  Worst baggage claim area I've ever experienced.  Over 45-minutes to get luggage.
3	This airport, as a whole, is fine. The US Airways section is awwwful. I've flown through here twice in the last year. The first time I had to walk clear across the airport for my connecting flight (but I did get Bojangles... sooo... that's good!). The last time I flew through here (on my unintentional airport tour of the Southern US) was awful. So many cancelled flights, lines forever, people everywhere... it was a zoo. I was there for so many hours over 2 days... makes me never want to go back. I do appreciate the rocking chairs and the Bojangles, but the rest was fairly awful.
5	Clean, well-lit, easy to follow foot traffic patterns and courteous staff.
5	Great food! Really they do! They don't have a lot of shops, but they do have variety of food! I had to connect from domestic to international and it was easy to get to, which was not bad.The people were nice and the airport felt clean. I was flying US Airways and taking it to Brazil, overall the experience was not bad, but I dislike long flights and red eyes.
1	Terrible service! The staff was not helpful what so ever.. Very rude! I will never fly from here again! The airport is easy to get around but after my terrible experience I won't return
4	Clean airport with very friendly staff. Lots of different food and shopping spots for a smaller airport.
4	Very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at Sbarro's to grab something to eat.
3	I mean, it's an international hotel. I've only ever used it for connecting flights, so I can't speak to parking or location.  but the terminals are wide enough, good position and location of flight monitors, and signs are clearly labeled to help you on your way.Shops and restaurants are scattered throughout the terminals, so that's a big plus.
3	I don't really fly that much and have only been to a handful of airports. Being that I live near Charlotte, I suppose I am biased towards CLT. There have been a few mishaps here. On one occasion, my flight to Chicago was delayed 4 times then cancelled. But, I suppose to the seasoned flyer that is normal. I also recently flew to BWI from here and have no complaints. The options for food are good here as well, especially Salsarita's. If I had a layover here, even though this is my home airport, I would be happy.
1	I guess if you fly USAirways, maybe this airport is good. Maybe it should be named USAirways Charlotte international.   If you fly out of concourse A, good luck.
3	CLT used to be better, but their passenger volume has increased significantly. I used to fly out of here as my main airport from 2005-2010, but have since moved away and just returned back. It is moderately-sized and laid out well, with well-placed maps throughout the terminal. There is also a decent selection of restaurants.The downside that I found on my recent trip is that volume is up heavily and there is not enough room to accommodate the additional passengers. The hallways were packed and there were no empty seats to be found.Even the U.S. Airways lounge was crowded.
1	One word to describe this place- awful. Sure not as bad as Philly, but Charlotte at least gets second place! Trying to get across this airport is like a huge race! I've never seen so many people running around like madmen to get on connecting flights. When I was in the same situation, I ran like crazy with my wife and child to get from gate to gate. Finally when we got there, the woman who's name was I believe faseeka? Phasequa? Ghetto girl? Told us she had held the flight as long as possible; which was only about 5 minutes. The plane is still sitting near the gate clearly visible from the window. We pleaded with faseequa to let us on, but she literally too us the flight was closed and turned around so she wouldn't have to look at us. When we came back about 10/15 minutes later, the plane was STILL THERE! She then continued to type nonsense on her computer while I tried to talk to her. I asked her name, and then how I should spell it. She then refused to spell her name and got really snippy and utterly ignored me. In the end we missed a flight that was right there, sitting with the DOOR OPEN for 15 minute because faseequa refused to let us on. Screw this airport! We then had to wait 5 hours for another flight to an airport 2 hours from our house. Thanks you cold heartless woman. I understand your job is veeeerryyyy stressful, sorry to trouble you like that faseequa! (Sarcasm)
3	Not a bad airport.  Layout was okay - wide enough walkways, shops and food peppered around, sufficient number of bathrooms.It was packed because of some bad weather, so there was a bit of a shortage of seats at the gates.  It didn't seem to have any adverse effect on the supply of food, cleanliness, or staff demeanor so good for them!One thing I did not appreciate though - the bathrooms had attendants.  I don't love this anywhere, but I can accept it in a first class restaurant.  Not in an airport.  Especially when they seemed to be more interested in arranging their display of mints and showcasing their little cups of mouthwash than actually cleaning the bathrooms.
3	Nice airport with a good selection of shops and food.  It's a growing airport which is pretty large and has a large amount of passengers moving about.  Be sure to map your gates out in advance to make your travels smoother.
4	I'm obviously biased since I fly out of this airport monthly - but this is one of my favorite airports in America. It is large and spacious without being overwhelming. There is great food and shopping available. I often get there earlier than I need to in order to grab a quick fro-yo from Pinkberry or some fresh sushi before my flight. If you are a US Airways Club member, their club is AAAAWESOMEEE!! It is huge!! There are a ton of snacks available along with coffee, tea, and alcohol. There is a lot construction going on around the parking areas so I will say that parking at this airport (despite being extremely cheap) can be a huuuuge pain in the butt. The shuttle service is sub-par and is usually packed to the brim with people and their luggage. If you are planning on parking at the airport, leave plenty of time to actually get to the airport because the shuttle service is quite inefficient.But for those making connections through CLT, enjoy your short stay :)
2	Seeing as I am here now for a layover to go back home. I'd like to say.... Some of these people are rude as crap.. This is my first time at this particular airport and the layout is different from the ones I've been to.. Never heard of "concourses" and my boarding pass didn't have a gate number. So naturally, I go up to a person working and ask what I'm supposed to do. She looks at me in a "are you retarded" kind of look. Fine, whatever, they're somewhat busy they probably don't want to deal with a first timer. So I ask her where I'm supposed to go. She looks at me again like I'm retarded. I'm starting to get the hint that this woman is being downright rude. As I was trying to tell her and show her my boarding pass doesn't have a gate letter she interrupts and says in a rude, degrading voice, "concourse A." Whatever, I was glad to be done with her if she was gonna be rude to someone new to the freakin' place.I get to the security area, the TSA people checking my boarding passes are very friendly striking up conversations. "Finally.. People who are nice" get up to bag scan (keep in mind this was my 3rd airport I've been to and I haven't added anything into my bag except my laptop, phone, DS) been through 2 different airports both of which didn't confiscate my bag. They search my bag saying I had some sort of liquid. She searches and finds my super expensive face wash.. Says that I have to surrender it. Been through TWO other airports. Each have been through the same type of bag scanner and none took my facewash... Next time I have a flight and there is a layover to this airport, I'm booking a different flight whether it's way more expensive in price.
3	Its an airport....... they are constantly building and adding on to this airport. It is definitely growing and getting huge.
4	CLT is very easy to navigate through and with Pre-check at this airport getting to your gate is easy.Love the large food court as soon as you go through the checkpoint.
4	Charlotte has grown I remember when the airport was small now it's like a little city of it's own. I don't mind waiting for a plane here as they have plenty of places to eat and pass time. They made it look real nice and "purdee" inside so you feel like you're in a nice place unlike Newark or JFK which are boring as hell to me. I don't think the majority of passengers will be disappointed passing through here.
4	We stopped by this airport as a layover.  The terminal was quite modern and clean.  I liked that there were rocking chairs.  There were also plenty of food stands and stores.  That there are attendants in the restrooms is memorable.  The one I encountered cleaned the counters and greeted everyone who walked through the doors.  However, I could imagine the awkwardness of needing to use the stalls since the place where the attendant usually stood is directly across from the stall doors.
5	Because Charlotte, NC is a growing city, everything is new, glossy, and ready for business from those who are just taking up roots in the city. As a result, CLT is receiving the same "tear it down and start again" treatment.  This airport is special enough to have a Pinkberry considering not many of the airports house their own Pinkberry.  Of course they have a Chili's, a Mexican restaurant, and a shiny food court.  The place is not as large as Dulles International but from all of the construction, I would say it is well on its way.  To sweeten the pot even more, the people who work here are very helpful, patient, and professional.  You will not get attitude from the employees like you would at JFK.
3	To-date, I have had no issues with Charlotte Douglas International Airport, lol. I've only had layovers here and can't comment on the check-in experience. However, the food court space has a decent selection of foods so I'm content.
5	Love it, never have any problems and super easy to get around. Plus, the new construction has added a lot of new and pretty cool parking spaces whoohoo:]
1	Went on several websites to find a map that shows a baggage claim area location. There isn't.  Called several airlines they were unable to find anything. What's up with that.
3	Charlotte Douglas parking has been under construction for years - it's a nightmare. The valet companies are terrible and waits have been up to an hour even if you decide to splurge for convenience and avoid the construction. The airport is overcrowded, we've outgrown our space.That said, the rockers are cool. It's clean. If you flight out of E, bring your walking shoes.
1	I have no idea how things are on the Departure side of Security.   But, for anyone picking up a passenger here, this is one of the worst airports I can imagine.  Other than a Starbucks (w/o seating) and a magazine shop, and a "Cafe", there is nothing.
4	Ideally I'd give this airport 3.5 stars, but since that's not possible, I'll round up....My family and I have been here multiple times in the past two years, as this airport is a hub for US Air. We've been here when it's been quiet and also when it's been teeming with people. When quiet, it's lovely: there is an airy, open central food court that has a lot of light and open space. There are some neat art pieces and mobiles/suspended kinetic sculptures which are cool, and rocking chairs in which to relax. The airport's signage is clear and everything is really well-marked. The airport itself has always been really clean whenever we've been through it. There are many bathrooms and all are clean, too. Each bathroom has an attendant who offers mouthwash and mints and various supplies (you either appreciate or don't, these bathroom attendants. For me, they've all been pleasant, wishing me a nice day, and there's never been pressure to use their supplies or tip them, so I don't mind them. I find them to be a throw-back to an earlier, more refined time. I can understand others being off-put by them, though).What's not so great is the lack of stores and better restaurants here (this can be problematic when you have a longer lay-over here), and how the place is a total cluster-f**k when it's busy. It just seems like the US Air terminal isn't large enough to accommodate all the people they service at busier "rush hour" times. I've seen people literally trip over each other, trying to catch connections, when it's busy. The terminal perhaps should have been made larger or wider, so more people could more safely move about.(As a side note, I think it foolish to downgrade this airport's ratings due to flights being delayed or cancelled, as some reviewers have done. The timeliness of flights run by all the various airlines is often - usually - not controlled by the airport. That's like blaming a mall for one of it's store's questionable return policies. It's not the mall's fault. Just my two cents worth!).
3	I've only ever had layovers here so I do not know how parking, etc is. Lots of different shops and food places and the bathrooms are always clean because they have attendants. Depending on what gate, you may have a good walk ahead of you so be prepared.
4	Very nice for a regional airport. Wasn't too crowded at all. First time I have been to this airport and I enjoyed it a lot.
5	one of the best airports for comfort in the country ,  food, drinks, places to sit all over   I always make it a point to fly through Charlotte when I can compared to Atlanta its a breeze !
5	Great airport... travel out of it very often. Right now, it's been a challenge getting in and out if you're self-parking. TIP: Have someone drop you off! The airport is undergoing major changes with lots of construction... which will make the airport much more efficient. On the whole, the airport here in Charlotte is clean, easy to navigate... no problems! TIP: It's crazy busy on Sunday afternoons and Monday mornings!
1	Everything good in this airport is RUINED by the obnoxious level of loud music playing by terminal D7 at "The Local Rustic Market". I was unable to talk on the phone or hear any announcements about my flight status over the music. I asked if they could turn it down and the manager suggested I walk down the hall, away from my gate in order to be able to hear any announcements from the gate. Stupid is not a good enough word to describe that suggestion.
3	I had the worst time finding one of their long term parking lots. I felt like I was going in circles the whole time. It's a little run down and could definitely use some upgrades.
4	I love this airport! I always have connecting flights here. They have a great food court and they are packed with lots of shops and places to eat to help past the time. I always stop at the body shop! It's also very clean and easy to navigate!
4	Since I travel so frequently, and this happens to be my home airport, I like it.  I park at Parkngo...with or without a reservation.  You barely have time to put on the parking brake before the staff is there with the van to carry your bags to the shuttle.  The airport itself, I like that too.  I love the wine bar Beaudevin.  Great staff, atmosphere and food.  And of course, the wine!  You don't feel as though you're at the airport.  And of course, love our rocking chairs!
4	The airport is large which means that you will most likely be walking quite a ways to get to your gate.  That being said, it's a well organized airport with clear signs for guidance.  The bathrooms are clean and have attendants who offer toiletry if needed.  I love the rocking chairs sprinkled throughout the airport.  It forces you to slow down and take a breather.  There are plenty of food options in each gate area, not to mention 3+ Starbucks locations to waken you up.  All in all, a nice airport.
3	This airport will one day not be under construction and will be built out to service the growing population in The CLT area. For now, any flight after noon is more than likely delayed and don't let your plane arrive early-you will sit on the runway until the ground crew is off break. The positives - very clean, always friendly folks and usually not hard to get through TSA checkpoint.
1	Been in three airports on our trip to North Carolina. I know it's summer. What happen to the air conditioning. They've lied if its about being GREEN. It's about the other green!!!
3	Oh my gosh is this airport huge. I got in on an hour delayed flight out of Knoxville, which only gave me 20 min to run from B terminal all the way to E terminal. There were so many people and our flight, every seat was filled going to Detroit. I had no place to sit while waiting at my gate, people were sitting on the floor...no thank you. As tired I was that night, I just stood and waited. The boarding process took over 30min, and that's when I say thank goodness for first class! First to board and get your carry on luggage squared away, and the first to leave the plane upon arrival.
4	As I fly a lot to Pensacola, Florida, I am always making a transfer at this airport. Wether my lay over is 20 minutes, or 2 hours, I am always entertained during the time I have to wait.There is a starbucks in every terminal, which is fantastic because after my first flight,  I am always exhausted. In the main terminal, there are tons of food options, as well as some shopping. I really enjoy the stir fry place in the food court, their spicy options are top notch.The bathroom attendants at CLT are SO friendly. They will make sure you are satisfied with the cleanliness and keeping of the restrooms.My only advice is to make sure you leave yourself enough time to get to each terminal, since this is a huge airport and very spaced out.
3	Got nuthin against it. Pretty big, usually runs on time. Seems like they have a lot of new businesses coming in that are good, especially restaurants. You have to take a bus to the rental car station, though, which is a bummer. And there is a lot of construction going on here in 2014.
1	The most ridiculous airport for connections. New union rules have imposed a ground shutdown if there is lightning within a mile if the airport. You can be siting on the tarmac only a few feet from a gate for over half an hour and not able to get out. In the meantime your connecting flight can be boarding. Once the shutdown is over your connecting flight is ready to go, you've lost all your connection time, they've bumped you off the flight and now you're on a flight 2-3 hours later. Even if your connecting plane is still at the gate they won't wait for you or let you on. Has stupidity reached a new all time high?
4	Great little airport. Now direct connection to Europe. Live piano music in terminal. Us airways hub. Rental car shuttles run every few minutes. Lots of charging stations for electronic devices. Airport is also small enough to make transfers easy.
3	Nice airport,  but really- with all the nice amenities like rocking chairs and moving walkways - but no free wifi?And can they do something about the annoying high-pitched beepers on the courtesy shuttles?
4	Even though it is still in construction, it is still one of the best airports to travel. Easy in and out, perfect size!
4	I really liked this airport.For some odd reason this was my connection lay over airport both on my way from Dallas to NYC and Newark to LAX.The airport is bright and clean and offers lots of shopping and dining options.I really liked the Mexican tequila bar. On my first layover I had a strawberry margarita that came in a cool plastic shaker. I was able to (discreetly) bring it on to my connecting flight with me. It's easy to find your way around, and staff here were all friendly. I almost wished my layover was longer the last time, so I could of checked out even more.
2	Terrible airport for a layover. Walking from E40 something over to B6 should not be do laborious and definitely would be hard to do successfully with any shorter of a layover or if my other flight had not landed a smidge early. Not to mention half the moving walkways were not working. Will be avoiding layovers here in the future.
5	One of the nicest airports in the United States! Plenty of shopping, as well as food options within the airport's gates. One of the few airports that resembles a shopping mall more than an actual airport!
5	This message is in reference to Alex P's  derogatory comment regarding the airport facilities especially the bathrooms where you had to 'wade in piss'....Liar liar pants on fire.Having used the airport for over 4 decades I have always found the place to be immaculately kept from one end to the other.Future travelers the airport is a credit to  Charlotte.
4	I has to stop at this airport for my lay over on us airways going to Philly. No hassle, no drama. If u have to lay over. Let it be here. I really like the way this airport is laid out. The food court is awesome and they had some one playing the piano. It wAs very soothing to me especially with the stress of getting from one side of the airport to the other. I really wish they had a tram for this but the food court made up for it.
3	You cannot sleep inside the terminal overnight, which is horrible if you miss the flight or if its oversold- beyond your control.  This situation happened to me a few years ago and it was not enjoyable, hopefully it has changed.I recently moved to the area and am impressed that daily parking is $5 per day.  They are doing construction to expand the lots, hope the price will stay the same.Recently flew United for a very early morning flight, the gate agent was awesome!  She was welcoming, comical, pleasant and professional.  She made my morning!  Previously, I have flown US Airways into and out of CLT.. both positive, negative and neutral experiences.  Didn't really have time to check everything out, but they have some nice areas in the airport for lounging and relaxing, and also some nice eateries.  Bathrooms were clean.  Airport information was helpful in locating the bus stop for long term parking.  The buses ran frequently and were large enough to accommodate a few families with luggage storage.
4	This is a huge airport with flights just about everywhere. However,  unlike some other large US airports it does not seem overcrowded. Check in is average. There are tons of delicious food options here. One of the best airports for food and shopping I've been too. Be prepared to walk a lot but at least you don't have to leave the building.
3	The airport, and the surround area, is currently undergoing some renovations. This is leading to some confusing roads, a bit of an unsightly mess inside the airport, and a bit of a delay in getting to/from the airport. Allow some extra time when flying in and out. Overall, it seemed like any other hub, with decent food options, sporadic outlets through out, some moving walkways to speed movement through the airport, and the usual TSA.
4	This airport was amazing because I got through security in 5 minutes, but it felt like it was 90 degrees inside and I was sweating like crazy.
3	I hate the baggage claim area, bt love the free wifi. So its even. Oh wait. parking is bad. too much traffic!
3	This is by far one of the warmest and most crowded airports I've been to.I'm not sure how big this airport is, but after taking a stroll throughout the whole facility, I saw that every terminal was bustling with people. Seats were filled up and many people were standing up while waiting for their flight.Restrooms are fairly clean -- I like how there are attendants there ensuring that the sinks were dry and that there are paper towels in every dispenser. Hey, they even have a basket of candy there, too. I'm surprised some US airports have that -- I usually see attendants in overseas airports.Most of the airport staff members are friendly. Shop owners were also friendly to talk to while shopping for a few things. The selection of restaurants, however, isn't too great. Then again, if your layover isn't too long, that shouldn't be too big of an issue.There's free WiFi but it takes forever for me to connect, whether on my iPhone or my Mac. Also, this airport needs more charging stations; there aren't enough to go around for the thousands of people who go through the terminals.And YES, as Skye A. mentions, PLEASE turn the damn AC on in EVERY terminal! It sucks when you get in an argument with the Sbarro cashier -- it sucks even more knowing that the heat is adding to your frustration!
4	I know next to nothing about Charlotte, North Carolina. It's only because I needed a connecting flight to Fort Lauderdale, Florida that I even came here. For that reason, my expectations of this airport were quite low and I thought I would be here for a forgettable hour or so of my life.That wasn't the case. This airport is actually kind of nice! It's small and clean and cute. I didn't know that there would be such an international airport in a place like this. You really can't get lost in somewhere as simple as this. Everything is easy to find, and I'm still surprised that this airport deals with out-of-country flights.There is a central food court that is fairly big and even features someone playing live music on a grand piano. The pathways to and from this area are equipped with moving walkways for your convenience. The place is air-conditioned well enough because it can get really hot in North Carolina even in September. And plus, free Wi-Fi! It may not be the most significant airport in the world, but it's a pleasure to travel through.
2	Very nice airport! Lots of places to spend money!!! No electrical outlets- (few), a guy wants me to tip him in the bathroom?? He ain't wiping my ass!!! And typical 3 hr layover to get fricking anywhere! I hate this place...:)
5	This is my favorite airport and was a big reason I moved to Charlotte. Getting in an out is a breeze. The airport is big enough to hold the number of flights it does but does not overwhelm. Let's start with getting in. If you are cabbing then it's super easy. Most fliers take US airways so get down right in the middle, highly recommend the mobile boarding pass to skip lines, a number of kiosks help as well.Premier status gets you easy access through checkpoint C, usually there are no lines, except if the security officer is not around, then everyone makes a beeline for C. Once through security, there are a couple of decent food options. Recommend the beaudevin, will review that separately. Starbucks is always crowded. Smattering of the usual airport shops. If you are in the mood for (window) shopping, there is a row of shops: Johnston and Murphy, Lacoste, PGA etc. The whole airport is pretty much walkable. Just leave enough time if you have to get to the high E gates: E36 can be a bit far.
5	What a wonderful airport to have a layover in! There is such a wide variety of places to eat, from a tequileria to fast food and nice sit  down restaurants.  In addition to that, the shopping is amazing for an airport. There are several nice clothing, jewelry, and accessory stores.  Everything is pretty accessible from one terminal to another.Additionally if you don't want to shop or eat, there is a lovely section between the B Terminal and the C Terminal where they have a long line of wooden rocking chairs and beautiful trees. It's great for people watching and to just relax between flights. This is definitely an airport I want to come back to on future trips.
4	I changed my mind.... Not a bad airport at all. My beef is the airline. Free wifi, good sushi and seafood in the food court- crowded but again- airlines. As for the bath rooms - worth a tip not  to stand in piss on the floor and having clean bathrooms is rare. Can you forgive me! When I go to Boston I have to go through here so learning to adjust.
4	Love This airport. Had been convenient and an easy place to pick up. Recent changes have me worried however......I believe the city has taken over. Previously,there were no traffic people located at the pick up area. There was rarely traffic,or an issue. Now with  the addition of "the annoyance traffic patrol", it is no longer fun to pick up.Traffic has picked up because of these agents. Why try to fix something that wasnt broken. Valet parking prices were tripled  New constuction abounds. Lets hope they dont mess up this great asset.
3	Even with a relatively short layover, I was able to make my connection without using moving sidewalks or transporters. It was exhausting, but it was possible. Big, crowded and bustling. But pretty well-run.
3	Parking sucks!!
1	I have traveled almost over 20 times from this airport. You see the nicest staff and you see the nastiest staff. I had a first class ticket with my wife to puertovallarta and they told me you are 5 minutes late and you can't travel and you need to comeback tomorrow.And they gave me the economy tickets.I was treated disrespectfully in custom when I arrive to US.I always thinking that what is next.
1	Concourse C..starting with the nasty B at Wolfgang Puck...you VOLUNTEERED for the job. Maybe ringing up pre packaged food is not for you. This is not the first time I have had the displeasure of you nasty attitude. I am sorry your life is so miserable,  but please refrain from taking it out on the people willing to give your company money. Derrick at the news stand right before gate C19...you see the huge line, there are 4 employees standing around talking to you. I ask if you know how to run a register you say no..tell one of the other girls to start ringing and you leave. Your foul mouthed employee then proceeds to complain about what a dick you are and tells me it's not her job to bag the $20 shirt I just purchased.  People of the Charlotte airport, there is a reason I avoid flying US Air. Your bad attitude and horrible service is part of the reason. I never receive such horrible service, over all at any other airport and I fly all the time.
4	All-in-all this is a very nice airport.  Some reviews say it is small, but I think that is only because they only saw their concourse.  As a Charlotte resident, this is my airport for domestic and international flights.  I think I've been to every terminal and can tell you that it is a quite large airport.  There are some pretty decent restaurants and shops if you need to kill some time between flights. My only critique would be the process for international arrivals. American citizens no longer have to fill out the customs declaration form, but do have to queue up for a bank of machines that take your picture and scan your passport.  The machine then spits out a ticket you give to the customs agent.  It is a bit of a melee, but doesn't take all that long.
2	3 1/2 star rating?! How much crack are you people smoking!? I will give you three (3) reasons this place sucks balls:-The whole point of an outlet is it to supply energy...none of your outlets do this..so what are they? Because, they certainly are not outlets. Three separate attempts in different walls (including a charge station proved fruitless. Sonofabitch!).-Your courtesy people transporters make the most annoying, continuous whirling beep. Jesus Christ why?! Its obnoxious, but it fits your airport well I guess.-Your employees are lifeless. I go in to get a protein bar, and the woman made 0% eye contact with me the entire time. When she said "have a great day", she must have been talking to the magazine rack.You get two stars, go sit in think time and figure out how to call and hire an electrician who can re-wire your outlets. ALL YOUR OUTLETS...LOL.Go sit in a corner somewhere and figure out how to properly run simple, basic crap. Like the people transporters...Get them to stop whirling like the Pope and Gandhi commandeered these vehicles, began grinding, and then left the alarm on demanding everyone watch them grind....And finally, sit in a corner and figure out how to stop hiring vegetables. Look for people who can have the potential to smirk at me. Just a smirk. I am asking....for just a smirk. I am not that ugly...I think.Charlotte....silly Charlotte.
4	Well Charlotte is always busy but reasonably easy to navigate to your next gate if your lay over is here.  I have flown many miles and I like this airport a lot
5	Its my first time at this airport.. And i hate layovers,  but they have really great stores to shop and eat.. Theres plenty places for wine and Tequilla and i just got a hot Cinnabon.. Theres a Jamba Juice, mexican spot and a place sit and have some delicious southern food! Plenty of resting spots where you can charge computers and mobile devices.. Its really fancy here and looks way better than the philadelphia airport where i am traveling too!! And wait... Did i just see a Brooks Brother store here too? Love it!! You wont be disappointed while waiting or connecting to your next flight!
2	Bathroom attendant doing a fine job, but this was the worst airport wifi experience I've had ... maybe ever. Huge waste of a layover.
5	I have to say this beats LAX JFK any day. They have options for everything you would need when you travel. My grandson needed a outlet for his phone. Found one. Than my wife and I had to wait for our flight to FL we had food and wine. I went with friends from my old bowling league and we found a buffet. I went by myself and read a book while watching the planes take off.  I have traveled a lot in my life and this always is a good experience.
2	I wouldn't usually write a review on an airport, but when I do it's because it really sucks. This airport was probably last updated the same year an American stepped foot on the moon. The aesthetics are an awful addition to the awful modern commercial flying experience. The bathrooms are super outdated and small. Also, instead of paying workers to keep the bathrooms clean once per hour or so, they have chosen to put in bathroom attendants that you would find at a cheap stripclup. These awkward attendants hover over you hoping for tips because they have mints, listerine and a paper towel ready after you wash your hands. If you're comparing it to any other modern airport it is substandard. As a major traveling hub for some airlines, this place needs a MAJOR RENNOVATION, FAST!
4	I've been through this airport numerous times throughout more than a decade my traveling back and forth between where I live and Boston to see my dad. I have to end up going through this airport in order to go to Boston, which is why I am so acquainted with this airport. I've never really had a problem until the last couple of years when I graduated from being a kid to being an adult which it wasn't required to have people wait on me as I got off the plane and stuff.That's not why I have a problem, though. I do like that they have a variety of shops and food outlets to choose from, especially a full Chili's in the airport. However, I understand that it takes money and such to build a big airport instead of a small airport to become technology friendly through the building and inputting of charging stations and more outlets to deal with the amount of charging of phones and such people would need to do in-between flights. I just found it vastly annoying that there still wasn't a lot of charging stations or great outlets to charge my phone. Since this summer, I actually had to PAY for wifi which was outrageous for me since it's offered free wifi in the past. I don't know if it was just me, but I could not get my hands on wifi without some kind of payment.The staff has been friendly as I don't think that the bathroom help is a nuisance and they do a good job. This summer, I was walking and a staff came about and asked if I wanted a ride since I looked tired so he called for a ride for me on the transport, which was great. I have had a pleasant experience as far as the staff was concerned. I even lost my ticket from Charlotte to Boston at one point and they just printed out a new one as soon as they saw my ID and everything. It wasn't a big deal and it was easy.I just think they should fix their outlet/charging problem and put in new charging stations and if it's true that you have to pay for your wifi now, then they should make it free again because it's ridiculous to pay for it when it's been free in the past.
5	As far as airports go, this one is my favorite by far. They did a good job showing Southern hospitality by airport standards if you are lucky enough to be stuck with a layover here. The atrium with the open air, sunlight, and rocking chairs definitely allow you some personal recharge time before you get back on another flight.The airport is mid-sized, not gigantic like Dallas, so you shouldn't feel extremely rushed to make it to the other side of the airport.
5	I like this airport so much that I moved here! They did this one right - parking, food, security, rocking chairs and the easy layout. My only other favorites are Long Beach and San Jose.
4	I like the ease of the small airport...curb drop off...shorter lines, etc.  However, with all of the recent parking garages added, more flights, and Charlotte's growth...they probably need to consider some internal renovations as well.  For one, this is the South.  When you jam more bodies in small spaces, the temperature rises.  Add some more ventilation.  Second, folks are so paranoid about their boarding positions, everyone is lined up in mob style waiting to board.  This blocks all of the gate areas and does not allow for a good flow.  Maybe increase seating in gate areas or allow for additional space for boarding.  It's my home airport, so there isn't much I can do, but a few things might help us weary road warriors!
3	Parking at this airport is something out of a paradox.  From the outside it looks like this place has more parking than actual space for the airplanes.  However, trying to park here to fly out for a business or leisure trip has been something out of a time vortex where nothing makes any sense.  The signs are not set up to streamline people coming to this airport to park and fly out.  I was almost late for a business flight since I was so confused on where to park and where to go.  Inside has a decent amount of restaurants and to my surprise designer shops.  More to my surprise is how these shops afford to stay open since most of their items for sale is beyond what anyone would pay for and there is never anyone in there.  Unsolved mysteries indeed.
2	I've been to so many airports over the years that I can't even name them all. In the morning, this airport is certainly quiet. But it's also dead. I came in on a red eye. By 6, almost nothing in the D terminal is open. And the one sit down restaurant that is open has no outlets. While it's nice to have charging stations by the gates, travelers who work like to sit down and enjoy their meal while banging out some work and charging their equip. More restaurants with outlets and open before 7 for early travelers would go a long way to improving this place.
4	Being a pretty seasoned Traveller this airport is actually a pretty good one in comparison. They are making some needed upgrades but it's still relatively clean and modern. Looking forward to the much needed new parking deck.I know people complain about the "hustlers" in the bathroom. But hey they DO keep the bathrooms clean and work very hard for that dollar tip! So I'm not going to complain.Decent food choices but pick the right ones even if you have to venture into another terminal.
4	Great airport.  I will do my connection through this airport if I have a cost effective option to do so, and i don't mind doing longer layovers here. Clean airport, attendants in bathrooms, good selection of food establishments, decent prices, sufficient places to sit, with seating also near outlets to charge your devices.
3	The "moving sidewalks" make it efficient to get to your gate quickly through the hustle and bustle. Not enough time for food between connections, so no comment.
2	This airport has not evolved or grown to accommodate its business. Similar to PHL; it is over capacity at each gate, does not have enough power outlets (let alone designated power stations), and lack of hot food choices in each terminal make is a dismal place for a layover.I personally feel awkward with bathroom attendants present as well. I prefer not to have an audience.
4	First things first, it's an airport not a resort, so my review has been scaled down for that. We landed here at 9AM for a layover to Dominican Republic.  Chairs are not the worst ones I've seen, but a big plus is that the Wi-Fi is free, so watch as much Netflix as you want. Bathrooms are clean and restaurants are pretty good.
3	Blink twice and you'll think you're at JFK or LAX.  This airport was surprisingly busy.  I was shocked being that Charlotte has a population of less than a million people.  But I understand the number of travelers given it's a primary hub for U.S. Airways... (Ick...don't even get me started).  It has all of the normal accommodations of your average airport; large food court, shops and several business centers.  What it lacks is a decent size rental car counter and larger waiting areas.  All in all...okay airport.
4	I have been going to the airport a lot in the last 10 months since I just moved to Charlotte and my family has been visiting.  I think it is a beautiful airport and everything seem to run smoothly.  Only occasionally have I had to stand in a long security line and everyone has been very pleasant.
1	Women in baggage claim lied about where my bag was as they wouldn't even look it up in their computer. After burping Chinese food in my face and refusing to look in the computer I accepted what they were telling me only to arrive at my destination bag less. Unprofessional, lazy and making a bad name for the South.
3	One of the smallest airport in the U.S.  Flew here for a short layover to Greenville (GSP).  Can't really stand small airport since all the planes are so small and me being 6'4" is very difficult to sit comfortably in my seat.  Next time I'll fly into big airports.
5	I'm here every week, and in comparison to the numerous other airports I experience, CLT is definitely the best. There are many food and options available regardless of your airline or gate. At most airports there are a few for each terminal and they are not accessible to all gates or require significant walking. At CLT there are options throughout the airport and a central hub that makes getting around easy without the trams and monorails other airports require, which is great when you're in a hurry. Daily parking is also relatively cheap and convenient compared to the prices at other "hub" airports. I'm looking forward to the completion of the additional parking which should alleviate the congestion and make my time in and out even faster.
2	We have to fly through this airport every time we visit my family who live in South Carolina. I am not a fan. First of all, no matter what time if year, this airport is always freezing. There is a large glass atrium which is kind of like a hub for all the terminals. The atrium is pretty with several places to grab a bite to eat including Chilis, Carolina Pit BBQ, Cinnabun, Tequileria, etc. The Atrium would be a cool place to sit and grab a bite while watching airplanes take off and land but the temperatures are always arctic! I would guess this maybe has something to do with all the glass but no clue. This airport is not family friendly. There is nothing like the convenience of a Family Bathroom when you are traveling with an infant. While this airport has several Family Bathrooms, they are always locked and never available for use. Because of this, I am forced to change her in the crowded restroom while my stroller, diaper bag, body, etc block the traffic flow of people trying to get in and out. This is so frustrating!Every other time I fly out of this airport, there is some kind of problem with our tickets or some crazy delay. I think I've spent more time sitting in a delayed plane on the Charlotte Tarmac than I have in the actual airport (probably not but it sure feels like it and being delayed with an infant is not fun!) I'd say avoid it if you can, but you probably can't so, in that case, just be sure to bring socks and a sweater!
3	5 stars for being clean, bright, spacious, and having a good variety of food options!Unfortunately, I'm now 2 for 2 in getting delayed an hour or more leaving this airport. They just don't want anyone to leave. Make sure you get on board with a fully-charged phone, cause you may be sitting on the Tarmac for awhile.
3	This is not a bad airport, not like I was really trying to get to know this place, i did have a nice layover.  My problem is, I don't think there was an easy way to get too downtown or other spots from this airport without a cab or bus.At least other airports I have been in had a rail system that you could catch and get to the city where if you have a layover of 4 - 6 hours you can enjoy yourself outside of the airport and make it back in plenty of time.As you know I am a foodie, so I am looking for an airport to provide that and this one has a lot of places to eat, however, none that I saw that would  make me want to sit and spend $20.00 for a burger and soda.  I am not a fan of most places to eat at in an airport, but I am somehow feeling, if I went to LAX or Newark, it may be different?I really couldn't find anything exciting to do, to occupy my time.  They did have mobile phone charging stations for your phone which I liked, I can't remember if there was free Wi-Fi or not, I think they did havefree Wi-Fi and there is where things ended for me, I am not an airport lover, even though I like to travel, I want to keep it moving.This place is better than a lot of others I had been in.  I would want to have a long layover here, before some of the other airports that I want mention.
4	This place is large. Good luck if you land at terminal C and need to get to E. Get your running shoes on.That said, this is a major hub and has decent food and shopping places. There are rocking chairs in the main terminal which is cute and there is an army of folks to help you find your way if you get lost.
1	Avoid this airport. Had a connecting stop here on our way back from Mexico and hated every minute of it. Had to collect our bags and go thru security again was a huge pain in the rear. After that no real food in the entire E concourse. Creepy bathroom attendants handing out Listerine and mints. Over crowded tiny gates with no place to sit or charge a phone. Any review that says this place is great seriously has not been anywhere. CLE, PIT, ORD, LAS, LAX, PHL even ATL is better than this shack of an airport.
4	I recently returned to this airport since I finally had a reason to travel to Charlotte again!While I'm keeping it at 4 stars, let me list the ways it is an awesome (and convenient airport):1) It's clean2) The main terminal is home to all of the main airlines and therefore if you're flying out with someone else, you can still hang out together prior to their flight departing3) They have TSA pre-check and also randomly select people (like yours truly) to try it out.  No need to remove your shoes or 3 ounce liquids!4) Plenty of charging stations5) A few small eateries so you can at least get something quick before your flight
2	Get ready to walk or run, whichever. I have flown in and out of CLT about 1000 times, usually on a connection. CLT is very large, and you will use about 10 moving sidewalks, and escalators. They do have nice rocking chairs spread throughout, however I doubt you will have time to lavish the slow life. The food is okay at best, mostly fast food, as all airports. The 2 stars for me comes from the massive delays on the runway. You WILL sit on the airplane in a big huge line waiting to take off, or you will wait for an open gate for your plane to park. That gets annoying. In addition, the runways are really long, so it makes for a LONG taxi. I always joke and say when you are flying from CLT you will feel like the plane is driving to the destination not flying.
2	Painful getting in and out of here with the construction and insane traffic.  For its volume,  airport is awfully spread out.   Seating is far less plentiful than it should be.  Must create a lot of jobs here though. I took this picture after watching the folks all hanging out, chit chatting many many times.  I'm betting their supervisor thinks they're actually busy helping people.  Ha!  Right after i took this picture,  a 4th employee joined these 3 having nothing to do but take up walkway space.    Not imprrssed by so many aspects of this airport.
4	As far as large "hub" airports go, yes it it large, yes you may have to walk but it's a hub and walking is healthy.For those of you who prefer a little less walking, CLT has installed moving side walks throughout to expedite and reduce some of the required pedestrian walking, but again it's a bit of a trip but not horrendous.Plenty of food!! Seriously, Yelp could host a restaurant hop as each wing has plenty of eateries, small stores, and amenities. You will not be disappointed if you pass thru or make your final here.
1	We arrived an hour early for a domestic flight and security was so slow that I had to run to catch my flight.  Their excuse?  "Some time are a little slower than others."Advice to passengers:Arrive AT LEAST an hour and a half early.Advice to the airport:Get your act together.
3	Charlotte Douglas International Airport is a complete madhouse, but the cuisine is off the chains. I had a lay over here and was shocked at the sheer volume for a small market city. You would be forgiven if you mistook this airport for LAX or ORD, it is that busy. Huge lines and very few charging areas for your cell phone will frustrate even a seasoned traveler. The food choices however are commendable. If you are hungry you owe it to yourself to seek out Carolina Pit Barbecue in the main terminal as it is the damn truth. Smoky, tender and so moist... truly delicious. A small piece of heaven in a travelers hell.
5	How could I not review my favorite airport? CLT it the best hub in the US. its a walking airport that has lots of moving walkways. I'm as swift as an NFL Running Back in this place but throw in those walkways and I'm Hall of Fame material. CLT has many cool places to eat and drink and the price points are reasonable. The waiting areas are always clean and there's no tattered seats. You can always find an outlet to charge your electronics and the bathrooms are always clean. One note is (and this is just a personal observation) I'm not a big fan of the bathroom attendant. I'm not looking for pleasantries when I'm having a whiz. Really! who eats mints from the toilet? GROSS! The true fact is these guys keep the lavatories clean. I am just not chatty when I'm peeing.On the occasions when Charlotte is my destination the baggage claim is super fast and efficient. Security is never a hassle and the check in at the ticket counters are friendly and always super nice.I normally fly 1st class so we get an elevated level at the counters anyway. You should try it, nothing beats getting hammered on a 6am flight to Tulsa.CLT is in my opinion the best big hub airport in the country.
4	The airport in general gets a solid 3 stars (A-Ok)... but the staff here in all aspects cranked it up another star. I flew in via South West and out, via American. And all the staff, from the gate personnel to the guy mopping up the bathrooms greeted me and wished me a great day. I was even asked by a young girl employee, who was apparently on a break of some sort, if I needed any assistance (as I am sure I looked pretty lost). She went out of her way to make sure I had a good experience and that says a lot.
4	It's a nice airport to have a layover in. Free wifi is only for 45 minutes but there are tons of eateries, shopping and even a spa. The only thing that sucks is if you have a short layover and have to run from one end of the airport to the other to make your plane.  It's a HUGE airport.On my layover on my way out I did get to enjoy a great lox sandwich at Einstein Bros Bagels.  On my way back I had 15 minutes to get to my plane.  I suppose I should have asked one of the carts for help.
4	I was told this was a small airport so I went mentally prepared.Boy was they wrong! Yes it may be smaller than ATL airport but I love that they have great options to choose from with food. Not to ass Charlotte is one of my fav places.
3	Great aiport that loses two full stars because f***ing bathroom attendants. Air travel and the airport food isn't expensive enough? We need to remember to bring singles for a guy standing by the sink doing nothing we can't do ourselves? Except then there's that creepy guy who stands in front of your stall while you're trying to travel deuce...
3	I'm bumping Charlotte-Douglas up to a three...it's almost to a 4-star level, but I'll refresh this review once they've finished all the renovation and construction.After two years, they finally finished and opened the new Hourly Parking garage, which allows you to park right near the terminal if you are picking up or dropping off someone. Yeah, a novel concept, right? Well, it may seem that way for Charlotteans, considering they haven't had a parking lot within walking distance to the terminal in those two years.Haven't connected through CLT in a while, but I can't imagine too much has changed. It was always adequate for connecting and layovers, but nothing to write home about.They are working to modernize this airport...it is showing signs of being in the 21st century...hopefully they will wrap up construction soon and it can function as such.
3	Not a bad layout for a large airport.  Lots of convenience here.  Lots of places to shop and eat which makes it nice if you're having to lay over for more than an hour.  I don't like monster airports.
4	This is one of the better airports in all of 'Merica.  I may biased by the fact that I live in Charlotte, and frequent this place often, but the same cannot be said for LAX, when SoCal was my old stomping grounds. TSA folks here are really nice and not complete jerks like at other places.  It's sweet when they ask questions like, "Heading home for the holidays?" Or "Really like your man-purse! Does it fit all the man-ssentials on chic guy needs?"  Despite convo, they are pretty quick and getting past security doesn't take forever. Might have to buy a plane ticket to simply enjoy the food that they have here.  Big daddy's burger is really good.  Hisso sushi hits the spot. And the food court has many options, with someone on the piano tickling the ivories.  Then, head over to the rocking chairs and relax.  You won't want to leave - and some folk look like they've been there a minute!But you gotta love the parking.  $5/day long-term parking is brain-dead great option.  Also if you forget where you park, and it's really late at night, and you keep her good spirits, she'll drive you around to each lot really slowly and help you find your car! There's also a bunch of affordable parking options as well. But at $5, tough to beat. dmo out
3	Totally passable. Clean and compact. Not many amenities. Good place to connect to other lathers airports.
5	I'm shocked how well this airport ran.  No matter what the delays and problems the staff is extremely helpful.  Never have I ever had an INTERNATIONAL airport been so kind to help with every little thing.  I must say that they were the best international airport I have ever been to.It's designed in such a way where you don't feel like you're in an airport.  There's many coffee joints and restaurants all over.  Meaning you don't have to walk all the way back to find something to eat or snack on.  The way everything is place was smart.  Coffee on almost every corner.  Restaurants right next to the coffee places.  Carts every where to get miscellaneous things.  Bathrooms are clean and everywhere.  The floor is tiles and clean.  Everything here is clean and well rounded.
2	Disclaimer: I've only passed through this airport for connection flights and I've never had much of a lay over. It's not as big as many of the other hubs like Detroit, Atlanta and Minneapolis. But it's still big enough to need a tram of some sort. I've not spotted a tram if there is one here. The moving sidewalks just don't cut it when your connecting flight is already boarding. Many of the moving sidewalks (and there are a lot of them) weren't working, as in out of service. Even an escalator was out of service. If you've ever wondered what it's like to tote a carry on luggage up stairs, I'll inform you that it's not very fun. The bathroom had an attendant but the bathroom wasn't as clean as many of the other airport bathrooms that I've used. There weren't any toilet seat covers. Some airports even have the rotating plastic seat covers, so nothing at all is very "behind in the time". There was a food court and an area that had rocking chairs. That was a first time that I've noticed rocking chairs in an airport. I didn't use them, it was just another observation, plus I was trying to note something positive about this airport.
4	Nice airport that is well connected.  Not dirty and everyone was very helpful.  I feel we got through everything very quickly and did not struggle finding anything.  Has plenty of good places to eat or drink at which is a huge plus on the big layovers.
2	I was not real happy at this airport, there was no where to charge up my phone near my gate.  I hate to sit on the floor near the old phones on the wall and watch a bunch of people walk by.  I can't believe that an airport this busy hasn't upgraded their airport to help out those of us that are traveling and need to charge up phone and such.I have to stop here on my way back to Providence from ATL and really bummer by this.
4	Southern hospitality at its finest! I very much enjoy traveling through this airport. Security check in is usually a breeze and they have so many restaurants and shops in the gates. They are always so decked out too during the holiday season! It's a great airport to be at if you have a layover...shop, relax in a rocking chair and enjoy the amenities they have to offer.
3	food choices are wide in variety, airport is clean, bathrooms are nice, but it is WAY too cold in here. it's 35 degrees outside, and hardly 50 degrees indoors. it's early in the morning, people!!! either hand out some blankets or crank the heat. it's mid-december, not summer.
3	Charlotte Douglas Airport is one of my favorites for grabbing a connection. It is very easy to navigate, clean and well managed. I like that the terminals are fairly close together and they use a hub model for the terminal. There are many, many shopping and food options and some of them are quite good. An additional appeal is the rocking chairs that are placed throughout the walk throughs. They are a great and relaxing diversion to while away times for departure delays and cancellations.
1	This is by far the worst airport ever. We have went to 3 different food place to eat and have had a bad experience at all of them. The first one took over  an hour tonget our drink order then came back and said oh you have 5 minutes to order I said ok I'll take this sandwich "oh we don't have it or this or this " that was a larger portion of the menu so we said well I guess we are not eating here finished our drinks had to go ask for the check and meantime I saw our server dig in the trash for silverware and not wash his hands before grabbing food! The bk and taco place was also awful workers seemed extremely rude and bk took 15 min but the food was right there the whole time. Just don't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !
3	With the new American Airlines absorbing US air, all my regular flight routes have changed. Now, I find flights flying through CLT and I never had before. Had my first layover in CLT last week and wasn't impressed. I came in from an international flight which landed 10 minutes early. However, the shift for the immigration workers didn't start yet so the entire plane of passengers had to wait 10 minutes while employees showed up. Maybe this is normal in smaller international airports, but I thought it was really strange! It was really weird because no one explained  what was happening, we all just stood around and no one helped us for 10 minutes. On the positive, they do have the new immigration kiosks so things moved fast once we got started. The airport was clean and seemed fine, so it's likely a better domestic airport. Free wifi so that's always a plus! We had a short layover and had to go straight to the gate. Not too many food options but there was an Einsteins bagels which was fast, good and relatively cheap.
5	I had to go from B to E, and it only took about 10 minutes. I thought that I'd have to change terminals but nope! Great shops and restaurants, very clean, easy to get around, beautiful gardens inside too
2	Flew two days after Christmas and there was basically one security line that took an eternity to get through. Technically there were multiple lines but we were told that one was first class & priority (Checkpoint C) and the other (Checkpoint D) we couldn't use for some other reason and we were told to go down to Checkpoint E. I had arrived at the airport with two hours to spare and ended up running for my plane. I've flown out of Charlotte dozens of times but have never seen the staff as unprepared for holiday travel as this. At least they finally have short term parking again.
3	For an airport, I'm impressed. It's a pretty small hub, but CLT is full of dining and shopping options. I really wanted to try the pit BBQ, but it was a little too close to my connecting flight for me to wander out to the food court. The employees at CLT were some of the nicest airport workers I've ever encountered. Have you ever had a gate agent sincerely apologize for a delay and give real time updates on how long it would be before you boarded? I have! On the other side of the spectrum, this airport was full of some of the most miserable travelers I've ever had the misfortune of peoplewatching. I was knocked into multiple times by people rushing to their gates, my family was given dirty looks for taking up 6 seats, even though there were 6 of us, and WOW... on our way to the gate we saw someone's dog squat right in the middle of the terminal and take a dump.I can't comment on security since I was only here for a connecting flight.
4	Charlotte is usually my layover in transit when I cannot have a straight flight. With that being said I'm going from the gate and I do not have the full TSA, parking or any of the extras worries.The airport is very clean compared to the others I've been to, the food vendors are decent but lack on healthy eating spots (I try to eat well since I'm about to sit on a plane) and most importantly, the gates are labelled well if I'm in a rush. Did I mention that I love the Southern charm? Well, that's just the nice part of visiting the Southerners.
3	If "not as bad as LaGuardia" is a standard, this place meets it.Charlotte Douglas is a major air hub, and you certainly won't forget it - it's absolutely jam packed with people on a perpetual basis, be it 3 AM or 9 PM.  The place is huge and daunting, but relatively well laid out, and it features a ton of stores for your perusal.  It's reasonably clean and nice, so it has that going for it.  There are decent - but not great - attempts made to offer plugs and internet connectivity, though a lot more work remains.Problem with this place is simple: it's way too crowded and it doesn't know how to handle it.  TSA inspection lines are often dauntingly long, halls are often jam-packed, and people are often stopped in the middle of the hall for want of a place to sit or relax.  Lines for food become cumbersome and scary to the point where I've foregone breakfast just to avoid the wait.  This could likely be fixed by expansion, but I doubt that will happen any time soon.All in all, this is not as bad as LaGuardia, but it's not nearly as good as its competitors.
3	Well kept facilities highlight this airport but it is a ZOO!!! I avoid CLT at all costs because of the food lines and crowded terminals where it feels like everyone is in a rush to go nowhere. If youre a USAirways frequent flier then this place typically has less delays than PHL... But you pay for it in the crowds
4	I enjoyed this airport. Pretty quick to get in and out, terminals are easy to navigate, and there's a decent amount of food options. There are 3 Starbucks' in close proximity, there's a Chilis, Jamba Juice, and several convenient shops.They also have free wifi & water filters. Overall, a solid airport in the States!
5	Clean and open airport. Loved it!
5	Of all the airports I've been to, and while it hasn't been a ton, I really enjoy this airport. It's small enough that you don't have to take a train, small plane, or automobile to navigate the terminals, but there are still speed walk paths that'll get you there faster. I'm obsessed with the food court/nucleus with its white rocking chairs under real live trees and a ton of natural light and a beautiful view of the sunset ( with cool lighting if you come in on a later flight ). I was able to enjoy a live pianist playing contemporary songs once and thoroughly enjoyed it! This airport has a romantic Southern quality of slowing things down in a stressful, bustling situation for most but not for all. Though don't get me wrong, I love watching what appears to be a high speed foot race through the terminals. And free wifi is just the best. Till next time!
4	Pretty decent airport.  Rocking chairs everywhere giving a quaint look. Pretty laid back and people are nice.
3	Busy, busy, busy. The city is booming, the airport is packed and life is good, I guess. Expect growing pains.Food is overpriced - sandwiches run from $8.50 up to $12.50 for prepackaged Starbucks or Wolfgang Puck turkey sandwiches. and water - smallest bottle at $3.00. Thought I was in Paris for a minute. Coffee stores every 50 feet though, so unless you on a line at Starbucks, service is pretty quick.None of the higher end stops we see in SF or JFK, but they did have a Tequileria!
4	I was not going to write a review of this airport and catch my breath a little but Charlotte's airport is just too good not to review. It's all classed up with modern architecture and the burger bar I'm at as a wonderful selection of draught wheats like I love. I don't know when I'll be laid over here again because I usually prefer direct flights from New York to New Orleans. However, I'm glad I saw a new place and got to Yelp!
4	I was here picking up a friend, but I've yet to review the airport so here it is.  You can't compare it to the much larger hubs really..  Just like Charlotte itself, it's a mid-sized airport that I suppose does the best it can.   With that being said, the construction is a huge headache, but airports grow, so you can't really complain about that.  I've never had issues with the customer service representatives, particularly the ones at US Airways.  I've flown with them most of my life and don't have too many complaints.  The layout of CLT is okay, but I'm not really sure how they could make it much better.
