5	Went and checked out the new iPic Theatres at the Scottsdale Quarter tonight for their mock opening. This place is insane...it's like the W Scottsdale mixed with a movie theatre. First, the seats. Wow. They are unbelievably plush, and they recline. Each has a swiveling table to place your drink/food on which is served by one of many waiters. You get a blanket or pillow if you wish and a "free" popcorn plus valet parking. I say "free" because tickets are $25 once they open this Friday.They are doing free movies and food (sliders, flatbreads, salads) and drinks (cocktails, beers, wine) Monday and Tuesday but you have to make reservations. Seriously check it out.
5	You step inside iPic, and you are welcomed with mixtures of natural stone and wood, candle light and effect light, all screaming class and sophistication.  This is, without a doubt, a Scottsdale business.  Though this concept of upping the experience for movie goers isn't an entirely new concept, it is somewhat an unfamiliar concoction of classy dining, comfort, and blockbuster entertainment-- in the United States that is.  The employees are just as remarkable.  Like running a five-star restaurant, iPic trained their workers to serve with utmost respect and accommodation.However, this type of service does come with a price.  This five-star pampering would probably cost you ten times more than a plain Jane theater.  Worth it?  Well if you have around a hundred for you and someone special-- and what a proper location for such a business.  Oh you got to love them Scottsdale folk!  Would love to see this concept spill over to the home of MGM Mirage's Aria-- Las Vegas.  The incredibly good taste of iPic's entirety would blend seamlessly with the city's most gorgeous cosmopolitan setting on the strip.  Overall, you are looking at a handsome, yummy, exciting, new theater experience here.  Now all you have to do is try it for yourself.  It will be an experience to remember!
3	I was there last night to see The Fighter.  Saturday was their second official day of being open and there were some things I liked and some things that could have been better.The space is gorgeous.  As some people mentioned, it looks like a hip hotel or nightclub.  In fact, their Salt Lounge could be a cool place to hang out even if you don't go to a movie.We sat in the gold seats which are in the upper level of the theatre.  These are large, comfortable seats that recline.  Unfortunately, I'm 6'2" and couldn't recline my seat without my feet hitting the chair in front of me.When we were seated someone came by and asked if we'd like a blanket and pillow.  Shortly after that a server came by and asked if we'd like something to eat and drink.  We asked for a couple of waters but they never came.  After about 15 minutes I got up and went to the snack bar to get some water.  They only had one register open so I had to wait longer than I'd expect at a premium movie theatre. I never saw any of the free popcorn either.The quality of the picture on the screen was excellent and the sound was great.I'll be back and hope that they have worked out some of the service glitches by then.
4	I'm feeling the vibe of Vegas-style clubs transformed into a movie theater.  A full bar inside complete with stylish chic furniture all around, online movie booking with e-ticket pick up, reclining seat and a table for your drink/food, menu order option, or pick up dinner to take inside. All that for the cost of $25.00 a ticket!  The $25 also includes blanket and pillow.  You can sign up become a member for special offers and discounts.  A cool movie experience for a first date, celebrate birthday, or anniversary.
2	In the words of Peter Griffin on the topic of the movie The Godfather, this place "insist upon itself". The idea of this place is epic, you can eat and drink while you watch a new release film, I know they aren't the first to do it, but it's my first experience. Everything about this place it top of the line. Beautiful decor, nicely dressed employees instead of the oil stained shirt and bow tie uniform at AMC, but this place is so pretentious it almost couldn't stand it. We were lucky enough to get free tickets and a deal that had half price beers and appetizers (which meant that they were normal priced anywhere else), otherwise it could have easily been $50+. The theaters themselves are very nice with huge seats, each with their own swivel table, the only draw back from them is that they aren't adjustable at all. I don't know, I guess I just think this place is trying to hard to be something other than a movie theater. I think if they just had a good bar with a decent snack bar then I would love it more, I just don't see my self coming close to planning a movie here unless its at come kind of discount.
5	This is how movies should be. Not only are the chairs large and extremely comfy, but the staff is friendly and the food is good. This is the only theater that I've tried the dinner and a movie experience, but if you have chocolate covered strawberries on your menu in a movie theater, you are golden!The rosemary chicken skewers were fantastic, not too much or too little rosemary and juicy too. The movie itself was good, about the same quality of your regular theater, but on a smaller screen (there are about a third of the seats in the theater though, so its not necessary for it to be as large as the jumbo size AMC or Harkins screens)all in all, i never want to see a movie in any other theater. ps, join there member/mailing list for cheaper seats and other deals, plus showtimes. its worth it.
1	This is the 2nd time I went to iPic. I thought I would give them another chance because I really want the experience they promise.This place is like being in First Class on the nicest airplane... without any flight attendants.  We arrived early enough to have dinner at Tanzy.  The quality of the food and presentation are very good, although I don't know if I would go to Tanzy unless I was seeing a movie there.As for the iPic itself... we sat in the Gold Class seating which promises reserved seating, valet parking, reclining seats, complimentary popcorn, and in-theater service.  The first time I was here I got the regular Premium Seating which just has reserved leather seats.The seats are very nice and they do recline so you can really relax just like you might at home with a nice high end recliner.  We didn't take advantage of the valet parking but if you do, you simply get it validated at the box office.Complimentary popcorn... I was never offered any.  I have seen other reviews on here that have said that also so that is a recurring theme.Now if there is one aspect of going to iPic that should stand out from other theaters, it's the in-theater service.  We were one hour and fifty-three minutes into our movie before the server approached us for service.  She asked us if someone was helping us so she must have just started her shift or was moved to another section.  The movie had 10 minutes to go before it was over and she was handing us menus!  We ordered a drink and it arrived in about 5 minutes.  We gave her $20 and she said she would be right back with the change.  She never came back.Overall, it's all sizzle and no steak.  If I ever go back, I'll just get the premium seating and go to the snack bar myself.  At this point, the only real advantage is that you have reserved seating so you don't have to fuss with getting to the theater early to get a good seat.****************************************************************************This is my review of the first time I experienced iPic:I love the idea of this place and was really looking forward to going to an upscale theater with all the accouterments.  The design and layout of the place is fantastic with the exception that it is not readily apparent to know where to go once you are inside. You have no idea where the auditoriums are because things aren't like a normal theater layout.  I was hoping that there would be a little more attentiveness from the staff.  The cashier should have told us where to go to.  The concierge (ticket taker) should have told us what to do next. For example, do we go to our seats or should we head to the snack bar?  In a traditional theater, the ticket taker has told us where the snack bar is and I expect at least that much from a premium theater.Once we found out seats we patiently waited for the touted seat service and hoped someone would come by to take our snack order.  We arrived 20 minutes early for the 3PM showing of True Grit (great movie by the way).  Not once did anyone come by to take our order, offer a blanket, or anything else.  We were ignored the entire time.  Maybe you need to sit in the VIP section to get that service.  I did not think that was a requirement for seat side service but maybe it is.I will go back again and give it another try.  I LOVE the idea of this place, but the execution of it leaves me wanting more.  Maybe they will get the kinks out or maybe they just expect the patrons to figure it out on there own.  I really hope that it was because they were so new or I can't see this place staying in business if they are not going to deliver an exceptional night out.UPDATE: I have been informed that the seat side service is for VIP only so that would be why we didn't get seat side service.  Even after knowing this, I went back to their website to see if I could see that distinction made when purchasing the tickets.  I don't see it, so just be aware that you need to be in the premium seats if you want the full experience.
5	How can the suburban hell of PHX have a movie theatre experience like this?1. Buy tix online (and pick your seats)2. Walk into theatre and stop at the full bar for pre-show cocktails3. Get escorted to your (assigned) seats4. Sprawl out on full power seat recliner5. Here is a menu for  food, wine and cocktails6. Would you like a pillow or blanket?  Why yes, that would be lovely7. Here's some complimentary popcorn while you decide what you want8. I'll have the filet mignon sliders and a dirty martini belvedere9. Excellent. Enjoy the show and I'll be back if you would desire more drinks or snacksWe need this in SF like yesterday.
2	I definitely like the idea of being able to drink a beer while watching a movie....but a $6 beer! You have got to be kidding me! Thankfully we went on a Tuesday night and the beers and appetizers were half priced. This place definitely looks really cool. It has a really nice hip lounge area with a bar where you can grab a few drinks before going in for you movie. The actual theater is decent. I like that is smaller and the seats are big, but if you are not sitting in the gold seats, then they can be pretty stiff as they don't recline. Also, I heard the women's bathroom is fantastic, but I didn't get a chance to check it out personally. This place had potential to be cool, but they had to go off and "scottsdalize" it. That is a technical term I just made up for taking something that could be cool and turning it into a stuffy, overpriced place, where people stare at you if you pull up in a Toyota. The servers in the bars were dressed like they worked at a casino in Vegas! Um hello, we live in Arizona, and this is just a movie theater. If you want to pay $20 a ticket plus more for food and beer then iPic is your place, if not, steer clear!
4	Where to begin?  Yes, it is a bit pricey.  But not too pricey.  It pays to become a member - and membership is free.  The place is very uh...trendy.  Nice places to sit and wait for your movie to begin.  You can also have dinner here or get sloshed at the bar before your movie.  I think, at some point this may present some problems.   The staff is very courteous.  There were more lovely boys there than I have seen anywhere - many, many lovely boys.  I think they are the wait-staff for the Gold seats.  But we will get to that.  The ticket sales are by machine or by human.  Lovely people behind a nice counter.  Your choices are Premier (17.50 w/o membership) no perks; and Gold - I forget the price, something like in the 20's and I don't remember if the blanket and pillow were a perk with our without the membership.  Yes, you read that right.  With the Gold you also get a lovely boy to fetch your food to your seat - even your wine.  Since we were Premier, when we went to collect our food we were told we were in the wrong place - that we had to go back to the counter.  The food on the trays was for the people in the expensive seats.So now we know.There is a menu at this place!  The popcorn is available, but nowhere to be seen.  And the butter machine hasn't arrived yet.  Everything seems to have a starting price of 4.50 and goes up as high as you would like it to go, I presume.There are all sorts of lovely boys to point you in the right direction.  We went into theater 5.  We blundered into a section of orange seats.  So you don't make the same mistake, here is a heads up.  The Gold seats are actually the orange ones and the gold seats are the premier seats.  There are these little trays for your stuff.  If you are skinny, you can actually bring the tray over your lap - unless you like to cross your legs, in which case, this is a no go.  The seats are those theater things like you would have at your home theater, but they don't recline - well, the Premiers don't - don't know about the Orange ones - I mean Gold priced ones(?).  You don't get the annoying Dolby thing or the THX thing or the Turn of Your Cell Phone thing or the Shut up and and watch the movie thing - which leads me to make a suggestion - PLEASE HAVE EAR PHONES PROVIDED - I only say this, because I think the idea is to kind of imitate a home theatre atmosphere except you are stuffed in with a bunch of strangers - and what if a bunch of them are sloshed - or simply being themselves, just like they would be at home?The bathrooms are impressive, but here is another heads up.  The little thinggie that tells you whether the loo is vacant or occupied is really, really small, so you kind of have to stick your nose under the long bar thing that opens these floor to ceiling door.  The other thing is that the hole for locking the door is really, really, really tiny - so aim well or you will have people walking in on you - I walked in on someone, so I know.The screen is awesome - overall I liked the thing and I joined and I will be back - this time I am going for Gold - I mean Orange - oh whatever and hope that I get a beautiful, beautiful boy to tend to my needs.  In my next review, I will tell you about the blanket and the pillow.  Stay tuned.
3	The good, the bad and the ugly - - -here it goes:1.  The good - the seats are much nicer than in a regular movie theatre and the "gold" seats definitely are plush with recliners and other amenities (pillows, blankets, popcorn, etc.). If you plan to go to the iPic often, sign up to be a member for better ticket prices and offers.  The pricing for just a movie at a member rates seem fair compared to a regular movie based on the comfort of the seats.  I also liked that they have reserved seats so you know what you are getting when you purchase your tickets.  2.  The bad:  Because they allow multiple types of food and drinks to be in the theatre - which should be a benefit - it actually makes the movie environment louder and can be more distracting when someone opens up their plastic pizza container, puts their drink down loudly, etc.  3.  The ugly - we went to the Salt Bar for a drink before the movie.  The cost for 2 drinks was $30 + tip!  Way too expensive for two drinks!!!!!!!  Are you kidding me?My advice - go for the movie but skip the drinks unless you have cash to spend.
5	Carlos C. said it well!  Having a reserved seat and not having to get to the theater 45 minutes early to see a new movie is worth every penny.  Seats are comfy and you can order a drink.  What is there not to like?
2	What they promise at iPic is wonderful. What they deliver is just ... irritating.I really want this to work. Too often I wait for a film to go to video so I can watch it in comfort, at home. But what I really want is to be able to watch it in comfort at a theater.What's great about iPic:1) Reserved seating2) Location (for me, very close to home)3) Drinks and food during the movie.What just doesn't work at iPic, after two visits plus the feedback of others:1) Service is very weak. We never got some of what we ordered and paid for. And that free popcorn? We were in the gold seats, and my husband asked three times on our first visit. It never came.2) The promised valet parking wasn't available3) The website is difficult to navigate and raises more questions than it answers. It gets better after the first visit, but there are still silly glitches, like how it tried to force us to reserve seats away from each other.4) The "regular" seats just aren't that comfortable5) The gold seats are truly great, but if you fully recline you hit the bar or seat in front of you. This was very uncomfortable even for my husband, who is only 5'10" (Someone in an earlier review thought it was because he was 6' 2", so I offer this information.) The spaces are just very poorly planned. Did you measure first?6) Food is mediocre, overpriced and difficult to eat in the gold seats and dark. And the drinks are at pre-recession prices.7) The lights went WAY down so early that we couldn't read the menu8) Music is just awful. Makes you neurotic even while waiting for the movie to start. Very inappropriate and loud for the setting. I'd be fine with the movie prices if only the place delivered on what it tries to be. Our gold seat experience, however, topped $100, and it just wasn't worth it. And that was after "joining" and getting membership prices!If I go back, I'll do the gold seats, and order a drink only (eat before, during Prime Bar Happy Hour just steps away). But it's going to be hard to get my husband back in there. He'd probably do the less-expensive seats if they reclined. It's just crazy that they don't. Harkin: I think you have nothing to worry about, sadly.
3	The new iPic Theaters in swanky Scottsdale Quarter is something to write home about, but probably only once in a blue moon, unfortunately. A cool experience or date that comes with a restrictive price tag for most folks -- if I didn't have free tickets, it would have taken a special occasion to get my butt in that seat.What I liked:- The atmosphere of the facility -- think movie theater mated with upscale night club.- The seats -- comfortable recliners, but only if you pay for the upgraded "gold package," which is really the way to go here. The 'regular' seats looked pretty regular. The upgrade gets you free popcorn, blankets and pillows, and waiter service. You can also reserve these seats in advance.- Food and drink: nice selection, decent quality (especially the wine selection)- The bathrooms were super nice.What I didn't like:- Prices: holy crap. You can easily spend over $100 for a movie date here.  The least-expensive glass of non-house wine is $12. The average appetizer is around $12 as well. The quality of the food did not meet my expectations for those prices. - Pretentiousness -- people dressed like clubgoers, rather than as movie patrons. Servers in the theater push you to order food and drink. Overall a cool experience, but I wonder how this place will sustain itself once the novelty wears off. I wish them luck.
4	I really enjoyed this and thought they did a great job.  We got the Gold Class seating...which is way worth it.  The extra $3.50 pp gets you free popcorn and valet, so you've more than paid for it right there.  There's just something about having your feet up and sitting in a big comfy chair during a movie, with a glass of wine too, that really works for me.As for the pricing, yes the food is expensive.  The extra $7.50 over Harkins for the ticket alone though is well worth it.
3	My wife and I got a voucher for free gold level tickets and $120 worth of food. What could go wrong? Well, first of all try finding the place. Buried in the heart of Scottsdale Quarter you'd better leave early or do research on finding it in there. (Hint: Look for Tanzy signs. There is no iPic signage on the exterior of the building. It's on a second floor hidden between Tanzy and Salt- the associated restaurant and bar.) The decor was very upscale and arty. The service was slowwww. It took forever to get a glass of water or our drinks. The lights went out before we could finish reading the menu. Our server, while very friendly, seemed overwhelmed trying to explain how everything worked to too many patrons while filling orders.The reclining seats were comfortable but my feet end up next to the head of the poor person ahead of me. The digital movie quality and sound was outstanding. Eating in the dark was challenging. The complimentary popcorn was nice.Our food was good. Reasonably priced for upper class Scottsdale ($9-$15). If you like a lot of ice in your mixed drinks you'll love these. Stick to non-ice based drinks. My draft Killians was $6 but  my wife's margarita was $17.Overall, I would do this once in a great while for a special occasion. I would recommend trying it for the novelty. It is quite a unique experience.
1	Well the concept of this theater really appealed to me. I still think the concept is great, however thought in the execution seems to have been absent.We showed up at 9:20pm for a 9:45pm show. We waited outside the ropes for about 10 minutes until we'd be allowed into our theater. This gave a a few minutes to look around. The theater is linked to both the Salt Lounge and Tanzy Restaurant with coordinated decor making for a very stunning and appealing sight with a comfy feel. We had just came from dinner at Tanzy's (separate review). We ordered the Gold package and were told our server would take care of everything once inside the theater.Once we were allowed to enter everyone entered the same door. It wasn't until we were trapped in the line that we realized there was another door on the other side that would have sped up the wait to get into our seat. Maybe if they were both open that might have streamlined seating.we got to our seats, got comfortable (more on that), experimented with the electric recliner and generally got situated. Once our server showed, we ordered. My wife wanted a white wine. The server highly recommended one of their Chardonnays. We learned after tasting that 1) don't take wine recommendations from someone not old enough to drink and 2) iPic doesn't know a quality wine from vinegar. The Chardonnay was easily the worst either one of us had tasted and we didn't finish it. We ordered Chocolate covered strawberries and the Oreo Ice cream sandwich. Our server didn't know they were out of the ice cream sandwich and told us when she delivered the strawberries. Probably a good thing since that probably prevented another food abortion. The chocolate covered strawberries were also horrible and unripe. My bet is, they're not made on premises but charge as if they were. After just eating at Tanzy, I wrongly assumed the menu would be similar since I believe they're owned by the same. Menu was not great..at least the dessert menu with it's three options. The other option was a Berries Sabayon which the server tried to push after our two previous dessert failures. Not long into the movie my wife noticed her 3D glasses were dirty. It took about 30 minutes before we saw our "server" again to ask for another pair. The second pair was better but not much. They reuse glasses and the high school kids working there probably aren't too into cleaning them well.Comfort. I was all set for a nice comfortable recliner. Not. There is a metal bar running across the middle of the back of the recliner that will be guaranteed to let you know it's there by the middle of the movie. I spent the second half of the movie trying to avoid the bar to no success. The only way I was able to minimize the bar in the back was with the foot rest down which kind of defeats the point of a recliner. Since your feet won't touch the ground (and I'm 6'1"), that is an uncomfortable feeling as well.While the concept is fantastic, the designers and operators really ignored the details. If you build it, they will come is not a good business model. They may come.....once. And once it will be. We will not be back.
3	Great concept, but there are some real issues that keep it from being a 5* experience. The seats in the Gold Class section, as others have mentioned, were put too close together meaning that when your seat is fully reclined the feet of the person directly behind you are on your head. There's also a metal bar that you can distinctly feel mid-back when the seat is reclined. Service is friendly, but it's very slow and they don't come around often enough. We only saw our server twice and I made sure to order two drinks the second time because I had a feeling it would be the last time we saw her. I'm not sure if they can fix the seats, but service is an area that they can definitely improve the experience here. If service was more attentive and swift, I would give iPic 4*. Somehow fix the seats and the service and it's a 5* experience. With both of those things fixed, I would be more than happy to pay $17.50 for every movie I see and go out of my way to see movies here. As it stands now, we'll probably go back at some point, but they definitely won't be getting all of our movie dollars.
4	Well where do I begin....well let me start with the entrance into this establishment. When you walk in you will immediately notice your walking into luxury....where hostess' are waiting to check your reservation and send you to movie heaven. Now if you not in the gold class seating where the chair recline...no worries...the other seats are just as comfortable. I went tonight because by becoming a new member back in December I got a free ticket that I couldn't use until now....due to the fact that I have been busy....not because the ticket said so.....didn't want you to be confused there. If your hungry or thirsty they bring food made to order to you and drinks to...that you can enjoy while you are watching your movie. The have an outstanding restaurant there called Tanzy and for those of you who want a cocktail or just a simple beer they have a bar called Salt. The atmosphere and ambience is just fabulous....they even have a wine dispenser that let's you press a price on a touch screen and it dispenses the amount of wine your paying for right into your glass.Now here is my favorite part....and no offense to parents out there with children.....but if you go after 7:00 pm to any of the IPIC Theatre's NO KIDS ARE ALLOWED....you have to be over 21 to get in. Now at my age now that makes for good business because I would like to enjoy my movie in peace. So if your in the mood for good food....good drinks....a great atmosphere....and a great show....come to IPIC in The new Scottsdale Quarter....and you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I loved the food here. I can tell it is not super healthy but I can appreciate a restaurant that just goes for the gold on the flavor end of their menu these days. Their drinks are incredible so be sure to at least order one before the movie if not when you are in there. I really liked that they had reverse happy hour (not sure on the times otherwise I would post them) and then you could take those drinks into the theater with you if you weren't done when the movie started.The staff is very friendly and we always go back to see our favorite bartender, Woo. We met him on opening night there and always has great customer service, is hilarious, and most importantly makes GREAT cocktails! You should definitely ask for him if you go in.The VIP seats are awesome too, I almost fell asleep in the movie to prove how comfortable they are. I wish it wasn't as expensive but the price point is as expected for a dinner theater and their service provided.
3	This is our second time going to ipic. First time we didn't really prepare - we got the last seats, on the day we were going, to see The Fighter. We didn't realize that you have to book in advance to get the good seats. We sat at the front with in the gold seats. Nothing special they are just comfy. We had 2 drinks at Salt which were good, very pretty looking! The movie was good, we got to take in the wine we bought from the wine dispensing machines! So cool! You buy a credit-like card and pop it in and select how many ounces you want and type of wine you want. They have 2 machines - the prices are high but it is a cute idea and great for dates. The only down side is that it pours the exact ounce you order - rather than ordering from a bartender who will usually over-pour. We went to the restaurant attached to the theatre, Tanzy, after the movie, it was ok - nothing special. The second time we went to iPic was this past Friday. We went to Narcisse first for some champagne before the movie and we really liked that. Narcisse is also at the top of the escalator at the end of where Salt Lounge is located. We ordered our tickets on Wednesday (2 days prior) and got great platinum seats. They reclined, we got valet parking (they validate it when you pick up your tickets), unlimited popcorn - we got tons! [The valet parking is worth it since last time we went it took us a while to drive all the way to the bottom to find a parking spot] You also get blankets and pillows which were clean (I was a little skeptical about this feature at first). The movie wasn't good (No Strings Attached) but the seats were great!  Oh yes we were starving when we got out and nothing was open so we ordered "Gold Class Nachos" from Salt Lounge which were $10 and some flatbread that I can't find on the menu now at Salt after. Okay so the waitresses at Salt Lounge are interesting. We see one of them serve the ladies at the couches beside us our nachos and we watch as the girls start eating them knowing they weren't there's. The waitress comes back and notices her mistake, picks up the nachos and hands them to us! I was disgusted! I was like ummm those ladies touched and ate half of these! So she went back and (hopefully) brought us a new plate. I won't go back to eat there again but they serve Fresca as a mixer so I would just go for drinks.Overall it is a great movie experience - tons of drinks, food, and they treat you very well. Just a little on the expensive side for a weekly movie.
3	Put your feet up and enjoy a movie. That was the initial appeal for me to want to try this place out. The convenience of being able to combine having dinner there and watch a movie was even better. Especially since many times my husband and I don't have a lot of time to hit up dinner and then a movie because of a sitter or just the fact that we go to bed early these days. After reading some reviews on Yelp and talking to a friend who went to iPic, we decided to try it out for our anniversary night out. First thing you need to do is sign up for a free membership to get a few dollar discount on the booking. If you go to the movies at the last minute, this may not be for you. I booked two gold tickets and movie time at noon on a Monday and about 30% of the seats were already reserved. You get to pick your seats, which is nice, though once we got there, it seemed most any seat was a good seat. Lots of space. I'm not sure why someone would buy a standard seat without the waiter service. For a non-member, it is $17.50. For a member, it is $14. If you get the gold service, you get a server, free popcorn, a blanket, pillow and reclining, soft chair for $17.50 if you are a member and $25 for a non-member. Bascially, you get a nice big chair, a server and comforts of home for an extra $7 over a regular movie seat at a regular movie theater. Oh, you also get free valet if you do gold service too.OK, so we booked two gold seats and printed up the sheet and drove to Scottsdale Quarter. As we walked up the stairs to the theaters, we noticed there was a bar called "Salt" and a restaurant lounge area called "Tanzy." in between were the doors to the theaters. We didn't know exactly what to do first, as we arrived about 40 minutes prior to the movie. The gal at the hostess stand gave us a basic rundown of what we could do. Eat, drink, or walk around until about 15 mins prior to movie. We decided to have an appetizer at Tanzy. We sat at the bar and chit chatted with the bartender. I wanted to have a fruity, non-alcoholic drink and she came up with a fantastic one called the "El Corozon." It was created by their master bartender and had a mix of blood orange, pomegranate, other juices and she made it into a press with soda water. SUPER DELISH. Loved it. There is also a tequilla version of this in a martini glass with a salt rim. Not as good. We ordered the fresh mozzarella and it was good.After we ate, we went to find our seats at the theater. There wasn't much direction on where to go or how to get to our seats. When we approached the guy who takes your tickets, we handed him our printout from home. He told us we had to print up our tickets so we went to a kiosk and got the "real" tickets. As we returned to the ticket taker, no one was at the stand. We stood there and a busser walked past and asked if we needed help. We said we needed to go to our seats. He just said, "ok, you're down there." We started to walk in the direction he pointed at and the ticket taker reappeared. He asked to see our tickets and torn off part of them and told us to go to theater 6. As we walked into the theater, one of the servers was there to direct us to our seats. But, the ticket taker had torn off one of our tickets so the guy thought we had one seat, not two. We told him that the other side was torn off by the ticket taker. He said "Ok" and let us up to our seats. As we made ourselves comfortable, our server came up and introduced himself and explained the concept. They only had one menu for each group/couple to share. I guess they were low on menus? Later, he came back and took our order. We got a chinese spring roll, angus bacon and cheese sliders and oreo cookie ice cream bars for dessert. My husband had a beer. Popcorn was passed out by someone else. No blanket or pillow yet. It was cool in there. As the movie started, our food came. It was a nice serving of food and on white glass plates. The spring roll was delish, but no sauce. I had to wait a while for our server to come back to ask for sauce to dip it in. The sliders were tasty. It was a bit strange to be eating in a semi-reclined position. I dripped food on my blouse a few times. The desserts were yummy. By the end of the movie, I was completely stuffed. All in all, it was a fun first experience. Though, I was disappointed in the confusion for first timers. Also, no pillow or blanket. I wanted to really snuggle up and watch the movie. If I was going to see a movie that really needed my attention, not a fluffy piece like "No Strings Attached" I wouldn't choose a dine-in theater. Its also not cheap to go there, but I get the convenience and comfort aspect. We will return again...maybe not order as much food and just lay back and enjoy our movie...
3	My wife and I recently visited iPic and enjoyed our visit overall.We spent some time in the Salt bar with drinks and nachos appetizer (yum).We saw the movie Green Hornet 3D (movie was crappy in my opinion, can't blame iPic for that..).The 3D glasses we used were dirty beyond dirty.  Perhaps someone needs to clean/sanitize them on a more regular basis.  iPic's classes are not made for those who wear glasses like myself as the 3D glasses kept falling off my nose throughout the movie.  The seats in the non-gold class are comfy leather and do not recline.  You may find yourself with a stiff back at the end of the movie and doing stretches on the way out back to Salt and/or Tanzy for a post movie drink.
2	We arrived at our seats 30 minutes prior to the start of the movie. We got off to a great start with our server bringing us blanket and pillow. She also brought menus and took our drink order. When she returned with our drink order, we placed our food order. We still had 20 minutes until the lights were going off. A full 10 minutes into the trailers our food arrived, my husband's sliders were great ( even 30 minutes after ordering) my nachos were ice cold. We waited for a server and for almost 10 minutes I sat with the cold nachos on my tray until another server was bringing popcorn around and we asked to speak with our server. She took the nachos, at this point I was irritated and no longer wanted them. When she brought the  check, I asked for more popcorn, almost 15 minutes later, she returned with the popcorn and said she forgot.The seats wer very comfortable, but skip the food unless you bring it yourself from the concession stand.
5	So this week my husband and I decided to try Ipic in scottsdale and Ultralux theater at Indian bend. I am writing a review for both so feel free to check out the other one as well. First, this theater is amazing in presentation. Very upscale and comfortable. We bought the gold seats on a weekday at 5 pm online. The cost was $50 for the two of us. Upon arrival we were greeted by the very friendly staff and take to our reserved seat so no worrying about running for a good seat. The seat reclined and was made of a micro-suade. By far the most comfortable seat ever and reclining seats are the big seller point. Then the waiter came and took our order of an extensive upscale list and matching price. We had the salad with goat cheese and vinagarette which was pretty nice although hard to eat in the dark and I had the steak sliders which are served medium rare and were outstanding and easy to eat. My husband had the chicken skewers and asparagus which he really enjoyed. I would say the only downfall to this theater which I really hope they fix were things that may be just growing pains but should be mentioned. First they tote that the luxury seats have blankets and pillows which I LOVE.. But I had to ask after about 20 minutes into the movie and then they brought me a only a blanket. This was one of the things I was looking most forward to. Also we ordered too much food and had ask 3 different people for the container that they told me at the beginning they gave if we ordered to much and even then we had to go in and out the theater to get a container. Last, the pen they use to sign for credit card purchases. The light is actually on the other side of the pen so you have to keep flipping it over to see where you are writing in the dark which is amusing and impossible. Really recommend pens with the light that is one the end of the pen you write with. It was way to dark the see what you wre writing. All in all a great theater and hope they fix those little things that will make it a true A+++
4	Luxury theater pretty much says it all.   It's expensive, but comfortable.  Check out Salt bar for a drink before or after the show. Although tough to have a couple drinks and then watch a movie without falling asleep, but at least you can take the drinks into the theater.  Assigned seats is nice, but you have to buy tickets early to get good seats which takes some planning.  We sat in the 2nd row, which was way too close for comfort.   Not an everyday type of theater, but worth a visit for the novelty alone.
3	I ordered our tickets online, but what really happens when you get there, they charge your credit card  and you sign the credit slip there and receive your tickets.The seats where really huge and I couldn't reach the floor. When I reclined, I could sense the feet from the people behind me. We occupied two seats on the right side, premium area. You would think that they would have a tray to go between us...nope...we had separate swing out tables. The sound system was excellent and the popcorn was okay. This is something that I would do every once in a while. If there is a movie that you really want to see, this is the place to reserve your seat.
1	I went to iPic for the first time with a group from work. We had planned the event for a couple weeks, and were going to enjoy a movie with appetizers and drinks in the afternoon.The theater was just fine. I had no complaints with the seating arrangements or the cleanliness of hte theater. What we did experience, however, is something that needs to be addressed.We were told that, along with our movie ticket and appetizers, we'd be getting a buttered popcorn per person. This did not happen. We were given no popcorn, and for a business that states that it's included, this is unacceptable. Even an offer would have been appreciated.We all ordered off the menu, and many of us tried different items. The food, for the most part, tasted okay. Unfortunately, after the movie and as the afternoon progressed, a few of us started to not feel well. Of those of us who got sick, it was because we ate either the chicken flatbread or the sliders. We had upset stomachs and additional issues, and felt weak and queasy all afternoon.Also, attached to iPic is the bar Salt. A week later, my work decided to have a happy hour function at Salt to try out the new place. Unfortunately, the service was awful. With a group of 20 of us, you'd think that a server or bartender would come serve us right? Wrong. We were standing around for 20 minutes without any acknowledgment of our presence. Finally, after one person asked for a server, they sent over one server to take all our drink orders while 2 other servers and 2 bartenders stood around not doing anything. Then, the drinks took entirely too long to make.Along with this experience, we had preordered some appetizers with the manager beforehand. Not only did he not place the order, but when he was tracked down for them, he said he'd take care of it right away and didn't. Then he hid in the back and wasn't heard from the rest of the evening.We will definitely not be going to this place again, which is unfortunate for them, as we work right across the street and have these events pretty often.Do not go for the food or the service. You'll be disappointment (and made sick) by each.
3	Definitely would go again for something different but not all the time. First, the chairs were amazingly comfortable. Points for that. Second, the food is okay. You don't get free refills on soda (which is ok i guess) and the popcorn is mediocre. We ordered calamari and chocolate cake. The sauce for the calamari was delicious but the chunks of calamari were HUGE and made me feel sick after a few bites. The chocolate cake was good but mostly frosting and VERY rich. It was still fun to order food and they had very impressive options. My complaints? While the seats were comfortable the hand rail on the side was annoying. I am a short person so maybe that's why it was in the way of the screen. Just a little section on the left side of the screen had it in view (we sat on the right side of the theatre in the premium seats.) I was just bugged because you'd think that they would have taken that into consideration? Also, I got hit in the head with a blanket when the person in front of me reclined and put his blanket on. Overall: A fun experience for maybe a special movie but I'll be going to Harkins on the regular. We will go back but only once or twice a year as ticket prices are spendy!
3	First of all, this is not a place I would go to often since I don't have money to burn. However, it is a fun place to go once in a while & switch it up from the "normal" movie going experience. My girl Vanessa & I had planned a girls night & decided to check out Ipic for dinner & a movie. I'm glad she suggested we book our tickets early. It was a Tuesday & the Gold class seats ($17.50 each if you're a member-sign up for free on their website) were about 50% booked for the No Strings Attached (kinda cute but overall lame movie!) showing on Friday at 7:30pm. I got to Ipic around 7pm & dropped my car off at valet (which is included w/the Gold class seating price). V was already there at Salt having a cocktail. Apparently the bartender named some fruity vodka concoction after her & it was really yummy so I said I wanted one too. I guess he thought I meant my own signature cocktail b/c he made me a completely different drink. I can't tell you what was in it b/c he didn't say & I didn't ask, but I saw him spray what I think was rose water b/c there were 2 rose petals floating in my drink. It was pretty good but the "Vanessa" was better. I'm not sure how much he charged us for the drinks since the dude Vanessa was w/paid for them.Our movie was about to start so we brought our drinks w/us into the theater (I loved that we could do that!). We were escorted to our seats & were brought out blankets & pillows. The seats were so dang comfy! The blankets were super soft but I was weary to put the pillow behind my head since it didn't have a case on it, but that's just me, I'm sure they were fine. Previews were about to start so we quickly scanned the menu & decided on the nachos w/chicken ($10) & calamari ($12), V ordered a glass of red wine ($12 for 5 oz) & I ordered a glass of champagne ($8). Soon after we placed our order we received our free popcorn, it was ok, not as good as Harkins/AMC. The food was nothing special & it's hard to eat in the dark w/out spilling on yourself, so we only had a few bites each & I took the rest home to my hubby. When I come back I think I'll just stick to drinks & skip the food altogether. I'd love to come back w/my hubby for a date night & also stop by the champagne bar next door.
4	pricy but well worth it. several full bars in the lobby, reclining armchairs,  "in seat" service and more. imagine combining dinner and a movie in a uber slick setting and that's iPic. I was swooned :x
3	Beautiful lobby with cafe, wine bar, restaurant, and cocktail lounge (Salt). The experience of our group, however, was less than positive; nothing 'flows,' wait staff is borderline surly, and be careful on the iPics website ordering advance tickets; we wound-up in the front row, unintentionally. The manager, Phil, graciously refunded our 4-tickets and offered to buy us drinks (we declined, but appreciated the offer). Definitely worth checking-out iPics if you haven't been; proceed with caution is my best advice :-)
5	I'll never go to a regular theatre again (if I can help it)! FInally, I can watch a movie and enjoy wine in luxury - and I'm not talking about my couch.  I'm surprised it's taken so long for this concept to reach Scottsdale, but am glad to see it's here.  And in the Scottsdale Quarter no less.I highly recommend going for the "Gold Class" seats as opposed to the 'Premium' seats: confusing, but the Premium seats are the basic, and  for only a few dollars more the Gold Class seats come with free popcorn, free valet, AND.... in-theatre service!!!  Not to mention the large couch-like seats electronically recline to a position that can only be described as sitting up in bed; and the kind host will offer you a pillow and blanket. Yes, please!  They serve Salt's full menu, and the wine list is pretty decent.  My friends and I had a wonderful time, the service was excellent, and the food and wine spectacular.  If the movie was bad, I didn't mind. Two-thumbs way up!
5	Heard only a little bit about this theater and thought I would check it out. The experience was awesome! Free valet, great atmosphere/decor and I love the fact you can bring drinks and order food from your chair. The seats are amazing...I'm 5'7" and the seats fit me perfectly. I wasn't hungry (we had just come from dinner) or thirsty but they gave us free popcorn and so I ordered a drink...because I could! Next time I'll save room for dessert and have that while watching the movie. Great concept...I'll definitely be back. The ticket prices are a bit pricey as far as a movie experience goes (although worth it) so this won't replace Harkins for me. But it is fun to do for a special treat!
3	I heard about this place the same day I went, so not too many expectations. First off, the place is designed beautifully. However, it's a little unfortunate that kids, who seem to have no idea what they're doing, work there. We were greeted by a girl who was nice enough, but seemed to be confused as to why we were there (really?). The website asks viewers to come a minimum of 30 min before the movie starts. I'm pretty confused as to why since we weren't allowed into the theater till 5 min before it started. The boy that led us in was so stressed about saying the right things that he seemed totally confused as to the words that were actually leaving his mouth, very off putting and I couldn't wait for him to leave. Drinks weren't bad (or too pricey). We ordered calamari; not worth however much we paid, plus after the lights went down it was pretty difficult to see exactly what I was eating.Overall, not a total waste! Ha...don't get me wrong, they started off pretty rocky but it was definitely an experience. I most probably wont be coming here every time I want to see a movie but once in a while wouldn't be a bad thing.Try it out for yourselves, a one time experience here never killed anyone and you may fully enjoy yourselves.
5	Love this place! Good service, better food and comfortable seating. We sat in the deluxe reserved and had dinner...Caesar salad, Chinese rolls, Maytag blue cheese chips, filet sliders and drinks...Make it a play night and invite friends to go with...laughed, ate and would have just spent the night - but another show as coming up...oh well next time.
5	Best place to see a movie - hands down!  Pricey? A bit BUT -- just make sure first to go on-line and sign up/join (it's free - they only want your email addy) and you automatically receive discounts.  So, ok - you pay $9 at the reg. movie theater, right?  At iPic it's $17.50 BUT (don't choke - hear me out) ...... that also includes: free valet parking, free popcorn & m&m's and the luxury, ultra-comfy seating, silk pillow, blanket and someone to wait on you!  You would easily pay $8.50 more for the popcorn & valet alone.  As a working Mom the idea of relaxing with a movie, excellent food & libations and someone else serves, prepares & cleans up is a no-brainer for a great night out!  No, it's not really the place for a budget conscious, family night out ---- there are already places for that anyway.  If you want a fabulous date night that's not the same old boring restaurant or night club then give iPic a whirl -- you won't be disappointed! P.S. I highly recommend the filet mignon sliders - 3 to an order w/chips is more than a filling & elegant movie munch.  With a Cosmo?  Heaven!
5	I feel so spoiled after seeing a movie here! You get to sit in either leather seats that are super comfortable or a recliner where the staff brings you food/wine during the movie. It costs almost double the cost of a regular movie ticket, but when popcorn and extra luxurious seating, I'd say it's worth it to take your special someone there. The crowd is also a bit older, so it's pretty quiet when you enter and watch the movie. Seems like people like to dress up and hang out around the lounge which we checked out and thought was alright. I thought the concession stands were cool, bc they had a wine vending machine and the food looked great. Oh and the bathrooms were awesome! I think that was the cherry on top for me. It was just super clean and really sleek looking. Definitely a place worth going to. And if you sign up online to become a member, you get $3 off each tickets, which is easy enough to do =)
5	Membership has its privileges! This is definitely the creme de la creme of movie theaters. Coming to iPic was more than a new date spot, it is an experience. Posh and plush!!!! The experience comes with VIP accommodations; valet, a server, popcorn, reclining seats (you go online and choose your seats) as well as a restaurant and bar/ lounge.I took my entire office staff out to iPic and everyone loved it! Now, they all cant seem to stay away!
5	Hubby and I were looking for a time-killer while in Phoenix for a friend's wedding this weekend.  We were pointed to the iPic with glowing recommendations, so decided to catch a movie.Wow.We are from LA, land of movies, so you'd think we'd have access to the finest in movie-going experiences out there, but the iPic blew it all out of the water.  Beyond the stuff everyone else is talking about (huge, comfy recliners, order-at-your-seat food and drink + free popcorn), I was also pleasantly surprised by the picture and audio quality (not TOO loud, which is always my complaint at movie theatres) - though I would say they could stand to have bigger screens.  When you buy the pricier ticket, you sit in the back, and the screen is much smaller than the average (at least at that distance).  That is the singular complaint I have about this theatre.Our food was great.  We got a flatbread and mushroom sliders to share, and it was delicious.Also, the staff deserves kudos.  Everyone, from the front desk to our in-theatre wait staff to the random guy who intuited that I was looking for the restroom and pointed me in the right direction with a friendly smile, was top-notch.  I hope they pay them well, because they deserve it!
5	This place is off the hook! It is so definately worth the few extra dollars for the few hours of luxury...and to be pampered and waited on while watching a movie.We indulged in the automatic wine dispensers in the lobby. They were offering wine tasting/sampling prior to purchasing.We ordered dessert off the menu (oreo ice cream cake). We had dinner at the TKs Urban Tavern here in the Scottsdale Quarter (separate review).The chairs are so comfortable... pillows and blankets are a nice plus.It was a great indulgence!As other reviewers here have stated... this is a nice once in a while date night out.
5	that.... was.....awesome.
4	My girlfriend and I went here after hearing about it for awhile now. All I have known about this place is the price and nothing really else.Well my sister and her boyfriend invited us out for an evening at this theater. After trying to get to tickets to the same show as them it was impossible (waited too long) we decided to try it anyways. Being my birthday weekend I decided to splurge a little extra. So I bought tickets to a movie for myself and my girlfriend. Arriving at the theater....well it was hard to find unless you know where it is. Valet parking is apparently complementary...yet we did not know until till arriving at the theater. I opted for the VIP seating. Why not...spend the extra $4 to have a super comfy seat and waiter service? Birthday after all....After finding the place in the Scottsdale quarters it was quite easy. I bought tickets online so the process was simple. Walk up to the counter and get our tickets. The front counter person was extremely pleasant. After getting our tickets we wandered around checking out the bars within. If your a wine drinker they have some really interesting machines to dispense your wine. Me being a beer drinker they had a decent selection. Your normal ones, and then some microbrews. Cant complain too bad about the prices either. A little more expensive but yet...your in a movie theater, you should expect that.Get to the theater and sit down. Waiter comes up to us with menus, explains the process etc. We both order another drink and it promptly arrived after we were almost done with our first ones. The seats are amazing...hands down. Super comfy, and you can adjust to how you want to recline. Blankets and pillows are also offered. Nice touch for the whole luxury setting.Would i come back again? Maybe. I really cant seeing spending that much money just to see a movie. It was a great experience and we both left very satisfied. But the price gets to me. It is definitely worth checking out once or twice, but i cant see it being a regular thing for me.
5	i will never go to a regular movie theater again if i can help it! you can't beat the comfort, the blankets and pillows, and of course drinking some bubbles while you watch a movie. the only issue that comes with this is the mid-movie bathroom break you'll need  - but I could live in those bathrooms, seriously. They went over the top in the loo! So nice.The kids that work there are a little clueless, but they mean well. I haven't eaten at the restaurant or gone to the bar yet, but I will!
4	This Place is Gorgeous! It's like walking into the W hotel. Classy! I enjoyed the trio of burgers, the specilaty cheddar popcorn and the prickly pear margarita poured into a martini glass so you can take the shaker and drink with you while you go watch a movie. Peferct date night.
4	I'll never go to another normal theater again.For real.If I can help it.I LOVED IT!-1 star for the nachos.  I didn't think they were great.... But everything else was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!Loved it.  Really and truly.
4	Highly recommend as a great date night! Sign up as a VIP member for free on line. Pre-order GOLD seats as a VIP member.Go on a Tuesday night if it's your first time. Dress nice like you were going out to a nice bar/dinner. Back row or a two-some recommended. Come early to show, have the valet park your car (part of the GOLD cost). Go to Salt Bar and sit at bar - amazing apps (calamari, flatbread pizza, salads) at happy hour and beer $3, think house wine was $5. Nice tinis too!  Buy a glass of whatever to go at the bar, take your pre-assigned seats early enough to get comfy and get a blankie/pillow. Recline back and enjoy free bags of popcorn. We ordered a flatbread pizza that arrived about when the movie started. Runners can only serve/take orders 15 min into the movie then you're on your own. We saw the Figher but The Kings Speech is still showing too! Afterwards if you're still hungry, head to Tanzy for a late night dinner. Very impressed with venue, although ticket prices are $35 for two on Tuesday nights, I think it's totally worth it with the VIP Happy Hour pricing. We ended up being too stuffed for dinner, so the evening cost us $100. TOTALLY was one of the best date nights I can remember!
4	What an enjoyable way to have dinner and a movie. The experience was heightened by the lovely atmosphere and the more than attentive service. We will definitely be going back.
3	The chairs are super comfy and was nice to have a pillow and a blanket.  The waiter was really friendly at first and said he would provide service through the whole movie, but he dropped the check halfway though and we didn't see him again. The calamari was awful, so greasy! Also, the waiter took the itemized bill out of the check after he ran my card. I think that is shady since I couldn't read it in the dark, it never got to see what I had been charged for.
4	Attending the iPic theater is an indulgent experience! You feel like you're in a posh LA hotel; the design is sleek and futuristic. Did I mention the impressive amenities they offer like the soda-fountainesque wine dispenser?We saw Arthur last night and enjoyed the whole night from beginning to end.  Our server was attentive and informative about what we could expect from him throughout the film. You place your order about 20 minutes before the film starts, you are served 15 minutes in, and the check is dropped another 30-60mins after. Food was good; we ordered Sweet Potato Fries and the Cheesecake dessert. Overall, it's not a bad way at all to go if you have the extra dough to splurge on a movie date.  I would go again but probably only for a special occasion--going too often would take the magic away.
5	This place exceeded my expectations. I went here with some friends to celebrate my birthday last weekend and we all had a fabulous time. It was by far the best movie watching experience I have ever had I think a lot of a the reviewers have already explained the concept and what to expect adequately. So, instead of a traditional review I am going to respond so some of the criticisms and so hopefully justify my 5 stars. It is true that most of the servers in the theater and the staff at the ticket machines and concession stands were all kids. However, I think that is same as any other movie theater; most of the time it is high school or college students working as a part time or summer job. Yes, this means that you can not ask them for their favorite on the list of specialty cocktails or expect them to come up with an educated food/wine pairing for you. However, I think this is offset by the wine dispensing machine in the lobby. You can sample small pours out front to try some of the selections on the wine list before you make you selection for dinner. Another common criticism is that the service was poor and extremely slow. It sounds like maybe they spent the first few months working out the kinks in the system because when we went our server (Elise, I think?) was totally on top of everything. She asked us to order apps, entree, and dessert all at once as well as multiple drinks if we were going to want more than one and said she would bring them out in appropriate sequence and spacing. This allowed the servers to already know what we wanted before the lights went out and so they could silently swoop in and place/remove plates of food and drinks during the movie. There were definitely points at which my drink was empty which would have bothered me if we were in a traditional restaurant. However, since it is a movie theater and I know we will all be sitting there for 2 plus hours no matter what, does it matter if I get my second drink immediately after my first? Or if my sister got her entree after I got mine. No, obviously not. Other reviewers also criticized the quality of the food. Again, I think this is a question of perspective. I loved my bbq flatbread pizza but some of my friends' food was decidedly average. So, if I evaluate this place solely as a restaurant, clearly it is not five-star worthy. But it is not a restaurant, it is a movie theater. So, when I compare it to other movie theater meals I have had in the past (greasy pizza, old hot dogs and soggy nachos) then this place is head and shoulders above the rest. And the prices were not that bad. I spent $60 on the whole night including tickets, food, drinks, tax and tip. Which is about what I would have spent on a regular dinner out. But in addition to dinner we got a really memorable experience. Over two hours of feeling pampered and having a great time with my friends.I think this place is a must-try for movie lovers.  And it is great idea for something different to do on a special occassion with a group of friends or a date.
4	Great setting, seating and atmosphere.  Yes it's great to have a glass of beer, wine etc. and some nice touches like popcorn etc. BUT it is NOT a restaurant and yes, the food is mediocre at best and let's all agree, it is next to impossible to eat, let alone serve in the dark.Most times you go to a show and a movie so I suggest breaking it up and choosing one of the many great restaurants at the Quarter and enjoy the show with a beverage, great seats and have the best of all worlds!
5	Great place!  Tickets include popcorn, pillow and blanket with waiters.  Wow!
5	I LOVE iPIC. I love everything about this joint.  I love the SQ - I love all the people walking around - the shops - the atmosphere.  The restrooms both in and out of the theatre.  It's amazing.  I've told a dozen or more friends and family and will continue to rave about the experiences.  It's just wonderful.  Friday night we went to see Dom, Brian and the gang.  It was pure excitement for me.  We got there early as it suggests that you do and I just like the whole experience.  We got there and printed out our tiks and proceeded to the lounge area.  The music from the bar and just lighting and pretty people is so much fun.  We looked over and on our last visit noticed these new little contraptions over in the concession area.  We watched a guy take his wine glass and get what looked like a shot pour into his glass.  What the???  So I was instantly curious.  Hubby went over and checked it out.  Probably a dozen or more wines in the dispenser.  Everything from white to red and everything in between.  Glasses located on the bottom of the dispensery.  I wanted to try it and was wanting a cocktail anyway and we had time to burn so why not.  I went over with my debit card and started to have a look.  You can purchase a quarter, half or I think 3/4 amounts.  And they range from $1.68 (for a 1/4) and up.  Each wine costs different amounts.  So I continued to browse and when I was just about ready and kid came over and said ma'am (grrrr) these machines don't take regular debit cards - you'll have to go and get a wine card from the concession.  Oh ok.  No worries.  Get in line go get a card and they have a minimum of $10 no big deal.  Did that.  Went over and perused both machines.  Decided on two and went back over to the hubby and enjoyed our glasses of wine.  We finished those and went back for more.  It's kinda fun.  The helpers are a teensy annoying they tend to follow you around the machines but I'm guessing they are just doing their jobs.  It was time for us to be seated.  Vin was waiting!!  We walked into the theater just like I remembered it.  So nice and relaxing.  We were seated and Jake came over right away and told us he would be taking care of us for the night.  What a guy!  Seriously, see whatever movie Jake is working in for the night.  He is attentive, relaxed, on it just a great employee.  After this review I'm calling to speak with the manager and rave.  Good service makes the experience all the better.  He was GREAT.  SUPERB.  Hubby ordered the brownie trifecta and I got the creme brulee cheesecake.  Good lord.  IT was fantastic.  It's still hard to eat in the dark and if you are on a date and don't realize that you spill something - it just gives you a good reason to experience the WONDERFUL restrooms.  The whole room is fantastic.  It's so AWESOME.  I love this place.  I wouldnt mind going every weekend. It's just that awesome.  I'm kinda pissed I never had the idea.  Go to iPIC, make sure Jake takes care of you and dont forget to get a glass of wine.
5	ok, this place totally caught me off-guard. Visited my sister-in-law over the weekend and she recommended going to the movies. I figured it would be a nice theater because it's new and located in the nice Scottsdale Quater. But, I didn't realize that it was connected to a Vegas-style lounge/bar and was like a lounge inside the theater itself! They even have ushers to show you to your seats. I couldn't believe they had wine-tasting dispenser machines (classier than it sounds), and that you could take your glasses into the theater with you! We didn't get the VIP seats, but our reserved seats were great! I think that a theater like this would be an instant hit in the SF Bay Area, and I only wish I had the capital to invest in one. I could image it would be great for a date-night. Yes, the tickets are pricier than normal, but it's all about the experience, right? Regular theaters where you're fighting for the armrest with the stranger next to you sucks. iPic is awesome.
4	The only gripe I have here is that my 3D glasses were kinda scummy, and no matter how many times I dipped my straw into my glass, and cleaned them with my napkin, I just could not get them cleaned off completely.Imagine sitting in a huge, comfy chair with a glass (as in, used to be sand) of ice cold liquid, a gourmet flat bread pizza brought to you by a server, all you can munch popcorn and a little button you push to recline your chair, while you watch a first-run movie. This is the experience at iPic Scottsdale.It was Thor 3D. The sound was amazing and the picture, though a little fuzzy because of my scuzzy glasses, was awesome.  For me, it was the whole experience, not focusing on how good or bad the food was, or how good or bad the service was, but I rate iPic on these criteria:  My ass. In a recliner. With a cold one. Brought to me by a waiter. And a pizza. Brought to me by a waiter. Watching a brand new movie. In Scottsdale. If my 3D glasses were clean, instant 5 star. 4.5 as it was.
5	I really think this is the best movie theater experience I have had since seeing U2360 3d on Imax.My lady and I went and saw Something Borrowed. The movie itself was eh, but I really did not care.I got 2 tickets for $25 a piece, which included waiter service and a full menu. Complimentary popcorn is included as well as reclining sofa chairs, and pillows, and soft blankets.  Thought it was an awesome experience.  The food cost is separate and it is restaurant prices. We had a flatbread BBQ shortrib pizza like thing and it was good.  We actually ordered food before we went in, and I am thinking that we should have just ordered food right from our seats.  Still a GREAT experience and a great date idea.We went to Tanzy which is right next to the place and found that to be a great appetizer experience with an open air setting.  We also hung around Salt was well which is connected to the Theater.Great experience. Cant wait to do it again.
5	OK, I was really hoping to not like this place because let's face it - $25 a pop for movie tickets is crazy, right?However, I LOVED IT, I AM SPOILED FOREVER .  No other theatre experience will ever measure up now.  We saw Pirates of the Carribean 4, which was pretty much the summer brain candy you'd expect.  However, having a comfortable chair, service and drinks during was so nice.  As we went to an early show (dinner at Eddie V's after - separate review) we just stuck to the popcorn which was fine.  The menu looked interesting, however I would have liked to see some candy or something too.  That was offered at the counter I beleive, but not on the menu for in-theatre service.  Next time I'll ask or get some ahead of time, and there will be a next time!
5	There is really NO better way to watch movies! The staff are phenomenal, the food is the BEST and you can even have wine straight from an amazing vending machine. This places is so high tech and luxurious it makes the Jettson jealous! Take your moving going to the next level and get your tickets NOW!
5	This place rocks!!   To be able to kick my feet up, drink my wine, have a blanket handy, and watch a movie was a great experience.  I only tried the dessert so maybe next time I'll try some of the pizzas.
4	My girlfriends and I came last week to watch Bridesmaids on a Thursday night. We bought the tickets online to reserve our seats. The $17 seats (personal wait staff, free popcorn, pillow and blanket) were sold out, so we got the $14 seats. This place is located on the second floor by Narcisse and next to Tanzy (shares a lobby by the concession stand). That place was packed! The decor is posh and upscale, club-like, with plush seating throughout. We got in line to get some food and were in line forever!!!!! There was only one cashier and it took so long to get through. Annoying when trying to make the start of the movie. Anyway, they had a variery of hot food you could order, beer/wine, typical movie snacks, and a display case with additional snack foods (cheese/fruit, hummus and chips, tiramisu, salad, etc). My chips and hummus were $9 but I expected it to be a little pricy. To be honest, I wasn't digging the chips at all and would have preferred pita bread or pita chips. The leather seats were very comfortable and I liked the tray table that could be moved however you like. We really enjoyed ourselves and I think the experience was worth the cost of the ticket. They need to become a little more streamlined in the handling of their concession stand, though.
5	Best cinema experience ever! Once you visit - returning to the mere mortal-dom of regular cinema's will forever be marred by your knowledge of the other side. My husband and I went to see two films this week - one in the cheaper option seats, and the second in the high end reclining section. Both great - the higher end well worth the extra splurge - table service for the first 20 minutes, complimentary popcorn, pillow and blanket. The lobby and surrounding eateries have a high end feel to them - perfect for a pre or post imbibe. Thank you cinema gods for increasing my opinion of the humble Sunday night film session!
4	Great atmosphere to see a movie!  Comfortable and relaxing seats.  Pricey, but will be worth it when I plan on seeing a new release anticipated for weeks.
5	Wow.  Just wow.Huge fan of this place.  The entire facility is super swanky and the staff are all friendly and helpful.  This is a perfect place to blow some money and is a great treat every once in a while.This was our first experience at a theater like this so my wife and I went the whole 9 yards.  We got the upgraded seats, drinks and lunch.  Although the salad and flat-bread were excellent, it was too difficult to eat in the dark.  It was a stupid idea and I should have known better.  Next time I'm just going to stick to the free popcorn and have a cocktail outside in one of the attached bars (Salt or Tanzy).
1	My 1st. experience here was pretty good up until I looked at my online bank statement and saw that they charged me 3 times.  I was expecting a charge for the tickets and another charge for our food, but there was a random $61 charge tacked on there.I submitted an online contact form through their website and included all the details that showed up on my Wells Fargo statement.  When I submitted the form I got an automated response that said they would get back to me within 2 business days.  Those days have come and gone and it looks like they just don't care.Next I'm going to call the theater directly and see what happens.  I'm sure I'll get the usual run around with idiots who pretend to care but really can't do anything except transfer me to another department where I will leave a voice mail.  This cycle will most likely continue for weeks.
1	So I called and was told somebody would call me back.  It has been 3 days and still no call back and there is still a random $61 charge from iPic on my bank statement :(
5	iPic has a funny way of making a Box Office SMASH seem like the best movie of the year! Mi amor&I went to check out this new hot spot several months ago and bought tickets for *insert sub par Vince Vaughn movie here.* Checked in for our reservation at the front desk and proceeded to the snack bar. What's a movie without yummy snacks, right?! The wine dispensary is a nice touch, but I went with a Sugar-Free Red Bull. Oh, and chocolate covered strawberries?! Don't mind if I do! The whole place is absolutely stunning, however the BATHROOM is amazing! It has an Old Hollywood glamour feel that reminds me of what Marilyn Monroe's powder room might have looked like! The big leather seats reduce cuddle factor, but are super comfy. It's kind of close quarters & at times I worried that my feet were too close to the person in front of me, but hopefully that's a little glitch they can fix in iPic Phase II :) Overall this theater is divine & gives all other wannabe luxury theaters a run for their money!
5	I HATE THIS PLACE!!!!!I mean who created luxury theaters???? I've been twice and now because of this place I am ruined now from the other theaters.... So now when I want to see a movie I have to come back here.... Plush seats that recline, free valet parking, free popcorn, good service, good food.... Come on someone stop them!!!! But really great place and for the money hey it's a theater you know it's gonna cost you!!! But with a membership tickets for the upgraded premium seats is $17.50 ($14.50 + $3.00 for the upgrade) or non members pay $17.50 for a standard seat...This place will spoil you!
4	Such a fun date experience! So comfortable and seriously worth the extra ticket price. Not only was the theater posh, the lobby and whole experience was hip and luxurious. My boyfriend and I upgraded to the premium plus seats. Be sure to sign up for a membership on their website -- it's free and saves a lot! Our premium seats, with the upgrade price, came to $17.50 each for a Tuesday afternoon flick. It included popcorn (we each got a huge bag!), an ultra comfortable reclining chair, and a pillow & blanket. My boyfriend, who is very picky on what he considers a comfortable seat, was in love with the comfort! That says a lot. The theatre was kind of warm when we walked in but they must have turned the temp down quickly because it was 115* outside and shortly after the film started I was cold and in need of my blanket. Nice!We ordered dessert from a friendly server right from our chairs. I got the chocolate cake, which was really rich but very delish, and my boyfriend got the brownie ice cream sandwich which was huge and could easily feed 2-4 people. The brownie was a bit tough, but he still said he liked it. I believe each dessert was $7-8. We also ordered waters. Our desserts actually came before the previews started. I was surprised by this as it seemed most reviews said it came 20ish minutes after previews. I wish I would have specified for it to not come right away. Oh well, no biggie. I'll know to do that next time so I can enjoy dessert with the movie playing!It would be nice if there was more room between rows -- we didn't have anyone behind us,  but I can easily see how it would be hard to not kick the person in front of you/be kicked in the back of the head from someone behind you when reclining. The guardrail from the aisle was also obtrusive & kind of annoying.I would definitely go here again! Very fun date -- not just the movie but also the bar in the lobby and overall atmosphere. I won't see another 3D movie there though. Theater was kind of small so it made me kind of dizzy and the glasses were uncomfortable after awhile -- boo. Overall, 2 thumbs up! Will be back for a special occasion or a cool movie I really want to see. Well worth admission.
5	This place is SO FUN! I took my fiance there for his birthday. We got the upgraded seats which were so worth it. We both had such a good time! The food was great and everything was so reasonably priced. We spent less on food and drinks than we would have if we had gone out to eat before the show.
4	I've been to AMC, and I've been to Harkins. I like different aspects of both. However, this theater was so luxurious that I felt incredibly spoiled. A cousin and I went to see the latest and last Harry Potter here for midnight, and we loved it. We arrived about an hour and a half early, so we waited in their cocktail lounge. It was like being in a small club, just not as loud and obnoxious. On the other side of the lobby is a small restaurant with "chef inspired cuisine". We didn't go into that part. We did, however, order food from there while we were in our seats in the theater. Yes, we ordered ale battered chicken strips and truffle fries while we were sitting in our seats for the movie. The tickets we bought were the premium plus. The price is 17.50 (there is also the 14.00 ticket which get you a comfy leather chair) which is 10 more than I'm used to spending, but it includes reserved seating, a lazy boy like chair, free popcorn and drink, a blanket, a pillow, and comfort beyond any theater I have been too. The food wasn't amazing, especially for the price, but it was decent and worth the convenience. Down sides? When we were in the bar, we ordered 2 shots for each of us. The total bill was about $36. The drinks were not anywhere near worth that price, and the service was quite slow. I thought maybe it was just busier than it seemed, but our waitress was hardly ever anywhere to be seen. In the theater, the seats are luxurious beyond measure, but there is a tray table on each that can be somewhat annoying and in the way. The staff is generally quite friendly. The hosts at the front desk seemed a little snobby and pompous, but everyone else was very helpful and welcoming. This theater really was amazing. I felt a hell of a lot richer here than I actually am. Where is the downside of that? It was an amazing experience. I am already planning on another trip here. It's a great staple for a date night. I definitely couldn't afford to got here more than once or twice a month, and it's further than I would like to drive for a movie. If you want that luxury feeling, sit in your reserved seat, order a cocktail and some tasty cuisine, recline and melt into the most comfortable theater seat around.
1	It has now been over a month with no call back about my issue.  I still have a $61 charge that has not been reversed.  Wells Fargo is dealing with it now and I can't wait to see them produce the receipt with a random signature on it that doesn't belong to me or my wife.Anyway, there are some pretty shady idiots at this joint for sure.  It is a nice place but make sure they don't screw up and put somebody's tab on your card because you will NEVER be able to get in touch with them to fix the issue.
5	Clean, No Lines, and Alcohol! It doesn't get any better than this to go see a movie. Obviously a bit more pricey than going to the regular movies but for what you get it is worth it. Comfortable leather chair with a table ordered a bucket of coronas and sat back and relaxed.Perfect place for a date with the wifey. Reverse happy hour on Thursday and ladies night just as an fyi.
5	This is by far the best movie theater I have ever been in. Why you may ask? 1) reclining chairs 2) soft blanket and pillow (I am usually cold in theaters so this was awesome) 3) PLENTY of leg space 4) it wasn't crowded as they don't even have many seats in the place 5) complimentary huge bag of popcorn 6) they come and take your order and bring it out to you The prices are a little high, but make sure to sign up for their free membership. This will save you some money ( I think $3) and give you a free movie ticket on your birthday. Coming here is def a treat. PS. there were no annoying loud making out teenagers in the place, which is def a perk from other movie theaters
5	For those of you wanting a cheap getaway, please turn away now.For those of you with loud and obnoxious children, please turn away now.That being said...Welcome to Arizona's finest movie theater.  Located in the heart of Scottsdale Quarter, this movie theater features some fantastic perks.  These include:A full bar with plenty of special drinks to choose from;A gourmet kitchen with delicious entrees and to-go snacks;Very casual atmosphere, very clean, very elegant.This is the place to be if you want to have a special occasion, as they do not give you anything less than 100% excellent service.I do suggest that you sign up for a free membership on their website, as it does give you some very nice perks.Now, the movie that I just recently attended was Captain America, the First Avenger, in 3D.  Let me describe to you the experience.You start your journey by walking into the movie theater.  Before you get into the theater, there is a table with tons of 3D Glasses waiting for you to take one.  These glasses are not cheap; they are electronic and provide for a great movie-watching experience.Once you get into the theater, you immediately recognize two different sections, both very classy.  The first section is the Premium seats, in which you get to enjoy your movie in the comfort of a nice, leather seat.If you are willing to pay a little more money, though, you get to sit in the Red Leather Chair section, known as the Premium Plus.  Here's what you get with the Premium Plus:1.) A great size, fully electronic reclinable chair, with footrest included.2.) A pillow and a blanket, for added comfort.3.) Waiter service, in which you can order any food item and any drink, and they will bring it to you in the theater.4.) A free (LARGE) bag of Popcorn, priced at $6.00 if you were to purchase it seperately.Need I say more?The experience is fantastic, The Salt Bar is exquisite, and the restaurant is quite excellent as well.  If you want the greatest movie experience that you will ever have, then visit this theater.P.S. Don't forget to give your valet ticket to the iPic employee that checks you in.  They validate your ticket free of charge, saving you a $6.00 valet fee.
5	Ultimate in Luxury Cinema. The chairs are as comfortable as my bed, the AV system rocks, and the food I had was pretty damn good. Excellent date night spot.
5	I will never see a movie any other way. This place is going to put cinema supper club out of business. Food:  From Tanza - excellent. The trick is to get there 20 minutes early so you get your food early and you're not eating in the day.  I've been here a few times now, and I haven't any complaints.  Even the wait-staff is incredibly friendly. Alcohol:  There is an awesome wine dispenser. How very 2012.  But there's also a bar that serves to ipic - it's called "Salt".  I would like to recommend the el-corazon - unsalted. 2 of those, and I was ready to make out with my husband in the theater. The seats:   It's so worth is to sit in the VIP seating. Seats recline, you get a pillow, and super-soft blanket, and UNLIMITED popcorn. Really?  I'm moving in. Become a member and tuesdays are discount days. Membership is FREE.
5	A truly great movie experience. I went yesterday for the first time, and it exceeded my expectations. It looks more like a nice modern lounge as opposed to a movie theatre. Shoot, the bathroom was nicer than half the clubs I've been to. There is a nice bar called Salt connected to the theatre- try the mojito with Malibu!So here's a few of the perks Ipic has to offer:-Buy tickets online, and choose where you want to sit.-Become a member free, and get discounts on tickets and food/drinks.-If you upgrade your seats you get reclining chairs - pillows and blankets available upon request. Though regular seating was very comfy as well.-there's a wine vending machine!-lots of food options.-they even sell buckets of beer.Located right smack in the middle of the Q in N. Scottsdale- if your a movie buff definitely check this place out!
5	We splurged and went to iPic for the midnight showing of Happy Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 (it's ok to be jealous.) We had never been there before and while we have visited similar theaters in other cities, we didn't quite know what to expect from iPic. From start to finish, this was a wonderful experience. So wonderful that I think I am ruined for regular movie theaters. We bought the upgraded seats which are comfy recliners that come with a blanket, pillow and your very own popcorn. The wait staff was very helpful and although we didn't order food, our drinks came out very quickly. It is a bit costly...at $25 for one of these seats it is not something we will be doing every weekend. But for a special night out or a midnight premier (you don't have to wait in line as your seats are reserved) this is a great option! We will be back!
4	Although expensive, it is definitely a cool experience.  We ended up purchasing the upgraded seats for Transformers in 3D. The showing was fantastic, and the service was excellent. The 3D glasses were premium quality as well.  We ended up having food and a few cocktails.  If you go this way, you could be looking at spending over $100 for the night, easily!  If prices were a little more reasonable, this would be the perfect movie experience!
5	Now this is the way to do a movie theater. Hip, Cool, Trendy layout, cool bar. And the seating, feels just like a Lazyboy! Super cute smiley staff. The only downer was the movie I saw, Apollo 18, go see something else and you will have a great time.
1	The quality of the picture sucked. Honestly, it wasn't even close to as good as my tv at home. Plus, the movie theater tries to screw you over when you book tickets through the website - the entire booking / reserve seat process is literally backward. What appears to be the front of the theater is actually the back. Therefore, we were WAY too close to the screen when we thought we were going to be in the back. It wasn't a good experience, gave us a headache, and wasn't worth 2 bucks much less $18.50 per person. What a ripoff!!!!!! If it wasn't for the buckets of beer, this experience would have been worthless. I will never go here again. Complete waste of money.
5	Although I'm giving five stars please keep in mind that this place is not cheap but it's completely worth it!I discovered this place by word of mouth. My mom's friend kept raving about this amazing "Cinematic Experience" I went online and did a little research. I decided to splurge and get two premium seats for a Mommy/daughter date on a Sunday afternoon. First off, let me say that you'll want to get the premium seats because they lean back AND you get to put your feet up! We got to order lunch and have it brought out to us. We also had popcorn, a drink, pillow and a blanket. This was all included in our package, except for the food of course. I had the grilled chicken flatbread and it was pretty tasty. My mom had the sliders and fell in love! All in all it was an amazing experience. I would like to go back and try their "Wine Bar". This is definitely a place for dates and for once in a blue moon occasions.
1	I see the appeal of iPic, but this is the most overrated movie-going experience ever.  We went to see Moneyball and had to get reserved seats in the front row.  I thought there was no way the front row of an iPic theater would be as bad as a regular movie theater, but I was wrong. In fact it was worse because the high seatbacks wouldn't let you comfortably look up at the screen.  In addition, the servers were rude and everything was incredibly expensive.  We spent $70 for 2 tickets to sit in the front row of a movie theater and drink one glass of cheap wine each.  Not worth the "upgrade" to a large leather seat.  Stick with Harkins or AMC for a fraction of the price.
2	Just an update on my 3 experiences with iPic:1) Great venue, beautiful, clean, gorgeous restrooms, pleasant wait staff & good food.2) Saw 'True Grit' in Jan. 2011 - $17.50 per seat on a Saturday afternoon @ member price (personally purchased 4 seats & had 2 friends join us for a total of 6 seats) had great food - filet mignon sliders (3 sliders per order) WITH chips $15. Also - had a cosmo $9.00. AND - everyone got their own small FRESH popcorn bag.3) Saw 'Harry Potter' 7/15/11 - $25.00 per seat (purchased 4 seats) - food still good but was told no chips or fries w/filet mignon sliders and price went up to $17.50 because you get 3 now instead of 2 (incorrect!). So I had to separately purchase fries! Had a Cosmo - now $10. POPCORN was stale & there was only 1, slightly larger bag for every 2 persons to share!4) Just bought 3 tix for Saturday afternoon matinee show  - AT FULL PRICE OF $27 PER TICKET!! When I asked about the "member price" I was told that all the previously 'discounted member price' tickets had been "promotional" and that the theater was catching up with the pricing at the other locations around the country (true, I checked), except during weekdays & morning weekend shows! Needless to say, I was a BIG fan of iPic previously - telling my friends what a great experience iPic is & justify the $17.50/per ticket with the free valet & free popcorn. Now:  I am no longer a fan.  In fact, the only reason I purchased the tickets at $27 each is because I promised a new, fantastic movie experience to my 80 yr. old mother who will join us. But really folks, in this economy how do they justify raising prices for less quality & quantity when they have been open less than 1 year?  No wonder there were no other seats sold for this show! I certainly hope consideration is given to the fact  that what they were doing in January 2011 was reasonable insofar as cost for goods/services received.  Because charging more for providing less is NOT. I am really hoping that at least this Sat., the popcorn doesn't taste like the giant bag of stale stuff you buy at Walmart and we each get our own bag.
5	This is the most amazing theater ive ever been too!! Its like being in a restaurant, combined with the niceties of home, merged with the most high tech theater system uve ever seen! 3D glasses are electrinic, comfortable, and work really well. A server will meet you as you walk in to the theater, give you a menu where you can order some of the most inovative cocktails from the bar, champagne, wine, and dinner or deserts! We ordered the champagne and cheesecake and it was devine!! Free popcorn with purchase of your showing and you can choose from a recliner or a regular seat, both of which ive only seen in homes, not theaters! Im hooked for life on this place! If you are looking for a decently priced adventure movie, or want to impress the one you love with all the wonderful service, this place is for you! 21+ only. With the price of the movie, and popcorn and drinks at a regular theater, this place is similar in price but comes with popcorn free.  The servers are very attentive, yet do not disturb you during the film. The take orders during the first 20mins of previews and deliver in intervals that you set up. For example, we ordered 2 bottles of champagne, cheesecake, and popcorn. We said, bring the popcorn and first bottle first, and then at the half way point, bring the second bottle, and a little after that bring the cheesecake. She was right on schedule and it was an entirely stress free night!
3	food and service need help
5	The best!  Incredible theatres, seats, screen size, menu.  I can't imagine going back to Harkins or AMC after this experience.
4	Unquestionably the most luxurious movie experience in town.  While the tickets are expensive, being able to recline with a beverage and foot brought to you makes the movie more of an event that you get in the standard, sticky floor theaters.Service is sketchy sometimes...wait staff on some occasions are brilliant and others are missing in action.  STill worth the risk for the overall experience.
5	This is a very wonderful theatre and an awesome experience. I love this place and it definately is worth the extra $$.  I do really wish it was a tad less expensive.  And I wish they served more of the yummy popcorn! It's very good!  The facility is super nice, but someone said there aren't kids allowed and I saw a ton of kids coming out of an age appropriate movie with their parents. No complaints, with the appropriate supervision I actually enjoy kids!There are some mixed reviews here, and I have my own...but the overall experience has been 5 star worth.  It's probably really a 4, but it seems like the folks who own these theatres are really working hard for their clients and want this to be a great experience.  Some things still need to be worked out:--The bar is silly, but very gorgeous and comfortable.  We just had horrible service, for no reason - we were 2 of 4 folks at the bar!  One bartender was wonderful, but he just disappeared and never said good-bye. The new bartender never asked us for a refill (their loss) but then the waitress from the theatre came and sat with us and she was so helpful and got our glasses refilled - so we tipped her later, not the  barkeeper!--The birthday policy is odd. It is written down as the week of your birthdya, but actually the free tickets are only AFTER the birthday, not before it?  Not even one night before the birthday. So I am a single mom, married to a professional musician and well...Tuesday is the ONLY day we both have our evenings free this week for our romantic birthday celebration!  So, I begged this awesomely nice person in customer service (Frank Donnelly) and get them to approve free tickets. The managers, Phil Miglino & Valerie Irizarry are on board and giving me a free ticket, so we are going again tonight.  Thanks Phil and Val! :-)-- The chairs are entirely tooo comfortable and we might fall asleep.  It's better than being at home!The best things are:---The chairs - go for it and get the reclining ones if you are going!---The FRESH popcorn (who said it wasn't fresh, total liars...ours was awesome!)---The servers who care! They are so awesome!!!!  I think our server's name was Candace and she was AMAZING. ---The bathrooms are luxurious ---The food is decent and the Tuesday pricing is reasonable for food as well as GREAT for beer and wine!
5	I went here for a girls night out.  We had some drinks at Salt before hand, I recommend the Bangkok Monkey, and then took our drinks into the theater.  The seats were VERY comfy and you had a little table to set your snack/drink on.  Your seats are assigned, so there was no trouble finding a seat.  Only downside is it's a little pricey.  But I think for a special night out, it's totally worth it.  My bum had never been so comfortable in a movie theater :)
5	Love iPic,  just a little pricey for watching a movie. Definitely a special occasion kind of night.
5	iPic can be described in one word: LUXURIOUS! Even the bathrooms go above and beyond! We sat in the Premium Plus seats, complete with blankets, pillows and reclining chair. The second I sat down i said, "Why would you ever see a movie any other way?" (Well probably you would if your dad didn't happen to buy you tickets and a gift card....such as myself)My sister and I split the brie panini and the lemon chicken satay. Both were delicious! My other sister ordered one of the trios of sliders and loved that too! We also ordered sweet potato fries to split for the 3 of us- there were plenty. For dessert, we did the brownie (huge! delish!) and the creme brulee cheesecake (YUM!). I was stuffed and satified by the end. I thought the service was great, but my sisters said they had had better in the past. It would be great for a special date, birthday, or even a bachelorette party. The bar looked like a great place to meet up with friends. Expensive but worth it!
5	This place is the bomb.  The owners pulled out all the stops for a luxurious experience.  I love it when I go into a place that is so wonderfully designed, full of attentive staff that my mind goes into a cold freeze and I'm happy to pay $15 for a movie ticket plus $15 for 3 tiny little burger sliders.  I didn't care what the price was, I was so in love with the experience.  Now that's getting the customer hooked.Saw Twilight Series, Breaking Dawn Part 1 here with 2 other girlfriends and all of us loved it here.  It was the perfect place to see Team Edward or you know, the other team, who?Don't miss out, grab your gfriends or significant other and go check it out.  Perfect place for a date night.
4	I am not a regular movie goer..but this I could get used to..Top notch service from internet booking to check in to some pretty good food and drink service and a really comfortable recliner..A good dinner and a movie date place but it will spoil you for the regular theaters forever..
5	Visiting from San Diego and came here for the first time. Wow, how can I ever watch a movie in a theater again if it's not like this? You know, I even fell asleep during the movie but I dont care - it was AWESOME.
5	This place is very impressive. High class, trendy, and really comfortable. It is double the price as regular theatres...but those are regular theatres. If you want, you can partake in additional services like ordering food or drinks while watching your movie or you can simply just go to enjoy the movie. I dont think all movies deserve the level of attention and class that is offered at this theatre but on special occassions or for special movies, definitely go. If you reserve online and become a memeber you get free benefits too. do it!
2	We went to see The Adventures of Tintin over the Holidays. This was our first experience at an iPic Cinema, and we invested in the "whole experience". Loved the comfy reclining seating, and the food and beverage service. While we will return and give iPic Scottsdale Quarter one more shot (the manager was the greeter...he was awesome), we were disappointed in a couple things:-One of our theater blankets had sticky candy stuck in it-NOT appealing. You would think they would at least have a standard of checking the "comfort" amenities if they aren't offering cleaned or unused blankets. Even the airlines do a better job here.-The bathroom (both men's and women's) were filthy and not maintained. Really?We understand the crowd is a little younger, and there is sharing going on with the  lounge/restaurant up there, but there should be standards maintained for this entertainment center.-The 3-D glasses were heavy and very touchy-if you moved you'd see a blurry screen-the clarity through them not consistent. We both had issues until we figured out how to minimize movement.I love to give great reviews! Hopefully our next experience will be 5 star.
3	This place is NICE.BUT...Expensive. I wanted to do something nice for my boyfriend on his birthday so I took him here and got his ticket price mostly covered for being a member(free sign up). When i say mostly i mean the seat is covered for the cheaper seat and you pay an additional fee for the LA-Z boy type seats that feel like suede. I LOVED THOSE SEATS. If all theaters had those seats I would be in heaven because you do not have to place your feet above the chair in front of you if no one is there or wiggle around constantly to get comfy so you do not cramp up.  By buying the upgraded seats you are SUPPOSED to get a free bag of popcorn, a pillow a blanket and a waiter/waitress to bring you a totally different menu of items than what is available in concession stand/main lobby area.   I had ordered a brownie ice cream dessert type ordeal and it wasn't as amazing as i thought it would be. But i can be severely biased sometimes when it comes to baked goods because that is what i do on a regular basis is try to out do other peoples or restaurants baked goods so i usually do not order them if we go out unless someone else suggests otherwise.The experience would have been a million times better if they had a movie worth watching than the one we had watched at the time(our idiot brother) i honestly feel as though to get the full awesome experience, make sure you go watch something you know will be good and worth spending top dollar on.  Otherwise you will feel not completely satisfied when you leave and furthermore.  Also the service that we received was decent, kind of irritated with the waitress because she never brought us our popcorn and when i reminded her twice the 3rd time back she only gave us one bag i felt so jipped when i spend this much money at a movie theater and food and tip at this establishment how are you going to jip me woman?! Seriously??
5	I have been to my fair share of theaters but this one tops the list. When I first walked in I thought I had entered a restaurant my mistake. You are greeted by a hostess who discusses the current movie choices. You then choose where you would like to sit and have the option of regular seats or the plus section. The plus section is different because the seats recline with a leg rest, better view, and you have a server for the duration of the feature. Unfortunately during my visit the plus section was booked so we settled for the regular seats. I arrived a good thirty minutes before the feature started so I can explored the lobby. There was a restaurant, full service bar, and a concession stand. I headed towards the concession stand because I had to try out the self-service wine bar. I purchased myself a wine card and an order of truffle fries. I had myself a little tasting from a few different wineries; Joseph Phelps, Chateau Montelena, and settled with a glass of Silver Oak.After grabbing my snacks I headed into the theatre and the best was yet to come. Rows of large comfortable leather seats which had tables for you to place all the goodies you just purchased. I got settled in and began to eat my fries and noticed that they had forgot to add "truffles". I began to walk out when a attendant stopped me asked what the issue was and said he would take care of it and I could return to my seat. A new batch of fries were delivered shorty after and then the previews began rolling, no advertisements were up on the screen before previews. The sound and picture quality were superb. The lobby, theater, and restrooms were clean. Staff was friendly and knowledgable. I will definitely visit iPic again when I am in the area.I notice some Yelpers commented on the price of a ticket. For the experience and service I felt that the cost was worth it. This chain of theaters goes above and beyond to push a good product and attracts a classy crowd. My kind of place.
3	"Don't be left in Coach seats when you can experience First Class"I've been here 3 or 4 times and have experienced both premium and premium PLUS seating.  If you are going to come here, BECOME a member online then buy your tickets in the premium plus seating.  You'll get the experience of IPIC at a savings.  (This is when you plan for date night with your wife). You can save up to $8.50 (total price would be $18.50) and get pillow and blanket, free bag of popcorn, and valet parking (Another $6.00 savings). You won't get junk mail, but you may get the occasional spam mail in your e-mail.  DON'T even bother with Premium (nonPLUS) seating. Chairs don't recline and are not comfortable.  You have to bring in your own food that you bought in the lobby.  None of the extras you would get in premium plus.  Your money is better spent at AMC Esplanade 14 or even Harkins theater.  You end up feeling like you are in coach class on an airplane. Seriously.  This would definitely make you look cheap on a date.  Guys take a lesson.  IPIC is impressive in its appearance.  Has the look and feel of a trendy night club and bar. The Restrooms are also trendy as well.  Who would have guessed you needed all that in a restroom as well.  Also, I call it the Wine Vending Machine which is pretty cool and great selection. IPIC is very impressive in the premium plus furnishing, ambiance, and decor. What is not impressive is the food and service.  For what you are paying, the food is anything but memorable.  I guess they feel that if you are watching a good movie in a recliner, liquored up in the dark that your taste buds stop working.  Also when you need your waiter, you have to go out of the theater to get them or wait for them to come around to get their attention in the middle of the movie.  Bad experience especially when they get your order wrong.  AMC Esplanade did get this part right by using a "call button" at your seat.  At least on coach seats on your plane there is one as well.  I would suggest that you spend your money on dinner before the movie outside the theater at the other restaurants, but come in only for your popcorn and desert and drink.  At least this way you have been well fed and can enjoy the IPIC experience.If you find this review useful, cool, or funny please check below.  Thanks.
5	Every movie here has been great!  Sure, it's *NOT* cheap, but its worth it.  This place will literally ruin all of the other movie theaters for you.  It is so nice, clean, and comfortable in there that you won't want to go to another place again!
5	IPic is a great place for date night or a girl's night out. Highly recommend getting the premium plus seats! They recline! Signup online and get your tickets cheaper and advance. You also get to pick your seats, so buying in advance gives you a better chance in getting the seats you want. Getting to drink alcohol and eating a full meal while you are watching a movie is a bonus!
5	To be able to sit in a big comfy chair, eat some good food and drink a beer while in a movie theater is an absolutely wonderful idea. I would highly recommend for everyone to try this even once. The price is steep at $18 a ticket but it's well worth a great experience.
5	The place is wonderful. The workers have a nice additude and always care. The auditoriums are big and the seats are extremely comfortable. A little more expensive then regular theatres, but WAY worth it.
5	We went for a flick on Christmas Eve and what a nice experience.  The food was delicious (buffalo chicken rolls, super-good flatbreads, delicious truffle fries, yummy cheesecake) and the seats were better than home!  We booked ahead and reserved the recliners because not only are they comfortable but they have little blankets and pillows there for one's use.  The servers are very attentive and do a really good job, considering they have to go up and down the stairs a gazillion times.  They even brewed us fresh decaf which made the experience even better because we were able to sip coffee (good coffee) as we watched the movie.  I highly recommend this theatre.  Also, don't forget about the free (except for the tip, of course) valet parking.  Very handy!
1	I've been wanting to go to iPic for a long time and from the outside its just an amazing looking venue. The price is up there and the reviews look great, but sadly my girlfriend and I couldn't get the seats for the movie we wanted and all the others were pretty much sold out too. We searched online last some more for open seating today but no can do. Sorry iPic, its just not in the cards for us.
4	This place is amazing! Since I was kicked out of my house! (my 20 yr old daughter wanted to have a romantic dinner with her boyfriend!) I took the wife out! I have heard about iPic, but never looked into it! So we seen the women in black! (Great Movie) We had the premium seats, which I knew it was a risky move! It doesn't take much for momma to fall asleep! Now of course, my wife had a hard time at first. She is not use to of experiencing some of the luxurious stuff. She is a penny pincher and loves to save. But after she sat down, reclined back, layed her head into the pillow, covered herself in a blanket, and yes kicked off her shoes! I thought there was no way she was going to make it through the movie! We order our diet coke(free refills) we also received free popcorn, and we ordered from their large menu, mozzarella sticks. Every thing was awesome! Food was great, soda, and popcorn was great! Now the only reason why they did not receive a five star!!! The waiter was to loud, through out the movie, he was taking orders, even and the end of the movie, the couple behind us had to ask how the movie ended, since the waiter was trying to get them to pay their bill at that time? They should wait until the movie is over? There is only one way out of the theater, when you exit. But this is a place we (wife and I only) will come back!
5	Best movie theater ever. Reclining seats with blankets and pillows. Free popcorn too. Not to mention during the previews through the first 15 minutes of the movie a server will serve you food (limited menu) and/or beer!It is a little pricey, but worth it for sure.
1	OK, Here goes! Saturday night date- I picked where I wanted to go. Crap! MISTAKE #1.  IPIC  sucked once again and this is the 3rd time I was there! I don't mind spending my dates bucks on high  priced things to do and eat- nor my own money for that matter ,if it means I  get to stay  in my neighborhood-Scottsdale but this IPIC theater  is such a rip off in more ways than one..Here me out! Honestly!We buy the tickets for $54.... and I head for the  bathroom.  A huge line of women in the bathroom (which is gorgeous) BUT--..there is NO toilet tissue in the stalls! The crappiest thing about that is- the women coming OUT of the stalls do NOT say a fking word to the ones waiting in line to use the stalls. Really? And they are smiling! nasty bitches- ya have to wonder now- how clean those fancy loungers really are now with them sitting their un-wiped ass's on the movie seats now. Ok- here is what happens next.  Theater #7, Saturday night ,Feb 25th, 9:30pm  show. We find our seats and once the movie starts- our seats are vibrating like someone is kicking them from behind! I keep looking around and no one is in back of me...then, I realize it's the sound system! Now that is annoying to have to sit in a seat that is vibrating- NOT the good vibrating way (naughty people)  but super annoying way...Ok, next-The sound system was so messed up in this theater that  it actually became an annoyance to sit thru the rest of the movie being tortured by the bad BROKEN sound system that shoots out a high pitch every 5 minutes. Warning too- People that  must drink vino and alcohol in the movies and eat in the movies, are FAT slobs. Just saying the truth. They were making noises, the waiters are getting in the way of the movie screen and they are all  talking loudly cause they are DRUNKEN ass holes- and  then- the smell of their drunken  farts from them stuffing foods in their pie holes and drinking during the movie is disgusting. Hello Cine Capri- here I come-never again to be in the IPIC itty bitty theater of human gas bombs- bringing my own toilet paper  and jiggling in the sticky chairs form the nasty women who didn't wipe their %$#@ in the bathroom.
4	Comfy seats!  Good drinks, just pricey.  You haven't enjoyed a movie till you've enjoyed it with a drink in your hand.
5	A+++++It's expensive but well worth the VIP luxury experience you get. Everything is beautiful and the customer service is superb. I can't say enough great things about iPic. I'm a regular. We just saw The Hunger Games there last week. Hubby ordered the filet mignon sliders and a margarita. I had the mahi mahi street tacos and the rose champagne.  All phenomenal. Our server was quick and attentive and very warm and friendly. We had the creme brulee cheesecake for desert, which was amazing, and timed perfectly so we could eat it as we enjoyed the ending of our movie.Upgrade to premium plus (become an iPic member to save some money) - you get the best seating in the theater, pillow, blanket, free popcorn and valet. Awesome.This is the best movie theater ever.
2	iPic is swanky. It's like a Vegas nightclub inside. You feel like a VIP, and you're within striking distance of the Kierland Cougars. Young, single men...This is where you should be to find a Sugar Mama. When I first saw a movie here, I thought it was the best possible movie going experience. Tickets were between $19-21, but it was such an awesome place that I thought it was worth it.Here's the thing. The nice seats that recline and come with personal service are now $27 a piece. For $27, I can go to a Diamonbacks game, a Suns game, a concert, a show at ASU Gammage...There's a lot I can do for $27. Two people going to a movie, getting a drink and a bite to eat at iPic will run $100, easy. You can become a member which lowers the price of their expensive seats to $20, but that's only valid certain nights of the week. On the weekends? Even members are paying $27 a pop.For me? It's not worth it. There's another place in the area that has larger theatres with better seats, more separation from people around you, more room to stretch your legs (I'm 6'3" and my feet hit the half wall in front of the chair when I'm fully reclined at iPic), personal service, a full bar and good food...Tickets are $12-15, and that's become my go to theatre in the Phoenix area. iPic has cheaper seats, but they don't move or recline, and you don't get the chance to have food/drinks brought to you. For the real experience, you've got to shell out the cash. The service is alright. I ordered a soda that wasn't refilled at all and we placed an order for a dessert that never came (luckily we weren't charged for it). If people are seeing a movie at iPic, I'll tag along. It's still a really nice theatre, and there are some cool perks like free popcorn and a blanket (apparently they're washed regularly), but it's no longer at the top of my list for best places to see a movie.4 star experience, 0 star price point.
4	The bestie and I decided on a whim to check out iPic since we were in the area for brunch and shopping and decided going to dinner would be a bit excessive. One of us remembered iPic was nearby and we'd been wanting to see Titanic while it was in theaters. So we walked in and got a couple "premium" seats for $18.50, and settled in for a great movie.Pros-Impressive lobby areaAbility to choose exact seats(and reserve ahead of time)Comfortable seats with adjustable traySelf serve wine "tower" with good selection(Rombauer chardonnay!)Even the front rows are set back enough from the screen to be comfortableCrazy cool bathroomsCons-Not very user friendly at front desk, maybe because we didn't reserve seatsEmployees don't seem to know much about food/drink menu and were less than helpful when asked for glasses or when wine tower wasn't working.Price point, $18.50 isn't terrible but $27 for the extra special seats (before food or drink)is a bit excessive.Very little self parking available. Valet is validated but there can be a long line.Overall good experience enjoying a glass of wine with the bestie while watching a young Leonardo DiCaprio in comfortable seats. Not much customer service unless you're willing to shell out the big bucks. We will probably check out other theaters with this same concept or visit again on a week night when there aren't the hoards of cougars and people seeing movies in club wear.
5	Overall great experience.Online ordering was easy.Seats were comfortable - far and away the most comfortable movie theatre seats I've ever sat in.  It was like sitting on a Create and Barrel couch in my own living room.  Each seat even included a clean blanket.The image / sound quality was great.The food was excellent - delivered from the restaurant next door.The price (approx $20 for regular seats and $28 for premium) seems reasonable to me -- especially considering how rarely I make it to a movie.It's hard for me to imagine going to see a movie anywhere else in the Phoenix area, unless iPic didn't have the movie I wanted to see.
4	If you are looking to see a movie and have a night out...go to iPic!  My favorite place to see a movie!  Pay for the more expensive ticket at it includes valet parking and popcorn - you add that to the price of the lower ticket, and you have the same price in tickets.A truly FANTASTIC movie experience!!!
4	Must say, by far one of the best theater experiences I had.The facility is clean and very cool to be in. Restrooms were all clean, the staff was friendly and courteous.We live about 20 miles away, but make the effort to goto this theater especially on midnight showings. We don't have to wait in line for 2 hours hoping to get a decent seat when I can go online and order it, drive in at the last minute and still expect a good seat i picked. Which was adopted from California and all theaters should adopt this type of reservation system.  The seats are very comfortable, the premium lower grade seats are very comfy, but the top class seats are beyond awesome as I like to kick my feet up and enjoy a movie. The food was also delicious, just don't remember what I had.Another reason to go for the movie experience is that less people, and the people who are going are there for the movie, not for their friends to talk or hang out as they pay a higher price scaring away all the annoying non movie goers. Overall, very satisfied and will be going back for more, especially Dark Knight Rises..
5	I've been to iPic 3-4 times now, and I really enjoy going. This is my new go to theater for the 3-4 movies that I really want to see every year. The only draw back is the price for the tickets are way too high. For the dining service and nice big seats it's $28, (there are also $20 seats which are located at the front of the theater and don't have waiting service - I personally don't think it's worth it at all to pay $20 for these).AMC Esplanade 14 might not be as upscale, but it's about 1/2 the price of iPic and it's not comparable in quality, but is pretty adequate. I'm hoping this will drive down the prices of iPic a little.Overall though highly recommended.
5	Treated like royalty. After going here, other theaters will seem like slums. This is what the movie experience was meant to be like. Recliners, waiters, blankets and pillows. If you ever have that one movie that you just can't wait to see, see it at the Ipic. AWESOME
4	Nice facilities! The theater is on second level of building. So when you walk up, you immediately feel removed from the hustle and bustle of mall. Walking into this theatre, you have the feeling of entering a swanky night club--the decor is extra slick (almost bordering on cold), but it works, lighting is mellow, and there is open bar. Once in the viewing room, the fun continues... Seats are very plush, recline smoothly, and you even get a blanket with small pillow to maximize comfort. The complimentary popcorn was completely unexpected but nice touch.  Added bonus, even from the furthest back seating-the screen is easily visible.  I notice that the front seats aren't too close either.  So truly, not a bad seat in house.
4	Go for Premium Plus-the reclining seats, service, and blankets make it worth it!  When AZ gets to 115 degrees out, spending the afternoon at iPic is the perfect way to relax and enjoy yourself.  My husband and I get there early to have a glass of wine in the lounge and then move into the theater for a yummy culinary treat and a movie.  We haven't been to another theater since our first visit to iPic.  I do wish they would show foreign or documentary films like Camelview 5 maybe one day a week or in one of their theaters...the only recommendation I have.
2	Ok this place is nice I wont dispute that and I expected it to be expensive but $98.00 for two adults and three kids to see an afternoon kids show almost pissed me off and set the stage for a bad experience.  The next issue is the food I was not impressed at all and when your charging me steak prices for sliders don't give me microwave burgers with no fries and the smallest sliders I've ever seen.  The place looks nice but so does the Studio Grill just down the road at half the price and much better food.  I may bring my wife here for an evening show to give them another chance but all in all very unimpressed with the experience.  Seats and ambiance is nice.
2	A movie theater that charges over $20 a ticket? Who doesn't say wow that sounds great I'm in?My entourage and I were done dominating the pool party at the W Scottsdale this weekend and decided to go watch a motion picture. All of us were tired of Harkins Theatres and their cheap tickets and $1 drink refills. Who needs that I wondered...After making numerous purchases at lululemon, we sauntered up the towering escalator to iPic's glorious entryway. As we entered two Bond girls wearing all black greeted us and asked what film we wanted to see. I chuckled and said I'm surprised you just asked me that.  Isn't Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter the obvious choice for me here? In fact, every iPic theater goer this weekend?Still not understanding how they had sold tickets for movies other than Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter, my shock turned into sheer terror as I soon realized our seats were assigned and I could not choose my own. What does a man have if he does not have free will? Then a grim reality...our seats were in the very back row sunk into the depths of the corner of the theater. This was the equivalent of being the guy behind the guy propping up his sweaty girlfriend on his shoulders at a concert; we could not see. When I asked the waiter if we could change our back corner view seats before the movie he provided me with a puzzled look as if he had spent a day reading most of Twilight before realizing it was not a cool and bloody vampire tale, but instead something far greater.After using most of the money I had been saving in my carbon fiber Terminator themed coin purse, I opened the menu and was further aghast. My god, I bemoaned, $15 for sliders and $8 beers?They did provide free popcorn although that is similar to a Crip giving a Blood back the gun he used to take out another Blood.When the movie ended, I realized three things; one, I had just watched the greatest film of my generation, two, how much better the film would have been if John Stamos played Abraham Lincoln, and three, wow iPic is expensive!Next time I'll take in a movie at Harkins instead. I'll use the money I saved from not going to iPic to purchase Beverly Hills 90210: The Complete Blu Ray Collection or an autographed picture of the greatest fitness instructor since Richard Simmons, Tae Bo's own Billy Blanks.
5	This was by far one of the best experiences Ive had that movies. I was staying in an extended stay close to Scottsdale quarter and came across this place.  Loved the nightclub like atmosphere, premium seats, and full service.  A little pricey but you're paying for the experience.  This is not necessarily where' I'd take a group of kiddos, but definitely for a date or a group of friends.
2	I've got to wonder who goes to the iPic Theaters at Scottsdale Quarter on a regular basis.Movie tickets alone cost $20 for members (membership is free) who want fully reclining seats and a pillow and blanket (regular seats are $15 for members.) Is it really worth that much money to feel like you're lounging at home while watching a movie on an extra-large screen?Compared to the AMC Esplanade 14 in Phoenix, where tickets cost only $6-$15 for everyone, the iPic theater was an extreme rip-off. My ticket to the same movie last night, which was $20 at iPic, would have been $9 at AMC Esplanade-and the food at iPic is worse. But I guess because they're catering to an affluent clientele that visits Scottsdale Quarter, maybe iPic can still survive.The theaters are very similar in that servers take care of all the patrons by bringing them food and drinks throughout the film. I was very unimpressed with the menu at iPic. The most appealing items were a quesadilla and a four cheese flatbread-the quesadilla was laughable, costing $10 but served as a very tiny portion. The flatbread was alright but not spectacular since it was so crispy. The cheesecake brulee dessert was the best part of the meal, but it's not something I'd rave about. Considering the extremely high movie ticket price, I wish the menu had more variety in it.Overall, I would never choose iPic over AMC Esplanade 14. Even though there were empty seats next to us, we were sat right next to another couple and could hear them whispering throughout the film, whereas it seemed like the Esplanade had a more intimate feeling. The menu at the Esplanade is leaps and bounds better, as well, and the ticket price is the most obvious reason to avoid the iPic.
4	I really enjoyed my self at IPic when i went! i had heard from a few friends that i got to check it out! I was impressed with everything but the price! It was really expensive i paid $25 dollars for a movie just for my self! But it was really fun! It was nice being able to pick our seats online and know where we are going to sit even before we get there! The Seats where out of this world! i felt like i was on my lazy boy back at my house! it was cool having a server you are defiantly pampered there.....for a fee! I really enjoyed my self there, i would love to go there more often but it is really expense! i would defiantly go more if the prices where a little bit lower!
5	i love this place!after viewing films here, don't know how i'll be able to return to regular theaters!the premium seats (automated recliners) are super comfortable! the food and beverage service is quick and easy.you get free popcorn and a blanket and pillow too!
5	Pretty awesome!  The prices are kind of steep, but the food is the best I've had at a dining theater.  Try the mahi sliders and calamari (although the cocktail sauce isn't as good as the aoli)!  The sweet potato fries weren't as good - pretty limp/soggy.  The angus sliders were ok.  The coke was awesome (a LOT of places don't have the settings right believe it or not!).  They keep the theater positively frigid so the blanket really comes in handy.  It is a bit dark in there so the blanket also doubles as a bib sometimes!  :P  The screen and sound quality is also tops.Definitely a treat, but so far the best one I've been to!
5	This is a true first class experience (that being said, you are paying for first class!).  The entrance looks like an upscale bar, the bathrooms are gorgeous, the theaters offer plush, reclining chairs (complete with a pillow & throw blanket for each guest)...you might have to pick between watching the film and taking a nap.The food & drinks are pretty good, not outstanding.  Popcorn is included in the ticket price.All in all, if there's a film that you're really excited to see and you want to splurge on an upscale night out, iPic definitely delivers!
5	Before I begin my review, please scroll down to read the review written by Debra S.  PLEASE tell me she was 5 glasses deep while writing that review and MAYBE I'll understand a little bit more.  Anyway, trashy and completely stupid to say the least.My boyfriend and I went to experience iPic this evening and it was the BEST date we had been on in I don't remember how long.  The level of hospitality went beyond my expectations; our server was so kind, articulate, and professional.  Also, I NEVER thought I'd be raving about movie theatre food-it was always something I kind of made fun of.  So, if you plan on going, save the extra money to have that much better of an experience.  It's worth it.  The only problem is I consider every other movie theatre to be a complete dump now, and I can't afford that mentality (yet)!
5	The nicest movie theater I have ever been to, I thought I was in a club and everyone dressed the part.  The cost was pricey...I would not take the kids to a movie here but it is a great date night.  I paid for regular seats online and got to pick my seat.  We bought the steak sliders and cheese pizza and both were really good.  I dropped about $30 on the food and then another $30 on a glass of wine and a tall/double jack and coke.  It is Scottsdale night club prices but also Scottsdale night club atmosphere.  I have to say I liked having this option to spoil my wife and enjoy a nice movie with great comfortable seats and great service.  If I had to complain about something it would be the bathrooms...they are to small and there was a line the 2 times I went.
2	I treated my brother on July 9th to dinner and a movie. Our check in experience and food ordering was great (though extremely overpriced). However, there was a problem with the movie at one point and the sound continued while the picture went dark. This wasn't a huge problem in itself, however I was extremely disappointed with the way the ipic employees handled this situation (or didn't...).Two employees came into the room and stood by the exit while someone was up fixing the movie. They made no announcement to guests and just chatted inappropriately between themselves. I could audibly hear profanity as well as a comment that "this happens about once a month because ---[name of employee I don't remember]--- is such an *f------* idiot." This is extremely unprofessional behavior contrasting with the "classy" environment that ipic tries to promote.Another incident occurred outside of the theater while I was on my way to the restroom. I heard one of the employees talking about when her shift is up and joining a group for shots. This in itself would not have been a major issue to me, but in light of what else was happening that evening I felt it necessary to include. Overall I was offended by the inappropriate behavior of the staff and was extremely unimpressed that no one took control of the situation or offered anything at all to the guests for the disruption. I will NOT be returning.
2	This place is grossly overpriced.  Not even worth the time to write a detailed review.  If you like being ripped off go here.
4	When it's time to go to the movies, this is definitely a good spot to see at movie! iPic is truly a top notch movie theater, but you do pay the price for it. Everything is state of the art, including the culinary options at the counter or to order while watching the movie. They even have a wine fountain where for a certain amount of money, you can choose which wine you want to try and select it yourself to be poured. They have two types of seats here, the premium and then the general seating. The premium are more expensive, but the seats are seriously like miniature couches! They even recline. In addition, you can order food from your seat. The regular seats are also really nice too. I like how you can visit Salt for a couple drinks before the movie, eat at Tanzy and then see a movie. When you're done with the movie, you can stop by Salt for another cocktail or two. It's a really cool date night experience and they offer all the Blockbuster movies. The only downfall is the price. This isn't a cheap night, but they do a good job of providing a quality movie experience.
5	It's hard for me to relax at anything and it's hard for me to just sit around. My daughter and my wife took me here for fathers day 2012. Never had I enjoyed going to a movie as much as I did going here. It is more expensive than other movie theaters but, when we go to ipic for a movie it feels like we have been on a great date! The food is expensive but is very good. This will become a frequent date night spot for me and my wife!
5	I finally broke down and saw my first movie at the famous IPic Theater.  I saw the Bourne Legacy - which was an amazing action packed movie.  My seats were selected by one of the managers in the establishment, as I indicated I had never been, but frequent the bar quite often.  I had no idea what this experience was to hold, but when I walked into my auditorium I was thrilled.  The theater was large, and there was plenty of space between you and the people around you.  I was directed to my seat by staff and sat down to a cloud of a seat that you just sink into.  The chairs recline and you have a pillow and a blanket - are you kidding me? It was a little slice of heaven.  The staff will bring you whatever you want to eat and drink.  The theater was a comfy temperature and the sound system in this place is amazing.  Let's just say when someone shoots a gun in the movie, you feel it. Wow!I am really excited I was able to have this experience.  I recommend that everyone try this at least once, it will change how you view movies from now on.  Thank you IPic for ruining every other movie theater on the planet.
5	Love the concept of this place. My mom and I have been going for a few years now and always have a blast. We start with fun cocktails at Salt. Then we go find our seats (its worth it to pay the extra $$ for the Premium VIP seating). Then we kick off our shoes, order some wine, recline our seats and enjoy. You can also order food there, but we usually go out somewhere else afterwards. Obviously I wouldn't recommend going here every time you go and see a movie but its nice that you can enjoy time out at the movies and really feel like you've done something special. Last time I was there we got free candy served in martini glasses in addition to the free popcorn. Sweet!
1	First of all, I don't know how all these good reviews can exist.  My experience was a combination of all the bad reviews below.  Starting with the fact that it cost $75 for two "premium" seat tickets and two drinks.  That in itself should stop you right here.  We were given a $75 gift card and on arrival paid for our tickets, went to the bar and ordered one drink and one beer, added $1 cash to the card and it was gone.Quite a while after being seated we ordered another drink and appetizers for our dinner.  (Interestingly, at 7:30 on a Saturday night they were out of their most popular and advertised item on the menu.)   Shortly our drinks were brought to us along with glasses of water.  These "premium" seats are like a big upholstered block, with a little tray that swings out in front of you.  My tray was sloped so, since our server never returned, and the condensation on the tray caused the glasses to slide across it, I spent the entire movie juggling glasses.  And because she never took our glasses away, we couldn't move our trays and therefore couldn't move around in the "premium" seats to get comfortable.   Also, good luck trying to recline one of these with the tray in front of you full of dirty dishes. We watched all the people around us getting served by other waiters and pretty soon the lights went down and the movie started and people were still getting served but ours never returned.  More than halfway through the movie, she appeared and asked if we'd like anything else and I told her no, and I didn't want the food we never got charged to our credit card.  She was shocked (although it was HER job) and she wanted to put the order in then which was ridiculous.  Note too that this setup does not have buttons in the seats to call for service such as at the Esplanade.  When leaving, my husband was asked how everything was and he asked for a manager, who of course apologized and asked for my email address so he could send us two free tickets.  He even repeated what I wrote down so I know he got the correct address.  Well here it is a week and a half later and imagine, no free tickets in the mail.  Today I called and asked to speak to a manager, before writing this review, and after holding for 10 minutes, the girl came back and said no one was available to talk with me.  I think there is the problem with iPic; no one is ever available.  Bottom line:  Save a lot of money and go to any Harkins Theater or  the Esplanade dinner theater.  I don't even remember what movie I saw here because I was so busy tending to what they were supposed to be doing.   Big waste of a night and money.
4	I will not see a movie at a different theater after visiting Ipic.  Yes it is more expensive, but you get what you pay for.  My wife and I traditionally go out for dinner and a movie when we can escape from our three children (Don't worry, we love them!).  Ipic allows us to combine these two outings, and when you actually do the math you end up with a cheaper outing.  The premium seating is the way to go, if you don't get premium seating then you have only scratched the surface.  The premium seats are very plush electrically recline, and Ipic supplys you with a (Clean) blanket and pillow.  The food is above average, and the menu is fairly diverse.  Ipic serves alcholic beverages, and I have heard that they are excellent, but I do not drink alchohol so I can't give my personal opinion.  The only reason I did not give four stars is due to the service, which can be a little awkward. I never use credit or debit cards, so I always detect a little petulance in the attitude of the server when I mention I will not be starting a tab.  The staff needs to be a little more patient with those who do not drink, because I will sometimes tip 50% for good service.  That's just how I am, so never judge a book by the cover.
5	Wow a movie should be watched this way!
5	Great atmosphere, beautiful theaters.. although their membership needs some additional perks, love every visit
5	Awesome idea, Great Execution and geez what a high price point for a movie.The premium plus seats are amazing, even better when someone else pays for you to watch a movie.  I will write another review when I go back and pay for the ticket on my own.  I do believe it is a high price for a weekend evening but I guess us here in Scottsdale have the money to pay for it.   I don't think I will ever go back to another theater and sit in regular seats.  Ouch, they got me hooked!
3	Came here during a recent theater rent-out by my employer who booked the place to go over company slides and watch a private movie screening, so I didn't actually pay anything, my employer did, but I've heard about iPic's normal prices. The photos are legit. This place looks like a moderately mid-upscale bar with theaters. It's the proper place for a dress-casual attire movie going, not for flip flops but not for tuxedos either. The place is nicely decorated in the "traditional/typical modern Scottsdalian" style. The restrooms are such that the sinks are trays. You know, "upscaley". (Because we want to see that the last guy indeed did not have grime.) You step into the theater and, yes indeed, the seats are big lounge chairs. The nicer seats toward the back are orange-colored orangey orange (kind of like the three stars I'm posting this with).You sit down and, where at SMG you would see the call button, here you see buttons that make the chair go back and prop your feet up. Real recliners! Sadly, I believe that for those who have to pay tickets for such seats end up paying, .. well, you know, .. Scottsdalian numbers. The seat was furnished with a cloth handkerchief, a blanket, and a pillow. A tiny little table was attached to the chair that you could swivel out in front of you; when I ate, however, the table was quite high and awkward. I looked around and saw only one beverage holder between myself and the seat next to me (my seat and the other seat were a single group), and it was between the seats, so I figured they expected people to put drinks on the floor or something... except, no, the Scottsdalians would be drinking *drinks* (alcohol), so perhaps indeed that's what the table is really for. I was annoyed to find that I was actually surprisingly uncomfortable in my recliner. It seemed that there wasn't much cushion below me. I'm a big guy; I'd take a non-reclining chair with more padding than a recliner with poor padding. I considered moving to the front but didn't want to be in the front of the theater and had already made myself otherwise "comfortable" where I was.The walls of the theater are blanketed with carpet like any other theater (for soundproofing) and then overlaid with some very old fashioned drapes. The sound system isn't bad at all, but then I wasn't watching a sci-fi nor action movie.So it's certainly a fine experience. However, they do have competition: Studio Movie Grill and one of the local AMCs. I haven't been to AMC but I am a regular visitor to Studio Movie Grill, so here's my thought on this: Studio Movie Grill has very nice seating and dinner menus--not as nice seating as iPic, just somewhere in the middle between iPic and an old fashioned plain theater seat. SMG gives you WAAAAY more for the dollar including the experience. In fact, SMG is pretty close to a "normal movie ticket" price, yet they, too, have a bar and a way more convenient dining experience (call button on the seats, waiters throughout the whole movie), and the dinner menu is about the same as any restaurant. iPic, while a step up in the environment, is as far as I know quite excessive in the cost of the experience. I'll give it to iPic's businessmen, if they can manage to get people to come, what a great way to make money, because all that money spent on an experience that cost iPic trivial dollars to decorate one time (plus the simple costs to maintain) is really smart ROI for them. For the corporate theater rent-out, as someone who paid nothing I would say I LOVED the whole experience, I just wouldn't pay what I've heard some people have paid. So, for the individual buyer, unless you have a lot of money to toss around, I would recommend AMC or SMG instead. (By the way, SMG frequently has $5 Groupon deals for a movie seat plus a soda. Can't beat that!)
3	Prices for tickets have recently increased from $18 to $25 for premium seats.That's a little steep for a movie, even with comfortable chairs and wait service. We don't plan to return unless they have some kind of special or prices go back down.... which is not likely.
2	My wife and I desided to enjoy our 21st Aniversary evening here with drinks diner,  and a Movie. Drinks and the movie where wonderful, but the service and diner was less than pleasing. We all know what happens when you asume things. So you figure when some dumps a ton of money on a classy establishment like this everything should be top notch! Not so fast! Our order seemed to be misplaced and then only one meal brought out cold (fish) where's the other??? I don't know! was the responce.. Not acceptable. I'll leave the rest to you all.
5	I loved it.  I have been meaning to come hear for a long time.  I remember becoming a member when they were building this location, however I had not had the opportunity or time to visit before.  One of my girlfriends invited me to watch Skyfall with her.  I didn't mind seeing it again the same week, specially in such a comfortable environment.  We sat down on our orange recliners and we had a pillow and a blanket, how cool is that.  When I go to other theaters, I usually put my purse on one side, since I don't like strangers touching me.  Here there is no risk for that, the seats are huge, I felt like I was in a cocoon.  After we sat down, one of the servers handed us a bag of popcorn.  We ordered our drinks and enjoyed the movie.  I told my hubby that I didn't care how much it costs, I am coming here from now on.
4	I love this concept - dinner and a movie....finally!! One of my favorite past times is to go to the movies and this is such a comfortable setting. Love the wine bars and express service in the lobby - mood lighting and all! Brings back some "je'n sais quois" to an old and everlasting past time: going to the movies. :)I love having the blankets...but I often wonder (like the airlines) if they are changed out after each use??...ok don't go there....still like the idea.
5	I have been to ipic several times and frankly will say that I will not watch a movie anywhere else!   I am a member so that reduces the cost considerably (membership is free).  I know bring any of my friends from out of town to this theater to either watch movies or just hang out at salt.  My most recent experience was probably the worse out of the bunch, just to say that they were understaffed at salt, and especially after a movie just starts where the bartenders are feverishly preparing drinks for those watchin movies and ignore anyone at the bar.   But other than that, the place rocks!  Once you watch a movie here, you'll never want to watch it anywhere else!
2	Avoid Ipic unless you have super premium seats.  Food isn't very good and with just the premium seats you have to order, wait for food and then hustle to your table.  If you want food and a movie, go to the other Scottsdale food movie place - much better, less expensive and great service.
4	prosbeautiful like a night clubdelicious foodwine and beerserversrecliner seatsblanketsyou can reserve seats b4 showconsway expensive like $80 for 2 ppl with foodscreen not so impressivesound not that greatgood seats cost extrakind of like a normal ok theatre but with great food and drinks for a really expensive price, cool to go to at least once b/c it makes you feel pampered
5	Really love this theater!  I just saw The Nutcracker Ballet and Breaking Dawn: Part 2 and it was great both times.  The food and service is always great and I love how comfortable the seats are.  No other theater compares!  A new flatbread was added, the Firecracker Shrimp, and it's my new favorite!!  I'll definitely be back very soon!
3	Have been to the iPic in Glendale, WI on many occasions, so was really looking forward to checking out the location in Scottsdale.  Unfortunately, the in-theatre dining option/service was very lackluster and confusing.  The food itself (flatbreads, sweet potato fries, etc) were not very good either, nor worth the long wait.  The seats that we purchased for our movie (many days in advance) did not have the option to be served in-theatre (which is unlike the Glendale location).  Ordering our food at the take-away counter was extremely hectic, and the wait for the food was over 20 minutes, so we missed some of the movie.  Also, once we were in the theatre, there WAS staff serving people seated in the row directly behind us (so why was that option not available for our row?).  Anyways, the theaters are super nice, but if you cannot get in-theatre dining, I would suggest skipping the take-away counter.
4	Great seats. Love that you can prepay. No lines. Wine thing at the candy register is not well thought out and the menu is not real tasty. I get the standard seats because I no longer see the value in the premiums.
4	OK,We came back! But we did have company, I decided to give my wife and daughter a iPic and Tanzy Christmas gift! Had a 10am Les Miserables show on Christmas day. We had a great time, maybe this might be a yearly thing now? This was my daughters first experience, and was wowed!! Movie was very good, girls liked it and cried through out the movie. We had our lunch during the show and it was great! (See the Tanzy review for food rating!) Yes the prices are higher but you are getting a lot more. No I can not afford doing this all the time, but yes wife and I will come back again and again.
2	I love this concept so with high expectations, I booked two movies in two days.  (The Hobbit and Les Miserables).  Purchased premium plus and from the moment you walk in its a "wow" experience.  Everything was exceptional so why the 1 star?  Terrible customer service after $100 in fradulent charges were made to my credit card.... All generated from ipic theatres.  To add insult to injury no response from management, after attempts to resolve this, other than "manager is busy and will have to call you back.".  It's been 48hours since I reported the erroneous charges and no response!  They missed an opportunity to have a loyal customer as I was prepared to never go anywhere else again for my movie experience.  Others here have reported erroneous charges as well, so they obviously have issues here.
5	The thought of ever sitting in a sticky, stinky, over filled Harkins again makes me want to cry.  iPic has ruined all other theaters for me. First off, these seats are huge.  Sorry fly boys, that yawn move isn't going to work here. Copping a feel would be serious work.  And to the 10 year old in every R rated movie I go to way past their bed times, your parent's poor decisions wont effect me tonight.  Unless your wearing stilts no way are you kicking the back of my seat.Over priced soda.  No thanks, I'll take a glass of wine, or the complimentary sodas they offer.  Stale popcorn, uh none for me thanks, fresh popped and free!  But save room for the extensive menu they offer.  Was it pricey? Yes.Is it worth it? Absolutely.Oh, and there's a soft fluffly blanket sitting on the seat for each guest.  Nice touch, ipic, very nice touch.
3	iPic Theaters, I love you and hate you at the same time.  I am not the kind of girl who sits down and looks at a computer screen and times to figure out what movie I want to see on what day and at what exact time, but that's exactly how you work.Had received passes to experience a movie in the Premium Plus Seating,  I had one and my besty had another, and with bit of luck we both had the same day off and thought ok off the movies we go. Boy I was excited to check you out!  Walked and told the host what movie we would like to see and she without asking anything else said did you make reservations? Um no, we are just flying by the seat of pants here, she looked up the movie we wanted and said there were no Premium Plus Seating for that showing, or the next 3 more of that day too,  we were told the ones that were not booked were the premium seating, but our tickets didn't cover for those.  Now I'm feeling frustrated and wondering why I just didn't say to my besty hey lets just go, the host noticed we were about to leave and said let me call my manager to see if we can down grade your seats.  At this point I didn't even care about what type of seat I was seating in, just wanted to be able to watch the movie with my best friend. The manager ok'ed us to be downgraded, gave us a stern lecture about how the pillow, blanket, popcorn and food service is not available. So we got our seats and went to watch the show. Have to say when we made our way into the theater I had to ask to be directed to our seats since I hadn't been before and didn't have clue, the server told us with a flick of her finger which way to go.  Left me with the feeling that I was a second class citizen that had to move to the lower deck to get a seat.  The movie we saw was wonderful and great, the seat was comfortable but it was very cold in the theater, made me think of the blanket I wasn't getting.  I like the feature of being able to recline in a chair, have food brought to you while watching your movie, but what I don't care for is that it has to be planned.So if you go make sure you make your reservations if that Premium Plus Seating is what you're going after for.  Thank you iPic for the chance to experience you, but I think I just might be too flighty for you. I don't know days or hours in advance what movie I want and when, but that's me, not you.
5	Very expensive (about $16 a ticket) but absolutely worth it! An incredible movie experience. I love the huge leather chairs and in-theater alcohol access
5	An update to my review posted on 12/23/12:  Since posting my review, I have been extremely impressed with the management and customer service provided by iPic Theaters in Scottsdale.  Not only did Karen, the customer service representative, contact me almost immediately to inquire more about our experience and how iPic could remedy our issues, but Lawrence, the manager of that iPic location, called me numerous times (until we finally connected).  Their persistence in contacting me and Lawrence's generous offer to make up for our poor experience the next time we visit an iPic, should we decide to (which we will), was just outstanding.  Lawrence went above and beyond, and his response to remedy our mediocre experience is what everyone should expect from managers of any type of establishment, should service not meet expectations.  I am looking forward to going back to iPic next time we are in Scottsdale!
4	I really  enjoy the dine in theater experience and this place has it down to a T. The tickets are a little pricey but for all that's included I find it well worth it. I love the seating and the fresh, warm popcorn is always a plus.  I love soming here if I'm going to watch a movie that is more than 2 hours long because its almost as good as the comfort of my own home. It is a far drive but the great service makes up for it.
5	Went to see Zero Dark Thirty the other night....great movie experience.The seats are amazing and blanket and pillow included....worth every penny.We had sliders and tater tots....amazing also....and a glass of wine.Everyone should try this awesome movie experience!!!Excellent staff and service first class....
5	I am completely spoiled and don't know if I'll ever be able to enjoy another movie theater the same way. IPic provides an experience like no other. VIP tickets are a little pricey but it's worth every penny. You get a recliner chair that practically turns into a bed. You get a blanket and a pillow and you get a waiter at a moment's call. As soon as the previews start, the wait staff appears with trays of complimentary pop corn that's fresh, hot and ready for consumption. It seriously is an A+ experience and makes you feel like you are watching a movie in your own home theater.
5	after a gracious gift of 2 free tickets from iPic after the Tanzy Yelp event, the wife and i are totally spoiled. we reserved our seats online and when we arrived to pick up our tickets, we knew this wasn't your average movie theater. in a sense i feel guilty knowing i should be at the regular theater in my income bracket, but at the same time....wow....this must be how first class passengers feel on the plane!we had 2 seats with no one on either side of us. the chairs were overstuffed and plush. they reclined. they had pillows. and a blanket! A BLANKET! popcorn came with our tickets and we did order food and drinks. the sweet potato fries were a huge hit with the wife and I. our server was so quiet and stealthy, we never saw him unless we got thirsty and magically he appeared! we wanted to stay longer and watch the movie again in our comfy spots, but it was time to go back to reality. what a really cool movie experience.
5	After attending the yelp event at Tanzy, we were so lucky to have gotten these free passes to try out the iPic Theaters. The theater itself is so nice and clean. We reserved seats online, but once we arrived the woman at the ticket counter offered some suggestions for different seats we might enjoy, which were still available. The premium seating seats are super comfortable lounge-style and come with a pillow and blanket! I was in heaven already. We ordered a couple cocktails, which were not cheap by any means at about $10-$12, but were a good size and really delicious. The sweet potato fries were probably the best I've ever had, ever!!! We also enjoyed some popcorn which comes with the premium seating as well. This was so fabulous, I'm officially spoiled!
5	Movie NirvanaWife took me to iPic for my birthday to take in a blockbuster. Whereas once I was lost, now I am found.  Picture this: Lounger with perfect foam padding; electronic seat positioning; soft (clean smelling) blanket; comfy pillows; big arm pads; and a waiter tending your food and drink wants.  Heck with Heaven...Video and sound are movie-quality.  Waiter was a pro and didn't pester as I enjoyed the movie with my nicely elevated feet supported at zero gravity.  Food was good, though not great.  Bathroom is fancy enough that you doubt whether you should to tinkle.  Worth every penny and a few extra.
4	Great date spot if you want to impress. This place is THE primo movie theater. The perks to this theater: there is a huge swanky lounge area outside the theater where you can get great drinks. It is about $12 for a martini. Food is more reasonable and is served to you in the movie theater. You can also order more alcohol inside the theater. The seating is all comfy oversize recliners where pillows and blankets are available. It was a lot of fun to come here but I'll save it more for special occasions.The only reasons I don't give it five stars is because it's $25 per ticket on the weekend. You do get popcorn included. Also, they said you can't use more than $50 in gift cards in one visit which is complete bullshit.
3	My husband and I were very excited to go to Ipic for our prevalentine day date. The online purchase was simple and passbook on my iPhone worked perfectly. We arrived a little early and we were greeted by very friendly staff. They explained the venue as we were first timers. In the theatre we were pleased with our seats and our waiter was prompt. After taking our order and food being delivered we were not approached again. I had ordered a diet coke after my glass of wine that never came. My husband never got a refill of his tea. We were never asked about dessert which we had planned on ordering. The movie was great and the ipic is very comfortable. May return for a movie but will skip the dining experience as it fell a little flat.
2	I love the IPic concept, but it's not for everyone, and by everyone, I mean me. Thirty two bucks to see a movie in a theatre with less than optimal sound, small screens, and uncomfortable (general) seating holds very little appeal for me.Not when for less than half the price, you can get much tastier popcorn, experience a vicious sound system, sit in a semi comfortable seat, and, with the popcorn and drink pass, get both for one dollar at a local Harkin's theatre.On the other hand, If you're looking for a fun date night, I can't not recommend the Tanzy, IPic, Salt, triumvirate. Mainly because you won't be going there for the food, movie, or high priced drinks.You'll be going there for date night, and by date night, I mean any combination of expensive activities designed to irretrievably guilt your date into surrendering her panties at the end of the evening.However, when geting laid isn't your big panacea anymore, (like me, mrrrr) these three places mean dick.No, I'll just schlub the night away for pennies at Harkin's and In & Out, since my poonslaying days are now only distant memories.
4	Just an Yelp business owners town hall here, and WOW!  I am truly impressed, I've moved here about a month ago and come to Scottsdale Quarters pretty often, and have seen the iPic sign, but didn't realize that it was a theater with comfy seats, a table and cup holder to enjoy your food so that it is not on your lap.  This is probably the cleanest movie theater I've ever been in!  I am totally coming back to enjoy a movie or two!
4	fun atmosphere with decent seating and not as over priced as other theatres.
3	I have been a member of the iPic membership program for almost 2 years and have caught about 7 or 8 shows to date at this theater.The seats within the actual theater are nice and the acoustics of the screens are pretty good. I always book the premium plus seating and without fail all the premium plus seas are fairly good except for Seats 7 on the right side of the premium plus seating area. Both time I have sat in this seat it felt like I was too far to the right of the screen to see properly.The experience itself within the actual iPic complex leaves a bit to be desired. One thing I have noticed for example is that the sizes of the complimentary popcorn have gotten smaller over the past 2 years. This is a cost savings move (although seriously...if 3 extra ounces of popcorn hurts the bottom line so much the iPic management and investors should concentrate on real cost savings like sending home extra personnel on slow nights or paring down the wine inventory instead) but iPic members who frequent the theater notice sneaky moves like this.The food and drink selections are diverse but as many others have noted the service is very uneven in the premium plus area and three times I remember distinctively having to go and hunt for a waiter while the opening scene was about to or had started in the movie. The entire premise of the premium plus seating area is personalized service and the Scottsdale location is very uneven in this area.The other aspect I will comment on are the attitudes (this is not a knock to mgt of IPic but an issue with a lot of the clientele in the Scottsdale Quarter) of the other patrons in the Salt Lounge and Adjoining Tanzy restaurant.  The attitudes, which are laughable (who has an attitude because they live in the backwards Phoenix area, have a $700 car note, live in an apartment and like to front like they are special because they are spending the little money they have left in the Scottsdale Quarter) are a bit of a turnoff. Although the attitudes of other patrons may seem trivial, it is a factor that I am sure keep many away from IPic theater Scottsdale after only one visit. I have had a chance to check out one other iPic in Pasadena, CA and the patrons were normal people, not the plastic (in many ways) creeps that abound in the Salt Lounge, Tanzy and the Scottsdale Q in general.To expand on that point; iPic Scottsdale is no longer the only premium theater chain in the Phoenix area.  I have in the past 6 months visited both Ultra Star Cinemas in Scottsdale and the AMC Esplanade Dine In on Camelback in Phoenix and found both of these theaters a more enjoyable experience than iPic.Competition is a good thing and hopefully the Scottsdale iPic can tweak its offering a bit (cant do much about some of the clientele but that's another matter) to keep iPic members like me but the proof is in the pudding and lately I prefer to have my pudding at Ultra Star or AMC Esplanade.
4	The lovely and I have made two trips here - once in the Premium seating, once in the Premium Plus. Everything already reported is true, its clean, low stress, comfortable and pricey. We were totally jazzed about the Premium experience - reserved spots, no screamers...ahhhh. The Premium Plus? mmm OK. But just OK. And mostly because with food and wine its in the $110-$120 vicinity. Don't get me wrong - service was attentive, seats are relaxing and comfortable, greeting from all of the employees, great. Food was okay, wine was nice and not crazy at $9. Glad we tried it but for us, not worth it - free popcorn notwithstanding.  We will continue to go and enjoy the Premium seats.
3	A Five Star miss.  This place has the opportunity to be a 5 star destination but they need to step up the customer service. I wanted to try iPic for the very first time so  I started with Yelp and the reviews looked promising.  I noticed they said they had Happy Hour listed as YES so I went to the Salt Lounge site to find out more information.  The site was pretty but it told me very little other than stating "The Ultimate Happy Hour", that looked GREAT but it said nothing more so I made a phone call to see what was so "Ultimate" about their Happy Hour.   My call went directly to a recorded message that put me on hold and after waiting about 3 minutes it went to a recording saying they were busy and to leave a message or remain on hold, I went through this for 4 rotations and no answer so I decided to leave a message.  (by the way this was around 4PM yesterday).   A call was made back to me and they left a message on my voice mail.  The message said that the only Happy Hour they have is for members only and is on Tuesday only.  That does not sound like an "Ultimate Happy Hour" to me, how about to you?  I do not like false advertising.I decided to go anyway and my wife and I head out for a 4:55PM show.  The tickets were purchased online and at a cost of $16 for a self service seat, it was a little pricey.  We went to the Salt Lounge for cocktails and waited some time until approached.  The bar tenders and servers were plentiful but it seemed like they did not have time for the customers, they were busy conversing with each other.  The bartender was very pleasant once she did approach us and we enjoyed our drinks.  The theater was relatively empty and it is a weekend in the middle of our high season so that concerns me. In order to fill these theaters, they will need to make it more affordable and even more than that, have excellent service.  I feel that for $16 a seat, they should be able to provide service to my seat and it will also help them increase sales.   Overall, this experience was nice but it can be SO MUCH BETTER.
4	very comfy recliners
4	03/07/13While I immediately signed up for the free loyalty account online in July 2010, this was my first time watching a movie here.  I could kick myself for waiting all this time to find out what all the fuss was about!  I entered the theater lobby through the Tanzy entrance, so I passed the concession stand to my right and the wrap-around couch with the wine kiosk to my left to get to the "box office" to redeem one of my  premium plus seating passes I received at the Yelp Elite event held at Tanzy back in December.  (Yes, they were inside those delightful gift bags that very fortunate Yelp Elite members get to take home after having such a wonderful time at these events!)  I was going for the 7p Thursday showing of "Jack, the Giant Slayer**," so besides the couple that arrived before me, and who were being taken care of by a clerk, I was the only one waiting in line, and I didn't have to wait very long.  While it was nice not to have to wait for more than a minute, or two, I can see how these lines could get very long and tiresome during peak times, so I suggest you book your tickets online, or via mobile-- not only to avoid waiting in long lines (since there's only room for two clerks to wait on people), but to make sure you can select the seats you want!  I've been to Ultra Star and Studio Movie Grill before, so I was familiar with the seat selection process, but if you've never been to either of these theaters, then visiting for the first time with only a few minutes to get through the ticketing process before the movie starts might make the whole experience a little stressful.  Be wise, and take some time now to check out www.ipic.com and familiarize yourself with the theater to maximize your theater enjoyment!  :)  After greeting me a warm welcome and asking me if I've ever been there before, I answered with a "no, she then asked me for my surname.  (Btw, everyone here is so friendly, before, during, and after the movie!)  After giving her my name, I was reminded that I did sign up for the loyalty program a few years ago, which then gave me a little jump seeing how long this theater has been open!  Soon after this process and with ticket in hand, I found my way to auditorium #3 and quickly located my luxury seat.  Oh, my goodness!  I knew already that this was quickly going to be one of my favorite theater venues, and after settling down onto my seat and handed my free popcorn and 3D glasses, and my request for a glass of water, I knew that I was in for a terrific treat!  And then, the 3D trailers started to play... OH, BOY!  :)$17 for premium plus seating, with no price difference between regular and 3D films, is a gorgeous steal when you consider everything you're getting in return: free popcorn (for you popcorn lovers), a pillow, a lux blanket, AND a seat with a button that, upon depressing, raises your legs so that you're able to recline as if laying down in a first-class airplane cabin.  The 3D glasses I received provided me the BEST 3D movie experience outside of 3D IMAX ($18.75 for "Avatar" at Harkins Arizona Mills) and a 4D Immersion experience (an additional $5 for a 15-, or 20-minute film per person with an admission ticket to Baltimore's National Aquarium).  Most theaters charge at least $13 for a 3D experience that, at least for me, can be a hit-or-miss, and then, for those who absolutely need it at the movies, a small bag of popcorn, which can cost you at least $3 elsewhere, so add another $1, you get a personal bed, complete with a pillow and blanket, and the chance to enjoy a 3D film with what must be state-of-the-art 3D glasses!  (I so wished I saw "Life of Pi" 3D here...)From the moment the trailers began, I had a feeling I found THE place I'm going to watch 3D "at the movies" from now on-- at iPic!  And after taking a quick look at the cocktails menu, I know what I'm going to try on my next visit, which I will dutifully post a photo of, and it will be very soon, so stay tuned!  :)p.s.  Free valet with your paid, or gifted, premium plus ticket!  ** Great movie, considering everything you've read of the children's classic fable, and for all of the special effects, the only way to see them, at least for me, is multi-dimensional!  I'm looking forward to seeing more 3D films here.
5	I absolutely LOVE ipic theaters! I go every or every other tuesday to see a new movie and its my favorite place to see a movie and have a mellow night. the service is always amazing too!
4	Wowza!!! I feel like a queen when I come here. The pillow, blanket and comfy reclining chairs made this the most pleasant movie-going experience I have ever had. The menu looked delicious, although the only thing I got was a Diet Coke and my hubby got a beer. The Diet Coke was movie theater priced, which was a little disappointing. Overall this is not a cheap place to go to, and I will not be utilizing this as my most frequented movie theatre, but will definitely come back on special occasions!
5	Where else can you drink beer in a leather lounge chair and watch a movie!!?? It's awesome!
5	May go down as a best way to start the night out for a best date night ever. iPic is the Waldorf Astoria of the movie theatres. My boyfriend set the seats up earlier that day and me , not really being much of a 'movies on date night kind of girl' , was kind of like, 'eh.. okay'. I was, however, blown away. We had intended on having dinner first at Tanzy, but we ate a little much bruschetta at our uptown meet up earlier. We headed over to Salt, within the theater, and ordered a nice bottle of Pinot Noir and made our way to our seats. We had second row, VERY cozy, comfy seats. You can order what you like from your seats.. appetizers, champagne, very 'up' mixed cocktails, wines.. desserts.. pretty much what your spoiled heart desires.  It's 21+ only.. No worries of children or babies interrupting your night at the movies with noise. Very clean bathrooms with nice amenities. AND if you don't want the wine bottle at your recliner or seat, you can always vend it from the cool wine carousel in the 'vending' area. There are even buckets of beer or soft drinks should you not desire the beverage of alcohol infused.  There is the option of free popcorn, but I am personally not much of a fan of popcorn. I just wanted my wine..my glass and my cute boyfriend on this Saturday night. TIPS----Order online.. do it maybe a day early for best seat selection and for the best, most popular movies. --Become a member.. It's free. It'll score you some good discounts on both the movies and other things.. like vittles and sippage. --Go early. Enjoy this experience of this pretty much one-of-a-kind theater experience.. iPic is only about a handful many in the US. Get some food at Tanzy and some libations at Salt. --Valet is free with Premium seating. --Pillows and blankets also come with upgraded seating. What's not to love about starting your night out here.. well, you can actually finish your night out here too. It's literally a one stop..everything in one place.. place.
5	A first class way to go to the movies. I started going to the movies here in early 2012 and have never been back to another theater since! iPic is truly the only way to watch a movie in the theater now.
4	Arrive early so you have time to explore the place & the food/drink menu. The entrance on the 2nd floor faces True Food & the splash pad. I ordered the soft pretzel starter which was pretty tasty. I wish the cheese sauce had been served warm.  Somehow I missed out on the bday perk even though I had joined their FREE loyalty membership several months ago. I think they give you a free birthday movie ticket which might be good for 2 weeks.  The premium seats were awesome. Definitely a nice splurge & you don't have to try to have dinner beforehand & then rush to make the movie.
3	Great experience, very comfortable but could have been better. The 3D glasses they use are electronic, and they can be dodgy at times. My friend and I both had to exchange ours for new ones partway through the film and that was pretty frustrating.Their seats are the best there is for movie theaters, bar none. But I think I had a better experience overall at the AMC esplanade because the interaction and experience is a little different. For instance at iPic, the wait staff comes to you several times throughout the film, and it is actually quite disruptive; in addition, when you actually need something and want them to come to you, you need to wait or get up yourself (which is what you'd have to do at typical theatres, but still.) Esplanade has a button you can press to summon the wait staff instead, so you can interact when it is convenient for you to do so and if you need something you can let them know straight away.Maybe I wouldn't be a little bitter about it if I wasn't interrupted during the climax of the film to sign the check for our dinner. Could it really not have waited another fifteen minutes? I know you need to get paid and don't want to let people leave without doing so, but it was a little obnoxious, there has to be a better way.I was intrigued also to see the wine vending machine in the lobby, it was something I'd never seen before, but I was immediately disenchanted by the inconvenient paying process (you have to use your credit card or cash to buy a "wine card" and then use the "wine card" to buy the wine from the machine...this is probably for age verification so I'll let that slide) and then all the prices are absurdly high and none of them end in even dollars, so count on having wasted money leftover on your "wine card".All in all I did have a really great time, and iPic is worlds beyond the experience you get at a normal theater, but I think I prefer the other dinner theater options available in the valley. Not that I wouldn't return, it just wasn't the perfect night I was told I'd experience.
4	Certainly an interesting experience. I was sad that they didn't have the yelp promotional check-in gift.The chairs? AMAZING. You get a blanket and a pillow. If it isn't a good movie you will have a stellar nap.The food was great too, the Brownie/Ice Cream sandwich is soooo good but its huge. Split it with 2 people. The house made chips were delicious, I know to order a side of ranch with them next time to make them better.The one thing I wish they did have that the AMC Esplanade has is push buttons to call your wait staff. Besides that it was a very neat experience. Not for the faint of wallet though so keep that in mind it is expensive. Also note: We sat in the premium seating. From seeing both I wouldn't sit in the others now.The Wine carousel was very very cool, I wish more places had them. Maybe I missed it but if not please update it with some Moscato!
5	Our favorite theater! Always go for the premium seats. So comfy, with a blanket and pillow. Free popcorn and waiter service. Love it!
2	I would like to start off by saying that I previously really enjoyed my experiences here...until mother's day.  I spent $54 for 2 tickets to sit in the upgraded seats.  I was led to my seat by the staff and got comfy, ordered drinks etc.  I was then told by some crazy lady looking for an argument that I stole this older couples seats- because they thought I was in their assigned seats.  (I didn't steal the seats, nor was I in the wrong place) So a rather ridiculous argument ensued.  I asked the waiter if I was in the correct seats and was told yes.  For some reason, this woman kept pursuing the matter, I told her to shut up and leave me alone and she went to get the manager to have me "kicked out" of the theater.  So the manager came and asked to see my ticket, then said Yes I was in the right seats (again!).  Then he told me to "Drop It" and walked away after I explained what this woman was doing.  I thought that was handled quite poorly by the manager after being harassed by this woman.  It was totally embarassing and I was just trying to give my mom a nice day.  When I pay this much to see a movie, I don't ever want to hear "drop it" when I am displeased...especially after frequenting this place many times.  An "I'm sorry" would have been much nicer!!!
5	I love this place for going to the movies on a night out with my hubby! Well worth it! I'll drive to have a nice get away dinner and a movie. So comfy!!!!
4	Okay, so I just went today for the 1st time. I'm kicking myself that I haven't gone before. Don't overthink this one - just sign up for a membership online (it's free) and book your seats and go! It's a great experience. The place is very nice. The seats are comfy and the pillow and blanket make you want to stay and take a nap after the show is over. Wine carousel is really cool.Two things would make this a 5 star experience:1.Hot butter on the popcorn. Not sure if they have this (how can you not?) but your server will bring you popcorn and while hot and fresh, ours had no butter. She didn't ask either. If I'm at the theatre I want butter on my popcorn.2. The architect screwed up and the handrails on the aisle  (in the shape of a P) block some of your view when reclining. These need to be removed. I mean they have handicapped seating below. No one needs theses rails and while mine only slightly was in the "field of view" it really annoyed me!
2	I have always loved going to the movies.But since they started dinner theaters, this is my ideal entertainment.  You walk in, sit down, pull up a table, and order drinks and food. With a young child, I can feed her, while enjoying the movie. Most times, if I order just right, I can keep her eating throughout the movie.Generally we attend the Studio Movie Grill on Hayden, but recently a friend suggested trying iPic at Scottsdale Quarter.I booked (always a good idea)Chose the upgraded seating.Imagine my surprise when I showed up at the theatre, and find I need to order and wait for my food "outside" and then carry it into the theatre.What? I cannot sit down and order from inside the theatre?Nope, thats only for the upgraded seats.Mmm, I thought I had done that. But no, there are three (?) levels of seating.So my family and I order, and wait for our food. In the meantime the movie starts. Did I mention the food was substantially more expensive than anywhere else, but of course this is the "Quarter".The movie was great, and the seats comfortable, but I wont be back. And yes, I told my friend he needs to look into other places.
5	Tried to find a review on here from a parent with younger kids, and couldn't find one. So, I figured I would go check it out with my kids and write a review for you parents out there. I was not even sure children were allowed, as I heard somewhere that they did not allow children, or maybe it was no children after 7? Unsure, but we went to see a movie at 7:15 with my 7 and 10 year olds and no one said anything about no children allowed. I was not sure this place would be kid friendly, but to my surprise everyone was very nice and friendly to my children. I had never seen a movie here before, only had lunch at Tanzy and drinks at the lounge with friends. So, a  friendly staff member took us to our seats, got the kids all set up  in the recliners and got our waitress within seconds. We went on a Tuesday, which has special pricing for members, and our waitress offered some good suggestions for the kids for snacks. I meant to take a picture of the menu, but forgot! Bummer. Beers are $2.00 on Tuesday though, and wine was $5.00. Sizes are generous on food and drinks and the choices for beers was pretty good. A big glass of Stella for $2.00? Bargain! Free popcorn in the reclining seats, too! They had some appetizer and meal specials for Tuesday as well, which ranged from $6 to $14, roughly. Tater tots, flatbread pizza, fish and chips, sliders, to name a few. Movie quality is awesome, good sound, great picture, stealthy wait staff I never noticed helping other movie guests. Fast service from the staff, by the way! Also worth noting, they have a very clean family bathroom, in case you have younger kids with you. For movies in 3D, this theater is not much more than others,  and I would rather come here  any day! I would recommend this theater highly! Great experience, and my kids LOVED it! They already mentioned they want to come back to watch superman. :)
5	This place kicks ass.The expression "You get what you pay for" comes to mind here. This place is not cheap, but you are also in the most comfortable environment to see a movie ever. To start with, with the best level of seating, you get free valet parking service. Easy to park, just pull up to the curb and you're on your way. Next you head up the escalator and enter the expansive theater. The hostess greeted us warmly, and since I already ordered and paid for our seats, she directed us to the correct theater.Long story short, the theater, and all the venue are incredibly upscale and comfortable. Just a really well done place, you feel like you're on vacation.A few random observations:- As others have noted, the popcorn is really average to plain. Not sure if that is designed to get you to order something else, but it's weird that the place is so rad, but the popcorn isn't as good as the Target Store snack bar.- Our seats actually had a partial obstruction. Due to the height of the handrails, you can't see part of the screen (we were on the upper level, far left). I am 6'4, so if I can't see over it, the other 80% of the population must be too. Not sure if that's something they can or will address, but I wouldn't pick the same seats.-It would be really nice if there were a button that you could hit to request help from the wait staff. AMC has it, and it's a nice touch.Overall, I highly recommend this place. Very comfy and luxurious and I can't wait to go back.
2	My husband and I went to I Pic last night and purchased 2 premium seats where we could enjoy food service.  Our server took our order which was 2 orders of mini burgers, truffle fries, wine and an ice tea.  The ice tea came out first, then 1 set of burgers and fries came out, then the wine.  Why would the wine come after the food? The server misunderstood that we wanted two orders of burgers so I had to wait another 15 minutes for my burgers...in the mean time the fries were getting cold and the ice in my tea was melting.  Long story short we ended up being interrupted 6 times during the movie before we had our complete meal. We complained to the  manager.  While exiting the theater the manager was waiting for us, and told us he'd like to talk to us.  We felt like little kids going to the principal's office.  We stood in the lobby and explained the poor service again.  The manager, said the bar was probably slammed,  and haven't I ever gotten my food out of order at other restaurants? He even questioned me, if I ordered too late-I didn't.  Then he told me he looked us up to see how many times we've been there before (quite a bit).  After all this he had the audacity to ask for a tip for my server.  Our server lacked time management, but the managers total lack of experience showed and made this trip to the IPic unpleasant to say the least. He did comp our meal, but really just a sincere apology would have been better.
4	Love this theater! Can't get more comfortable or convenient when it comes to pressing a button and food/drinks just magically appearing ... well not entirely magical as it does come at a price ... I think it is a bit too over priced but worth it for a treat now and again. The seats in both areas (full service and regular seats) are extremely comfortable and make it hard to imagine sitting in a regular theater again!
2	I moved from Ohio not long ago and from recommendations of co workers was told this was a great place for a movie.  Well let me tell you about my experience.  I got my ticket, of which they talked me into the upgrade ($25), and went to find my seat.  The ticket host explained which theater I was in and my server would meet me at my seat.  The previews had started so it was dark and it was very hard to see the row or the numbers.  I find my seat and I have to say the reclining chair was very nice and there was a blanket and a pillow.  Good idea, people tend to get cold in theaters.  So the movie starts, I am patiently waiting for the server.  I was told I could order a nice gourmet meal or appetizer, possible a drink and my upgraded seat came with complimentary popcorn.  An hour into the movie someone finally shows up.  Now while I was waiting I looked for a button to push for service, a small light, anything I could do to get a server to see me.  There was nothing like that available and I did not want to get up and miss some of the $25 movie I paid for to track someone down.  So by now and hour into the movie the waiter comes up and asks if I would like to order something, explains these nice appetizers, meals, etc.  Is there a menu? Would I even be able to see it?  So I just ask for a diet pepsi and the complimentary popcorn.  I was concerned if I ordered something it would be arriving as the movie is ending and I have to either get it to go or sit in an empty theater to eat.  By now the server knows I was a bit displeased with the delay and that there was no menu I could look at.  So for the remaining 45 minutes of the movie he kept coming over, would I like a refill? Am I sure I don't want to order something?  And then with about 10 minutes left he asks if I still want a refill and maybe am appetizing dessert on the house?  Really?  I came to get a meal and I did not plan on just having dessert.  I passed on the dessert and decided I would get a bite to eat at one of the restaurants outside of the theater.Suggestion:  In Ohio AMC has the right idea, they have the same seats you do, what they have that is better is there is a menu at every table, a call button so you can get your wait staff, and small lights between each seat that can be turned down, this way you can see the menu and find your seat number.The theater was nice and clean, however I don't feel the experience was worth the $25 for the movie ticket
5	Premium price but worth the extra cost if you have the cash to burn. Fantastic place for date nights, will definitely impress.
5	Not very cheap but without a doubt the best movie experience. We always go for longer movies so we get the most bang for our buck. Splurge for the big chairs: they recline, you get to order food from your seat, and free popcorn with a pillow and blanket.
5	This theater is everything I could ever want in a cinematic viewing slice of heaven.   We're talking new movies with great food in a nice recliner plus alcohol and full service. The facilities are that of a 5 star restaurant.  The bathrooms are so clean that you could eat off of the floors! The theater seating is spaced out for comfort, with small tables build into the recliners to achieve maximum convenience during the movie. The staff was more than helpful in seating and serving plus making us feel welcome.  Service during the movie was very discrete, courteous and non-disruptive. The food was excellent! Slider appetizers followed by a buffalo shrimp flat-bread really hit the spot. The cheesecake dessert really brought the whole night together as a wonderful experience that everyone should have at least once in their lives. Complete with the convenience of online seat reservation/payment, it doesn't get any better than this!This is the perfect place for a date or simply a night out to pamper yourself.
4	This theatre is the ultimate splurge!  From the comfy recliners complete with blanket and pillow (in the premium seating) to the fantastic wait staff you couldn't ask for a more luxurious way to watch a movie.  Being able to book online and have reserved seats is very convenient.  Yeah, it's expensive (total of $250 for premium seating and dinner for 5-no alcohol involved) but is worth it for a nice evening out with friends once in awhile!
3	A good experience, not a great one.  The seats in the movie theater are very close together, and when you turn your head and see someone else's shoe 6 inches from your face ... well, that is not good.  Service was fine, the food was fine, and it was an overall good night out with my man.  We are used to the IPIC in Pasadena, where you have a button on your table, and if you need your server, you buzz them ... not having that was a bit strange.  This theater is much bigger than the one in Pasadena, the bar is much larger, and the bathrooms are incredibly clean and spacious (that matters to some people quite a bit).
3	I found this place quite by accident. I went to Tanzy and this is right next door. I didn't realize that is it a whole concept and they are related. Salt, iPic and Tanzy. As a treat for my husband's birthday I got 2 premium plus seats. When we got to the theater the server gave us newbies the rundown. She said popcorn would be served all through out the movie....all they gave us was one bag.  A little bag. So I agree with the other reviewer that said you need a button to push for service because you pay enough to get more than one bag of popcorn. And a disappearing server...
4	What's great about this place is the chairs, assigned seating the servers bring you your food and popcorn that's what's great.
4	Who needs to watch a movie like your flying first class? Nobody does, but for those who wants too - there's and establishment for that. First off, their Salt Lounge is baronial. There is quite a few places in the greater Phoenix area where you can have a drink before/at the movies, but none as classy as this. I mean the concept has been taken far beyond the "going to the movies" experience. Kudos to whomever came up with this. Disregarding the drink connoisseur in me - and review the movie experience. I will disregard the movie in itself, and also the fact that it was a 3D movie.. because I don't like 3D movies. But the seats are comfy, very comfy.. and you have a little table to yourself.. and it is a pampering experience. I love that everybody that works here is dressed nicely in a uniform way, and act very appropriate. So service plays its part, but when it all is broken down it's still going to the movies. Not even iPic theatres can make me enjoy Dwayne "The Rock" Johnsons acting attempts. (How does he weasel his way into every franchise, Sam L Jackson style? But I digress..)The difference is, I guess, that if you are going on (trying to impress) a date, and willing to pony up the difference - yes, this is the way to go to the movies. No doubt. Pre-drinks and comfort - Hell yes. The restaurant looks absolutely stellar, but I haven't tried it. It has that Scottsdale-posh vibe that usually makes me a bit uncomfortable.*** I don't know this, but I have a feeling due to the location, the added price and the establishment itself.. this could be the place where I can count on not having crying babies in the atrium like I seem to always have everywhere else. And I would pay extra for that. ***.. und das..
5	It was our first time there. We enjoyed it. Staff was very friendly, we got the premium seating and it was worth the extra bucks. They also provide a blanket & pillow. I Ordered a Caesar salad and was surprised by the way it came out ( it was not like a normal salad) I kinda felt awkward when I ask for a fork  the server said you use your fingers. Honestly we will be back again.
5	YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE If you haven't yet!I got to go here back on July 15th while in town on business. I have one here local to me so knew it was a great way to get away and grab some lunch and catch a movie. I saw Grown Ups 2 and was really impressed with the Mall it's located in and the entrance and Premium Plus + seats are just amazing.  Service was excellent as always.If you've never been to a VIP theater this is worth it.  Where else can you can be like your at home, be served restaurant food and enjoy a movie all at one place.  Plus the awesome thing is you can pick your seats out, purchase it all from the iPad, iPhone or Android app or on the web even a week in advance so you know exactly when you're going and where you are sitting vs showing up and hoping you get a good seat or a seat at all as you find with normal theaters. Don't forget to with Premium Plus you get free Popcorn, a recliner, pillow and blanket with a personal waiter or waitress to get you drinks and food through out the movie.
1	I have been here 3 times.  Once when it first opened and twice in the past few months.  The first time was great.  Unfortunately, my last two experiences have been beyond disappointing.  I am a "member" and upgraded to the highest level of seating.   The "service" was awful, the food was cold once it finally arrived, & they forgot many items we had ordered.  I am assuming our waiter was off of his game today due to the ridiculous couple with 2 young children next to us who was giving him a hard time about their champagne, beer and bottle of wine they needed for a 12:30pm movie but who knows.  What I do know is that I will never return.
1	ProsGood Non-Imax theatreGood selection of drinks and foodBig seats for people 6'0 and shorterConsBad wait service.No service button.Dirty seats.Seats have bar in middle, must use pillow to mitigate discomfortAt 6'2 feet will rest on seat in front of you.Lets be sensible, its a theater I don't expect a miracle. But for premium seating.....However, this was the worst service i've had in a very long time.  I ordered a drink and meal and was ignored until the end of the film.  As anyone ordering an alcoholic drink knows, if you have to hunt down another drink in the middle of dinner... your distracted, and irritated.  I ultimately got another but had a cold dish to go with it.  It just made the film so-so.  The film wasn't great but that's not the theatres' fault.  I came for the film and top notch service, the service was rotten.Go to the esplanade for catered movies, they have a seat button for service, Ipic does not.
4	I've been to the iPic twice now - once with family to see "Jack Reacher" and the second time for a Yelp Event to see "Jobs". Both experiences were one of a kind and a unique movie experience. The iPic is located in the heart of the Scottsdale Quarter. It is upstairs, so look for the stairs/escalator going up near True Foods. Once on the second level, it is next to Tanzy. The actual iPic has a bar called Salt and on the other end, it is connected to Tanzy. It's nice that you can get a drink or some food before the movie, then once inside you can order off the menu for more drinks/food. Premium seating is the way to go - you get a pillow, a blanket, and the seat is super plush/comfy and reclines. This is the movie theater you want to go to for a 3 hour movie or when your date insists on a movie you don't want to see (you can take a nap!). I would highly recommend this theater in these types of situations. Otherwise, it can be a little pricey. (Regular seating is $18 and premium is $21 or $25.) If you sign up with them as a member, you can get preferred seating and a slight discount. Overall, seeing a movie at the iPic is something you have to do at least once!
5	Most people watch movies in their average theater just for the experience they get from the large screen and expensive sound system.  They rent movies so they can sit comfortably on a big couch at home, while maybe drinking a cocktail.  At iPic not only do you get the great sights and sounds that only a theater can produce, but you also get to sit in a comfortable sofa seat that reclines at the push of a button.  You get quiet and efficient seat side service for all your food and drink needs. Oh and you get a pillow and a blanket to get you just that much more comfortable!  This isn't a cheap theater, it's not supposed to be.  If you want a great experience and feel like really treating yourself well, head over to iPic theater for some great food, entertaining drinks, and luxury movie watching experience.
3	Defiantly a different experience. It was by far the fanciest movie theater I have ever been too. The amenities are much more extravagant then a regular movie theater would offer. Price, it is defiantly expensive. I signed up for the free membership which gives you $2 off each seat, but still pricey. The food, snacks, and drinks are all pricey as well. The food from the snack bar was decent but I would have preferred to try one of the restaurants. Seating, picking your seat is very nice because you for have to show up to the theater an hour early for a decent seat. The premium seats are the way to go because you get the wait service with them. I would have loved a refill but we were in the regular seats because all the premium were taken. I would go again preferably with a premium seat and dinner in a restaurant. Not something I would do each time I want to see a movie but defiantly again.
2	This theatre is over priced and overrated. The non-premium seats that don't come with food and beverage service, while being cushioned, don't recline at all and make for a very uncomfortable experience. They were $16 each, hadn't been cleaned, and are too close to the screen. I would rather have been at a "regular" theater. The ladies room is HUGE and has bigger seats in there! Who is going to hang out in there?
1	I went to iPic with a girl friend who was here from out of town back when it first opened and we had a blast! Since then, I've been trying to get my fiance to go with me but he thinks it's too expensive.  However, last week was his birthday and he mentioned that he'd like to go see Elysium at iPic.  I was thrilled!  I got online and purchased 2 of the premium seats ($54).  Upon arriving we were happy with our seats and we got settled in for the movie after ordering cocktails and food.  Our server brought us our stuff and we didn't see him again for over 45 minutes.  My fiance was out of beer but still had half of his flatbread left.  I FINALLY was able to wave down another server and asked her if she could please get us another round.  15 minutes later our original server showed up and asked us if we needed anything (uh...yeah...an hour ago!).  We ordered our round from him, as the other server never showed up with our drinks.  And, again, we didn't see our server until he brought us the bill.  Sad to say, I did something that I NEVER do...I tipped him $1 on a $67 check.  That's $67 on top of the $54 I paid for the tickets.  I'm sorry, but if I'm going to pay top dollar for a "premium" experience, I expect premium service.  Maybe iPic should at least install call buttons on their chairs like my preferred theater AMC Esplanade.  Save your money and skip iPic and choose AMC Esplanade.
5	This has been my third time at iPic and I have to say each time has been great. Although the prices are a little high, the truth is, the food, drink and comfort you get make the whole experience completely worth it. The bartenders were friendly and the servers were just fantatic. I can't say enough great things about how good the food was. If you havn't tried it, I would recommend the delux seats for your first experience. If that isn't for you, the normal seats are still super comfortable. Way better than any other theater I have been to.
4	"Yay! I'm a fan" is a pretty spot on description of iPic. I'm a fan. I can't be a regular because it's so dang expensive but I could never forget about it because the two times I've been there I've had a great time. The food is pretty good but since you're in an expensive movie theater, don't expect the food to be cheap.I'm still not sure how I feel about having servers during a movie, it's a bit of a nuisance so I would suggest that you don't go see a movie you REALLY want to see because it's likely to be interrupted every now and then.Overall it's an incredible movie-going experience because there isn't anything like it. iPic is one of a kid and if I could see movies there for the rest of my life at the same price as other theaters I wouldn't hesitate on that opportunity.
5	This place is the bomb! My first time going and it was extravagant for a theater. The lounge chairs reclined and the food was very tasty.
5	I have allowed my husband for the past few years to deter me from going to iPic because we could go to Studio Movie Grill for one-third the price and still have comfy reserved seats. (He had been here before, but I had not.)  No offense to the SMG, but on a semi-discounted mid-day week day, this was worth the price of admission and then some!  Really, comparing these two are like apples and oranges, or more like Ruth's Chris to In 'n Out Burger.  Both are great at what they offer, but it depends upon what you want out of the experience.First of all, this felt like a real date with my hubby . . . the all out wine and dine with a movie. We were in the high-end seats which recline, and ones that are just two together, instead of an entire row of seats. I didn't notice anything else going on in the theater. Contrary to some people's opinions, the servers never distracted my view. This has always been a problem for me at SMG as servers are always ducking in front of the screen.  Not so at iPic.  We also ordered off the menu -- we were both delighted with appearance and taste of everything we ordered . . . The Chinois Chicken Salad Rolls were delicious and filling. The Buffalo Chicken Spring Rolls were heavenly. You could taste all the flavors of the blue cheese and buffalo sauce with tender chicken. And lastly, we had the Loaded House Baked Potato Chips -- plenty to share . . . for two or maybe even more.The menu at the adjoining restaurant Tanzy looked tempting, so next time we might have brunch first on the weekend and then do the movie. Bravo to iPic . . . an Academy Award in my book!
3	Well I really like this place.  So why only three stars?  Well my food was cold.  I ordered meatball sliders and they were really cold when i got them.  Too bad too or else I would have rated this between a 4 and 5 star place.  Other than that, service was great.  Theater is wonderful!  Sat in the premium seats. Awesome way to watch a movie.  The seats recline electrically and they give you a blanket.  Compared to the other place over on 24th and Camelback, this place has a little more of an edge.  I do like the call button at the other place a little better but service here was good enough it was not needed.  I will go back and hopefully food will be better next time.  The other thing is food is kinda pricey.
5	I love this place! The blanket, pillow, recliner along with the popcorn and drinks tops ANY theater!
5	When someone asks "Do you want to go see a movie?" the usual picture that comes to mind is a typical theater experience. Cramped chairs, sticky floors, a few kids crying because their silly parents have them out too late, etc. Since I am new to the area, I had never been to iPic...to be honest I had not even heard of it. So when I accepted the invitation I really thought, "How fun! I haven't been to the moves in awhile!" Upon arriving, I knew instantly that this was NOT going to be my usual movie going experience. The interior felt more like the lobby to a real theatre used for live productions. My movie buddy had been before and showed me around. Really with the wine dispensaries? And how about access to a full bar while you wait? I kind of felt like I was in Disneyland for adults. This place screamed maturity, which was fine by me!Our seats were...well...amazing. Huge, cushy, AND able to recline. Ummmm...yay! You even get a little pillow and blanket, which works for me because I always freeze inside of a movie theater. Our waitress took our drink order (which came in real glasses by the way) and brought us some popcorn. We ordered dinner and chit chatted while we waited for the movie to start. The sound was perfect, the food was delicious, the service was great, and my first experience at iPic could not have been better. I will go back for sure! This isn't a weekly kind of outing because of the cost, but it is well worth it, in my opinion. It is a more luxurious way to see a movie and it really felt like a complete experience, which was exactly the intent I believe.
5	Warning!  If you choose to watch a movie at iPic, you may be rendered unable to see a movie at a regular movie theater ever again.Tickets are pricey... in my opinion, if I'm going to be paying that much for a movie anyway, I'm going to go ahead and splurge for the Premium Plus seats (plan ahead... make a reservation).  Arranged in pairs, these seats are ideal for two people to sit together, but a group will work if you don't mind extra space between every two of you.  The reclining chairs are more comfortable than my own couch, and the blanket and pillow threaten to put me to sleep before the Featured Presentation.  One of the unique things about iPic is the wait service in the theater.  Flag down a server for a drink, appetizer or entree and it will arrive at your seat to be enjoyed on a slide-out tray.  Everything is about comfort, and the experience is well worth the cost of admission.Hang out in Salt Lounge before your movie, or pair the evening with dinner at Tanzy!  Try the Nitro drinks, they are tasty and very "cool".
5	NOW THIS IS THE WAY TO WATCH A FILM! On a blisteringly hot day in Arizona buy a few tickets and spend the day inside. Heaven! Pure luxury. Food. Drink. And a big old soft comfy recliner.  You never want it to end. Way cool. Ah, come-on, can't I spend the night in here watching movies? P.R.E.T.T.Y. P.L.E.A.S.S.S.E? With sugar on top??????
3	I may never go to a 'regular' theater again!Premium seating includes a pillow and blanket . . . I usually take a shawl or scarf with me to the movies and always end out wesring it as a blanket,  so that was most welcome for me! Had drinks before the movie at the bar and had tableside mozzarella for the first time - they actually wheeled a cart to your table and poach mozzarella curds and make it into cheese right in front of you!  That was super cool, never experienced that before. Dinner was inside the theater,  I've always loved the concept. The menu had quite a few options, including a 3 coarse meal (from a limited menu). I had pretzel bread with cheese sauce, the trio of turkey burgers, and cheesecake brulet. The pretzel bread was my favorite, the turkey burgers weren't bad. I probably won't order them again. Overall it was an excellent experience amd I may be ruined for regular theaters forever. Dinner and drinks delivered to your seat - and I'm going to guess there's a "no under 18 rule".  If my next meal is better,  this'd be the perfect spot!
4	Great place to see a movie, deft not your typical theater. It is more than a regular theater, but I guess you get what you pay for. It is also in a great location so be sure to walk around the quarter when you get done. Great shops and lots of great places to eat
3	My first visit to this theater.  Very posh, luxury.  We spent $100.00 for a movie and desert.  The popcorn is average, nothing special.  They :serve food and drinks right to your seat, but good luck getting the server to come back after the first time.  Super ecpensive, not worth it.  I won't be back.  Its overrated ....
4	So yesterday was my first experience at Ipic and I must say I was not disappointed. Everything about the place screams luxury and truly was such a great experience from the waiters, bartenders, bathrooms and comfortable seating everything lived up to expectation. I would say the only negative would be that our movie started at 11:15 and we couldn't get into the theatre until 11:07 which made it feel a bit rushed. I like to sit relax and enjoy before my movie starts but other than that I truly enjoyed myself. I will certainly be back again!
4	I've never felt so spoiled watching a movie!iPic is a gorgeous venue.You reserve your seats ahead of time, so you don't need to arrive early to get good ones.  Just arrive, grab a drink at the bar and/or order some food.  It's all delicious.They provide blankets and popcorn, and even better, the seats recline.  It was wonderful.The only thing I didn't like too much is how often the server came by.At Studio Movie Grill they have a button you can push if you need something.  Otherwise they leave you alone.  I think iPic should do this, too.
4	Love going here for busy movie openings. I can arrive 5 mins before my movie starts and my seat will be there waiting. Waiters bring you a bag of popcorn and drink and whatever else you want to order. Seats are very comfortable and recline. Also comes with a blanket because it does get cold. A little expensive, about double Harkins each ticket. But worth it to watch movies where you don't want to deal with packed theaters or annoying kids screaming.
1	Had an AWFUL experience with a server named Justin & his manager Phil the other night.  My family and I received awesome service upfront & then were ignored, pretty much the rest of the movie.  All we wanted was the server to followup with us, get us refills and some ketchup.  Not too much to ask right?  We ended up getting a wrong drink, the wrong bill and being ignored, all for a total of $130 (three of us).  To top it off, the server Justin and his manager Phil refused to apologize.  A surreal, miserable experience I never want to endure again...my advice to others, go to the Studio Grill!!!  This place doesn't deserve your business.
4	IPic is a fun experience for a date and a good meal.   This place is great to get your grub on and catch a cool flick.  At first we couldn't find it, but eventually we found our way, its upstairs and is a little swanky but you would expect that when watching a movie in this manner.I ordered the fish and chips and they did really pretty good.We got the Premium Plus Seating which is extra but I would recommend, since you are already there, you might as well as take it all in...and we did. The seats are extremely comfy, you can kick back and enjoy the show as you lounge back.Also, the service here is delightful good to you, bar none.  IPIC YOU!
5	I really love going to iPic for special occasions or for big midnight showings, it's so worth it. I'm a loyal follower of some popular movie franchises, and booking an advance ticket is about a million times better than waiting in line. Here are some things I love about iPic:THE DRINKS: Very decent cocktails and the WINE CARD. I have a refillable card that I juice up when I go. The Wine Fountain is just fun. Normally I grab food and bring it in with me, but sometimes I order extra wine or desserts in premium seating. The reviews are true, you have to sit in premium to get service, but it's worth the extra 5 bucks. You also get a blanket and a pillow to keep you extra comfy. I've sat in the normal seating before with the food I got beforehand and was perfectly comfortable, but being able to recline and get waited on is obviously better. I sit up front when it's not a special occasion, or I'm dying to see a movie and it's the only spot left.THE FOOD: It's pretty good considering that it's a movie theater, I'm always pretty satisfied with it. However, like I said before, I usually come for the drinks and just snack. The entrees are a bit pricey for what you get.THE SERVICE: I've never had a problem with customer service at iPic, and I've been there 10+ times now. Always friendly and fast. One time we had a waiter who forgot to bring out one of our appetizers, we forgot about it too, so it wasn't a big deal. We let him know and he took it off our bill and comped our soft drinks, he apologized profusely. If you're not a jerk about it, they'll take care of you. These things happen.ATMOSPHERE: Amazing, luxurious, comfortable. It feels like you're in Kanye West's private movie room. It's really unlike any theater, and that alone is why I love coming to iPic.For the bad reviews, you have to understand that this isn't an AMC. It's not meant for the lazy thursday night with nothing to do (unless you're wealthy, then stop reading). You're going to spend a good chunk of change when you go. This place is great for a date night, holiday, birthday, or a fancy solo night. I've been here a couple times alone, and I feel a bit more comfortable than a traditional theater. Walk in with a flexible budget, and you'll have a great time. Pro Tip: Sign up to become a member, and you'll get a sizable discount on all of your tickets plus a free dessert on your birthday.
5	Nicest movie theater I've ever been to. I've gone to other dine in theaters but this one takes the cake ... There are two bars before you even go into the theaters. There are also wine dispensers to do a little wine tasting. I didn't try the food bc I had eaten breakfast shortly before arriving but it looked and smelled delicious!!! Theater was clean and the staff was extremely friendly!
3	Huge fan of Ipic and dine in theaters but on Christmas day they were a bit off at this location. Surprising because not many people were ordering snacks and grub bc of the Christmas day overstuffing! My husbands coffee was cold and my Vodka soda was blah...very hard to get down.  Perhaps the crowds were too much to keep everything in check on the busy Christmas day!  I'm stil a fan and love the decor in this location!
3	The concept is great, very comfortable seats. Book ahead of time because we got stuck in the front row! We do not have ipic where we live and were excited to go, I was disappointed that the different "levels" weren't explained to us, we probably would have seen another movie if we knew we could have a server up top.If you are someone that likes to eat healthy, spend your money elsewhere. The food was overpriced and not very good. My husband got a turkey sandwich and the turkey tasted old, and my sliders were greasy and mostly bread!! Also it's really inconvenient to have to go get your food (once again wish I would have known about different sections) I recommend this for the movie but like I said, skip the food!
2	This place is not as awesome as I was lead to believe.  The menu is "meh".  So is the food.  Also- you have to get online ahead of time & reserve the "good" seats.  If you're in a regular seat you have to order food at a counter & wait for your buzzer to go off & then get up to retrieve your order.  Since a lot of orders go in at one time (before the movie starts) it takes a while... So you end up getting up after the movie started & you miss part of it.  If you want drinks... Forget it!  You'll be up & down the whole movie.  Then your plates just sit there the whole rest of the show- not very relaxing.  The person next to you is right on top of you too.  I went to another dinner & movie theatre where you have a waiter the entire time & a much bigger menu.  It was way better!
2	This is a painful review for me to write because I truly love the idea of iPic. And the theater itself is gloriously wonderful. So is the food. But the hangup for me here is the absolute terrible service. And on a premium theater experience that encourages you to "sit back and relax" while you pay $25 a seat to have a waiter bring you drinks and food, they have some of the worst wait staff. 1.) It takes forever for your waiter to greet you and ask you want you want to drink. At first I thought this was atypical, but I've seen three movies in the past two months and each time I worried if anyone was even going to come by. 2.) They took our order but each of the three times forgot something. They didn't charge us, but  for example, I asked for Reese's Pieces to be brought out after dinner. (Which they say they will time for you). Never saw them. Server also never came back to even check on us. 3.) Hard to get popcorn and drink refills. It feels like after they deliver your food they disappear. Twice I needed a drink refill and could not get one. The other time he came super late and then took forever to bring it back. Ugh. So all in all I would recommend iPic for the seats but don't expect good service. I'll go back because the seats are so comfy and it still beats Harkins. Just really dissapointed that for the price and the image they market themselves as, they are really falling short.
3	I was super stoked to come here after hearing about all the hype of this theatre. I generally don't see a ton of movies, and honestly half the reason I was willing to see this movie was because I really wanted to check this place out. So first off the positive - I really loved the whole concept of this place, comfortable seating, gourmet food and booze! They have this awesome wine dispensing system in the lobby of the bar. I ordered the pretzels and they were pretty awesome, and large enough that two people could totally share.The bad: unless your going to splurge on the Premium Plus Seating which will set you back $27.00 for a movie - It's simply not worth it. Their premium seating isn't much more comfortable than what you would find in a normal theatre. Going to see a movie, getting a cocktail and a snack will set you back at least 75.00 for an evening for 2 people. That being said - next time I come here I will for sure have to try the premium plus seating, but I won't be rushing back!
5	Ipic theater was great it was my first time it was an experience to be there with Hubby and the people there was very  nice a it a little pricey but we will be going back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Honestly, I haven't been able to go to a regular theater since I experienced iPic for the first time two years ago. Super comfy chairs with the vip purchase (reclines with popcorn, service & a blanket), the regular seating is still relatively comfortable, just not as great as the vip. The only thing, is it can be super pricey. Still love it though!
2	I really want to like this place, but after so many tries and "chances" it becomes more and more difficult. The seating is great (I recommend the premium plus seats) and very comfortable. The menu is so so, and could certainly use some creativity and occasional new items. However, eating in the dark doesn't leave a ton of room for culinary creativity, so I think they are doing the best the can. Here's where the trouble comes in.....the service. It's somewhere between below average and painfully awful. I have been here many, many times, so I don't consider myself a novice and wouldn't pass judgment after one or two bad experiences. The service is just always a problem. It's rare to be greeted quickly, regardless of when you arrive. This makes the idea of getting there early and ordering dinner before the movie pretty irrelevant. Once a server does take your order, you most likely won't see them again until they drop off your check. The check back rule after you get your food doesn't exist here. The food is always delivered by a food runner that is on a mission to dump your plates and run out of there as fast as possible. From then on, you are basically on your own and better hope for the best that you don't need anything. On several occasions my check has been wrong, extra items added or even left off, my credit card missing, etc...then have to search out my server after the movie.The whole thing is really frustrating. What a great idea that just isn't executed well. Have I offered the management feedback? Yes, in fact 3 times. Twice in person and once by email. Their response: "thanks for the feedback, we're working on it".  I think you've have had more than enough time to "work on it".
2	Front desk and seating was what earned the 2 stars. Unfortunately once seated our server was nonexistent. She said she would serve us for an hour and a half. We asked for a pitcher of beer she told us they only did glasses but they were only $2 each. Unfortunately she never came back. I finally for up missing the movie to ask another server in the hall for help. She finally came back over an hour into the movie. Just spent over $50 just to miss part of a movie and stress about flagging down a server. Ouch.  :(
5	When you want a real movie experience outside the home, the best choice is iPic!  Plush seating, pillow, blanket, reclining chair, drinks and food ordered to your seats. Doesn't get better than this folks! Take a date or the Hubcap, you won't be disappointed!The staff and management at iPic is superior as well!
3	I love the idea, and after a friend treated my seven year old and me to a similar experience at a different theater, my daughter is hooked on eating lunch while watching movies.  So, we decided to try iPic today on the spur of the moment.  Have to say that the $50 admission for one adult and a child before even ordering lunch was honest to goodness sticker shock.  Perhaps because I see mostly kids' movies with my daughter, which are usually matinees (but so was this one), tickets are usually in the $15 to $20 range for both of us.  Was the blanket, little pillow and recliner worth the extra $30?  It was a fun difference, but I'd have to say no.  The food was OK, but my daughter didn't like the chicken strips, which is really a pretty hard kid favorite to mess up, so she filled up on fries and popcorn (the popcorn is included with the $50 admission, as is valet parking).  I had a flatbread pizza, and some fries, and it stayed with me the rest of the day, and not in the best way!  Perhaps I just made less than optimal choices from the menu.  The girls at the box office did say that if I became a member tickets were less expensive, but I guess I was out of luck on my first trip.  The whole outing ended up costing $85 (with no beer, wine or cocktails) which makes me think there's a whole lot of other entertainment choices out there for $85.  And I know if I frame it that way for my daughter, we won't be back very soon or very often unless there's a Groupon or other discount out there, and I do think there have been some, and we'll probably just order a snack or some drinks, but not a whole lunch.  I'd also have to agree with some other reviewers in that it does take a while to get your food - I guess perhaps it's best to show up 20 minutes or so before the movie starts if you want to eat with the opening credits.  I had to request a kids menu even though the server had already stopped by to greet us and I thought that perhaps we had come to a place where they didn't cater to kids, and I didn't even know drink refills were an option!  The servers are pretty scarce once they drop your food off - I guess they are tying to walk the line of keeping patrons happy while also staying out of the way of the movie.
5	We love this place and try and go every chance we get. If we ever want to treat ourselves we go here. Staff is always on point and if not they go out of their way to correct it. Reclining chairs are always comfortable, as are the pillows/blankets.Menu items have always been great quality especially truffle fries.I love the small theater feel as well.People who come here and pay that much are not going to use their cell phone the whole time which is a plus as well.Sign up for membership for deals, contests and member perks.
1	This place is really awesome very affordable price and it's worth it . Except it's not great when ur watching a good movie and parents brings there infant to the movies not cool
3	I still enjoy coming here but not as much as I use too. I feel like the service from the servers, has gone way down!!! I had to leave the movie a couple times to get a refill for myself from some other server in the hall or get dips that I asked for and never received. It's happened the last couple times. It's kinda a hit or miss on service... Not sure if worth the price anymore...
5	I just love this place! It is the most awesome movie going experience! The food is always wonderful. I am partial to the Turkey Sliders, Sweet Potato Fries & the Chinous Chicken Salad Rolls. My husband & children love the Beef Sliders, Truffle Fries & Flatbread Pizzas. Our service is consistently outstanding!Definitely try it out!
3	To be clear: the movie I saw was half filled with patrons. With that said--Love the theater but the service was awful. The building and the decor are gorgeous; Immaculately clean and no old popcorn smell. The premium plus seating was so inviting and comfy it makes you feel like you were at home( recliner, blanket and pillow).   That's pretty much where the wow factor ends for me. The "complimentary" popcorn was cold and tasteless but that was expected. The waiters took really long to even acknowledge us although people who entered after were treated with all sorts of pomp and circumstance. When we finally got the waiter's attention the guy did not get my order correct ( or the kitchen decided medium is the same as a well done steak) and took half the movie to bring a single glass of wine. I felt completely ignored and disregarded at the end. For what they charge, I expected better service to go with such a nice environment. My advice: order before and take your food /drink in; those waiters will just let you down.
5	Such a fun experience! Have been a few times - drive from Tucson because its so worth it. Girls night, Date night, etc all are a fun fit! The seats are super comfy and I am always cold so love the blanket. The food and drinks are very good.Of course it's expensive...but worth it every once in a while!
5	A comfy recliner, 22 oz. craft beer, blanket, and a bag of warm popcorn.  What could be better than a Wednesday afternoon at the Scottsdale iPic?  Pretty much nothing.
5	Well whatever issues with the service/wait staff going on toward the end of last year, I can positively say they are fully resolved. Since my last review I have been to iPic in Scottsdale on 2 separate occasions and BOTH of them were absolutely stellar. I mean perfection. So wonderful that I was skeptical it was a fluke, hence why it took me a few more times to really, fully, believe iPic is once again a true movie experience. Attentive wait staff? CheckUnlimited popcorn (2-3 refills and fast) CheckMore wine? More iced-tea? Check, checkAwesomely timed dinner and dessert? CheckDELICIOUS food? CheckI always get the VIP upgrade b/c I love the seating (becomes a giant bed with a super soft blanket). Really, THANK YOU iPIC for your constant attention to service and willingness to improve.
5	Wow!  The new age!  The most comfortable movie experience I have ever had outside of a living room.  Basically the same comfort as a living room - oversized comfy lazy-boy-style chair, blankets, pillows... free water and popcorn (nice)... service to your seat by an attendant who tries very hard not to disturb anyone during the film... an okay drink and food list (much better than expected, but hey, it's still the movies...)  Great screen, audio, visual, sensory, overall time at the movies!
4	I love the experience and have a good time. The service can be spotty but it has been better recently.  It's good to be a member if you go for cheaper seats.
4	Is it worth $25 for a reclining seat, and a wait staff with  no call button? I don't know, but I keep coming back, because I like not having to fight my way over a row of screaming children and their plebeian parents just to get a darn cocktail! Waiter!!
5	For those of you who know me, I like things that are posh, swank and stylish. Who'd have ever thought that this could apply to going to the cinema? iPic really is the business class of movie going. It's like W Hotels and Virgin got together and opened a movie house. I walked through their restaurant, Tanzy and it was dark, cozy and intimate. The lobby itself, is dark, swank and dare I say, sexy. There are a few self-service terminals and as well as a check-in desk that felt more like a concierge at a hotel. I caught a glimpse of their bar, Salt and it look just as posh. No food this time around but my 22oz Samuel Adams from the take-away area was very reasonably priced under $10 which was a pleasant surprise given the surroundings. The folks the work that counter are very friendly and personable.They really make for a pleasant, unique, movie-going experience. Yes, you could be paying nearly twice what you pay at AMC or Harkins (they're local...keep that in mind!) but there are so few movies out nowadays that actually compel me to go to the cinema that when I do go, why not make the night an experience.This is actually a great venue for a date night, or a group night out with your most  discerning friends. I see myself coming back for "Malificent", the next "Hunger Games" flick, and of course, the next "Hobbit" film. Go to Harkins if you're being dragged out to see the next stupid Adam Sandler movie. But for a real event, shell out the extra cash and go out of your way to come here.
5	I feel like I'm jumping on the bandwagon here but why not?I never take my kids here because I like to come here to avoid kids. You don't usually see children here, especially in the evening. Don't hate me - I have kids, I love kids, I just don't like being in a crowded movie theater with them.I came here recently to see Godzilla with a friend. I opted for the premium plus seating - for an extra $5 you get a lounge chair!  I like being able to order from a server who scoots around and whispers so others aren't bothered. Ok, Ok, maybe I will bring my kids here sometime for a matinee if they promise to be really good. However, the risk is that they'll never want to go back to a regular theater.
1	Just left IPic Theaters in Scottsdale with a sore neck and back. DON'T ever get the tan "premium" seats. They don't recline at all and even though they are a beautiful leather, I've been more comfortable in airline seats. The film--Railway Man--was so intense my husband and I didn't want to walk out and miss the show, so we sat and suffered.  I didn't realize till the end of the show that my husband was as uncomfortable as I was. We complained to the manager--Phil--but he said he'd never heard a complaint about those seats before--however I've read quite a few online complaints, so I suspect he was "marketing." The theater lobby itself was awesome and the filet mignon sliders were to die for.So, either pay the $25 or so for the "premium plus" seats or go to your local Harkins for a better experience.           Cynthia C.
3	We've been going to iPic now for a couple of years.  I should have written this review a while ago and if I had it would have been 5 stars instead of 3.  My big complaint is the menu change, specifically the beer selection.  They used to have really cool and unique beers.  They had most of the usual suspects and it never changed but at least you had something unique.  Now, the beer selection looks more like Studio Movie Grill or TGI Fridays.  Too bad as it is such a cool theatre, but let's face it, it is the ability to eat and drink that separates this theatre from others.  And, if all you have is a very bland selection, then it takes away from the experience and lumps it in with everyone else.  We have taken the kids here (11 &17) and have always had a good experience with them.  They really like it but, as another reviewer mentioned, they won't want to go anywhere else.  Blankets and popcorn for premium plus is the only way to go.Standard seating really makes no sense, as you have to get up during the movie to get food and drinks.  Better to pony up the extra cash to sit in the big seats and not miss any of the movie.As far as the food goes, it is hit or miss, with most being hits.  However, the salad rolls from the other night were rubbery with a really odd mouth feel.  Some things just weren't made to be eaten in the dark.Waiters and waitresses are always pleasant and helpful.Please please please consider revising your beer selection so it doesn't look like Bennigan's.  I realize you may not be selling a ton of those obscure selections, but they are a big reason we go here.
4	Gorgeous theater lobby almost like a Broadway theater. I had my own personal screening for Railway Man last night. No one was there but me. That was awesome. (great Flic by the way) I had a free ticket from a Gatsby costume contest last year so that helped. This place is very nice but hilatiously expensive. A night out here will cost you dearly between Valet, ticket price, and 15 dollar soda and dessert. I can not imagine if you ate here. That must be close to a sixty dollar evening.  So while this is very nice, it is an only once in a while treat. The theater itself is very swanky. You get a blanket, pillow and lounger chairs.( do not fall asleep lol) Oh yeah, and this might be an odd comment, but I find the bathrooms here breathtaking. lol-They are so, so nice.  See I still have a little girly, girl and Ny finery left in me.
5	In the last year, my husband and I have discovered these new types of theaters that offer a luxury experience. We are regular patrons of the AMC Esplanade but wanted to try iPic for a date night. We loved it! I thought the premium seats were the most comfortable about of all the luxury theaters we have tried. I am never going to a regular theater again. Ever. You have a blanket and pillow waiting for you when you buy the premium seats. My only complaints are the hand railing blocked some of the screen, and the recliners were not made for tall people. My husband is 6'5 and could not recline the seat, have his legs out straight, and not kick the head of the person in front of him. Oh, and one more complaint, I thought the menu could be a little bigger and offer a little more variety. I just wasn't wowed by the choice, they seemed very comparable to other theaters. The truffle fries, were delicious! Our waiter got to us quickly and his service was excellent. The prices for the tickets were a little pricey ($54) but the food and drinks were $46 with tip. So we figured that would be close to the total of a dinner at an upscale restaurant. We got to iPic like 10 minutes before our movie started so we didn't have time to sit around and have some drinks before, but the bar next door looked pretty cool. I noticed the typical Scottsdale crowd, so IDK if I'd venture over there anyway. Maybe!Overall, I enjoyed the experience and we will definitely be back!
1	Date night with the hubby... Ughhh where do I start. I've visited Ipic many times and have always loved my experience. You do pay extra $$$ for the comfortable premium seats, the service and overall experience. Why pay 50+ for tickets for your waiter to be gone most of the time and not even come by and check on drinks. I normally will have a couple cocktails however the waitress came over and was rude when asking what we wanted to drink. I ordered their prickly Rita and my hubby the Long Island... What do we get? Who knows it was gross. I decided to ask for a glass of wine and from that point on I never saw our waitress again.... Even until the movie ended we had to walk out the theatre and look for her to sign off on my tab. What happened to this place? No service, fowl smelling blankets, and unkept bathroom. Don't know if I will come back.
1	So I decided to take my fiancee back to Ipic to see "edge of tomorrow" at this I-Pic location which we have been to times before and absolutely love. But, this time we definitely came home feeling verrrrrry unsatisfied!!! To start off our waitress what very irritated about taking out orders. I ordered a long island which is always my go-to drink, my fiance ordered a prickly pear margarita. We finally get them and neither of us had any clue what we got. Now I'm not the type of person to send drinks back but we had too! So she ordered a glass of house wine which was fine but i ordered my second drink of choice, Captain n coke, which was nooooot correct, but drank anyways. Also ordered pretzel sticks, they were ehhhhhh, which is weird because the food is always good!?!? After that, we didn't see our waitress till after the movie when WE had to find our tab and card which two different ppl had... Seriously wanted to give a $0 dollar tip, which i neeeever do and didn't still because she was standing right next to me waiting, so i gave her one.   To top it off, my fiancee went to the bathroom and she walked into a stall, well there was feces in the toilet!!!! Now were not sure if we will go back unless they send us a gift card, so they can prove to us that we should return. Wondering if they are under new or no management because from this experience they seem like they are. When you come to an establishment like this and pay $$$$$, the service should always be better than the movie because that is the whole point. Getting one star tonight because the movie was BADASS....Wish we would have just gone to superstition springs harkins threater which is 5 minutes away. Get it together Ipic .... Have a great day!!!
5	"Dinner and a movie" doesn't do iPic justice. This is the COOLEST way to watch a movie. They've got many of the new releases you come to expect from any theater, but the comfort and service you would receive from a posh lounge.You've got options. Purchase the regular seats closer to the screen or the uber-stylish reclining ones towards the back. The regular seats are still quite good, though if you're ready to do things the right way, and you should be, throw down for the more expensive experience. Here's what you'll get if you do:-Leather reclining chairs-Complimentary popcorn-Comfy blanket-Full menu and wait serviceiPic shares the same kitchen as the excellent conjoined restaurant, Tanzy. Before the movie, the previews include short interviews with their renowned chefs that tease you with glimpses of their signature dishes. No fair! Now you HAVE to order everything on the menu.It truly is an unforgettable movie-going experience. If you've never been, just do it. You'll be happy you did.**200th Review!!**
3	We went to see Maleficent this past weekend and although the movie was good I am not so sure $25 per ticket was worth it. The seats were full off stains, the blankets smelled as if they hadn't been washed in weeks, and the tables do not come out far enough so that you aren't covered in food and crumbs... not sexy for a date night. I was fortunate enough to have enough crumbs down my shirt for a snack later.... um, kinda gross. I must say I was a little worried that I couldn't see my food at all so I was a little freaked that I didn't know if there was a hair in it or not but overall the food tasted good. I feel there should be a call button so that you can summon the waitress. My burgers were to come with a thousand island sauce however I asked that it be replaced with ketchup. That didn't happen which meant I had a dry hamburger and no way to call her to fix it. By the time someone came to ask if we needed anything else, the food was already cold. The apple martini was tasty and the wine bar in the lobby was cool. Total cost for the night: $50 on tix$80 on foodPretty pricey for dirty seats. I don't think I'll be rushing back. I'm going to try out the rest of the fancy movie theaters before I say I'll never be back but trust I won't be back anytime soon.
5	I had complaints about other theaters.. not enough room, too loud etc.  I found this place after a referral from my husbands friend.  Now we go all the time and we love it.  Pricey but well worth the experience.  we both love being spoiled.  Makes it hard to go to any other theater. nothing compares.  I love the recliner, the pillow, blanket, the sound the room, comfort and having a waiter bring you great things to eat while you watch.  Also there is valet, free too! IM a fan for LIFE
5	Please please please please please please please come to Nashville!!!! This is one of the coolest experiences!!! Great for a date or family adventure. If this were in Nashville I'd go to the movies soooo much more!! Plush, reclining seats, your own waiter, free popcorn, full cocktail and dinner service, and free valet.... Come on?!? Perfect movie experience!
4	Had a family affair for Father's Day at IPic. We saw the new Tom Cruise pic, which I wasn't a fan of, but my husband likes those sort of movies. It was his day after all.Didn't have the premium seats, but sat in the leather seats in the front. Not that comfortable. If your short, the head rest hits you so your head is basically jutted forward and bent down. Wasn't comfortable for me, but my husband seemed to think so. Just a suggestion, make those seats recline just a little so the short people can enjoy them.The sodas were a good size as was the popcorn, both of which had refills, so not total sticker shock. However, there's something about the popcorn at Harkins...just better.We had brunch at Tanzy next door, food was great, service was great. Overall, a good experience. I'd do it again for and occasion or a special movie.
4	My wife and I wanted to see a movie the other day. I'd been wanting to go here for quite some time to check it out since I'd heard so many good things.We opted for the premier seats in the back that recline. They were so comfortable that if the movie hadn't been interesting, I certainly would have passed out.The popcorn was really delicious too. Probably the best I've had at a theater.The menu pricing for drinks is a bit mixed - I can understand $5 for a beer, but not for a non-alcoholic iced tea. I will say that the draft beer I had seemed a bit stronger than I expected, not sure how. Not a complaint, just an observation.The entire place feels really upscale.We plan to come back at some point.
4	I've never been to a place like this before.  All I can say is that I don't think I'll be able to go to a regular theater again.  I've been here about five times and I never regret paying the premium for everything.  The fillet sliders are great.  They also give you free popcorn!  How can you say no to free popcorn?  Okay so it's a little pricey for the premium seats, but it's a treat if you don't mind the cost.P.S. Be prepared to dish it out (see what I did there?) if you decide to watch "Chef" while being asked by a server what you want to eat as you watch the movie.
5	Oh, iPic, how I love thee! Whether you're sitting in Premium seats (leather armchairs) or Premium Plus (leather recliners w/ all the amenities), it's THE best way to see a movie. Probably not the type of theater you'd go see a movie EVERY time because it'd get a little expensive :-) But on a date night or for a kickass movie you've been waiting to see, this is the place! I'm all about springing for the Premium Plus seats...the difference in cost is worth it for all the perks you get: comped valet parking, free popcorn, reclining seat, blanket & pillow, and wait service. Sign up to be a member and you get a small discount on tickets and a gift card after earning so many points.
4	At first I didn't want to go here  because I thought the name was stupid. However, it's a pretty nice theater and after going here it's kind of hard to go back to a regular theater. There is decent  restaurant combined with the theater service, so this is convenient for me as a parent (babysitter per hour fees at home).
2	If you don't pay for the upgraded premium seats, it really is not worth the visit. Paid $32 for 2 tickets to a recent movie and quickly found out we were paying for the grand entrance and not much else.For the price you do get a leather chair that does not recline in any fashion and a wooden tray that is sticky, gross and can not be hidden. The actual experience of the movie was on par.. Sound, picture, lighting etc but after 2 tickets and 2 drinks from the bar that you have to get yourself, one is left to wonder why you just paid $60 for a $20 experience. In my opinion, either spend the extra money and go for the upgraded seats or don't waste your time at this theater.
4	This is such a great way to see a movie. We get the chairs way in the back.Super comfy. The chair lean back, feet go up and relax. There's great distance between you and the people next to you. It spoils you. They also give you free popcorn (yee haw!)Dinner is brought to you and they have special trays. The only problem is once you get your food, the wait staff never appears again. Of course the movie is going and you don't want someone interrupting. But if you've got a problem with your food (says someone who has never received utensils), you're out of luck The food is either great or bad, nothing in between. So I would catch dinner at one of the great restaurants in Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland (right across the street) and just go for the movies.It's a great date night.
2	So I visited Ipic for the second time since they opened years ago and let me say that after going to the Biltmore AMC suties for the past few years this Theater is no longer a novel concept and completely unimpressive.Lets start with the price.  i had a giftcard for 50 dollars that I had no used since Christmas and at any other movie theater this would cover the cost of the tickets and might get you a drink or a couple of treats.  Nope.  50 dollars was just enough to cover the cost of 2 tickets on a sunday afternoon showing at 2:15 which is ridiculous in itself, and the fact that Friday and Saturday nights are even more expensive is just stupid.  So we show up to the theater and the first initial experience is very nice.  a front desk person to greet you and print you your tickets and a nice bar atmosphere.  Once inside the movie theater the experience changes though.  the seats are extremely close together and have started to be worn down from so much use over the years.  there was a hard metal bar right in the middle of my back and same for my girlfriend.  the cushion for your elbow was worn down and you can feel the indent from so many other people before you.  When you went to go lay your seat back, it would only recline just slightly, no one near the level of comfort you get from the recliners at AMC.  they also give you no leg room whatsoever in these seats.  if someone next to you wants to get out of their seat the recliner needs to be put back to non reclining mode for the person to move out.  the people sitting behind you practically have their feet hanging over your head as well which i find disgusting.  the table they give you is extremely small and wobbles, barely room for a plate and a drink.  they don't have any other place to set multiple glasses if you get a water and a beer, they also have no place to set the menus other than on the floor if you don't want to be resting your arm on them the whole movie.  the seats that I had didn't have any seats in front of us but in order to recline all the way both me and my girlfriend had to put our feet under a bar and were almost squished against a wall.On to the next portion of the IPic experience, the food.   Everything is a la carte.  when you order a 15 dollar burger it doesn't even come with fries.  those can be purchased separately for 9 dollars if you would like.  now granted the portion for the 9 dollar fries might be a little larger than you would normally get but that still doesn't excuse the a la carte bullshit for a theater setting.  I ordered the lobster roll for 18 dollars which came with a small portion of potato chips and the roll.  when i received my  meal, the lobster roll came on a bun that was smaller than most hot dog buns and had a very small portion of actual lobster roll filling on it.  the meal was tasty but for 18 dollars it was a complete rip off.  my girlfriend ordered the trio special they had where you got to pick an appetizer, entree and dessert for 26 dollars.  she chose the pretzel sticks, sliders and a brownie ice cream dessert.  while all the food was extremely tasty the portions you got and the prices were almost infuriating.  our bill after tip came to 75 dollars.  if i didn't have a gift card i would have dropped 125 bucks on lunch and a sunday afternoon movie?!!  i could have gone to AMC and paid less than half that and had a great meal, sat in larger much more comfortable seats, have a small light to eat by, a call button for my server instead of having to wait for them to come to us, and actually have leg room when laying my recliner almost flat. In closing, IPic is a complete waste of money and if you think this place is the best thing since sliced bread you have clearly never been to the AMC suites.  I will never go back to this theater.
5	A completely exciting experience. Some reviewers insist that it is not a "novel" idea so it isn't exciting, but iPic is really good. Everything is high-end, clean, and professional.If you get the top seats, you get popcorn, pillows, and a blanket and a really sweet movie watching experience. You can order drinks (reasonably priced) and food. You can get the bottom seats and still enjoy all of the above, except no food.Overall, I've been here three times and I've never been disappointed.
5	God I wish they had one here in boring Tucson:( This place is the best thing EVER!!! The service at Tanzy was amazing. Our server was also fantastic!
3	Nice spot but the wine machines were down, lol! Love the general experience and encourage everyone to come here. Still, I prefer this establishment over your basic  amc.
2	My wife and I decided to catch a afternoon movie, a rare treat with a two year old, and decided to go to the Ipic theatre. We had previously gone to a cineopolis in del mar, California, which was a fantastic experience. Unfortunately, this was not nearly as good a experience. For starters, the price was steep, even for luxury cinemas standards. This in itself wouldn't have been too bad if you'd get what you pay for. In my opinion we did not get that. The theatre is nice looking, and the bathrooms are modern and very clean. The staff was helpful with one exception, but I'll get to that. The absolute biggest disappointment of the afternoon was the seats. For $25 per seat I'd expect a comfortable seat and a Unobstructed view. I'm 6'1 and the handrail going up the aisles was blocking out the bottom corner of the screen, minor perhaps, but at that price I expect better. The seat itself was old, and either a metal or wood bar in the back of the seat was stabbing me in the lower back. I thought "maybe it's just this one seat", but nope, my wife had the exact same issue. It would have been comfortable enough if not for those bars. As it was though, they quite literally kept me from enjoying the movie. My feet were basically hanging over the woman in front of me, it was slightly embarrassing and uncomfortable. Thankfully we didn't have any feet above us, being in the last row, otherwise I don't think I would have stayed. The food, while expected to be overpriced, was tiny and a la carte. Fries are $9 extra. Ouch. Do I dare look what I paid for that cup of ice (with some soda to fill the spaces)? The service was decent, though I'd have preferred a button to call the guy, vs him just showing up during the movie at times.$26 for a plate with a appetizer as a side and a piece of pie the size of my thumb. Ouch again. The movie would have been so much more enjoyable if those seats hadn't made my entire lower body go numb. Am I regressing?Finally, the torture in the seats was over and we were leaving. While waiting for my wife, I mentioned the uncomfortable seats to the girl manning the podium where she checks your tickets. She looked at me like I was blank wall. I don't know if my comment just didn't register with her, or if she couldn't believe my audacity to mention something so unthinkable to her. Either way, she just gave me a blank stare and said nothing. I walked away. So there is a nice AMC luxury cinema in town? Guess where I'm going next time.Sorry, but this was a fail for Ipic theatres.
3	I can't give a five star review because I got the seats that were in front (premium only).. and I got motion sickness. We also got the 3D showing they offered the kind of glasses that cover your eyes and are heavy.. probably added more to my motion sickness.  The tickets up front are just not worth it even though its cheaper. You can't order food at your seat(which is the whole reason why we came to the "dine in" theater) and you are looking up close for a good 2 hours (average movie time).  I had to miss a good amount of the movie because I just had to step outside....  I want to come back a 2nd time for the premium plus seats though the price seems steep. The problem is the website... it really doesn't tell you that you cant order food at premium only.. it was not until I got to the theater that I found out.. and we were hurrying to order our food.  The food was really yummy, we ordered at the bar and the waiter was nice enough to walk with us to our seats so we're not awkwardly holding 3 plates and 2 drinks ourselves.  Our food:Lobster roll-  The flavors will blow your mind.. but so will the shock of the small portionSliders- This was the recommendation by all my coworkers that have previously been to the theater.  They were yummy but a little bit on the cold side, it would have been nice to come with a small portion of fries.  But I did see that everything seems to come in a la carteTruffle fries- So much truffle oil taste, yum yum! A great item for sharing purposesPro tips: GET PREMIUM PLUS SEATS, come a little early to order food.
5	I absolutely LOVE going to this theater.  I love reclining in the seats and snacking on the caesar spears and a tap poured Stella.  I've never encountered anyone rude or out of composure; they are always kind, accommodating and full of personality.  I can't sit long in "normal" theaters without it being painful.  The experience of watching a movie out comfortably is worth the money; however, if it wasn't quite so expensive we would probably go more often.  My wife and I signed up for the free membership and that helps on price.  Her birthday is coming up on September 1st.  I'm hoping the membership gives her some kind of benefit on her special day!
2	The movie was awful but at least the seats were uncomfortable.We've tried IPic twice now; not a fan.  For a 16.00 movie ticket I would at least like a comfortable seat without being forced to upgrade.  These "cheap seats" are angled such that you have to sit "up and forward" which is not conducive to a comfortable, movie-watching experience.  I expect the over-priced drinks and lame bar food but at least give me a comfortable seat!Seriously, the wife and I had to slouch down and sideways to get comfortable; no thanks.Somebody please bring back Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club!  THAT was a great way to have dinner and a movie.
3	So after my last scathing review of Ipic I was emailed by the companies PR rep and received an apology for the bad time that I had.  They wanted to do anything they could to make it up to me.  I let them know short of redesigning their theaters and updating the chairs they wouldn't get me back in to their establishment.  I then received an email from one of the managers and he offered me two free premium seats plus a 50 dollar tab which I thought was more than fair.   So I happily accepted and made a reservation to go back.  I chose to go see Into the Storm with my girlfriend and we walked in and had our tickets reserved with a friendly greeting from one of the managers on duty.  When I got in to find my seat we were given the very back row but our seats weren't sharing an arm rest and were separated from each other. So I went back out of the theater and was able to exchange them for two seats next to each other in the front row of the premium seats.  This was nice and not at the same time.  When you recline the seat all the way I had to rest my feet on top of the divider that separates the "cheap" seats from the expensive ones but it was at such an awkward angle it would make my leg fall asleep so I had to have my legs bent the whole time.  I would love to meet the guy who came up with the design for these "luxury" theaters and smack him upside the head for thinking it was a good idea to give each person 0 extra leg room.  Then the issue of the seats came back.  This seat was no better.  Still has a bar or some type of support right in the middle of your back that is extremely uncomfortable and the cushion on my seat kept sliding out every time I readjusted myself.  Just all around starting to feel run down and in need of replacement and a redesign.  The food we ordered was still over priced for what we got and not any better than something you can get at any other dine in theater experience for much less.  I'm increasing my rating one star for the fact that the staff truly did care about my bad experience and I was blown away by the offer they gave me to get me to come back.   sadly though in the end it didn't matter. Comfort, bigger and better leather recliners, extra leg room, a small light by my seat to see the menu, a server call button, cheaper food and cheaper booze all win out over the Sub par IPic experience.  I don't think I will ever be back unless a complete over haul of their theaters is made.  For now I'll take my money and have it go further at the AMC suites.
3	Big and fancy, but a little lacking compared to the AMC Esplanade. For starters, no server ever came by to see if I needed/wanted anything during the previews.  I found out later that is because we paid for the non-premium seating (which still cost a small fortune.) The non-premium seats are comfy, but they don't convert to love seats or have trays for you to put your food/drink on, nor do they recline.  These amenities, along with complimentary popcorn and a blanket and pillow come with the premium seats (even more pricey) though!  So even with a membership, you're gonna fork out $25 a ticket on the weekend ($17 on a weekday).  Crazy.  There is also no matinee pricing.  Could be why it was nearly empty on a Sunday.   Anywho... It's okay.  If you want to be able to pick your seat ahead of time and not fight the lines, have "free" popcorn, and don't mind the price tag, its a nice enough theater.  Best bang for your buck? Not even close.
5	Seats are comfortabIe and the food is delicious. I will definitly recomend ipic to everyone.
2	Wow, the most uncomfortable seat in town! Both my husband and I couldnt get pass this. You cant even look up to the as it doesnt recline and the head cushion is to big, forcing my head down. We did NOT buy the most expensive seat but for the overall experience, its not worth it to us. The screen an the theater itself was nice. By far a better experience at Studio Movie Grill... Better seats, they deliver the food to your seat, etc.
5	Probably the best of the luxury theaters in the Valley.  Unlike the AMC Esplanade, which forces you to choose movie times based on the Fork and Screen or more plush (and more expensive) Cinema Suites experience, iPic offers both in the same theater.  You can opt for premium recliner seats that come with a blanket, pillow, and complimentary small popcorn, or the regular seating closer to the front, which is less plush and doesn't come with anything, including service.  Haven't tried the food here yet, but the drinks are good.  Service is decent, and what you'd expect for a bunch of servers who are plodding around in the dark trying to quietly distribute the correct orders to people they can barely see.  Expect to pay for your experience, but if you're looking for the best luxury theater experience, this is it.
4	Love this place, way better than the other normal theaters, I was getting tired of seating in stiff and nasty seats but than I came here  and feel in love, I really like the food, it's pretty good for a movie theater,  pretty expensive but than again its scottsdale, the inside of the theater is so classy and upscale. The seats are really comfortable too. A+++
5	This theatre was amazing!!  Arriving early for the movie my sister and I decided to sit in the bar and wait. On the weekends they offer a mimosa special 4 for $10.00. Our server, Greg, told us all about the menu and was so knowelegable about not only the menu but the company itself.  We decided to have the homemade potato chips while watching the movie. They have servers in the theatre that will bring you what ever you'd like. Food was amazing, service was great, chairs were so comfortable.  I have moved here from Portland OR where we have several types of theaters like these and they are fun too, howevere none are as upscale as this one.  It was a fabulous was to spend the afternoon. I can't wait to go again but next time I'm going to try the Tanzy restraunt...
2	I had just told my husband that I don't care about higher theater prices for the luxury of a comfortable seat and better movie experience. We don't go every week, and we don't have kids.  We've been to other "luxury/dinner/give-me-wine theaters. I have also found it really convenient not to be rushing through dinner elsewhere -  and then have to park and get into a theater on time. However, I found out my "I-don't-care-about-the-price" attitude got smacked in the face with an $18.50 movie ticket......and that was NOT even for recliner seats. Are you kidding me???? Yeah, yeah....I can sign up for "membership" and be so special that I can pay 16.00 for the seat that doesn't recline. I looked at the memberships and wasn't impressed.  I am in marketing and just don't like the attitude of this business model. Just put out a product, make me want it badly enough to pay (or not pay) for it. Don't make me jump through hoops or make me apply for membership. You aren't a country club. Heck, you aren't even YMCA. It's the movies......There are other theaters redesigning so as to include ALL reclining seats. There are other theaters with food and adult beverages.
5	This place is amazing! Comfort of a movie with outstanding food and drink. The service is amazing, and quality of food is LEGIT! Perfect for a date night, or some alone time. We have had great service every time. We travel form out of of town, and this IPIC is top on our list while visiting Scottsdale.
5	The best movie theater in America. From the reclining seats to the full bar service and dinner while watching a movie. Nothing beats it.
4	Where to start....First time experiencing iPic and wow.  Talk about the ultimate movie experience.  We had the premium seats( Leather chairs that recline with blanket and pillow ).  Plus wait service.  If you want to have a unique date night than the usual trip to the movies. This is the one and only way to do it.  It is a little pricey, but so worth it for that one movie you have to see in theaters. I will definitely be going back along with signing up for the free membership for extra perks and updates.   P.S. It's so comfortable and uh-mazing that don't be surprised if you get the urge to sleep.  I can see how people get lost in the comfort.
4	Ipic did do a great job on our next trip. Food and beverages were great as well as service. They provided us with two sets of free movie  tickets, unfortunately we've only been back once and the others dissapeared...
4	Great service & good food! Would like more premium seats because they are typically sold out a day or two before the movie showing.
3	I like a good movie and best of all I like to watch them in comfy theaters.  While the place is comfy the service is subpar.  There has been 3 times that even after the movie finished I had to hunt down my server to get my bill!   The food takes forever to arrive, even just the basics - water to drink.  They changed their menu recently and took off their line up what was actually a great caesar salad.  On this Yelp page they even still advertise pictures for it.  You can't ordered it, trust me I have tried.
5	Okay, let me just start out and say that rarely do ANY of my reviews go from 1 Star to 5 Stars in the course of one visit.  However in the instance of my recent visit, this is definitely the case.  Please preface my earlier review before continuing...So after enduring my last miserable experience with iPic, I was contacted by a customer service rep, then I was put in contact with a local manager named Lawrence (Larry).  Larry apologized for the instance and said he just wanted to make it right & I was very appreciative of that.  He offered to have my tickets reimbursed, for which I was also very appreciative.  He took down my information: address, phone number.  I then waited for my passes in the mail, but to no avail.  Many months pass by, still no passes. Because I have recently been making a transition to the valley, I was in town last week checking up on my new home build.  I then, once again decided to readdress the issue with the hope of some final resolution.I called during the day and reached a manager named Brian Vogel.  I explained my situation about my "lost in translation" phone call with Lawrence and my previous horrible experience with Phil & Justin then Brian said he would call me back.  5 minutes later Brian called me & apologized for Larry's mishandling of the situation & my previous experience & offered to make it right with passes.  Brian went above and beyond and provided me with his direct number in the case all was not satisfactory on my next visit.Fast forward to later on that week.  I treated my family to the new Farrely Brothers movie, "Dumb and Dumber To".  There were six of us & I used the three free passes on the event.  My other two family members that hadn't been back since our incident with Phil & Justin (Heckle & Jeckle) were present with me and were very happy with the renewed experience.  Our waitress Alesse was very kind and tentative with our drinks and food orders and we ended up having a fantastic time!Unfortunately I wasn't able to meet the fantastic Manager Brian Vogel in person that night (because the movie played later in the night), but I definitely look forward to it in the future.  I want to shake his hand & tell him thank you!!!!Also, if you get a chance Yelpers, if you've also enjoyed a great experience at this theater, Brian deserves props.  Please let him know.  He's a kind, fantastic Gentleman that genuinely cares about his business and his customers & that definitely deserves a pat on the back!
5	Talk about "doing it with style"! iPic provides everything you could possibly need for a date night. Walking into the theatre and knowing where my seats are makes life much easier... No fighting off people and running up the steps to get the last 2 seats together. I'm pretty sure the chairs are more comfortable than my recliner at home; plus they come with your own pillow and neatly wrapped blanket to snuggle into.  The popcorn is served to you no questions asked and c'mon the drinks and food are divine! (Trust me - try the flatbread) I really love the fact that they incorporate local ingredients into their food as well. Bargain hunters pay attention! Becoming a member is definitely worth it... Tuesday's become discount night, and if you make it in for happy hour they have $2.00 beers and $5.00 wine! Don't feel like seeing a movie? Come in to watch football and the same happy hour applies with discounted wings!
1	They charged my credit card twice for the same ticket.  I called twice to complain, but they would not credit my card the $18.50.  I have spent over $2,000 at this theater. By all means go to this theater, but don't be surprised when they double charge your credit card and do not expect a refund when they do.  If I see another charge on my card from iPic, it will be totally fraudulent because I will never patron this theater again.  Also, no reason to overspend for the exact same entertainment I can get a few blocks away for less than half the price.
4	If you want an excellent movie experience pick the premium seats!! Very relaxing to watch a movie on a theater screen but it feels like your at home in your comfortable chair!Also at home no one ever brings me my food & drinks without me have to cook or at least do the dishes!!Enjoy your movie!!
1	After living in central Phoenix for almost 30 years I just moved 2 weeks ago to Paradise Valley. After hearing so many positive comments I decided to check it out with a friend. Their website is impressive, it's in a high-end shopping area, and it appears they advertise as being the ultimate luxury movie experience. AND their website said they were showing one of my favorite classic comedies "The Philadelphia Story"! I was very excited.I paid $48 for 2 tickets since the Premium Plus Seating looked incredible.Walking in the theater is very impressive with the conceige desk-style ticketing and the bar and restaurant on either side. Very nice. I had purchased our tickets online and since both people at the counter were with other customers I went to the electronic kiosk and swiped my credit card. Here's where the problems began that I will bulletpoint out below. Plus I will contrast and compare my IPic experience with my history at AMC Esplanade, supposedly IPic's poor cousin.1) Visual experience entering the theater and "fancy level"....ADVANTAGE: IPIC2) Cost of highest level of seating...$24 per person at iPic, $16.56 at AMC. ADVANTAGE: AMC  2) The kiosk read that my tickets were printed but no tickets were printed. I waited at the counter and it took the young lady a few minutes to undertand what I was telling her had happened. She finally found our tickets and while handing them to me said "That kiosk is broken. I need to put a sign on it."  (I have never experienced a broken kiosk in the dozens of times I have visited AMC Esplanade. Getting your tickets purchased online from the ticket desk takes seconds.) ADVANTAGE: AMC  3) We get to our $48 movie theater seats and discover the chairs are not that wide and they do not recline very far because the row in front of you is very close. I am 6'1" and I was unable to recline my cloth-covered seat very far as my feet would have been on top of the guy's head sitting in front of me. (The Cinema Suits seats at AMC Explanade have a wide aisle in front and behind each row and the people in front and behind you are a complete level above and behind you. The AMC chairs are fake leather, wider than IPic, and recline almost complete flat.) ADVANTAGE: AMC  4) During our film, the music and sound effects of the movie in the theater on one side of ours was booming and thumping on and off repeatedly during our film. It was extremely distracting. (I have noticed the same thing at AMC Esplanade but not to that extreme level). ADVANTAGE: AMC  5) I went to the Men's room during the film. Nice restroom like in a fancier restaurant. The stall had a cool frosted glass door. Unfortuately, there was a huge wad of used TP next to the toilet and the paper seat covers had all been pulled out and halfway shoved back in. When I went to the restroom at the end of the film the stall was in the same condition. Also, for what is supposed to be a north Scottsdale upscale movie theater experience, why can't iPic give its customers better than the gauze-like half a ply TP they use? (The iPic restroom was much fancier than AMC Esplanade's but AMC keeps their restrooms much cleaner on a continual basis). ADVANTAGE: AMC6) Our popcorn was served in tiny paper sacks. It had no taste like it was air popped. Tasteless popcorn in a small paper bag. Wow....how upscale. (AMC Esplanade has great popcorn that they serve in large bowls). ADVANTAGE: AMC7) I asked for a Coke Zero and was told they only carried Coke and Diet Coke. You don't carry one of the best selling sodas in the world? My Diet Coke came in a cheap plastic takeout cup. (AMC Esplanade has Coke Zero and serves it in a real glass). ADVANTAGE: AMC8) When our movie ended the DVD menu for the film immediately popped up. We commented on how it seemed a little strange and laughed about wondering if they had secured the rights for a public viewing of the DVD. It felt a little weird.9) Theater location for iPic is in the swanky and beautiful Scottsdale Quarter. (AMC Esplanade is in the struggling Esplanade but across the street from the Biltmore Shopping Center. ADVANTAGE: iPic but only barely.10) iPic parking garage is about a block away. (AMC Esplanade has an elevator and stairs that take you just feet from the theater doors). If you're lazy ADVANTAGE: AMCThe overall parts of our iPic experience seemed extremely incongruous to the luxury moviegoing experience that iPic advertises. It was a hugely disappointing experience and felt like a complete waste of $48. I wish I had asked for my money back. I will never visit iPic again and will instead go back to AMC Esplanade in the future.
2	Just went to this theater for the first time; as I am an Internet Engineer who also has a Film degree, I have some unique perspectives- having been in a great many theaters, globally for work, school, and pleasure.[Big Hero 6, 2D version, regular seats, Friday at 6pm showing]Theater Prices are a considerably high{er} and misleading -- Members get some discounts, other dining theaters in Phoenix are cheaper.  Service is only for PREMIUM seats, regular seats literally have none of the benefits.    Please note, Premium seats add a good 10+$ more -per seat- to the cost!This is VERY Misleading in both print and website! -- UNLESS you buy the Premium seats -- you do not get free popcorn, nor ANY service, and the staff will generally ignore you even when you ask for their assistance.This was shown when I tried to get any food or drink, and trying to get their attention, or even going up to the concession stand.Literally there were DOZENS of staffers standing around, talking amongst themselves.  [in the foyer outside the theater as well as at the food area. Getting their attention, and actual speed of service, was poor.Unknown Menu Items -- I was told there was only one size popcorn, and then was told I could get another size, which was a considerable savings-- Again, poor training and execution.  I am glad one of them offered me the other size for my party of 5.  Kudos to this one sole individual who knew a special code...   [we were expecting free, per the above]Very nice selection of food at expected premium prices -- Unless you opt for the Premium seats, you have to order and pick up the items yourself....Popcorn was so-so, I have had better.  Projection and screen quality were good.  However--VERY Poor Sound isolation -- other movies sounds came thru the walls-- I was seated in the exact middle of the theater, so it was probably worse for others near the walls.  {Regular} Seats do not recline, nor armrests remove -- so a bit inflexible.Kiosks were out of service and the one I did try to use to pick up my tickets did not find my order, using any method -[phone# or CC#]-  Ergo, good thing I brought a copy on my SmartPhone-- Again, poor execution.Great visual design to the lobby and restrooms, but I am in a theater for the experience and movie, so this is not as huge a concern.I will be trying the Biltmore Esplande next, as my colleagues suggested it was much better in many ways.
2	I WANT to love iPic.  This weekend marked the fourth time I've visited this theater and the second time I paid for the premium seats.  Honestly, I really want to say this place is top notch and I can't wait to go back, but this last time confirmed the fact I need to take a break from iPic and "dinner and a movie" places in general.  Let me start off by saying I see a lot of movies and lately I've been frequenting the dinner and a movie places (iPic and Esplanade) more and more.My first couple experiences at iPic were in the "regular seats."  These seats have the advantage of being chosen in advance, but do not come with any frills.  The seats are larger than normal and mostly comfortable, but do not recline at all.  I don't hate them and probably would consider coming back and sitting in one of these options.The last two times at iPic we've splurged for the "premium" seats.  The first time we arrived a few minutes before the previews and our waiter took forever to come back to take our order, so we didn't get to do so until after the movie started.  This was very distracting and really makes you not able to pay attention to the movie.  The food was ok... had the buffalo spring rolls, margarita flatbread, and meatball sliders.  Nothing that wow'd me, but not bad.  The seats were OK... we were in the row before the non-premium seats and I'm short, but for a tall person your feet would be hitting the wall... not too comfy.  I also felt like the chair itself was a bit worn... not as fluffy and cushy as one would expect.Finally, this last weekend broke the straw.  We arrived early this time in order to get our order in on time... in fact we were the first in the theater.  Our waiter was prompt (I think it was the same guy from the last time) and took our drink and food order quickly.  This time our seats were really dirty and had popcorn in the cracks.  The whole place felt a bit grimy, big turn-off.  The worst part of all is EVERYONE in the theater got their food before us.  They lost our ticket and didn't put our entree order in!  45 minutes into the movie my Husband had to leave the theater and track down our waiter.  He ended up covering our food, but we missed half of the movie because we were distracted due to our missing food (and we were starving).  When the food did come it wasn't good... the coconut shrimp had a weird taste and the pizza and odd, unexpected frozen-like sausage.Just a disappointment.  I don't know if I'll go back anytime soon and sit in the premium seats at iPic.  They really need to work on the service and cleanliness in the theaters.  Maybe after a break I'll be back... we'll see...
1	Seven days after Karen P. of iPic Theaters responded to my review and asked for my contact information I have not heard back from iPic or received a credit for the $48.00 charge for 2 tickets. I guess I shouldn't have expected anything different since our entire iPic experience was a disappointing disaster and definitely not what they advertise. I will continue to visit AMC Esplanade and encourage all my friends (who of course have been told this story and have continued to ask if iPic ever responded) to do likewise.
5	I have done my fair share of traveling but have never been to a theater like this. From the food to the service everything is perfect. What a great way to relax. Worth every penny!
1	As you may have noticed, my poor review had them Privately message me for my contact information.  I provided it 3 days ago, and {still} no response.  I always find it very interesting that businesses monitor their reviews, but usually take very little true {system} action.  In this case, their customer service folks seem to be enjoying the holidays and have literally, checked out.
4	Live that you can reserve seats. I will only go to this theater or the AMC Esplanade on Camelback. The food is a little better at the Esplanade but there are better places to grab a quick bite and the seats are more comfortable at the Scottsdale Quarter (Ipic).
1	My husband and I came here almost anytime we wanted to do date night for dinner and a movie. However, I don't think we will be coming back after such an awful experience tonight. We went to see the Hobbit at 9:45 pm. I arrived at our seats around 9:25-9:30 and wait. Normally I never had an issue with service and always got my drinks quickly. That's why when my husband came from the restroom he was surprised that no one came to me. We waited and the movie already started when we asked 2 different servers if we can put our order in or get our server. One of them had the audacity to say "I'm not your server"... Ok can you get us our server? I worked on the restaurant business so I know how you should act and that's definitely not the way to be in the hospitality industry. It was about 10:10 when our server finally came to us to get our drinks and order. I ordered grilled cheese and tomato bisque and my husband ordered Angus Trio Sliders with sweet potato fries and with brownie ice cream for desert. Food was ok nothing special but was very disappointed when we never received them.. We got our plates taken away from someone other than our server and our server came about 15 minutes after that.. Keep in mind the movie is going and our server comes to check up on us and I told him we never got the fries and to make sure it's not on our bill. He never apologized he just said it won't be and left. He came back after 20 minutes and asked me if we ordered dessert. I told him we orders the brownie ice cream from him.. Then he seemed confused. He asked me if we received the dessert I said no we ordered it but didn't not get. "Oh so you are it" I was so shocked how dumb this server was I almost yelled loudly but the movie was still playing.. I quietly said again, we ordered the brownie, have not received it and have not eaten it.. "Oh so you didn't order dessert." ............ *sigh* "sir we ordered the brownie ice cream but only got our entree that were missing our fries" After about 5 minutes of going back and forth, he left and we got our dessert about 10 minutes after that.. Overall we got our dessert at 11:45.. The most disappointing part was that no one came to talk to us at the end or that they didn't try to do anything for is.. It's not that we wanted a free dinner or anything we just wanted to see the gesture.. What a disappointment.
2	We were really excited by the idea of going to iPic but disappointed with the experience overall.  While the theater was clean it didn't have the 'luxury' experience that is suggested.  The poor signage in the lobby made it confusing for a first time attendee.  Even after we told the usher checking tickets that it was our first time, she was more interested in reading her book than helping us out.  The concession stand wasn't able to serve wine (one of the machines was broken and the other only had half the selection) so told us just to go to the bar.  At the bar, we waited quite some time for a bartender and received poor service when we were served.  Service was simply OK and the expectation for a 'better experience' was simply not met.The seats were comfortable, the theater was clean, and the sound and projection were great.  Ultimately, the movie part was great but the experience was below standard.UPDATE - iPic publicly posted that they were interested in following up on these concerns but have not taken any action since I shared my contact details with them.
4	The environment is terrific with the luxury seating and spacious setting. Love this part.  However, it's been tough getting my husband to go as he hates the popcorn - a big part of his movie going  experience is having good popcorn!  The popcorn at ipic is the worst. People working there are wonderful.
