4	I can't believe I'm the first person to review Kona Grill! For those who don't know, this is an upper-scale chain restaurant with many locations across the US. However, I'll stay specific to the one in Las Vegas. Actually, this one is in Summerlin, which is in suburban Vegas about 15 miles west of The Strip. The restaurant is more famous with the locals for it's bar and patio than it is for its actual dining experience and food. While it sits in a shopping center, it still manages to have a cool vibe. Also, exactly what in Las Vegas isn't in a shopping center?The bar is open to both the bar and the patio on most nights and the patio that goes around the outside of the place is great for hanging out with friends and having some drinks. The drink selection is not fantastic, but is pretty average. As for the food, everything I've had has been two things: delicious and uninventive. For a place that tries to have an asian fusion menu, I feel like I've either heard of or previously had everything on the menu. Which is fine, because its all very good. The main steal here is if you come for "Reverse Happy Hour". This is a late-night happy hour in the bar area only where they have a ton of great pizza, sushi, and other appetizers for very, very cheap. For example, you can get a personal garlic shrimp pizza for $3.95. This is awesome as you sit outside on warm summer nights. The hours for Reverse Happy Hour are:Monday - Thursday 10 p.m. to 12 a.m.Friday - Saturday 11 p.m. to 1 a.m.
5	Oh, man. This place is cool. As the website insists, the ambiance is warm and contemporary. The inside is cool and comfortable, and the outdoor seating is nice as well.  The service has always been excellent, and the food? Deee-lish. The edamame is covered in coarse sea salt, just enough to notice the flavor and add a pleasant crunch. We all shared the 18-piece shashimi assortment and a gorgeous 8-piece Rainbow Roll, all authentically prepared and absolutely delectable. Their website omits the prices of their dishes, but they're pretty comparable to any other fine restaurant.They do serve a few standard American dishes, such as breaded pork tenderloin and meatloaf. I haven't tried them, but considering the sushi is mighty fine, I'd be willing to bet their other fare is pretty darn good, too.
5	One of my fiance's and I favorite restaurants.  She is a Sushi lover and thoroughly enjoys the Sushi.  My personal favorite is the Thai Peanut Chicken Noodles......I can't really describe it, it just tastes so good.My fiance's favorite dessert is the Passion Fruit Creme Brulee.....I'm usually stuffed by then, so I don't have any room for dessert.The place is generally packed on the weekends.  The best time to go with the least amount of time to wait is during the weekdays around 8 pm.  We go at least once a month, sometimes more.
4	What a great place to go in Vegas.  Not one of those buffet places.  Not one of those hoity-toity restaurants.  True, it's away from the Strip, but you get excellent food at reasonable prices (and you don't have to maneuver around slots and tables  to find it).  My favorite item as the albacore tataki.  My friend finished off the sauce by pouring it into her rice.I was surprised to hear that it was a chain.  Unfortunately, they don't have any close by.  Los Angeles is missing out for sure.
4	Trendy lil hot spot especially for happy hour. I love the BIG BOOTHS. Myke FIT! Definitely Hawaiian Sized...Brah....Wait...not a hawaiian sized bra. But Brah...like brotha brah. Not like hold your hawaiian boobs bra. Nevermind. I haven't really had dinner here. But I did have the Satay. Very tasty. Not traditional. Slightly sweet. But flavorful. The sushi here is good too. Not like fresh off the boat that it's still moving good. But it's good portions. Like the spicy tuna. I tell the chef extra spicy. He knows what I'm talking about!  Oh yea set my tongue on fire baby!  Great place to socialize and it's really not as snobby as I thought. Much better than Roy's.  I was expecting an asian fusion place but they do a lot of traditional foods and add different asian influences....YUM.
4	Excellent Sushi - always fresh, can't say that about most Sushi places in town except on the Strip.  Good service.  Lots of food for the price.  Drinks are pricey - but great atmosphere with outdoor dining available.
4	The wife and I really enjoyed our dining experience here.  Everything was very good from the service to atmosphere, drink, appetizers and entrees.  We opted for just sushi as the appetizer which was pretty decent.  Portions are quite big and this would be a cool place for larger groups too.
4	This place has good food! I wouldn't get the sushi however... my friends got the sushi and if you've had sushi mon.. i would skip the sushi here.They have a macademia nut chicken which is my all time favorite!  They have this cream sauce to it and I love it! I loved it so much that on the day I was leaving, I got an order to go along with my order that I ate there and brought it back for the boyfriend to try!  He loved it too even though it wasn't as fresh since we had to reheat it! (I live about 3 hours away)
4	They had tasty crunchy rolls, and the tataki sashimi was surprisingly good.  I walked away happy.  A fine recommendation by my sister.
5	I'm sure all the locals in Las Vegas know about Kona Grill but if you are visiting or just moving here this is a great place.  Their sushi rolls are to die for.  I've never had a bad meal there.  And it's a party like atmosphere especially on the weekends.  But get there before 5:00 because it gets crowded fast.
3	Happy hour is best for this place. 50% dishes. Just beware, the seating is a first come first serve basis. Food is good. We ordered garlic shrimp pizza, tuna and california roll and fried calamari.
4	Very good food (my friend got sushi w/soup and I got pizza with a salad) and the service was very good.  Nice staff, good looking restaurant and friendly people.
4	yyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssss!!!every time i visit, we make sure to stop here for their wonderful happy hour. $4 specials on drinks and half priced menu items that include some of my favorites, such as: mini kahuna burgers, pepperoni pizza, and the soft tacos.during regular dinner time, i highly recommend the hana salad. holy shit. i hate salad. i been forcing myself to eat it for a year now, but this thing was phenomenal! i think i lactated from my tit it was that good... okay, sorry about that visual. anyway, i highly recommend this place. do not miss it.
4	I got the Avocado Egg Rolls, the Kahuna Sliders, and the Las Vegas roll from here. All were super delicious and each one makes me drool thinking about 'em. The Las Vegas roll is salmon, crab mix, and cream cheese and  is fried with tempura batter and drizzled in eel sauce. It is absolutely amazing and it makes me wish they had a Kona Grill in San Francisco. I would definitely go back here. Staff was also really accomodating considering our large party of like 15.
5	Came here with a buddy after leaving another place that had VERY rude customer service.Service here is EXCELLENT. We were greeted with smiles and out waitress has excellent timing as well as shared a few laughs with us. NICE!!We ordered a 5-spice Grilled Chicken BBQ pizza. The crust was light and crispy the way a pizza should be. The wait was amazing, under 15 minutes and the pizza came out. The sauce tasted more like Cattlemen's BBQ sauce then anything 5 spice but overall it was excellent.Will likely return for a more serious mean.
4	Good American sushi. I don't really order anything else here. Been going here for years. Only to get the sushi. Service is fantastic. Great place to go bring work people or even have a work lunch if you need it. It's inside a little shopping center in Boca Park, a part of the Summerlin suburb in Vegas. Summerlin is not a city. Are you from Summerlin? You're the only one who thinks it's a city. Prices are pretty fair here. They are very quick, friendly, and helpful. For the cost, you're getting some upscale treatment. Grab a rainbow roll and enjoy!
4	Great food, Good Times = 50% off baby for some items. The seating for happy hour is limiting esp. during reverse happy hour. We normally go at 11p and it's packed. Sometimes we have to set outside in the cold to partake in the cheap goodness :).The pizza's are on point esp. the 5 spice BBQ pizza. Sometimes the servers are a little slow with the refills. Overall it's a great place to hang with friends.
4	Kona Grill is a great after work cocktail place. The happy hour is a steal. The macadamia nut crusted chicken is one of my favorites. I've ordered sushi from here, but it's definitely american sushi...lol. Not to say that it's not good, just not traditional rolls that you'd find in a sushi restaurant. The atmosphere is very energetic and hip. Good food, good drinks.
3	Good food located in a good area. The crowd is great food is americanized Japanese
5	Met friends here for the first time.  Didn't know what to expect.  It's fabulous!!!  Sat outside on the patio during Happy Hour.  Had great drinks, the food is amazing.  I still can't believe the bill for 6 people was only $115.  We ate till we were all full and enough drinks AND dessert.  What more can I say?  Sweet & Spicy Shrimp are a standout.  But everything was good.  No complaints.  The Fudge Brownie dessert is enough for at least 4 people.
4	Happy hour and reverse happy hour at this place is awesome. The food is consitently good and the drink specials are not bad. I personally like the calamari and the fish tacos. The pizzas, sushi and giant onion rings are not too shabby either. You have to sit at the bar area or outside to get the happy hour deals.If you want to get a spot at the bar or sit at one of the tables in the bar area you have to come early. This place starts to get packed around five thirty. Especially if the weather is nice. If the happy hour scene is not your cup of tea then you can have dinner inside the restaurant.
4	Getting off early means one thing - HAPPY HOUR!!  And that doesn't happen very often, so I love to take advantage of the cheap eats and atmosphere that happens during these brief few hours.We arrived around 5 pm and waited a good while to score a table on the patio.  We thought we were in luck when a group of ladies said they were leaving once their friend returned from the restroom.  Well, she must have fell in because it was a good 15 minutes before they did finally leave.  At this point, our total wait time was 45 minutes long.We were hungry and got our hands on a menu quick!  All food was $5 and under!  With our party of three, we got started on a few items:* Atlantic Roll "Baked salmon with motoyaki sauce and cucumbers, topped with tempura flakes and eel sauce" ($3) - Our waiter said it was his favorite and I'm not usually one for cooked fish in my rolls, but I still said okay.  It was good, not exceptional though.  Came in eight pieces, which is great for sharing!* Spicy Tuna Roll "Chopped tuna mixed with spicy motoyaki and cucumbers" ($3) - Again, pretty basic and decent and 8 pieces too.* Kona Calamari "Served with a spicy aioli dipping sauce" ($4.50) - A pretty generous order, great for sharing.* Sweet & Spicy Shrimp "Lightly battered shrimp tossed in a sweet and spicy chili sauce, served on a bed of a daikon" ($4.50) - Pretty tasty and surprisingly generous in this order.* Chicken Satay "With cabbage slaw and sweet hoisin dipping sauce" ($4.50) - Came with four skewers, and a nice slaw to get your veggies from.  A bit dry on the chicken, but enjoyed by others.* Avocado Egg Roll "Sun-dried tomatoes and red onions, with a honey-cilantro dipping sauce" ($4.50) - Two egg rolls cut in half, and tasty too.* Kahuna Sliders "A trio of beef sliders seasoned with onions and thyme, topped with Swiss and cheddar cheese" ($4.50) - The Husband enjoyed these so much that he requested another order.  They were pretty good, cooked at medium rare as requested and yummy little things.  The meat was pretty moist and the melted cheese on top made them perfect as a few bites.  They also came with thinly sliced fried onions strings.* Edamame ($3) - Soybeans that were lightly salted throughout the beans, not just on top.We didn't even get a chance to try any of their pizzas at $5 each since we ordered so much.Service was surprisingly good during happy hour.  Christian was attentive, even when the other staff brought our food out, he was quick to come over to make sure it was all okay and everything was in order.  He checked on us often for more drinks and food and we never had to look for him during our entire time there.  Once we got our order in, food came out in timely manner and we were quite pleased.  (Sometimes it seems service gets a bit slack during happy hour, when the pace should be more upbeat.  And it was definitely moving around here.)Happy hours are Mondays through Fridays: 3 to 7 pmReverse happy hours are Mondays through Thursdays: 9 pm to 11 pmFridays and Saturdays: 10 pm to 12 amHH is only available in the lounge and patio areas and seats are self-service.  So it can definitely feel like there are hounds on you when you're hanging out there because people are definitely waiting for tables here.They have discounted drink specials during happy hour too, just be sure to ask.  We took advantage of their $6.50 Sake Bombs and $3 Ladies Margaritas.  (They weren't skimping on the alcohol in my margarita, I could taste and feel that stuff right away!)You can easily understand why this happy hour is busy.  And there are some guests who stay there all evening long, it makes for interesting people watching!Side note: Restrooms are in the back left hand corner.  Don't go to the right side corner because you'll end up in the kitchen.
4	Stopped in around 10pm last friday and the place was dead!! What happened? Buddy of mine sings Kona's praises but it looks like I missed out. The happy hour specials are definetely sweet, but if you stop in here during non-happy hour times your drinks and food can start to add up. Beer selection was a bit lacking though with the usual craptastic american drafts; but beer is beer.
4	Great restaurant at Boca Park in Summerlin.  The sushi here is fantastic: fresh, great portions, and very high quality.  I've had the spicy tuna roll, the yellowtail, and the salmon.  It's all delicious!And for non-sushi fans, Kona Grill has an extensive menu of "favorites" including meatloaf, pizza, burgers.  I had a bite of a friend's pepperoni pizza and it was really good with a nice, thin crust.Only bummer is that the place got rid of its amazing banana pudding.  It was one of my favorite desserts anywhere so I was upset to see it removed from the menu.
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas.  In a town full of buffets, and celeb hot spots, Kona Grill is my go-to restaurant.  While not the cheapest place, you certainly won't break the bank here either.  The service has always been good, and the food is consistently delicious.My favorite dish is the pork tenderloin.  Never overcooked and the white cheddar mashed potatoes are scrumptious!  Tried the lemon grass crusted halibut this past visit and loved it.  Great texture and flavors.I stop here every trip to Vegas, and would definitely recommend it to anyone!
1	Ooooo.  Tried this one after they opened and got food poisening.  Won't go back...  I know its hip and tons of people like it.  Just not for me.
4	One of our favorites. Can't beat happy hour. Service is always good and food is great.
4	Nice! I know it's been open for a while, for whatever reason, I never made it here for Happy Hour! What in the world was I thinking? What took so long? Hum...The the Asian/Hawaiian theme, the food is on par with many of the places I've been to, without the stuffiness of a white table cloth place. This is only for Happy Hour, so I can't really say very much for the al la cart portion of the menu. Great deals on the drinks and food. What I usually get is the sake bombs for 6.50 and some maki rolls for 3 bucks. For a dollar more, the beef sliders and tacos is pretty good for that price! The only thing I probably wouldn't get again is the calamari, just a bit too soggy and bland for my taste. The vibe is pretty good, with a mixture of professionals and blue collar working stiffs like me. The service is good, but like many busy places, it can get a little slow during prime time, i.e. 7-9pm.  But how can you complain when the value of the food and drink prices are this good? Chow.
4	YUM, YUM, YUM, YUM, YUM! I was in Vegas for the weekend with a friend, and both of us were craving protein. We went out for steaks 2 nights previous, so we were looking for a good place for fish or sushi. After a quick search on Yelp, I suggested Kona Grill. Based on the reviews by fellow yelpers, I thought it sounded right up our alley. Plus, I LOVE Asian Fusion. We were not disappointed! My friend had never had sushi, so at the recommendation of our server I ordered the Houston roll. Tuna, Cream Cheese, & Jalapeno wrapped in soy paper. She loved loved loved it!! So much in fact that she has texted me several times with a sushi craving! Yipeee! BFF ordered the Lemon Grass crusted Halibut. Fabulous! I ordered the Pan Seared Ahi. It was covered in a sweet chili sauce and seared to perfection. Served with steamed rice and sauteed spinach. Aside from the rice (wish it had been brown), I devoured it. Woulda licked the plate clean if I could have!! Definitely try this place, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	Big fan of their $3 happy hour sushi. It's fresh and made to order, as it should be, and tastes great. Also like their $5 happy hour pizzas, great crust. Outside of happy hour, they have a lunch menu that allows you to pair 2 items for about $8 and change. Their regular menu is a tad pricey.
5	Delicious food! Trendy but great food at a great price, reverse happy hour is a must! (10-12am) I think... YUM!!!
5	This is one of my favorite happy hour spots!! Great sushi, great pizzas (Hawaiian is my favorite) and the chicken tacos... Where can you get a combo like that?!? Service has always been prompt and friendly. This place has the best outdoor/patio atmosphere in town! Heaters are on when it's too cold and misters are on when it's too hot!
4	While my wife and I liked to take visitors here, and while we did end up going here often, it isn't really our scene. It's a nice place, with great food, but it's the local meat market place for singles. Whether you're a guy or girl you're going to get hit on if you're in the bar area, which is a great ego boost if you need one, but I'd really recommend this place for singles or those looking to hook up by midnight.If you come here during the day it can be a different scene, as it's more relaxed, though it usually has a good crowd going. Never order a Mojito from here though, in the two years I was living in Vegas, they never made it right.
4	As previously mentioned before, the happy hour at Kona Grill (3-7pm) is awesome. 8 pieces of sushi for $3? Can't get better than that. I had the Atlantic Roll and Fiery Shrimp Roll and they were both absolutely delicious, I could've eaten it all day. For dessert I shared the Ultimate Fudge Brownie and the thing is HUGE. Its a gigantic piece of brownie, with a scoop of ice cream on top and raspberries as well. There could have been a little more ice cream, but otherwise it was great.The only downside was that the sushi order was messed up, and they brought the shrimp and california rolls, but they had out the Atlantic within 3-4 minutes.
5	Pretty good place for happy hour.  Generous happy hour times and days.  You just can't beat $3 spicy tuna rolls.  Service is pretty good.  The inside seating is a bit limited.  Unfortuntely al gore has brought us too much global cooling, so we'll have to wait til summer to sit outside. :)
4	Four of us went here for lunch today.  We sat in the outside patio area which was very nice.  Our waiters name was Eddie and he was great.  We had Sweet & Spicy Shrimp and Ahi Wanton Crisps for an appetizer.  Both Delicious.  For the Entrees we had Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken Pesto Linguine, Halibut and Shrimp. All 4 meals were delicious.  We shared a brownie & Ice cream dessert that was also very good.  The entire meal including appetizer s, dessert and several rounds of drinks was only $102.00.  I would definitely recommend trying this restaurant.  The atmosphere, service and food was great.
3	found this place on yelp and we headed straight here after a 4.5 hour drive from san diego.  we arrived at 5 pm (for happy hour) and only had to a wait for a few minutes for a table to open up in the patio.  happy hour is in the patio or bar area.  it was a lovely day in vegas (sunny, mid-60s) so sitting in the patio was wonderful.  we were quickly served by a super friendly waiter and given the menu.  i was surprised at how fast we were served, because the place was PACKED.. but that is expected on friday at happy hour right?  we ordered the sake bomb, a few rolls and a few apps (calamari/shrimp).. we were HUNGRY!  the sake bomb is just that.. the bomb!  it was delicious.  this was all wonderful.  the food came out quickly as well and the presentation was nice.  unfortunately, that is where it ended for me.  the calamari (and i do love all types of calamari) was kind of soggy and tasteless.  the rolls (shrimp and crab) were mediocre, but filling. the saving grace was the sweet and spicy shrimp. this was good, but not great.  i really enjoyed my time here.. the service.. ambiance... location, but the food did not blow me away.  because of this, i rate kona grill at 3 stars.  i don't know.. perhaps i came on an off night (in regards to the food preparation), but this will not deter me from returning.  i was thoroughly impressed with everything else, and when i am back in vegas, will definitely return.
5	I don't know how I've ever not written a review of Kona Grill.  When I bought my house in Summerlin, I drew a triangle between Kona Grill, downtown, and Steiner's, and I had to find a house in that triangle as I was working downtown and enjoyed frequenting Kona Grill and Steiner's.That was 5 years ago, though.  Unfortunately Steiner's died down, and Kona cut back their hours.  I believe they used to be open until 2am on weeknights, and now they're closed by 11pm.  Kona does have a regular and late night happy hour, and there's plenty to pick from, so thumbs up for that.  Just don't trust their web site for the happy hour times... call first.Food is good, atmosphere is good, service is good.  Make sure you get Channelle as your server.  Really don't have too much bad to say about this place.
3	Phenomenal happy hour. But pretty tasty and with crazy-low prices. Not the worlds greatest food, so I wouldn't be tempted to go for dinner. The Asian fusion isn't exactly mind blowing... But the sushi was surprisingly good. The calamari too. And I have to say that the service was stellar. What makes Kona Grill is the bar and patio with big screens inside and sunshine (or heaters if necessary) outside. A really nice place to drink in the afternoon. Pun intended. Who knows when I'll be in Summerlin again, but if I am, I'll probably be here at exactly 3pm, when happy hour begins.
4	My cousin told me about this place & I have been hooked ever since. This is the only place I go to for happy hours in Vegas.  If your going make sure you get there early because this place fills up quickly.Their Happy Hour is Monday-Friday from 3pm-7pm. During the summer they have tables outside & there is also a bar inside. I know there were a few times we had to wait for a while because the place was P-A-C-K-E-D!! The Happy Hour Menu is the BEST! My favorite happy hour  sweet & spicy shrimp,calamari and their sushi rolls. The prices are all reasonable (approx $3-$5). It gets pretty busy & chaotic in there, but the servers(at least the ones I've experienced) have consistently been very patient, calm & friendly.   If your in Vegas this is definitely one spot worth going to.
4	I really like this place! They need one in California! I came here for happy hour on a Thursday evening, and it was pretty busy. Like most places, happy hour is only at the bar or out in the spacious patio (first-come, first-served). Things we tried:- California roll- Spicy tuna roll- Fiery shrimp roll- Crab special roll- Kona calamariEverything was delectable. The California and spicy tuna rolls were better than they are at other places. The fiery shrimp roll had quite a kick. And, the Kona calamari has notable sauce. I especially enjoyed their mango margarita. Another thing to note: the above was a lot for two people, and we ended up taking a good portion of it to-go.Bottom line: A chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious eats and drinks made for a very pleasant happy hour adventure. I will be back, Kona Grill.
4	Do happy hour here and you will not be dissappointed. Great food, drinks and atmosphere. I go often.
5	Mothers day was coming close and I needed to make some plans for the wife and i wanted to try something new that i had not tried before.. So before you make comments about that statement, yes i did something for her that was kind of for me also. Anyways I headed over to opentable.com and aha they had reservations and they offer flowers to the table.... Nice touch. We arrived at Kona and the place was packed.. We checked in and the hostess let me know it would be just a few minutes for our table and that was it. 2 minutes Later we were on our way to the table. The waiter was quick and brought us waters and greeted us with a happy mothers day shout out to Becky. Nice touch #2 We ordered our daughters food when we ordered our Calamari appetizer and they came out at the same time... This is perfect and exactly why we do that. The waiter then took our orders and let us know that for moms there was a drink special... $2 bubblers " Champagne Cocktails"  so it was taken advantage of. We ordered the macadamia nut crusted chicken and the macadamia nut crusted chicken tacos. Both meals were nothing less than amazing. Mr. Waiter also asked right off the bat if we would like any extra sauces... Nice touch #3As we were finishing up the delectable meal he came back and said, " by the way, you have a red velvet cupcake coming as well for free for mothers day"  Nice touch #4. This thing was amazing, first off she loves red velvet cake and I love cream cheese frosting, so they pleased 2 eaters with one cupcake. I say Yes to Kona Grill. The food was amazing the service was prompt and precise, and they really did do the "extras" to make it a special mothers day. In my opinion I say try this place out and see if it something that is for you!
5	This place is still a Solid Happy hour place. Especially when the weather is nice outside. They have a new happy hour menu with some diet conscious drinks and food. Awesome place, great neighborhood that will not break the bank. $3 and $5 for select food. $3 - $7 for HH drinksGood sushi items! Fish Tacos and calamari is awesome. Cute bartender named Christy SAT and SUN day!!!!
4	Awesome chill spot, and super happy hour!  Wish there was one on Eastern closer to me =)
4	Went here on Wed for lunch with some friends and lucky us, it was happy hour!  The happy hour menu was great!  Inexpensive and a pretty good selection of food.  We ordered a few rounds of beverages, edamame, spicy tuna roll, vegetarian roll, california roll, yellowtail jalepeno (not on happy hour menu), potstickers, calimari, sliders and tacos.  Everything was pretty tasty and there was a nice buzz going in the bar and patio area.  It was a good meal and i would definitely go back!  There were four of us and for all that food and drinks it was only $70! (not including tip)
4	It has been over 1 year since I've been to Kona Grill.  A lot has changed on their menu, which is a good thing.  The Better Half and I were regulars here for many years but got tired of the same old menu and stopped coming last year.  I met a friend here for lunch this past Friday and was glad to see new menu items.Since it was Friday, we decided to sit at a table at the bar.  Friday afternoons are happening at Kona Grill, so it was great for people watching.They have a special "Pairing Menu" where you can order any 2 items for $8.50.....what a deal!  The Sandwiches on the menu are 1/2 Sandwiches, so keep that in mind.  I went for the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich and the Avocado Chicken Wrap.  To wash it down I ordered a Stella Artois.The food came out fast and our waitress was very attentive.  My Wrap & Sandwich didn't come with Fries, which was a good thing....I'm trying to cut back on Fries.  The flavor of the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich was amazing!  Full of flavor....and the Bread was delicious.  The proportion of veggies in the sandwich was good too....no single flavor overwhelmed the Sandwich.  The Wrap was just as good.  The Avocado and Chicken were distributed evenly in the Wrap......I hate it when stuff in a Wrap is bunched together so you only taste a single flavor.  That wasn't the case here.....very good.  As a big eater, I was left wanting more though.....but it was probably good for my diet, ha!My friend and I put away several beers before we called it a day.  Overall, I was pleased with the food, service, and menu selection.Will I return?  You bet, I want to try more of the new menu items.
4	To begin I have never eaten here.  I am talking about the bar area only and it's a great time to say the least.  Very chill crowd and great staff.
3	Went for the famous happy hour and wasn't impressed. The happy hour menu was quite limited. I believe it was a "Ladies Margarita", a cosmo, domestic bottles and I think Sake bombs. Food was OK, I just expected more after the hype.
1	Luckily I wasn't paying here. I got Sushi/sashimi, miso soup, and a seared ahi salad, all of which were well gross. Atmosphere was so dark, i thought the damn boogeyman was gonna get me.
2	This franchise came off for us as over-rated, and there wasn't much in the way of servings for their Hawaiian theme. They were out of their Hawaiian ribeye (ribeye, with a pineapple sauce), and I settled for a NY strip steak, which was ok, but which I could have gotten anywhere.  Wife had sea bass with Hawaiian rice (pineapples, Chinese sausage), but it was extremely salty, and server didn't  even bother to take the comment back to the chef.   Decor and dining area was very dark.  We wasted a night out for this place and in this price range, and could have eaten at scores of more interesting places.  We did get to venture out from the strip and see the developing west side (Summerlin) of Vegas though.
5	One of the best happy hours in Vegas.  If you're looking to hang out with some friends between 3pm - 7pm for pretty cheap, this is a good place to go to.
4	I have been here now a total of 2 times and both times left very happy.It can get very crowded by the bar for HH and Spy On's but it still is worthy of checking out.The sushi we had at the sushi bar was fresh and fast. The chef even made us something special and it was super yummy. I would love to come back again..and will if Im ever on this side of town.And just FYI; careful of the cougars on the hunt!!
4	I have been to 3 of the Kona Grill locations and they all have been good. Great food and the happy hour is the best. Great place to meet people during happy hour and great drinks and food. Pretty trendy.
4	A few of us needed to grab dinner on our way to an event so we decided to try the Kona Grill Happy Hour. I follow a special diet and loved the chicken kabobs  and sushi on the Happy Hour menu.  We were there on a Friday and this place gets nutty at happy hour. Best tip is probably to arrive early.
2	I went to Kona Grill for the first time this past weekend, after having it recommended to me MANY times.  I have to say I was a bit disappointed.  Maybe because of all the hype.The food was pretty good (I had the chopped salad with macadamia nut crusted chicken), but not great.  We also ordered a sushi roll to share as an appetizer, and that was good.  The three others in my party all said their entrees were "good," too... but no one was raving about any of it.  Our desserts were GIANT and tasted good.The really bad part of our experience, was definitely our flaky waiter.  As I said, we ordered our sushi as an appetizer... and he even asked if we wanted it before our entrees and we said yes... but after waiting a long time (probably about 20 minutes), our roll came at the same time as our entrees.Then after we ate our entrees, we sat and sat and sat and sat, waiting for the dessert menu.  After about 20 minutes of not seeing our waiter at all (not even at tables around us), we finally asked a busser if he could find our waiter.  We watched the busser look for him all around the kitchen and the dining room.  I'm not sure where our waiter was hiding, but it took another five minutes just to find him.  When he finally did show up, he gave us our bill without even bringing the dessert menu.He took the bill back and finally brought us a dessert menu, and we asked him what he recommended.  He said "let's be honest... I'm gonna tell you everything on the menu is good."  Umm... ok.So I don't really want to judge the restaurant on this really bad waiter... because I am sure not EVERY waiter there is that awful... but with so many other great places to eat in town, we definitely won't be going back any time soon.
3	This place is GROUND ZERO for Summerlin MILF's. If you are on the prowl, then the Kona is a 5+ star rating.  I sometimes used this place as a last stop after a few pops at the Three Angry Wives, in case I needed to see some cleavage. Food is great. Waitstaff is kinda pretentious. The mister on the patio is nice during the Vegas heat, and you can chortle at the D-bags that use the valet parking to show off their Lambos and trophy dates, errrr- escorts. I dunno-- I think you should just check it out for yourself.  Good luck!
4	Awesome food, even better when it's happy hour! Totally recommend the ahi tuni crisp and cucumber mojito. Really good! For the most part, the atmosphere is decent, just gotta watch out for affliction wearing/ed hardy type of clientele that make their weekly, sometimes, nightly appearances.
4	Come for happy hour! Some sushi, appetizers, and desserts are half price and still just as delicious. You have to sit outside, and you have to stalk the area to find a table because their happy hour is no secret. It's still worth it though. I love their shrimp tempura, california, and spicy tuna rolls the most... so if you're a novice with sushi, those are a good place to start.
1	Great if you are into drunk MILFs! Hang on to that elusive beauty as long as you can darling, nothing is sexier than a hot GILF. However you could get pizza next door and milf watch from a distance, it increases the odds which makes for better betting.  The food at Kona is horrible, they are the Denny's of Asian Fusion. Their only innovation is the skinny menu, which is a way to rip off youth seekers by making them pay out the ass for tuna in balsamic.  Its a great model age before liquor makes bang bang for management.
4	Happy hour is great!  Avocado egg roll, spicy calamari.  Margaritas all 1/2 price from 1 - 5 pm!
5	5 Stars for their Happy Hour!Monday-Friday: 3pm-7pmSaturday: 1pm-5pmSunday: ALL DAY!My mom had a $15 off coupon to Kona Grill so we decided to go for my first time.  (She is from Michigan and they have one near her home.)  We got there at 6pm.  Easily downed 3 martinis and some apps.   I've never had sushi (GASP!) so this popped by sushi-cherry.  Yum!We had a crab surprise, California roll, chicken & shrimp lettuce wraps.Our waiter, Geoffrey, was fantastic.  He made a Last Call for happy hour drinks.  I have never had that at a bar.  How nice!We enjoyed it so much, we came back a couple days later for happy hour.  We sat at the bar and had crab surprise and pot stickers.  SO GOOD!We enjoyed the people and the ambiance.  But I think if they didn't have happy hour, this place would be dead.  The restrooms are located back in the restaurant and there was like no one there both nights we went (Wednesday before Thanksgiving and Friday after Thanksgiving).This will be my new happy hour place!
1	Yuck!!!  What kind of generic ass Japanese restaurant is this??!!  I think it's supposed to be some type of asian fusion??  The feel of Kona is very commercialized and seemed like it fell into the category of being 'just another chain restaurant.'  My BF and I were in the beautiful Boca Park area doing some shopping and was getting hungry for dinner.  Being that we're always trying to find new joints to eat at, I saw this place, looked it up on yelp, saw that there were awesome reviews, and suggested we try it.  From what I remember, it is a rather large restaurant with a lot of seating.  I was overwhelmed by the amount of food they offered.  The layout of the menu really reminded me of like an Elephant Bar or Cheesecake factory.  They had a bunch of random ass dishes that consisted of things such as: pizzas, flatbreads, egg-rolls, pot-stickers, salads, noodles, sushi.  Well, we passed on the dinner menu and leaned towards sushi since thats what I thought this place was.  Their sushi menu is a big fat joke.  My BF started off with a $6 seaweed salad that was served on a big ass plate.  I kid you not, the amount of seaweed they put on there was the size of a fucking tablespoon.  I may be exaggerating a bit but I was damn disappointed with the quantity placed before us.  I really felt like they straight took $6 out of my pocket.  Robbed!!! Don't bother with this dish.  We also ordered some salmon sashimi pieces ($9.50), sushi rolls/hand rolls, and one of their chef's plate: a yellowtail jalapeno sashimi with ponzu and cilantro ($11.00).  What a disgrace to Japanese food.  This shit tasted horrible.  I cannot believe the quality of fish they used.  It was cut funny and left a horrible aftertaste.  I didn't bother eating any of the sashimi dishes after the first bite.  I also ordered a side of rice and had to return it twice.  How do you mess up rice??  The first bowl he brought out was hard and dry as hell.  Eww!!  I can't believe they served that, it was not even edible.  You can tell it's been sitting in the cooker for a while.  He brought out another bowl and it was the exact same thing so I passed on it.  To make things worse our server was rude.  He didn't do much and I had to wave him down to keep him updated on the status of our dining experience (ie. rice, drinks, blah).  For the most part he just took our order, brought us our bill, we paid, then bounced. Never Again.
3	Once upon a time there was a Princess who moved to Las Vegas (although she still had a part-time kingdom gig in New Jersey, the Garden State).  Along with all the blinding neon lights, she was blown away by a concept unheard of back East - the Reverse Happy Hour.  Soon she was happily scarfing down Ladies' Margaritas, pizza with goat cheese, and tacos unlike anything served in Mexican restaurants - big enough for a meal, accompanied by fried rice with fresh pineapple and shrimp, and for only 4.50 (okay, maybe 5 bucks tops) - at her favorite Happy Hour watering hole, Kona Grill.  Or was it the fabulous southwestern slaw?  The Princess was there so often, and had so many delectable and cheap dishes - and Ladies' Margaritas - that it's hard to remember what came with what.But that was in the olden days, circa 2007. And a lot of that is gone.  First to go was the goat cheese on the pizza.  Then the garlic shrimp pizza.  The fried rice.  The slaw.  The onion rings to die for.  Gone, all gone.The Happy Hour remains, though a ghost of its former self.  The margarita is the same, and only 50 cents more.  The 10" pizza is still good, costs six bucks, but now only as a Pizza Margherita - with tomatoes, cheese and basil, BBQ chicken, or Pepperoni.  Not a bad deal, but not the pizza of blessed memory.Tonight we managed to eat early enough to get to the first happy hour, before 7 pm.  Most of the patio heaters were working, and I had my Princess Cushion with me, to protect my Royal Behind from the hard, cold metal seat, so we were pretty comfortable.  My husband had a Blue Moon ($4, which I don't think is a great happy hour price any more).  I had the margarita, of course.  We shared the tomato pizza, which had a good amount of cherry tomato halves and shredded fresh basil, and also an order of Romaine Wraps, with chicken and shrimp in a mildly spiced sauce.  That was really tasty.If I didn't yearn for the Kona Happy Hour of yore, I might have given this a higher rating.  What you get is still very good, and so is the service, which includes a last call for Happy Hour.  But it's hard to forget the glory that was Kona.  Maybe when the economy comes back, the goat cheese will, too.  I can only hope.  And then I will live Happily Ever After.The End
5	i like this place... the saki bomb.. is great with sushi!! happy hour an the environment is great... good service an good people.. an u welll have a great time... go on a weekend... i recommend it...!!
4	I came home to Las Vegas to spend time with family for the holidays. My mom and stepdad decided to take me here for dinner while I'm here. The two of them kept raving about how it's "sooooo gooood" and that there is "nothing bad here at all!" Naturally, I kept a clear mind and tasted everything they ordered to add to my Yelp review.We came on a Tuesday evening around 8:30pm. It was aesthetically pleasing at night time. Dim lights, gentle colors, very nice decor, sophisticated. I'd say it's a pretty nice date place. The front area to the left was the bar which was separated from the normal dining area by glass. The noise level wasn't too distracting and you could just hear the music. But it wasn't obnoxious or anything like that. They played a lot of music that I used to listen in in the early '00s. We ordered the Crab Special sushi roll as an appetizer. It wasn't very impressive. Maybe I've just had my fair share of sushi places, or maybe it was a bad night. But it was a so-so roll for me and I probably wouldn't choose to get it again. Then again, it was a simple crab roll, so maybe it's just me. As for entrees, my stepdad ordered a caesar salad with the macadamia nut chicken added in. He had upgraded to an entree size, and I must say that it was pretty big. They added in these cheese cracker like things that added a nice touch to the salad. My mom ordered the Pan-Asian Noodle dish because they had gotten it before and fell in love. It was a warm udon noodle with seasoned beef. I only tasted the noodle and it was really, really full of flavor. The presentation made the dish seem small, but don't let that deceive you! There's quite a bit there to fill you up. I had the Macadamia Nut Chicken entree. It had two large pieces of crispy chicken covered in their shoyu-cream sauce. The combination was delicious! Not too creamy and not too bland. The chicken was also very tender. There was also a side of string beans which were a little too salty for my liking. It was cooked with a lot of butter and garlic. Luckily, there was a side of garlic mashed potatoes to balance the flavor. The pineapple-papaya marmalade was really refreshing as well. If I had to score the dish itself on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it a 7. The serving size was also very generous, I ended up taking half of it home even after offering my parents some. Although I missed her name, the waitress that served us was very kind. She made sure to check on us often and answered any questions that we had. She also provided more info on other dishes and gave recommendations. So based on her, I'd say the place had pretty good customer service. So with two sushi rolls and three entrees, we spent a total of about $70. Not too bad. I wouldn't go all the time, but every once in a while would be nice.Next time I should try to go with a few friend to check out the happy hour. The people there seemed to be having a lot of fun!
3	Nice ambience, reminded me somewhat of PF changs. Although kona was asian fusion, I decided to just stick with plain old sushi and rolls. It was mediocre, but I'm still eager to come back again next time to try out their other menu!
5	5* **claps! Reverse Happy Hour; this place just became my new home. Happy Hour all day Sunday; time to move to this side of town!After a brutal round of golf @ angel park, this is definitely my "it" place to wind down have a drink & a light meal. Service is fantastic, friendly crowd, great food & did I mention Reverse Happy Hour!Sushi was the craving for the night, so I snapped up the ahi wanton crisp, spicy tuna roll & the crab crunch roll. The ahi was magnificent the horseradish sauce was prominent, not over the top, delectable & delicious, just give me a bag of the wanton crisps which accompanied it & it'll put a smile on my face any day.Spicy tuna is well spicy tuna, but for some odd reason this edges out possibly the best spicy tuna I've had (sushi para @ chicago), its a remarkably minimal roll, small & explosive in taste (like a grenade of yum!). Closing out with the crab crunch roll as recommended by the bartender (quite a friendly-chap). Thank you so much for this recommendation, I can finally stop loathing eel sauce! Spot on, great texture, can I have these as mini-snack bites!In fairness I'm not one to care for ambiance unless its fine dining, my first yelp 5* can't wait to be handing more of these out!
3	This place has a pretty decent happy hour. Half price appetizers as well as some pretty cheap drinks. Very cheap sake bombs ! Happy hours gets pretty busy, and is only available in the bar and the patio area. Patio area is great when weather outside is nice - but on hot summer nice, it isn't very ideal. So, if you do go during bad weather, be sure to get there when it starts so you can get seats, as there isn't much seating inside. Food:Calamari was decent. There was too much batter and not at all oily. Comes with a spicy sauce which was good, but I still prefer the sauce offered at Olive Garden. BBQ Chicken pizza, I wouldn't get again. Sauce was weird and the chicken was dry. They also cut it very oddly... haha. Potstickers have good taste but are fried and I prefer mine steamed. Tuna wonton crisps are good. Tuna always seems fresh. Comes with a wasbai sauce that I'm not too fond of, but still good. Overall - definitely a place to try for happy hour. Not sure if I would go there otherwise.
1	Frankly, I used to enjoy this place, but the new menu is bunk and service went down hill.  Our waitress botched our drink order multiple times, but we had no recourse since they add 18% gratuity to parties of 7.  They even charged an extra $2 for adding ice to my scotch!!  The Omikase sashimi combo claims to have 18 pieces, but I counted 14.  What's with all the sauces?  They're trying way too hard with this: since when does sashimi need to be drenched in sauces?  Rather than accentuating the fish, the sauces ruined it.  Plus the pizza was greasy.  I won't be returning.
2	Not sure if it was the combination of the poor food especially for such I high price, or the bad service. The staff was heard commenting many times how they didn't like how busy it was, like asic they had something better to do...and having to sit next to all the ultra-elite Summerlin-ites made me want to go get Botox and a tummy tuck then gorge on fast food while waching the Real Hpusewives of Orange County. Been to Hawaii many times, including my wedding, and never tasted this bland of food. Appetizers errr over salted and entrees were undercooked. Thank god they couldn't screw up the sushi.
4	All day happy hour on Sundays?! Chee!! Came by for lunch after work on Sunday and was pretty stoked to hear they had happy hour all day! You either have to sit at the bar or outside on the patio for the HH prices. Luckily, it was a nice sunny day so we sat outside. The bf and I were craving sushi (although not the BEST place to come for sushi) -- their sushi was suffice. Ordered some salmon nigiri and spicy tuna roll. Also got the tuna nachos which was seared sliced ahi on fried wonton chips.. not what I expected but nonetheless delicious. Also, got a couple martinis and beers to wash it all down.Service was overall mediocre.. Took us a while to even get a menu. Overall, Kona Grill was enjoyable. Food was fine nothing spectacular. Just pretty cool they have HH on Sundays..
4	Best happy hour ever!!!! Quality and quantity of food was terrific. And service was great. Had a large beer, two small sakes, three appetizers for $31 including tip. Good deal.
4	I LOOVVEEE this place! I'm so glad that they have a location in Vegas. Kona offers a great mix of American & Asian food. Not to mention the best happy-hour.We came here twice. The first time for their main restaurant which is decent, but you HAVE to try their happy-hour. I know that it's all day happy hour on Sundays too! I normally order the BBQ Chicken pizza ($6), fried calamari, lettuce wrap w/ chicken & shrimp, and a few of the rolls. I know some of their other locations offer the Atlantic roll (salmon roll) & spicy shrimp rolls. Everything is under $8 so you can get a healthy portion of food for cheap. It's best to go in a group so that you can get a real taste of their happy-hour menu. We didn't get any drinks so I can't comment about that menu. Just make sure to sit at the bar or outside seating for happy-hour prices.A must try: Japaleno Yellowtail Sashimi. This is a little pricier, but if you have never tried any version of this, Kona is a great place to start. They have the perfect ponzu sauce to go with the yellowtail. The jalapenos cuts all of the fishy-taste [which usually isn't present since their sushi is fresh].  I never ate sashimi before until I tried this very dish. Enjoy!
4	Love there happy hour!! My husband and I go there as often as we can.. The seared ahi which is on a wonton skin is delicious and crab special roll is so yummy and all very reasonable.
2	I visited Kona my first day in North Las Vegas based on the recommendation of a friend. I was not pleased with the overall quality of food or service. I arrived at 2PM and was seated in the dining area along with a dozen or less other patrons. I ordered the soup and salad, along with a sushi roll. It took nearly 20 minutes to receive the soup and salad, and another 15 minutes for the sushi!
4	This place is great! Went for Happy Hour and had the best time. Best bartenders -so attentive and great. Made the best drinks. Delicious food! I mean so tasty! Great atmosphere. All in all -LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	LOVE the Kona Grill!  It is one of our favorite places to go to dinner and it never disappoints! Order the "Las Vegas Sushi Roll" and "Macadami Nut Chicken".... YUM!!!  That is what we get pretty much every time we go.  :)
3	Not bad,  Not bad.....1.  Ambiance - Large place, dark setting, which is very nice and makes it a bit cozy, given it's size.  Good place for business meetings or even date.2.  Front Desk Reception - All very nice, reservations and crowd control. Makes it very cool.3.  Food - Asian/Hawaiian style and very nice. Whether the sushi, the rolls, or anything on the menu, it is all good.4.  Comparable - If you want real Hawaiian food, t here are many other places to go, but most of the other places are more, family style and more like hole in the wall places. 5.  Wow Factor - This place has it. If you need it , go here, and the food is okay too.
4	I'm a big Kona Grill fan.  It's consistent and good - expected from a chain.Today we just hit up happy hour.  Lots of half price choices for food: about 7 sushi rolls, AMAZING calamari, tasty potstickers, crispy avocado egg rolls, satays, tacos, sliders, and so on.  Also, 3 pizzas for $6 each.   Drinks include beer, sake bombers, wine, flavored cosmos, and margaritas ranging from $4-$7.50.Happy hour is always packed here.  Luckily, Kona has a lovely outdoor patio to enjoy their offerings.Lunch and dinner is also a winner here.  I LOVE the asian salad with macadamia nut chicken.  Chopped napa cabbage, onions, toasted almonds, sesame seeds, and ramen noodles all tossed in a sesame vinaigrette.  Light, crunchy, and refreshing. I've been pleased with the pad thai many times, along with the macadamia nut chicken entree served with white cheddar mashed potatoes and topped with a creamy, dreamy shoyu sauce.  Delectable. Finish your meal with a passion fruit creme brulee and you leave feeling pleased with "fusion"
4	Happy Hour Alert!One of my favorite happy hours! These margaritas are the strongest in town. Wasted after three and I can hold my liquor. Half priced appetizers are a must. Rolls, pizzas, lettuce wraps, spicy shrimp and avocado rolls are some of my favorites. I go as often as I can and even come back for reverse happy hour when I'm in the mood. Great place to sit, drink, eat and socialize. Get here early though, this place get BUSY!!!
2	This is perhaps the single most overrated place I've been to in Las Vegas.  I'm not sure why it's packed all the time except that it has a nice atmosphere and a great location.Was not impressed with the sushi ,the pizza, nor the drinks.  They had some gals walking around giving out beer - that was cool eye candy but I can go to about 1,000 places locally for that.Don't get it - prices aren't great either.  It is a nice happy hour place since the atmosphere is really cool.  But just not understanding the big appeal.
1	I like this restaurant's environment and location and the staff seemed friendly. Everything seemed to be going great until I ordered a salad and I found a lady bug greeting me on the other end. Yes, folks there was a ladybug in my salad. I lost my appetite and for psychological reasons it was my first visit to Kona Grill and it will be my last visit.
5	I was recently contacted by Lloyd a District Manager for Kona Grill. I truly appreciate Lloyd's concern and prompt reply to my experience. These are the moments that truly count. It gives me peace of mind knowing that my situation wasn't viewed as insignificant. I look forward to dining at Kona Grill once again.
4	Haven't been here in forever and even back then it was to relax after work with an adult beverage.This place does not pretend to be anything it isn't. We sat at the bar had a few sushi roles, potstickers and a couple of Long Island iced teas.Bartender super attentive (Mojito not great), food came our fast and fresh plus the people scene is interesting to watch.All in all and easy place to pop into and enjoy a relaxed lunch on a weekend. Will for sure not wait so long to go back.Thanks Kona!
4	The food is fresh and the staff is friendly.Great portions for the sushi and pizzas for Happy Hour.  A must if you're in the area!Don't forget to try the fried pork & shrimp fried rice....YUM!
3	Kona seems to be the spot for everyone to hang out. I get that they have good happy hour deals, but every time I've gotten food, it's been underwhelming. I'm all for sushi, but it's not a food I associate with drinking and partying (probably cuz I get super clumsy with my chopsticks, and then I fail to be able to get anything successfully in my mouth). Kona seems to attract the older people in the area too. I think it's kinda odd, but hey, I guess they like to have some fun too!
1	When we arrived the hostess was putting on her lipstick at the front desk.  No greeting, no hello, nothing.  Finally we asked for a table and opted for the outdoor seating.   The waitress brings us menus and seems to be a little frazzled.   So there are 8 in our party why would you bring 4 plates, 4 chopsticks, and 6 sets of silverware????  Sushi was rolled loose and looked like it was done in a rush.  We heard such great reviews of this place, but this was not a very good impression!!  :(
1	The "Happy Hour menu" is what attracted us to come here often especially when it's all-day during Sundays. We would even drive from the South end of the Strip all the way to Summerlin just to eat here. Their outside patio seating during warm/hot days in Las Vegas is perfect esp where you can watch Football or NBA playoffs while enjoying a glass of beer. Sadly, my family and I used to enjoy this place (every weekend) but for some strange reason the the food is not as good as before (Sushi was rolled loose and looked like it was done in a rush) and customer service went down hill (hostess putting on lipstick, NO greeting, the waitress brought 4 plates and 6 sets of silverware for a party of 8, NO hello, my name is..., you have to ask for drink refills and if you take your food to go, they don't include the dipping sauces, etc.)R.I.P.
4	I love their happy hour!   The calamari are the best in town.  The bartenders are very friendly and it is simply the place to be after 5 pm.
4	Good happy hour, but not if you arrive after 430!
4	Good food,nice lighting nice local crowd,food is very consistent recomend the ribeye and the ribs
4	MY FAVORITE Happy Hour (food) Menu!!  The calamari, the bbq chicken pizza, the sushi rolls, and the sliders are the best choices!  The Happy Hour prices are great too!  Sometimes it does get pretty noisy, but it's a fun place to go to watch a game and hang out with friends.  To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of the happy hour drink menu... Their cosmos make me sick, they're far too sweet, the wine doesn't ever seem like that good of a deal, nor do the saki bombs.  But the food is great!!!
5	Really like this place!  I go here all the time with my boyfriend and friends for their great happy hour. The sushi is really fresh and delicious. My favorites are the Atlantic roll and crab crunch. They also have really yummy pizzas! The margarita pizza is really good (good size and thin crust). Outdoor seating is awesome! Misters in the summer and heat lamps in the winter. Great place!
3	I still can't figure out why people love this place.  Food was below average in my opinion and priced very high.  The atmosphere is cool but that's the only thing they have going for them.
3	I think for most people this might be a pretty cool place. We have tried the patio and the inside multiple times trying to figure out what the attraction is that others have to this joint. The patio definitely has a better vibe, but each time we see the weird waiter. When I said weird, I mean the guy has black died long hair in a samurai ponytail and a full face of make up. We have found rice in the the "clean" forks (which the weird waiter blew off like it was normal) and the drinks have been extremely average; however, the food bites for happy hour are tasty and cheap, and the patio offers a fun get together experience for friends. The only downside to the patio...it is a very tight fit between tables...a bit uncomfortable for someone who likes their space.
3	I'd like to go on record as saying I like Kona, but I don't get the massive appeal it seems to have with some friends of mine. Do you guys really like ok food for more premium prices? Do you like ok service, too? Because that's what I feel I got here. I ordered sushi and water on my last trip here. It was good, sure, but not GREAT. It wasn't the kind of meal I was expecting when friends suggested this place had some of the best sushi in town, and definitely not competitive with Ichiza or Yama or Kaya. Not even close. My date ordered a salad, and she seemed pretty happy with it. From where I was sitting, it looked like the salads that they serve at Wendy's, except this time I'm paying more than $5 for it. Grumble grumble...All in all, I'm sure I'll come here. This is one of those places where the cool kids hang out, and I like the atmosphere here. Except maybe next time I come, I'll grab a bite before hand and just enjoy a beer here.
4	Still, one of the better happy hour joints in Summerlin. And you can eat somewhat healthy on this menu: Chicken Satay & a couple of sushi rolls. But for dinner is where you gotta get sum!!!!!
4	Avocado egg rolls, chicken satay, sushi rolls, pizzas, chicken romaine wraps...all for less/over $20?! Try their happy hour specials, 3-7pm and 9-11pm.Their happy hour specials are great value but very LIMITED selections, especially the sushi rolls. That said, the sushi isn't really fantastic. Nice atmosphere, though.Kona has an outside patio where most of the happy hour crowd sits. It gets pretty busy. Friendly servers without rude service.
4	We've been to Kona Grill a few times to hit up their Happy Hour special.  It runs from I think 3-7 then again from 10-12 weekdays, Saturdays its during the afternoon (I can't recall the exact times), and Sunday it's all day.  I'd have to say that it gets pretty crowded during the Happy Hour times - especially if you're going during the week after work or something.  There's normally open seating at the sushi bar if you don't mind though.I like it here.  The food is a great value with their Happy Hour pricing.  They have a list of apps at half off and also some other items for 6 bucks... as well as some drinks for half off.  Their food is quality, ambience is great, service is not bad considering how busy it always is too.I've tried almost all the sushi on their Happy Hour Menu and to me, it's just OK.  Get the wave roll, it's pretty refreshing (I don't think it's a steal at 6 bucks though).  I also like the Crab Crunch I think it's called.  Other than that, I can't think of anything else that jumps off as awesome.   If you are looking for amazing sushi, go to a Japanese restaurant.My favorite thing, however, is the two burgers for 6 bucks.  They are smaller sized burgers with a side of fries.  The meat is top quality and its its topped off with a bunch of great tasting things.  I like it and order this every time.I normally like pot stickers, but I'm not crazy about the ones here (my friends think opposite, they like them).  The meat in it is loose and doesn't stick together.  I think that's why it puts me off.  Anyway, the lettuce wraps are good, the calamari is good... everything is pretty good.  Not OMG, but good!This is definitely one of the more generous happy hour spots in terms of their specials and times that they offer the great deals.
5	Awesome happy hour!  Hard to find a table though because it's so popular!The BBQ chicken pizza is $6 and is a full pizza that is very filling for two people. The calamari and California rolls are above average!!
4	I have only gone here once it was on a date. The atmosphere is one of my favorite things about this place it made me feel like i was back in a restaurant from Los Angeles. The decor is very chic and Hollywood and its a good restaurant for a date. We had there Avocado Egg Roll as an appetizer this was very delicious. For dinner I had the Kona Filet Very tender and juicy very small but that was ok because we also ordered some sushi rolls as well. There food was good nothing amazing i mainly like this place for there service, vibe, and they have great drinks. I would go back here, Next time I wanna try there Happy Hour!
5	The food was delicious and the presentation was beautiful.  This is the norm at this local hot spot.   We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful Friday evening, it was busy but no wait time.  The server, Mark, was wonderful, very helpful, and available when needed.  The caterpiller roll featured eel and avocado.  The sunshine roll is spicy salmon topped with lemon.  hamachi kyuri is sashimi of yellowtail in ponzu sauce.  Finally we left our last selection to the discretion of the chef.  We recieved crab wrapped in salmon.  All four were enjoyed with a couple of beers in ice cold glasses.  Overall a wonderful meal, we will be back.
4	They have a great happy hour and the prices are awesome. Sometimes the service isn't great though, its a hit or miss to get a good server. Over all a fun place to go with friends.PS Briana was an excellent server last night. Always checked back, kept up on refills, asked how the food was, etc.
3	I really only like this place at happy hour for the avocado egg rolls. Mmmm :)
2	I love the food but this time the service was crap. We eat here every month or so and have noticed the service degrading. Ordered drinks and waitress left before we could order appetizers. Popped up again after we waited a good 15 minutes and let us order appetizers then she vanished before we could place our dinner order... Appetizers sat at the sushi bar until we pointed them out to another server. That server brought them to us but was only able to find one of the things we ordered. Ahi wonton crisps are my favorite which is why there are 2 stars up rather than one. We should have abandoned ship at that point I think. We were drinking and having a good time so we weren't in any particular hurry to eat but this was pushing it to the point that we and others in our party started to get annoyed. Sushi order was screwed up from the get go. Our waitress offered a "sorry" and quickly walked away rather than fixing it. Had to get our own silverware and ask them for condiments. Was late Saturday night and while the bar was busy, the restaurant area was mostly empty. Some booths were taken but none of the tables, so not very busy... not busy enough to excuse the poor treatment. Whole night was a bit of a mess. Portions were much smaller than normal. Wondering if they have changed management or had to cut back on costs.We had to get other servers and a bus boy at one point to get our food or order additional sushi. Star rating went down as the evening went on. Was excited to take our friends here but ended up embarrassed and disappointed all night. What happened to my favorite restaurant????? When we left, rather than being content the couples were complaining about having paid for an unsatisfactory meal. For the price we paid I can't justify ever going back. Too many great restaurants out there to bother with an average chain.
4	I am definitely a regular of this place as it is in my neck of the woods. As I am sure you have heard before they have a GREAT happy hour, one I am a fan of! Patio seating is great, and yes even in the Vegas heat! They have a covered patio with misters that actually do what they are suppose to and keep you cool! During busy happy hour times (Friday nights) it does get a little tough to find a seat so I recommend going early to save spots for you and your guests. Servers are always nice, especially one I have encountered a few times named Eddie. They usually check on your frequently without being overbearing. Now for the food and drink! I shall review happy hour first! Sake bombs are a must and a steal at $7 for a large Kirin and large sake.The margaritas are pretty delicious and strong too! Food recommendations:DEFINITELY my fave : ahi wonton crisps: fresh ahi seared and sliced on crispy wonton crisps drizzled with a wasabe dressing! YUM!-spicy tuna; cant go wrong with that-pot stickers come with a very yummy dipping sauce and are pan seared- barbeque chicken pizza is very generously portioned and can feed about 3 people ; a steal at only $6 - I would recommend just about everything on the happy hour menu! Menu food: macadamia nut crusted chicken is also a favorite, served with a good sized portion of mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. Also the oriental chicken salad with the crispy ramen noodles is accompanied with a great sesame dressing.Overall- a must go/try for happy hour and regular menu food is pretty good too but I stick to the happy hour :)
4	My sister and I went to Kona with the intention of just hacving a few drinks but ended up having dinner. The weather was so nice so we decided to sit outside, and it was packed! It took quite some time for the waiter to take our order, but he was working on at least 10 other tables, so we understood. Appetizer-The yellow tail was a little bit more fishy than I like, but the ponzo sauce, cilantro, jalepeno, and crispy rice strips  made for an awesome array of textures!Meal-I ordered the pork tenderloins with mashed potatoes and bok choy. WOW! Simply the best I've ever had. Tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned. A job well done.We also ordered the Strawberry Basil Lemonade with rum. WOW, DANGEROUS! SOOOOO GOOOOOD!
4	Trendy, fun spot. Service was quick. Macadamia crusted chicken chopped salad was on point! Would like to go back for happy hour.
2	GREAT MENU / BUT JUST OKAYWhat this is great for: sitting for a drink for happy hour on their patio with the mister shooting right atop your head.  What it is not: dining and enjoying your food.  Blah, plain, underseasoned, just not good.The restaurant decor is very cool, and but just underwhelming on the food.PS.  Very nice update.  Lloyd, the Manager at the Kona Grill, wrote me an email the next day after I had written this review.  It was both professional and apologetic, and offered a gift card for me to return and try the restaurant again.  Once received, I will visit and hope to have a better dining experience.
5	Great happy hour... And Joel... The best bartender....
5	I have never had a bad experience at this place. The cocktails are fairly unique, as every establishment should have some 'signature' items to have exclusively. My favorite, the coolcumber mojito. Now, as a bartender myself, puitting a mojito on the specialty drink menu can be a challenge when you're busy, which they typically are, so they definitely get bonus points for putting up with my boyfgriend and I when we order them.I have to call Randy out on the blast about underseasoning... Did you only come once? Did you sample a good portion of the menu? I really hate it when people come on here to bitch when they've only visited a place once. Have fun with your free meal. And if Sam only wants to drink cheap well liquor, have fun with your headaches in the morning ; )Anyway, The menu can be a challenge at times. Not very often have I really had a full entree. Even the happy hour plates are filling (and amazing). The spicy walnuts on select salads are crazy good, and put a good spin on things. And jalapeno-raspberry vinaigrette? Where do you guys come up with these things?! Awesome.It's hard to find a seat most days, especially during happy hour. If that's something to complain about, I just don't follow... it means the food, etc is GOOD. No more bashing my Kona.And word to Joel, Chris and Christian. You guys are rockstars at that bar.
4	I don't know what it is about their food, but it's so delicious and unique to me. I really can't get enough of it!  Happy hour offers some great prices on apps and drinks as well. The only thing this place needs help with is staffing.We sat at the bar and were mostly ignored, and had to flag down attention when we wanted something. Bartenders were gossiping about another customer and quite loudly. Was bit surprised how open it was. They seem kind of stuck up too. I thought it was a bit unprofessional and immature. Think they need better customer service there.So, to complete my review. Delicious food. Not so great staff.Update: I have raised this review to 4 stars from 3. We went back to give it another go.  It was a slow night there. This time we sat in the dinning area instead of the bar and had above superb service. Our waitress (named Karen) was on top of everything and very sweet. So, best bet might be to sit in the dining room rather than the bar. They seem to care more in this section! Overall I recommend Kona, if nothing else, at least for the delicious food and apps.
4	Always something good going on here.  Kona Grill's Happy Hour has a good selection and some deals to be found, and it goes on 7 days a week!  The servers are very courteous and helpful with making suggestions.
4	Excellent happy hour with lots of real, non-greasy food on the list. Try the tacos in chicken or catfish, or the crunchy crab rolls - all of which are generous enough to be a meal for one or are easy to share. Staff are upbeat and attentive, music isn't overly loud, patio is heated for cool desert nights. It's one of those off the strip chill spots that's a nice break from the tourist circuit.
5	Their happy hour Sake bombs are bomb! Love going here because it reminds me of home, which is a rare find for me since living here in Vegas. Their outdoor area is the perfect spot to to have a drink or 2 and talk story with a friend. And that is why I keep coming back!
4	They have a really good happy hour with 50% off select apps and cheap cocktails, such as the $4 margarita. I had the avocado egg rolls and crab crunch roll, but very delicious!Overall the food is really good but the drinks are a little strong for me.  But for people that enjoy a very strong cocktail, this is the place to go.  They definitely don't skimp on the alcohol here.
3	Kona Grill has the best value happy hour out there.  The food portions are gargantuan for a small price.  The best part is that they offer HH 7 days a week!  On Saturdays, it runs from 1-5.  It's only offered in the bar & lounge area, which fills up quickly.  The best dishes we ordered were the BBQ Chicken Pizza and the Chicken Satays.  Loved the spicy peanut sauce that came with the satays.  The pizza is so filling!!  I'm gonna say pass on the sushi.  While it's really cheap @ $3/roll, it's not so fresh.  We tried an Atlantic Roll to which we both said "Meh!"  The spicy shrimp was pretty good, however their calamari wasn't so much. They offer a house Chardonnay & Cab @ $6/glass during HH.  The Chard was not bad for cheap HH wine.  They also have a Sake @ $6/bottle.The service is hit or miss.  We've had OK experiences and one horrible experience, but never fantastic.
4	Great atmosphere and great selection of food. My husband was able to enjoy American while I enjoyed their sushi selection. I really appreciated that our waitress gave a great recommendation of rolls for me to try...yummy!
5	Kona Grill in Boca Park, SummerlinWhat a great place for happy hour! Its delicious dishes and drinks, especially its friendly and efficient staff make customers happy and keep them coming back; no wonder it is always crowded with repeat customers!Kona Grill has a variety of great drinks, including Sake Bomber! Its sushi and calamari dishes, among others are absolutely delicious! If you like sushi for happy hour, Kona's the place to go. Its patio is beautiful and spacious, wrapping around the building, quite romantic and inviting with the torch lamps on in cool evenings! The sushi bar is charming and relaxing with its two large gorgeous aquaria on each side of the TV.OK, here's my honest confession! Kona Grill is located only a few store spaces away from Gordon Biersch Brewery. Both establishments are hopping at happy hours - and for a good reason. Gordon Biersch has its famous German Brews and a nice bar menu, too. I am actually a loyal customer of both Kona Grill and Gordon Biersch for happy hours. Each establishment has its own unique charm which will keep you coming back! I usually take turns going to both. My taste is obviously not at all unique, as I frequently see familiar faces showing up in both places.Note: - Parking is at a premium in front of Kona Grill and Gordon Biersch. But, one can always find a parking space in the upper lot above the underground parking, a distance shorter than a football field away. Walking a little before and after the happy hours is pretty good for digestions anyway. There's also valet parking closed by the establishments. By the way, if you drive after your happy hour on Alta by Sun Coast, beware of the Metro Cop on motobikes - the speed limit is 35mph on Alta.PeterskisVegas, 12/18/11--
3	Three stars are granted mainly for the decor and the contemporary interior. They do have some great conversation pieces on the wall which is all Peter Lik artwork. However, the dining experience is indifferent. First, the bar is always packed and busy and for such a volume of casual drinkers the bar space is small and really hard to conversate in. When being seated there was all this confusion on who was to find and set up our table which as a bit of a turn off since the dining area wasn't all that busy. Lastly, we tried the sayuri nigori sake which was very nice. You can taste the sake, but the strength does not overpower the flavor is sweet, with a wild character. I assure you it does the job. I also took a taste of their reisling which was delightful and sweet. So I'd recommend that as well for a wine selection.I had the miso soup and tried the dragon roll. Nothing special or different about the food honestly, especially for the price you pay, and I felt like I could go elsewhere and get the same order for a better price and better taste.So three stars mainly for the decor. The food and service is way over priced for the quality of the dining experience you get.
4	Had dinner here on a whim. It looked like we came on a busy Saturday night but we were seated promptly. I just wish the hostess could've greeted us with a nicer attitude instead of a nonchalant one. Other than that I was glad she gave us a booth because coincidentally seated in the booth behind is was my bf's college friend. Once seated, our waitress who had her blonde hair braided to the side asked us for our drink orders. She was very nice, attentive, and perky. After getting our drinks our waitress gave us a few min then took our dinner orders. I had the truffle lobster mac n cheese and bf had medium steak. The food was amazing! My mac n cheese was one of the best I've ever had. Bf loved his meal, and that's a big compliment because he knows a lot about food. However, the pineapple on his steak was a bit sour. Other than that we really enjoyed our meal. A few things I really like about the place is their decor. The contemporary interior made for a comfortable dinning experience.The aquarium was nice. The TVs add a nice touch to the place too. The booths are very comfortable. Kudos to the owners :)A few other things they could improve on is their service. Our server obviously did not know how to open and serve a bottle of wine correctly. I work as a hostess at a restaurant in the strip and their hostess could use a lecture about good service. Other that those little things the restaurant is a really nice place to eat and hang out. =D
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Summerlin, NV.Every time I try a new dish it becomes my new favorite dish.  The sauces are tasty so ask for extra bread to sop it up.  I like the Pan Asian Noodle and the Chicken Pesto Linguini.The real hot ticket is the Happy Hour menu.  I eat at like a King on the budget of a beggar.  My girlfriend and I get a couple sushi rolls (3$ each) and the Fish Tacos and the Avocado Egg Rolls.  Go on Sunday...HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY!
4	One of my favorites- heck i can eat here everydayThings I order all the time  rock coconut mojito(not on happy hour menu),bbq chicken pizza, chicken satay,avocado egg rolls, red velvet cupcake, fish tacos, and the salads( all can be shared with others) .   Yummy- I'm thinking about going today
5	I love,love Kona grill and you can't beat that happy hour is all day on Sunday.
3	I think after giving Kona Grill a few tries, my rating still stands. During my last visit, I tried to mix up the variety a bit, and my dad ordered the hawaiian ribeye and my sister and I shared a lobster and truffle mac and cheese. I think the mac and cheese was yum! Do expect it to be filling, but finding nice lobster chunks that evens out the pasta ratio is a big plus! The ribeye was good. It had a big pineapple slice that the ribeye sits on. The season was a decent taste as well. Service was kind of disappointing being that it wasn't busy at all at the dining area, but our server Justen managed to rarely check up on us, and then after flagging him down for refills, forgot that we requested refills.
4	I like this place mostly for the great happy it offers and outdoor seating that's fun during the day and on wonderful summer nights.  The food is priced well even when it's not happy hour and the menu does satisfy varying tastes regardless of who you choose to bring along.  Some of my favorites are the avocado egg rolls and sweet and spicy shrimp along with the chicken satay for appetizers.  As far as the rolls go I haven't had one I didn't like, but what I do like is they have a great selection of cooked food for those that don't enjoy sushi.  I like to meet here for lunch or dates when you want some privacy and you can just get a booth to have to yourself.
5	This is my favorite place for social hour!! Their food is fabulous and the staff is so welcoming and accommodating!! The have an outside lounge area too!! Best restaurant in Summerlin!!!
1	Ugh, nothing worse than a hair in your food and a restaurant that won't comp a 13.00 sandwich rather than lose a customer.  The waitress, Karen, offered a free dessert, buy why would I want to eat more food there after my appetite was shot?!  Will NOT be going back there again.
4	The location is very close to Total Wine and More, so it was only a matter of time before i went here....and Im happy I did. First, the coconut sushi roll was amazing. I could have ordered 4 of those and been happy, but i couldn't pass up the soft shelled crab sandwich! If you like soft shelled crab, then eating a whole one stuffed between two pieces of bread should only increase your love of it. Creme brulee  was the dessert of the day. I dont even remember how it tasted due to being overshadowed by the awesome coconut sushi roll! The price is up there, but considering I ate seafood it was not unexpected. Loved it.
4	My visit started out less than pleasant.  It was a bit cold outside, but they have these nice gas lamps to keep the patio warm so we chose an outdoor seat.  The gas lamp was not working, and the staff made very little effort to fix it, and actually kind of caught an attitude when we asked.  Then, the magic began.  We were there on a Sunday, so almost all of their specialty drinks, and many of their appetizers and rolls were half price.  I LOVE half price happy hour!  We had mojitos and pretty much any food item you can think of.  Everything was delicious.  This location is in a small strip mall, but because it was a Sunday, the usual hustle and bustle had died down.  The best part, it's a chain!  That means that I don't have to go all the way to Vegas to have more Kona :)  Try it.
4	Happy Hour is definitely your best bet. We stopped in for lunch one day. White truffle lobster mac n' cheese was as comforting as it sounds.If you order the carrot cake like we did, please be prepared to share, it's huge! Overall, a great place to eat!
5	This was my 3rd trip to Kona Grill and i had a 5 star experience this time!We started with the Potstickers which were very delicious we scarfed those done right away lol. For dinner we decided just to do just sushi the 2 rolls i remember were the Spider roll and the Las vegas roll both were very very delicious but my favorite by far was the Las Vegas roll OMG this roll was so mouth watering and yummy. Its deep fried goodness mixed with there yummy eel sauce was a perfect combo.Overall I had such a great experience here delicious good quality food, I loved our waitress she was so awesome and very attentive. I cant wait to return here
1	Horrible food, slow, over priced and rude! No thank you, go to cheesecake next door and avoid the middle life crisis crew.
4	Met with my cousin for lunch - and as always Kona has a good crowd - luv sitting at their patio area - great ambiance! Ordered couple sushi but the salmon salad is the best!  It's on the other side of town but it's sure worth the drive!
5	I've been to their happy hour so many times I can't even count. It is awesome! & their sushi is SO good. Sitting outside in nice weather is the best, but sitting inside is cool, too. Definitely check this place out!
1	Hubby & I stopped by for a late lunch yesterday and had a very mixed bag of quality.  Ordered two nigiri, the smoked salmon was excellent but the albacore was so vinegared up that it even disgusted me.. and I love vinegar.Informed our server, Justen, and he said he would inform them of this problem.  Then, entrees arrived.. hubby's Grilled Ribeye Sandwich worked for him, but my Seared Scallops & Bacon with Citrus Aioli was beyond boring.  While I didn't expect much flavor from the scallops, there was absolutely none from the aioli, and barely any even from the bacon.  It was ridiculously tiny, four small scallops that were butterflied and then topped.. less food than any one nigiri.  I added a bit of lime juice from the plate decor, and that helped a teensy bit.. but not enough.In the meantime, our server has disappeared on us.. we haven't seen diddly since our entrees arrived and I mentioned the vinegar overdose.  Neither of us had any soda left in our glasses, but nothing we could do about it.  We finally flagged Justen down and requested our check, at which point he offered us soda refills.  Really?  There was no attempt to offer a replacement on the failed nigiri, there was no service while we were dining.. hope he enjoyed the tiny tip, as I deducted the nigiri from that portion of the tab.Will we return?  Nope.  One good nigiri and one decent sandwich doesn't make up for boring food and pathetic service.
4	Great location for people watching.  Get there early before it gets packed.  Reasonable drink and sushi prices during happy hour.  Valet instead of park.
1	The entire dining room opens to the noisy bar.  I wouldn't have thought it possible to talk over the "music", but several of the foul mouthed patrons in the bar managed the feat nicely.  Those of us in the front part of the dining area were regaled with their fascinating life experiences.  No stars for ambiance. I had the lemon grass swordfish on my waiter's recommendation. My dinner consisted of a 2 oz, piece of swordfish, a small scoop of white rice and an absolutely inedible portion of bok choy.  For this I paid $24. Ridiculous.  No stars for my food.Ms. Whodotoo had the macadamia crusted chicken.  She liked it.  I'll give them a star for that.The waiter managed to add an extra $5.50 to our bill for a beer we didn't have.  He corrected the error when it was called to his attention.  Given that there were four items on our bill (two dinners and two beverages), I suppose the waiter can be forgiven for his confusion.All in all, a poor experience.
4	Kona Grill is one of those places that usually has something on the menu to please anyone, so it's reliable when you need someplace handy.  When Tivoli Village was overrun by a BeerFest last weekend and we decided that Brio was not a good idea after all, my dinner date and I headed across the street and were seated immediately on the patio.   I've never had a problem with the food at Kona and this time was no different, ordering a small house salad and shrimp tempura roll.  However, choosing to sit on the patio was not such a great idea.  The music was too loud for conversation, the misters above our heads were dripping intermittently, and there were people smoking at the next table:  lesson learned.  Other than that, our server was very attentive and we had a great meal.  The End.
4	Always come here for their happy hour. Ahi wonton crisps and avocado rolls are the choice items.  It does get quite busy for happy hour and you have to fight and/or stalk a table to get a seat.  Otherwise, great food, great prices.
4	I happen to work in the Boca Park plaza (AT&T) so I have been able to check out this place for a few years. It's not a very high end restaurant like the ones you find on the Strip but it's still a good eat and has a cool, trendy atmosphere. I went with a co-worker we were seated in the main dinning area. You can sit at the bar, near the bar on tall tables with stools or outside on the patio. The lighting was good, not too dark but not bright either. They had some techno/trendy music playing so that was cool. We ordered Edamame to start, good and not a lot of salt unlike some restaurants. We ordered some drinks and the bartender made them quickly and they were a little strong (always good haha). We also got the Spicy Aioli (Kona Calamari) which was a little over battered but still tasty to us. I ordered the Pan-Seared Ahi and it was just amazing. If you like sushi or lightly cooked seafood then get this dish! It was sweet because its made with sweet chili sauce; it also comes loaded with white rice (on the bottom) and baby bok choy. My co-worker ordered Miso-Sake Marinated Sea Bass and I thought it tasted great, they did also. Its really rich in buttery flavoring so if you don't really like butter don't order this dish. The Sea Bass just falls apart when you touch it and I actually wished I ordered that after trying it. The staff was cool and knew their stuff about the menu so that helped a lot. After some drinks the total bill was about $70 before tip. Not too bad for everything that we had and the overall great experience. Check this place out if you are tired or want a change of pace from places like BJ's or Cheesecake Factory (some of my other favorite hangouts).
5	Although RA at Fashion Show is usually my go-to for happy hour-sushi/Japanese food cravings, Kona Grill is a nice alternative when in Summerlin, and it's cheaper than RA!Just recently we went to Kona for happy hour and although the bar area was crowded (they only offer the happy hour menu on their patio, in the bar area, and at the sushi bar) we were able to find stools right at the main bar. There was actually very ample counterspace (something you may or may not get in certain restaurants when ordering food at the bar) and service was very good.We ordered items off the happy hour menu:-chardonnay-spicy tuna roll-bbq chicken flatbread-chicken lettuce cups-steak wrapMy favorites were the flatbread and lettuce cups, although everything tasted very good. The best part was the bill...$28! You really can't beat that.
4	Going to Summerlin is like traveling to a different city. It takes some planning and I feel lost most of the time. Luckily for me, I have Robyn and Kevin L. to show me around this foreign land. Summerlin might not be as exotic or far as I make it out to be, but I definitely need a reason to head over there. On many occasions I was told about a happy hour that is worth checking out. It goes Monday-Friday from 4-7 and there is a reverse happy hour as well. Sit out on the patio, at the bar, or at the sushi bar and one will be guaranteed discount prices. The drinks list is small, but the sake bomber is worth the $7.5. It is a full bottle of beer and a container of sake. One of my friends got that and I regretted getting a margarita. The food is good, but what makes it better is the prices. Most of the basic rolls that run between $6-7 are half price. The same goes for select appetizers. The calamari are tender and delicious. Lettuce wraps are another bountiful choice that will surely please the taste buds. The specialty rolls are worth looking at for $6. With the HH checked off my list. I must come back for their regular menu. Apparently anything with soyu cream is a must have and I must get some.
4	We came back! I knew it wouldn't be long before we did. This was one of our regular spots. Food here is great. We always sit in Karen's section and she is awesome. If you go request her and you will get great service.Suggest you only dine in here. Have done pick up orders and its ALWAYS a mess. Girls at the front aren't very well organized.
4	Love the happy hour at this place, ran from 3-7pm (they have a reverse one that starts at 10pm) and I took full advantage. They have a $6 appetizer section and Several sushi rolls and small bites are half off, drinks are delicious but I always get the sake bomb (a mini carafe of sake and a 22oz beer).
1	Stopped in around 3pm with a girlfriend thinking that we could eat a late lunch here. We sat down and our server totally forgot about us. We could see him chatting up the table outside and he never returned. We already had our water and iced tea but since my friend and I were starving, we had grown extremely impatient. I mean this place had only about 4 tables going at that time and a lot of idle servers - which really added to our annoyance. We called over another waitress, paid for our drinks and left. I would give this place 0 stars if I could, since I didn't even get to eat.
4	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! One of my favorite Happy Hour spots! Great Vibe, Good food, Awesome sushi, and descent happy hour prices.  The Patio and Bar area is a fun/social setting, however you still have the option to have a nice quiet more personal dinner inside!
2	I've been hearing such great things about this place from friends for a year. I finally make it I've and I'm SOOOO DISAPPOINTED!!!!!We sat on the patio. The hostess didn't really help, she didn't even say Hello! I had to go back up to the front to get a menu. Once we sat down it took a little longer than we expected to have someone come over. But once he did our drinks came out fast. We asked about specials and the young man was knowledgeable about them but didn't do a good job of "Selling" them! We finally settled on two steak sandwiches... Very bland, very fatty piece of meat, little dry and wasn't cook to the temp I had asked for! The bread was good, and the garlic aioli was good but all the rest of it I could pass in life and not care!! *Our server did keep our drinks filled ( that gets a star)!Dessert: hmmm... Yeah another little disappointment! Red velvet cake was dry. But key lime was decent! All n all I think this place was all hyped up for nothing. Disappointed! Won't go back. But that's just us! GOOD LUCK HAPPY EATING
4	I love coming here with big parties during the happy hour. They also have a patio to sit at during the happy hour. Of course, you have to be 21 or over.Their sake bombs are great! Put that along with half price sushi and you get a fantastic happy hour! They also have great prices on their appetizers! In terms of price, it is similar to any other happy hour in town, but the environment is what makes this place a must try during the happy hour or reverse happy hour!
4	I am definitely a fan -- have been for years!  Love the HH at Kona Grill!  Food is tasty and their sake bombers are wonderful!!  They have a long list of happy hour food choices which is nice, not much for sushi aside from the standard, basic rolls, plus 3 "special rolls" which were certainly not three of their best.  We also had the avocado egg rolls, cheeseburger sliders, calamari and flatbread buffalo chicken pizza -- all wonderful choices!!The patio is great -- people watching and car watching doesn't get any better!  The misters are an added plus in the summer heat.  It does fill up and people do hover when your check arrives, but it's still worth it!!FYI -- I have taken the kids before, they are only allowed on the patio, not in the bar area.
3	It is happy hour all day Sunday so the BF and I went for it. Keep in mind it is bar or patio first come first serve. Some are half off, some are discounted apps and sushi and drinks ranging from $3ish-7 with most about $6. It was rather busy, but we were able to find a seat and served quickly. Normally I'm not a roll person and I know that but went with the flow of what is "recommended" in reviews. We grabbed one of the specialty rolls - the Voodoo (crawfish mix, avocado, topped w/habanero tuna mix & chili masago) which we got based on the crawfish.It was decent and I like that it's a bit spicy. We also got a crab crunch roll I believe since I happen to like crunchies on things and that was alright. It's good rolls if you like rolls but nothing outstanding about them. Calamari - this was pretty good. I liked the spicy creamy sauce to go with. I would have liked it a tad crispier, but it was not undercooked or anything. Avocado rolls - avocado anything I love but the creamy with the crispy egg roll wrapper works for me. This I did like. Service was decent considering the fact it was a busy and full bar area. I think it was good for happy hour and I would go again since were in Boca Park a lot. I did see flatbreads that looked great and immediately regret not getting one instead of sushi so next time.
4	This is my No. 1 Happy Hour go to spot.  The menu is extensive and varied.  I think I've tried everything on the menu including the various sushi rolls, the sliders, calamari, flat bread pizzas and the lettuce wraps.  My drink of choice is the strawberry blended margarita.  My only complaint is it does get busy and if you're not early it becomes sort of a stalk your table situation but with a little patience you're sure to get a seat.  And they are one of the only places I know that does an all day Happy Hour on a Sunday.
2	This was our third stop during our Sunday bar hopping schedule. Typically, I read up on the places near by as we munch an appetizer and savor a tasty beverage. On this occasion we skipped that formality as the previous bartender said that Kona had great food and cheap happy hour prices.When we arrived, we quickly found two seats at the outdoor bar. I will have to give them a nod for places to people watch. Across from us was a Wilem Dafoe look alike in a black wife beater. He kept muttering to himself (I secretly suspect that he was arguing with himself). A couple of seats down from him was a dude that was rockin the full beach dude hair...party on braOk back to Kona, happy hour drinks were ok, and they were cheap ($5), but the ultra lounge bartenders seemed busier than necessary. We finally settle on a sushi roll for our obligatory app.Now sushi is one of those dishes that takes a great deal of finesse and precision. You are basically buying about A cup of rice and some uncooked tasties for wrap and filling. Our roll was a happy hour special, so $5 for what would normally cost $10.What we got was a sad mangled roll. The pieces were so poorly cut, from the side it looked like a cell phone add showing how many bars you can get in this area. The taste was ok, if a bit bland, and the serving temp was decidedly too warm for sushi.Ok, bottom line here folks, stop buy Kona for happy hour drinks, watch the carnival of lost souls huddled around the bar, and skip the food.
3	Of the dozen or so times I've visited Kona, I can't recall any instance that was particularly memorable, aside from sitting next to a certain local celebrity who shares title with a vegetable.  And that was only mildly entertaining.Kona has a good quality standard, that rates with many other mid-range chains.  I do really appreciate the indoor/outdoor bar layout.  That's a good design and works well for quite a few places here in town.  Negative points for Boca Park's parking situation.  Sorry to pass those along to Kona, but I would do so for any of the establishments in that strip.  Nothing like parking at REI and walking across a blazing parking lot to have a beer and appetizers.Sufficed to say, I will likely return to Kona on occasion, as it's a good central meetup location for most people on the West side of town.  Maybe something will surprise me one day and I'll up the marks on my review.
4	Kona Kona Kona! A Summerlin hotspot located in Boca Park, but im not sure why im telling you this since everyone and their mom has been here! They have the best happy hour. I usually partake in the 4$ Margarita or 7$ sake bombs. Food wise its just as good! from sushi, avacado egg rolls, to flat breads they have something pretty much for anyone. Only one downfall.. their usually so busy its hard to get a table or spot at the bar so get there early!
5	Kona, why oh why, do you have to be so far away from me?  I crave your happy hour but the half hour drive there and back makes me very UNhappy.  You should open another spot closer to the southeast side.Their flat bread pizzas are some of the best the fiance says he has ever had and this is from a guy who hates anything approaching thin crust status on a pizza.  All their sushi rolls are definitely above the usual happy hour par and their sashimi style sushi is actually really good too.  The only thing I've ever had there and not cared for was the calamari.  If you want a fair priced happy hour drink they have some good options including their martinis and cosmos.  I personally love their selection of skinny drinks.  As others have mentioned the bar and patio can get very crowded and sometimes table service isn't the fastest however, people if you're their for happy hour, relax!!  It's about the experience or just order your drinks two at a time :)
4	I'm a big fan of Kona from wayyy back. The only time I come is during happy hour! The deals are decent and the drinks are worth the price. You can get a nice Margarita for $4. They changed a few of the recipes which turned out nice. The new pizzas are pretty decent and are more of a thin crust which I personally prefer. Its best to eat on the patio. Even on a hot day they have nice misters and fans that really keep you cool. The only problem is the outside of the patio has little bushes that attract bee's. So if you're sitting next to gates on the outside of the patio, beware. I'm not a huge sushi lover so if I do have a hankering for it, I personally prefer to go somewhere that is known for having really good sushi, this place isn't but the other stuff they do have is pretty legit. Their clam chowder is some of the best i've eaten and almost always partake.
4	I actually have no particular reason I like this place.  The hostess said if we wanted to sit outside we had to find our own seats.  The waitress assumed what we wanted.  Our food took incredibly long to come out given that it was not cooked. On the bright side, the sushi was better than expected; we even wanted a second round of sushi, but  our waitress assumed we were full and finished; feeling like "pigs" we asked for the menus back, luckily unbeknownst to us, it was a reverse happy hour starting at 9 pm. Finished off our second meal and left just before the "20-somethings meet-up club" event...just kidding but it did become a singles scene.
2	I'm not too fond of sushi so there is not enough variety for my taste, but what they have is goodevery drink you order is WAY strong so you keep buying more and get so liquored up you dont realize how much you're spendingonly been once, not in a rush to go back
3	Food was ok nothing specialService nice & SweetDrinks: Strong flavorless whats wrong with Vegas its Not so Hard to make Good Drinks. Crowded& busy
3	A generous 3 Stars...It's a Tale of Two Konas far too often for my liking.  There are some specialty rolls (Volcano, Bama, & Sunshine Rolls) and entrees (Macadamian Nut Chicken & Miso Sea Bass) that I have really enjoyed at Kona...But far too often the food is flat. The service is real nice and friendly, but often staffed for inefficiency rather than customer service.The thing that gets me the most is that everyone raves about their Happy Hour...but literally none of the food or drinks make me want to come back.  Not a fan of the tacos/HH sushi rolls/mini burgers...the funny thing is there are multiple places in Boca Park that doo all these items better!  The Happy Hour drinks are cheap...and taste like they are cheap!The restaurant is usually dead apart from the weekends because everyone is out on the patio trying up their pretentiousness status...I would rate Kona with 1 Star if I rating the crowd and atmosphere attracted to their patio.
4	Great pit stop for lunch. Good, light food and really good drinks.
1	This place has fallen off the path. I used to frequent this local spot often with friends for happy hour. I had recently returned and was very disappointed. The server has a trashy blonde chick with tattoos on her forearms that has no sense of proper table waiting. She needs to go and to be replaced with a more suitable employee. I understand that this is a crappy version of an LA style joint but it needs some attention. The food is crap.
4	This is THE SPOT for happy hour. Kids are welcome but ONLY in the patio. The potstickers and ahi wonton crisps are my fav's. Chase it down w/a glass of house chard and call it a day. Beware of the cougar's and the men dressed in Ed Hardy/Affliction gear. LOL
4	Kona grill never fails. Its definitely the hot spot for locals! I love this place It has been one of my long time favorites & everytime I go i am pleased. I usually make it for the reverse because I love the deals they have. Their food & sushi rolls always above expectation. Sometimes though the place gets extremely packed.. but I cant  blame them who wouldn't wanna be there
2	We were Kona Grill lovers in the past but after visiting recently we dont want to anymore.  Our server took a while to give us attention. Our food took forever.  My husband's second order of beer never came. I had to get up and get my own napkin from the bar cuz she never came with it.  A lady on a near by table ended up leaving cuz her server never came to take her order and kept saying I will be right with you. The selection wasnt the same anymore although it still a good deal. We ate our order got up and went to Osaka's late night happy hour still.
4	One of the best (and most popular) happy hours in Las Vegas. Great Summerlin location, good food and reasonable prices. There are great appetizer specials if you're looking to share plates with a couple of people.
2	i'm not a fan of chain restauanants but i had heard good things about kona so i decided to try it.  nothing is great and nothing is horrid.  the food is edible but overpriced.  the drinks are fine but they come with a little too much flair from the bartender for me.  i just find the place silly.  it's a chain restaurant in a strip mall and the servers act as if they are curing cancer.  it's good for a laugh but nothing more.
4	Delicious sushi and drinks.  Went off happy hour, kind of pricey.
4	I have a wonderful lunch there today with the hubby and may I say that the food is always good and we don't have to wait that long for the food to come out. Our server was wonderful made sure we have what we needed. Very thorough and quick, especially on a weekend they are always very busy.  No complain on our part. Always a pleasure to eat here. I hope it wont change.
5	Miso Sake Marinated Seabass?! Yes please! This fish is SO fantastically melt in your mouth GOODNESS!! Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon?! Yes please! This is available in an entree or on a salad. BOTH are FANTASTICAL! Happy Hour is one of the best in town. It is available TWICE a day EVERY DAY, except for Saturdays (late night only, 10pm-12am), and ALL DAY Sundays. They have a large outdoor patio for enjoying some awesome weather and in the cooler months they offer some heaters. You can get sushi rolls on the cheap, and lots of half priced appetizers. They offer a couple of house wines, beers, margarita's and cosmos for some draaaaaanks to whet your whistle.They also have specials, like Wine Down Wednesdays - HALF price on ALL bottles of Vino! Not bad for people watching but watch out for the douche bags - they frequent this spot! =)
3	Very good food, somewhat limited menu, service sometimes good sometimes slow, can be very noisy unless you sit in the back, somewhat pricey, parking can be difficult.
4	I had a fantastic experience here. This isn't a traditional sushi bar, more like a combination of sushi (which was great, by the way) and more typical American food.The atmosphere is upscale but very nice, not intimidating. The diningroom itself is quite large with plenty of tables.My meal started with a wonderful drink called a hibuscus margarita. I could see where these might be 'dangerous', as you do not taste the alcohol at all, tastes more like a fruit drink. It includes an edible hibiscus flower which I definitely recommend eating! The flower was infused with the same fruity flavor and tasted sort of like a spiced peach.One thing I adore is when a waiter gives honest opinions about different choices on the menu. Our waiter did this, recommending some things, steering us away from a couple of others.I ordered sashimi, and the fish was extremely fresh! The prices were alsy very reasonable. I would not hesitate at all coming back here.
4	I have really only come here for Happy Hour and it has always been a good time ~!!! HH is only offered at the bar area, patio or the sushi bar.. and it is one of the few places that offer HH on daily basis~ Some must haves for me are the chicken lettuce wraps, calamari & the pizza. We also like to get margaritas on the rocks.. I'm not a fan of the sushi but everything else is delish! If you are not going for happy hour then definitely try the macadamia nut chicken.. mmmmThe service is always friendly! Last time our server was Jenny and she was AMAZING~!!! HOT TIP: HH all day on Sunday~!!! what?!!??
2	This place is way overrated.  I've eaten here several times, wanting to enjoy the food, and the menu is just overpriced and tasteless.  This restaurant also has an identity crisis.  Is is a bar and grill?  Is it a sushi bar?  It doesn't really matter because it doesn't do either particularly well.  I'm not a great sushi chef, and I can make better sushi than this place.  Their happy hour is affordable and is the only reason this place doesn't get one star.
4	A warm spring evening on Kona's patio is always an enjoyable experience. The food and drinks are great. I'm known for being very picky about sushi, but I absolutely love their selection (they use a lot of great flavors and sauces, and it never tastes too fishy). The main menu has a lot of great options as well, and the happy hour specials are a really good deal. It's also worth nothing that I've never had a bad server here. They're always so friendly and attentive.
5	Great drinks with fresh ingredients. Wonderful happy hour. Get there early and sit on the porch. Great service and great for people watching.
5	Nothing beats hanging out on the beautiful patio with a few cold drinks & some great food! You wont regret checking this place out...they also have a great Happy Hour.
5	When the weather gets nice everybody always wants to go sit outside on a patio and have a couple of drinks.  There isn't a better place in town for good drinks and food at a good price!! Great Happy Hour Also!!!
5	This is a awesome place to hang out, happy hour is great with friendly friendly staff and management. Scott one of the managers there is always friendly and makes sure everything came out ok. I would recommend to all my friends
3	As many times as I've been to Kona over the years, I have never had a bad meal or service...but to think of it I've never had a great meal, although the service really has been good every time.  I continue to return either due to a friend's choice, convenience or simply because I remember it being better food that it really was.  My daughter loves the place and I will say her leftovers do make the fridge smell amazing, so maybe the food improves with age.  So I'm sure I will revisit again and make a more recent and updated opinion on an ongoing basis.
4	Yes, the 'in crowd' is definitely at Kona Grill, after all they do it so well with the flashy cars parked up front and the clientele is a mix, with lots of singles who are ready to mingle.  I recently took some friends from San Francisco there and they loved it. You can always count on Kona to be a hot spot, with something for everyone and who can resist the people watching. When the weather is good, make sure to get there for happy hour, dig into a little sushi and their flatbread pizza is great. However, once you claim that outdoor seat, think carefully before you leave since the seating becomes rare as the evening approaches.
4	One of my favorite Happy Hour spots. And a lot of others' favorite too, as seating can be hard to come by! Kona Grill is one thing I really miss after I moved from the Summerlin area.If you're lucky enough to secure a seat, you can feast on cheap sushi and drinks daily! That's right, Happy Hour is 7 days a week! Check on-line for up-to-date times. Half-price sushi includes a mix of different kinds for around $3.50 each as well as other appetizer items such as flatbread pizza. There are a variety of happy hour drinks such as margaritas, wine, martinis and beer. Something for everyone! I have dined in the large dining room a few times also, and have found the entrees to be hit or miss. The macadamia chicken was very good, as is their creme brulee. When will they open a Henderson location??? Please, please!
3	Cool environment and the patio is a great spot to hang out with friends as the weather warms up. Service is slow slow slow as they get busy but it's expected but I've seen some restaurants handle the rush well so in my eyes extremely slow service is hard to overlook. Happy hour is from 3 to 7 and on Sunday it's all day so if you're looking to save some bucks, the food and drink choices are a great bang for your buck during these times. The food is nothing special but the environment is more of the stand out star. Next time I'll just be going for drinks
5	LOVE this place.Been here a couple dozen times over the last few years and am never disappointed.  The food and service are always great.  The bar is also a nice place to socialize.
2	This place is a hit and miss sometimes The service is not that good But the food is Went there last night ordered hamburgers well-done they came out medium rare So we had to wait for For them redo Another 30 minutes No apologize no free drink here your  ticket bye-bye
2	The food was pretty good but the service was another story. I'll start by saying that the soft shell crab po boy and sweet potato fries earned a thumbs up from my Dad. I would also give a thumbs up to the Philadelphia sushi roll. A bit expensive though but it is Boca Park so it's to be expected. The outdoor seating was also wonderful.Now here is where the 2 stars come from. In all reality I wanted to do 1.5 but it is not an option. The waiter was very disengaged and unhelpful. The girl at the entrance had more personality and made us feel more welcome than the waiter did. The sense I got from him was that he had something better to do or his mind was off somewhere else. We asked about the pork sliders pictured on the menu and his only response was "they weren't on happy hour." Ok, that's nice, but are they available now? When he came back with change for the meal he actually leaned over me to put it on the table. Rude. Plenty of room to just walk up to the table and put it down and say "thank you" like any other person would do. I also had to ask him to repeat himself as he was quiet and was leaning on the metal fence near our table which put him a few feet away from our table. Not much tact in my opinion.I might try eating here again but Vegas has many other options for great food and much better service.
4	Went in to Kona this past Saturday night April 27  8:00ish it was unbelievably empty in there (very unusual). We wondered if we missed a memo sent out about Kona. However it was very good as usual
1	I use to love Kona Grill!  We decided to go today for Mother's Day and I thought it would be hit, but boy was I wrong!!  The place was not busy. The bar - YES, but the restaurant..not so much.  We ordered the calamari and it was horrible!!! The calamari had no meat! It seemed like they scraped off the bottom of the fryer and served it.  I thought it had to get better, but then we ordered our entree.  We ordered the Hawaiian Ribeye and I don't even think it was ribeye! I think a porterhouse or something, but definitely not a ribeye.  We also ordered a couple rolls of sushi which weren't bad, but my whole dining experience was already ruined.  My mom ordered their asian salad and she said it was too sweet.  The whole experience was horrible.  Our server forgot to give us soy sauce for our sushit and we waited quite a bit to get it. Towards the end of the meal I'm thinking I just wasted $100 on garbage!I'm going to take the survey tomorrow and hopefully it will change something. I really liked Kona Grill and I would like to return, but based on my last visit - I doubt it.It may just be a hit or miss kind of thing and I hope that others don't have the same dining experience so don't go to this place expecting the worst.  I still have some hope for this establishment.
5	Since the new GM Michael took over, I can tell the difference in service and quality. The tuna tower is incredibly tasty with just the perfect layers of crab,avocado,tuna and rice topped with an amazing sauce.  I also loved the drink selection and the great price point on my favorite wine, Kim Crawford. Finally, be sure to try the grilled chicken tacos and the asian chicken salad. Happy HOur is a steal if you can make it there on time. Nice job, KONA! We love what you do!!!
1	Didn't get my business last night. Bar was completely packed for happy hour. The one waitress who talked to me (reluctantly) told me to order at the bar since I didn't have a table. I was out.  Gotta get there early to "enjoy" Kona's happy hour.
2	We went for a friend's birthday party, with a large group of 9 people.  Of course, this makes service difficult, so I'm willing to cut the server some slack.  He didn't do a bad job..He gets 1 star for that.Another 2 stars for the amazing appetizer! I would return just to have that sweet and spicy shrimp again.  3 starts in total so far...I wouldn't get another entree there, though.  It's overpriced.      While the steak was cooked perfectly medium and juicy, there were no seasonings on it.  That was in direct contrast with the "seasonal veggies" which was just broccoli with 2 tiny pieces of what I think was eggplant...it didn't matter, because all I could taste was sesame seed.  I actually spit it back out. I've never done that before. I've also never left a large amount of food on my plate without requesting a to go box.  Waiter asked if I wanted one...I said no, told him I didn't like it because it was a bland steak and just not good.  He took the plate...no apology and no offer to make it right.  3/4 of that meal was thrown out and I still had to pay full price...$31! Plus the appetizer..my bill for just me...over $50.  1 star lost for the bad food and another lost for the lack of attention to my feedback about the quality of my meal.  Down to 1 star again.The manager was rude. We called her over to discuss issues we had with our food...I wasn't the only one with substandard food at our table.  They served one party member old french fries and another item clearly sat under the heat lamps while the rest of our meals were finished. None of us felt she handled herself well under the circumstances.  That's 1 star lost...but that's 0 stars...and we can't give 0 starts on Yelp.So I'll give another 1 star for the ambiance and another for the location...but take away another because the ladies room was gross.  That's 1 star.I really want to give them more than 1 star, so let's give that amazing shrimp a 3rd star...it really was THAT good.All in all, I may go back for happy hour sometime and have the shrimp and give this place another chance, but I'm not in a hurry.  I really wanted to like this place, but it was disappointing.
4	I love going to Kona Grill, especially on Sundays. They have great food and awesome drinks. Sunday all day is happy hour at the bar and patio area, and it's definitely worth it!!!  Must try.
4	Eight of us went for a birthday happy hour get together. We snagged two tables in the bar area to put together. Great happy hour prices and we had such an awesome server! She was on point for sure. Happy hour selection is decent. The only problem is due to the patio seating (there are misters outside on the patio), the bar area tends to get super muggy and hot. We were all sweaty (gross!) Summer time patios in LV, fail...? Regardless, great place to go with a group for happy hour!
4	I have always had good to great service here and the happy prices and rolls are right on time.  My favorite is the Bama roll-- add crunch and it has all the good stuff I crave.
5	This place is awesome. Great atmosphere, good service, and amazing food. I had the linguine and it was delicious.
2	My husband and I went here when the weather was nice out. They have outdoor dining and thought it would be a nice date. We stood around for about 8 minutes before anyone helped us , they sat us at a dirty table and had to wait even longer for menus. I ordered sushi, and my husband got a meat dish. We were both disappointed with our meal. Not to mention I had to get up and get my own utensils. It looked a lot better than it tasted. Not impressed and would not recommend this to anyone.
3	Sunday all day Happy Hour!Service was good, Food came out pretty quick, however I waited a while for drinks and afterwards once we asked for our check, bill didnt come out for another 20 minutes, we would have ordered a few more cocktails if we knew we would have been waiting that long to check out... otherwise, pretty pleasant experience, Drinks, Calimari, Flatbread, and Shrimp Lettuce wraps for under $30 bucks!!!!
2	Great happy hour! But very slow and mediocre service! Food was good and comes out pretty fast. Our server took over 15 minutes to drop off the check, and she passed by our table several times before dropping it off. I also waiting 20 minutes to get a drink. Ordered a drink shortly after sitting down (summer ale) about 10 minutes go by when she comes back to say they were changing the cag, okay no problem. Our food came out and I still didn't have a drink, she later came back and said the summer ale was out??? What....I ended up ordering a blue moon which did come out, however we were close to finishing our meals. We asked for our check which also took long. No discount, no apology! The no discount I could careless about ( But it would have been the right thing to do, seeing that I was drink less for 20 minutes).
3	Ate here for the first time last night and was impressed with the food. Although rather pricey, everything I tasted had great flavor and was a decent portion of food. I could not come up with a complaint about any of the menu items I tried, which is about as nice of a compliment as I can give a restaurant. While everything passed the taste test, nothing I ate knocked my socks off and made me want to come back ASAP.Aside from the food, the staff were friendly, the restaurant looked beautiful and our wine was half off due to happy hour. I was impressed with nearly everything about this restaurant and had a nice time dining here.So why the 3 star review? Everything seemed to cost $5 more than I would have liked to pay. Yes the food is good, but not THAT good. $10 for 5 above average pot stickers is not something I can see myself paying on a regular basis.All in all, this restaurant has pretty tasty food and provides a nice environment for a fun night out. If you are dining on a budget, you should probably seek another establishment.
1	I am amazed that this place is still open! This restaurant is absolutely FILTHY. I've eaten here on multiple occasions,  and each time, the food, service, and cleanliness is worse than the previous. Because of the nice ambiance and reasonably priced happy hour, I attempt to justify returning again, but without fail, this restaurant continues to disappoint. Not only is the floor covered in food and trash, the placemats are LITERALLY STUCK to the tables. I only noticed this after the table was haphazardly wiped down by one of their disgruntled employees, and I went to flip my placemat that was crusted with food debris. Big mistake. After prying it loose from the table, I find that I was apparently looking at the "clean" side. This has occurred not only once, but three times total. Needless to say that at this point, I will no longer return. If this is the way the front of the house is maintained, I can only imagine the numerous health code violations in the back of the house. Extremely disappointing for a venue with ample potential. Oh, and the service- horrific.
4	Me and my boyfriend go here at least once a week, if not more! We love their happy hour, not only are their prices great but their food is fantastic. I always get the chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps and he always gets the chicken skewers, along with some of their sushi rolls. We drive all the way from Henderson because its so good!Can you please open one up in the Green Valley area please?! Wait... that could be bad lol
3	About a 3 1/2 stars.Honestly, I've only been to Kona Grill for their Happy Hour.  Yes.  I'm such a cheapie!  I've not been overly interested in their regular menu because I dunno, for ok looking Pacific Rim cuisine it just looks OK to me.  Just seems a tad overpriced.  But I do understand it's Summerlin so the markup needs to be present!Seems lots of folks like Kona Grill for Happy Hour!  I think it runs M-F from 3 PM to 7 PM, and also most nights from 10 PM to close.  Keep in mind though the weather, Happy Hour is only available at the bar or the outside patio!  If it's too hot or too cold you're in for a not so happy hour.  Also, bar and outside patio seating is on a first come, first serve basis...don't expect a host or hostess to seat you!  Don't wait, find an open table and sit your fat @$$ down!  It can get super busy.Happy Hour at Kona Grill has a nice menu selection of food and drinks.  It will definitely keep you snackin' and and conversatin'!  Just go with a few friends and you will be kept occupied for a few hours.  Eat and be merry!  Work on your game!  Trust me...some of you 'mackers' need some practice on your form.  Really, "Come here often?" is a pickup line?  Oi.  I may not be the best lookin' guy out there but dammit if I'm anything, I'm overconfident (thanks wifey for putting up with me).  Go out there and project you deserve a hot gal on your arm!  Girl with fake boobs and botox lips says "NO", just move on!  There's like a dozen of em' at the bar.  Can't score if you don't play the game!  Start shootin'!Anyway, back to Happy Hour.  There's a lot to try from their menu.  Some of our faves are:-Sweet & Spicy Shrimp-Chicken Satay-Kona Calamari-Chicken & Shrimp Lettuce Wraps-Cheeseburger Sliders-BBQ Chicken Flatbread (kinda like a pizza)-Crab Crunch Roll-Atlantic RollOf course on Happy Hour, all this food is 1/2 price!  Stock up and feed your friends!  Most things will average to between $4-$6 each item.  Save some money!The drinks are decent prices during Kona Grill's Happy Hour too.  You can get a Sam Adams for $4, margaritas and cosmos for $5 each, wine selection of the day for $5, or a Bud Light draft for $3.50.  There's a few other specials as well.  Not only can you get fed, but get drunk on the cheap as well!Reason why my rating might seem a bit low?  Damn, sometimes the quality of the food at Happy Hour isn't the greatest.  It just ends up tasting OK.  Of course for the price you pay you won't get your taste buds knocked off, but I've been to better Happy Hour shindigs.  Hello...Yard House, anyone??  Sometimes the food at Kona Grill can be hit or miss.  Plus, I knocked off a 1/2 star because who the HELL wants to sit out in the patio area when it's like 105 degrees and you're sweating like a baboon?  The fact that the water misters weren't working properly that day ticked me off as well.  Kinda ruins the experience just a little bit.Service was OK, slow but I can understand somewhat because just about every table in the patio area was full.  And orders were steadily going into the kitchen at a nice rate.  At least our server was nice, and tried their best to keep our water filled since it really was hot outside.  Will I be back?  Sure, but there are so many other places to get your Happy Hour on at!  Kona Grill won't be the top of my list every time but it is a contender.  I hear right down the way at The Cheesecake Factory they have a Happy Hour of their own as well.  I'm pretty sure so does the Gordon Biersch right next door!  So choices, they are a plenty.
2	I visited here for sunday happy hour with my husband. we sat at a table at the bar and a table was sticky. I wasn't sure it is because of weather but menus or anything I touch felt sticky. We ordered two happy hour rolls,sea bass entree and sake sangria and margarita. all the food came out pretty quick. The rice of rolls were too packed when they roll, and it was so much rice. No taste but just pack of rice. sea bass was okay but sides were really oily. Sake sangria and margarita were too sweet as well.
3	Happy hour is great but the food could be a little bit better.
4	Kona Grill now offers Happy Hour on Saturday afternoon and all day Sunday. The menu has a variety of food and drink options. Our server was friendly and the service was prompt. Comfortable outdoor patio with fans and mistersThe cheeseburger slider 2 per order comes with lettuce, tomato, pickles and fries. The burger was cooked as ordered and very tasty. This is la large portion by Happy Hour standards and 1 sandwich was packed to go.The chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps comes with 5 large pieces of Bibb lettuce, cucumber salad, spicy vinaigrette and a large bowl of the chicken and shrimp mixture.  This also was a great meal. With a large number of menu choices we will enjoy coming back many times. Parking close to Kona Grill in Boca Park can be a challenge. Even if you valet, some walking will be required. However the walk is still shorter than going to most hotel restaurants. Pay attention to the customer only parking signs for the neighboring stores.
5	Love this place. I honestly can't think of a bad thing to say about them, except that their patio needs to be bigger!!!
3	Been here more times than I can count! Service really is not good but their happy hour prices and offerings make up for it. On sundays they have happy hour all day long in the bar area!
1	Terrible restaurant - my friend got very sick twice on the sushi and their frozen drinks taste  toxic.  Servers and bartenders rude and arrogant.  Glasses dirty and crowd sleazy.  Board of health should be checking out this place!
4	Happy hour rocks!! Kaitlyn was a very attentive server and a tons of fun. Great suggestions!! It was half off bottles of wine which made my night twice as fun.
5	So ... Not only do we have the greatest food and service last night at the best happy hour in town! ... I dropped my wallet on the floor and I get a call from Michael! The manager today and last night and... Drum roll please !!! I have my wallet and all monies in it intact! YEAH !!!!! There's hope for humanity!!! Have a great weekend !
1	Great food! but sadly not great service.Me and my co-workers go here at least twice a week, typically their wait staff is phenomenal. This particular night we had the worst server "some girl with glasses"....... We were waiting over an hour for her to come back after we got our food and see how we were doing, mostly because she was bent over the table across from us flirting with some other customers.... She finally gave us the check and then had the nerve to keep the change.... I'm assuming she thought it was a tip for her "no-service" I had to get the GM to talk to her get and get us our change.... Sad to say this restaurant loses our business for awhile... Or at least until that particular server is no longer employed there.
4	There is something about sitting outside, sometimes under the misters, drinking a 1/2 off drink special, scarfing down appetizers with a table-full of friends and/or family, that makes my heart happy.  Kona, I'm not a big fan of lunch or dinner, but you've got me for an occasional happy hour!
5	The staff here is nice and so is the food :-) happy hour on the balcony is tips and a decent price. If your looking to rub elbows with some interesting people while enjoying great cuisine give it a go!
5	Great atmosphere. Right in the middle of the happenin' part of Boca Park. I ordered the Basil Penne w/Chicken and Sausage. It was delicious! It was also a perfect portion - not too small, not too big. My stomach was not wanting more nor was it going to explode.The server was polite and readily available. The managers also came around and asked how everything was.The prices were appropriate for the type of restaurant and quality of food. Excellent dining experience!
4	Great service! Our server was super nice and helped us first timers with the best selections from the menu. Most definately try the Wave Roll.. Yum! Honestly wasn't super excited about the other 2 rolls we ordered, but Bethany our server was awesome!
4	Great atmosphere. Bar staff was incredible. Food was amazing. Highly recommend this sushi spot. They have a little bit of everything on the menu as well. And the surrounding area was incredible. Food was affordable for sure and tasted great.
5	Great food, Awesome service and very cool environment... Loved it...
4	Boca park munching on their 3pm-7pm happy hour drinks, calamari, sushi rolls, chicken satay, and Saki bombs!!
4	happy hour is the best. 2 mix drinks an 2 dishes during happy hour will run you only 20 dollars. I think it's a bargain!
5	We decided to stop and luckily it was happy hour. The menu for this time was short, and our meals were great. Portions were just right. We sat on the patio and our server was very tentative.
5	I was more than a little concerned when we were seated and I overheard a neighboring table complain about how they had been here for 45 minutes and had yet to get their food, but I was pleasantly surprised when our server, food, and drinks all arrived without delay as we were on our lunch hour. I ordered the Oriental Salad with Macadamia Crusted Chicken. It was delightful! The portion size was more than ample and each bite was an explosion of flavor. Nothing short of heaven! I highly recommend it.
5	My favorite Happy Hour place in Summerlin. A Sunday must go-to! Their sushi is so tasty and so are their flatbread pizzas and sliders. I have had most everything on their happy hour menu and it is all delicious. During the summer it is nice to sit on the patio as they have the misters on and have a nice glass of chardonay! I love going here!
4	For National Boss day, or whatever the official name is, my co-workers and I decided we were going to suck up a little bit and take the one in charge to lunch. One of them suggested Kona Grill and what a suggestion it was. Although I did get a thorough look through the menu, I didn't have much choice as to what I was going to order as my co-worker kept raving about the Macadamia Crusted Chicken Breast. It was a flavorful delight and so moist and tender no knife was necessary. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were just as good and bursting with flavor. I added a house salad to my meal which was served with an outstanding vinegrette dressing and crumbled bleu cheese. The server was very friendly and attentive. Our drinks were never empty and she kept pretty good tabs on us, making sure that everything was satisfactory. I am definitely going to have to make a return trip to try the sushi. Three of us added salads to our meal which brought the total to just under ninety bucks. That may be a little on the high side for a non-alcoholic lunch, but it was a high class lunch in an elegant setting and worth every penny. It didn't put off a great "family" vibe and would not be some place I would expect a family to dine, especially if the kids are younger. Save the money and get the kids a happy meal. This is, however, a perfect place for date night and is located just steps away from Total Wine and More. Bonus! I can see many happy return trips in my future.
3	Sushi and happy hour is really good. Don't bother eating there. Food is about 1.5 star.
4	I come here quite often and the quality of the food has always been consistently awesome. Some of my favorites are the avocado egg rolls, Kona chopped salad, asparagus salad, and the chicken caprese sandwich. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is the sushi, as it just doesn't taste as fresh as a lot of the other sushi joints in vegas.The portions on the salad are pretty huge so I always take the rest home, as they don't drench their salads in too much dressing so they're still good the next day. The quality of service seems to vary, though. Sometimes servers were awesome but other times, although it wasn't horrible, it could have been better. I work in the industry so I understand being busy, but there's been a couple times when I was alone waiting for the other half of my party to arrive and I wasn't greeted for 10 min until the second person arrived.Overall, I would recommend Kona and I intend to continue to go back because the food makes it worth it.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because of the food (which was pretty good) and the friendly sushi chef. When my boyfriend and I arrived, we were ignored by the hostesses, who asked us if we were there for happy hour& then instructed us to sit at the bar. They didn't point us in the right direction or (god forbid) show us where it was in the oddly situated restaurant, so we wandered past the host stand and sat at the sushi bar. After we sat down we asked the sushi chef if happy hour was only at the sushi bar, and he said no, that it was also at the main bar and on the patio. The hostess could have told us this, or at least given us menus. We ended up ordering off the tiny happy hour menu that was already on the bar.Our server took FOREVER to take our order, and even longer to bring our drinks. They looked semi-busy so I can overlook this, but I was missing a share plate and chopsticks for half the meal, which I had to ask for twice. Apparently a lot of people ordered sushi, but there was no food runner, so at one point there were TWELVE plates of sushi up in the window and no one to take them to the tables. During this time at least seven people walked by and did nothing about it. At least the food was ok (we ordered the ahi tuna crisps, the spicy tuna roll, the wave roll and the apple Brie flatbread) and the sushi chef kept checking on us.
3	Ate here for an Aunt's birthday and wasn't too happy that happy hour is only outside in the patio which was really packed but that's our fault, we should have made a reservation. We ordered a pitcher of Chardonnay sangria & that was delicious. As appetizers we had the chicken flatbread which I highly recommend, the calamari, which was alright & the spicy edamame. As for sushi, I was not really impressed. We ordered the Las Vegas roll which was just OK; the spicy tuna, which was NOT even spicy & the tuna was a weird light pink color closer to salmon rather than the dark pink that I'm used to; the wave roll, which was pretty tasty; and the spider roll which was also just OK. I wish I had ordered a burger or something cuz I didn't really see what was so special about this place. I guess the sushi didn't cut it for me but then again what could you expect from a fusion reastaurant? I'll only come back for the sangria.
2	Food was decent, service was lacking...entirely.Went in on a Sunday night with my family, there was already a couple groups waiting, but nobody seemed to know where the hostess was. Ten minutes later a girl comes out and seats in a not very crowded restaurant at all. With about maybe 15 empty tables. We only ordered only three things off the menu. 35 minutes later and there is still no food. I go back up to the front of the restaurant looking for the manager, still no hostess at the front. I wait about maybe 10 more minutes until this lady comes out, I didn't even know she worked there because she was wearing regular clothes. I told her my concern and she gave me an attitude about how she just dropped off the food a second ago. That's still about 40 min for three plates. She doesn't even apologize for the wait and gives me look as I walk away. Only thing that saved this dinner was the miso sea bass. Not worth it though. Will not be coming back.
4	Was there Friday 11-22-13 and it was a pleasant experience.  Was freezing & raining.   Bill was $ 58 for 2 swiss kiss cocktails, 2 rolls, 2 beers, & butter cake.  Four areas:  Dinner area, bar area, sushi bar area, and patio area.  Dinner area was nice & quiet.
5	Trying Kona Grill for the first time. I'm shocked I've never been here before since it's right down the street from my house. Now that I'm here I'm upset I've never been here but glad that I am here trying it out. Also it happened to be the late night happy hour that starts at 9pm so that makes things more interesting. The service was great and very helpful when it can to suggestions on the menu. They have two Happy hours which is great! The food was exceptional and I can not wait to come back.
4	Best place got happy hour for sure in Summerlin! Bomb avocado rolls, killer sliders, satay chicken, flatbreads! I have been to the restaurant too, it's awesome. The managers are very helpful especially Ron! Nothing bad to say...
4	Tuna tower, pork tenderloin, cucumber ahi salad, macadamia shrimp roll and yamada roll = $72.00The place is clean dining area to kitchen and bathroom. Service is very fast and friendly.Food is spectacular! I really enjoyed the macadamia shrimp roll the most. The Tuna tower is quite filling as small as it looks. I didn't give them 5 stars because I think the food was overpriced by $5.00. The rolls had about 5 to 6 slices which to me by most other sushi spots would be considered a half roll. The pork tenderloin dish had about 6 or 7 slices of  pork tenderloin . A huge helping of mashed potatoes and sprinkle of bak Choy and shoe string potatoes. It was more potatoes than meat still everything on the plate was yummy! I didn't care too much for the sweet and spicy sauce on the yamada roll it overpowered everything else in the roll and it tasted like I was eating a lumpia. Overall the food, service and establishment is awesome. I don't think I'll be back though as the pricing isn't right enough to frequent.
2	The quality of the food on the happy hour menu has gone down. Ordered the calamari and it came out stale and mostly all batter.
5	Love the happy hour here!
3	Normally love this place.  Happy Hour is awesome and food always taste fresh but service is mediocre. Don't sit at the hightop tables.  They are slow and they don't know what you ordered.  Server checked on us about 3 times in a span of 1.5 hours.. my friend ask for water at the beginning of our meal, never got it, 45 minutes later she she finally went to the bar and got a water. Another one of my friends was holding the bill out for the server to grab and the server just walked by. If you're looking for somewhere to stop by for quick food this is not the spot.
4	Restaurants with a respectable happy hour usually get a 1-star bump and the HH at Kona Grill is one of the best in town. The menu here features dishes with pacific rim influences and an excellent sushi bar. The food is above average for a chain restaurant and service has always been on point. What brings me in to Kona is their happy hour. Every night til closing, KF offers a wide array of sushi rolls, appetizers, flatbreads pizzas, and of course drinks and great prices. The sliders, and BBQ chicken flatbread are my personal favorites.  The sake bombs come with a large bottle of Kirin beer and a bottle of warm sake. Easily 3-4 drinks and a steal at $8. Happy Hour is only available on the massive patio and a few select tables inside by the bar. Though there are heaters, make sure you dress appropriately if you plan on dining on the patio. As one the best late night spots in Summerlin, Kona is definitely worth checking out.
4	Great Saturday afternoon lunch. Their Happy hour runs on Sat afternoon on the patio with a great selection of food and drinks! We had the apple and Brie pizza, which was plenty for two people to share...my husband had sushi and really enjoyed the "Wave Roll"...I had the Oriental Chicken salad which was light and refreshing. Great place to sit in the sun and watch the world go by...we will be back!
4	The chili lime shrimp salad was awesome!Lots of veggies including mushrooms, tomatoes, corn and even avocado. Gourmet lettuce (no cheap iceberg!) Tons of shrimp too, and most places are pretty skimpy on the protein in salads. I went for my birthday meal, and even got a free velvet cake cupcake! It had cream cheese frosting and was yummy. I will be back to try more salads.It's too dark in the dining room, although the atmosphere is nice, I'd prefer a little more lighting. It is less crazy in the dining room than in the usually packed bar area.
4	Location is very nice & cozy. The food is quite to my standard; menu is impressive. decent size servings. Great drink selection. Friendly staff... A great place for happy hour.
5	Great happy hour !!
4	Kona Grill is our favorite place to relax and hang out with friends. The atmosphere is very comfortable and the food is delicious. Their outdoor seating area is pretty large with an indoor/outdoor bar. You can tell it's a local favorite as it's always packed and the servers know the regulars.On our last visit we were a large group with kids after a movie at Red Rock. The servers helped us gets seats together and took our orders promptly. Sat-Sun is happy hour all day long and they never rush you. We were visited a few times by the Manager Troy, he was so nice & attentive! We had to have a piece of their carrot cake! It's seasonal so if they have it, get it!
4	We had a great experience at Kona Grill on Sunday! First of all, I had no idea that their Happy Hour lasts ALL DAY on Sunday! What a great idea! Of course, it is super crowded at the patio/bar area (the only places where HH is offered), so be prepared to stake out a table for a little while. Once we were seated, our server, Hunter, was awesome! We had a pretty big group, including a few kids, and he was so patient and friendly with us. The food, although a few items took awhile, was really good. The best thing, however, is that the manager continually came to check on us. He said that he'd never seen us before and wanted to make sure we had a great experience- and we did! He so sweetly comped us an extra pepperoni pizza for the kids as well. Wow!  That was really fantastic, and so appreciated. On a beautiful day, Kona Grill is an ideal place to visit!
4	Ratings:Food (4): Order the sea bass, wow! It is so sumptuous and every bite the fish practically like melts in your mouth. Highly recommended.  Their desserts are pretty big, I was surprised that their portions were as big as they were.  We ordered the butter cake and the ultimate fudge brownie. I am a huge chocolate lover and I actually enjoyed the butter cake more.  I felt that the brownie wasn't moist enough and kind of dry.  Service (4):  Great hostess and waitress.  Atmosphere (3.5): I feel like I am blind in there sometimes because I have a hard time reading the menu. However, the place is very simple and neat. They do have a bar and an outdoor seating area
4	#500 (At last!)It had been over a year since I was last here, but I was pleased to see that not much had changed since my last visit.  A cup of Miso Soup with tofu and Green Onions was hot and flavorful.  I only wish it had been a bowl.  A Rainbow Roll sported small but fresh slices of tuna and salmon, and 8 pieces were derived from this cut roll.  I washed the sushi down with very tasty Organic Sweet Chamomile Citrus Tea that came in a distinctly Asian themed cast iron teapot.  For my entree I selected Miso-Sake Marinated Baked Seabass, which came with Shrimp & Pork Fried Rice and a medley of Pan Asian Ratatouille vegetables.  While the generously portioned seabass was smooth and sweet, the rice was okay but not very memorable.My party of four sat in a comfortable booth inside the packed restaurant on a Wednesday night, and our friendly server Alisha provided truly outstanding service, along with the rest of the restaurant staff.  Water glasses were regularly refilled without having to ask; dirty plates were quickly removed; courses were nicely staggered; orders were correct; and we were not rushed to eat quickly or leave afterward while still basking in the afterglow of our delicious meals.  The menu here is even more diverse and extensive than before.  Besides featured Asian fare, one can enjoy grilled salmon, a succulent Hawaiian Ribeye, Jambalaya, Lemon-Garlic Shrimp Penne, meatloaf, a Margherita Pizza, a cheeseburger, or even Red Velvet Cake.  Next time I will not wait so long to return.4-1/2 stars overall on this enjoyable outing!
5	The happy hour is always amazing as well as the service    can never complain about anything here    have save room for dessert if you can cause it's just as good as the happy hour.    keep up the great job guys.
4	Very good happy hour!
4	Been here twice and both times were great. Excellent service and the good is great. I recommend the macadamia nut tacos. So good!!!! Also, the raspberry Mojito! Best pork fried rice... Ever.
2	Great place if you're single and want to meet an unhappy housewife, or Kim Kardashian wantabee, in the bar. But, pick a different place for dinner.I've actually been going there 10 years, and seen the place steadily decline. It's become a lot more of a corporate run, and the quality of the food reflects it. Skip the Sushi Bar, there are so many other better places in town for Sushi.Their lunch menu for Hamburgers and Sandwiches are good. Salads are okay, if you don't mind bagged lettuce. Don't ask them to make anything special or different. Corporate doesn't allow that. Also, they do serve bread, only upon request, but the quality of the bread is such that you will want to take the loaf home, and use it for football practice.If you have a favorite server here, don't get too attached. They have a very high turnover. Hostesses are snotty, because all the middle aged married men and all the single guys, who are desparate, hit on them, and give them "swollen egos".Also, you will get exercise going there. Parking is always tough, and the front is reserved for "leased" exotic cars that belong to guys that are one paycheck away from bankrupcy, and need the cars to impress the Kardashian wantabees.
3	I have been here nearly 50 times so why do I only give "Kona," as we call it,  three stars?  The food is ok, their drinks are typical and the service is either fantastic or terrible.  What keeps me coming back is the patio and the friends I share it with.  The outdoor seating is wonderful.  You get to enjoy fresh air while you sit and chat with your friends; this is a rarity in Vegas.  Due to the hot temperatures, you can be hard pressed to find a place with outdoor setting.  Kona Grill has their patio open year round so you can enjoy something other than a stale indoor environment with recycled air.  I have NEVER eaten inside, it's not what you go to Kona for.The food can be hit or miss here.  I have found their appetizers to be more consistent than their dinners.  Servers come and go relatively quickly.  This could be because of the amazing deals they have on food/drinks; the low prices create low tips and people sit and campout at tables for hours.  Servers aren't getting tipped on full price items.  If you have ever worked industry you know this is great for your guests but sucks for your bankroll.   Kona Grill is a place you go to happy hour with your girlfriends, hit up for a mid-afternoon snack and cocktail on the weekend, or take a date you're not too sure about yet.  It's relaxed, well priced and there are plenty people to gawk at.  In Summerlin you have a lot of big players and big tits running around acting like they're still in their 20's.  Fun to watch if sports isn't your thing or your date is boring you.  As for the menu... pick something, it will be mediocre like most everything else is on the menu.  The food won't make you sick but it won't knock your socks off either!  If you're into an outside atmosphere more than memorable food and drinks than Kona is for you.  Bring a friend, grab a drink, enjoy their company and the show.
4	Bartender had a bit of a tude, but when he overheard us mention NO TIP he did 180 lol Service improved and the food/drinks for happy hour were GREAT! Would definitely return, it was packed!
3	The food was good and the prices are reasonable. We got 6 rolls, edemame, a large draft beer and 2 deserts for less than $70. The deserts were huge! I ordered the key lime pie and my husband ordered a brownie. I could only eat about a third of my pie. The dining room was pretty empty for 5:00 on a Saturday. It was happy hour, but only in the bar and outdoor area. That was packed. I guess having a super crowed bar is more important to them than a full restaurant.
4	I love taking people here for a quick happy hour lunch. We get 3 items and end up taking most of it home. 2-3 people we end up paying $20. Wait service kind of ify but it depends who you get
3	I rated this as "spendy" because the things I like tend to be a little pricier but there are plenty of more affordable option.One of my favorite things is the sashimi combo.  It's about $30.The best thing on the menu for meat-eaters is the pork chop... not something I would usually order in a restaurant but here... it's a yes.I love onion rings but they don't love me but if you eat at Kona Grill you are likely to see a large stack of onion rings go by.  I've tasted one and it was yummy.   On the appetizer menu of things I can eat I particularly like the avocado egg rolls.The bar seems kind of like a pick-up joint but I enjoy the restaurant quite a bit and service is always good and a booth is almost always available.
2	To start we had the fried calamari. Not too impressed with that. I had the BBQ chicken flat bread it was a little dry. Overall the food wasn't too bad for a grill but for the price of the food I was definitely not impressed what so ever. Most likely not coming back
1	Used to be one of my favorite places until they took the sweet and spicy shrimp off the happy hour menu. Off to bonefish I go for Bang Bang Shrimp!
4	Happy hour is awesome!! Seems like the sushie isn't the best quality. Of they fix that I'll give them a 5! Rest of happy hour is pretty good
2	Only good for happy hour. Eight dollars a glass of cheap wine is over priced.
4	I went for the happy hour with my wife hand the sangria sake white and the pomegranate cosmo both were very good.  For our meals we had the sliders which came with two and they were cooked med well the avocado egg rolls were great had the had three different rolls and for the last item chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps which were ok.  Overall it had a good atmosphere and our waitress was awesome.   Definitely going back
5	Just had to share our great experience with Maxwell tonight. He is a GREAT server. We sat just minutes before happy hour was over and he made sure we were able to order a round and some apps. That was very considerate. He was attentive and friendly and prompt.
4	Kona grill is a solid place to hang out and munch on decent japanese/hawaiian/mexican food, especially during Happy Hour!  The one thing you will always notice is that the outdoor patio is perpetually busy and crowded.  We've dined inside and outside and you definitely want to dine outside when possible.  The vibe is totally different and sometimes depressing when dining inside.  Its a little dark and kind of generic in terms of interior design.The food is pretty solid because they the chef knows that tasty dipping sauce is the key to any tapas-style plate.  Their sauces for all their plates are tasty and flavorful.Recommendations:chicken lettuce wrapchicken satayRed SangriaCalamariWe will frequent this place often because its close to our house and we can kinda pig out without overloading on carbs.
5	Kona grill is a must try if you are a sushi.  Their Vegas Roll is unlike any other roll I've tried anywhere and the presentation is amazing.  Their chocolate cake dessert is fabulous and they have an amazing happy hour if you are able to get a seat in their bar area.  The atmosphere inside is perfect for a romantic dinner or a relaxed night with friends.  They also have a full menu of American food.  Their burger was just OK.
4	Kona Grill is the go to spot if you're looking for a place to eat in Boca Park. Their Happy Hour is incredible, offering calamari, flatbreads, and sliders for $6 a plate. I had a table of 3 very hungry people and our bill was under $50.
2	Food was excellent. Had the potstickers and sushi sampler. Karen was our server. However was dissapointed waiting 35 mins for our check after table was cleared and dessert was already refused. Plus, excessive chit chat while waiting for our bill while still in plain sight is very unprofessional.
4	Omg!!! My son and I love the flat breads! We just can't get enough of this place our favorite happy hour in town. Jenn was our server not only ageand was GREAT!!!
1	Just saw an episode of "kitchen nightmares" where a hair was found in the food and Ramsay shut down the whole place- reminded me of my nightmare at Kona with the hair and all I was offered was a free dessert. That was 2 years ago - no response from the review ever. Shitty management- have not been back since .
4	Happy Hour all day Sunday?! Well, don't mind if I do!!HH is only valid at the bar and also at the patio. It is pretty spacious. The place was pretty busy and we were still able to find a seat outside. It was a nice, cool day so being outside wasn't torturous. Started off with White Sake Sangria ($6.50) which was the best sake infused sangria I have ever had. I've had a few sake sangrias before where the sake overpowered the drink but this one was the perfect blend. Also got a Margarita on the rocks ($4.75).For foods:Cheeseburger Sliders ($6)- I thought were pretty tasteful. Got it as medium which was cooked perfect. One thing that was different was they put cucumbers instead of pickles which I loved because I loath pickles! Good amount for the price.Avocado Egg Rolls-(half off about $5)- I am a avocado lover so this was heaven in my mouth. It came with a honey cilantro dipping sauce. yum!Shrimp & Chicken Wraps- ($6)- Lots of flavors in your mouth. i really liked it. The portion was just right. The right amount of lettuce and comes with a cucumber salad which was pretty delish.Philly Roll (half off about $3)- Sushi wasn't too good. The ratio of rice was pretty off. Not enough fish in it. If you want to eat sushi, I suggest to go somewhere else for it.Service was good. Natalie came by and checked on us at the right times. Food came out in a reasonable time. Our table was a little sticky but other than that I will probably be back again.
4	Very cool ambiance and great food. Happy Hour has a good selection and patio is always fun place to sit.
4	Spur of the moment decision to grab lunch at Kona today. Not a bad choice on a Sunday with all day happy hour. I had never been so figured why not. Philly Roll: didn't love it, didn't hate it... nothing to write home about. Disappointing for a place that has an actual sushi bar. Maybe I didn't get the right thing? I'm not too adventurous with sushi.Potstickers: Yes.. yes... and yes. Not sure what it was about these but I probably could have ordered 3 or 4 more plates. When I go back it will mostly be because I want potstickers. Nice size, tasty, nice crunch on bottom and soft on top. Nice presentation. Loved everything about these.Chicken Satay: Very tasty... the peanut sauce was delicious.Sat at the bar... nice spot and perfect day today with a bit of a breeze. All in all with couple drinks our bill was only $27 for lunch. Awesome... I'll take that any day.
1	Me and my friend went here the other day to get some drinks at the day time happy hour. We sat on the patio and were a couple minutes early. We got there a couple minutes before happy hour. My friend ordered a drink but I opted to wait the couple minutes for happy hour to start. When I told the server this, I felt some attitude. I brushed it off and orders my drink once happy hour started. We were there for a couple of hours. The server would only come over to the table when we started to look for her. When she would come over to the table and we would ask for more water she would take over ten minutes to bring it to us. Not to mention the sour look she had on her face the entire time. I come to Kona often. Most of the time I go it is busy so the service takes longer. The other day when I was there there was a sufficient amount of staff there for all the customers, so I see no excuse for the slow service. I was very disappointed with the service, and felt ignored and unwanted there. I was there to have a good time with a friend I haven't seen for a while and felt like we were constantly worried about how the server would act and the look she has on her face when she came over to the table. I love this place, but at the moment I don't think I will be returning anytime soon.
2	Went there late Saturday afternoon before the dinner crowd rush and wasn't entirely blown away by the experience. We sat outside, and despite being worried the misters were going to be overbearing it was pleasant. One thing that was not OK, was that all the outdoor tables have a VERY sticky finish on them. I kept my menu to rest my forearms on because it felt as if the table was covered in dried Coca-Cola.The appetizers, we got the beef tacos, were AMAZING. They were served in a flakey, croissant-like shell that I'm still dreaming about.I ordered a burger and my girlfriend ordered the chicken avocado sandwich. Both were good but nothing that would make them the greatest we've tried.Service was below par. Our server was not very knowledgeable. She did not know if their sushi was made with fresh of farmed fish (all of their sushi is FARM fish), did not know what size patty came on the burger (they claim 12oz) and she failed to return often to check on us. My water class had a chip in it, when our food was delivered (by the manager for some reason - I hate it when they do this eg order with the waitress, but somebody else delivers?!) we asked for an extra serving of ketchup from the manager...who never returned only to be seen two tables away chatting with a young lady.We will go back for the tacos, but that's about it...
3	Kona Grill used to be one of my favorite places when I first moved to Las Vegas a couple years ago. But as I've gotten to know a lot more of Vegas I'v realized this place isn't on par with some of the great restaurants around town. I've mostly only come here for happy hour. They've got a great outside patio, if you get here early enough to get a seat. They have some good food too but they love to over stuff all their sushi with crab coleslaw. So your really just getting a big ball of rice, with crab slaw and a tiny piece of fish on it. Extremely disappointing if you have an appreciation for good Sushi. But they do have a lot more than sushi to choose from and most of it is decent. The drinks are good and reasonably priced during happy hour.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! Great sushi, good area and prompt service. The only downside is that the happy hour starts at 10pm, most folks are either already home or going out for the night but not for food. The drinks are on the pricey side but the margarita on the rocks is well worth it. Try the Picasso sushi, you won't regret it.
3	I have been to Kona Grill multiples times. For some reason I come back every once in awhile, maybe one time for every 6-8 months. The food is always okay to me, not displeasing. I'm not sure what brings me back? Could be the nice people, the nice bar area, the scene, or drinks. Whatever it is, everyone should try their happy hour & white sangria. I wish there was an "all you can drink" option!
4	Glad I didn't read these other reviews before I stopped in.  We skipped the sushi because we have a favorite great sushi buffet spot. The sushi bar was vacant except for a lonely women in LBD.  My date didn't want me to flirt, so we sat inside the dark dining room.  Service was fine, no complaints, no problems, everything on the order correct. I was buffeted out and wanted some good food.  My cheeseburger was perfect.  A large thick patty on a toasted bun with fully melted cheddar cheese.  They didn't put lettuce on the burger, which is just fine with me.  I rated this the best burger I ate this year.  My date had shrimp penne pasta which was plentiful and tasty. Pasta al dente, not mush.  The other diner had the pork steak and it was perfectly done. Very thick and flavorful cut of pork steak.I'm surprised by the negative reviews here.  This is Kona Grill, with a laid back Hawaiian ambience.  This is now my favorite Las Vegas eatery.  I recommend this to anyone who enjoys Hawaiian influenced food style without the leis and hula skirts.Why didn't I give it 5 stars?  I reserve those stars for a truly exceptional experience. This is a place to hang out once or twice a week.   Price normal to slightly high side, but not over the top.
4	This is a great place to meet friends and we are definitely fans of the happy hour at Kona Grill. Not to mention that happy hour is all day on Sundays!I always get the sliders which consists of two large sliders and fries. It's a ton of food for the happy hour price. A lot of my friend's rave about the sushi. It's a fun atmosphere but can get a bit loud so I recommend sitting on the patio.
3	To me, their biggest draw is their sushi menu. Very excellent choices...My partner had the meatloaf which was so moist and yummy. I had the jambalaya...I have never had jambalaya so spicy in my life. I could not even enjoy it because of the spice! Other than that, I give this restaurant a thumbs up.
4	Love this place! Great happy hour and always such a good vibe! Not to mention one of my favorite bartenders works here! Service is always great, food is always good and I love that it is so close to home!
3	This place is sooooo conveniently located near my place, that I know I will be frequenting this spot!  Food is okay, service was friendly (altho a little slow), and the outside seating area looks like fun!  Food is not bad, but beware of sitting inside....it's a little dark and for some reason, it's just as hot inside the restaurant as it is outside.
4	Always like the atmosphere at Kona Grill. 4/5* It is a great place to hang out after work having some drinks with great companies. I have been here many times and so far food is all right. Pork Tenderloin was nice presentation but it is lack of flavors. 2/5* Basil Pesto Linguine was outstanding delicious by adding Chilli paper and salt. Umm yummy!! 4/5* Lemon-garlic Shrimp Penne was tasty as well but i was adding some chilli, salt and pepper. 3/5* Sushi menu has many choices. I was unlucky, never chose the outstanding yummy one. Sunshine Roll was all right. 2/5* I would go to real sushi restaurants for real sushi. Services is all right! 3/5* Sitting outside or bar area, servers will forget you sometime. But recommend to order everything in one time. Sitting at the bar and ordering from bartender directly is faster!
3	Kona Grill is located in Boca Park.  We sat at the bar located on the open area patio side.  Nice atmosphere- and a variety of menu items-  we tried a couple of appetizers, although I was not overly impressed- I was definitely not disappointed either. Service was good- overall, we had a great time!
5	Love this place!! They have happy hr all day Sunday! Great food and great cocktails!! It's a great place to go get some drinks an hang out!! Love the outside seating.
3	Kona Grill was okay for me, the variety of sushi rolls was not to my liking. I did however enjoy my husband's salmon thai (sweet chilli glaze) salad and the Korean bulgogi taco. Probably won't return unless for cocktails.
4	Went for the first time, loved sitting outside on the porch...well covered & mister's in the right places.Food was tasty & Paola was a great server.Will be back again.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in the city. It's a very chill and pleasant atmosphere to be in. I pretty much only come on happy hour, which is extraordinary when it comes to service, price, and consistency of the food taste. Plus i love the ability to have some great sushi rolls and a plate of cheeseburgers or Kalamari A great place to stop by whenever you're in the area.
3	Came back for Happy Hour and sat outside in the patio area....LOVELY!!! and happy hour is the best time to go! $5 bottles of sake, and half priced food items :) Fun fun!
4	Came here for HH on a Sunday with friends. Sat in the bar area. Our server "Amir" was very pleasant and nice. He was very attentive and friendly. Enjoyed our food and drinks . The Sangrias were pretty weak though haha. Other than that I would def return again.
4	Went here for the first time last Sunday and I thought it was a decent place. We sat outside, in the sun, way too hot. We eventually moved to a table in the shade once it was available. I didn't care for the avocado egg rolls.  I don't usually like avocado anyway. We ordered the egg rolls, pizza, and calamari, had like three margaritas each. (I went with a friend) Once we split the bill, it came to about 20 bucks each. It was very inexpensive (during happy hour), great service, drinks were strong, and it was over all a good first experience. Would definitely come back here for Sunday fun day.
3	Place is decent. Average corp restaurant. The food I tried didn't stand out in any way.
4	I come here when in town every couple months,  always ha e the Salmon Entree,  very good,  not the same as when they opened years back,  they had an amazing sauce on it,  I am sure it is a cost thing,  you know how the great minds do that at Corp office for restaurants...  Salmon is still charred nicely,  Hawaiian Rice is good too,  veggies are decent. Great Happy Hours selections,  Friendly Staff.
5	My fav sushi spot in Vegas. You gotta try their angry edamame, coconut mojitos and surf and turf sushi.
4	Hubbz took me right before they closed (we didnt know- it was last minute) but the staff was still super friendly- not all moody because we sat down a half hour before closing. We ordered quickly and the food was amazing! Happy hour wasnt bad either! I will be returning.. but this time a lot earlier so i can enjoy my food lol
2	I was disappointed after dining here for a Sunday happy hour. The bar area was crowded and loud so my party decided to try to sit at a table on the patio. The outside table had not been wiped down thoroughly and there were a few flies swarming around so we decided to wait for a table to open up in the bar/lounge area so that we could order from the happy hour menu. We ordered the calamari, which was probably the best item we tried but was not that impressive compared to many others in the area. We also ordered the cheeseburger sliders which were too pink, and the fiery shrimp and crab crunch rolls which were just ok but nothing special. Our food was delivered before we received plates, so we had to get up and ask the bartender to provide some for us.  And our server, who was rushing around did not return to ask how our food turned out or if we would like to order anything else. I don't plan on returning here.
3	Ugh is all I want to say about my experience at Kona grill today. Unfortunately, this was my second bad experience with the food here. My party ordered the asparagus salad and a house salad with salmon. Both salads were not satisfactory. The lettuce was very wilted and disgusting. One salad was also soaked in dressing that made it unpleasant.  As usual, the drinks were a hit or miss. But the citrus punch was a winner today. Three stars only for the cute waiter, Amir! He was the bomb! Give him a raise. My salads should have been comped btw. Barely touched my old lettuce dinner. Will come back for drinks ONLY & amir.
4	Strong drinks and good sushi!
2	Food is just not good. Been here a few times and always have been disappointed. Only reason i didn't give it 1 start only is because service is actually good. I don't get why this place always attracts crowds.
5	Love happy hour all day Sunday!  Kids can sit outside or at sushi bar and still get happy hr prices. :)
1	So I really liked coming to Kona Grill during their happy hr! $6 sushi and shrimp tacos, I loved it. But lately, the food hasn't been so good. It tastes different, and I would know because I order the same things every time I come. The past two times I have left with my stomach hurting.  Plus, I hate how it's always busy and the servers show you no attention. I work in a very fast paced restaurant so I know what it's like but seriously, I can walk out and they wouldn't notice. Last time I came with a group of friends the server gave really poor customer service. He did not greet us, he went straight to asking the orders and only checked on us one time.. when we were all done eating. Very disappointing to say I won't be coming here anymore.
3	Went there with my family and was satisfied.We just ordered appetizers for all of us to share and it worked out very good. It wasnt too expensive. The atmosphere is nice especially if you eat outside. They have TV's to watch And a nice cool inside. It is very clean and a great place. We got our food in a short amount of time. I will keep going here for an afternoon lunch or an early dinner!
1	Watch your drink orders here - the bartenders squirt eye drops in your drinks if they don"t like you - which makes you very sick!!
4	Friends always go here, finally decided to give it a try. Went during happy hour and ordered their house Cabernet which was actually really nice. Than I ordered a caprese salad however, after the happy hour ended which was $10. I would've been happy about paying that much if it was worth it. It took about 15 mins to get the salad, really? It's cheese and tomatoes, than they give small portions of the mozzarella and my heirloom tomatoes were kinda hard. My friends didn't get any food. They only came for the happy hour drinks and now I know why. Waitress was nice, my friends were able to order 2 drinks for me during happy hour because I was unable to make the happy hour time-frame. Once I got to the table to meet up, the waitress brought me my 2 Cabs and charged me the happy hour price.
5	It surprises me that Kona grill doesn't have better reviews. Their happy hours rocks!! Everything is sooooo good.I've been here a handful of time and I always enjoy myself!The sliders are GREAT. And the ahi tuna crisps.... Oh my GOD so good!!! I swear I get them every single time. The avocado egg rolls are a little heavy but fan-freaking-tastic. I love all of the drinks on their happy hour specials-- especially their Cosmopolitan. They get it right every time (they must use Cointreau because it is GOOD) You have to check out the happy hour if you haven't already... But get there early!! It's first come first serve seating and it fills up fast!
1	I made a reservation advance of two weeks and than went there to get seated. But instead was told they gave my table away to someone else. What also pissed me off was that she said you can go look for a table outside. Wow horrible service
5	This place is good
5	Kona kona kona, you remind me so much of the great happy hour memories I had with you in Houston. You satisfy my craving and save me a lot of money on my car insurance. Thanks for your amazing happy hour menu including your Atlantic rolls, bbq pizza, margarita pizza, avacado eggrolls, and your fried calamari. This location is great too. Again, reminds me of sugar land texas. Reverse Happy hour here is 9-11. Atleast once a month, I always crave the food at this place.
2	Food is decent. A touch over priced for what it is but none-the-less decent. The biggest detraction is the the cleanliness. It's a bit dirty, especially around the bar area, and the plumbing smells terrible. Underlying smell of sewage in the bathrooms and bar. Tough to really enjoy your meal with that in the background. Sorry won't be back.
3	Happy hour is awesome :)Food is awesome :)Now if only they could get the service on point. Every time I come here the service is awful. No it's not just a fluke. This is my sisters favorite restaurant. She loves their food. But everytime I am here, I am simply reminded why I only come here with her. Sushi is yummy and their happy hour specials are on point. I do enjoy the avocado egg roles and the lettuce wraps are pretty spectacular. If the service was better, I would be here more often as it's right around the corner.4 stars for food/1 star for service.
3	We stopped in for a late lunch and sat on the open patio because the weather was perfect.There was only one other couple at the time on the patio and the waitress immediately mentioned to us that we were to early for happy hour (starts at 3:00PM)We ordered the ahi tuna crisp as an appetizer....... it was very good!!!I ordered the chopped Kona salad with pecan crusted chicken. It was good.... the chicken was very well cooked, flavorful and not dry. The salad was not a chopped salad by my definition...... it was not chopped any more than a regular garden type salad.... very disappointing.... I was really set on the finely chopped salad, not enough dressing for my taste either.My husband had the fish of the day, which was red snapper. He said it was okay.... nothing to get excited about.... a little dry, and served with plain white rice.... very bland.By the time we wrapped up our meal, it was almost 3:00 and time for Happy Hour.... the patio was full,  and from what I could tell, that is what this place is best at. Stick to the happy hour appetizers and drinks. It is more their specialty.
4	The sushi chefs are super cool and nice! The service during happy hour is a little slow but its worth the price and quality of the sushi.
1	We didn't even get to order food because the bartender ignored us. We didn't get her name either, all we got were to happy hour margaritas that were pre made. Not coming back.
5	Happy hour was great! Good appetizers! Had the bbq chicken flatbread! Can't complain! Good atmosphere for after work drinks...have the games on so all I have to do is enjoy my Sam Adams and sir back! I would def come back!
5	This 5-star review is all because of Mick, our waiter on Monday evening.  He was very pleasant and extremely knowledgeable about the beers and wines that are served.  His recommendation and knowledge about Tenaya Creek Pilsner was not only spot on, but really interesting to here.  He also did a great job with wine's for my wife.  The service was attentive and outstanding.  We enjoyed the food and the overall atmosphere of Kona.  It was a great trip and we'll certainly be back!
2	I went to kona grill - around happy hour and sat at the bar by myself- idk if the drain was clogged but the bar could not have smelled worse. It was appalling- I initially blew it off thinking maybe it would change - then I lifted my arms and my sweater stuck to the bar - i ordered a bud light - happy hour price was average. I did not stay to eat though- could you blame me?
3	We've been here twice. The first time was just a random night out for dinner, service was great and food was pretty good. The ambiance was great also. We ordered the ahi steak sandwich and the bbq chicken flat bread, both came out promptly and delicious! I'd definitely give that night 5stars.We then saw a flyer for all day happy hour and football, so we went again today. It was a different vibe and service was not a attentive as the first time we were here. I don't think this place should even offer a happy hour with football, if 1. You can't hear any of the games, 2. There aren't enough tv's to enjoy all the games that Sunday has to offer. Also if you're encouraging football fans to come in, watch the games and have a good time, don't give them dirty looks when cheering on their teams.The happy hour menu is decently priced with a couple good options. The avocado egg rolls are a must! And make sure that the dipping sauce is on the plate when you get it, cause when you ask for it the server said "oh it wasn't on there?" With a little attitude, if it was you think I'd ask for it? I used to be a server and before you bring any dish to a table you always make sure everything is on there correctly, especially if it's a normal dish that gets ordered multiple times a day. Also isn't it customary to offer waters to those who aren't having a drink? Aside from the eggrolls, we ordered the calamari, bulgogi tacos and crab crunch roll. They were nothing special, I'd probably never order any of those again except the egg rolls.For the experienced we got today, it averages out to be 3 stars for both visits.We'll come back but never for a football Sunday.
4	Great happy hour, if you can find a spot! It gets so packed! Large happy hour selection though. Love the chicken skewers...it sounds basic and they are everywhere...but, for whatever reason, their chicken skewers are the best!!
5	bloody mary, Amir, 70 degrees, Kona and v-land!!!! Perfect!! Great happy hour selection, beautiful outdoor venue, great drinks, delish Pad Tai !!!
5	Price - Super affordable (my parents & siblings, a family of 6, ate for $36)Service - Beyond accommodating, friendly, knowledgeable, and memorable.Atmosphere - Sushi bar inside, dining seating inside, patio AMAZING (the bar is half inside and half outside)My favorite part of Kona is the early happy hour 3-6 (I think..lol) and the late one 7-10pm, with and allday Happy Hour on Sunday.If you are in Summerlin...GO HERE :)
4	My first time dining at Kona Grill was a success. I was really pleased with the service and food. I will definitely return in the near future. I recommend the Avocado Egg Rolls, Potstickers, Grilled Apple & Brie Flatbread, and Chicken & Broccoli Stir-Fry. Yum!
3	Kona Grill is pretty convenient for me since I live on the west side and dread going downtown or anywhere east of the I-15. The happy hour prices are good and the ambiance is nice. i like the fact that their happy hour is not overwhelmed by 1,000 sweaty people mushed into a crowded space. I'm not really fond of the fact that it seems a bit like a meat market. At least I can sit at a high top with my girlfriends and not be bothered.
5	This time went to happy hour with my son michael we we had the beef bulgogoi taco which is so so, the avacado eggroll were awesome as usual,  tuna wonton crisp is a definite must have, bbq chicken flatbread is good, kona calamari is delicious and and if you like rolls the crab crunch,  voodoo, and Bama ones are tasty
5	Kona has a great happy hour & some of the nicest staff!  Amir is the best bartender. He is always personable, knowledgeable and attentive & always great to be around.   The happy hour food specials are great too (love the ahi tuna crisps, wontons & rolls) it's nice to sit outside and enjoy the atmosphere.  I know they have an all day happy hour on Sunday but I haven't had a chance to try it, but I love to grab a drink and appetizers at the bar.  Amir always makes it a great time!   Great spot to go with friends.
5	Very good. First time eating here, i was a very skeptical after reading a couple reviews. The group of four i came with decided to sit in the bar so we could get the happy hour. Not really my style. I typically like to sit in the dining room for my dinner. The table was small and we sat by the door where there was foot traffic. Not the restaurants fault, OURS! lol Very nice setting and atmosphere. We started with Sangria. The red was better than sparkling for sure. The appetizers we had pot stickers, calamari and the tacos. i would seriously next time consider just coming here for appetizers and drinks. They were SOOOOO good. especially the tacos. I wouldn't change any of them.For my main entree, i ordered the Lemon- Garlic Shrimp Pasta. My waiters recommendation. It was phenomenal. Very strong garlic flavor however. I don't mind. Garlic is awesome! My wife got the Macadamia nut chicken. I had a couple bites and i was jealous. Amazing flavor!! Shes very picky and didn't have one complaint. The service was also very good. He was very nice and professional. For 4 people the total bill was 105.45. We all ate an entree, 3 appetizers (happy hour), 3 sangria's, and 2 iced tea. Not bad at all for a nice evening with the in-laws!
5	I came to Kona this evening for happy hour. I decided to sit out on the patio since there were heat lamps next to almost every table. Margaritas (which are my favorite) are on special for less than $5 and I had the Gouda fondue which is served with pretzels and apples for $6. My waitress, Nicole, was pleasant and friendly. I will definitely be coming back for a happy hour in the near future!
4	I usually come here for happy hour. Happy hour menu is pretty good. Place gets packed quickly. Gets loud once in a while. Outdoor seating is nice touch. They have misters in the summer and patio heaters in the winter. Service is good.
2	This was our first time here and overall our experience could've been better. The waiter was friendly although he made a few mistakes. For ex, he served our sushi first before he set out our plates. Also, it took him awhile to get our refills on water which didn't make sense being the place wasn't that busy at all. We ordered the atlantic roll, dragon roll, and las vegas roll. Food-wise, what we ordered tasted pretty good. However, prices are a bit on the high end.
