5	You cannot beat the level of service you get at Vegas eateries.  Everyone is attitude free, prompt and knowledgeable.  I was especially impressed wtih the service at L'atelier.  My bf got the 10 course tasting menu and that was excellent.  You can't beat the mashed potatoes ... so addicitive! That came with the hanger steak, but I got he quail stuffed with foie gras and that was AMAZING. The foie gras ravioli in chicken broth  with basil ...  stil thinking about it.  And get the chocolate peanut butter dessert, won't disappoint. Although the sushi bar idea was neat, didn't care for the red and black decor.  I had three courses, and shared the dessert from my bf's tasting menu, but I could have had just 2 courses and been full.
3	Ok, so I'm here at this ultra-fabulous suite in the Venetian Hotel on a Thursday night. But instead of being out and going buck-wild hung-lo style all over town, I've decided to share my experience at L'Atelier with my fellow yelpers (woo for you!).First off, I dig the decor.  Very dark and chic, trendy, cool I think best describes it.  However, I don't like the sushi themed tables where you are forced to sit at a bar.  Although it is comfortable, it's not very good for intimate conversations or playing footsie for that matter.Second, the food was good, not great.  I'm sorry but if some of you think that's the best tasting menu you've ever had, then you've been to all the wrong restaurants.  The food is good, but the best dish has to be the cocotte of egg with parsley puree, mushroom foam and sauteed chantrelles.  The quail is also a hit, it's served with a soy/chicken demi sauce (or at least that's what I think it tastes like), truffled mashed potatoes, (Joel Robuchon is known for his potatoes, it's one of his signature dishes and is basically your basic pommes puree with an equal amount of french butter added to it.  It's awesome but sickeningly fatty.) and a micro green salad with truffle vinaigrette. Other good dishes include:Poached kumamoto oysters poached in butter, lemon, chives and sea salt.Strawberry milkshake with strawberry sherbet, fresh strawberries and pistachio crisps.Not so good were the:Assortment of ice creams and sherbets that the waiter failed to identify.The grilled Santa Barbara Prawns with Romesco Sauce (just didn't feel like it was a real romesco, imho).andThe scallop carpaccio with lemon marmalade (the marmalade was great), soy, evo, and pepper.So you ask, 'Hung, if the food was good why only 3 stars?'.  Well if you'd just wait a minute, I'd tell you.Service.Service.Service.The bill came up to be about 300 dollars for the two of us, one cocktail and a water.  With that being said, service should have been to par with that of a true french restaurant.  The waiters should not have been snobby, unprofessional, unenthusiastic, cold or answered our questions with short remarks.The conclusion, will I go back?  No.  But I am glad that I went here instead of my initial plans, which were to visit Joel Robuchon's Mansion next door where an average dinner for two runs about a grand.  I won't be revisiting L'Atelier because the cuisine is too Asian for me.  If I'm going to be laying out that kind of dough (which was equivalent to about 15 lap dances at Spearmint Rhino up the street), I should be eating food I know nothing about and enjoying the hell out of it.  And that includes not eating a quail entree served with a sauce my grandmother used to make back at home.So those are my two cents on Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier, you can take it or you can leave.  AFK now, time to party!
5	I ate here over a year and half ago and I still recall the experience.  I don't do too much retro-yelping because I'm afraid that the memories will have decayed, but not with L'Atelier.The restaurant is modern-cozy, mostly red with dark low lights.  There are many small tables on the side and a large bar area with an open kitchen.  You can see the whole kitchen and the entire scope of preparation.  Sitting at the bar is an experience in it self, let alone eating there.Unfortunately, I was alone for dinner, but then it made perfect sense to seat me at the bar.  It was the greatest experience watching the plates be finished, a meticulous process that took 5 minutes just to garnish the plates just so.  I just love watching excellence in action.I had a small plate of smoked salmon on creme fraiche as a starter and then John Dorry with chorizo as a main dish.  It was served with a small pot of pureed potatoes that I will never forget.  They were so smooth, so creamy.  My server conspiratorially whispered to me were at least half butter and I could believe that.Sitting by myself at the bar, I wasn't alone.  There was a journalist (from the same convention) on one side and a young female doctor on the other.  We made small conversation and were shared our amazement of the food.I had three pots de creme for dessert that were wonderful.Someday, when I can convince my wife to come to Las Vegas with me, we will eat here.  Watching the food preparation was great and the food was better.
5	Our family was in Vegas and wanted to see what all the fuss was about, so we thought we'd check out Joel Robuchon's restaurant to see if he was really worth all the hype as "Chef of the Century."  While we'll probably have to check out the Mansion next time to see if he is truly superior in comparison to some of our favorite chefs like Thomas Keller or Julian Serrano, we walked out pretty impressed with L'Atelier.  The 11 course Discovery Menu took almost 4 hours to eat, so make sure you have a lot of time, but getting the opportunity to chat with the chefs in the open kitchen/counter top space was a lot of fun and made the time fly by (make sure you request a seat at the counter with your reservation).The food compares in sophistication and presentation with Picasso, but in a more casual atmosphere (no jacket required).  If you go with the tasting menu, you're getting a lot of courses, so they tended to be more bite-size and probably a little more delicate.  Surprisingly, there is quite an extensive menu selection if you choose to go a la carte (I counted over 40 items you could mix and match, excluding cheeses and desserts!)The most memorable dish for me was the scallop, served on its own shell, in a broth, that was probably THE most naturally sweet scallop I have ever tasted (even better than topnotch sushi restaurants, like Matsuhisa). There was also a superb cod in vegetable broth.  The chefs here really know how to concentrate A LOT of fresh flavor into seemingly simple-looking broths and marry them with subtle seasoning.  As expected with nouvelle french cuisine, there was a little pretentiousness with all the foams and micro-chives used (to our bemusement)- maybe a little excessive, but they never clashed with the flavor of the food.  I probably would have expected a little more from the wait staff for the prices that you're paying, but the overall experience was memorable because we got to chat with the chefs, who were superfriendly.  We definitely enjoyed ourselves and had a wonderful night.  I highly recommend L'Atelier, especially if you've gotten a little bored of the same old rotation of dishes at Picasso or Michael Mina (which are still excellent in their own right, but need to change up their menus more often).
5	Joel Robuchon has been getting rave reviews. Some critics have called it the best restaurant in Las Vegas, one of the best in the U.S., and even one of the best French restaurants in the world outside of France.The atmosphere was formal, but not stiflingly so. Service seemed effortless, because it was so well choreographed. I had a primary server, but there was a team of others to help.I chose the sixteen course tasting menu. Each course was thankfully very small. Even so, 16 courses is a lot of food. Come hungry.The meal:An amuse bouche. Not much to comment on.Oscetra caviar and cauliflower cream. Many of Robuchon's dishes are much better than they sound. This caviar dish was one of the over achievers. As would be true for the remaining courses as well, the dish was beautifully presented. On the plate were a grape hyacinth bloom and an iridescent red petal of some sort. The food was presented in a small cup in the center of a plate. The cauliflower cream was creamy white. On the surface were a large number of tiny green dots, arranged in a circle. Now, cauliflower cream doesn't exactly sound like a taste treat. Wrong! It was delicious. Underneath was the caviar - also delicious. This turned out to be one of my favorite dishes.Le Foie Gras. A small brick, consisting of layers of foie gras and Japanese barbecued eel. Both were top quality. A strange combination, but very good, maybe excellent.Le Thon. A small cylinder of food; a beautiful array of bright colors - red, green, yellow. It consisted of raw tuna, micro chives, little splinters of ham, a disc of pimiento, and a quail egg sunny side up. The flavors were strong; for example, the ham was chewy and intensely flavored. Another winner.Langoustine in a very thin ravioli cover, served warm. The langoustine was very sweet, almost the consistency of scrambled eggs.  As was true for every dish, presentation was beautiful. Excellent.The simplest way I can describe this is as lettuce soup, with bits of ham. A plain dish, but very good.Canneloni of scallops and zucchini. My brief notes said it was very good. As the meal wore on, I got lazier, and my notes got worse. Sorry!One Brittany lobster claw, sitting in a small pool of dark green puree. The puree's flavor was as if a plant leaf had been liquefied. It was very strange, but I came to like it. Very good.Kobe style beef bone marrow, filled with vegetables. I like bone marrow, and had high hopes for this dish. It was a little disappointing - not as rich nor as flavorful as I had hoped. Very good, but not excellent.Abalone in ginger broth. The abalone was tender, not overly chewy. The broth was flavorful. Very good, but nothing memorable enough to make it excellent.Fried sea bass with tiny leeks. Flavor and texture were both very good.This was one of my favorite dishes: Japanese snapper, with scales, sauted so that the scales were crisp. All of this was placed in a rich lily bulb broth. Excellent!A thin slice of veal. Good, but a rather normal preparation.Oatmeal? That's right! This was a surprise, and a winner. It was cooked like a risotto. The individual oat grains were apparent, with some gold leaf applied. The broth/sauce had a strong meat flavor.A smooth, creamy granite, almost semi-liquid. It had a strong peach flavor. Very good.An oddball dish: caramel corn, consisting of excellent caramel but mediocre popcorn; fairly good strawberry mousse. It was pretty good, but I was disappointed. Why? Because, until recently, the menu had included a chocolate dessert which sounded great. As it turned out, I could have gotten the chocolate dessert upon request, as did a neighboring table.Next, an off menu item: a selection of sorbets and ice creams. I chose coconut sorbet. It was intensely flavored and creamy, almost like ice cream. Excellent. Vanilla and coffee ice creams were also available.Les Mignardises. This is typically defined as a tray of small sweets served at the end of a meal. In this case, it was a huge trolley. There truly were dozens of varieties from which to choose: chocolates, candies, cookies, nuts, and I forget what else. I exercised restraint and only chose five or six.This was the finest meal I've ever had in Las Vegas. Each course was beautifully presented. Most courses were excellent; even the worst were very good. Service was very attentive, yet not overbearing or overly formal. The entire experience took about three and a half hours, but it never seemed to drag.Am I glad I went? Definitely. I'll remember this meal for a long time. Would I go back? Probably not. The price is simply too staggeringly high - at least until I win the lottery.  The meal was $350, plus drinks and tip. Figure a minimum of $500 per person, or more if you indulge in a bottle or two of wine.
4	Very formal atmosphere.  Kind of intimidating and I was nervous: maybe because I am about to shell out couple hundred bucks for few spoonfuls of food or maybe because I was being watched.  The staff was like secrete service: scanning your every move.  The second you put down your fork, they appear from the dark corners to clear your table for the next dish.  I had the 'cheaper' $200+ tasting menu as a testing run.  All the food turned out pretty, very French, and tasted good.  But I couldn't figure out why they are worth about $20 per spoonful.  Not as memorable as the $125 tasting menu at Nobu.The best part that I remember was the breads cart and the desert cart.  You get to pick them off the cart - and there are many different kinds and all tasted great.  I wished they had a bigger plate for me to pile the deserts on (see photo).So I have to conclude, unless you are multi-millionaires, if this is your money, it is probably not worth it.  However, if someone else is paying for it - GREAT!  Two older executive-looking guys in business suites sat next to me.  From their conversation it sounded like one of them is a customer.  Anyways, they ordered at least 3 bottles of wine - probably costing thousands each.   There's also a large family there: with couple of teenagers, totaled around 10 people.  I wonder how they can afford it?  But they seemed totally relaxed, like it is any other dinner.  It's an alternative universe that I can't comprehend.BTW, I left still feeling hungry.
5	Las Vegas has snagged the biggest and brightest in everything, especially fine dining.  I write these reviews on the excellent restaurants I visited as I sit at McCarran (my flight's delayed), and I believe this stellar week started with L'Atelier for my birthday.First the decor.  It's a small space with possibly 4 tables and an open space kitchen lined with counter seats.  The back bar is honestly a waste of space, but the tiny yet elegant surroundings give lend to a great friendly feel (I spent some time chatting with my dining neighbors on wine & Vegas restaurants).  Sit for the counter service, and see your food being made.Ooh la la.  Elegance in small portions that blow the taste buds away.  I've never have mashed potatoes (pommes puree) like this, nor have I had canard foie gras any better.  We went the small plates route, and along with those two mentioned, had the kusshi oysters, tuna belly with onion rings, and the beef and foie gras burgers with carmelized onions.  Each small plate seemed to flow perfectly with the other, and dessert continued in that fashion as the Le Framboise certainly provided that the surprise wasn't the only thing you'd remember about it.Fine dining at its pinnacle, I have enjoyed the creations of Robuchon and plan to continue doing so.
5	Joel Robuchon opened his First Official Fine Dining Restaurant  in the USA in the Las Vegas MGM Grand. He has opened his more casual restaurant L'ATELIER in New York at the Four Seasons and at the Las Vegas MGM Grand. I have always been very impressed with L'ATELIER in New York, Tokyo and Paris but never ate at his Fine Dining Restaurants. The taste, presentation, and creativity is exceptional and is a feast for your taste buds as well for your eyes. If you enjoy French you will not be disapointed in anyway. Do not plan on large portions as most the menu is designed as a multi-course tasting. I have had the eighteen course tasting menu twice and it is superb both times. Having ate at L'ATELIER many times I can tell you the food is very consistent in all the locations I have eaten at. The service was excellent also here in Las Vegas. The staff was professional and very nice. It is similar in price to MASA in New York so plan on spending over a thousand for two people including wine and gratuity. To experience the food to it's fullest plan on spending at least three hours. I highly recommend you go here for a special occasion and you and your guest will be highly impressed. Check out the photos on his website www.joel-robuchon.com.
4	Alright, I had to try the "Chef of the Century's" restaurant. Fortunate for us, it was Restaurant Week and they had a pre-fixed menu for $50 a person. The dishes was spot-on delicious and service was impeccable. But I have to agree with the last yelper's review that you can get this type of food in SF. Perhaps if we ordered more dishes, I would be more enthusiastic with this review.I'm not sold on this counter-style eating. It's suppose to be more modern and interactive.  If I'm going to spend a good amount of money, I don't want to talk my neighbors or accidentally bump into his elbows. I felt sorry for the waiters, they had to reach over the counters to give us the food. Not very ergonomic.
4	A hard review to write as quality of food is relative to some extent but I believe that restaurants that charge this sort of price and aspire to the highest standards must be judged against those aspirations and expectations. Hence, although I did enjoy my meal very much, I can only give it 4 out of 5 stars. Mind you, I am judging it against the highest standards as I also dined at Bouley in New York, The Kitchen in Sacramento and Michael Mina and the Ritz Carlton in San Francisco on my recent vacation.L'Atelier is next door to the Mansion, Joel Robuchon's 'main' restaurant where the prices cause even more watering of the eyes. The concept of the restaurant chain (there are Ateliers all around the world) is to dine at the bar to 'promote a more interactive experience'. There are tables available but you are definitely encouraged to dine at the bar. One advantage of this is to watch the chefs at work in the open kitchen. The odd thing is that I found the waiters not to be very keen to chat, hence nullifying the interactive experience. I was later able to engage the maitre d' in some conversation but mainly about soccer as I live in England. A lot of the time, the staff were gathered, chatting to themselves.The decor was dark with lots of wood. Once seated, I was offered either still or sparkling water, no ice water as an option. $8 per bottle as I later discovered. I was driving and didn't drink. My request for freshly squeezed orange juice was met with a polite 'we don't do that'. This was the only top class restaurant I dined at this trip which didn't manage to rustle me up some juice. You have oranges, you have a juicer, you have arms, how hard can it be?I opted for the $135 tasting menu. Was a bit disappointed to see that the foie gras on the internet menu had been replaced by egg though that did actually turn out to be one of the better dishes.I suppose the main disappointment overall for me was the lack of innovation or have I been spoilt by dining at the Fat Duck in Bray (in the UK)? The other top class restaurants I dined at on this trip all produced moments during my meals that made me gasp in surprise. L'Atelier produced very well cooked food which was tasty but no 'wow' moments.The best dishes were la caille (quail), some perfectly cooked tender pieces of meat in a lovely sweet-ish sauce (sorry I can't give you more details about it but the server didn't volunteer more clues as to its ingredients when I mentioned that I really liked the sauce) served with the famous truffle potatoes and the aforementioned eggs en cocotte. Though I had enough to eat, the portions were literally a taste in some cases - maximum of 3 mouthfuls! No amuse bouches to welcome you. Some of the dishes like the langoustine carpaccio could have done with another flavour like citrus to offset the sesame.So, although I enjoyed the meal, l'Atelier didn't compare well for me with other places I dined in the same price bracket. Also they need to inject more interaction and life into the place if their concept is based around interaction.
5	With a high recommendation from my brother, I decided to check out some fine French dining.  As those close to me know, I went on my annual trip to Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  And my good friends know that Esther does not gamble.  (Well, unless you count a max of $5 on nickel video poker).  So what else does a single girl with a disposable income do in Vegas?  Eat, Drink and Party!First stop, as soon as we arrived in Vegas, we went straight to L'atelier at the MGM.  We order a bottle of wine, and start the Chef's Tasting Menu.  As soon as you walk in, the atmosphere is casual, almost farmer's market with the baskets of herbs set out in the kitchen and glass bowls filled with possible fresh veggies and fruits for decor.  Yet, you know that you have walked into an upper class sort of casual, as the color scheme is black and red. It is counter seating, so you can watch the cooks prepare your food.  Since it is a tasting menu, there were about 9 or 10 dishes.  The dishes (glassware) itself was fabulous, I mean, very decorative and large.  The tastings were also fairly good portions.  We started out with a cucumber gelee with tarragon and cumin.  At first taste, I wasn't quite sure if this was a good thing, but with the second bite, I was hooked.  It was very cleansing and refreshing.  Secondly, came out the tuna tartar: using bluefin tuna with tomato infused olive oil.  It was awesome.  However, not the best tuna quality I've had.  I almost wish that it would have melted in my mouth. One of my favorite tastings was the: La Chataigne which is a light chestnut velout with caramelized foie gras and bacon. God, so foamy light yet so much flavor.   The salmon came out with this little kettle of con fit potatoes which seemed like it had to have at least 2 sticks of butter and cream with just a little potato.  Had I not been on a "ahem" diet, I probably would have devoured the whole serving, but....I practice temperance.....hahahaYou can choose between stuffed quail with froie gras, but you know me, I'm a red meat sort of girl, so I got the hanger steak.  It was good, but you know, I actually think that the hanger steak at Mustards in Napa is much better.  The desserts.  OH MY GOD!!!! Mandarin con fit the the sheep milk yogurt...and the PEAR SORBET.  your meal cannot end on any better note.  EVERYONE NEEDS TO TRY IT!  Yes....It was a good meal.  No, strike that.  It was a great meal!!!!!
5	Truly an outstanding place to eat a meal and so much fun too boot. Foodie heaven is what comes to mind when I think back on this dining experience. The counter service is the way to go so you can maximize your interaction with your waiter and the chefs working behind the counter. The small plates are perfect and I went with 4 of them. Each of the dishes was refined and outstanding. The portions are a perfect size.  Desert was perfect as well with the tart tray really blowing me away. Service was very good. The waiter was extremely professional and enhanced the experience. I loved the dark decor. The bill was pretty hefty but you only live once.  If you love food and part with $150+ for dinner then you must go here.
5	No words can adequately describe L'Atellier de Joel Robuchon -- yet that is what one must attempt to do, so . . .Nestled within the MGM Grand Hotel, we arrived on time for our reservation and were seated within moments to our seats in the center of the bar -- perfect for watching all of the "action" in the kitchen.The decor is stylish, simultaneously elegant, enticing, and exciting.  The staff very attentive without being smothering.  And the food . . . the food . . . The tasting menu was simply outstanding -- and this was the best meal I've had since we were in Paris . . . truly spectacular in every detail.I cannot recommend this restaurant highly enough.  It's that simple.
5	Damn you Yelp for not allowing half-star ratings!  L'Atelier is a 4.5 in my book - great, but just not inventive and consistent enough to nudge itself into the topmost tier of fine dining.  Allow me to set the mood - this was the centerpiece dinner for my good friend and myself amidst a typically hedonistic Vegas weekend and we were definitely not disappointed.  We both ordered the tasting menu:The Good:Cucumber gelee - very interesting execution and flavor combo but more shock value than substanceFoie gras - yes, unfortunately, it was not outstanding, just goodVeal - a touch too much salt but cooked well and the accompaniments were perfect in enhancing the flavor of an inherently bland cut.Quail - very solid but again, just not that memorableCrab and avocado salad -  a bit bland and under-dressed but otherwise quite palatable.Strawberry milkshake - incredibly tasty, teetering on the line between good and great.The Bad:Halibut - steamed with butter and seasonal vegetables on top.  Precariously underseasoned and a bit overcooked.  Not really bad, just way below the quality of all other dishes.The mind-alteringGazpacho - an amazingly bright and concentrated distillation of tomato with just the right amount of acid, fat, and texture in the background.  Great.Sweetbreads - perfectly prepped and sourced, and just amazingly executed throughout.Mashed potato - Robuchon's signature dish.  More cream and butter than potato.  Enough said.Oysters - poached (dipped for a split second is more accurate) in butter and served with sea salt and lemon.  Pristine in every sense and easily the best dish of the night.  Hell, one of the best dishes I've ever had.  Sublime.I know a lot of people rag on the bar-style dining experience but we both enjoyed talking to the knowledgeable and friendly wait staff and seeing food get made right in front of our eyes.  The whole place was stylishly executed but low-key enough to not appear garish like many other Vegas establishments.  Unfortunately, the wine list was steeply marked up and overly Francocentric but there were myriad great choices.  Was it worth the money?  Absolutely.  Would I go back?  Yes, but probably not for the tasting menu.
3	I was looking forward to this restaurant.  I at L'Atelier in Paris and it was stellar though with a casual atmosphere.  We were quite hip with the small plate idea and certainly didn't expect L'Atelier to be a tapas joint.This L'Atelier lost a bit in the translation.  The food was good, but aside from the amuse bouche, nothing achieved the wow-factor.  The amuse bouche, which was served in a small clear jigger consisted of a foie gras flan, a very thin layer of a port reduction and Parmesan foam.  It was utterly delicious.The cocktails were good, and a martini was $15 after the $2 up charge for a martini.  (Why a restaurant of this caliber cannot set a price for a drink is beyond me.)  The food prices at L'Atelier were higher than in Paris.  The small plates range from $20-45 an the entrees are $48-75 (e.g., an apparent 4 oz serving of halibut was $58 atop some vegetables).  We decided to repeat wonderful small plate experience from Paris and went with just small plates.  The server recommended 3-4 per person.Things did not get dramatically better at this point, unfortunately.  The millefeuille salad was nice an consisted of two slices of wonderful mozzarella, two slices of zucchini, and two slices of eggplant in a basil oil.  For $20 it was good.  The foie gras, at $36 was about 2 oz of foie gras served with wonderful grilled bread.  The foie gras was nice, but did not compare to the Paris L'Atelier in quality or size.Next we had a crevette and vegetable salad which comprised small poached bay shrimp (9 to be precise) served in a molded ensemble of finely minced vegetables, such as bell pepper, etc.  It was $28, tasty and refreshing, but at $3/bay shrimp I began to wonder.  We ordered the lamb chops, for $30.  I do not know where Jol finds his pygmy lambs, but it must be a precious source.  These lamb chops were attractive and had a piece of meat attached the diameter of a quarter and the thickness of four quarters.  There were precisely three of them. At this point it really dawned on me that they have no shame.  (Though the lamb came with a small pot of the signature mashed potatoes, which matched the Parisian version and taste of amazing butter.)  We also got the calamari and chorizo.  For $38, we got 1/2 cup of calamari and 2 tsp of diced chorizo.  It was very good, but c'mon.  Squid is about $3/lb.  We wound up with a chartreuse souffle with pistachio ice cream.  It was truly special and a bargain at $12.  The souffle was a normal single serving size and was flawless.The wine service here is absurd.  All wines by the glass were $15-20 and the pours were obscenely scant.  The bottle markup was approximately 4-4.5 times retail.  Again obscene.For two people, with these very light servings, four glasses of wine, and two cocktails the total was $300 not including tip.  I think this concept needs adjustment.  I was glad that we did not order the oysters.  For $28 one receives precisely three oysters, whose shells are the size of a 50-cent piece.  I don't care what sort of mignonette they make, no oyster from Seattle is worth $9.33 apiece in a restaurant.
5	If you could order one thing on the menu that would represent L'Atelier, it would be LE BURGER.
5	I came here expecting a very trendy mediocre food as this was Robuchon's cheaper version of his dishes, yet I was quite shocked what a remarkably selection of authentic delicacies they had.It sucks that the slot machines sit right outside but you can't really say you don't see slot machines everywhere there, this is the city that has slot machines in the airport and grocery stores too, come on now. Yes it's dark inside. Yes it's somewhat casual and somewhat trendy. But have you noticed how impeccably clean the kitchen is? A single drop is what it takes for one of the chefs to come running to wipe the marble slabbed down kitchen clean. They also have pig feet pate` and "prosciutto" jambon. They also have the best mini-sized baguettes! If that doesn't impress you then I don't know what will. Caviar and escargot are so 90's (kinda kidding, heh heh)
5	L'Atelier - does that mean "the best butter". Call me ghetto if you want, but one of the best things we had here was the french  Echir  butter. I could put this butter on anything and it would shine with pride. We went with one Prix Fix and many carte items to accompany. This wound up working really well for us and I'd recommend the strategy to others. Essentially every ting was great - langoustine fritter, tuna belly, gelee, suckling pig (oui oui), mashed potatoes (they are known for them and BTW they are like 35% "butter") and more. The beef rib eye was good, but the Poached baby Kussi oysters with French butter we the highlight for me - two orders please.A more entertaining way to have a phenomenal meal...
5	j'etais tres contente avec la nourriture ici et j'espere a manger encore par-la! translation: i was very happy with the food here and i hope to eat here again! merci beaucoup pour l'experience tres extraordnaire.
5	THE BEST MEAL OF MY LIFE.  10 courses of pure bliss.  You even get to watch the entire process unfold right before your very eyes.  L'Atelier is a mesmerizing and stylish venue.  The creativity in every aspect of plating, and preparation is truly amazing.  This is the type of food some people can only dream of ever one day enjoying....I feel lucky to have been able to experience it first hand.  All I can say is GO.And bring half of your rent check...possibly the whole thing.
4	3.5 stars. i brought the rating down more for the service rather than the food. went for restaurant week last year because it was only $50 for 4 courses. i knew i would never get an opportunity like to eat at a place like this. after being seated i enjoyed the view of watching the cooks and chefs prepare my meal. started off with the signature robuchon vegetable napoleon. layered with eggplant, tomatoes, zucchini, and buffalo mozzarella. simple but perfectly executed. the next dish was the ribeye. a thin slice of steak cooked simply with some salt and pepper. it was good. the cheese platter was nothing special. then we waited for literally 1.5 hours for the dessert to come out. what the hell. they tried to ease our wait by giving us some small sampler tarts to kill the time. but no. it didnt work. the pisatchio souffles finally came out but our meal was already ruined. i was ready to leave and go gamble away all my money at the casino. hmmm....maybe they know what they're doing then. ps. the robuchon potatoes were freakin buttery as hell. (check my ubuntu review for part 2 of "robuchon potatoes")
5	Walking through the glam and glitz of the MGM hotel and casino in Vegas to get to L'Atelier is like hiking through the world's largest Chinese brothel: wacky gold everywhere, carpets that don't seem to match the rest of the place, and NOISE! But I don't want to be on a total playa' hatin' review of the MGM - L'Atelier is like the proverbial oasis in the desert of MGM's glamcrapatism. Red and black interior, soothing quietness, chefs hard at work behind the sushi-style counter that envelopes the kitchen.This place is worth a visit - but I can't say it is in the top 20 of the 'best meals of my life.' I was able to wangle a prix fixe dinner at L'Atelier Joel Robuchon along with a show (Crazy Horse - Parisian strip tease!!) for $98 through the MGM's website. I added on some dishes not on the prix fixe menu. Along with drinks, my meal was a bit over $300 (one person). I started off with a superb Bellini (a bit of a shock at $29). My meal included a starter of a composed 'tower' of Meditteranean vegetables (good), followed by a 'toast' of minced tomatoes and tuna (very good) and a tiny tempura of langoustine (2 bites but good). My entree was the onglet steak with leeks - very tasty in a reduction of port, I believe. The onglet was very tender. A cheese plate followed (delicious). I had a sorbet (cannot remember the flavor) as a final dish. Service was very, very good at the counter. My waiter refilled my water glass promptly and suggested a variety of wines by the glass to complement my meal. I'd go back. Hi Yang factor - good place to impress your Platinum card status on a 'date.' Dress up, enjoy. 5 stars.
3	I agree with an earlier review that this food here is just too abstract to be good.  The best food has the simplest ingredients that work together.  This place tries too hard with convoluted recipes that confuse rather than please the palate.  The tasting menu was too adventurous even for me, someone who's always willing to try something new. There were several simpler dishes that stood out - crispy langoustines, rack of lamb, oysters, and dover sole. Then there were others that were poor combinations - stuffed salmon, le burger, fried egg with salmon roe, sea bass. The worst were their desserts, which the french are supposed to be known for.  Atmosphere is cold and not cosy, esp. avoid the high tables and chairs.  I was brave and took 3 other poor souls there to try it for the first time.  Our bill was $830 including wine, tax and tip.  Almost made us swear off fine dining and hit the Wynn buffet next time we're in sin city!  We enjoyed our prior experiences at Bouchon, Boulud, and Rosemary's much more than L'Atelier at the fraction of the cost.
4	Gas $4+/gallon? Yeah, that's not much fun any but at least it crept up slowly. The end result is that more and people are starting to conserve by buying a Prius, avoiding unnecessary driving and taking public transportation.L'Atelier's menu prices hit you over the head like a gas station billboard.  $45 for flank steak? $40 for risotto? $70+ for many other items? That is sticker shock!  I even peeked next door to see the Robuchon restaurant tasting menu - $250p.p. I know this is Vegas but WOW.Money aside, this place has incredible food. I almost wish I'd gone for the tasting menu but we did the ala carte/tapas option. EVERYTHING was amazing. Though I complained about the flank steak, it's wagu and about as tender and flavorful as a rib eye or fillet. The crab salad is actually exceptional value as the crab is piled on. All in all L'Atelier is a culinary delight that will impress any foodie.Service wise - it's great. Actually "unparalleled" would be a better way to say it. Especially for bar service. Couple that with the casual but elegant setting and you've got a winner here.All in all this is 100% a five star place but Joel needs get a little more reasonable on prices or people will drive their Prius elsewhere.
5	one of the most amazing meals i have ever enjoyed.  i took my boyfriend to vegas for his birthday and set up L'Atelier as his birthday dinner.  From start to finish, the service and all our dishes were absolutely amazing.  We started our meal with the baby kushi oysters poached in french butter and the lobster gelee in a cream leak soup, which both were amazing.  order the big eye tuna in tomato infused olive oil.  it is a really wonderful dish.  then we had the roasted rack of lamb which was so tender and juicy and we also ordered the gnocchi which were so tender and well prepared.  also the braised pork belly-- wow.  that has to be one of the best dishes I have ever tasted in my entire life.  order it and you will not be sorry.  the sweetbreads, which i stayed away from because i just cant do it...  but my boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed them and he said the dish was amazing.  please do yourself a favor and order the green chartreuse souffle with pistachio ice cream for dessert.  It is to die for.  I think if a restaurant can pull of a great souffle... they know what they're doing.  and no doubt, the chefs on the line here at L'Atelier, know exactly what they're doing.  Also as a treat, they surpised the birthday boy with a tray of 6 different tarts that were all absolutely delicious.  At L'Atelier, you will have a great experience and you will be thinking about the dishes you had here for weeks even months to come.  I ate there in March and I still think about the dishes I enjoyed there.  The tab came out to be around $500 for all the dishes and mind you, lots of wine.  Yes, a bit steep.  But for a great memorable meal, I dont mind dropping the cash for.
1	Elf sized food for Giant prices!!I know small plates, but sharing?? you would need a tweezers to transfer to another plate.I asked for ice water upfront along w/ a $60 bottle of wine. I asked 3 timesfor a water refill-got filled half way--no ice.When I asked if they had ice-He said, "I can get some" like he was borrowing it from the neigbors, Waiter then returned with a glass of ice that he used his hands to pick up, some fell on my plate-hands again!!!!!!!!!!! My quail w/ foi gras had no foi gras--and was so t i n y--I think a hummingbird leg, perhaps-that may have justified the price.$430.00 for 3 women, come on-really??? They were offended that we did not want to sit at the bar-but requested a table so we could talk.When asked about the Pommes frittes-the waiter said, just plain old French Fries! at that price? NEVER AGAIN.
4	We didn't make reservation in advance since everything was sort of last minute.  Sitting at a blackjack table across from the restaurant in the afternoon, I mentioned that it is in the Michelin Guide and I would love to try it.  He, being such a gentleman, happily agreed and made the reservation for 7pm.  We were told that we would be seated at the counter; at first, I hesitated but was told that it is the thing to do.Arriving at the restaurant on-time, we were seated right away.  The woman was right; it was definitely the way to dine here.  You get to observe the chef in action.  The restaurant is modern and chic.The service was prompt, friendly and excellent, not at all snooty.  However, the price tag was definitely on the high side.  All 'tapas' style appetizers start around $20 and go up to $45.  We started with the grilled vegetables with buffalo mozzarella.  Absolutely delicious.  The vegetables were flavorful and the buffalo mozzarella was soft and subtle in flavor.For main entree, he had the Scottish salmon stuffed with black olive cream.  The waiter told us the salmon would be cooked to about 60%.  Given that I don't eat salmon, I took his words for it when he said it was the best he's ever had.  I had the fresh cod fillet in morel broth. My oh my.  The cod was crispy on the outside, flaky and tender on the inside.  The fish was in a mild broth, surrounded by a few morel mushrooms and vegetables.  Absolute perfection.For dessert, we shared the Le Chocolat which was very good but not as spectacular as some of the other stuff we had that night.  (Trevese with its white chocolate cloud is still my favorite.)Without tip, the total came out to be $140+.  Since both of us had iced tea, it certainly was a ton of money.  However, the food and service was so excellent that I would recommend it if you have the money to spend.
2	You know, maybe I'm not sophisticated enough to properly appreciate Robuchon's L'Atelier. And maybe my friend that I went with wasn't either. But needless to say, we didn't find the food here to be as excellent as others have - or even particularly enjoyable. We both did the tasting menu, and out of all the courses, we maybe actually enjoyed 2 - the "entree" part and the desert. The bread was alright too. But the rest of it was edible at best. I'm really not sure how much else I can say about this, but underwhelmed doesn't begin to describe it.The service however, was good, and I definitely can't complain there. Ambience was nice. We sat at the bar. It's a tight fit up there, and it could be a little awkward if you're not there on a date (etc), especially if you're tall.All said and done, I'm not likely to return to L'Atelier. Maybe if I really wanted to impress a snobby girl. One good thing did come from it though - I'll never have to worry about spending $300 a head at Robuchon's "real" restaurant.
5	Not just superb food, but a completely fab experience as well.I took a foodie friend who was as game as I was to really enjoy the experience (this is not the place to take that whiny friend who wants sauce on the side, bitches about salt or complains that they can drink a whole bottle of wine for $2 at home...spare me.)This is foodie bliss.Sitting at the counter is fabulous -- how clever to take the personalization of a retro diner where Pearl serves coffee and slings hash and jack it up on foodie steriods, cross it with a sushi bar experience and deliver a completely upscale, fun, personal connected couple of hours in a place many would assume they'd feel intimidated.  Pearl is no longer a hash slinger...but a hot, well trained server who makes you feel like a queen (or king) and walks you through the Robuchon experience with aplomb... the counter behind him is where a bevy of chefs is busy plating and prepping, making magic -- it's great theater -- a perfect evening's complete entertainment -- so don't go when you're in a rush or have to catch a show or need to be anyplace else but right there -- truly enjoying every moment...We decided to create our own tasting menu out of the small plates listed on the menu -- our server was completely on board -- he suggested wines when our glasses were empty, sent surprises from the chefs for us to taste (because it was clear we were in heaven) and gave us lots of fun inside tips -- steering us towards dishes he knew we'd like as he watched us eat and began to understand our palates, and moved us away from others... and he read us like a book!  We loved every bite...First, L'AMUSE-BOUCHE Cucumber gele tarragon cream, cumin yogurt    (sent from the Chef -- this is part of the regular tasting menu and isn't on the a la carte -- but is a signature of Robuchon's and was delicious...) LA TOMATE  Chilled gazpacho with croutons (this was probably the best gazpacho I've ever tasted -- it isn't chunky but pure essence of tomatoes, perfectly seasoned -- cold -- wonderful.  I still dream about this and wonder where they get their tomatoes in the wintertime... do not share this...LE JAMBON  "Prosciutto" ham served with toasted tomato bread  -- we shared this -- I love Spanish pan con tomate -- and this was simliar but better.LA LANGOUSTINE  Crispy langoustine fritter with basil pesto  -- these were lovely and perfect to share (if you have to...)LES HUITRES  Poached baby Kussi oysters with French  Echir  butter -- these are so good you won't want to share them -- they're the tiniest cutest oysters I've ever seen -- and poached in butter...I get shivers remembering how delicious this was.LA VENTRECHE  Lightly seared tuna belly with crispy onion rings Yes, onion rings and tuna -- perfect texture balance...LE FOIE GRAS  Traditionally poached cold foie gras served with toast We can't get enough foie -- and this was terrific torchon...LE FOIE GRAS  Seared duck foie gras with cherries and almondsWe each ordered a foie dish and shared it -- seared is always my favorite -- LE BURGER  Beef and foie gras burgers with lightly caramelized bell peppers   Because we were on a foie mission, our server told us that these were not to be missed -- they were tiny burgers with seared foie -- I don't even want to think or know how many calories because they were perfect bites of toe curling yumminess...next time, I might not share...LA CHARTREUSE  green chartreuse souffl, pistachio ice cream I ordered this -- I love chartreuse -- it's so misunderstood so seeing it turned into a dessert I thought sounded very interesting -- it was.  LE CHOCOLAT  Chocolate sensation,  crmeux  Araguani, Oreo cookie crumbs   See?  who says the French are food snobs -- Robuchon uses oreos!  You gotta love that.   This was really decadant and a lovely finale...Yes, we were stuffed, giggly, had made great friends with our cohort at the counter who had just come off of a ten day horseback tour of the west and was dining alone -- until he chatted us up!  Ask how happy we were to be in our own little foodie heaven when a sea of humanity after a huge fight poured out of the MGM arena and we could avoid being caught up in that wave of crazy...  Do take a cab after this experience...it's impossible, if you love food & wine as I do, to not get caught up in the experience and be well....a tad over-served...  The two of us spent with tip and wine, $500 -- yep...  that's why you absolutely cannot go with someone who won't appreciate the moment - or will faint when the check comes.   Live a little...this is a great place to do it...!Update:  3/31/08 -- our anniversary!  Actually got to come w/ the Husband last night -- and had a blast!  Thank you Eric, Mike, Simon, Chef -- flawless evening -- loved every bite!   Favorites tonight:  service, the cold lobster soup, every bite of foie, perfect wine pairings! (I took pics above!)
5	My husband is in the military and in the 6+ years we've been together, we havent spent many Valentine's Days together so he really wanted to take me out somewhere special especially since we were in Vegas! So, he did his own research and made reservations for here.We were promptly seated at the counter in which you could see into the kitchen and watch things be cooked and plated--was really neat! We ended up ordering the tasting menu which was an experience in its own. The only thing I did not like was anything with fois gras, but everything A+! Stellar! It was the most expensive meal I've ever had and truely 100% enjoyable. The cook who took care of us was also SUPER attentive and gave us the heads up and the best ways to get around Vegas (we were going to a show after dinner and had planned to walk, but he directed us to the metro which was MUCH faster).Great food, great service, I'm sold!
4	This was my one blow-out meal during my first trip to Vegas (last year).  The trick is to get a seat at the bar and watch the food being prepared--it's like dinner AND a show!  I was right in the center of the madness, with views of nearly all the kitchen stations, and I enjoyed watching the controlled chaos of such an esteemed kitchen. I indulged in the 9-course tasting menu ($135), and it was absolutely phenomenal. Personal highlights included butter-poached oysters, pumpkin soup with chestnuts and homemade croutons, free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and glazed with acacia honey (served with truffled mashed potatoes that included three huge slices of the exotic mushroom), and papaya puree with banana ice cream. Service from my individual waiter was somewhat lackluster (he seemed disappointed that I wanted tap water and only ordered one glass of wine--which, consequently, was $22), but the "supporting cast" of servers assistants did a great job of enhancing my experience. Also, the sommelier stopped by to chat a few times, and he was incredibly gracious and friendly. He even brought over a sample of a rare dessert wine for me to try, as he noted that it worked quite well with my final sweet course. Overall, it was a delicious and inventive French culinary experience.
5	This is probably the best restaurant to which I will not return.  Sounds weird, doesn't it?   Allow me to explain.   I have heard great things about both Joel Robuchon's places in the MGM.   But I have never really gotten into the whole French Food thing.   So, before dropping a grand at the big restaurant, we wanted to try L'Atelier.   We show up and were promptly seated at the counter with an awesome view of the kitchen.   Our drinks were well made and the bread was out of this world good.   We opted for the tasting menu which was a very nice selection of foods.   Each one was presented in a lovely setting.   The total amount of food was generous and we didn't leave hungry.   Even though each course was prepared well (except the squid was a little tough) none of the 8 or 9 courses made my taste buds sing.   The only course that was a home run with me was the lamb.   Wow!  That was the best lamb I have ever had.  So, what's the deal?   Why won't I go back?   To be totally honest, the food, even though it was high quality, just didn't appeal to me.   I'm glad I tried this place before dropping a grand at the big restaurant.   With the $600 I saved, we had a very nice Wagyu dinner at Craftsteak the next night.   Will I be back?   Probably not.
5	Having already been to Joel at The Mansion, we decided to take a stab at Robuchon's more casual endeavor, L'Atelier.  It was delicious.  Sublimely so.  And I enjoyed being in charge of my own meal, I just roll that way.  I would go here again anytime with anyone.  It is great food and a fabulous experience.
4	Superb experience.  My wife and I enjoyed L'Atelier from the beginning to the end.  The small dishes were excellent and the main courses, such as the  quail stuffed with foie gras, were tasty.  Definitely will be visiting again.
5	My annual trip to spoil my taste buds at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon . . . can it get any better? Can this really be better than last year?Our last night in Vegas, and after dinners at Lotus of Siam, Valentino's, and Nob Hill, we were both looking forward to our dinner here, and getting slightly concerned about potential heart attacks -- which didn't stop us from ordering the foie gras, it just stopped us from ordering their tasting menu . . . The amuse bouche was a foie gras parfait with port wine reduction and a Parmigiano-Reggiano foam . . . OMG!And it only got better for there!!!Again, with careful scrutiny, bargains CAN be found on the wine list, which is generally stocked with some great wines and your typical "Vegas Casino markup."But -- again this year -- L'Atelier was far and away our best meal in Las Vegas . . . stunning.
5	This restaurant just came up and topped my list out of nowhere. Definitely on par with some of the best of the best (I'm still not sure if it beats out French Laundry and Coi just yet). This is by far the most beautiful restaurant I've been to. Absolutely gorgeous in every aspect. Unique, contemporary, and strikingly pretty. If French Laundry is the chateau and Coi is the main house, this is the Manhattan bachelor pad. The food was all quite incredible, and the service was great. i cannot wait to try more of Robuchon's stuff.
5	This restaurant is definitely one of my favorites, from the service to the food, everything was as expected and then some. I've been to this restaurant a few times and each time has been memorable. Sitting at the elevated counter is the best because you can see everything being prepared and if you have questions, the staff are more than happy to explain things in great detail. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone going to Las Vegas.
5	Chef Steve, Simon, Emmanuel, wow.  flawless as always.  This is our favorite restaurant other than my husband's food -- and even he's got to take a break sometime.  I knew this would be the perfect place to go before (& after) the Madonna concert.  Monsieur Robuchon went to see Madonna, too, and afterwards we were lucky enough to get to catch up with him.  A huge team is in from Paris -- assuring that the service continues to get better and better -- as does the food.  If you've not been -- this should be tops on your list -- that is, if you think diners, sushi counters and oyster bars are the bomb.  If you don't, then you probably won't get it -- and that would be a damned shame.
5	Finally hit L'Atelier . Tried the Fall Tasting Menu - $75 includes: Amuse - Foie gras "shooter "- basically liquid foie gras with a parmesan foam - yummy ! Mozzarella / veggie stack - beautiful, amazing flavors in such a small dish ( actually, the serving was larger then i expected ) Langoustine Fritter w/ greens - nice flavor, but kinda boring compared to the Mozzarella. Hanger steak with fried shallots - i gotta admit, the steak was a little on the chewy side, but the flavor was perfect cheese plate w/ walnut raisin bread - 2 cow milk cheeses, a sheep's milk cheese and the 4th - i can't remember . very generous servings and the bread was a perfect compliment. tart plate - 6 mini slices of tarts - a couple chocolate flavors, lemon, raspberry , orange, etc. Holy cow !! great dessert !! coffee - OK People - THIS IS A GREAT DEAL !! pics posted
5	For my 4 days in Vegas I carefully contemplated where to dine and set on L'Atelier which was my best dining experience so far this year.  The decor is perfect- modern, open kitchen, very sophisticated without any stuffiness, and spick-and-span clean- no odors or smoke coming out of the kitchen.  Service was perfect.  I am not a mojito person but the raspberry mojito here is luscious- maybe because they add Chambord?  The amuse-bouche is exceptional- fois gras with parmesan and port- I could eat at least 3 of these! One of my favorite dishes was the quail stuffed with fois gras and the mashed potatoes are delicious.  Kampachi was excellent except I don't like capers, same story with the steak tartar.  I can't remember having better oysters- the ones here are exquisite!John Dory was great, main lobster was delicious including the broth although the macaroni was nothing special- tasted like package macaroni. Langoustine was excellent and despite it being a fritter you don't get that fried taste at all.  Pork belly is tasty although can get a bit fatty after a few bites.  The spaghetti is a carbonara- it's very good quality but the ingredients don't differ fro a standard carbonara so I would recommend trying the other dishes first.  Framboise dessert was lovely- white chocolate fondant with raspberries and the Pina Colada is a wonderful light option that comes in a glass with "poppers" that explode in your mouth.  I happened to be sitting next to an MGM manager who sent over Les Tartes which was absolutely delicious- an assortment of mini pastries, most of them ethereal and a lovely home made taste.  A couple next to me was celebrating an anniversary and their petit four plate  had "Happy Anniversary" written with raspberry coulis- very pretty!  Ate here several times over the past few days and can't wait to return.  For all you Vegas gourmandes- I would pick L'Atelier over Picasso any day!!Towards the end of my meal Mr Robuchon himself showed up and introduced himself.  It was very inspiring to be in his presence; I feel lucky to have had the pleasure of conversing with him and receiving a signed copy of his cookbook.  I also had a chance to visit the main restaurant which is simply/stunning/sophisticated/ classical/modern/ baroque/serene all at once.
5	My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon in Vegas and after reading Yelp reviews for a fancy dinner out settled on L'Atelier.  Although it was the most expensive meal I have ever had, it was well worth it for a special occasion.  We both had the discovery menu ($145 each) and what followed were 10 wonderful small dishes with a sampling of their menu.  The menu was heavily weighted toward seafood (scallops, oysters, cod, langoustine) and I am no fan of seafood, but the flavors were incredible and I thoroughly enjoyed this meal.  My favorite dish was the amuse-bouche - Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam - simply divine.  If you are a foody, it is well worth getting seats at the bar that surrounds the immaculate kitchen, so you can see the goings on.  The bar seating makes the service a little awkward, with the waiter reaching over the bar with plates and to fill glasses.  Instead of ordering wine by the bottle, we asked the Assistant GM/Sommelier, Harley, to pair wines with the meal and served three smashing glasses from champagne to white to red.  Harley was friendly and informative without ever being condescending, like you often get in this kind of establishment.  If you've got the money to blow, but don't want to spend $250 for the menu next door, I highly recommend L'Atelier.
5	Just coming back Las Vegas; We had dinner at the Atelier; EXQUISITE is the word ; It is costly but you get what you pay for; service, extra bites as courtesy of the chef ! one of us had the 10 courses degustation...perfection ! presentation, taste, service; One of us did A la Carte...You must try the Beef and Foie Gras Sliders, the Langoustine, the Red Fruits Dessert....We will be back (cost for two with tips= $570..but it is the experience of a life time
4	Would be 5 stars just for the food, but the service is too uneven.  Servers kept misplacing dishes, forgetting something, and not coordinating the timing of everyone's entrees in the party.  My last dish didn't arrive until my friends had finished their's and had already moved onto dessert.  My steak-eater friend was wordless as his steak melted in his mouth - steak knife not required.  He proclaimed that it was the best he ever had.Love the langoustine, the scallops, and the mashed 'pomme'!The tasting menu is a great deal too.Would come here every time I'm in town.  If you have a few friends dining together and want a table, be sure to call ahead as there're only a few - most are counter seats.
5	Absolute bliss!
5	The best french restaurant I've been to. I went to a timeshare seminar in Vegas, and got to eat here with a $150 credit.  It is pricy, and I wouldn't have tried it otherwise.. I may go back now after trying some excellent dishes..We sat at the bar. You can see the kitchen.  We dressed casual. Everything was excellent here.  I tried the fois gras sliders - Out of this world! It was the first time I tried fois gras, and it was authentic, and excellent quality. The burgers were awesome. My guest loved her food, but I can't remember what she ordered, but she loved it.We tried the famous mashed potatoes.. and let me tell you..  It was like eating butter! It was so soft!  The flavor was awesome as well.  The french fries were extremely good. Maybe the best fries I've ever had, and I LOVE FRENCH FRIES!! They were very crispy, and good texture. Flavorful, and salted just right.  YUM!I tried the "steak tartare" but did not like it. I never had it before, but the taste was rich, and I did not like it. It was like eating dog food to me..  They took it off the bill. I tried the baby lamb chops.. and let me tell you.. These were the most tender lamb chops I've ever had.   They were awesome! Tiny, but awesome!  Kind of like a wagyu lamb chop!  They were seasoned good as well.  I recommend this!for dessert we had the souffle. It was small, served in a thin glass. It was authentic, and good. It's rare for me to love so many things at a restaurant, and this was one of the best meals, if not the best meal, I've ever had. It was expensive, and even though the timeshare presentation was about 4 hours all said and done... this meal made it worth it!
5	I am a very lucky man! I have had some amazing meals in my life and my recent dinner at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon was one of the best ever!  From the moment I arrived I was made to feel important and comfortable by the staff.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, elegant and modern.  I wanted to eat at the counter so I could watch the action in the open kitchen, but sadly it is not wheelchair accessible.  I am pointing this out for the benefit of my fellow yelpers, but I am not factoring it into my Star allotment.  Now onto the food.Amuse-Foie Gras Parfait Port and Parmesan FoamWonderful combination of richness,sweetness and saltiness.1st Course-Langoustine Carpaccio with roasted Poppy Seed Dressing and Espelete Pepper.Light and Clean with nice acidity from the lemon in the dressing and a nice note of heat from the pepper.2nd Course-Poached Baby Kussi Oysters with Echire Butter.I am not an Oyster fan and thought about asking for A substitution.  I am really glad I didn't.  The Oysters were mildly sweet and the combination of their briny juices , butter and chives was so good I drank it right from their shells when I finished the Oysters themselves.3rd Course-Scallop with Seaweed Butter and Curried Cauliflower.Perfectly cooked Scallop with nicely caramelized crust and sweet, tender flesh.  The Cauliflower was interestingly different.  It  was served chilled and almost mashed, but still maintained its crisp texture.The curry did not overpower things at all and added a nice heat factor to the dish.4th Course-Pumpkin Soup with Chestnuts.Very Rich and Creamy with a wonderful Pumpkin flavor.  The Chestnuts added a nice textural component to the Soup. I loved the fact that this soup was more savory than other pumpkin soups I've had, which are usually way to sweet for me.5th Course-Steamed Seabass with Spicy confit peppers.My most straight forward dish of the evening, but beautiful in its simplicity!The fish melted in my mouth and the confit added just the right amount of seasoning. Before this course I had mentioned to one of the myriad of staff who attended to my every need during my meal, that I was hoping that one of my dishes would have Potatoes Robuchon with it.  Lo and behold, a small crock of the "Holy Grail" of mashed potatoes appeared as a side with the Bass.6th Course-Foie Gras Stuffed Quail with Truffle Mashed Potatoes.Crispy skin, tender meat and the rich Foie worked wonders together!  Served with more of those unforgettable potatoes.  This time decadently studded with black truffles.  WOW!7th Course-Lychee Panna Cotta with Mango, Macadamia Nuts and Coconut Sorbet.This was amazing. like a trip to Hawaii on a plate8th Course-Green Apple Sorbet with Calvados Sabayon and Citrus Custard.Tasted like eating a fresh apple right off the tree!  The Citrus Custard added a nice acidic note to the dish.9th Course-Tart TastingFive small bites that were all good, but my favorite was the Chocolate Cinnamon.Before my meal I mentioned to the Sommelier that I didn't think I could handle a wine with every course, since I had several other drinks earlier that day (It is Vegas after all!). He was very helpful, and selected three wonderful glasses that he spaced out through my meal.  My night at L'Atelier was amazing and is definitely in my top five meals ever.
5	after trying joel robuchon next door, i was kind of hesitant to try l'atelier.  not that the food wasn't good...i just wasn't wow'd.  i'm so glad i did, bc it is now one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas...it's that good...from the the service, to the ambiance...and most of all the food.  we started off with an amuse buche...foie gras parfait with parmesan foam...definitely a heart attack in a shot glass.  i ordered the tasting menu and my friend ordered pork/potato/truffle trio, the iberian ham (l'atelier is one of the first restaurants to procure iberian ham which only became available in the US earlier this year), quail, and souffle with pistacchio ice cream.  the food was amazing...can't wait to go back.tip:  sit at the bar
4	The dining experience was nice, we had good food with prompt service.  The price is acceptable considering its Vegas, but nothing really stand out from our dinner that would make me go back again instead of trying other great restaurants Vegas has to offer.
5	In a town with a lot of expensive restaurants, this place stands out.I went with the girlfriend and had the tasting menu, which at $148 a piece as not cheap.  The Chimay blanche was only $7, which is a bargain anywhere.The seating was at a bar, and was relatively casual, which is a nice change for a fine dining place.The tasting was ten courses, all of which were excellent, a few of which were really.  The amuse of a foie-gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam was fantastic, as was the langoustine carpaccio with poppy seeds and the butter-poached oysters.  The main course was a foie-gras stuffed quail with truffled mashed potatoes.  Robuchon is famous for his "pommes puree", which I've tried to replicate at home from the recipe in "The Complete Robuchon".  It doesn't come close, sadly.The desserts were also great, especially the pina colada dessert, which was pineapple, yogurt ice cream, malibu rum gelee, and pop rocks hidden in there.If/when I go back to Vegas, coming back here is a no-brainer.
5	I should have written my review right after i ate here cuz i can't remember the details now.  We went Dec 13, 2008.  Had the full tasting menu with champagne.  On the memorable side: Oysters, Langostine, and creamy pumpkin soup.  Overall it was really good for the price.   You could easily spend twice as much next door at Joel Robuchon.   I was telling Emmanuel the GM that I did enjoy it much more than La Bernadin in NYC.    For fine dining in Vegas for good value, I'll have to say it was a similar experience to Rosemary's except you pay a little more for being on the strip.  Where Rosemary was more down to earth and homely, L'atelier was all slick and classy.  Definitely get counter seating as you get to interact with the prep staff more.  Oh yeah...mini baguettes were AWESOME!
5	In a town full of excellent dining venues, the L'Atelier exceeds expectations, based on my dining experiences, this is more like the Michelin one star quality equivalent to the European standard.  Two of us sampled 15 different dishes, each was true to its description and prepared to perfection, the plating was also fun; The Langostine was heavenly light, the Foie gras parfait was creamy and rich, the pork belly melted in the mouth, and the mash potato was golden and buttery.....  Excellent wine list, too, the ambiance is fun and flirty, attentive service in a casual setting, I would happily return here, meals like this I could eat everyday.  Two thumbs up!
5	WOW WOW & WOW. I am never tired of Joel Robuchon's fine dining. I wish I could eat like this every day! The quail stuffed with foie gras & the foie grois/veal burger were delicious.I hope I can continue dining here when I visit Vegas.ONE thing they disappointed me on : espresso. Way too hot - it was like Starbucks style. That's a big no-no guys!
3	Went to Vegas again on a business trip. Decided to eat here because of its high rating in those Las Vegas magazines. Anyhow, although the ambiance is nice - classy yet not pretentious, I didn't think the food was to die for. We started off with a cheese plate - which I'm not much of a cheese person to begin with. I'm not sure if this was the thing that offset the night but if you aren't so much exposed to "exotic" cheeses much, I'd pass on this. I found 4/5 cheese to be extremely pungent. We then had an oyster sampling which was delish. Can't complain much about this.For my main course I had the stuffed foie gras free range quail with truffle mashed potatoes. It was good. Would I get it again? Sure.I don't know though. There's something about paying $30 for something the size of index finger that is just so unappealing still. Yes I would rather pay for quality rather than quantity. I guess all I'm saying is that my $150 meal wasn't all that worth it. I've been much more satisfied with a meal a quarter of that amount.
5	I've been here for more than 5 times.  Every single time, I came out suprised, amazed, and intrigued.  Since I had Joel Robuchon next door before coming here, L'Atelier has more of a relaxing and comfortable ambience.   Dishes to die for:  Chestnut foamed Foi Gras, Ahi Tuna Tartare, quail stuffed with foie gras, and BREAD!  I
5	Great food! Great Chef! Great Som! Great Staff! I had originally made reservations at Joel Robuchon, The Mansion, but due to the long Superbowl, I decided to stop by L'Atelier instead since it was late, and was very pleasantly surprised! It was fantastic and the staff was wonderful! I have been to the one in NYC in the Four Seasons, which is great as well, and was not expecting to be impressed with the one in Vegas. Every dish that came out on the tasting menu was impeccable! A wonderfully surprising experience! Will definitely return!
5	Let's just put it this way: I've dined at some pretty good restaurants over the past few years, and L'Atelier is what convinced me to join Yelp and start writing reviews.My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for my birthday this past weekend and made reservations at L'Atelier for Sunday night. The restaurant offered four different options - a prix fixe tasting menu for $148; an a la carte menu of small plates (you're supposed to choose three to five for a full meal); an "American" a la carte menu with large entrees and appetizers; and a special winter tasting menu promotion. At $75 for five courses, we couldn't pass up the winter tasting menu aka recession special. The meal started with the foie gras amuse bouche that other Yelpers have raved about - and OH MY GOD it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The winter tasting menu began with a tower of grilled vegetables interspersed with buffalo mozzarella, which was simple but very tasty. The second course was a langoustine fritter served with a basil pesto sauce and some greens; we didn't know what a langoustine was, so the server explained that it's like a prawn that tastes like a lobster, which was a spot-on description. The main entree was either a choice of sea bass or beef, though our server let me sub in the free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled mashed potatoes for free. I'm so glad I did this - it was definitely the best quail I've had in my life (not that I've had that many) and was much better than my boyfriend's sea bass, which was good but not great. The fourth course was a cheese plate that came with three large slices of cheese (one cow's milk, one sheep's milk and one goat's milk). We ended our meal with the dessert course, which was a choice of either a plate of tarts or an assortment of sorbets; I got the sorbets and my boyfriend got the tarts - both were excellent. The service was great and it was really cool to be able to watch the chefs work in the kitchen. With a glass of wine each, our total bill including tax and tip came to about $220. Even though that's still pretty pricey for dinner, we thought it was a fantastic value for what we got. Definitely a very memorable birthday dinner and one of the best meals of my life!
5	One of our favorite restaurants in Vegas!  It never disappoints.  We've been there about 10 times and it keeps getting better!When it first opened, the tasting menu was $75 and we jumped on it.  Now I believe it is a little bit more and still worth every penny.  But we went a lot more when the restaurant was trying to get started.  Happy to do our part!  If they have the lobster carpaccio, get it!  It is delicious!  People seem to like the quail stuffed with foie gras.  I'm not a big quail fan so I stick with the hanger steak, which is delicious.  It comes with mashed potatoes which are more cream and butter than potato, but really, really tasty!  Last time we were there, we had a caramel dessert with pop rocks in it.  Pop rocks seem to be the new thing and sometimes it is overdone (I saw pop rocks and foie gras once on a menu... ugh).  But this was really, really good!  I highly recommend it if they have it.  The pop rocks really explode and make for a good time.  Just don't drink sparkling wine or champagne with it... your stomach will explode!  Ha ha!  Just a little pop rocks joke there.The service staff is very consistent and nice. They have almost the same staff from when they opened 5 years ago.  Kawaki is the best!  He remembers us every time we are there, which has to be tough because we only have the time and funds to go about twice a year now. Even if he is not our server, he comes by to say hello and chat. Make sure you make reservations and sit at the main bar. You can't get the whole experience unless you sit at the bar.
5	Delicious!As my final dinner in town and after a long conference I gifted myself the Winter Tasting menu. Service, presentation, and flavor were all excellent. Not being a big fan of fromage, one surprise was the triple cream cheese. It was really good, I need to go buy some now. The experience is everything you'd expect from one of France's most decorated chefs. As a bonus, chef Robuchon himself was in town that week and greeted his patrons towards the end of the evening. What an honor!
5	This is definitely a place you have to try if you go to Vegas. We ordered the tasting menu and a hamburg.  My impression is almost every dish has foie gras. It is ok for someone like me, a foie gras lover, but , to someone like my husband who cannot stand for the flavor of the foie gras, I am not sure whether he/she will enjoy the meal, at least my husband didn't really enjoy the food, even though he likes the place as well.
5	This ranks as one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas. Maybe my favorite period. Friends and I all did the tasting menu. Every course was incredible: The flavors were complex yet subtle and we all wanted to practically lick our plates clean after each course. I remember there was plenty of foie gras which is never a bad thing. The wines were also fantastic-- the sommelier really helped us out and took his time finding bottles that would match up with the wide variety of flavors going on. And then there's the atmosphere, which is really modern, sleek, and cool without feeling too trendy or pretentious. The service was of the caliber of the best restaurants I've been to-- very impressive. I can't believe this is like a "step down" from Robuchon's flagship next door. I honestly have trouble imagining how amazing that must be. Oh, and while this dinner wasn't cheap, it felt worth every penny (I can't say the same for my dinner at Alex the night before).
2	First off, I'm not one of those two star reviewers. You know the kind: "It cost so much!" "I don't get the food, I like hamburgers." "This place is too fancy, so here's your one star." That's not me. I am a foodie. Check my other reviews for proof. So, given this disclaimer here's my two cents on L'Atlier...One word: Half-assed.Pre-game:Our group of nine ate here this last weekend. I made reservations in advance. They required a $75 reservation fee (non-refundable and not applied to the meal) . That's a first. And because we were a large group we were limited to tasting menus only. Fine. Ain't no thing - this place is #2 on Yelp. I'm excited! I love food!The experience:We were smashed into the wall. There was not enough room to get into our seats. Once the table was moved so all the ladies, in their lovely dresses, could shimmy in, they were trapped - the whole meal - full bladders and all. The service sucked. They already had their guaranteed 20% gratuity (because of our party size). So, we endured a meal full of empty glasses, missing silverware, and a wonky table.The Food:Average. We had two vegetarians with us (the restaurant knew about this ahead of time) and when the amuse arrived they were served foie gras mouse. You can't take the time to whip them up a gazpacho shooter? Two of the courses (in a row) had the same pesto sauce. Not a big deal, but the primary components were so bland all you could taste was pesto. "Sir, for your fist and second courses this evening you will be having pesto." Come-on! Most of the dishes were one note. In general the meal was uninspired. In summary:We left disappointed. Michelin should revoke their one star. I know it's harsh, but it's truth. Do you hear me, Bibendum?
5	If you are looking an entry door to haute French cuisine. believe me this is the place you should go. Why? first it's one of the multiple Restaurants of French Cuisine Emperor Chef of the century Joel Robuchon. Second the menu is filled with options One Menu for Small Tasting Portions, the Second Menu a la Carte with bigger Portions and the Menu "Decouverte" it's a Tasting menu composed for about 9 Course. Every time I have the Opportunity to go to Vegas I make reservation for LAtelier the place is gorgeous with Red and Black as it's main colors and an upper casual atmosphere that is fantastic for enjoy with friends or with your girlfriend. The wine list is fantastic there are a lot of options from great part of the world and the service is always good With Emmanuel as General Manager and Steve Benjamin as Executive chef being at LAtelier is always a winning bet, the foie gras ($36) is the best in Town I like the Canard ($60) its a complete duck experience with duck salad, roasted duck and foie gras, The burger ($32) is a nice experience and the steak tartar ($32) is prepared old fashioned with french fries by side, take a look at desserts which are Fantastic I love the white chocolate surprise. L Atelier de Joel Robuchon a slice of Paris in Vegas!
5	Similar to Alice entering another world by simply falling walking through the rabbit hole. Or John Mayer singing about his ladies "wonderland"s. As soon as you walk into the doors of L'Atelier you feel as if you are emerged into a colorful kaleidoscope, a seemingly whole new world. The shockingly colorful display of: shaved carrots, sliced cucumbers, bunches of on- vine tomatoes, and other produce set the frame for the ironically steely cool heartland, the kitchen. The colors of the produce are so vibrant that one can easily come to the conclusion that L'Atelier uses only the finest and freshest of ingredients.There is no crap here.The kitchen is somewhat somber and serious. Yet it is open and visible to almost every seat of the intimate restaurant. The numerous stations within the kitchen boastfully display; an army of methodical perfectionists that seem to express themselves not through emotions but through the bravado of flavors of each plate. The counter that serves as a moat keeps the regular people patrons at bay, and only seats about 20. The other seats in the establishment are geared for larger parties. But no worries, grab a seat at the counter and enjoy the show.L'Atelier amused my mouth with a lovely foie gras with a port wine reduction and parmesan foam. The decadent, flavorful, and savory amuse bouche rolled off my tongue like butter.We then moved onto a surprisingly refreshing buffalo mozzarella with vegetables. Basil, zucchini, sweet sundried tomatoes with spears of basil pesto.Our next course was quail stuffed with foie gras and truffled mashed potatoes. (This was an additional dish not included in the $75 winter tasting menu).Deep fried langoustine with basil. The paper wrapper was fairly thin and crispy so if I were you (instead of a fork and knife) I would opt to pick it up by the toothpick and stick it in your mouth pronto.Hanger steak with onions. Be aware that L'Atelier cooks their meat the exactly the way you ask for it. My steak was a bit too rare for me.Did someone say cheese? Fromage!The sorbet and ice cream selection. Variety of tarts and cheesecakes to conclude our meal.The highlights of my meal: foie gras parfait, mozarella and vegetables, quail and foie gras, langoustine, and tarts.The executive chef, Steve Benjamin, reminded me of the Queen of Hearts. Luckily L'Atelier has 4 AAA Diamonds and a Michelin star to back it up. L'Atelier, your kitchen is a wonderland.
5	I dined at L'Atelier a few days before New Years, 09, and it was fantabulous.  I had the Discovery Menu, and have not a complaint for anything served to me.  My favorites were the poached baby Kussi oysters in the most fabulous butter sauce, the scallop in seaweed butter, and l'anana, which was the pineapple/tahitian cheesecake dessert.  YUM!  I had the venison as my entree, which was a first time for me, but I very much enjoyed.  I must say though, it did have a very game-y, interesting flavor, so if you're not a *REAL* carnivore you might want to avoid this option.  Overall, this was a wonderful meal, I ate alone and sat at the bar and enjoyed every minute - especially being able to see the preparation process for each plate.  Next time I go I will probably have the tasting menu again, as I was comfortably full with the 9 courses served.  Or maybe I'll have the tasting menu and a couple.... ahem.... of a la carte items.... :)
5	Phenomenal...I had the spring tasting menu and was absolutely blown away by every plate. The ambiance is very cool, and the counter service is great. Sitting at the bar allows you to watch the sous-chefs painstakingly prepare each plate. At times we were amazed by the amount of time and effort that was put into making the plate "look" just right. This was a great experience, and I look forward to eating at Joel Robuchon's flagship restaurant next door.As for the food:The foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam was perfect and a wonderful start. The langoustine fritter was the most decadent item on the menu, and disappeared way too fast. The pork belly was cooked to perfection and the best I've had to date. The Sea Bass was elegant, but not nearly as rich as the rest of the menu.The frommage plate was great, but I wish I had saved roomand everything else was great, but not quite as memorable.Although pricey, it was worth every penny.  I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas.
4	I love that his restraunts are side by side. It gives us a oppurtunity to taste the diversity of his food. It is a beautiful restraunt and great service.
5	The food was amazing. Every course is an overachiever. Each one melts in your mouth like nothing you have ever tasted, leaving you wanting more and  allowing plenty of room for the next. The open kitchen allows you to watch your delicacies be created. The flavors of every meticulously crafted piece are so ingenious, each bite pleases on every level: texture, flavor, scent, sight. One can really tell that all of these senses were considered and tuned to perfection in making the menu.I look forward to the next time I am in Vegas!
4	The "little brother" or "workshop" of Joel Robuchon next door -- by no means a bargain (well, only if you compare it to the $350 tasting menu next door!)  But worth it.  Of the "small plates" we had the veal cheeks with vegetables and the fresh anchovies arranged in a perfect rectangle on a bed of eggplant with graduated sizes of onion rings arranged kittycorner across.  Entree we had stuffed quail stuffed with fois gras.  The absolute bargain is the $14 cheese plate, generous tastes and the best part -- raw milk soft cheeses!  The waiter told us that it was technically illegal in the U.S., but they have a supplier.  We've tasted "lait cru" cheeses in Montreal and Europe, but alas, never in the U.S.  (hard cheeses, yes, but not soft.) You might wonder why I'm raving about the cheese, but raw milk cheese is very special.  U.S. bries taste like butter in comparision.The only cloud in my coffee: be prepared to sit at the counter.  There's only a handful of tables, for larger groups.
5	L'atelier means the workshop (In French). If you can sit at the kitchen counter you can see the kitchen in action. The food is delicious and the service is amazing. NOT a cheap place. The wine list is good too.A very memorable dining experience...If you have even more money, you can eat at the Joel Robuchon next door.. he is an amazing chef...But I really like the open kitchen atmosphere. It is amazing to see how the kitchen works.....
5	I STILL HAVE YET TO EAT ANYWHERE BETTER THAN L'ATELIER DE JOEL ROBUCHON.I mean there is the Mansion by Joel Robuchon right next door. But let's talk about L'atelier for now.When I first walked in I really didn't know what to expect. The kitchen is right dab in the middle of the restaurant. So my friends and I sat by the bar. Service was a complete 10/10. The waiters do not skip a beat. Everyone works together and food is up to the minute. I didn't know what to order really because I was knew to this whole fine dining experience. I just went with the Menu Decouverte. It was $135 and my knees were buckling BUT I can tell you this. I don't regret spending ONE RED CENT. So here is what I ordered:for my L'amuse Bouche I had cucumber gelee with tarragon and cumin yogurt.Blue Fin Tuna with tomato infused olive oil, scallops cooked in the shell with seaweed infused butter, egg cocotte with mushroom cream, light chestnut veloute with carmelized foie gras and crispy bacon, slightly smoked salmon with confit potatoes, free range quail stuffed with foie gras with Robuchon's infamous Pomme Puree (his version of mashed potatoes) They simply melt in your mouth and is the equivalent of eating butter and a Hanger steak with fried shallots.for dessert.. i went with the sheep's milk yogurt panna cota.For the best chef in the last decade? I definitely would make it a point to put this restaurant on your TO EAT list.
5	As every time in Vegas I experienced lAtelier and it Was Fantastic. A lot of options a la carte and Different Tasting menu one $75 (Spring Menu) and the Fabulous Decouverte $148. But being honest I Like a la carte. This Time I had the Foie Gras ($36) definitively Worth it! creamy and delicious over crispy bread it's quite heavenly then I had Le Jambon ($59) it is an Spanish ham called Pata Negra which is the best ham in the world! after that Le Caille ($28) Quail stuffed with Foie Gras its a Robuchon Signature Dish! and the Guinea Hen ($36) Roasted for Hours, crispy outside and Tender inside, after La Tomme de Brebis A fantastic sheep cheese for a great French Finale! Always a Pleasure and Still the Best Restaurant in Vegas the service is Great Congratulations Emmanuel, Harley, Sergio,Oscar, Namyd and All the Team Thanks!!!
4	WOW!  Eating hear is truly an experience.  Part dining, and part art show.  You know it's going to be different the minute you walk in and see the modern piano black, chrome, and red decor.  Sit at the bar and watch all the action.  Part of a new trend (at least, for me) where the chefs double as servers.  They didn't offer the $75 tasting menu when we went.  Instead, we had to get the much more expensive 10 course Discovery Menu.  It was worth it.  Be prepared to sit for awhile, like at least 3 hours.  Not a good place for a pre-show dinner.  This is an event all its own.     Each course creative and well thought out.  Functional art.  Not only good to look at, but real delicious food.  The complex flavors and textures  always leave you wanting more.  Of course, I didn't love all the dishes.  But, that's the best part of a tasting menu for me.  I get to try out as much of the restaurant's menu including some things I wouldn't order if I was limited to a few courses.  The Discovery menu is quite adventurous and includes: foie gras in three different courses, oysters, dover sole, lobster, and smoked salmon.  We also ordered skirt steak off the a la carte menu, which was my favorite.  The simple things are done so well.  For example, the best part of the foie gras ravioli in warm chicken broth with herbs was not the ravioli, but the perfectly balanced chicken broth.  It was, hands down, the best broth I have ever had.  I wish I had gallons of this stuff.       I could never justify getting the Discovery menu again but I will definitely go back for some a la carte items if I'm ever near the MGM Grand.  This is a definite must for adventurous appetites who appreciate food that is artfully and painstakingly prepared for taste and presentation.Note:  Not a good place if you go with a party of more than 4.
5	I'd give L'Atelier 4.5 stars. It is truly one of the top 10 restaurants in Vegas, and one of the most unique fine dining experiences because of the casual setup of sitting at the counter, watching the head chef call out orders in French and the other chefs working away. The decor is very appealing - black and red throughout, with a dark sexiness to it but also touches of color. I love how they use food as an integral part of the design. Service is terrific. When I saw that the $75 prix fixe menu entrees had changed from what was online from cod to salmon, I asked our server if they could still do the cod, since I'd had salmon the night before. He checked with the chef and said no problem, even asking if I had a preference of preparation. The 5-course $75 prix fixe was terrific - foie gras parfait amuse bouche to start, then veggies with mozzarella, langostine fritter, cod or pork belly entrees (my dad and I shared both), cheese plate, and ice cream and sorbet sampler or tart sampler for dessert (again, we shared both, but if you can only pick one, go for the tarts!). Each course was fantastic! While still a bit pricey, the $75 deal is great considering normally your only options are to order a la carte at $20-30 per dish or to order the $148 per person tasting menu. I'd rank L'Atelier behind my other two fine dining experiences in Vegas, Picasso and Mix, but it's still one of the best meals I've ever had. Take advantage of the $75 deal while you can!
5	There was really no option. Its a no brainer. When you are someone that rarely goes to such great lengths to appreciate great food other than seeing it on TV or meager attempts in the home kitchen, the tasting menu must be the way to go. The restaurant, with it's long bar, pin spot lighting and perfect elegance was beautiful. The service was impeccable, professional, and bend over backwards friendly as well. The courses were perfectly executed and wonderfully timed. A thought occurs in the back of your mind that you are finished thinking about the last course and a curiosity emerges as you wonder about the next. Exactly in that moment, the next course arrives. Uncanny. My biggest difficulty was trying to take small bites and savor. All my life I have been a shoveler so this took considerable effort. I would definitely go again but who can eat like that every night? Answer: Large people.
5	This place was really soooooo very good.  Wow!  First, you sit around the kitchen at a bar. It is awesome! It is just like a sushi bar, but not sushi!  It was so much fun to watch them cook and put the dishes together.  We had the $75 tasting menu. A splurge...but a good splurge.  The amuse was good, although I don't like foi, so I am sure foi fans would be raving about it.  The first course was this lovely veggie stack.. The anti-eggplant only meh when it comes to veggies even loved it. Second course was a langostine -- it was a fried yummy treat.  Then the entree (salmon or pork belly). Next, really tasty cheese.  And then dessert.  Oh the dessert.  We had a choice and so we got one of each between the two of us. The tarts consisted of about 10 little slivers of 10 different tarts.  So awesome!! They were soooo good.  And the sorbets were 5 scoops of 5 different sorbets!!  Also so good.  What a gem!
5	I was really excited to come here. I love to eat and I have been to Vegas before so I wanted to try something new and definitely go with something more upscale. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday , and we decided to have the 10 course tasting. It was awesome. I had never had fois-gras before but I was open to it (which was good b/c it was in 2 courses) but huge bonus points for asking before if there were any dislikes/sensitivities. The food was delicious, the staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable. For those not interested in a prefix menu, the have ala carte items too. I liked everything so much I would be hard pressed to pick just one but the lobster in tomato butter was perfectly cooked, the foie gras ravioli with Thai basil was soo tasty, and their bread is exactly what bread should be. If you go, I would definitely do the wine pairing with the meal. They have some really great selections, and I loved being able to watch all the action in the kitchen                                 In short, I will definitely be back.
3	Sorry fans, L'Atelier didn't live up to the hype. Yes, I agree it's very enjoyable sitting at the counter watching the chefs at work, it really was food as theater. But when the beautiful food reached my taste buds they were sadly disappointed.We opted for our own selection of small plates instead of the tasting menu because there were a few options that I knew we would not like. Just a personal thing, I like neither salmon nor pork bellies.First the bread came out. Good, but nothing special. Then an amuse bouche was served. Others have described this shotglass of foie gras, port wine reduction, and foam topping as flavorful and savory. I thought it was tasteless and murky. My wife made a sour face and put her shot glass on my plate. We weren't the only ones who didn't enjoy this as we watched each new set of diners who were seated near us do the same thing: take a taste, make a face, pass it to their partner. Next we had the Mediterranean vegetables layered with buffalo mozzarella. Again a pretty little stack on the plate, but rather bland. Extra credit for the basil reduction that decorated the plate. Very tasty.King crab on a turnip disc looked great. We watched the chef assemble this with what appeared to be tweezers because the turnip discs were so paper-thin. Again the problem was with the taste, as in there was no taste to it. The crab piece was so small in this creative presentation that it added no flavor. What did taste good? The onion tart was light, flaky, and sweet.Maine lobster in a ring of macaroni and a light cream broth. Excellent presentation with the penne pasta standing up in the broth like a stockade fence surrounding the lobster pieces. The broth had great flavor. Enjoyed dipping the bread in it. Foie Gras ravioli. The ravioli had a very smooth taste that filled my mouth with wonderful flavor and washed down well with the excellent chicken herb broth. We passed on dessert, but they brought us a sample tray of 5 treats as a way to wish us a happy anniversary. Each one was terrific, and saved the night for us, or rather for me since I picked this restaurant. So why do I rate L'Atelier less than 5-stars? I expected the best and didn't get it from every course. Also service was less than stellar. Why would they start to take away plates without asking if we were done? This same person took away our bread before we finished our entree without asking if we were done. May seem like a minor thing, but again not what you would expect from a Michelin-star restaurant.Two other nit-picky things that just added to the irritation of the experience: If diners are expecting to watch the chefs at work, why do they have tacky decorations blocking the view? I mean jars of beans and rows of fruit that don't even look real. The couple next to us had a giant bowl of glass beads in front of them so they were straining to look over or around it. Even the waiter had to reach around it to serve their food. I mean, what's the point? Clear the view! Second item, we sat near the sliding door that separates the dining room from the casino. Every time they left the slider open, we suffered with a cold breeze and a blast of noise from the casino. Maybe they should enclose the hostess stand to give the casino more separation and eliminate the draft?
4	Ok, first off, this is not cheap food. In terms of value, it's expensive any way you slice it. Worth the money, the jury is still out. The $32 soup was nothing special but the quail and veal were the best I've had in a long time. In summary, the food is at least as good as the best restaurant I visited in Paris recently (that was a Michelin rated). If you're in the mood for French food, stop by here. It's probably the best French food on the strip.
3	My friend reserved Joel Robuchon for a Friday night dinner. (By the way we arrived around 8:45 and didn't leave until 12:45 am)  It started out well by MGM having a limo pick us up at our hotel to take us to the mansion entrance and walking into the MGM casino to the restaurant. We were seated and asked what kind of water we wanted. Someone ordered some champagne and we started our experience. Unfortunately, there was a miscue after miscue.  The bread person didn't offer bread until we almost finished our 2nd champagne glass each.  We ordered the 4 courses but we didn't care for the soup so we opted for seafood. The first course was a crab/caviar dish. Delicious. The food experience was exceptional.  The chef is a genious. Unfortunately, the timing was out of pace. We got the first, second courses, waited a little more for 3rd course but the final dinner came later and it seemed they kept forgetting something that they went back to the kitchen 3x before serving it all to us.  My friends had the duck but one of them got it served cold.  They gave us some extra desserts because we were celebrating our friends 35th birthday.My friend provided the manager some feedback and he/she did try to reduce our meal charges for the timing and service hiccups.I would probably go again considering the food was delicious, but I hope the timing and service will be better next time.
5	# 100 :DOn my last trip to Vegas, I tried profusely to make reservations on the MGM website for L'atelier, but failed!   Three Michelin Star Chef Joel Robuchon's L'atelier is beautiful and sleek, filled with black and bright red accents, and colorful fruit and vegetable shape decor.  I needed to go! Since I'm not eating at the Mansionuntil I win the lottery, I was determined to eat at L'atelier! So, we walked right up to the hostess and demanded to be seated right now or else!  And it worked!  Yah, right. I don't want to be blacklisted forever from Mr. Robuchon's world!  He holds the key to the Mansion.We waited about an hour and half for a seat at the bar. I thought we were going to be treated like second class citizens, who sits at the counter at a French restaurant?!  It's because we're yellow! I know it!!  I know it!!! But, I was wrong! It's the best seat in the house! At most fine dinning restaurants, I always feel like a 8 year old kid wearing her mommy's dress, heels and makeup, looking ridiculous, sitting nice and straight, drinking water with her pinky up, pretending to be an adult.  The bar seating at L'atelier created a world of unpretentious fine dinning, removing the stuffiness out of fine French restaurants yet creating warmth from the close proximity of the chaotic cooks working together to provide delicious meals and fellow foodies taking in each dish with all their senses. In fact, I was able to have greatconversation with my neighbors about their food and get recommendations as they were eating. I had to stop myself from grabbing my fork and stealing a bite of their food.  After our 15 minute conversion, don't I know you well enough for you to give me a piece of steak?  Pretty please??I was overwhelmed with the menu and since I had been donating $$ to casinos all weekend, I went with the summer prix fixe menu for $75 instead the discovery menu for $149. It included:Amuse-Bouche! - foie gras with port reduction and form Parmesan served in a shot glass. I took a spoon full and closed my eyes as the salty Parmesan, foie gras and sweet port hit my palette and partied in my mouth.  Loved it.  Les Legumes - Layers of tomato, eggplant, zucchini with Buffalo Mozzarella and dabs of Basil puree on the side.  All the vegetables were well seasoned.  Each layer of vegetables brought a different dimension to the dish. I loved the tomato confit. It was very sweet and tasty.La Langoustine - Crispy Langoustine Fritter with Basil Pesto.   Tissue thin fried batter wrapped around a sweet Norway lobster. Yum.  It was nice and crispy. Although, it tasted 100 x better after I figured out that the micro-salad had a purpose other than decoration.  One piece of La Langoustine + a few piece of micro salad + a dab of basil pesto = a good favor combination of fresh, sweet and crispy.La Porc Fermier - Braised Pork belly with confit sweet onion.  Very sweet melt in your mouth pork belly. The mashed potato was really tasty.  I can taste a heart attack waiting to happen.Les Fromages - Blue cheese, Creamy sheep cheese and Camembert.  Although, the cheeses were awesome quality, I thought that this was a filler, so I don't leave starving.  I would have rather eaten something else. I wanted to try the traditional tarts, but they were sold out. So sad!  So, being difficult, I petitioned to substitute the assorted sorbet for the La Framboise - fresh raspberry inside white chocolate sphere, yuzu ice cream. It was a little too tart for me, but the sweetness of the white chocolate combined with fresh berries and the distance flavors of yuzu ice cream created a very distinctive unique flavor.I loved my meal and my experience.  It was a beautiful window into Mr. Robuchon's world and # 100 worthy and cost about that much too.
5	This Review reflects the $75.00 tasting Menu As a novice when it comes to French, I was feeling a mix of intimidation and eagerness as I approached L'Atelier for my 5:00 reservation. All patrons present  dressed pretty casual, no shorts of course, but no one in a sport coat or fancy cocktail dress. That relieved me as I'm certainly not big on dressing up, especially in Vegas. I had heard about the opportunity to try a Robuchon establishment at a bargain price and had to jump. So the adventure began. Seating is counter-style. You face an open immaculate kitchen, where just two feet away your meals are prepared . The care, attention to detail, and skill are on full display here. It was awesome to watch! As soon as we were seated we were presented with, as others have yelped "the most amazing french baguettes ever". They were delicious! I wanted to steal a few as every time we finished these mini treats off they were replenished. I ordered a drink and read the menu. It was a no-brainer as I opted for the $75.00 tasting menu and went with the Pork Belly, although I was tempted by the other two choices: Salmon and Rotisserie Chicken (which was being roasted and basted before my eyes).  Now it was time to chose a wine, which was a bit of a bummer... The selection is fantastic, but the prices were HIGH. A decent half bottle of wine was north of $100.00. But, really, if you're going to come to L'Atelier it would be a shame to go cheap on the vino. I went with what my waiter recommended: a 2005 Merlot which was about $125 for a half bottle. The Amuse Bouche was a shot glass of foamed port wine, with foie gras topped with a delicate Parmesan foam, it was delicious and stimulating. Next up was a selection of grilled vegetables served chilled with a room temperature buffalo mozzarella, it was delicious. The vegetables were perfectly seasoned and when served chilled the smokiness of the grilling contrasted with the sweet refreshment of the produce. The mozzarella was pure balance, a little salty but creamy and mild in the mouth. Now was one of the superstars-- Buchon's famed langostine lobster, dressed in fashion-model thin pastry. It was a specimen of a langostine-- about four inches long and shaped like a small football, The shellfish inside was seasoned with a touch of herbs and lemon olive oil, melted butter, white pepper and a dash of something I'm guessing was white wine or champagne vinegar. Heaven on every small bite. The delicately sauced superstar glides smoothly around the mouth. Fork dropping for our party, with many "oohs" and "wow's" to spare.  At this point I'm starting to believe the Robuchon hype. I'm having a moment here. This is one of the most delicious plates I have ever experienced. I don't want it to end, so I take my time and when it's gone I cringe. I want more.With such a moment before, I'm worried that the entree might not live up to the spectacular moment I had with the the lobster. My pork belly arrives, a petite piece, in a small sauce covered with a compote, it's it's a whiff of intensely sweet and smokey onion to my nose.  I was a little disappointed with the size of the entree, it looked like I could swallow it in three bites. The mashed potato side was about two tablespoons. At Robuchon the nose and eyes might tell a story,  but the tongue is a documentary. Each small bite of the pork was sensational. Like a Jimmi Hendrix solo, the flavor explodes in beautiful, yet overwhelming directions. My senses were rocked! The potato, mashed scientifically through a mill, was simple and delicate, with a touch of cream and carefully incorporated mass amounts of butter. BUT BACK TO THE PORK BELLY---  It was so rich that after finishing I reflected on how GENEROUS it truly was. It was outrageously good. Amazing, delicious and simple. I was in heaven. Out of this world!The cheese course was mild, and a great respite from the rich entree. I have a feeling the cheese were paired with our wine selection, a perfect way to finish the bottle!With dessert you are asked if you would like the ice cream or the tart, if you're a party of two or more mix it up the selection. I'm not going to throw down any spoilers here, but dessert is just as special as the other courses. Invincible! Highly Recommended.Parking/Tram: Very accessible, short walk from either. Price: for the $75.00 menu, our party of four ended up with a $400 check, after wine, water, and coffee plus tip so HEADS up! We're not drinkers, but if you order a few cocktail and premium wines, the check will expand. Service: Impeccable. Friendly and professional, highly personable and friendly, and spot on with timing. Standard setting.The tasting menu lasted about 75 minutes. I will remember it forever!
5	World-class top notch dining experience. My party and I had the "Discovery Menu" for $150 each. Very interesting menu items, and I can't describe the flavors, but they were all very rich. The meal menu took about 3 hours to go through.It's a good experience to have at least once.
3	The hard thing about rating this restaurant is that the menu changes so frequently.  I give this one 3 stars because the exquisite wine pairing and friendly service.  The price vs. quality of food is good for 75 and 5 courses, but I think it was kind of lacking in the creativity and journey.  The l'amuse bouche was excellent and quite the dish.  The other star of the show was the pork main dish.  It was reminiscent of samgyupsal with a French twist.  The wine that the sommelier chose with it was excellent!  The other highlight for me was the digestif chosen.  I'm not sure what it was called, but I believe the translation was "slap me in the face with an apple". It was so good I had to have another glass.
2	I know that pretty much all restaurants in LV are surrounded by casinos so there for where ever you go it'll smell like cigarette smoke, BUT seriously this was the WORST smelling restaurant because thats all I smelt.  For an expensive restaurant you would think they would have some sort of ventilation system going on but they don't.  Portions where waaaaaaaaaay too small and service was not attentive!!!! Our service was as plain as our server...joe
5	I cannot rave about this restaurant enough. Fantastic! We did the $75 tasting menu at the counter - like some others I thought sitting at the counter was a bit weird at first but I quickly adjusted to it. Beautiful dark interior. It was a lot of fun to watch the kitchen work together (so quietly!). Now, I have to admit I was a little hungover from a previous night of hard partying so when I saw the foamy amuse bouche arrive and our server describe it - fois gras, reduced port wine and a Parmesan foam I thought I was going to lose my lunch. But then I tasted it and had to admit it was pretty good. The vegetable napolean was delicious, as was the crispy appetizer. I had the salmon for my main course and then following the cheese; the tart assortment. I could go on and on about the tarts... Delicious! I kept looking from the tarts to my husband and back to the tarts asking, "are these all for me???" I was like a kid in a candy store. Spectacular meal. Will be back next time for the full tasting. Tres bon!
5	hands down right now...  My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The room is fabulous.  Very sleek.  If you sit at the counter, you can view the chefs at work in the kitchen.  I have been twice.  The first time i had the short summer tasting menu - but it was a tad rushed because i had a flight to catch. The second time, I went with 6 of my friends and we all had the longer tasting menu - i think it was called L'Exploration or something.  and we did a wine pairing.  the somelier can pick and choose a wine pairing based on your price point.  it was amazing.  Every dish was tasty.   Its been a while but my highlights were langoustine carpaccio, stuffed quail, and his extreme buttery mashed potatoes that come in a mini creuset.  There are so many more...  I highly recommend a tasting menu!  :D
5	We went here over NYE weekend this year. I had the tasting menu with foie gras, lobster carpaccio, Kussi oysters with osetra caviar (see picture), pig terrine, see bass, venison and dessert.  It was very tasty. The Kussi oysters with Osetra caviar was the most amazing oyster I have ever tasted in my life.  The liqueur that oozed from the oyster tasted of the ocean.  I will always remember the oysters!!  Everything was very tasty. We sat at the counter and I recommend that you do the same so that you can watch the cooks prepare each dish.  I really want to try Joel Robuchon (next door) but I'll have to wait to save up before doing so!  BTW, we sat next to an elderly millionaire who owned a floor of the new city center complex, and he bought dinner for a couple who had just eloped in Vegas. Who knows, maybe you'll be as lucky?
4	Make reservations for this place, it gets pretty busy.  If you're lucky and come before 6:45 pm, they have a 3-course tasting menu for $39.  Portions are quite small, more like tapas.   My only complaint about L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is the set-up fee for parties of 7 or more ...$50 non-refundable--doesn't go towards your meal or anything..  In addition they charge $200 deposit to make a reservation on top of the 18% gratuity.L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon's restaurant is very sleek and modern.   The kitchen is open so you can see what they are preparing.  We ordered the 3-course tasting menu...very good price!! as well as the foie gras stuffed free range quail and cheese platter. The quail was amazing along with the truffled mashed potatoes.  It was melt in your mouth delicious.  The tasting menu had asparagus soup which was simply amazing.  It was simply light and refreshing.  The cheese platter was not that great and way too expensive for 4 cheeses that's an inch thick.  Atmosphere: Excellent decorFood: Excellent (Quality over Quantity)Service: Fair (waited too long for our check--20 minutes)Price: $$$$--$100 per person including 1 bottle of Rose
5	This is definitely in my top 3 favorite dining experiences ever.  I opted for the $150 tasting menu, but they had other prix fixe options starting at $40/head.   Their a la carte dishes seem to range from 20-50.  In the tasting, I enjoyed almost every dish that came out.   The only dish I thought was mediocre was their signature quail and foie dish which seemed dry and overcooked.  For the most part, the dishes kept getting better as the tasting menu progressed.   Service was attentive but not over bearing.  It was definitely at the level you expect in this class of restaurant.   The atmosphere is more casual than most fine dining restaurants in this price range which I view as a positive. Given how bad the economy is, I was able to easily make a reservation a couple of days before.  I was surprised to see the restaurant pretty full on the Sunday at 7:45 when we were done dining.I still may have to try Joel Robuchon at some point.   However, I will definitely be back to L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon on my next Vegas trip.
1	The Emperor Has No ClothesReally people, how long can we keep singing the praises of this place?! The food was fine, but...We had much better in four other Vegas restaurants of similar reputation, caliber and price point.  The service was HORRIBLE...we had better at the Denny's.  They were inattentive, uninformative, and ungrateful.  From the hostess, to the back waiters, to the waiter they all had the demeanor that they were doing us a favor by allowing us to dine in such a rarified location.  To call it arrogant and rude would be an understatement. The timing of dishes was ghastly... it completely removed any possibility of enjoyment.  Our amuse-bouche was a Foie Gras/Parmesan foam creation.  A  great idea, except that every other dish on the menu was Foie Gras something or other...was there a special at Costco?  As we watched the diners around us trim huge amounts of inedible fat from steaks and have Lilliputian portions of overpriced items placed before them we had to wonder if our fellow diners were seeing the fine fabrics of the Emperors clothes or if indeed "The emperor was naked as a jaybird".  Save your hard earned, or won, money and dine elsewhere in Vegas.  Try B&B at The Venetian or Morels @ Palazzo...they were both truly happy to have us there and cared about the food and experience.
4	Truly an exemplary dining experience. L'Atlelier is sort of tucked away in the MGM Grand. The restaurant's atmosphere hits you immediately. The kitchen is centrally located, the lighting is moody and the smell of the wonderful food inundates the senses.  The staff is very attentive, they focus on the details.Seating is...interesting. My dc (dining companion) and I were seated at what is basically the bar. I was a little concerned at first, I was thinking they sat us here for a drink then we would get our table. Certainly not the case.The placement was great with the kitchen being open, we saw the amazing meals being prepared. Also, it was fun to watch the interaction; seeing people work with, through and around each other. Quite the orderly chaos.The menu itself can be somewhat shocking, price wise I mean. This place will give your card an intense workout. The prix fixe options weren't to our liking, so we went with individual items.A few highlights:The Spaghetti: My initial thought was "How can a high end place like this offer spaghetti?? Well that was dashed when I tried the first bite. Served with chopped pork bellies, this was an absolute treat.Le Foie Gras: Foie gras ravioli in a warm chicken broth with herbs. I'm not sure I put into words how amazingly succulent this dish was. I don't have much experience with foie gras and this dish had me clamoring for more.Also, they have Chimay Blonde, on tap, for $7. That's cheaper than a CB in Atlanta. And they give you a healthy pour, which is nice. Probably the cheapest item on the menu.Our server was a rockstar, always prompt and certainly answered our questions without hesitation.Highly Recommended.
5	As an adult, I often reminisce over the experiences of my youth, my  first kiss, the first time I went to a concert, or heard my favorite band. The rush, the excitement, the innocence of it all. It was invigorating. As we grow older, and learn more and experience more, there are less "firsts". Eventually, it seems, most of us become stuffy critics who seem to lose the ability to appreciate.  This was my first truly amazing fine dinning experience. I make no claim of even knowing what i am talking about, but, I can say that this was the best meal I have ever eaten. Surely, that may change, but I will never forget my first. I came with my beau. We both ordered the prie fix summer menu, with the wine pairing.  The meal started with a poached quail egg a'mouse bouche. The creamy yolk mixed well with the other ingredients. I've had quail egg before, but this was the first time I was able to appreciate the rich flavor. Next,  les legumes, an assortment of Mediterranean vegetables, roasted, then cooled, piled between buffalo Mozzarella, and some sort of basil cream reduction something. It was delectable. The crispy wrapped langoustine, and a basil pesto was served next.  The langoustine was cooked to perfection. We found ourselves drunk on wine and giddy over the food, often giggling in disbelief at uniqueness of each dish. We ordered off of the small plates menu -  le cebette,  an onion pastry with bacon and asparagus - i believe my port had made it out by this time, as the entree was next. It paired well with the savory onion flavor.For the main dish, I had the braised pork belly with confit sweet onion, and mashed potatoes. This was by far my favorite dish. I kept  re-creating the experience and flavor in my head on the ride back from Vegas. It was immaculate. The sweet onion complimented the park belly in the most exquisite way! These plates were small, ut by the time we finished our main course, we were almost full. we were served plates of imported cheese next, with three artisan breads. After that, the desert, an assortment of flavored ice cream and sorbet - the pistachio was my favorite. During the meal, we sat at the bar, and were able to watch the chefs prepare the food. The decor is modern, and there are fresh vegetables and food on display. The restaurant is dark, small and intimate. I would definitely go back. expensive, but worth it!!!!
2	I came here for a birthday party in June and I expected a lot more coming from this name. Maybe it's because we went with a large party of over 10 and we had to get the tasting menu so it wouldn't be confusing. EVERYTHING had foi gras, including the dumplings, soup, every course. The dessert might as well had it too. The ambiance is really really small with only a few tables and a bar seating area so you can watch the chefs prepare your meal I suppose. I definitely won't want to check out Joel Rubuchon The Mansion if this one was not up to par.
3	I was quite disappointed by the food here and was expecting much better from a Michelin One-star restaurant.  Especially after reading all the rave reviews and seeing how this place is near the top of the Yelp Las Vegas restaurants list, I was expecting a Gary Danko-like experience.Alas, it was not to be.I came here last weekend with a group of college friends, and we were MUCH THE EXCITES for the foods!  Tip: If you want the 3-course prix fixe, you must book a reservation before 6:45pm.  We all ordered the 3-course L'Unique dinner for $39.Here's a recap of our experience; aite, here we goes:+ The decor was BOLD BOLD BOLD.  Bright reds against a dark black background.  Very sexy colors.  The centerpiece at our table was a bunch of vibrant red roses.  HOT.  Like a lot of things in Vegas.+ They gave us two baskets of bread, each basket containing like seven or eight giant pieces of bread.  The bread was FANTASTIC.  It made my favorite Ratatouille-Crunchy-Bread Sound!!  When you squeeze, it makes the sound!!  Crusty on the outside, soft on the inside.  Perfect with some butter.  Two of my friends and I each DEVOURED 3+ sticks of bread EACH.  It was AMAZING.+ Our three courses came all at once, on a giant plate.  I got king crab over semolina for my appetizer; tender veal and mashed potatoes for the main entree; and some type of peach custard thing for dessert.  Rundown of the froods:- Semolina was a bit bland, and DIFFICULT to eat!  3/5, I think.+ Veal was a bit on the salty side, but tender and fell off the bones!  Yum!!  The mashed potatoes were a good complement and helped to lighten the saltiness of the veal.- Um, the dessert was just WHACK.  It was like something I'd expect from like Quickly or some other cheapass Asian dessert place.  It was like custard/sago with the very strange addition of POPROCKS in there.  Uh, what?  Yeah.  Do not like.  Half star!  That dessert does not belong in a restaurant like this!  Crappy Asian dessert house, maybe.  Definitely a no-no here!  I think the dessert alone brings down the review one star.  And then the mediocrity of the appetizer brings it down another half star.  The final half star is taken away because the entree, though good, wasn't knock-your-socks-off spectacular.  My friend got the halibut for her main entree and was also not impressed.Overall, disappointed with L'Atelier, but hey it seems like a lot of people loved it so maybe I just might have to make another trip here and order the $75 five-course menu to get a better taste of the other items.  It was overall sort of meh, but still good enough that I'd come back and eat.  The bread alone is worth it.  I'm a greedy carb eater, and I CHOMPS the BREAD!!Anyway, much luck to you if you eat here, hope your fooding experience is much the awesomes!  Or at least better than mine.
3	Many fine dining restaurants in Vegas resorts seem to be having recession specials right now, so we decided to take advantage of a $39 prix fixe menu L'Atelier is offering. We found out that they stop serving this particular pre-theater menu at 6:45pm. We were running late, and got in closer to 7pm, but the chef still accommodated us. The three course meal was served bento box style, with even the dessert on the plate. I can see how this is a convenient wham, bam, thank you ma'am option for people rushing to catch a Vegas show. I ordered the king crab and cous cous appetizer, osso buco entree and peach panna cotta dessert. While everything was tasty, portions were definitely on the small side, and nothing that blew me away. It wasn't the quality you'd expect from a Joel Robuchon restaurant. Service was pretty mediocre as well. Just because L'Atelier is the more affordable and trendy alternative to its sister restaurant, it doesn't mean it shouldn't put out excellent food and service too.
4	I ordered their $150 tasting menu and it turned out to be an interesting journey for my taste buds. It is on the pricey side. But I think it's worth to give it a try.The service was just OK. It could be better. It wasn't as attentive as other experienced. Maybe we were just at the wrong time of the night. It took them really long time to bring us bread and water that night. (*argh*). Food quality wise, when it's 1 star, it's within the expectation. Only a few items from the tasting menu really impressed me and gave me a great surprises. However, it doesn't mean the remaining items weren't delicious. They tasted good - but it's not like going to wow you after you had been to various fine dining restaurants. I enjoyed the open kitchen and seeing the action in the kitchen. :D Will I go back again, probably not since I just realized L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon has a place in Hong Kong as well (and there are so many other places to try in Vegas - I guess that's why it has the $39 menu eh?!).
3	This place did not impress me for a Michellin 1 star restaurant. Service was eh and I expected more from the atmosphere.We ordered the $39 menu so I'm not sure if I would've given this place 4 stars if we went with the other tasting menus. The appetizer was a avocado mousse with white asparagus (it tasted just like guacamole so I was kind of disappointed). For my entree I ordered the beef carpaciao. My friends ordered the halibut which was quite tasty. I thought it was a bit awkward to serve beef carpaciao for an entree, it was good but I regretted ordering it. Then for dessert I ordered the chocolate tart - good but not over the top good.The best part was the bread, crunchy on the outside and chewy soft inside. I ate two pieces, and would've eaten one more if it wasn't so full of carbs!I wouldn't come again, but next time I want to go next door to Joel Robuchon. It was closed that night, not sure if it was because of the economy.
3	ok...so i ordered the l'unique 39 dollar tasting menu because i had a show to catch at 6:30..just because it's only 39 dollars does NOT mean the food should just be OK. Any good chef should be able to produce good food at any price. this is why i love thomas kellar and wolfgang puck. they make amazing food at any price range from 7 dollars to 500 dollars...anyhoo. the server was a jackass and incredibly rude. the food was all right. pretty underwhelmed. yes...presentation was amazing and the servers were very anal about presentation. but food was ok...had the tomato gazpacho...pretty good, not amazing. i got the sweetbread ravioli which was REALLY good, but everyone else at the table got the halibut. while the foam with the halibut was really good...the actual fish was soo chewy...i had to drink massive amounts of water to swallow it when i ate a piece of someone's fish. i was expecting the portions to be small but i was surprisingly full at the end. the dessert was good but again, not amazing. for 40 dollars, i could have gotten an amazing meal at bouchon...but what the hell...i figured i should try l'atelier. i would come back maybe to try the 75 dollar tasting menu or 150 dollar one...but if the server was as shitty and the food as underwhelming, i would never go back again...it's really saying something when the best part of the meal is the bread...
5	Sit at the bar, do the tasting menu with wine pairing, marvel at the food preparation, and sit back and enjoy some of the finest food on the planet. I've also dined at L'Atelier in Tokyo and had a similar experience. Biggest take away experience from my last visit - the cream, butter whipped potatoes - certainly a cholesterol nightmare, but man, total nirvana. There are tables off one side of the bar, but to me the experience of this place is sitting at the bar (in Tokyo there is only bar seating at the Roppongi Hills location). The tasting menu here varies and it's always an adventure. We are going back to Vegas in October '09 and L'Atelier is on the list of place to dine. A true five-star experience.
5	Love it. Love it. Love it.Food: 9/10Atmosphere: 9/10Creativity: 10/10Service: 10/10Booked a reservation for two via the internet the day before.  I got a reminder call in the afternoon and confirmed.  But, they couldn't promise me a table.  We walk in 25 minutes late and couldn't get a table.... so glad we didn't.  Sit at the counter and you will have fun watching the chefs work their magic.  I look at the couple on our left and i see the waiter pouring a hot liquid over a white sphere.  The ball melts away to a raspberry surprise.  That presentation alone got me excited for this meal. The wife had the five course tasting menu and I choose three delicious items from the menu.  Everything was perfect.  The wine pairing was perfect.  The wait staff timed every dish with precise and perfect execution.  My favorite dish was the poached egg over a hidden piece of toast accompanied by asparagus and Serrano ham.  Try the sliders too....only a food addict can appreciate the foie gras and beef on a bun.  A must!  Everything was great on the tasting menu except for the wonton wrapped langoustine.  Too much of the deep frying oil remained in the wonton and the dish didn't have that  creative kick that all the others did.
4	Service was wonderful (it did help that I knew the vice-GM).  Atmosphere was contemporary with a focus on the kitchen area where you can watch all the makings of the food.  The bar-type setting was original and functional.  Be sure to make reservations, especially on a weekend.  I had the summer prix fixe menu for $79 and a glass of champagne (which I forgot the name).Amuse Bouche - Foie gras w/ port reduction and form Parmesan served in a shot glass. 10/10: I've never had an amuse bouche that wasn't delectable, but I wanted thirds and fourths servings of this particular one.Les Legumes - Layers of tomato, eggplant, zucchini with Buffalo Mozzarella and dabs of Basil puree on the side.  7/10: This was my least favorite dish, yet it was still enjoyable.  La Langoustine - Crispy Langoustine Fritter with Basil Pesto.   9/10: The textures involved were smooth and stiff while well balanced.4th dish - Can't remember the dish, but it had beef (I want to say some type of hanger steak) and mashed potatoes.  9/10: The mashed potatoes were buttery, rich, and creamy.  It's actually the best mashed potatoes I've ever had.  The beef was well seasoned and very juicy.Les Fromages - Blue cheese, Creamy sheep cheese and Camembert.  9/10:  I wish I could savor the cheeses fully, but I was already borderline full by the time I reached this dish.  I love cheese and L'Atelier was very close to representing a variety makes of cheese with only three types.Sorbet Selection - 8/10:  By this time, I was was pass full, but I did try to savor each sorbet.  I believe there were at least 6 different types.  I remember one making my face wrinkle due to the level of tartness.  The company I came with had the traditional tarts, which were tasteful and also had a very acidulous tart.I would definately come back here when visiting Vegas.
3	3.5 Starsmaybe i ordered the wrong thing, i'm not really sure. my pockets weren't deep enough to try everything i wanted to on the menu. the dishes all cost a pretty penny or two. it's fancy and service is great but almost too formal. i don't think our waiter laughed or smiled once, kinda like a robot.originally, i planned to order the prix fixe menu for $39 but the choices didn't seem appetizing. instead, i ordered the La Caille (Fois gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled-mashed potatoes) and a Martini. The drink was "meh" and the quail was shockingly tiny. i was expecting more than its legs. they were smaller than fried chicken waaaangs. i knew french portions were much smaller than american. i even asked the waiter how big it was and he made it sound like it was a decent dinner portion. ah well, i got duped. i thought the quail was a little dry and the fois gras was tasteless. i was expecting exquisite food. i mean it's joel robuchon! the chef of the century according to top chef and wiki. i wanted to taste magic! *sighs*i sampled some of my friend's plates and i really enjoyed their dishes more than mine especially the La Cebette (White onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus) and Le Porc Fermier (Braised pork belly with confit sweet onion) from the 7 course menu. my mistake was having very high hopes for this place. honestly, i really didn't think it was worth the $$$$, IMO. i'm glad i tried it. maybe next time i'll go next door. =)
4	Unable to get last minute reservations at Joel Robuchon (go fig), we opted for the cafe next door. I had the Discovery Menu - a 9 course meal of modern delight:From the lobster carpaccio to the foie gras ravioli, I thought everything was excellent except for the John Dory - which was bland and dry, and the steak was just mediocre. I wasn't totally blown away, but my favorites would be the kusshi oysters, and the foie gras ravioli in chicken broth.At $148/pp - it was worth a try, but I'm not likely to go back. It was definitely neat to watch the chefs at work in the open kitchen. I'll be sure to make my reservations at JR way in advanced next time! Tip - let them know if it's a special occasion, like your birthday, even if its not- they'll top off dinner with a wonderful array of decadent desserts!
5	I first experienced Joel Robuchon in September 2009.  Unbelievable, unbelievable food!  From the beginning until the very end.  First off the dining experience is wonderful- open kitchen and you can interact with others around you.  We started with the crispy langostine- perfect, light and crispy.  Then the mini sliders- this was a 2 biter that I took 6 bites to savor each and every bite.  THen I had the lobster in a creamy tomatoe broth-  This was one of the top 5 restuarant experiences I've ever had!!!  YOU NEED TO GO NOW!!
5	Where do I begin? The experience was amazing. The ultra chic black and red lacquer bar is fun to sit at and look into the open kitchen as they prepare ever so carefully every morsel. No, Really I watched the salad chef check every lettuce leaf and then the sous chef who was expediting the meal criticize her work enough she had to start over. If was a "Gordon Ramsey moment". the 9 course meal was delicious and full of surprises. joel robuchon is culinary giant. I'm going to save my pennies to get to his restaurant in Vegas then take out a second mortgage to go to his restaurants in Paris.
5	We were not able to get reservations next door at Joel Robuchon, so we ended up at L'Atelier. No regrets here -- one of the best meals of my life. Cuisine is modern French -- traditional ingredients mixed with international flavors, and all dishes were executed skillfully. More than a meal, eating at L'Atelier is an experience -- be sure to get a table at the counter to watch your dishes skillfully prepared in front of you in complete silence.1. Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam -- the first of three foie gras servings of the night, this was presented in a small glass. Savory and creamy, the port wine added the neccesary tartness to contrast the richness of the foie gras. B-2. King crab on a turnip disc with sweet and sour sauce -- two large bites of an extremely high quality (blue?) crab meat; left me wondering how they made the sauce taste so good. A-3.   Sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil -- one of the best courses of the night, a single scallop that was packed with intense flavor due to the coating of micro-chives. A-4. White onion tart with smoked bacon an grilled mushrooms -- very soft and creamy, almost pancake like. B+5. Duck foie gras with confit quince and yuzu -- the sweetness and tartness of the quice and yuzu was the most perfect fruity pairing with foie gras that I've ever had. A-6. Dover sole fillet, baby leek and ginger -- perhaps the only miss of the night for me, but I'm not a sole fan. Fish was dry and flavorless, however the toppings were great (but not enough). C+7. Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled-mashed potatoes -- their signature dish, do not leave without trying it. The cremiest mashed potatoes you will every try! A+8. Peach confit infused with Moscata d'Asti, apricot milkshake -- the first sweet course, this was fantastic (and I don't even like peaches or apricots), with crunchy white chocolate covered corn flakes throughout. A9. Chocolate cake cremeux layered with espresso ice cream and toasted almonds -- the second sweet course, also good, left me wanted some more of the cake. B+Finished with espresso.~$380 for two with tax and tip (excluding wine).
4	Food: 4/5Ambiance: 3.5/5Services: 4/5Prices: $$$$ (avg 100/person)I believe this is the first Michelin Star restaurant in the USA that I have eaten since living in the USA from 2004. Another restaurant that i think is Michelin worthy is "da Marco" in Houston, TX.This is definitely the IT crowd, the decor is very contemporary & stylish with fresh cuts carrots, cucumbers and what not submerged in water  in different sizes of the jars display around the open kitchen... My partner & I were seated at the counter by the corner just when you comes in from the entrance. Its narrow and a bit too close to your neighbor to be gossiping about other diners ;-) There are 3 choices - the Club (Fall Tasting) 5-course Menu $75/pax, the 8 or more course menu for $148/pax and of course the ala carte! The appetizer and entree average from $25 and above... if you have the money, go for the ala carte, otherwise, check out the well worth Club Menu like us as the first timer! Eventhough the portions are small but by the time you done with your desserts, you are just right! But dont expect the "American" size stuffed till your neck stuff ok...We started with a glass of Rioja, always a great wine. Then the amazing culinary experience begin as follow:L'amuse bouche - Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam. By far this was the best tasting and utterly amusing little teaser i ever had. They gave you a spoon to scoop the parfait slowly enjoying each layer of it...Soup - some sort of pumpkin cream soup. Again, perfect texture with sprinkles of spices and sunflower seeds.La langoustine - Crispy langoustine fritter with basil pesto. The perfectly boiled langoustine wrapped in some sort of wonton skin & deep fried. My opinion, the basil pesto sauce for dipping is redundant, its too bland, could have been better if they mix a tiny bit of mustard in it. Nevertheless, I wish i can get more... if you order ala carte, you get 4 of these yummy fritter!Entree - We chosed the salmon over rib eye. Very decent size, nicely seasoned and grilled salmon. Unfortunately, with all the amazing taste from the previous dishes, this entree tasted too "normal", nothing special but still great.Cheese - 3 very strong French cheese plate which i cannot remember what's what! Again, i'm more of a gorgonzolla, camembert, rocquefort kinda guy.Dessert - 4 small pieces of Chef choice desserts. I was too stuffed to really enjoy the rich, chocolaty desserts.I would have given this 4.5 Stars if the entree would have been kept the same par with the previous dishes... But still, this is a well worth visit and if i ever go back to Vegas, I will definitely check out the other restaurant and have a proper table sitting instead. Some may say, this is just another hype partly due to the "Michelin" thingy. I used to think the same but from my eating extravaganza around Europe, some of the Michelin place is definitely over-rated and over-priced but some are truly genius and deserve the accolades, Joel is one of them!
5	So curious to finally visit the internationally acclaimed line of restaurants by the chef with the most Michelin stars ever and instead of being disappointed by the hype like I often am, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Cost to worth it rating: 3 (quite expensive, but if you do the tasting menu it's on par with other fine dining/Michelin-starred places) Eve award: best amuse ever (shot glass of foie gras parfait with parmesan foam) Highlights: - Setup: relaxed counter seating like at a diner but fancified version with fine dining food--love the concept since I love high quality food but could do without the stuffy formal atmosphere that often comes with - Redefines a dinner show: you're looking right into kitchen which is amazing live entertainment for a Top Chef watching foodie like me. Loved watching the precision in the process of one of the best kitchens. It's crazy they aren't allowed to talk to each other which so not like you see on TV (or read about in Anthony Bourdain) with those yelling chefs - Different levels of menus: from a small set all on one plate to a 4 course and a 10 course - Don't all have to do the same menu: awesome option for the hub and I as most places insist on the whole party being in synch and complain about timing discrepancies, etc. - Unique presentations: amuse was served on a lava rock, pumpkin soup in a martini glass in a circular vase with fall accents - Scallop with chives: never had this tender preparation before--more delicate fish-like texture than traditional seared style - Onion tart: sounded so simple but was almost like a small pastry disc of a sauceless pizza with bacon and hearty mushrooms and shavings of amazing cheese - Sole with baby leeks: light yet substantial and purely delightful - Hanger steak: melt in your mouth with fried shallots delicately placed on top - Dessert: quartet of tarts (including snickers and passion fruit) were scrumptious, but the real star was the peach confit infused with moscato d'asti in an apricot milkshake--unexpected and refreshing sweet dish - Service: excellent and professional, easier for them to be around more with the smaller space to work. All of the staff was happy to chat as well as simply present the food and disappear for a more pleasant well-rounded experience. - Wine: when I inquired about a wine plan, the waiter served few glasses to work well with multiple courses - Teppanyaki: when I've been in fine dining kitchens I don't remember seeing one of these long flat cooking areas so I found that interesting Lowlights: - Overwhelming when you see a la carte menu prices for appetizer size items around $40--go for one of the tasting menus instead - They don't advertise wine pairings so I had to ask about it and they did have one to offer LOVED this meal--best I've had in a while with every course being fantastic. I'd be more than happy to return--soon. :-)
4	Small place, and we had to wait 40 minutes despite our reservation.Service was excellent, Food was even great.Did the 9 course tasting menu. Nothing was bad... there were a few items that were just ok or good, but some of the itmes were so amazing I can't even describe it.The Foie Gras Stuffed Quail, the seared foie gras with quince, the pumpkin soup, the eggplant and mozarella amuse bouche, and teh braised beef cheek were unbelievable.
4	Went here for a Saturday night dinner. Had reservations, seated quickly. My party decided to go with the club menu ($75/person). The dinner started with an amuse bouche, a small glass of creamy soup. The exact ingredients for it were unknown due to the server's thick accent. We then started the actual menu with a pumpkin-ginger soup with creme fraiche. Comforting and warm, despite not being a huge ginger fan. Next was a crispy langoustine fritter with a basil pesto. Good, but it seemed like a tempura shrimp in a spring roll covering. I did finish it, but it did not scream to me fine dining other than the basil pesto streak on the plate. After that, next was the main. The option was a beef ribeye or Scottish salmon. I had the salmon, which was well made and well presented, but could be finished off quite quickly. It was served with very rich mashed potatoes. A lot of butter in that side. Fourth course was a cheese platter with three types of cheese and breads. Most of my party was not very interested, and the waiter even admitted that the cheeses were "kind of funky" (highlight of the night). I finished off most of the cheese, and it seemed like a fairly typical fine dining dish. Final dish was dessert. I ordered the tarts, which included five small slices. All of them were quite solid. Overall, everything was technically well done. The portions were not huge, but it is Michelin-style fine dining. My party was full by the time we walked out, but in a couple of hours, we were getting hungry again. For the artistry and number of dishes, the club menu was fairly satisfying. I'm not sure I will come back here because I honestly feel like I could have similar dining experiences in numerous fine dining restaurants. Food was good, service was good. But nothing was divine.
5	If ever there was a culinary god, his name would be Joel Robuchon. This guy is a freaking genius. I bow down to him.My BF and I came here the other night and boy were we glad. We didn't get the tasting menu since we stuffed our faces the night before at Michael Mina. We opted for a la carte items and were very satisfied with our choices. -------Started off with an amuse buche of foie gras with cheese foam in a shooter glass. Effen amazing! I never knew foie gras could taste so good. Foie gras ravioli in warm chicken broth with herbs was my favorite dish of the evening. Tiny pockets of delightfulness all wrapped up. OMFG. I am still dreaming of them. Maine lobster in spicy broth shaved lime and corn was delicious as well. I liked the kick it had, but then again I like most of my food fiery. This was my BF's fave dish.L'Atelier style spaghetti was up next and it was quite filling. This was basically spaghetti carbonara and it was creamy, yet not overpowering. I also like the tiny pieces of ham. Very tasty indeed. I chose the salmon with crispy potatoes and a side of mashed potatoes for my entree. It was good, but didn't really stand out as the best salmon ever. However, the mashed potatoes were so buttery every single bite I took made me feel my heart thump harder. It's all good, the BF polished them off for me.He had the foie gras stuffed quail and truffle mashed potatoes and boy was that heavenly! The quail had such great flavor and seriously melted in my mouth. Wow. We had 2 glasses each of the German Riesling. Very good as well. The service was attentive and knowledgeable as well. I absolutely love this place! Dinner was $250 before tip, so make sure you bring someone special! I can't wait to come back. This was simply orgasmic, in the culinary sense. PIX- http://pandaliciousforme.blogspot.com/2009/12/latelier-de-joel-robuchon.html
3	$30+ for tiny, tapas-size plates of food, albeit delicious food. $50-$60 for "entree' size portions that aren't much bigger. I'm giving it three stars because I knew what I was getting myself into and I wasn't suprised when I got the bill. The restaurant itself is nice...everything red and black. We sat at the bar and watched them cook, which is the whole idea of this place.  The food is good, but the value is horrendous. If thi is suppoed to be a more 'caual' dining experience, then they need to knock 25-30% off the prices at least.
5	I won some money in the casino... I knew I wanted some food that would make my soul happy. I needed something to awaken my interest in food. I came to L' Atellier (No, I cant pronounce it) I am a foodie and a chef, inspired by Chef Robuchons work I knew I had to come here. I went for the Lobster fritter as a started which was amazing. THe most perfect piece of lobster I have ever eaten. I had the tasting menu where I chose the Halibut. THe Plating presentation was exceptional and the fish was cooked perfectly. The desert with pop rocks on top was a delicious surprise. I ask even if you know nothing about food, if you have the extra cash, or you come up a little in the casino, invest that money into a meal you will never forget. Be sure to dine with a loved one. (Or, being Vegas, a rented loved one.)
5	If you are in Vegas, then def call up L'Atelier and reserve a bar seat for before 6:45. Why 6:45? They have a pre-theater menu for $39. Three courses served at once for a cheap price! (you will be pleasantly full and still make it to your Cirque du Soleil show!)Why bar? Because unlike most bars, if you sit in the bar area, you are actually looking at the kitchen. W00t for seeing chefs carefully prepare your food. . . . sort of reminded me of Pixar's Ratatouille!Why L'Atelier? they have really interesting and strange things, such as ham from a pig raised on acorns. . . I never knew there were only acorn eating pigs!!! The previous time I went, the dessert was sago topped with peach slices made into a rose and POP ROCKS! They are creative and use very unique ingredients. The food does tend to be a little smaller portioned than we overindulgent Americans are used to. However, the french baguette here really is the best I have ever had, and will have you reaching for your 5th one before the end of the meal. (I am a HUGE baguette fan: Once ate an entire one as a 3rd grader. . . yes. . . it did result in a tummy ache.  .)All the food is prepared excellently and beautifully.  The meat is never tough and always juicy and flavorful! Though be forewarned, if you do order anything steak or duck, ask for a steak knife! The regular knife, while being beautiful is less useful for eating food than a letter opener. At these prices and with this ambiance you should come, relax, enjoy, be amazed and return often :) Dress code: don't need to dress too formally, dressy casual is totally acceptable!Xmas eve pre-theater menu choices:Appetizer - Beef soup or Vension something that looked like spamMain- Salmon, John Dory, Calamari, and Scallops with veggies, or Duck with daikon and mashed potatos. Dessert:Mini yule log with mushroom shaped meringue concoction- which truly was amazing.Creme Brulee
5	We both had their tasting menu. They catered to my vegetarian needs with a special 4 course menu for $105. My hat is off to them as it wasn't part of the menu. In the end I had 6-7 dishes, all as delicious as the previous one was.. and also as beautiful. A modern twist on French Cuisine with incredible flavors and presentations. I went in not really knowing what to expect and came out on a cloud, wondering how I'd ever enjoy "normal food" after dining there. Indeed, some of the food here might make you want to pitch a tent outside the restaurant and make you want to live there forever.Some of the highlights of my vegetarian tasting menu:- The corn puree with white truffles: mind-blowingly good. I've never had such extacy and pleasure from a few bites of food. Who ever knew corn could be so god damn good?- The aubergine with buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes with pesto. They took food that classically go very well together and made it 10x better and more flavorful than anything else you've ever eaten. So good I wanted to lick the plate after. Strong flavors and beautiful presentation.- The chocolate/hazelnut dessert was to die for... again classical pairing of elements but taken to a whole new level in terms of taste and intensity.My wife loved her meal as much as I did.. really there were no weak points at all throughout our evening. Just one knockout punch after the other. An experience worth going for!!!
5	Technically 4.5 stars, but only because of some of the slacker-ness of our waiter.  The rest of the staff, however, and the food merits the full 5 stars.Overall, the experience was wonderful.  We had two seats on the side of the bar, which gave us a perfect view of the kitchen, including the Executive Chef, Steve Benjamin, banging on the bell when food is ready to be served, servers slicing beautiful pieces of Jamon Iberico from the stunning leg displayed on the side, and the different chefs preparing our food right before our eyes.  What's great too, is you can see if any delays are due to the kitchen or our server.  For us, it was our server Eric.  At one point Executive Chef Benjamin came over to serve one of our dishes and the head sommelier came to pour our wine since our server was MIA.  He was incredibly nice, but apparently a bit inept.  There was also the incident when he dropped a glass and a shard of it came my way...but, then again, he neglected to charge me the $30 surcharge for caviar, so all is forgiven =)Food and Drinks:We ordered a bottle of Veuve Yellow Label to go with the early dishes of the Discovery Menu ($175) and a wonderful Saint-Emilion Bordeaux to match up with the later dishes.-Amuse Bouche: Foie Gras Parfait with port wine and parmesan foam;  Intense, amazing flavors.  So rich and well-balanced.  Perfect match with the champagne.-Langoustine Carpaccio with toasted poppy seed dressing; the dressing was made of an exquisite olive oil, poppy seeds, a bit of pepper, and fleur de sel.  This was one of the best dishes! And, it was served to us and explained to us by Executive Chef Benjamin.  -Poached Baby Kushi Oysters served with French Butter and the caviar supplement.  The oysters were so rich and flavorful; i've never had cooked oysters before. The slight poaching brings out the oyster flavor, as did the osetra caviar.  There was an oceanic explosion in my mouth as I sampled that with the champagne!  -Steamed Egg in a Macaroni Ring with Black Truffles; This was my least favorite dish, although the flavors were good.  The egg yolk mixed nicely with the macaroni ring and the (very large!) black truffle shavings added nice depth.-Teppanyaki Duck Foie Gras with quince confit and yuzu; so rich, so perfectly prepared!  Again, a perfect match with the champagne.  It was so excellent but so rich, that I couldn't finish it all.-Dover Sole Filet prepared with Baby Leeks, crispy onions, and ginger.  The name of this dish is misleading.  I truly believe there were three full filets of Sole on the plate.  This dish easily was NOT a tasting portion and, sadly, was not finished.  It was very well prepared, with good structure and heartiness.-Here the hubby and I each got a different dish so we could taste each one; Venison with sweet and sour cranberry and chestnuts; served with the house specialty truffle mashed potatoes.  The Venison was divine.  It was one of my favorite things all night; perfectly prepared at medium-rare. I would want a whole dish of this. And, we had the Foie Gras stuffed free-range quail, also with truffle mashed potatoes.  The combination of the quail and foie gras was awesome.  The crispy skin on the quail balanced out the richness of the foie gras.  The nutty flavor of the truffles in the mashed potatoes was excellent.**I will say that, although I love Foie Gras, I'm surprised Chef Robuchon went the route of obsessing over the dish.Two desserts:-Hazelnut and Gianduja Crunch/Tart with Chocolate Ice Cream. Heaven on a plate. Rich, crispy, smooth. Thank you sir, may I have another?-Fresh Passion fruit in a coconut meringue; a nice palate cleanser; The combo of the crispy meringue with the passion fruit was nice. Compared to the previous dessert though, this paled in flavor and creativity.OMG. Somehow we ate most of this stuff.  Our palates were pleased, our bellies were full, our evening was lovely.  If I ran this restaurant, I would seriously petition Michelin for a bump from one star to two.  Perhaps it's the "casual" eating environment that stops them from granting L'Atelier two Michelin stars, but this place, to me, surpasses Picasso and is on equal footing with Alex as far as food goes.  It's not cheap, so don't go there and be cheap.  Order the good stuff, not the $39 menu, and you won't be disappointed.I think next time we might visit Mr. Robuchon next door, although I will miss Executive Chef Benjamin banging away on the bell!!!
5	Its official, I now qualify to eat at the big boy next door! That will be a later review, now on to this one... L'Ateiler is worth the $500+ price tag. Did I just say that? Wow I'm getting snobby, or maybe its not "getting". The experience was awesome from beginning to end. I'm going to focus on the highlights of the food but the entire Discovery menu ($175/pp; 9 course) was amazing. * Langoustine Carpaccio with toasted poppy seed dressing. It was served flat on a dish and to be honest looked a bit odd, but after my first bite I realized this may be the best dish of the night. * Poached Baby Kushi Oysters served with French Butter. I'm usually not a big fan of cooked oysters, however the combination of the oyster and our champagne was perfect. * Venison with sweet and sour cranberry and chestnuts, served with the house specialty truffle mashed potatoes. Venison is a challenging dish to put on any menu, especially a tasting menu. In this case it was prepared to perfection! The cranberries were not too overpowering and balanced the bold flavor of the venison quite well. * Fresh Passion fruit in a coconut meringue. I'm not a big dessert fan, but this was a nice ending after all of those intense flavors. The second most impressive thing to me at this restaurant was watching the action in the kitchen. The restaurant is very small, and typically I'm not a big fan of sitting at the bar, however it is a must at L'Atelier. The best way I can describe it is a "ballet with a bell"! Go and enjoy, you will know what I mean.
1	I was expecting a lot after reading the reviews here, but I truly feel robbed after eating here.  It's as if they sat me down, removed my wallet, took my money, and showed me the door.The food was decent.  I had the foie gras ravioli and the salmon main course.  The ravioli themselves were excellent, but the broth and spicy whipped cream were uninspiring and awkward respectively.  The salmon was cooked appropriately, but otherwise quite boring.  For a price of over $75 for those two dishes together and nothing but tap water to drink is robbery.  I never expect a bargain in Vegas, but this was violating.
4	My husband went here back in May of 2009.  I thought the food was interesting and I like that there's a lot of foie gras on the menu.  The food is pretty inventive and they really put a lot of effort into the details of each dish.  We did the discovery tasting menu and enjoyed a majority of the dishes.  On a more recent visit we went to Twist at the Mandarin Oriental (see my other review there) and I am compelled to compare them since I feel that both take a lot more chances in their food.  I think between the both I would say this is rated higher.  Again both restaurants were good but I don't think there was a dish here that I didn't eat but at Twist I did not eat at least 1 of the dishes.  Decor-wise I liked the open kitchen and the service was great.  I may or may not come back here since there's so many "old favorites" when we go to Vegas.
2	Joel Robuchon has 2 restaurants right next to each other and L'atelier is the more affordable of the two. They have a big counter surrounding the kitchen for diners with a few tables situated against a far wall. We were offered seats at the counter as soon as we showed up. We shared a delicious bottle of Bordeaux for dinner. We both chose the winter tasting menu, which can be viewed at the website. One food trend I don't really get is foams. Foams can be great but ever since I heard them referred to as resembling spit in your food, I have been more picky about seeing it on everything. The first course Les Moules was a rich soup containing mussels and croutons and topped off with, you guessed it, foam. I thought that the soup was tasty but the foam was unnecessary and I didn't like the texture of it with the soup. My husband disagreed with me and really liked the overall effect. The second course of langoustine was a big hit with both of us although I liked it slightly less than he did. For our main courses I had salmon and he had ribeye. Both dishes are served with pureed potatoes on the side. I thought that the salmon was cooked perfectly but the sauce didn't go with the fish at all and I had a hard time eating it. My husband's ribeye was perfect and delicious. The pureed potatoes were like eating pure butter that had the texture of potatoes. The cheese course was great. We each received a small portion of 3 different cheeses with bread and a small portion of greens.  For dessert we tried both the tarts and the sorbets and ice creams. Of the 5 frozen treats I enjoyed 2 of them, but many of them were half melted and I can't stand eating melted ice cream or sorbet. The passionfruit sorbet was out of this world! My husband absolutely hated his tarts and he said he was going to eat at French restaurants until he got a decent tart! During the meal we were surprised to see Joel himself appear from the kitchen and introduce himself to the party next to us.  We believe they ordered a very expensive bottle of wine as Joel soon asked the party to be served a complimentary bottle of champagne. The wait staff was very good, but I didn't like that they had to lean over the counter to serve us our food. Some of the shorter servers looked like their feet weren't touching the ground because they had to lean over so far! Also, our server got into a little dispute with the person who was a junior server right in front of us. We really enjoyed the drama but it was inappropriate in such an intimate setting. I don't like to eat in pretentious fancy restaurants. I just want to enjoy myself and eat delicious food. I felt like our waiter was a bit stuffy and cold. This restaurant was just over the edge of my comfort level. I felt that the food was complicated for the sake of being complicated and maybe in the process they'll fool people into thinking it tastes good. Overall, we were disappointed with this restaurant. Joel Robuchon is chef of the century but we weren't feeling it in the quality of the food we were served.  I have not eaten at a Michelin star restaurant before but I sure have had much much better food.
4	Went here in November with 5 of my friends.  Would have liked to sit at the bar, but it wouldn't have worked out very well with six people.  Instead, we got a table that was perfectly sized and shaped for a party our size.We ordered the 5-course Club menu, plus one of the small plates for each of us, served before the main course.Amuse-bouche, foie gras/parmesan cheese/port wine parfait:  Pretty tasty.  Creamy, with a really strong parmesan flavor.  I'm not really a fan of foie gras, though.  Served on a lava rock. Pumpkin/ginger soup:  Ginger apparently goes great with pumpkin.  It was perfect.  Served in a martini glass/mini-fishbowl combo, with some miniature squash.Langoustine fritter with pesto:  Probably my favorite dish.  The langoustine was perfectly fried, really tender and slightly sweet.  I would consider getting this a la carte, where it's available as both a small plate and a main course.Venison small plate:  This is what I ordered.  It tasted fine, but not really worth it IMHO.Sea scallop small plate:  A single scallop, served in shell, on a bed of sea salt, on top of a lava rock.  Great presentation.  My friend ordered this, and I had a little sliver of it.  Went very well with the seaweed butter, sweet, with a nice melt-in-your-mouth sort of quality.  My other friends ordered the foie gras and the foie gras-stuffed quail.  I didn't try either, but the latter was reportedly very good.Beef:  Beef cheek braised for 36 hours in red wine.  This was my main course.  It was flavorful, juicy, and ridiculously tender.  I liked this one better than the other main course, which was the salmon.  The main course came with a little dish of mashed potatoes, which were really, really creamy.  We tried to convince one of my friends that it was foie gras.  But we failed.Cheese plate:  Three really tasty cheeses.  It was supposed to come with some bread.  Unfortunately, the bread came out 15 minutes late, and only after we reminded the waiter.  The bread was really good, but unfortunately I had already eaten most of the cheese by the time we got it.  Oops.Dessert:  I got a plate with cutesy little slices of five different tarts:  Swiss, raspberry, lemon (with gold leaf!), "snickers," and chocolate.  Really liked the Swiss and chocolate ones.  The other choice was five cutesy little scoops of gelato.  I had some of the pistachio, which my friend failed to finish.  It was amazing and sublimely pistachioey.The meal also came with a large amount of bread and butter.  Wasn't a huge fan of the bread; it was in smallish, pointy rolls with a very high crust/inside ratio.  The butter, however, was amazing.The whole process took us four hours, from 8pm to midnight, when we decided to hit the MGM penny slots.  We broke exactly even.The bill for the six of us, including a $150 bottle of wine, was just over $1,000.  Putting it on my credit card was probably at least partly responsible for the credit line increase that I got the following month.Overall, the food was excellent, but it wasn't *that* special.  For the most part, the service was very helpful, except for a couple of hitches with getting drinks and bread.I liked that the ambiance was rather casual, considering the calibre of the restaurant.
2	The pre-theater 3-course meal was marketed as 15 minutes or less.  Wasn't sure what that meant.  Ordered it anyway because the other selections weren't appealing.  My dinner came entirely in 15 minutes.  All 3 courses on one plate!  Imagine my surprise to see my pot de creme next to my duck entree.  The appetizer and entree were excellent.  The pot de creme was lumpy and a little burnt tasting.  My waiter was unable to suggest a proper wine.Not what I was expecting from a 3 Michelin Star rated restaurant.
4	Forgive me as I am finally getting around to writing this review 5 months later. I would have given it 5 stars, unfortunately, the Fembot they called the hostess took that 5th star away...The reservation was for 7pm, we arrive at 6:45, thinking, ok, maybe we can wait at the bar or they can seat us early. We give our name and she looks at us and tells us,"come back at 7," she was a bit snotty, hence the minus 1 star.Once we entered the inner sanctum, it was pure heaven. The food was amazing.! We were eying up some potatoes at the seat next to us and I asked (cause I have no shame) if we could get a sample of those potatoes and they ended up giving us a huge portion of them! The pork belly, the quail eggs, the salmon were amazing!!!! My dessert consisted of a medley of ice creams, ranging from vanilla to pineapple and was the perfect ending to the perfect meal. We walked out, tummies quite happy. Sure, it was a bit pricey, but it was sooooooo worth it. If you're looking for a fabulous meal, deffo give this place a try when you're in Sin City, just be sure to get there at your reservation time!
5	Great fine dining experience.  Sitting at the bar is a must although, I didn't watch the chefs nearly as much as I thought I would due to great conversation with my fellow diners. It was a party of 6 which is a bit tough at the bar but still very enjoyable.  The server, Paul, was perfect!  He poured wine regularly and was there when we needed him and not intrusive.  The food was great.  We did order the steak tartar and no one really appreciated that.  The starter was crab and caviar.  2 of us do not enjoy seafood.  It worked out for the birthday girls we were with.  They do like seafood and got extra.  It is a 2 hour experience at least.  Also plan on a spending a month's rent.  Yummy and worth it. Enjoy!
2	I was competely expecting something more exciting for my first Michelin star restaurant. As such, I was underwhelmed. Granted, I only got to experience the "special" menu, which is a truncated version of what they have to offer. It definitely had highlights and lowlights. I enjoyed being able to see right into the kitchen from our seat at the bar.The bread basket was pretty good, and the waiters were quite attentive to everyone.The soup was some sort of cauliflower puree thing, which I did not like. The other soup, I can barely remember, but it was good enough.On to the entree, the sweetbread was yummy but the John Dory was boring and overcooked. I actually really liked the veal sweetbread and savored every bite.The creme brulee dessert was pretty good, so at least the dinner ended on a high note.In all, I think I wouldn't come back, especially since the normal menu is so much more expensive and the "special" menu wasn't too spectacular.
5	Stopped in for a light supper before seeing Ka.  We got sat right away without a reservation.  The few dishes we had were amazing! This is not for the bargain buffet binge eater but for people that love food and want quality over quantity.  The service was friendly and I love that you can eat while watching the chefs carefully prepare the food.
5	Wow...amazing. We went here not knowing what we were getting into, I had heard of the main restaurant but not this one and boy was I glad we went here. We got a few different dishes:Smoked Salmon with potato cake - The best smoked salmon I have ever had, no joke, so smooth, it just melts in your mouth. The potato cake was delicious, it went so well with the smoked salmon and dill creme fraiche, the three together were just fantastic.Langosten - Lovely, perfectly cooked, so tender and flavorful, lightly fried so the little crunch was great.Cheese taster plate - So good, I love cheese and these cheeses were amazing. A goat, a blue, and a few others, they were just so good I can't even tell you.Onion Tart - Good things come in small packages, this small tart is just that - so flavorful and the onion is just cooked to its peak, wonderful.Plus Drinks The service was exceptional. We sat at the "counter" where they serve you from behind it and they were really great about everything, explained every dish with such enthusiasm and detail that it made it a much more sensory experience, not just sight, smell, taste, all of them, it was great.Eat here!
3	Well...it was good.  Probably not something you want to hear from a $60/entree place.  The guys we met there criticized me for making a judgment in relation to price, but I'm sorry, for $200 per person, I believe a qualifier is valid.There's no question that the food was good, but I definitely wasn't falling off my bar stool without a purse hook under the bar.  Our server was very friendly and helpful, as I was completely undecided in what I wanted to get.  He told us that he would give us the 6 most favorite small plates on the menu.  I even clarified that I didn't want the most popular (I wanted to be a little more adventurous), but the 6 best.  He guaranteed me that he was on it.The amuse bouche of foie gras with parmesan foam was delicious and I settled in for a great meal.  The first two dishes that came out were the mediterranean vegetables and the langoustine.  Both solid, but, in my opinion, unoriginal.  The second two were the foie gras sliders and the oysters.  Again, solid, but boring.  The final two were the quail and the veal cheek.  You know how it goes...I was disappointed that the sweetbreads was not included, so I ordered it.  It was probably the best of the dishes, but not spectacular.  In fact, the highlight of my meal was the salty, delicious cheese that my neighbor didn't like and gave to me.  I know that sounds a little creepy, but that cheese was worth every bite!  I wish I knew what it was.I'm not sure what made Joel Robuchon the chef of the century, but I pretty much did a tour of the restaurants in MGM this week and this one was by far the most disappointing.  The food was worse at Wolfgang Puck, but I paid 4x the price at this one.  Maybe being chef of the century has made this place lazy, but it's clear that you're paying for the name over the experience.
3	I ate here for a girl friends bachelorette. We ordered the fall tasting menu which consisted of a 5 course meal. Our meal is as follows:Amuse - foie gras custard with parmesan cheese and pepperFirst - Pumpkin squash soupSecond - Zucchini mozzarella eggplant - ratatouilleThird - ribeye steam with mashed potatoesFourth - cheese courseFifth - a tasting of small french cakesMy favorites? the Amuse and the pumpkin soup, the amuse was absolutely amazing, I still think about it. I loved the pumpkin soup because it was served table side with creme fraiche. Everything just fit perfectly. THe rest of the meal was very ho-hum, nothing blew my mind. When they served us the steak it was literally a piece of steak on a plate. Not even a stupid garnish or anything - now I know I ordered steak, but you would think they would make it look a little pretty? It was just meat, straight up. The mashed potatoes that were famous? They tasted like the kind you buy in a box and put a crap load of butter into it. I did like it, but it was TOO rich, hence I couldn't finish it. Dessert was fine - your average desserts, nothing amazing. So why my 3 stars? minus 1 star for the food (standard fancy food fare) and minus 1 for the service. Our food came out at random times - not served together, I'm anal about that. If you're short staffed then at least bring it out one right after the other. I actually had to wait 5 minutes for my plate to come out after all my friends had theirs. They also didn't explain the food to the entire table but to the person they were standing closest next to, so we had to ask each other what we were eating. I won't be eating here again, not because the food wasn't good, it was, but because there are a million other places to try in Vegas.
3	Good, but not great.  I went here based on the reviews and wanted sooooooo much to love the place.  After all, it received a Michelin star... so what could go wrong, right?Well, several glasses of wine later and several hours later, I tried my best to enjoy their Discovery Menu, but just could not find the "wow" factor I was looking for.  This was back in Spring of 2009, so I will defer to other Yelpers around that time for the details of the tasting menu... and boy do some of them go into detail.Suffice it to say that I was accompanied by 7 other people that were also not blown away by the food.  Maybe it was a bad night, maybe I just need to realize that my expectations were too high.  Nevertheless, I must say, the service was fantastic and they did introduce me to unpasteurized French butter... which is phenomenal!  All in all, I probably wouldn't go back. After all, there are so many other places to go in Vegas.
3	We stayed at the MGM grand and Dan and I are foodies so we had to try something from chef Joel Robuchon. We decided to go to L'Atelier because of the pre-set menu, L'unique. I'm open so anything the chefs choose, I'm willing to try. The waiter was nice, maybe a little more smiles would be nice but he wasn't rude and was attentive.Sadly, I do not remember the names of what we ate but I do remember what was in it. Dan's appetizer was a Tuna Wasabi Tartar. This was simply delicious. I hate wasabi and can't stand it but when Dan gave me a bite of that tartar, I almost stole the plate from him. Dan's main course was a salmon and it was cooked perfectly and the sauce was well matched. Dan's dessert was a coconut mousse, it was good, but I only got a taste and I remember liking it. Overall, Dan's meal was delicious.My appetizer was a citrus poached egg in foam. The taste was strong it was good. It was a different way to eat an egg and it was good. My main course was a beef stew with a single slice of garlic toast(I'm not too sure what was on the toast) on top. The beef was over cooked and it was like eating Sandpaper. The toast just made the dish worst, I couldn't even take another bite. Dan tried all my dishes and he too was very upset about the quality of my meal. Then the dessert was an aloe vera with pine...I can't remember, but I do remember the taste. the citrus was so strong that I couldn't eat this and gave this to Dan who took it apart in order to eat this. Dan's Meal = greatMya's Meal = sadBread basket = wonderful, best part of the mealI would probably not go back to L'atelier but I would love to try Joel Robuchon. I'm going to say that L'atelier is a hit or miss and maybe certain dishes aren't right for some people. Go judge for yourself.
4	Best food ever tasted, too bad the service was terrible, It's like they don't care for their costumers at all.Try the beef and foie gras burgers with caramelized bell peppers, out of this world!!!
4	The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice, dim, trendy. Everything was black even the paper towels in the bathroom.I came here in January for a friend's birthday the entire group tried the club tasting menu. The food was superb. The amuse bouche was this shot of something with foie gras. Everything came out in artful presentations and tasted great. The langoustine was my favorite and everyone got to try all the different items on the menu since we all ordered different things. The starter was one of the yummiest with clams, don't remember what it was but everyone was asking for more bread to soak up the goodness :DHowever there was a "fine print" when the waiter asked us what we want to drink or something we said water, he asked us sparkling or distilled, we said distilled without realizing it was going to be added into our tab. After 2 bottles we started questioning cuz who wants to pay for water when you can drink tap for free so after clarification they refilled with tap water. I think it was a little unfair because we didn't know about the water and you know how vegas is, everything is expensive.
5	I think the rest of these reviews say it all. I had the Spring nine course tasting menu. The foie gras was insanely good, and my eyes rolled back in my head when I had the scallop with micro chives. I didn't have a bad dish. My new favorite restaurant.
5	Probably one of the best overall dining experiences in Vegas.  This place rocks simply because it's trendy and tries to be accessible even though it is fine dining at its best.  Definitely get a counter seat so you can watch the chefs prepare the dishes.  The detail that goes into each dish is amazing.I enjoyed the tasting menu and a few a la carte dishes as well.  The sliders w/ foie gras were excellent.  Wait, Virgina Y. only gave it 4 stars?  That's because you weren't sitting next to me girl.  :)  It is a little pricey but something you should try at least once.
5	Quite possibly the best meal I have ever had in my life.   The food, the atmosphere, the staff were all superb.  If I win a little extra money in Vegas on my next trip, I will certainly come back for an encore.  You will not be disappointed.
3	Definitely one of my best dining experiences in Vegas so far, which isn't saying much, since I've only had buffets). We had tickets for a show at 8pm, and ended up bumping up our reservation last minute to 530pm (when the restaurant opens) without a hitch.The atmosphere is definitely very trendy -- black lacquer countertops, red roses, clear hurricanes of colorful peppers, fruit & red roses around an open kitchen -- and despite the business casual recommendation, there were many people in jeans and tshirts as well. Atmosphere/ service: The countertop seating gives you the best view of the kitchen, and feels like a sushi bar. The waiters are definitely attentive, probably bc they can't escape you looking at them when your'e done eating.FOODMenu: There's a tasting menu, a smaller 5 course menu, tapas (about $20/ plate, NOT recommended), and traditional appetizers + main course menu. And also a theatre menu (L'Unique) with 3 courses all on one plate for $39, served in 15 min. We ordered the club menu, plus a tapas, appetizer, and dessert a la carte-- more than enough for 2 people. We enjoyed a half bottle of sparkling rose ($50, light and fruity but not recommended-- gave us headaches afterwards). Overall, the portions weren't huge but it was definitely very rich-- either with butter, cream, or heavily doused in olive oil. Such is French cooking, eh? (Actually, it was more Californian style than French, with the exception of a heavy hand in cream, butter, and olive oil in every dish.)Breaking it down: (updated from website; it's not posted there yet)1. Amuse bouche: foie gras, port wine reduction, and parmesan foam parfait. Salty, foamy, and well balanced, savorly bite to start the evening. Best dish of the evening.2. Mussels in a chowder: very creamy, also very savory and o3. Langosteen dumping with arugula/ spring salad - tasted like shrimp tempura, but the lobster was very tender; the salad was a pass4. Pounded veal - just OK5. Trio of goat, cow's,  and cow's cheeses (in order of robust to mild) served with walnut-raisin bread (best to eat on its own, or with a mild cheese), egg-walnut bread, and country bread (best with goat cheese). Cheeses were fresh, imported from France. 6. Five traditional tarts slices - chocolate (just OK), white chocolate with lemon sauce, pineapple filling & earl gray toasted rice crispies (the best of the 5), chocolate cinnamon ganache (deceivingly rich), raspberry (fresh and light), and Snickers (very rich, although an actual Snickers bar isn't hard to recreate :-P)7. Anchovy, red bell pepper, and eggplant  confit - must eat all ingredients together for proper seasonings and savoriness. Without the anchovies, the entire dish is bland and oily. Ample servings to share. I had to eat it with bread to balance out the oil.8. Seasonal vegetable salad - wayyyy too much olive oil; even after eating, we had 3 tbsp left of oil on the bottom of the plate. Seasonal vegetables = olives, endives, butter lettuce, and avocado. Definitely not to be ordered again!9. Sorbets and ice creams - refreshing ending. 5 scoops of mandarin orange sorbet (favorite), vanilla bean, coffee (both mediocre), raspberry sorbet (light), and pistachio ice cream (second favorite) topped with sugar crisp and 2 pieces of thin chocolate.Other information:- Our waiter informed us all the food was shipped directly from France, including the cheese. - Joel Robuchon makes his own bread (complimentary, bottomless bread basket with mini baguettes, country bread rolls, and buttery plain crossaints) bc "he couldn't find a good bakery in Vegas."- Still water costs $8 (Evian).- Reservations recommended, need to confirm 72 hrs in advance to secure- NOT for vegetarians or vegans - every dish has seafood or meat except the bread. - If you're allergic to shellfish, tell the restaurant in advance and they have some menu alternatives.Overall, 4.5 stars (rounded up to 5). Quite expensive ($260 including tax/ tip for the two of us) but worth the money every so often.
4	L'Atelier was definitely a unique dining experience.  We were seated at the bar upon arriving.  Being able to see the chefs work was a very interesting twist to our dinner.  All the chefs looked focused and did not chat with each other much, only enough to keep the well oiled machine running.  This was also the first restaurant (besides a sushi bar) where the entire staff works from behind the the bar.  That in itself is a very unusual site, especially at a fancy restaurant.The decor was is very trendy and modern with a lot of black and red colors.  There was a lot of Easter theme decorations (in a very classy way) around the restaurant.  Most of the seating is along the bar with a few tables on the dining floor.Service was also excellent.  Our waiter was very helpful and courteous.  The rest of the waitstaff was very professional as well.We tried the 5 course tasting menu which was very good but not great.  A few dishes stood out while the others were solid but not spectacular.  There is not much to complain about but I was not wowed either.  On a side note, their bread basket and butter is absolutely delicious!
5	L'amuse bouche - Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam - wow!  And the rib eye with the veal reduction -- Yummm.  Thanks fellow yelpers for a wonderful evening in Vegas.  It was an epicurean adventure. Great service and with lots of attention from the staff.
5	My husband and I ate here a couple months ago, and since it was our first time- we ordered the tasting menu... and it was heaven.The ambience is nice- we sat at the bar with a full view of the chefs working hard, perfecting their craft.  And the waiter was friendly, not overly attentive. The amuse-bouche was a fois gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam.  OMG... I had to restrain myself from licking the plate, it is probably the best thing I have ever tasted in my entire life. That alone is why this review is 5 stars.  It would probably be too rich and too much flavor for anything but an amuse-bouche, but it was the perfect way to begin this gastronomical adventure.ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS: king crab on turnip discSea scallop with chive oilDuck fois gras with confit quince and yuzuDELICIOUS: onion tart with smoked bacon and grilled mushroomDover sole filetFois gras stuffed free range quail with truffled mashed potatoes. The dessert was okay and it might just be because I was already stuffed from the 7 dishes prior... Grapefrut infused with prosecco, lychee sorbet,  chocolate cake with espresso ice cream.
4	their food is super super awesome. I do have to caution against eating too much foie gras for the night. I had the foie gras mousse compliments of the chef.. then an actual traditional foie gras and joel's specialty which is quail with its foie gras still inside. I had some other food like the tenderloin and the lobster dumpling, but i think i had too much foie gras. regardless, it was still SUPER good :)
5	Called chef of the century. I mean how can you not want to try it? My wife and I opted for the 10 course dinner. A couple of the highlights are the foie gras stuffed quail with truffle potatoes and the dessert topped with gold leaf. We enjoyed sitting at the counter and watching the team prepare the food. The technique. The attention to details. The staff was great with explaining the food as it's served. What a dining experience.
3	L'Atelier definitely has the feel of a sushi joint, with seating being predominantly at the bar and a small row of tables lining the side. That's fine though, because the bar seating gives you a complete view of the kitchen, which is immaculate and incredibly entertaining to watch.I opted for the tasting menu, which was heavy on the seafood. The scallop seared in butter and topped with a scallion and ginger oil sauce was very good. The foie gras steak was good, though a little unimaginative in preparation. I had high expectations for the quail stuffed with foie gras, but I was completely let down -- the quail ended up being dry and tough, with that annoying tough dry "skin" from over-searing.I also sampled the jambon and spaghetti, which were both excellent. The side of bread, which apparently they make on-site, was amazing. And to round it off, the service was extremely attentive. So why three stars? In short, I felt that the food wasn't that inspired. The seafood dishes -- the scallop and the sole filet -- are practically carbon copies of Chinese dishes; revelatory, perhaps, if you've never had it before, but for a seasoned Chinese seafood eater, par for the course. There wasn't even a French spin on the dishes! How lazy. Also, the inconsistent quality of the preparation was a little disappointing.It definitely didn't help that Picasso at the Bellagio (where we had dined two nights before) set a pretty damned high bar for our dining experiences in Vegas!
4	Took my father here for his birthday and it was quite the experience.  L'atelier is famous for its open kitchen.  They give their guests the option of sitting at the bar where they can overlook the open kitchen and watch all the chefs cooking their food.  My father and I each ordered the Discovery Menu for $168.  Seems a little pricey for a 1 Michelin Star restaurant, but hey...it is JR.The Discovery Menu consisted of 10 courses (including coffee).  There was a lot of foie gras in the menu that evening and my cholesterol level felt like it was going to rocket out of the building after the meal.  But the foie gras was cooked very well and full of flavor.  I was very impressed with the Langoustine carpaccio.  It was my first time having Langoustine and I really enjoyed it with the combination of spices.  The Dover sole filet wasn't anything too special though.We also shared an order of the le'burger, L'atelier's signature burger.  It consisted of a kobe beef patty with foie gras and WOW was that delicious.  The best burger I have ever had, I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who visits L'atelier.The service was also very good and attentive here.  Always making sure we didn't have an empty glass of water and the waiters are were very willing to make small talk.  Seeing that it was my father's birthday, at the end of the meal they presented us with a selection of 6 different kinds of dessert cakes, all of which were delicious.The price is what stopped me from giving this restaurant 5 stars, but my father and I still enjoyed our meal very much.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been too. Almost every course was heaven in my mouth. Each ingredient on each plate went so well together. Of course there were 1 or 2 dishes that I didn't enjoy as much but overall, it was great. Bf got the seasonal menu (10 courses) and I got the menu club (5 courses). Of course we let each other have a taste. There was this layered strawberry dessert course that I can't stop thinking about, layers of strawberries, lime sugar, granita, cream. Honestly one of the best desserts I've ever had. It wasn't on my tasting menu. The servers were there to make sure we had the best experience possible asking us how the food was, refilling water discretely and explaining each dish. The open kitchen was cool and I liked the huge display behind a window in the middle of the restaurant.I can't wait to come back again.
5	Since I am from San Francisco, one of the culinary areas of the country, I wanted to have a spectacular meal for my birthday dinner in Vegas. We thought about Bouchon, but eventually ruled it out since the original is only an hour away. As such, we decided on L'Atelier, with the counter service being the biggest draw for me. Upon entering I was drawn in by the black interior accented with deep red and large vases of fruits and vegetables separating the service well and the kitchen. We were seated directly in the center of the counter so we had a direct eye line to the grill with the entire kitchen before us. The service started out a bit rigid, but we soon realized I think this was the way things were meant to be. As our server warmed, the food's delicious taste and immaculate presentation took over. Two of us shared four plates of veal ravioli, lobster in a chorizo broth, fois grois stuffed quail and beef cheeks. Each dish presented itself as bites of culinary perfection with each ingredient playing on the others' profiles. The beef cheeks were by far one of the best dishes I've ever had. We followed everything with a great cheese plate and the waiter had a beautiful collection of five small cakes sent over for my birthday.As we sat finishing our wine for another 45 minutes we simply watched the kitchen work their magic. This is the reason I love open kitchens. It's as though the mystery of where your food originates melts away and you're able to observe the extensive time and care put into the dishes that make their way through the restaurant and onto your table. This was an awesome dining experience and a culinary lover's dream. Sit back, savor your dishes, and watch the magic happen.
1	The food is excellent here.  Let's start with that.  The problem is that you get so little of it, and it is so expensive, that you would have to spend in excess of $500 to get a decent meal. Other French restaurants (La Belle Vie in Mpls as an example) that have high ratings in Zagat have prices half that of this restaurant, with food equal or better than this.  ]Bottom Line:  Save your money and go to a different restaurant.  Go for drinks if you do go.
5	Joel Robuchon "Chef of the Century" is reason enough to visit L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in MGM, Las Vegas, not to mention his 25 Michelin stars, more than any other chef.The staff are friendly, we were offered right away with selections of fresh baked breads. So good! The amuse-bouche is "foie gras" with cream fraiche and parmesan cheese, out of this world flavor, I have never tasted a foie gras presented this way. I ordered an express 3-course meal that has a soup, fish for main course and chocolat mousse for dessert, the best dessert, fresh fish, excellent flavor. My husband ordered a medium rare filet mignon, and he loves it!  Argentinian Malbec wine goes so well with our food.Though a bit pricey for the proportion of the dish but nevertheless you'll get the very best in terms of fresh ingredients, uniqueness of the dish and a superbe presentation.  I would highly recommend esp. to people who would like to experiment with contemporary french cuisine.
1	Our party of 4 booked a reservation here over a month in advance and when we arrived, L'Atelier made a mistake and booked us for the day after. They were fully booked for the night and did not want to accommodate us even though we could see that there were open tables in the restaurant. When we asked about one of the open tables, they lied and said it was for a big party of 6 and later gave it to a party of 3 which apparently knew someone at the restaurant. When we asked the hostess about it, she made up a bs excuse about moving the larger party to the back of the restaurant especially since there weren't any new diners that entered the restaurant. If we did not have a show to get to in the mgm, we definitely would not have dined here since they apparently were not willing to accommodate us. When we asked to speak to the manager, they said she was busy in the back. Shortly after, we were seated by the bartender in the back of the restaurant, the manager never came by and avoided us for the rest of the night. Our server/bartender suggested that we would only have enough time to order 2-3 dishes before our show (1 hour 15 min) so we did just that. I had:L'amuse bouche - Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam.kuushi oysters  foie gras raviolifoie gras stuffed quailAll the dishes were decent but nothing extraordinary that warranted the prices. We were hoping the food and service would make up for the bad experience we had earlier on in the evening but it also disappointed. When my wife was halfway through her foie gras, the waiter brought the toast out and said "more toast?", she never got toast in the first place. We were served our last dish 10 min before our show time. One of the diners in our group was only able to finish 1/4 of her dish before we had to leave.All through the night, there was no apology, nothing to make up for mixing up our reservation. We were treated more like a nuisance than guests. I do not know how L'Atelier got any michelin star for treating their customers the way they did but it can only last so long on Joel Robuchon's name. Coming from the bay area, I have had my share of eating at a number of fine dining establishments (fleur de lys, gary danko's, french laundry...etc) and L'Atelier has been by far the worst experience I have had at any restaurant. They have lost customers for life and they are officially on my blacklist and I don't think they care judging from the treatment we got. I'm glad I didn't have time to plop down a few hundred dollars on the tasting menu to find out. Save your money and head over to the restaurants in the Venetian (Delmonico's, Aquaknox, or B & B). They all know how to treat their customers and they have better food!
1	Monsieur Rochuchon, Chef of the Century,I thought you should know that your L'Atelier in Vegas is quickly becoming a 0-star restaurant. Here's some complimentary advice for you free-of-charge:1) Use Open Table!!!!!!  We were coming in town for the Jabbawockeez and had booked a table at L'Atelier before the show. We were distraught to find upon arrival that your staff had made a mistake and booked us for the next day. All your hostess and manager managed to tell us was "We're fully committed" over and over. When asked about an empty table in the front, we were told by the manager that there were many big parties that evening and the table was reserved for a party of six that wouldn't otherwise fit at the bar. To add insult to injury, three ladies walked up 45 minutes into our wait, talked to someone they knew who worked at the restaurant, and the 6-person table was promptly re-set for the three of them and they were seated.  Another five minutes passed and we were finally seated in the back by the entrance to the kitchen. If we didn't have a show to go to at the MGM and a time constraint, we would not have waited. Heck, we weren't even offered to wait in the comfort of the lounge! If you were to take reservations through Open Table, there would be no questions when a reservation is scheduled; all the unpleasantries could have been avoided!2) Hire more seasoned, mature management staff.  The manager walked passed us many times after we were seated. She avoided eye contact every time and not once did she come by to apologize for the mix-up or attempt to explain why the 6-person table that was not available for us but was apparently available for the three ladies who came after us. 3) Hire more experienced wait staff.     - Would you believe it?  I was half way through my chilled foie gras course before a wait staff brought the toast and said "More toast?" I never got toast in the first place!  I wouldn't be surprised at this type of service at restaurant belonging to a chef who is a newbie in the culinary world; but not you, Monsieur Joel Robuchon!    - The wait staff was told about our time constraint of a 9:30 pm show. Despite that, the service did not speed up to accommodate our timeframe. After waiting 50 minutes to get seated, we waited another 20 minutes before we got bread!!! Our last dishes were served within minutes before 9:30 pm. Our friend only got to take a couple bites of her last dish. Horrible time management. By contrast, Mario Batali's B&B Ristorante at the Venetian did a wonderful job managing the pace of our dinner so we were able to leave in time for our departure flight.We were disgusted to have spent almost $400 between the four of us to be treated like second class citizens. The food didn't make up for it either. We really looked forward to dining at your L'Atelier but were thoroughly disappointed.
5	Fantastic experience. The wait staff was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable. The food was high class enough for the price (we ordered 2 different fixed price meals). Good wine menu - options under $30. Fancy place for a fancy occasion. We would definitely go back if wealthy and so inclined...   :)
3	Maybe I'm just not into expensive French food but I thought this restaurant was just ok.  It's cool you get to watch the chefs cook while you sit at the bar, but I thought the food was nothing special and way too expensive.  Also I thought the atmosphere was too laid back for such an expensive restaurant.  I got the pre-theater meal ($50) and also got to try the 6 course prix fixe ($100).  Wine was $15.  The pre-theater meal was small and the 3 courses come out together like a tv dinner tray.  The best thing about the six course meal was the main course, a really fatty slice of beef.  The super moldy cheese was good too.  But I didn't like that the mashed potatoes tasted like it had a whole stick of butter, and that the 5 slices of cake were all super sweet, and that the second cheese smelled so bad....
4	I was looking to have a nice fancy dinner with some friends and decided that since I was staying at the MGM, that I should probably check this place out.  I didn't want to eat at Joel Robuchon proper due to budget constraints, but I was convinced to try the 3-course meal for about $60 or so.I honestly forgot what kind of food I got from the 3-course meal, but I enjoyed what I saw.  I would probably come back again.
3	Over hyped.Amuse bouche - Grapefruit Gelee with avocado = funky weird lameKing Crab Salad with mozzarella, Parmesan avocado tomatoes 0 Crab was perfectly cooked and seasoned, lettuce had a super weak vinaigrette on it was boringLangoustine fritter-  Crispy, light good combo with the greens and pesto paste - Very good but not amazingLe Caille - Foie stuffed quail - Excellent combo with truffle mash all came together great was awesome Best dish of the night  by far. Only thing that all night that really was impressive everything else i could have easily recreated myself and made them more flavorful Foie Gras Burger - Red pepper sauce - Was great but of course it is no shocker here was definitely tastyLe Onglet - beef tar tar  40.00 beef tartar are u F'in kidding me this was so basic and traditional.. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING of course was good but come on Chef of the Century etc dude show me something new!!! so lame..Dessert Lemon Partfait w puffed rice etc.. WAS THE BOMB. Mind blowing dessert !!! Pastry was only dish that was revelutionary mind blowing goodness i expected from more course.Overall Service TERRIBLE!! Michelin star??? U kidding me???  counter service.. That didn't do anything wrong but was so not impressive. When I say terrible I am just comparing it to the price and expectations of a world class restaurant.. Michelin obviously just gave him a star for being french.. Water went empty a couple times, mis marked the table with share plates when the kitchen split for us, Never offered us cocktail or Vin. Weird.. Suggestion was lame. Spiel was too fast not clear.Restaurant MAJOR OVER HYPE!!!! All food bland nothing amazing except the dessert. Don't blow money here because that's the only thing that will blow you away the price tag for boring food.. I still want to try the mansion but this was nothing special.
5	Yes, this place is pricey but if you have the money to spend, I recommend doing it here. This place deserves more of a 4.5 because there were some shortcomings... Allow me to elaborate... - you must make reservations... I recommend doing this as early as possible and then calling the night before to confirm the reservation - the place used to be a sushi restaurant (you can tell based on the bar setting). It's a bit tacky in my opinion - servings are small HOWEVER, this place is still fantastic because the food is mouth watering and so so so so fresh. - fois gras in quail was so tasty! The fois gras is tender and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes were also the best I have ever had - crab salad is so fresh and delicious. I watched as the lady pulled the crab meat out of the shells. - drinks are very stiff and tasty - the bread and butter... something is different about it here. The bread is so creamy and the bread is slightly sweet. I heard the flour is imported from France but who knows if that is true. This is the most pretentious French restaurant around but it's damn good. For 2 entrees, a martini, and a Manhattan, the bill came out to $140 including tip. I left feeling full and content.
2	Very disappointed.  I went there with my wife before a show and expected something a bit more spectacular form a Michelin starred restaurant.To be honest, I was so unimpressed that I can't even remember what I ate.  I kept on hoping for something spectacular and memorable but it was not meant to be.  I think people need to stop being so affected by JOEL ROBUCHON's name and be over hyped about this place and use your own palate and judge and taste for  yourself, and anyone with a some sense of taste and creativity will realize that this place is lacking in both.  There are better options in this town.
5	I had my first dining experience at L'Atelier a few months ago and for the most part it exceeded my expectations; the dishes were inventive, fun and in several cases some of the most delicious sensations I've ever had.  I'd say the only real let down was that some of what I had to eat was merely O.K. but honestly that was only a few items on a pretty exceptional tasting menu.There were several dishes that are beyond compare.  The Le Crab Royal, king crab on little turnip discs with a sweet and sour sauce, is one of the most delicious things I've ever had.  Seriously, I wouldn't mind having a big bowl of that and I'm generally not a fan of crab (or turnips for that matter!)  The scallop with chive oil dish was almost as good and probably tied for my other favorite scallop dish of all time, the Vanilla Lobster scallops at Napa Rose in Anaheim, CA.  The white onion tart with asparagus and bacon took another one of my least favorite vegetables and turned it an incredibly savory thing unlike any taste I've experienced before.  And there was this strawberry iced crystals dish with an almost pop-rock like texture - so tasty and fun.It's a French restaurant so you are likely going to have one or more fois gras dishes as part of the tasting menu.  Personally, I'm not a huge fan of the stuff and the peasant stuffed with fois gras didn't really convert me into one.  The presentation of the peasant, fois gras and mashed potatoes was really cool and the whole dish looked like it was going to be very tasty but nothing in that mix really stood out like all of the dishes that came before it.  I also had some gyoza dumplings that were just o.k. - my friends loved the sauce that came with them but I didn't think it stood out much.Overall it was an awesome experience.  As the name suggests this is not complete fine dining meal with lots of staff attending to you, dressy patrons and subtle ambiance like you get at Joel's main restaurant or Alex at the Wynn; this space is bordering on loud, you will likely (and want to) sit at the bar and barely be removed from cigarettes and baseball hats walking by in MGM's casino.   For most people, I don't think any of that will matter once they get inside and start eating.  :)
5	Well... I guess you don't get referred to as "Chef of the Century" for being a shlub. Joel Robuchon's "experimental" L'Atelier at the MGM Grand is a sensual delight.  The decor is modern and sleek, with more than a touch of Asian flavor: blacks and deep reds, as well as a restaurant wide "bar" that faces the kitchen, reminiscent of your local sushi joint.They offer two separate tasting menus, both with optional wine pairing, as well as dozens of tempting plates on an a la carte menu.  A friend of mine had a few a la carte dishes, which were magnificent, but do yourself a favor, suck it up and order the tasting menu.  The service is impeccable.  Every dish is explained thoroughly as it is served and the Sommelier, Dan, is top notch.I won't bore you with detailed descriptions of every dish, but I assure you, each bite will leave you aching as if you didn't believe in such decadence.  You feel like a child tasting chocolate for the first time, or a blind man suddenly given the gift of sight.  It's almost as if you were living in ignorant bliss before you sat down at L'Atelier.  For after this meal, nothing else will taste quite as good. Simply put, every bite feels like falling in love.
5	Honestly, I have nothing new to add. But, I want whoever on the internet that might be stalking me to know that I've been here.
5	This is going to be one of my longer reviews because it was *just* that good. in true yelp fashion, we're going to go course by course so prepare yourself and try not to drool on your computer.finding it in the MGM was quite the fiasco just because it was me and my friend and we were already running late (as usual) and after just scoring a last minute reservation, we didn't want to push it even more.  after running through the casino in dresses and heels, we finally made it to this unexpectedly small restaurant that seated a majority of its occupants at 2 different counters: a main counter that faced the kitchen and a smaller bar area.  we were seated in the bar area so i kind of feel like we missed part of the show.  regardless, the food was amazing. now for the play by play:the amuse bouche was very surprising..it was a type of melon jello/gel type thing with apples at the bottom and some creamy foam on top.  while it looked decently questionable, it was surprising fresh and definitely amused my bouche.next, there was a seared pate du fois gras with a type of crisped cheese as well as a cooked hibiscus flower.  the pate was decently salty, which was wonderfully complimented by the crispiness of the cheese and then complimented by the sweetness of the flower.  after eating all of it together,  it was definitely something i have never tasted before but would love to taste again.now my ... second favorite dish: a deep fried langoustine spring roll that came with a smattering of sweet chili sauce and some sort of green sauce (i forgot what exactly was in it) and it was so amazing. i definitely wanted more.the best part -- i got the rib eye and my friend got the john dory fish filet.  i'm not a huge fish eater but her fish tasted very fresh and full with a bell pepper chutney and, a tomato sauce, and a dollop of mashed potatoes.  can't really attest too much for the fish, but i definitely can say that this was the best rib eye i've had in my life.  it was perfectly cooked and seriously only came with its own juices as its sauce and that's seriously all it needed.  cut so tender, it practically melted in my mouth. as full as i was from the other dishes, it was not hard at all for me to make room in my stomach for this beef.  it also came with a small pot of mashed potatoes and if i had to choose one food to eat before i die, i would want some of those mashed potatoes. they were wonderfully whipped and creamed and had a small taste of cheese and garlic in them. i'm wishing i got more now.then the cheese plate.  i'm not a huge fan of cheese plates, but i can definitely appreciate a little bit here and there. i'm not going to pretend i know what i'm talking about when it comes to cheese, but according to my many friends who love cheese plates, the stinkier the better. and this cheese was stinky. so i'm assuming it was great.finally, we each got a different dessert - a sorbet assortment as well as a small cake assortment.  the sorbets were great - flavors ranged from vanilla, chocolate, raspberry, pistachio, and strawberry.  the cakes were great...im unsure what flavors there were exactly, but one was a great lemon, a really dense and delicious chocolate, a fruit tarte, and a cinnamon cake.  oh my goodness it was by far one of the best meals i've had in a long long time, definitely rivaling great restaurants like gary danko.  if you're in vegas and want an amaaaaazing meal, you definitely cannot go wrong with l'atelier.  oh and the decor is great too...pretty dark, everything is black with red roses everywhere so it's cool too. but you barely notice it because the food is so great.
5	If you were to tell me 10 years ago that I would go to a French restaurant, spend $700, not be full afterward, and be totally ecstatic about the whole experience of it all, I would have slapped you. In all seriousness, I'm not a baller in any language, but it's nice to splurge every so often just to give yourself and your significant other a treat and also reward yourself for working hard to get where you are today. Las Vegas is a great place to fulfill your urges and L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is the ultimate sin. We actually tried to get into the bigger and more formal Joel Robuchon restaurant next door but found out that they were closed for a few months. I guess that's how the Europeans roll, season long vacations. We were a little early but got seated anyway. I'm a little glad we arrived early because we were seated near the front at the counter with a perfect view of the kitchen. We saw the EC running the pass with a very firm hand. Nothing slipped by him at all and he was on everybody's ass for perfection. Cool to see. 'When in Rome', or Paris in this case, was the attitude of the night. We went all the way and ordered the full tasting course along with wine pairings. There's so many reviews of the same items so I will do raves about my faves. Le Crabe Royal - King crab on a turnip disc with sweet/sour sauce. On paper, it doesn't sound that great, but you definitely have to eat it to love it. Wow. The crab is just perfect and the sauce is subtle enough to add that little flair that is needed. Second best crab ever. (Hokkaido's the bomb) La Saint-Jacques - Sea scallops cooked in it's own shell topped with chive oil. Perfectly cooked in it's own juices. The texture was amazing and the little aromatic oil give it a nice finishing touch. La Cebette - White onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus. Absolutely the shining moment of the night. What a perfect combination of textures and flavors. The flaky tart was absolutely amazing and combine that with the crisp asparagus and savory bacon, you have an inspiring dish. So inspiring in fact that I went home and tried to recreate the dish myself. Not bad an attempt. The Sommelier was a great guy and he paired everything up as well as you can pair it up. He was pretty damn generous with his pours but maybe because we were the only ones there for a while. Great great wine. He wrote down the wine list after our meal so that we can note what we indulged in later. I would call the dress code 'Resort formal' (Such a thing???) We dressed up and we felt overdressed compared to the people coming in later dressed in bermuda shorts and aloha shirts. Most diners though were dressed nicely. No ties but just very nice. Then you have one of the casino whales walking in with his entourage of 20 groupies following close behind trying to get a table. Whale was dressed in a white under t-shirt and golf shorts with his belly hanging out all over the place. He had an untrimmed Santa beard and goatee and just walked in like he was wearing a tux. Yet, the EC and manager kissed his ass regardless of his appearance. What a life. A great experience with great food, great wine, and great company. I would love to do it again. Hopefully the other restaurant is open next time next door.
5	Mon dieu ~ 100th review!Decadent.  Amazing.  Indulgent.  Memorable.  Delectable.  These adjectives were among the many that swirled around in my head as I enjoyed each course of L'Atelier's Seasonal Discovery Menu.One of the highlights of our recent R&R jaunt to Vegas was definitely this wonderful meal.  We went all out and got the wine pairings as well, and I must say, it was worth the arm & leg we paid.  The open kitchen, color theme, and lighting were great and helped elevate our anticipation.  The sommelier, our main, and subsequent various servers (a different one for each course) were all quite professional and charming.L'AMUSE-BOUCHE - Avocado and cilantro flavored grapefruit gelee.  Tiny in size - but big in flavor.  Complex and delicious, loved the avo, cilantro, grapefruit combo.LE CRABE ROYAL - King crab on a turnip disc with a sweet and sour sauce.  Interesting play on 'ravioli'.  Another beautiful & delicious dish, plating was divine.LA SAINT-JACQUES - Sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil.  Peerless quality - so delicious, scallops are one of my favorite foods, and this was one of the best I've had.LA CEBETTE - White onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus.  LOVED this - couldn't stop ooh'ing and ahh'ing as I ate this one.  Can you say tears of joy??  Wish I had the metabolism and time to sit around and eat these tarts all day. Hub made a quite spectacular version at home the following weekend (including butter poached scallops on top).  LE FOIE GRAS - Duck foie gras with confit kumquats.  So good...and SO rich.  Never been a fan of kumquats - but excuuse me because this dish would not have been the same without them.LA SOLE - Dover sole filet, baby leek with ginger.  A very generous portion of perfectly cooked sole.  Made me want hot steam rice!L'AGNEAU - Lamb shoulder confit and steam garbanzo beans - this was my main dish choice.  The lamb was cooked down and the tender pieces were molded into a small cake-like portion, surrounded by the most vibrant green garbanzo beans, served in a tiny tagine, a beautiful dish.LA CAILLE - Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled-mashed potatoes - this was the hub's main dish choice.  The quail was perfectly cooked and was delicious together with the potatoes.LA PECHE - Summer peaches on basil sable, coconut milk emulsion.  Super fancy presentation, lovely hard sugar candy disc perched atop the dish with a glittery patterned sheen - ALMOST too pretty to eat.LA FRAISE - White chocolate ice cream on an almond panna cotta, fresh strawberries and mint.  Perfect combination of flavors and textures.  Light and satisfying dessert.THE WINE - We had champagne, whites, reds, and ice wine - all from France, and all to die for.LE CAFE - Coffee or Espresso with one dark chocolate candy.  Perfect ending to dinner.If you truly love food, this is what it's all about ~ delicious, fresh, beautiful flavors - prepared with passion, and enjoyed with a loved one!  Cheers!
3	We were all psyched up to go to Joel Robuchon  for dinner and were disappointed to hear the restaurant was closed when we were in Vegas.  We decided therefore to go to L'Atelier which we had visited at Christmas and loved.  We ate the same menu as the previous reviewer and unfortunately were disappointed.  To be fair we were disappointed in the context of a $650 bill (we had the wine flight.).  For that price we expect pretty near perfection and it didn't happen.   We were seated a little late for our 8.30 booking  (15 minutes)  so it was nearly 9pm rather than 8.30 when food started to appear.  That was fine except the kitchen messed up our order some how so we had a 20 minute wait before the onion tart - it was now nearly 9.45 and we had eaten an amuse bouche & 2 tiny crab and scallop dishes (don't get me wrong - we eat a lot of tasting menus, small is good BUT a 20 minute wait for course 3 is not, especially when a wine flight is involved!).  We were pretty starving by the time we received the tart (actually one of my favorite courses) so when our slightly overcooked sole arrived we did not, as we should have done, sent it back.  Mine was slightly overcooked but my husbands was v overcooked.  Our mistake - it was a no brainer to send it back but we didn't want more delay - its now well after 10pm.  We were not that impressed by the wines either - and the flight is expensive (cant remember how much but over $100 each).I was looking forward to the panaccotta as I am a bit of a fan and have eaten hundreds but I felt it was lost under the ice cream and also a little runny - in fact the whole dish was - I suspected it had been left for a little while before serving.All in all we felt this was one of our more disappointing fine dining experiences.  We had had a big discussion with friends about expensive dining and how when you have a great experience you cant believe you don't do it more often but a slight "miss" makes you feel you are insane to spend this much on a meal.  Unfortunately this was one of the latter experiences and totally unexpected given our great experience at Christmas..
5	WOW and double WOW. The best dining experience since the Le Moulin de Mouginsin Cannes. The tasting menu is both a visual and palate pleasing experience. Fine dining at its best - treat yourself
5	Mouthfuls of delicious that I will be coming back for. Had the seasonal tasting menu. Wish I ordered everything instead. Unagi between foie gras? NOM!Great environment. It's really enjoyable to watch your food being prepared in front of you by People Who Know What's Up. It was like a sushi bar except except without the sushi. Ok, so maybe not like a sushi bar. The only thing that I could think of that I didn't like about this place was the cocktail I ordered. It tasted a bit too alcoholic (and I love alcohol). I forgot which one it was (because I was focusing on the aforementioned unagi sandwiched in fois gras .... drool), but it definitely shocked the mouth a bit.
5	i have to say the food here is worth every penny although we spent $600 for the two of us. their presentation is one of the best i've seen. highly recommended.
5	No disappointment here.  Actually a 4.5For some reason, I approach Las Vegas restaurants with caution after some disappointing experiences at big name restaurants.  I also want to add that I've never been to any of the other Joel Robuchon restaurants, so I make no claims that this is on par with.  L'Atelier had a nice casual vibe.  The color and decor was fun and the atmosphere was lively while still being conducive to conversation.  The food was nicely presented.  For the most part, I enjoyed most of the meal. Certainly for the very reasonable prices, it exceeded my expectations.
5	This was meal TWO of the "Vegas Food Tour" that the girlfriend and I had planned out, sorta. This was... THE BEST MEAL OF MY LIFE.That is saying a lot because we just had finished our Sterling Brunch Marathon at Bally's 3 hours prior. We went into L'Atelier still full and unfortunately (or fortunately) still drunk. We had to book our reservation early because we had to catch The Beatles Love show at 9:30PM.The girlfriend and I decided to do L'Atelier this visit and save THE Joel Robuchon for an actual special occasion. Since we walked into this place still quite drunk from the Sterling Brunch, we decided to skip the wine pairings and be the gluttons we are and go for the 9-course Seasonal Discovery Menu. I'll break it down by dish this time...We started off with the L'Amuse-Bouche. According to our server this was to "freshen" up our palate. Grapefruit gelee that was flavored with avocado and cilantro. It was very refreshing, but the girlfriend wasn't a fan. I enjoyed it. But the most fascinating part was watching the chefs make the darn dish. Their attention to detail is unmatched, they used tweezers to put the freakin cilantro on the dish! Amazing!The Le Crabe Royale was king crab on a turnip disc with a sweet and sour sauce.  This dish wasn't a standout but the flavor was amazing. The plating was wonderful as well.The La Saint-Jacques was one of the GF's favorites. I liked it but my favorites are to come. It was a sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil. The scallop was cooked to perfection, not that I was expecting anything less of course. The La Cebette reminded me of a little tiny bite-sized pizza (like a sophisticated thin crust bagel bite). It was a white onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus. This was delicious the asparagus went so well with the smoked bacon! Mystery dish. I forgot the name and I forgot what exactly was in it... but it was both of ours FAVORITE DISH. It was some sort of foamed emulsion over a perfectly cooked poached egg yoke and pesto sauce topped with paprika and straw mushrooms. There were instructions on how to eat it... that means its good.The La Sole was simple but good. It was a dover sole filet, baby leek with ginger.  I once tried to cook sole... trust me... Joel Robuchon's version was way better.We had choices for our "main dish" I got the La Caille. The Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled-mashed potatoes. The truffled mashed potatoes were a gift from God. It was a delicious dish and I think this was #2 on the best list. Thinking about it though... its like swapping body parts... duck liver in a quail. HA.The other half got the L'Agneau, which was a Lamb shoulder confit and steam garbanzo beans as her main dish. She loved this dish, I wasn't a big fan of it... I thought my La Caille was better. On to dessert. La Peche. Summer peaches on basil sable and coconut milk emulsion.  This plate looked like a painting, it was beautiful. It had a hard sugar candy disc sitting on top of the dish with gold powder dusted on the plate in turtle shell type pattern. The caramelized popcorn also added a nice touch to the dish as well.I personally liked the La Fraise because for some darn reason it reminded me of my childhood, I don't know how but it did. It was white chocolate ice cream on an almond panna cotta, fresh strawberries and mint. Great flavor, fresh, and light.To top it all off we had Le Cafe. Coffee with one dark chocolate candy stuffed with rasberry filling. This was probably the best coffee I have ever had... but that could just be me getting hypnotized by Joel Robuchon because I paid so damn much for it.I just noticed that I broke down my whole meal, which is most likely not very helpful for many yelpers since it is a "seasonal" menu and will most likely change.... now. Hopefully this review was helpful though! Service, Ambiance, Food, and Experience were all WONDERFUL! No complaints or disappointments. Cliff Notes: Food was orgasmic. Chef of the Century. BOMB.
5	Such a different experience from all the buffets in town.  Ate here with a couple of girlfriends for a bachelorette party.  The food was fantastic and so was the service.  We sat at the bar and asked the chef to surprise us - he did not disappoint.
5	I did what I could to keep it short for my review of Joel Robuchon, the exalted chef's fine-dining boite at the MGM Grand. I will make no such attempts in conveying my feelings about Chef Robuchon's small-plates restaurant, L'Atelier.Robuchon (the restaurant) could be well personified by Grace Kelly, regal, elegant, breathtaking perfection... L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon might then be personified by Catherine Deneuve... coquettish, modern, a little more casual but no less enthralling. If Grace Kelly belongs on a pedestal to be quite rightly worshipped, then Ms. Deneuve seems a better fit between the sheets on an extended stay at the Hotel Georges V.It would be far simpler a task for me to juggle two Buicks than it would to choose between Kelly and Deneuve. A similar quandary, it follows, to what I face when attempting to choose between Joel Robuchon and L'Atelier. Sometimes, though, these choices must be made and to be quite frank, courting a real Princess for more than a day might grow tiresome in the balance. Reluctantly then, I admit that if forced to, I cast my long-term lot with the fair Ms. Deneuve. In the same light, I would have to confess a slight preference for L'Atelier, a spot at which I would quickly agree to eat every single night. Here's a few reasons why...Le Cocotte- Parsley puree at the bottom of a martini glass, topped with mushroom cream, and a raw egg (stay with me) and then more mushroom cream and a couple of sauteed mushrooms on top. Then they put the whole thing in a steamer until the egg whites *just* set. Creamy, yolky, mushroom-ey.. the richness of it all cut perfectly by the bracing green-ness of the parsley puree.Le Langoustine- the sweetest langoustine you've ever tasted, wrapped with a basil leaf in a thin sheet of brik dough and quickly deep fried. Plated with a micro greens salad and basil pesto. Seriously, I could eat 50 of these.Le Thon Rouge- Thin slices of tuna arranged on a plate with tomato-infused oil and sea salt. You can really taste the tomato in the oil and I don't know how they do that. Perfectly salted and the texture of the tuna is as magical as a first kiss. Le Saumon- A healthy portion of house-smoked salmon, plated with a potato waffle (with really deep wells, more surface area, more CRUNCH) and dill cream. The creamy crunchy potato, the smoky salty salmon, and the cool and herbaceous cream all conspire to create what might just be a perfect plate. 10 out of 10.Le Caille- Quail stuffed with foie gras and coated in a citrus glaze. I am careful, as a gentleman, to confine my profanity to special cases. That said... holy fucking shit this is good. Served with a small pot of truffled potato puree prepared to the following ratio - 1 part potato to 1 part butter. It is not uncommon for a fight to break out over the last spoonful.Le Foie Gras- Raviolis of foie gras in a chicken broth with Thai basil and herb cream. The ravioli are quite salty at first, but then it becomes apparent that they are a perfect foil for the rich chicken broth in which they float. The basil and cream add top notes and bottom notes and once again you are transported by a mere food item to some magical place where the London Philharmonic plays neighborhood concerts and hundred dollar bills rain from the sky.Ris de Veau- Here's where we get to what might be the defining characteristic of a restaurant of this caliber. I wouldn't dare order sweetbreads at just about any other establishment. No thanks. But at L'Atelier? Mais bien sur! Seared on the outside, creamy on the inside, stuck through with a sprig of holly and plated with a lettuce leaf stuffed with onions and butter. One of the best things I've ever eaten and I almost let my prejudice prevent me from ordering it. Shameful.Le Chartreuse- A souffle made with green chartreuse liqueur and topped with pistachio ice cream. Words cannot express how good this is. Eggy, Sweet, and a little flowery. Suffice it to say that it tastes like heaven in a ramekin.Chocolate Sensation- Let's see if I can remember this right... melting Aragani chocolate on the bottom, then a disc of chocolate on top of that, then white chocolate ice cream on top of that, and then oreo cookie crumbs on top of the whole thing. Rob a bank if you have to. Kidnap a rich kid. Sue McDonalds for scorching your naughty bits. It will all be worth the effort to secure a bowl of this.Look, I know I go a little overboard sometimes. I am well aware of my bias. But if you are looking to sample cuisine that is executed at the highest possible level... trust me, if you've got a steady job you can well afford the tariff of a visit here. My precious L'Atelier... that haunts me in my sleep and in my troubled mind weaves daydream tapestries of earthly abandon. Soon, my dear. Soon I will return to your loving arms and we will write epics to make Chaucer blush, and Shakespeare jealous. I am already counting the days.
5	I know it has been almost a year since we had dinner here but I still dream of this food! We had the Menu Decouverte (tasting menu) and I would recommend this to first timers or sheltered West Texans like me.  It left me knowing what I would order the next time we visit. La Caille (quail stuffed with foie gras, served with whipped truffled mashed potatoes) was outstanding. Le Crabe Royal was divine as were the baby Kusshi Oysters in French butter. The latter is exactly what good food means... two ingredients at their finest and the taste is exceptional. There is way too much to mention but I now know that I'm overdue to come back and that, if this meal was any indication, I must eat at Joel Robuchon next door once before I die.
5	This has to be my absolute favorite foodie spot in Las Vegas, at the MGM Grand...and partly because the very first time I visited, I actually got to meet Chef Robuchon!!!The tasting menu is the way to go on your first visit. However, I recommend the Beef Tartare on subsequent visits. The dining room is intimate, and the fact that you can watch the chefs work makes this a great experience alongside the amazing food.
3	So one of my friends said we should go here for dinner and we did. We each all had the tasting menu. First, I must say that the service was kinda bad at this place. I noticed a lot of our food when it came out would be held because our server didn't do his sequence of service by placing the proper fork and knife on the table. Also, my friend's course had to be sent back. Each course here was either a hit or miss. They were beautifully and artfully created. The most consistently good part about the menu was their dessert. After the many fine dining experiences I had, the food did not meet the cost I paid. Three of us had the larger menu while one of us had the smaller menu. The smaller menu was much more consistent and very good. I wish I could've gotten that one. I would definitely go not for the tasting menu but just to try out one of their signature courses. Try are other much better Vegas dining experiences to be had.
2	We were not impressed by our experience here.  We were with a large group, all of whom got the seasonal discovery.  We did the smaller tasting and it was ok.  Both of us were not impressed with our main courses.  My halibut was dry and tasteless.  Husband got chicken and it was nothing amazing.We did both enjoy our desserts though.  I had the tart selection and he got the sorbet and ice creams.  all yummy.  Definitely not a place we would go back to, though I think we might enjoy the main Joel Robuchon restaurant better.  The trendy haute style cuisine wasn't really our style.Plus - we're from the bay so good restaurants are plentiful.  When I got to Vegas, I think I should experience something better than what I can go to in SF.
5	I was so excited to eat at a Joel Robuchon restaurant and I got more than I expected. My bf and I ordered the tasting menu ($155 per person) with wine pairing (additional $105 per person). Including the amuse buche, there were 9 courses. The dishes were so innovative. My 2 favs were the foie gras parfait and egg cocotte. MMmmm....just thinking about it makes me drool. OMG the foie gras stuffed quail was to die for!!!!One of the best fine dining restaurants I've ever been to. I love how we sat by the "bar" where we could look at the magic in the kitchen. I've never been able to see the chemistry in a fine dining restaurant unitl I dined at L'Atelier. Dining here was a wonderful experience!Note: The place is pretty small and you'll most likely sit next to a stranger. Don't expect an intimate setting (go to Alex inside Wynn for that). Do expect wonderful, innovative art....I mean food. (I also included a pic of our tasting menu from that night)
5	Almost everytime I return to Hong Kong, I will go over to Macau and have dinner at Robuchon Galera, probably his oldest restaurant outside of Paris. Robuchon himself will always cook a week there during the black truffle season and I was lucky enough to have been there a few times and meeting Robuchon himself. Now where is that photo?I have eaten at Robuchon next door a few times and this is my first time at L'atelier. I like the counter seating for two and can see the kitchen at work. I started going to L'atelier in Tokyo and loved the concept.There is also something very special about the waiters/waitresses as if somehow Robuchon just picked the best or the best just want to want for Robuchon. They are always knowledgeable, pleasant and finally, great looking. Ok, back to my review .... We ordered the 9 course tasting menu with wine pairing.Started with Foie GRAS parfait with Parmesan port wine foam paired with a champagne that was not a brand name but quite refreshing. How can anyone not love a foie gras parfait. excellent.King crab meat with radish n daikon with cloudy bay Sauvignon Blanc 2009. Flawless.scallop topped with minced chives cracked pepper n sea salt then drizzle with Ginger chive butter paired with the same cloudy bay sauvignon blanc. I wonder how the scallop will taste if it is cooked a bit more. I guess I will try it at home then.2008 loosen German reisling for FILO dough pizza topped with onion n smoked bacon asparagus plus parmesan cheese arugula. This is an extremely amazing dish. Creative but taste sooooo good.2006 louis Latour chassagne Montrachet for egg cocottes = soft egg. With mushroom and parsley foam sea salt then with smoked salmon with pickled cucumber n potatoTour seran Bordeaux medoc 2003 for lamb and quailSauternes chateau lamothe guignard 2005 for the desserts.Conclusion, I never had a bad meal at any of the Robuchons. He is not crazy about the creativity part which all the cook shows or competitions are promoting. Robuchon just cook great tasting foods and I like great tasting foods.
1	Strangely, I was not able to check in here.  But I do remember going here my first night of Vegas... and I was quite disappointed.Firstly, I was really excited to try out Chef Joel Robuchon's restaurant.  But I'd feel bad going there without my girlfriend... so my cousin and I went for the next best thing -- L'Atelier!When we arrived we saw the L'unique menu for just $49.  We were pretty stoked at that point!  The L'unique was basically their pre-theater menu where food would arrive in about 15 minutes.Service here is basically hit or miss.  I wasn't really overly dressed, fit in with the crowd dress wise.  But maybe because I was a lot younger looking, I felt they kinda shrugged us off.  One server quickly handed us a menu without explaining ANYTHING.  When we noticed the pre-theater menu we had to ask a different server about it.  That server was much better... wish we had him.Anyway, things continued downhill from there.  The food arrived a bit slower than we anticipated (about 25 minutes?).  I didn't mind that at all as we didn't have any big plans after... just wanted to hit the tables.  But when we tasted the food... I think I almost cried.The appetizers I had was the shrimp and my cousin got sardines on toast.  This wans't too bad.  It was good, but I did expect better from such a restaurant of this stature.For the entree we both elected to get halibut.  This was REALLY disappointing.  My cousin, who's not picky at all, noticed that the halibut wasn't very fresh.  The fish was also overcooked and poorly seasoned.  The tomato broth that came with the halibut was the highlight, sadly.The dessert was also... OK.  We both got creme brulee.  I noticed how this had a great texture, silky smooth... but it just wasn't rich enough.  I always anticipate a rich flavor when eating creme brulee -- that just didn't happen this time.All in all, very disappointing.  It hurts to give this restaurant a 1 star, but I am definitely not coming back here.  For two pre-theater menus, a couple beers and a bottle of water, we paid $130 pre tip.  We both agreed that hitting up Burger Bar would've been a better first meal at Vegas.
1	I'd like to be able to review the food ... but I can only review theservice.We arrived at 6 PM for our 6:30 reservation, on a Friday night.We were told we'd have to wait ... no problem, I expected that ...but I'd hoped for a bit more friendliness.At 6:29, we returned and asked for our table.  We were taken tothe bar, where the seats are incredibly high ... so your feet can'ttouch the floor, and the "backs" of the seats are about 3 inches high ...so you have no back support.  Pointing out my back brace, I told the seating woman that this would not work and asked for a table ...at least one empty one was visible from the front.  We were toldthe tables were available only for larger parties.We left.Rude, and unwilling to server diners with disabilities ... I canheartily recommend giving this a pass.  We went to the "craftsteak" restaurant about a hundred yards away, and had an excellent meal.
5	came here with my parents back in june 2010 and the food was great... All of us had the tasting menu with about 10 dishes including 2 desserts.. the service was good and the food was even better, the baby oysters and the hanger steak were tasty...
5	Loved it!Atmosphere: excellent. You sit at the bar and get to watch all the chefs at work in the open kitchen which is really cool. Plus it means basically everyone is there in couples or groups of 3, so it's quieter and really cozy. There are like 3 tables in the place where a large group could sit, but that's it, so the restaurant overall is quite small. Service: excellent. Our main waiter was totally on the ball on everything we asked and all the servers/bussers were very efficient and friendly clearing our old plates, bringing out the new ones, and explaining all the dishes.Food: excellent. We did the $155 tasting menu and loved every dish. Favorites were the foie-gras parfait amuse bouche and the king crab on radish discs. The bread selection was really good, but I had to stop myself so I wouldn't fill up. My least favorite would have to be the dessert. I wish we could have had the cheese selection instead.Value: very good. $155 tasting menu times two, plus a bottle of very good wine and tip and our bill was about $430, which is a lot less than we would have spent at the Mansion. If you're trying to do Robuchon on a tighter budget, I think you should get the $95 tasting menu, skip drinks, and hit Fat Tuesday's on your way out of the casino (see my review http://www.yelp.com/biz/fat-tuesday-las-vegas-2#hrid:yJ-HCXBNO5QYM7dZgkBscQ). If you want to go on a tighter budget than that, you should probably skip Robuchon all together!Overall: probably your best bet in town for an innovative, quality special-occasion meal.
5	Tremendous, superlative experience. Service was impeccable, wine was great, but best of all, every dish was a pleasant surprise. I can't recommend them enough. This was literally the most amazing restaurant experience I've ever had. Best and/or most memorable meal? Probably not - those have to reserved for private moments - but definitely on the short list. We've since been to L'Atelier in Tokyo, and while that was excellent, too, this location featured markedly better (or at least more personal) service and had specials that we personally enjoyed more.
5	Be prepared to spend some serious $$$.  But also, be prepared to enjoy one of the greatest meals you've ever had.  I love the open kitchen and being able to see the chefs in action.  It is just as fascinating as the food.  The service is top-notch and the atmosphere is sophisticated yet intimate.
4	In a week of many firsts, I went to Vegas for my 21st birthday which was during my senior year of undergrad study at UCLA. Cliche, I know, but how can you not go to Vegas for your 21st when you're in Los Angeles? It's like a no brainer. You turn 21, you go to Vegas with all your besties, you drink and gamble and drink some more, you tear up the town looking gorgeous and dance till 5 am and walk home on the strip when the sun is rising and parents cover their childrens' eyes as you walk by. That's how it's done! Haha I'm kidding. Mostly. Anyways, let me get to the point of this review...Boy took me to L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon at the MGM Grand for  my romantic 21st birthday dinner on my 2nd night in Vegas. We had to wait a little bit for our seats but then we were guided to the counter by the hostess. I wasn't thrilled with sitting there at first because those tall chairs hurt my back but in the end I am glad we did. You get to see the inner workings of the open kitchen as the chefs and cooks hastily and delicately prepare the dishes one by one. The counter is beautiful with red accents and all around in the middle of the open kitchen were glass jars and whatnot with various fruits and vegetables in them. Very beautiful in my opinion. Our lovely waiter came right up to us at the counter (I think he might have been our cook too?? can't remember now) to discuss the menu and how things were done there since neither of us had ever been to this restaurant (or any Robuchon restaurant for that matter). We were advised to get an appetizer or two small tasting portions and an entree. I honestly wasn't feeling well from the week's birthday celebrations so I did not have the stomach to order a lot of food even though I wanted to. I order a scallop tasting portion and a salad tasting portion. I know you regulars are probably laughing at me right now!To start, we had the famous JR amuse-bouche which was soooo delicious. I could not understand what our waiter said was in it and to my horror afterward I found out there was foie gras in it!! At that time, I did not eat foie gras out of ethical reasons... Whoops. Out of my inexperience, I only ended up ordering the two tasting dishes thinking they would be enough for me in my current gastronomical state. Nope I was wrong. Tiny tiny tiny. I was still a little hungry after eating literally two bites of food... which cost probably 40$. Blah. My boy was sweet enough to give me part of his steak tartar (EXCELLENT, btw) which helped curb my hunger. I had watched the chef prepare his steak tartar, mixing it in the bowl with the capers and vinegar and all those other yummy things they put in there. This was actually the dish that started my love affair with raw beef so that says a lot since I never EVER considered eating tartar before this...All in all, L'Atelier in Vegas is a nice place to go for a fancy dinner but make sure your wallet is full and that you understand how much food you're getting. Ask the waiter is this enough and they will let you know. I happily look forward to the next time I am in Sin City so I can fully appreciate and get my money's worth from the experience at this restaurant. Luckily, I won't be turning 21 again...
4	Had the tasting menu, amazingly interesting.  The presentation was fantastic, although some of the courses were a little odd, overall amazing experience.  I thought the open kitchen was very cool, nice to see such a clean, well run and professional operation.
5	OMG I love this place!  Hubby and I could not decide whether to do this or not but after debating for half an hour we plunged in.  We went the whole way and had the nine course seasonal menu and we both had the wine pairing.  It was so worth it.  If you love great food and can afford go for it. :)
4	A Michelin star never tasted so good and yet so easy on the wallet.  You can still manage a 6-course Robuchon meal without hitting the jackpot.  Simply share two of the 3-course pre-theater meals with a fellow dining companion and you'll enjoy a sampling of the famed Joel Robuchon.  The best part of L'Atelier is watching the kitchen dance around hot plates and squeeze bottles.  Interestingly enough, everybody speaks French.  When dining at the MGM, this is one meal you shouldn't skip.  [Original Visit: November 8, 2010]
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas, and I must say, i've been to quite a few.  I've dined here twice and loved both times.  Service was on point- from the waiter, sommelier, the director, down to the waiter's assistant- they always made sure we were happy as can be.  The set up of the restaurant is real cute and comfortable.  I believe the translation of L'atelier means studio in English.  It's a pretty clever name and if you've been to this restaurant you'd know why.  I'd recommend sitting at the bar because the experience is heightened times ten!The food is non pretentious, but not exactly simple either; it's the way the food is plated that makes you think otherwise.  The presentation is beautifully executed and makes it for a delightful sight.  My BF and I had a 12 coursed meal each with different food, from what I remember.  Eight wonderful dishes of some of their best selects and four wonderful desserts (my favorite part).  Some of the things we had was the quail stuffed Foie Gras accompanied with a light and fluffy Truffled Potato puree (one of my faves), Le Jambon, petite Kobe Sliders and frites to name a few!  The complimentary bread is really good too.  It comes with a selection of petite L'atilier Baguette, Le Campaigne, and more served with a side of butter. All in all, this restaurant is definitely worth a try, even if it's only once.  The next time you're in Vegas...plan a dinner here for one of the nights.  Regardless of whether you end up doing a tasting menu, i'm sure you'll have a wonderful time and experience!  Make sure you don't over indulge on the food, though, because the sweets at L'Atelier are a must!!!  I can't wait to go back again!  Btw: wine pairing is available to those who opt for it along with the tasting menu!! They have an outstanding wine list and a very knowledgeable sommelier! Cheers!!
5	My wife and I returned for a second time after  visiting here last year.  We had the 9 course tasting menu.  There is no comparison to any other restaurant.  By far, #1.  And, number 2 is far behind.  We had many other memorable meals while in Las Vegas but, it is unfair to compare;  this food is in a class by itself.
4	This is my 2nd time at this restaurant.  The hottie and I took a Thanksgiving getaway to Vegas and since we loved this place the last time we decided to revisit it again.  Unfortunately, my experience was not as good as the last time.  Not that this restaurant isn't top notch cause it is.  Its just that for the $155 each that we spent on the tasting menu I just felt that this particular tasting menu was not worth it.  Still there were some awesome dishes.  Here's what we had....Amuse Bouche of  Foie Gras with a foam in a shot glass.  Definitely a different way to eat foie but really tasty.King Crab with cauliflower & avacado puree.  Can't go wrong with King Crab but the 2 purees really didn't add anything to the dish.  I thought this dish was average.Sea Scallops with chives.  Sooooo gooood.  Great combo.Onion Tart.  An excellent dish but I kind wish this course was something else.  I guess its cause I 'm such a carnivore.Parsley Puree & wild mushrooms.  While I enjoyed the dish, I really didn't get any parsley flavor.Dover Sole.  A disappointment.  For that amount of money you would think I would get a different fish than dover sole.  Nothing out of the ordinary.Quail stuffed with foie gras.  Awesome!  So tender and rich.  Only complaint is that I only got 2 small pieces.Don't remember exactly what we had for dessert but I remember that it was very good.This restaurant is one of the best I'ver eaten at.  Its just that for $155 I want to be wowed and I think this particular menu did not live up to that.
5	Ate here on Restaurant Week. Loved the atmosphere - watching the kitchen in action is half the fun. The food was excellent, highlighted by my veal piccata. Service met the price, which is always a challenge.
4	Two years ago we ate at L'Atelier and it still resounds in my taste buds. We returned and took advantage of the $49/person L'Unique Menu served from 5:30-6:45PM. We were brought two baskets of gorgeous bread and fine quality butter that we couldn't stop eating. Then got even more refills. The L'Unique has 3 courses with 2 choices in each course, so each couple ordered both. First course: Creamy cauliflower soup--very rich with bits of buttery croutons OR charcuterie platter--generous selection of cured meats and pates which made us eat even more bread. Second course: Veal cheeks--braised with a syrah sauce Or cod fillet--cooked perfectly with a lovely, light butter sauce. Third course: Peanut butter mousse--specks of gold flakes surrounded the mousse OR mascarpone mandarin orange cake--topped with a white chocolate sliver; this was refined. We ordered a very nice bottle of red French wine for $40. What a great value for such a high end restaurant compared to other places in Vegas. One thing to note is that all three courses are brought at once on a large platter, but in separate dishes. My only complaint is that the entrees were not hot. (thus the 4* rating). Maybe we let them sit too long while savoring the first course.    I commend the restaurant for putting as much thought and care in preparing this prix fixe menu as in the higher price tasting menus. The service is attentive and friendly. We really appreciated Sunday, our server who took time to take our photos, packed up the extra bread to go, and let us charge on separate credit cards. Final note: on our return home, we popped the bread into 350 oven for 3 minutes and the texture and flavor still held up! Would recommend and return to L'Atelier in a heartbeat.
4	I love sitting at the bar, it's a wonderful experience.  The food was delicious and the execution was right on.  I wasn't crazy about every dish, but I was able to appreciate the skill that was involved with everything.  It's a pricey restaurant, but worth a visit.
4	This was an experience.  The restaurant.  The staff.  And of course the food.  Even before sitting down at our table, my mouth was watering.  I couldn't wait to see what kind of imagination and culinary mastery was about to be unleashed upon us.  From the amazing bread basket to the french pressed coffee, it was perfect.  Whenever I go to restaurants by world class chefs that we don't have back home in Hawaii, I like to go for the sampling/seasonal menu.  We all opted for the seasonal discovery menu.We had L'amuse Bouche to start off the flavor explosions.  It was foie gras with a foam on top served in a shot glass.  This was my favorite.  The foie gras was so creamy.  The foam had a lot of taste.  You'd think the foam wouldn't but this one did.  Hit me with more shots!Next was Le Crabe Royale.  Like a deluxe chunky crab salad between two thinly sliced turnip disc.  And a very very tasty sauce.  Nice.La Saint-Jacques was up next.  A sea scallop in a chive oil/sauce.  Very sweet and perfectly cooked.  Clean.  La Cebette, a white onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus.  The next one that came out, I don't recall the name here, was like a mushroom soup on steroids.  I liked this one very much.  it had a lightly poached egg underneath and when the yolk burst, it just made it become richer in taste and feel.  La Sole was a dover sole with leek and ginger.  I really liked this one.  The fish was prepared perfectly.  Firm but not mushy.  A little bit of a crust to give a textural contrast.  The leeks and ginger complimented the fish nicely.The next course was a choice between a quail stuffed with fois gras or a hangar steak.  I got the steak and my wife got the quail and we switched half-way through the dish.  You can't compare the two so if you go, go with a partner so you can sample both.The two desserts were totally different but both winners.  One was a cool refreshing mojito inspired ice/ice cream.  Tasted like a mojito and very light and tart.  Kinda refreshing after all the different flavors we had just tasted.  The second one was a hazlenut kind if cake.  Layers of chocolate and hazlenut mousse I believe.  What it was, it was rich and tasty.  Sorry, I didn't get the name of these dishes.Like the name says, this is Chef Robuchon's workshop.  He put out some really nice and exciting dishes.  Ones that I would have never dreamed of.  Staff and service were very helpful and informative.  Big ups all around for this place.
3	I expected more from a Michelin star and ~$200/person. I had the tasting menu and everything was okay. That's the problem... it was just okay. For that price, I expect more than just okay.The amuse and dessert were EXCEPTIONAL. However, the okay-ness of the rest of the meal really averaged out the equation.Amuse = foie gras parfait with port reduction and parmesan foam = delight in my mouthDessert = layers... hazelnut sponge, crisp choco tuile, frozen meringue, crisp choco tuile, chocolate/hazelnut gelato, hazelnut crisp = heaven  We also had some cured ham slices which were also QUITE GOOD. If it were not so expensive, I would have given it 4 stars... it's just I'd rather spend that money somewhere else, like Providence in LA.
5	This was hands down one of the best meals of my life.. So far. Foie Gras and Steak Tartar were amazing. Raspberry dessert sphere for dessert. A sampler of tarts from the host.. Really just superb. Cucumber martini as well, perfectly made.At first it would seem like the portions are small but really does fill you up just right. In terms of a review.. You simply MUST try this restaurant.The host was a bit.. off-putting and we almost left. Thank goodness we didn't because we would have missed out on this amazing meal. SO GOOD. I couldn't even deduct a star for her. Will make more time to have sampling of all the foods next time !!
5	Like Pamela said, one of the best, if not the best meal of my life so far.  Did the seasonal discovery menu, it was worth the $155, almost every dish was better than the one before it.  The sea scallop was just unbelievably good, possibly the most perfectly cooked scallop I've ever had.  I can't say enough about this place.  I will say this though, it's a great place for a special occasion, because I will not be going there anytime soon do the the prices, but man, what a meal.
5	Pre-theater menu was very delicious, but not quite worth $50. The Eat and switch prix-fixe was amazing and is the best value.
4	I tried the $49 fast meal since I had a show to catch.  The chicken was very moist... as great as chicken can get.  It all came out on one plate like a combination order one would get at a Japanese restaurant which is great since I don't like to wait in between.  The desserts were both refreshingly good.  The service was also decent--no complaints.
4	food was great.  best mashed potatoes ever.  had the iberico ham, foie gras torchon, egg for appetizers and the steak tartare and lobster for mains.  all were exceptional. not sure about the concept of bar seating, although it was cool to watch the kitchen and see them hand chop and make the steak tartare from steak to plate.  less formal than what I expected and for the price, but the focus here is on the food rather than service.service was ok.  over the course of he evening we watched as our neighbor's butter slowly migrated in front of us.  despite having a reservation, we had to wait approx 20 minutes to be seated, probably because they do take walk-ins.great place to go for great food, but the place is tiny and noisy, especially if you're seated at the bar where you can be held hostage by your outspoken drunk neighbors.
5	Now this place is legit! I came here last June with a friend of mine, Michelle C., while we were visiting Las Vegas for the weekend. I was so excited about dining here because I had heard of this place on Yelp actually. People just raved about the food and atmosphere here that I had to come check it out for myself. The food is very expensive here, but definitely cheaper than eating next door at Joel Robuchon's Mansion. When I first arrived to L'Atelier I immediately was amazed by the ambiance and decor; very sophisticated and modern. You have the option of sitting up at the bar area over looking the open kitchen or at a table. My friend and I both love to cook so we had made a reservation ahead of time for the bar area since we heard that it's more fun and interactive versus sitting at a table. Our waiter brought out some delicious bread to start off with. This was probably the best basked of bread I've ever had the pleasure of eating while waiting for my dinner to be prepared. It was a variety of different rolls and they were all very good, soft, and buttery. While our food was being prepared our waiter brought us a complimentary tomato gazpacho soup with a balsamic reduction, baby croutons, and basil. Best gazpacho I've ever had! For dinner I had ordered a crab salad, which was so delicious. The crab was very fresh and they served large chunks of it over a bed of butter lettuce with freshly shaved parmesan cheese and a light vinaigrette. I also ordered this asparagus, bacon, and gruyere cheese tart. The tart was similar to a puff pastry and with the bacon, asparagus, and melted gruyere cheese on top it just melted in my mouth. The combination of flavors were wonderful. My friend had ordered the Seasonal Discovery Menu which consisted of 9 courses. She must have been crazy when ordering this because 9 courses is just insane. She wasn't about to finish all 9 courses and was defeated by the 7th course (my favorite course actually). Because there was so much food I luckily got to try most of her dishes. Yay for me! My favorites would have to have been the Foie Gras Stuffed Free-Range Quail with Truffled Mashed Potatoes and the Sea Scallop Topped with Chive Oil. Both dishes were excellent and those truffled mashed potatoes were probably the best mashed potatoes I've ever eaten. I had absolutely no room for dessert at this point so I finished off my meal with an espresso, which was mighty tasty. Michelle C. was given two desserts on top of her 9 course meal, but couldn't even eat them because she was so full. To make a long story short this dining experience was one I'll always remember. Lots of good food and a good time. I will definitely go back to L'Atelier when I return to Las Vegas and maybe next time I'll take on the 9 course Seasonal Discovery Menu myself.
5	How I've not reviewed this is beyond me.  Perhaps it's that I was so blown away that I've just come to. ;)Some people go to Vegas and lose their money betting.  I prefer to obtain goods and services with my money.  So while I know people who will easily drop hundreds on a craps table, I see no shame in spending $250 on a meal for myself. Not when it's THIS good. It's been said that my eyes are bigger than my stomach - and this certainly held true when I was at L'Atelier 6 months ago when I ordered the seasonal discovery menu and ate everything but one dish. There was no way I was going to come here and not try a little bit of (nearly) everything.   1.Avocado and cilantro flavored grapefruit gelee2.King crab on turnip discs with sweet and sour sauce3.Sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil (THE MOST AMAZING THING I'VE EVER EATEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE)4.White onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus5.foie gras ravioli in a warm chicken broth with herbs6.dover sole filet with baby leek ginger 7.Foie gras stuffed quail and truffled mashed potatoes with chives.Number 7 is the dish that kicked my ass. And it's SO small -- I just couldn't do it. I ate (barely) half the quail and like a quarter of the most delicious mashed potatoes I've ever consumed. I did however make room for the 8. strawberry granite, 9. light lemon parfait caramelized ganache and blueberry ice cream and 10. the espresso.  I shared these, along with samples of some of the aforementioned because sharing is caring. ;)I'm definitely coming back here. It worth the price of admission.
5	Eating here as a last taste of Vegas before flying home, we only had time for the pre-theater menu.  The restaurant is beautiful, deep black and red, with a decor exclusively created from grains and vegetables in wonderful accents.The food was delicious, especially the asparagus soup and creme brulee - so light!  The service was impeccable, and the bar seats and open kitchen gave a fun view of the chefs at work.
5	One of the best meals of my life, all the way through.  Came here with three other people, we all had the Seasonal Discovery Menu, and everyone was blown away by the food.Highlights -Amuse Bouche of Foie Gras with port wine.The Lobster with Turnip Slices was my favorite - perfectly balanced, great texture, perfect way to start.White Onion Tart with Asparagus - Sounded like it wouldn't work, but it did.Quail Stuffed with Foie Gras - Sounds like this is their signature dish, and it definitely didn't disappoint.Cocktails we had were great, strong, worth the money.Service was very personable, knowledgeable, they seemed to remember some of the regulars who were sitting at the counter, very informative about the process that goes into the dishes.Definitely recommend sitting at the counter as well - anyone who has worked in a restaurant will appreciate seeing the process, the kitchen is immaculate, and aesthetically the whole restaurant is welcoming and comfortable.Will be back next time I'm in town.
5	Wow, the food is just amazing! But if you are a big eater, you might have to stop somewhere for some food later because the portions are very tiny but there is no word to describe the dishes. I did think it was overpriced because I have been to 5 stars places before and I didn't quite spend 1/3 of what we spent there. I would not spend over 800 for a dinner for 2 again. It was just a great experience.
4	Well... It's been about 4 years since I ate here (maybe longer? I was here about 3 weeks after they opened in the MGM). And that was far before I joined the Yelp community. But this place left a lasting impression on me, even if it was in the over glamored Las Vegas setting, which is fun, but annoys me, because they take the bits and pieces of the best parts of the world, and water it down. - That's my take on Vegas in a nutshell (for culture)Anyway - On to the review:  As I said, I was left with a very strong impression about this place.  Perhaps its because my first "over the top" foamed-gastro experience. Looking back, also a bit less educated and interested.  I thought that the foaming of some of my favorite flavors was neat, and interesting, but left a lot of the texture to be desired.  At the time, I also felt that the flavors seemed forced, and were some how lacking.Looking back at the pictures of the food (I tend to keep a camera handy whenever I'm spending a good amount of cash on a meal) and re-reading some of my comments (again, I've made this a habit... Good or bad, who knows? I'm not a blogger, I just want to remind myself about my meals) I made to myself, and extracting, said flavors, I am realizing that I was just trying to act Jaded, and annoyed.  Really, the flavors were so amazing, and the portions, while small, were affordable enough that we could order 2 or 3 dishes each (actually, I think my buddy ordered 2 and I ordered 5) and not walk away with a stupid expensive bill (we're talking Vegas pricing... So, figure time and a half of what you'd expect to pay for something high end)Also: I really enjoyed sitting at the counter.  Gave me the Sushi chef experience, which I so love, (but never get outside of Sushi) that you never see in Western Cuisine.  Having the Kitchen wait on you, is a truly a great experience.  I hope more people adopt this practice, even if it costs the guest an additional compensation fee, it really is quite spectacular. Maybe it's just me, but I feel more comfortable asking a cook whose handling my food, what Isinglass is than a full fledged, career server...
5	Like Commis in Oakland, this restaurant boasts a relaxed yet sophisticated atmosphere by offering countertop seating, overlooking the magic in the kitchen. It's dimly lit for romance, yet low key enough to be a relaxed (expensive) dinner for no reason at all.The staff is friendly and polite, without being snooty. Each dish is carefully prepared with the freshest ingredients and care to detail. It is in short, wonderful.Expect little, get a lot. Really, come here for dinner. It will not disappoint. I've yet to experience Joel Robuchon next door, but I think I'm happy spending half as much at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. I prefer non stuffy air with my good food. But alas, I won't knock it til I try it. That review comes later... until then, I shall return to this establishment very soon.
5	This is second best to l'atelier in paris (the paris location has the benefit of being located in paris, of course).  Exquisite food, and a bargain compared to the restaurant next door.  Wonderful food, excellent service (I find the service is often very good in las vegas), and for someone who lives in LA, this place is a very good substitute for a quick trip to Paris.
5	The first thing I did after checking in my hotel was to make a reservation at L'atelier de Joel Robuchon. Since I called in a couple of hours before they opened, they wern't able to take reservations. However, they do accept walk-ins but just be sure to get there when they open around 5:30 pm as the reservationist said I had a good probability of getting in. Not only is the decor amazing, the service is so wonderful and helpful without any sense of pretentiousness whatsoever. The staff takes care of you real well especially the serving chef that takes your order and brings you your food. At the bar area, hence "L'Atelier" meaning the workshop, you are served by one of the chefs as behind the bar counter is the kitchen.I opted for the Club menu ($95). A big plus with L'atelier is that they allow you to substitute courses for any other items not offered by the specific menu for a surcharge depending on the requested dish. They do offer a la carte and two other menus which are the theater Menu ($45-50 for a 3 course pre-theater meal) and the Seasonal menu ($155 for many more courses).For what I decided to drink throughout the meal, I went with one of the Bordeaux by the glass as I wasn't in the mood to break the bank in order to opt for the wine pairing. Also, they served me 3 different kinds of bread as well which I remembered tasted great. With what I could remember, I'm pretty sure they were a baguette, a butter roll, and a rosemary focaccia.The Club Menu:Amuse Bouche: Foie Gras Parfait with Parmesan foam - What a great way to kick off the meal with this custard-like starter.1st Course: Le Foie Gras (I substituted the original mussels dish for a $10 surcharge) - This is seared foie gras from france on top of a bed of lentils. As what the serving chef said, usually seared foie gras is paired with sweet fruits such as cherries, apples or peaches. However, this dish is amazing as it was paired with savory lentils. It definitely was one of the best foie gras dishes I've ever had in my life.2nd Course: La Langoustine - A langoustine fritter. This dish was great in presentation and taste. I like how the langoustine was not tough/chewy as shellfish do have the tendency to be overcooked. The only issue I have in my opinion was that there be some more acidic flavoring to it. A great dish nonetheless.3rd Course - Le Boeuf (I chose this dish instead of the salmon dish) - The preparation I had was that it came out as braised beef cheeks. This rich dish was amazing and it definitely tops the best French braised beef dishes I've ever had. It was also accompanied with creamy penne pasta with various mushrooms.4th Course: Les Fromages - The three various cow and sheep cheeses they offered were alright. I remembered one of them being Bleu cheese. The bread that accompanied them was great. The main issue  I have with this dish however is that the pieces were too big as most restaurants of this caliber serve cheeses thinner as to eat together with the bread. 5th Course: Glaces et Sorbet - This dessert is composed of three different ice creams and three different sorbets accompanied with thin squares of candy and chocolates. I could only remember four out of six of them which were the coconut and Nutella ice creams, and strawberry and mango sorbets. The ice creams tasted great. However, I found the sorbets to be too tart.Ending Drink - I opted for a single Macallan 18 yr served neat which tasted amazing. I was originally planning on having a cognac to end my meal seeing that it was a French restaurant after all. However, the price for a single Hennessy V.S.O.P was around $20 whereas the Macallan 18 yr was more around $15. I can't find an explanation for the prices as Hennessy V.S.O.P is around $45-50 a bottle whereas a  bottle of Macallan 18 yr will run you around $120-150. With those bottle prices, I found it to be a steal for Macallan 18 yr being served at 15 a pop at a fine dining establishment.My experience at L'atelier de Joel Robuchon was nothing less than stellar. Not only did it live up to my expectations, it made me realize why Joel Robuchon was named Chef of the Century. With his novel and revolutionary methods of cooking and wonderful service omitting the stereotypical pretentiousness associated with these sort of restaurants paved way as a model for current fine dining establishments to take. I will definitely be coming back for their much grander Seasonal menu in the near future.
4	There are a couple of choices when it comes to ordering at L'Atelier; you can order a la carte, or one of their two dining menus (one is six courses for $95, the other is nine or ten for $145). We ordered both dining menus to get a taste of everything. The food at L'Atelier is definitely at the top of its game-- our amuse bouche was some kind of foamed foie gras. Absolutely mindblowingly ridiculous. Some of my favorite dishes were the onion tart, the mussel soup (which has no mussels at all!), the quail stuffed with foie gras, and the mashed potatoes. Like others have mentioned, the potatoes are really, really tasty. It has an almost fluffed texture-- very creamy and silky. Plus, if you get the truffle version, it's really that much better.For the 6 course tasting menu, I had the option of trying an assortment of tarts or housemade ice cream. Of course the tarts, right?! Out comes 5 mini slices of tarts, which tasted as good as it looked! The other menu had a champagne infused coconut gelee, which had a strong champagne taste. I also ordered a raspberry mojito that was very good too.Overall it is a must-try if you have the time and money to do so!
4	Was here for Valentine's because I couldn't get a reservation at Robuchon last minute.  If this is a preview for Robuchon next door then I can't wait to go.  I'm impressed with the amount of creativity, detail and quality that goes into every dish.   I'm new to French cuisine and I'm loving it.
3	Alright so it was good... but was it $100 good? I loved the oysters. They were creamy, small, and lightly buttered. But were they best I ever had? Nah.The kampachi was delicious also. It was the size of my business card though.The foie gras burgers made me give foie gras a second chance. Wow, really rich and creamy!I had the Hanger Steak as an entree, probably the best Hanger Steak I've ever had. But at $50, I wouldn't have minded settling for something at Mon Ami.I finished with the White Chocolate Mousse with Chocolate Pearls. It reminded me alot of Mon Ami Gabi's. The drinks were nice, but nothing special. I got the raspberry mojito which didn't have enough flavor and kick to it. The wine decent, but I paid $12-18 per glass!Overall, it was good but not worth the price tag. I would definitely return to the original Joel Robuchon for dinner maybe to give the prix fixe a shot. But I think L'Atelier was overpriced for what you get.
5	This place is still as great as ever!  We came for the L'Unique menu at $49 per person, which is available before 6:45pm and is served within 15 minutes (for people with show tickets).  But we had time so we decide on the Menu Club at $95 per person.  So worth it.  We also got the wine pairing at $65 per person and had a great time!  The server that usually helps us (Kawaki) was there and still remembered us.  Even a manager who remembered us came by to say hello.  It's been a while so these people have crazy good memories!The menu is completely different but still terrific.
5	I really Enjoyed this place while we were in Vegas, we sat at the counter and it made for a most enjoyable and memorable evening. I would suggest the wine tasting with your meal, it adds extra bucks, but it adds to the meal no doubt. There was only one dish in the tasting menu I didn't prefer but everything else was unforgettable. A Special Dining experience in Vegas.
5	Is there anything wonderful left to say about the master  Joel Robuchon ?Our experience was simply amazing, the food, the wine, the service. Chose the $85 set menu with wine pairing, everything was exquisite we were almost ready for dessert when we saw the couple next to us having Pata Negra and couldn't resist to order it. The service was impeccable , the place is so beautiful It is a once in a lifetime experience and it is worth every penny
4	Been here with my Ex three years back the eight course for two was phenomenon.....
5	Very pricey dinner, but well-worth it, I think.  We ordered the seasonal discovery menu (without wine pairing), which consisted of 10 courses.  I loved all of the dishes save for a couple--which weren't bad, but just not my "taste."  L'Atelier has a great setup and atmosphere--very noisy and lively.  If you're looking for candlelit romance with white tablecloths and suit jackets, go next-door to its sister restaurant "Robuchon" (just be prepared to pay twice as much).  Most of the seats are situated at a counter around the kitchen so you get to see the chefs in action.  With the skill and precision they employ, it's almost like watching a doctor performing surgery.  The chefs also serve you themselves and provide the details of each dish.
5	I was hoping I could get a 5 star review out of one of the restaurants on my list in Vegas, and I am delightfully able to grant that esteemed privilege to L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. I'm sure he'll hang this printout next to his Michelin star(s). Seriously though, this is how I wish all tasting menus were composed. It was incredibly thoughtful and well composed, but without being stupid. Fancy, yes, absurd no. There were no lavender pillows or dry ice involved...but it wasn't needed. Superior to both Alinea and Trotters on the visits I've made, and rated "below" them both from a Michelin perspective.The tasting menu, as I said, was outstanding. Some real standouts included the amuse bouche - a really nice tomato gazpacho with avocado cream and cucumber. Crisp, cold, and refreshing, like a super high end V8, honestly. A very good start to the meal. A scallop seared in ginger lemon grass oil and topped with scallions was perfectly cooked and succulent. The asparagus, slid inside large macaroni, topped with broiled cheese, and served with sweet, softened tiny onion strips and ham was outstanding - I would never equate macaroni with asparagus, but it works.However, my favorites were the sole, and king crab, and the quail. The sole was mild, light, moist and flaky, again in a light oil, but with thin slices of fresh ginger and baby leeks, plus tiny crispy onion rings. The combination of the sharp ginger and the savory onion with that light sole was outstanding. The ginger didn't overpower, but added a little bit of a light spicy citrus flavor to the mild fish. King crab was good, though not standout, but in a tangy dressing, with curry powder and incredibly crisp bell pepper - seemingly shaved from very near and including the skin, so that it crackled when chewed, and that served as a good texture counterpoint to the crab, and provded an excellent green taste compliment to the crabmeat and dressing. And the quail. Oh, the quail. Probably one of the most thoughtful dishes I've ever eaten. Quail pan seared and glazed with a soy honey sauce, stuffed with rich foie gras, with truffled mashed potatoes on the side, and a terrific salad of dill, chervil, taragon, and frisee on the side, topped with truffle vinaigrette. This was my requisite, 5 star, "oh my god" moment. The lightly gamey quail was divine combined with almost melted, creamy foie gras, and the salty sweet glaze over all of it. That unique herb salad was the perfect counterpart to a heavily salty/savory meat and potato combo - really creative and appropriate touch. I'll take a few more of these please...Dessert was no slouch either - delicious vanilla short bread with frozen pineapple mouse, light lime cream, superb, crisp, refreshing lemongrass sorbet, and pop rocks on top for a little sparkle. Nothing wrong with having a little fun - I would have honestly guessed crushed pineapple life savers until I let one hit my tongue - easy to correct my guess from that point. Even some shaved pineapple, marinated in ginger and black pepper, on the side, which was no slouch as far as garnishes go. A very light, crisp dessert, which was nice after the rich quail. Finally, something similar to what I've experienced at Frontera Grill - citrus with chocolate. A grapefruit gelee and grapefruit segments with a light cocoa nib sorbet, hazelnut parfait, and some foam (have to have foam). I never used to think this would be a good combo, but the chocolate/hazelnut obviously go together, and the grapefruit is a wonderful match, strange though it seems.Service was outstanding as well - I sat at the bar and watched over a staff busily assembling each dish with tweezers - no joke. Maybe this is common, I don't know, as I usually can't see the kitchen when I'm at spots like this. My waiter, Kawika, was exceedingly helpful with recommendations (I had to choose the quail or the lamb - I chose right), discussions of the flavors in the dishes, just a very polite and attentive server.As I said, this was a better tasting menu than I've ever enjoyed. Better than Alinea in its mix of flavors and general execution. Better than Charlie Trotter's...which I haven't even written a review for, as I can't remember it well enough. I had my "oh my god" moment during that quail course, so I have no problem awarding 5 stars. It won't win on value - more than Tru or Sixteen would be in Chicago, although still less than Alinea or Trotter's. But the food and the service was truly outstanding. I'm very happy I splurged.
5	Food was great! Service was great! Venue was so cute. Each plate was esthetically pleasing. But pricy. Was it worth it? I think so...even though my gfs and I paid $32 for water. (be careful when they ask you if you want 'still or sparkled'. We forgot to listen for 'tap' and ordered 'still'. Unless, of course, you're a baller and don't mind paying for water.)The chef started us off with amuse bouche. It was a shot glass of smooth, decadent foie gras topped with Parmesan foam. AMAZING. One of the best foie gras I've ever had. It was silky and melted in your mouth and then the Parmesan foam added a nice little punch of flavor. We ordered:The lobster salad: Very good. Lobster on a bed of lettuce. Very nice. Prob my favorite dish of the evening. Rib-eye: Very flavorful. Comes with a side of decadent, creamy, heart-clogging buttery mashed potatoes. Artichoke with crab: not my favorite, but it was still good.We got this other asparagus dish-it was wrapped in cheese. Forgot what else was in it. It was ok. Obviously not memorable. Haha Cheese plate: 4 selections? Yummy. Even their bread was good. They had these small croissant buns. Flaky, buttery, and delicious!! I will be back...Just need to save up for it.
5	OMG!  Where to start?!  Let's just say that this place is on the double + list!The food here is SO fantastic.  It's one of those places where every first bite you take from a new course, you can only chew twice before you have to stop, let your still occupied mouth gape open enough to mutter the words, 'oh my god'.  Then your eyes roll back in your head, your neck goes weak and the grin comes.  You know that moment?  Yeah, that good.First was the amuse.  No, wait.  First was the bread!  Even the bread was that amazing.  Teeny baguette with a crusty but still kinda soft crust and a chewy but delicate crumb smeared with rich, salty butter.  Fab.  Probably the best 'baguette' I've ever had in my life.  Period.  Not to mention the dainty little croissant-like beauty that I could have eaten 3 of had I not been afraid of its affects on my waistline.  They were somethin' else.  Really.Back to the amuse bouche.  Also wonderful.  I wish I remembered the details as to not dumb it down, but I don't.  The bottom layer was some tomato gelee (but in no way was it rubbery) and the top was a silky avocado cream.  It was round and had depth.  It made my mouth water and then softly coated it.  The greens and sliced radishes provided a freshness and crunch.  It was an excellent start.Then we had the langoustine fritter.  I have to admit that I was expecting something else by the use of the term 'fritter' but was, none the less, complete happy with the dish in actuality.  Instead of a batter that utilized the meat of the crustacean, it was the little body in its entirety, encompassed in a most delicate wonton-esc wrapper, then deep fried to a crispy golden brown.  The basil leaf laid atop the meat showed through the mostly transparent wrapper and the pesto beneath enhanced its purpose.  The langoustine, itself was, of course, sweet, flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The lightly lemon-y baby greens lent a lovely, bright counterpart to the dish.  Then came our absolute favorite.  Foie gras stuffed quail with truffle mashed potatoes.  Um, yeah.  They somehow managed to de-bone the body of the quail (someone in that kitchen has amazing knife skills:) and wrap it around a piece of foie gras.  I wonder how long it took to perfect this dish.  I bet that was a fun one to test over and over.  Not to mention that next to it sat a pillow of butter ladened, velvety black truffle mashed potatoes that alone were truly luxurious.   The dish was so rich and delicious, I don't think we spoke one word to each other throughout the that course.And as if that weren't decedent enough, we also ordered the beef and foie gras burger with caramelized bell peppers.  So adorable!  Two tiny, burgers layered with a slice of seared foie, onions and bells and a little tuft of micro greens.  I'm not sure the greens even had a chance of lending flavor amidst its companions but were pretty, none the less.  A smear of gastrique took ketchup's place, helping to cut the fat for one bite or so but wasn't missed on the rest.  (Fries: meh... not really worth talking about.)Unfortunately, we weren't able to taste an of the jamon iberico that was being hand sliced with such care.  In quantity and calorically, we'd had our fill!Next was a simple espresso with beautiful crema and a creamy, little milk chocolate.  The perfect finish.L'Atelier is sexy and swanky; all red and black.  Seating is mostly at the bar that lines the open kitchen with few tables on the perimeter of the small and intimate restaurant.  And as you can imagine, the service was impeccable.  Not a flaw to be found.  New food runners and other support staff kept popping up from unknown places and our server never left our vision.  This place is so clearly dialed, it most certainly deserves its Michelin star.I would also like to disclose that one also pays for an experience such as this one.  L'Atelier was by no means a bargain.  It was quite expensive but well worth it.  When expectations of greatness are not only met but surpassed, dropping this kind of dough is merited.The short version (out of 10)...Food:  10Service:  10Ambiance:  10Overall impression:  10Would I go back?I guess I probably didn't need to include this part since it is so clearly a 'YES!'
4	We had a fun experience eating at the bar yesterday. The restaurant has a very contemporary, Asian influenced atmosphere. It is a lot smaller then I expected.  Overall, we had a good experience dining here. Will be returning to try their other creations in the future. In order to try more dishes without doing the 10 course seasonal menu at $155pp, my hubby did the 5- course Menu Club selection for $95pp and I did 2 small portion dishes with one regular entree for $104. It worked out perfectly since it allowed us to try all the dishes we wanted to try. I got the Kusshi oysters, foie gras stuffed quail, and the Maine lobster salad. Overall, the stand out dishes for me were the lobster salad & vegetable fondant with avocado cream amuse bouche, absolutely delightful- light, refreshing, and balanced flavors. My hubby enjoyed la langoustine, bread, and tarts desserts. Yes, bread. He is a fan of baguettes and they have light, crisp but slightly chewy baguettes plus mini croissants, and dinner rolls that are served at the beginning and constantly refilled.The only thing with sitting at the bar is they don't keep your water filled as consistently. That's one of my pet peeves at restaurants. I'm happy if my water is always kept full. Unfortunately, that didn't happen here. I would expect more from a one Michelin rated restaurant. At this point, I'd already spent over $300 on food over the course of one day. Although it was a good experience overall, I probably wouldn't return for a while. But it does pique my interest for the Joel Robuchon restaurant. We'll be saving up to go there. $385pp. Yikes!! With no wine pairing.
3	3 stars based on the price-quality ratio.If u ignore the price, then the food's probably 3.5 stars.We had the chef's tasting menu.. the price came to USD 400 for 2 of us. The food didnt wow us as we expect a restaurant of such calibre should. We have tasted food better than this at much lower price, not to mention food at this price. Of cos, the food was good, especially the asparagus with macaroni gratin, crispy lobster fritter, king crab a la plancha, stuffed quail with foie gras and the coconut mousse on rose champagne granite (these were 4.5 stars) based on taste alone.Service was great and attentive, but if u come in parties of 2, you will be seated at the counter. We will prefer a table anytime.Maybe we set our expectations too high after reading the reviews, or maybe we expect more from Joel Robuchen, this is definitely not worth 5 stars.
5	I'm going to write a real review in a few days.  Let's just say -- I give it 18 stars out of 5.By far the most expensive meal I've ever had, but it has actually changed my attitude about food and eating.
5	This was one of the best meals of my life. The only one better was in Paris!We had the tasting menu and the bill with tax and tip was around 400, but it was worth it.No need for me to write on and on. GO GO GO!
5	Truly a destination for any lover of fine cuisine, L'atelier is without question one of the best restaurants in the world. Joel Robuchon has several L'atelier restaurants around the world and they signify the vision of Robuchon, named the chef of the century. Serving in small plate Tapas style one has the fortune of exploring various dishes in one dinner. Dishes are immaculately conceived and beautiful in both presentation and flavor. It is a real experience for anyone who loves food to sit at the counter around the kitchen and watch masters prepare each plate. The environment of the restaurant is inviting and fun. Service is top notch and dishes are quick to your counter or table.The L'Unique menu is an unbeatable offer and is served within 15 minutes. How else could one have world class food, in 15 minutes to get you in and out in time for your show? The MGM is one of the best hotels in Vegas for food and entertainment and to eat for such an affordable price and make it comfortably in time for any of the shows at MGM or even at another hotel is worth your business.Even dishes as simple in pairing as Duck breast and turnip are cooked to such elegance and perfection that it remains one of my favorite bites ever. There is no excuse to miss the opportunity to eat at L'atelier. This restaurant is affordable, inviting, service takes as long as you want it to, and is a culinary experience.
4	couldn't give it 5 stars because the steak, our $9 per oz steak, was so not good. later i realized i should have had it sent back. luckily, everything else was great so they still get 4 stars. just stay away from the steak and you should enjoy your meal.
5	Sitting at the counter in front of the open kitchen, we watched intently as the chefs carefully prepared the meal we were about to eat.  The chefs were organized with miltary precision.  The head chef walked around like a patrolman.  He looked over his chef's shoulders and gave clear orders.  At the sound of his voice, his subordinates simply responded with a "oui chef" as they looked down and they were focused on their tasks.In one station, there was a chef meticulously assembling salads with tweezers.  As he carefully arranged ingredients - one piece at a time, he had a focused yet calm smile on his face.  It was interesting to see.In another station, there was a chef at the grill.  She carefully turned over steaks and was very deliberate with her actions.  The head chef often interacted with her and her focus never wavered.In a third station, there were two chefs preparing appetizers.  Using two spoons, they carefully scuplted grounded salmon sashimi into round mounds and then they cautiously added ingredients- one by one- by hand or by tweezers.  All the seats at L'Atelier are countertop with clear view of the kitchen.  Being able to see the interaction of the staff, their cleanliness, and their focus made the experience memorable.  It was even better when we got to try the food.I went with the L'Unique menu, which was a prix fixe menu for $59.  Everything was amazingly flavorful.  I won't pretend to be an expert of french cooking...all I can tell you is that it was a fantastic experience and that the food was so good that my friends and I left satisfied.  Everything from the bread to the mashed potatoes to the flank steak and desserts were amazingly fresh, flavorful, and well balanced.  It was a great experience and I'd love to come back to L'Atelier or it's more fancy neighbor, "Joel Robuchon".
5	Tasting Menu!Go for the tasting menu (they will ad hoc a wine pairing if you ask) and go for a seat at the bar overlooking the kitchen/prep area.unique and flavorful, memorable dining, but relaxed atmosphere.  Exceptional meal and we have had it many times, never disappointed.
5	I don't care about the price, it IS Vegas! We had the tasting menu and dined facing the chefs. Watching them execute the most beautiful dishes. It was like watching art being made. We were in awe. Considering that the name translates to the "workshop" it is no doubt exactly that. The taste of everything was indescribable, so I'm not going to go into detail, and it was fantastic, amazing and beautiful. The wine also good, also very French. The service was great and this meal was perfection.
2	I have to admit I was disappointed. Having been to L'Atelier in London which was 10x better, I expected the same level of skill, produce, and service. Put simply, it was average food in small portions, presently nicely.As I was seeing 'O' that night I was looking for an early dinner option. The L'Unique menu entrees were very unremarkable, some kind of salad, and the other was asparagus. Meh. The beef main - overshadowed by the beef fillet at Andres I had the night before. And dessert was simply strawberry, whipped cream, and biscuit. Meh. They sat us next to two loud, uncouth women who disturbed everyone on the bar, the waiters noticed that the other customers on the bar were not happy, yet did not do anything to apologise, move us or move them. My second choice was Le Cirque. For $68 for their theater menu tasting course - I would probably recommend you go there instead.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on Saturday and the decor and open kitchen floor plan is OBVIOUSLY 5 stars. It's was gorgeous, unique, modern, and a fun, new interesting experience. Our server was so friendly and warm and kept us entertained.We had the 5 course tasting menu for $95 each, and I have to say, I was a little disappointed. BUT disclaimer: I think French food is an acquired taste and I definitely was not used to it because I thought it was extremely rich and heavy, and I felt a little sick after my meal. Embarrassing but my stomach was not too happy with me after dinner.One of the dishes, I couldn't even finish cause I started getting a headache, but our server was so polite and asked why I didn't finish and when I had told him, he offered to make me another dish to make up for it...and now THAT IS a 5-STAR service. Except, BECAUSE of the open kitchen, I saw him tell the chef that was there, and he made the most disgusted/shocked expression and I was honestly a little intimidated. But he did create another dish for me, which was delicious and less rich.I LOVE cheese and I wasn't too impressed with the cheese plate, but like I said, I think everything on the menu is a very acquired taste like goat cheese. Not a fan of goat cheese, never have and probably never will, but a lot of people LOVE it.Our server and maybe the manager? that was walking around and greeting guests even joked around with us which was awesome and made our dinner fun.So I think service and decor is definitely 5 stars, but the food wasn't my cup of tea, so I'm knocking off a star. Definitely giving you a fair warning if you eat pretty healthy and lean everyday, prepare for a buttery, rich meal. Maybe it was the choice of the 5 course menu that was rich? I would definitely try something else if I came back!
5	Fine Dining while watching the open kitchen here was one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas. We had made reservations for the L'Unique menu which was designed for people who wanted a complete meal but had limited dining time (such as before a show). For $59.00, we got to enjoy a fantastic meal of an app, entree and dessert- all served within about 15 minutes. Started with a bread basket that i'm sure would make Anthony N's bread basket notes. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=wcB4tCCHDP-MVZgumBWRIw It was served with 3 kinds: baguettes, country rolls and croissant rolls. The croissant was my favorite. They give u generous pads of butter and will give u extra bread- so eat up! You will be hard pressed to find better bread baskets. For the L'unique menu, we got to choose from two different items for each part of the meal. Between the bf and i, we got to try all of them. My dish: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=WtpRh5soYH-ievHYOznn7gEverything was beautiful and tasted amazing. They gave a pretty good amount of lobster with the sole and the sauces and vegetables were perfect. The salmon and tuna tartare was yum and tasted very fresh. The dessert was light and delicious and so very pretty :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=_t-FoXFZtmghxSyON9UZzgDude had the flank steak (cooked perfectly) with buttery mash potatoes, asparagus and the lemony berry dessert. Dude dislikes veggies, but he loved every bite of his meal.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=IDFSuLaOxP67CEmLH10DuAThe best part of this experience is watching the chefs making these beautiful dishes. Every chef had their special tasks in making each dish complete to perfection. We even saw a chef using tweezers to carefully place pieces together of a salad. Although the chefs and servers move swiftly to try to complete your meal in the promised 15 minutes, you never feel rushed or see anything done hastily. Our waiter checked on us just enough times to make sure everything was great and took the time to make conversation as well and answer any questions we had. Dude is a notoriously slow eater, and i had surprise tickets for him to see the Jabbawockeez after dinner. While he was busy taking photos of the decor and watching the chefs- i was afraid we were never gonna get to the show in time at the rate he was going, not even having touched his bread yet. But as dinner was served- to see his reaction to finally finding a vegas hotel restaurant that he truly enjoyed (he always complains they r never great)- from him watching the chefs, to enjoying every morsel on his plate, was well worth the price and nervousness!!!*if you want the Ultimate Robuchon experience, go to his restaurant next door.  (inside the MGM)
5	BF took me here for a small celebration.  It was by far the best dining experience of my life.  Extra attention to detail across the board.  Culinary professionals need to visit here and be pampered then work here and there would be no need for yelp.  Everything would be perfect in the restaurant world.The Sommelier was very helpful and spoke to me on my level despite the obvious depth of knowledge.
5	Just go!!  This was one of my all-time favorite dining experiences.  You have to be prepared for the format - rather than sitting at a table with a waiter, you sit a the "bar" surrounding the kitchen.  You get up-close-and-personal with your chefs, your sommelier, and your server.  It is simply amazing to watch the chefs prepare the meals.  Unfortunately we'd purchased show tickets; otherwise I could have stayed at L'Atelier for another 2 hours mesmerized by the kitchen and the plates they output.  The food was OUTSTANDING, and the presentation is impeccable.  We went early (6:15) to get to a show, so my husband got the $59 3-course meal, and I ordered off the menu.  Both of us were overwhelmed with how good our choices were, and I can't say enough about the panna cotta w/ strawberries and white chocolate marshmallows.  The staff is friendly, and even while maintaining a high-standard of service, they were more than willing to chat with the customersEverything about  L'Atelier was top-notch.
5	My wife and I enjoyed a fabulous dinner at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon last night.  We arrived just prior to our reservation time, and were quickly seated at the end of the counter, providing a more intimate environment, yet letting us watch the preparations in the kitchen first-hand.We decided to create our own "tasting menu", since we often share dishes and enjoy the opportunity to taste more things that way.  The price came out comparable to if each of us had ordered the $95 tasting menu, but with options more suited to our tastes.The bread was fabulous ... we just should have eaten less of it! :-)As for "small plates", we shared the anchovy filets, the "macaroni" (really a cheese-encrusted asparagus spear), the langoustine fritters, and the seared foie gras, followed by a main course of lobster fricasee.  Every dish was different, succulent, and explored unique tastes.  Absolutely spot on, with each item!We closed with the cheese course.  Very nice cheeses, but to me, there was a "same-ness" to them.  All fairly creamy, Brie-like cheeses, albeit with subtly different flavors.  I would have loved to explore varying textures and degrees of sharpness / mildness that didn't happen with the cheese selection.We had a glass of a wonderful pinor noir with dinner that was an excellent balance amongst all the different dishes.  A big, full red would have overpowered the food, while even a moderately robust white may have had too much presence.  The subtle flavors of the pinot were just right.The serving was well-paced, and our server was ever-present, without once being obtrusive.  He was knowledgeable, helpful with menu selection, warm, and friendly.Overall, an absolutely tremendous dining experience!
4	This is one of the few places in Las Vegas that leave me speechless. I'm a buffet and steakhouse guy and was impressed with this place. I've gone to excellent restaurants all over the United States and this one stands out. A few reasons for it. The atmosphere, the prices and the serving sizes. I came here, knowing full well that it would be expensive. I came in dressed casual and ate at the bar. The drinks were expensive but strong. Very rarely have I had a strong drink while at MGM Grand. I was open minded enough to try what was recommended. I was given the Duck Liver Parfait and was surprised how good it was. My other surprises were the smoked salmon main entree and the crab cake appetizer. The only issue with this place to me is the serving sizes. From going to the typical Steakhouses that serve large portions and other restaurants with similar sizes, I felt like I didn't get much value for my money.I spent around $80 for myself and I still had room for more.  The serving sizes would be perfect for a 90lb woman, but not for a tall/big American male.I recommend this place though for atmosphere.  This is a perfect place for couples who want a romantic dinner.  Compared to the other Joel Robuchon places, this place is the least expensive.
5	Pricey but worth every single penny!! I strongly recommend the tasting menu. It changes with each date but regardless everything they make is divine! I would know because I've been here three times and each time did the tasting menu and never disappointed. Also, do the complimenting wine list. They were the best 3 wines I ever had!!I've been to the NYC L'atelier too but the Vegas one is way better. The buttered biscuit and breads are heavenly and the waiters kept them coming everytime we asked.I LOVE this restaurant. The environment is so stylish and swanky. It's the ultimate dining experience (and best if you have reservations).
5	Loved the service, impeccable. The food was also real good. Was nice to see the workers prepare the food in front of you transparently. The waiter--was just perfect. The atmosphere, well, is ok, though you won't be expecting a big grand dining room or anything fancy. It is pricey, but feels like a kitchen-up market cafe. Everything else, however, was good. Loved it.
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in the US. EVERYTHING tastes delicious. Love the garden salad, the crab salad, the sliders, the langoustine, the steak tartare, the puree, the french fries, the Iberico ham, the onglet aux echalottes....this is a fantastic experience. In fact, when I go to Vegas, I have to eat there every night because I do not know a better restaurant. Emmanuel and Yannick are the managers and they will give you a service comparable to the quality of the food. Steve runs the kitchen and you can't help but to talk to him. The persons helping you on the other side of the bar are friendly, smart, efficient and professional. If you own a business where customer service is important (to me, it is always important), go, enjoy the food, open up your eyes and ears and learn...unbelievable experience.
5	Let me start by saying that this was the meal of my life and to top it off, Chef Robuchon was in the kitchen while we were there.  He only spoke french, but with my wife being fluent, and me knowing a bit, it was an honor to get to speak with him.  When you first arrive, you immediately notice the beautiful black decor and the kitchen in the center of the restaurant surrounded by a bar.  The best seats are at the bar by the way.  You get to watch every dish being prepared and it just feels very casual and relaxed as opposed to sitting at a stuffy table in a quiet dinning room.  All of the service from start to finish was superb.  Our server was fluent in 3 languages and was sharp as a tack.  He didn't miss a beat and helped us find 2 great bottles of wine.  For our meal, we chose the seasonal discovery tasting menu that evening.  You can order al a carte here, but I highly recommend doing to the tasting menu. Here is a snippet of the courses that were served:-Vegetable fondant topped with a delicate avocado cream-Sea Scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil-King crag a la plancha, vegetables with lemongrass oil-Sole filet, baby leeks, crispy onion rings and ginger-Blackberry compote with spice cake, rhubarb sorbetThe execution of each dish was flawless and the presentation was beautiful.  I think I actually cried a bit while I was eating the Sole filet.  The sea scallop was the single best piece of seafood I have ever put into my mouth.  I just closed my eyes and enjoyed every single bite like it was my last.  We finished the meal with coffees, ports, and espressos and were happy full.  Not bad full, like some tasting menus leave you after 9 courses.  This was truly an incredible foodie experience that I will never forget.  I will definitely be back when I visit Vegas again in November.
5	The last time I was in Vegas (two months ago), I had the pleasure of eating at yet another Michelin-starred establishment - one that I've been waiting to go to for a long time after hearing my friends rave about it.  Here I was, finally at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon!We were seated at the bar, which I really enjoyed because we got to see everyone at work preparing the food.  Our service was great.  A few standouts in our great meal:  1) the jamon iberico de bellota - you might think 'oh, it's just ham..'  it's NOT!  Get it.. it was so delicious.. melts in your mouth.. the flavor so good.... totally worth it!2) Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled-mashed potatoes - I haven't had foie gras served in this fashion before, and I have to say it was a great compliment to the quail.. I might be biased and say foie gras is a great compliment to just about anything but hey - it was great!  This is one of the signature dishes at L'Atelier, and for good reason.3) I had them do a wine pairing with my meal even though I didn't get a tasting menu, and for my quail dish they somehow read my mind and brought one of my favorite wines ever - the Domaine Serene Evenstad Pinot Noir!  magical.All the other food I had was also great, with the exception of the cheese course which was good but nothing mind-blowing.Highly recommended for a special meal in Vegas!
4	food was good but in smaller portions, compared to joel robuchon.  this is also a more casual setting compared.  food was definitely good especially the dessert.
5	I visit vegas w/ my parents once a year, so i like to treat them good.. we were dining in may 2011 and the discovery tasting menu was great...Just enough to get you full and then there's two desserts and expresso yum... when your in vegas you got to check this place out...On this visit i actually remember to take some pictures too....
3	Service: 5 StarsFood: 3 StarsI've been sitting on this review for awhile now....since my birthday back in April. We had decided to try the Seasonal Discovery Menu for $155 a person since that was what was recommended and we had time to enjoy the meal.1. L'Amuse-Bouche (Veggie fondant topped with a delicate avocado cream)- This was a good starter choice....I am a big fan of avocados so I was excited for more.2. Le Celeri (Celery Mousse with wasabi, beef stew gelee and shaved foie gras)- My first time ever having foie gras! BUT I was not that interested in it....I guess just not my cup of tea which is fine by me since I probably can't eat it all the time anyways since its expensive. The beef stew gelee was a bit different in texture which took some time to get used to. Not a big fan of wasabi surprisingly since I love sushi...so this was not my favorite. 3. La Saint-Jacques (Sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil): LOVE LOVE scallops and this scallop was a cooked perfectly with Asian influences.4. Le Crabe Royal( King Crab a la plancha, vegetable with lemongrass oil): Large piece of crab with Asian influences again, this was served cold and was good.5. L'asperge (Green asparagus and macaroni in a Comte gratun, smoked veal bacon): Asparagus wrapped in a big macaroni. Unfortunately I don't recall seeing any bacon and looking back at the photos I don't see any either. It was good, but nothing out of this world.6. La Sole (Sole filet, baby leeks, crispy onion rings and ginger): Onion rings were awesome! Filet was cooked to perfection of course and yet another Asian influenced theme. I thought that it was supposed to be French?7. La Caille (Foie Gras stuffed free range quail with truffle mashed potatoes): This was my main dish and I've never had quail before. I didn't like the foie gras, but I did like it more in this dish then the beef gelee. I've never had quail before, but it was easy to eat, a lil gamey in flavor, but overall good. The truffle mashed potatoes was what I was looking forward to all night! I love potatoes, but these potatoes just didn't do it for me. It was a bit watery and didn't have a good texture.7. La Caille (French-style hanger steak with fried shallots): My fiance ordered this for his main dish the the beef was delicious. I should have gotten that!8. L'annas (Light Pineapple cream, vanilla wager, lime and lemongrass sorbet): Definitely had acid in this dessert, but it worked well with everything else that we had just eaten. 9. La Noisette (Hazelnut parfait, fresh grapefruit, praline crunch): This was probably my favorite out of the two desserts.Since it was my birthday dinner they had brought out a special dessert plate with Happy Birthday written on it. This definitely was my favorite and it ended the night well. Service was very attentive and they even let me take a copy of the menu home, hence the reason why I could spell everything. Maybe fine dining is not for us as we left not completely full, but it was a good experience to have. Michelle W. did recommend not doing the tasting menu and if I ever did go back I might just do what she said. I think for the price I paid and what I ate, I wasn't too impressed. PS. The bread basket was pretty dang awesome!
5	My husband and I were planning to get the L'Unique menu and made a reservation within the time period it's offered.  When we were seated at the bar and were provided with menus, that was not an option.  When I asked, I was told that we missed the cutoff even though I confirmed it when I made the reservations only 2 weeks earlier.  They said they would honor it but when I learned that you get all three courses out at once and it's designed to be  a speedy option, I decided to get a multi-course tasting menu.  What's nice here is that my husband did not have to order the same menu and he went a la carte with a salad and a steak.  Portions on the tasting menu were small-ish, which was to be expected.  I am not a fan of big portions so I was happy we were able to leave without feeling uncomfortable.Service is as good as service could be.  For 2 people, I would highly recommend sitting at the bar to watch what the kitchen is doing.  The chef making my husband's salad used tweezers to place the components on the place.  Immaculate does not begin to describe the space.
5	After a failed attempt at dining here during my last conference in sin city, we finally were able to do so during our anniversary (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=l0-Vn9-CqktfBe8iPgc77Q).  I've been fortunate to have been able to dine at both and can say that I've become a fan of Joel Robuchon.  The decor is contemporary and the open kitchen concept (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=LEp1nXhlTZGeu92-8oLepQ) offers a more relaxed atmosphere than the more formal dining next door.I had a few dishes that I had in mind that I knew I wanted and after a few minutes of figuring out how hungry we were, we decided on the seasonal discovery tasting menu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=poPCaItVyrlBqNPN9QaM1g).  Just shortly after our water was pourted, the bread basket was placed in front of us (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=vANaZCAp5sZ1twkUoDhDpQ).  Unlike Robuchon, L'Atelier only offers a few choices for bread.  All 3 varieties were very good but the olive oil and sea salt croissant was amazing, flakey and very very tasty.L'amuse bouche (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=s4DFz4jjdW5Orjy0DRI89w).  Avocado and cilantro flavored grapefruit gelee.  The grapefruit aftertaste left the palate with a light and refreshing and wished I had more than just the little shot glass.Les tomatoes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=8yXf9FzHhCdMuUtFWjnOSg).  The heirloom tomato salad was perfectly seasoned as the basil oil and fleur de sel perfectly matched the natural sweet taste of the tomatos.Les huires (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=AHQwwTC1cwwoPbnkQ-CqGg).  Poached baby Kussi oysters with French echire butter.  I can honestly say that I'm not a fan of oysters but damn were these tasty.  I've tasted Kussi oysters at Bouchon and thought they were good but these little bad boys blew those out of the water.  May have been the butter...what isn't good with butter??Le crabe royal (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=rCkQiJcs-_n9RWujERb8Sw).  My piece of crab was a little chewy, maybe just an older piece of crab but was tasty nonetheless.  The lemongrass oil left a refreshing aftertaste but wasn't overly impressed with the vegetables on top of the crab.L'asperge (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=PjsxdV1hyr7eKE1307E0Xg).  I was excited to see Iberico ham served with this dish but was disappointed with the two tiny hair like slivers on top of the quail egg.  The asparagus was perfectly cooked and was very flavorful.  After tasting the Iberico ham, I knew I had to order a side of it.Iberico ham (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=BDdtenuj3Ebg3Av31tIZgg).  This was brought out after the sole filet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=1rLS5dKtwK0fT648QeKR7g).  At this point of the meal, I was getting extremely full and slightly buzzed as I ordered the wine pairing.  That didn't stop me from devouring the entire plate.  OMG I wish we could readily get this ham from a local butcher shop here in LA.  The ham was sliced paper thin and literally melts in your mouth (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=zG_PPE50tHeJMxOG2qhHRQ).La sole (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=VKMyGyUvRs_6-OSDiQB2aQ).  The sole filet was perfectly cooked and the buttery shellfish sauce perfectly complemented the fish.  For the main entree, I ordered the La caille (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=oteuPqbgHifhbotTvM-RAQ).  One reason is that I'm a huge fan of quail and that fact that I hate lamb.  The piece of foie gras was slightly overcooked but the quail was awesome.  Robuchon mashed potatoes were velvety and very very rich.  A must try if you haven't had Robuchon mashed potatoes.  La fraise (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=0Wg3dw22rV_uCGLUaBHmQA).  Mascarpone panna cotta topped with fresh strawberries and served with balsalmic ice cream.  The strawberries and balsalmic ice cream tasted amazing together.  The panna cotta at the bottom was also very good.La mure (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=lHll2a6IDnyYUcY4JWGGSg).  Blackberry compote w/ spice cake and rhubarb sorbet.  Another awesome dessert.Le cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q?select=l22vhvGXgmTjYT81Azg80A).  French pressed coffee served with a piece of chocolate!!Not sure how I was able to fit all of the food into my stomach that night but damn I would do it all over again without hesitation.  Hope to dine here in the near future.  Oh service was awesome and needless to say the food was amazing!!!
2	As a somewhat lazy person, I typically don't write Yelp reviews.  But, after eating at L'Atelier, I felt a bit deceived by its stellar Yelp ratings that I felt the need to clear the record.Also, a low Yelp rating typically involves bad service, but my 2-star rating isn't about the service.  L'Atelier is a trendy restaurant with great decor and courteous servers.  Granted, the wait time between each course was quite long - it took us 3 hours to finish dinner, and the dishes consisted of such tiny portions that 80% of the time was spent waiting (at one point I had to walk up to one of the hostesses out in front to ask when the entrees were coming because there were no servers in sight for half an hour after we finished the appetizers).  They admitted that the kitchen was a bit backed up that evening, so I'll give them a pass on the wait time.  I am leaving 2 stars solely based on the disappointing quality of the food.As matter of background, our group of 5 consisted of working professionals in our late 20's.  We enjoy fine dining and we hit up Vegas 3-4 times a year, so this isn't a situation where a guy who eats regularly at Outback chooses to complain about a Michelin rated restaurant.  I've been to a bunch of restaurants with Michelin stars in LA, NY, Vegas, and Hong Kong, and every single experience had been phenomenal until L'Atelier. I'll just focus on the food.  I have already mentioned that the portions were tiny, but that didn't really factor into the bad rating either because we had a huge lunch that day, so I wasn't extremely unhappy about the small portions.We chose 3 appetizers to share - la durade (cold snapper salad), seared foie gras, and suckling pig with crispy skin.  I wasn't a fan of the snapper salad.  I love Japanese food and had my share of top grade nigiri and sashimi, and the raw snapper was just ok compared to other raw seafood dishes I've had.  To be fair though, some people in my party liked the dish.  The seared foie gras was just ok too (this is starting to become a theme).  I enjoy foie gras in its paste form.  The foie gras at L'Atelier was seared so it had a slippery livery consistency, but the searing process made it lose most of its rich gamey taste.  Why cook an expensive piece of foie gras so it tastes like a $3 chicken liver?  No idea.  The third dish was just ok again.  The pig was tasty, but did not blow anyone away.  My friend commented that it tasted like any Asian stir fry dish at Panda Express, and his description was slightly harsh, but nailed it on the head.We ordered 4 main courses, and one of us ordered an appetizer as an entree - hanger steak, 2 steak tartar, stuffed quail with foie gras (my dish), and a smoked salmon appetizer.  Let's start with the smoked salmon.  It was by far the worst dish that night.  It tasted like something from the supermarket.  The hashbrowns on the side were wet, limp, greasy and salty.  My gf told my friend not to finish it, but he ate it anyway because once again, dinner took 3 hours and we had to do something to kill time.  I didn't try the hanger steak because I felt bad taking the 4 ounces of meat from my other guy friend.  The steak tartar wasn't bad, but kind of salty (another unpleasant reoccurring theme).  Given the overall disappointing food all night, the tartar was the best dish, and the only dish I would recommend.  The fries on the side was nothing special.  Seriously, they were just fries.  If I did a blind taste between the L'Attlier fries and McDonald fries, I am not sure I could tell the difference.My quail dish was supposed to their signature dish.  Four little pieces of quail.  I think only two were stuffed with foie gras because the other two were wing pieces.  But it was really hard to find out which ones were stuffed because they all tasted the same.  The problem was the seared foie gras again - it was cooked in a way that it lost most of its flavor.  I had to cut one open to make sure the chef didn't forget to add it.  The quail was average.  It wasn't salty, thank god.  But I've had better quail at other restaurants.On a side note, we ordered a Riesling, and at the end of the night there was a fruit fly in one of my friend's glasses.  I was going to complain to the server, but once again, there was no one in sight for 40 minutes after dinner, so I just decided not to bother with it.  It's not the restaurant's fault that a fruit fly decided to crash the party, but fine dining establishments are supposed to be insect free.In conclusion, every dish at L'Attlier was average and on the salty side.  My meal was free b/c one of the party picked up the tab - but, just think, it must be bad if I am leaving a scathing review for free food.  Granted, if we had gone to a random French bistro and ate the same food, we would have given it 3.5 stars.  But this is a one star Michelin place with a 4.5 Yelp rating.  It is terribly disappointing in that respect.
3	Impeccable service. So-so food.Beautiful decor. Nice Ambience. so-so food, doesn't deserve more than 3 stars. We ordered the $59 three course meals. I had the asparagus soup, prosciutto, and a chocolate cake. how much do you think the asparagus soup and a chocolate cake cost? for me, less than $13. So I basically pay about $45 for a 5-6 mini slices of beef(prosciutto). It's a ripoff. And the food wasn't that exceptional.Basically you pay more for dining in a fancy restaurant. They give you world class service and bland food and charge you an arm and a leg for it. It's overrated. I think people go here because they want to be pampered and treated like royalty eventhough the food is subpar. good for them. But for me, if the food doesn't cut it, nothing else matters.
5	If only you could have meals like this, as this was one of those dinners that is still memorable after leaving Las Vegas. Located deep within the MGM grand, coming in here the colors are vibrant, the feel is very modern, with pure white furniture, pure marble black table tops, and fresh vegetables that just illuminate from behind the bar area, with some portions of red, it is a beautiful mixture. It is relaxed, without feeling the bustling casino right out the door.We had the 'seasonal discovery menu' on the night, and I can tell you that each dish was presented like a piece of art. The server we had was very knowledgeable in each plate, giving an intro, and a little twist in each, with what was used, the preparation and coming back when each dish was finished to find out exactly how you enjoyed it. Pretty good care and service, but when you are paying this amount, I guess it comes with the territory. I found the pacing of each dish perfect where they gave a good intermission prior to bringing the next plate.If there is one dinner where you willing to splurge, and have that memorable taste bud experience. Make sure prior to going, you do make a reservation. I sat at the bar area to eat, which was still good, as this place does not have many seats, but the experience is still in my mind. As a 300th review on Yelp, this one for my taste buds will be just that... a milestone!
5	After seeing most of the reviews, we were thought that the portions would be teeny tiny, but boy were we wrong.  We totally over-ordered, but we loved everything and I would definitely go back (but probably order a little less next time).For our party of 4, we ordered 2 club menus (5 course tasting menu) and 8 a la carte dishes...I was glad they let us mix it up so we can have more variety.  I thought the a la carte dishes would be tasting portions, but they were much larger than I expected (more like the size of a typical appetizer course of a 3-course menu).  The portions were very generous on the 5-course menus as well.We started off with an amuse-bouche of some sort of avocado soup...very refreshing.  The 3-bread selection was great (I can only imagine what it must be like next door with 20+ choices!)...all were good but my favorite was the baguette.Our a la carte dishes included LE FOIE GRAS (both the terrine and the seared), 2 orders of LE BURGER (beef & foie gras burger), 2 orders of LA CAILLE (quail stuffed with foie gras), so yeah, I think we went a bit overboard with the foie gras. :)  On top of that, we ordered LE RIS DE VEAU (veal sweetbreads) and LE COCHON de lait (suckling pig).  I don't think I've had a more decadent meal (well, maybe that time I had caviar and 5 cheeses for breakfast came close).  Needless to say, all were amazing, but the best dishes had to be the burger and the pig.  If I could do it over we probably could have ordered one less quail dish and picked only one of the foie gras courses.The club menu included a tomato gazpacho soup, followed by the langoustine.  Then there was a choice of the john dory or the veal (we got both).  Everything was great, though overall I was more impressed by the a la carte dishes.  What was really surprising was that the cheese selection actually came with 3 decent-sized portions (~1oz each) of different cheeses.  After that, LES TARTES had 5(!) different kinds of little cakes.  Needless to say, we were totally stuffed at the end, even after stuffing the hard cheeses in our purses for later (came in handy at 2am) :)Almost all of the wines were over $100, but we were able to find a few that were less.  The first bottle we got, an Hermitage, was pretty decent...the second, a Burgundy was a little meh (but then it was one of the cheapest on the list...didn't want to pay too much for a second bottle).  The ambiance and service was good and we enjoyed seeing all the cooking on the other side of the counter.I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to get the Robuchon experience but doesn't want to shell out the really big bucks for the restaurant next door (maybe someday...).
5	It has been over a year since I ate here and the meal is still memorable as being the best I have ever had. With Mr Robuchon on site that weekend perhaps it kicked up a notch but Claude is every bit as capable otherwise. From the grapefruit gelee with avocado, to the perfect diver scallop with micro scallions to the Dover sole to the the foie gras stuffed quail with truffled mashed potatoes (which, upon drinking the paired wine, my dining companion described as the donkey punch on the back of the head) it was 7 courses of pure and utter bliss. Every dish was thoughtful and executed perfectly. A++++++++ all around.
5	Dam! I was there yesterday and didnt even bother to ask if Joel was there =( Would of loved to say hi!Ok, I watch food network and all the shows. I have ALWAYS wanted to jump in the TV and eat what they were making.My fiance and I went on Vacation and I decided to splurge on some great food. We have been saving to get out of town and we spent a very great chunk of our vacation $$$ just so I could eat like I have always wanted to. We are not fancy looking people, we were just 2 kids that work very hard wanting to feel special. They treated us with such respect.OMG!!!! My fiance is NOT into food like me and he was blown away! I We had the 9 course meal and each and every bite was delightful!I One of the dishes, we were watching one of the chefs prepare, was so intriguing as she was seriously strategically placing each grain of salt, herbs etc. on the plate.And boy could you taste every grain of ingredient in there. Well worth the $$$ and will be going back for our anniversary every year!Thank you for the meal of a lifetime!
5	We've been to L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in London and loved every bit of it, so naturally we had high expectations for this location in Vegas. Although Joel Robuchon is not there every day (since he has to be all over the world overseeing his restaurant empire), he manages to keep the standards of his restaurants consistently good and high. Afterall, they call him Chef of the Century for a reason!This particular location is mainly counter top seating which faces the kitchen, which is symbolic for what his L'Atelier restaurants represent: interaction between the diners and servers, while viewing the kitchen magic. They do, however, have about 4 regular tables but you would be missing out if you did not sit at the counter.The atmosphere is trendy yet not stuffy. Men can either wear a blazer or just a dress shirt and they won't feel out of place.The seared duck foie gras was soft and moist in the inside. The steak tartare was minced until very fine and the portion was way too much for me (and I'm a steak tartare fan). Halfway through it started to feel a little too rich for me though. However, the frites that came with the steak tartare was a very nice complement. The cold sliced veal was so tender to bite, it almost tricked us into thinking there was some pureeing going on in the veal but obviously that wasn't true. The suckling pig was also very delicious.Definitely worth a visit to this 1 Michelin Star restaurant if you're looking for a gastronomic meal with a relaxed environment.
5	Superb.Food and Service.The servers are not pretentious, they are dignified. I will assume that this is a direct result of knowing just how good the food/bev you serve is. But, I have been in places with good food/wine where the service is smug. Here, though the decor is more modern, I felt as though I'd walked in a family owned cafe in France. Every person we interacted with was sincerely pleasant. They seemed genuinely happy to be there serving the best, to you, and it translated. I have to include this because I believe it to be almost as important as the food.Which, was unbelievably delicious. Every bite. We chose a couple from the small plates (he: le jambon, le vitello, le bar; me: les anchois) and I had an app (le saumon fume), I requested a dish from one of the tasting menus (l'asperge) and then we had dessert (la chartreuse). The ham melted on your tongue, and the texture was perfect. My anchovies looked like a silvery rainbow, glistening in a well-balanced vinagrette with just enough bite. The veal was beautiful and the lettuce a perfect complement. My salmon was light and wonderful, the dill cream with the hashbrown, delicious. The sea bass was good, but I have to say the other dishes surpassed it (the carrots in the sauce, made it a little sweet, I prefer the kick of the chorizo, Texan what can you say?). The L'Asperge was...okay...let me try to explain. I was full after the smoked salmon. They sent over the asparagus dish, it was so good, I was un-full. I wanted to eat it again. In fact, it was so good, I wanted to order it for dessert, instead of dessert. Did I mention how fun first-row seats to the kitchen are? (maybe not for the kitchen, but for us, c'est bon!) They run a tight ship, you can see the precision behind perfection...It was a lovely, romantic, delicious, wonderful experience. Of course, there's only one way to prove that...make a reservation. :)
5	Words can't describe what happened to my taste buds here.  Everything was delicious, even things I don't normally like.  I only wish I had the luxury of spending this much money more often.  If you're in Vegas, you have to try L'Atelier!
4	The food is exotic and defined with few ingredients. Which means you actually know what you are tasting!! Strong individual flavors fuse into some great undiscovered new taste. I did La Carte as my parents did the tasting menu. Even though one of the specialty is steak tar tar I still feel the caper is too sour for my pallet. However, the smooth raw steak lingers on and the sourness match perfectly with fries and lettuce. I would say the best dish is still the quail with foie gras & Robuchon's famous mash potato (Without truffle, What a dissapointment!!).However, I must say the service is mediocre at best and the food is not in par with one of the best in Paris - Tailevent. Robuchon is probably saving the best for their main Joel Robuchon chain. Neverless, L'Atelier is still a highly recommended joint.
5	If you know anything about the food scene, it's unnecessary to explain Robuchon. But I'll do my best, despite it being 5 months since my visitThe restaurant is beautiful and modern. It's anchored with a bar and cooking area on the right and you can cozy up to the bar area for dinner to watch the chefs work, or dine at a table. Although you can enjoy your time with friends or business associates, it's definitely a date place too.We started with a wonderful german riesling from mosel. They have a large wine list and an experienced sommelier to guide us through our choice to ensure it matches the food. I can't imagine drinking a california syrah with any of these items, I wouldn't be able to taste the food with such a powerful wine.Despite planning for the L'Unique menu to save a couple bucks, we eventually went for the multi-course tasting menu, it's not often you get time to sit at L'Atelier. The first item was a chilled tomato soup. I've never had cold soup before, but this was amazing. Just enough acidity in the tomato, to keep it refreshing sip after sip, but you can't stop, it's just so tasty. Each course was amazing, and was perfectly timed for us to enjoy, yet not feel rushed nor waiting too long.By the time we finished dessert, and our wine, our taste buds were exhausted, but what a great experience. I highly recommend a visit. Find an excuse to go and see what culinary masters can do.
5	Life changing food, the best meal I've ever had in my life.  I ordered the discovery menu and every dish was better than the previous.  My only complaint is that the final desert had gold flaked over it, which I think is pretentious considering that gold flake has no flavor.I'm on a budget but splurged to spend nearly two hundred dollars and I don't regret it for a single second.  I wish I had the money to really explore the menu.  The dessert with balsamic ice cream was mind bending.
5	Many Great Restaurants can be found in the area of Las Vegas and I have tried several and many were very good but I never before tried plates that delighted and surprised me so much before as I did here at L'Atelier. Everything we tried was well crafted and far from ordinary.The Amuse Bouche of grapefruit and avocado was tongue thrilling.A mini salad with fresh greens and caramelized Kampachi was interesting with texture and taste.I wish I could have the cod I had here delivered to my door EVERYDAY the layered flavors and textures were magic in my mouth. Perfectly prepared cod cut in circle shape brushed with pesto topped with dill , tarragon , micro frisee sitting on top of moist and rich with butter potatoes in the lower half of the circle with a whispering spicy gingery design on the plate every thing went together like magic.The BEST Dessert I ever had out in my life was the raspberry centered mini cheese and white chocolate covered sphere of happiness.All this was only $59 portions were small but the right amount of food. (early dinner menu that changes)Service was very cordial , sincere , and welcoming.The restaurant was cozy and spotless.The open kitchen was busy but also very quiet.This was my favorite dinner I ever had in Las Vegas , it was so good we ate here twice and tried other things everything we enjoyed very much all top notch!
5	As others have noted, there are many great restaurants to try in Vegas (and many ways to spend a crazy amount of money) but I don't regret a penny of our dinner at L'Atelier! My husband and I recently went there with a group of 5. We all decided to get the $155 seasonal discovery menu. Tip: They do pour half-pour wine pairings - you still get a good amount of wine and you are less stuffed and have room for more drinking later! The sommelier was one of the nicest, most knowledgeable sommeliers I'd ever met - he seemed to love his job and answered all of our questions effortlessly. In fact, the entire staff impressed us - there wasn't a single person who brought a fork or cleared a plate that didn't know exactly what we were eating and how it was prepared. Among my favorite courses: hands down, the langoustine carpaccio with lemon vinaigrette was the most inventive, flavorful and purely delicious thing on the menu. We also really enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad with basil oil and fleur de sel and three different types of edible blossoms, and turbot that melted in your mouth, and the quail egg/asparagus. They brought us plenty of bread to mop up all the delicious sauces, and after two fantastic desserts (one white chocolate/raspberry concoction with freeze dried raspberries and sorbet, the other a sponge-type cake with apricots, ice cream and thyme foam) they also brought us espresso and plates of miniature slices of tarts/pies because we were celebrating anniversaries. The execution was effortless and the timing was perfect. We had an amazing time and it was one of the best meals of our life! Kudos to the chef and the entire staff. If you only have one night for a long fancy meal in Vegas - I'd choose this one.
3	3.5 stars mainly because of service.  Having a 3 hours dinner with bar seating is very unpleasant.Food was good not mind blowing great, we had 10 course with wine pairing, except the fish was overly seasoned others are good especially the hanger steak with mashed potatoes and tomato salad. The restaurant has limited table seating and bar seating are available, but our preference wasn't honored although I clearly mentioned i wanted regular table in my email.  We tried to go next door Joel Robuchon instead for a real sit down enviroment for mulitple course dinner but it was completely full.  Service was sufficient but way behind its some competitors (other MGM restaurants have been similar such as Shibuya). Seems like the restaurant is staffed with just 8-9 for around 40 seats. Water wasn't refilled on timely basis, abit annoying for long dinner like this. Full tasting menu with wine pairing for two was $600+.  It is steep considering bar seating, the level of service and ambience.  If you are ready to splurge on dinner, go Picasso instead.
2	After reading the high volume of 5 star experiences here I was really looking forward to my dinner here. I rarely eat dinners this expensive. And because I was trying a restaurant that is owned by the "Chef of the Century" I had no doubt it was going to be good. Well, my excitement quickly turned to disappointment. Me and my friend ordered the seasonal tasting menu ($155 before tax and tip). Honestly, the meal was, for the most part, forgettable. The bread that they served us was not warm and was a bit too hard for my taste. The butter that came along with it only tasted good towards the end of the meal after it had become soft enough to spread. In other words, it was hard and cold when it was first served to us. As far as the food itself, I expected small portions. But very few dishes had flavor. The only two dishes that were good were the white fish and the lamb shoulder. My recommendation (and something I wish I did while I was here) is to order items off the regular menu before you get stuck with a big bill and food you may or may not care for. Other than that, the service and the experience of the place were great. If I ever come back here again I'm going to have to try the burger and foie gras sliders because everyone else around us was raving about them.
5	Indeed this is by far the best eating experience I have had in a very long time. If you want one too, come here right away.
5	{fabulous! i really appreciate they care about food}lobster salad!!!!the mash potatoes!!tomato soupfoie grasmerlot/ northstarquality, quality, quality open floor plan. can see chefs in kitchen in actionpresentation. meticulous. beautiful colors
4	Excellent food, cool layout, and a great overall experience.The food here is very difficult to describe, its at that level of quality that you can taste immediately - fresh, unique, new, and completely satisfying.  The drinks were outstanding as well, I recommend grabbing a couple while you wait.  We sat around the bar at the kitchen and it was very entertaining watching the chefs prepare our dishes.  I know Vegas is expensive, but I'm not sure if the value was there.  I could get a similar meal in Chicago or another big city for much less (or would get a better meal at this price).  Don't get me wrong - you are going to have a special and unique experience - but you are going to pay the Vegas premium on top of an already expensive meal.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge: 45/365 The city of sin has come a long way from the days of $0.99 hotdogs and cheapo buffets. There was a time when chefs scoffed at opening a restaurant in Vegas. Disgusted by the unsophisticated palates of the hordes of visitors ingrained with the American mentality of quantity over quality. However, today there is a new dawn in the culinary revolution of the 9th island of Hawaii. Every brand name chef has an outpost of their culinary empire proudly found along the neon lit "Strip" of Las Vegas. Names like Flay, Emeril, Batali, Colicchio, Bartolotta, and even Robuchon are now staples on the dining scene. This new reality works perfectly into my Vegas agenda. Win money, eat good food, and drank (not necessarily in that order!). As luck would have it, I had the pleasure of dining at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon during my last trip to Vegas. L'Atelier is the modern and chic outpost of Robuchon, found just next door to the "full service" Robuchon in the MGM Grand. Let me tell you, this was a dining experience I will never forget. The evening started out as every other evening did... Pre-gaming in our room at the Palazzo. Grey Goose on the rocks with lime. Getting fresh and looking good. My partner in crime for the evening was a good friend from way back in the day. Funny thing is, she doesn't gamble, drink, or have a taste for fine dining... I know, I know, wtf was I doing in Vegas with her?!? We were on our way to see KA and I really wanted to check out L'Atelier. So it was my treat, grand degustation all the way. You know it's going to be a special evening from the moment you walk in. The vibe of the restaurant is chic, sexy, and edgy. The color scheme is black, red, accented with hints of chrome. This is dining with an extremely sexy lounge vibe combined with the pedigree of Joel Robuchon. Seating at L'Atelier is predominantly counter style mixed with a few tables surrounding the bar. You want to sit at the bar, trust me. The orchestrated dinner show is a sight worth seeing. The legions of kitchen staff all work with such incredible precision and timing. It's a sure sign of the awesome evening to follow. Our server delivers a basket of freshly made in house bread and confirms our dining and beverage selection for the evening. Grand Degustation and a half bottle of Cake Bread Chardonnay. The bottle arrives and the food starts cranking... I've attached a few pictures of the menu we enjoyed and I'll describe the dishes that really stood out - good & bad. For the most part, everything was good to incredible. But there's only so much room for the review.. The amuse bouche is a foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam. The presentation is simple and the taste is incredible. The interplay between sweet & salty provided by the foam is a great addition to the rich foie gras. The white onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus hit the spot for bold flavor mixed with french buttery & fatty goodness. The egg cocotte topped with light mushroom cream was one of the best dishes of the evening. It was the perfect example of the french understanding of umami. Lucious egg with mushroom cream. The foie stuffed quail with truffled mash was surprisingly good, but not slap yo mama good as I thought it'd be. The flavor profile of the foie slightly masked the natural flavor of the quail. The truffled mash however was to die for. The mojito was a bit tough to eat. The white rum granite was extremely strong and the taste of alcohol over powered the other flavors. Overall, an astonishing evening. A great opportunity to enjoy the works of one the highest rated french chefs in America. Even my friend said she enjoyed herself more than she thought she would. If you don't have the time or money to enjoy the "full service" Robuchon, L'Atelier is the perfect venue for you.
5	Perhaps the best meal of my life. We did the $155 tasting menu and it didn't disappoint. We started off with a grapefruit gelee and avocado amouse bouche and then the highlights of each mini course were: ***The langoustine carpaccio blew me away. The way the lobster was thinly prepared, seasoned and the soft chewiness of it really brought the aroma of the lobster out. *** Les Tomatoes: The best tomato salad I have ever had. The simplicity of the fresh types of tomatoes, along with a little basil oil and fleur de sel were a heavenly transition from the amous bouche to the rest of the more entree' like dishes.** Le Crabe royale: King crab a la plancha, vegetables with lemongrass oil: This dish was good, but didn't blow me away as much as the other dishes. It was well seasoned though, with an asian fusion flavor. ** L'asperge : Green asparagus kebab with quail egg "mirror", shimeji and Iberico ham: This is like the ham and egg combo, the mini egg sitting perfectly sunny side up on top of the asparagus. Cute little dish, with many interesting flavors. ***Main dishes: Lamb shoulder confit with eggplant compote and mashed potatoes: The lamb was delectable, moist and perfectly seasoned         and also the Foie-gras stuffed free-range quail with mashed potatoes: I've never been a big fan of quail, but this quail, however small pieces, were really tasty and the foie gras complemented the quail taste very well.Dessert: My hubby and I asked for one big main dessert instead of the two little ones that were on the menu. Our waiter hooked us up with one huge dessert that was the best chocolate coated and covered dessert I've ever tasted as well as the Pecan cake topped with fresh apples. We also watched as the lady next to us at the bar ordered a red ball with gold foil on top, with ice cream inside. After putting hot sauce over the whole thing, the sauce would melt the red ball to expose the creamy ice  cream inside. It looked delicious as well. We ended our meal with a nice hot cup of cappucino for me and a latte for my hubby. Overall, I would go to another Joel Robuchon restaurant again. Coming to this restaurant, made me a big fan of his cuisine. Worth every penny of it!
4	Not many people can afford or willing to spend $1000+ @ Joel Robuchon next door to L'Atelier.  Don't worry, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is exactly what it is.  Low-Budget highend food experience.  We had $155 tasting menu and it was abesolutely fantastic.  We loved every single plate that came to us and just admiring...every presentation was so beautifully done and it was just hard for me to put my fork in it.  Mm...Mmmm!!! Amazing is all I can say.  Will definitely eat again :)
5	Food: We ordered the Langoustine Fritters, Wagyu Steak, Foie Gras-Stuffed Quail, and Le Chocolat dessert, and they were all exceptional; but the fritters and chocolate dessert were my favorites. I could write another paragraph about how good these dishes were, but that would bore you; so just take my word for it.Service: The waiter addressed me by name, and was very friendly and courteous. Also, we were served a special platter with six different dessert tarts and "Happy Anniversary" written on the front. +5 bonus points for that :)Ambience: They specialize in counter-top seating over-looking the kitchen. It was actually very interesting to see the sous chefs painstakingly place every leaf and flower into the salad bowl with tweezers. It was really nice to have something to watch to fill in those moments of silence.
4	Very Good but not great unfortunately.  I had the full course tasting menu and was mainly impressed with the dessert offerings.  Being not much of a dessert guy, this was a letdown since I had such a high expectation.  The other dishes are not as memorable for me.
1	I can't comment on the food, since I have not eaten here (although I have previously eaten at Joel Robuchon, and it was excellent).  My issue has to do with the reservations.  In trying to make a reservation for 8 of us, the restaurant wanted a $500 deposit (which was non-refundable but would be applied to the bill), plus a $75 reservation fee (which would not be applied to the bill and was also non-refundable).  I thought both of these were laughable--not a single other restaurant that we have reservations for (all of which are comparable to or nicer than L'Atelier) required any deposit or other fee.
5	If I could give 10 stars, I'd give it. This is hands down, one of the best meals that I've had in a long time. Every single dish was absolutely PERFECT. Our waiter, Eric, was amazing and was very attentive, but not crowding.
5	I had 5 course tasting menu and husband had 3 course tasting menu.  Absolutely best meal I've ever had and service spot on.  Amuse Bouche was unbelievably good but who doesn't like fois gras?  Had John Dory instead of lamb.  Wonderful cheese course...American goat and cow plus French sheep.  Mussels veloute soup so smooth and croutons so tasty.  Potatoes were 50% great butter & they melted on your tongue.  5 tart slices for dessert.  Unbelievable chocolate in 2 of the tarts....melts in your mouth and pops so much flavor.
4	I loved the space, very vibrant and nothing pretentious about it - what a great idea to offer this in addition to the formal dining room, service, etc. so people can choose what they want.  Half of my table had the $95 tasting menu and we paired it with a couple nice bottles of Champagne and Burgundy.  Overall the meal didn't blow me out of the water (but then again I have high standards) but it was good and for Vegas I didn't think the price was too bad.  I definitely would have preferred more food on the main courses and less on the dessert course but the breads were great and everything was fairly well done.  I would definitely return, but maybe order off the ala carte menu next time.
5	The ambiance accentuated the fine food and the people that enjoy it.
5	Did the tasting discovery menu, was outstanding. standouts were the onion tart (maybe I should have done the white truffle supplement but it was awesome as is) and the oysters poached in echiere butter.  The orange dessert they had was out of this world. Very consistent, great service. Changed silverware after every course, very quickly.  next time I may order off the menu though.
5	SOLO DINERS, REJOICE!Are you (or will you be) alone in Vegas and wish you had someone to share that gourmet tasting experience with, but not ready to call an escort service?L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in the MGM Grand is a wonderful answer. This exceptional restaurant is designed for interaction with the chef and his kitchen and serving staff as they perform culinary magic in their beautiful open kitchen, as well as with fellow diners seated at the counter.Whether you choose one of the tasting menus or pick and choose from the a la carte offerings, the offerings are extraordinary, adventuresome and delectable, each dish presented as artfully as it has been prepared. For me, last night's Lobster Fricassee was to die for, as was my snapper starter, and all of us within earshot of each other waxed poetic over the potato accompaniment! And dessert? Simply not to be missed. The wine list also will delight solo diners, with a large offering of splits and wines by the glass.All in all, dining to rival the best entertainment on The Strip!
5	Still wonderful - we've been here once before a couple years ago for the more-or-less full treatment, but always wanted to come back.  Had our chance when plans at another place in the MGM fell through ( closed for renovation, what?? ), and we wandered up to the front desk near opening time and inquired if they had a spot - just for a couple drinks and a couple dishes.They are not really that sort of place - reservations seem derigeur - but after momentary hesitation, they found us a seat at the bar.  Not the kitchen bar which takes up most of the restaurant, but the *actual* bar - almost unnoticed, right by the restrooms, about four seats in front of which they produce the cocktails.The bar guy was friendly, if a little gruff at first.  The drinks were well made.  The food ( we concentrated on foie dishes ) was amazing as usual, even if we didn't quite see it being made this time.This remains in my opinion one of the highest quality semi-casual fine dining establishements in Las Vegas - and definitely still an unique experience.
4	We enjoyed a memorable dining experience at the bar.Superb dishes with delightful flavors.Great wine.The exquisite flavor of the amuse bouche was the stand out of the entire meal though!Cannot wait to return.
5	Upon my second trip to L'Atelier, it has been concreted as my favorite restaurant in the world. Mind you, I haven't been everywhere, but I'm confident this is where the bar is set. I love sitting at the bar and interacting with the guys behind the scenes.  Each dish that comes out from the tasting menu is magnificent.  I mean it.  Every.  Dish.  With every plate that came out, my friend just gave me this incredulous look and exclaimed that was the best he'd eaten.  Until the next dish arrived.  In addition to the seasonal tasting menu, we added the Iberico jamon to the experience.  Aggressive adding an 11th dish -- but SO worth it. Executive Chef Steve came out to see how we were doing during this dish and even remembered me from the year prior! The service is unparalleled. They're even good sports about taking photos of all the dishes. Including the wine pairings.  They take the time to describe each menu item and will answer any question you have.  You can tell that they take pride in their product.  As I understand it, they go through 3 months of training before they work here. As my friend put it, you can tell they legitimately love their food.  One of the guys, Sunday, told us that they're incentivized to not only enjoy the dishes themselves but to go to the gym.  COSTtasting menu - $155wine pairing - $105Some people will throw that away at a craps table with the blink of an eye -- I prefer to get something in return. L'atelier is my treat to myself. I've noticed a trend with unsatisfied yelpers who chose the 3 course $39 pre fixed menu. Fork over the money and do the tasting menu. You'll be pleased (and satiated) with your decision.
5	Never fail to eat at least one meal per trip here.  Top notch all the way!  Always exceptional service and food.
5	Simply incredible. The attention to detail at this restaurant is something that few people ever get to see. My girlfriend and I opted for some items from the small bites menu. Some of the standouts were the Langostines and Monk Fish Cheeks. This kitchen is the type of place where you can eat off of anything. Do your self a favor and visit this amazing restaurant.
1	We made a reservation two weeks in advance and requested seatings at the counter. When we arrived 30 minutes early we were told the seats were overbooked and we were not allowed seating.  Management gives preference to whomever they like and wales who get priority seatings. Stay away.
5	Great food, great service. We had the seating right up front, looking into the kitchen. It was great to see them prepare our dishes while we talked. The langoustine! YUM!
5	A $500 check for 2 but so worth it. The place is energetic (not romantic at all) as you sit, eat and enjoy the view of the kitchen. All the food was simply amazing (we combined two tasting menus). I'd love to go back.
1	So I don't normally write reviews but I thought for a place like this I should.  My husband and I were in town for a convention and this was the place we could not stop talking about for weeks before arriving.  We were so excited to eat here.  The  hostess sat us at the counter since it was just the two of us which was fine because we got to see all the food being prepared.  We ordered a drink each and about 10 different items on the menu so we could taste as much as possible.  We noticed thru out the evening the waiter did not refill our water with out asking and left our dirty plates in front of us for extremely long periods of time.  We thought it ti be strange that the two couples on either side of us always had their plates cleared and water glasses full.  I can get past that I have worked in restaurants before and I look past slow service.  What I can not look past is a HAIR IN MY FOOD.  That is the grossest thing ever!!!!!!  The worst thing about it was that the chef, manager or waiter never apologized for it.  They made me a new dish and went along their business.   I think when you pay $500 for a meal and there is a hair in one of your dishes it should be addresses.
3	Outstanding food but I think that's a given.  Waiting over a half hour in between courses is not acceptable at these prices.  And the prices are fairly absurd.  Not sure if that's a vegas thing, L'Atelier in Tokyo seemed cheaper which is hard too believe.
4	I had dinner here this past Saturday night and everything was amazing... very rich, but flavorful and down right tasty to the last bite. fioe gras parfait with Parmesan foambutternut squash soupcrispy langoustine fritter with basil pestoplate of cheeseswagyu beef rib eye*** best steak ever!
4	Had the $159 tasting menu with my coworkers during CES... with two bottles of wine, it was about $250 per person.  Service was good, but not as good as places like French Laundry, Cyrus, Jean Georges, etc.  Liked the casual bar-ish atmosphere... a nice change of pace from the places listed above.Food was excellent, and for once, not an overwhelming amount of food (but don't worry, there was plenty).I'd go back here without hesitation, although maybe get the smaller tasting menu if I'm paying the bill :-)
5	Wow!  I have dined at Joel Robuchon twice and enjoyed the experience very much. My only issues with that restaurant are the price and the very conservative ambiance (kind of awkward for vegas) . The food is phenomenal. L'Atelier delivers not only AMAZING dishes it is also fun, with a relaxed atmosphere and much easier on the wallet.  We had the 9 course degustation menu for about $150. We sat at the bar over looking the kitchen (very entertaining). Each course was prepared with precision and beauty. The creativity and thought put into each dish was typical Joel Robuchon.  This restaurant caters to more adventurous eaters if you are picky this isn't for you. In my opinion with all factors considered this is the best restaurant in Vegas.
5	I really think that this was the finest meal I've ever had in my life. We had the 5-course menu with wine pairing, and each course blew us away! The attention to the tiniest details (we saw the chef literally using tweezers to assemble the plates) to the quality of every ingredient was perfect. While it might be easy to think that this is just expensive frou frou food with too many bells and whistles and not enough food -- this was not the case here! Everything on the plate served a distinct and delicious purpose, and we both left full, satisfied, and with memories that will last a very long time. I recommend sitting at the "bar"/"counter," if I could even call it that. It was just really awesome to see the chefs at work, and the service was top notch! Not stuffy, pretentious, or rude. Just genuine, attentive, friendly, and so knowledgeable, which is what one would expect for this price tag.
4	I may be walking around with a bit more of a spring in my step now that I have dined on the cuisine of the chef of the century.The are a few tasting menus to choose from.  We didn't partake.  Approximately 3/4 of the menu is small plates ranging in price from $25 - $35.  1/4 of the menu is entrees ranging in price from $40 - $90.  The small plates mean small.  Each plate is 3 - 4 bites.  Our server recommended 4 per person.  Pardon my French - (I don't know any) -  we had the seared foie gras with quince, sardines and eggplant, onion tart, kobe and foie gras sliders, foie gras stuffed quail, oysters, poached egg with truffle.  Everything was delicious.  The plates were exquisite - almost too pretty to eat.     For entrees, we had the pepper crusted filet, hanger steak, and sea bass.  They use the term entree loosely  as it is still a very small portion.  For example, my bass was a 4 oz. sliver with 6 artichoke hearts and 1/2 whipped potatoes.  Aside from size, it was flavorful and lovely.  The whipped potatoes both look and taste like pure whipped butter.  They are unbelievably decadent.  I'm not sure there is even any potato in there!  The filet was the standout.  The meat was absolutely sublime.  Nothing less than expected from the $72 price tag.  The one  major disappointment was the bread.  I expected excellence and got dry overbaked, mediocrity served with cold unspreadable butter.  Tisk tisk.The service was flawless but paced.  The long lapses are to be expected in this sort of dining.  I have yet to determine if the meal was worth the $580 price tag, but it was delicious and lovely.  A nice experience.
5	Talk about FINE DINING! Luckily we just strolled in here and got a table immediately without a reservation.Decor:Fancy, modern. There's seating around the kitchen, so you can watch all the chefs making your dishes. It's fun to watch!Food:We ordered the tasting menu, which consisted of what seemed like an endless number of courses. I felt like food just kept coming out nonstop! At some point, I gave up trying to remember the dishes and how many courses we ate because it required too much brainpower. The food was DELECTABLE. Joel Robuchon definitely knows how to please the palate.My one disappointment was the bread. It was too dry. Felt like someone just doused my mouth with powder. The cheese, however, was delicious.Wine:Great wine selection, however, my liver wouldn't have been able to handle another glass of liquor from the weekend, so I decided to pass. Service:PERFECT. Everything was well paced and taken care of without either of us having to request anything.  They gave very detailed, elaborate  description of every entree they dropped off, but I kind of zoned out because I didn't know like 60% of the terms they used.
2	Last time I went to the Joel Robuchon next door, so I decided to try this one.  I was very disappointed.  The service was poor (they also took our forks before we finished our food, and took a very long time to bring them back).  The food wasn't that impressive either, I thought it was pretty ordinary.  The seating was definitely not comfortable for a nice restaurant like this.  I don't think this restaurant has a Michelin one star's quality.
5	Can't go wrong with Joel. Everything was perfect as usual.
5	Wow - this Christmas was our second time and it continues to stun  . . the prix fixe at $95 is a good deal.  Flavorful but not heavy.   Light but very tasty.  The wine is excellent..   The service is good but humorous.  Just a real pleasant dinner out.
5	It's been a while, but I meant to give this place a great review after my most recent trip to Vegas a couple of months ago.  The food is stellar.  I still dream of La Langoustine.  The toasted poppy seeds added so much depth and complexity to what was already a sophisticated dish.  People sitting around us at the bar tried to bribe/coerce every new person who ordered the dish into sharing it with them.There's a ton of overpriced food in Vegas (Michael Mina's disappointing seafood restaurant down the hall, for example), but L'Atelier is the real deal.
5	If you're a foodie, don't hesitate to come here.  Not only is the food incredible, but you get to sit at the impeccably clean kitchen and watch the chefs at work.  It was fun, the service was incredible, and the food was a-ma-zing.
3	To start off I have to say that this is going to be a glowing 3 Star review. The service here was impeccable, the atmosphere was fantastic, and the kitchen was gorgeous. I came here before a show because of their L'Unique menu which gives you 3 courses from a limited menu for $59. I chose the pistachio cappuccino soup, the mini burgers, and the coffee creme brulee. They were all good and interesting dishes, the portions were small though, which was to be expected. My wife got a similar menu. To drink I had their signature mojito and she had a fruit juice cocktail. Our bill ended up coming to about $150, for restaurants in this price range we just thought we've had better food. Again, nothing wrong with L'Atelier, we just thought there are better options in this price range.
4	So we have read so many things about Joel that we had try this Michelin rated restaurant during our stay.  As you now this is an upscale counter service version of his restaurant and everyone was dressed for the experience.  This is counter service so you will be sitting close and next to other patrons, so be prepared to be open and friendly as well as hearing interesting conversations. Now there are two tasting menus. One for $69  with 5 courses and the other for $155 with 8-10 courses.  ( this is without the wine pairing). We, of course were splurging but being penny wise, chose the 5 course.  As the vegetarian, I requested a veggie menu, which they do have. It is typically set up for the $155 menus but they can build you one for the $69 menu.  I started with the amusez bouche of a tomato gelee with an avocado topper.  It was like gazpacho but even better.  Then I was served the split pea soup with a spicy shaving on it and it was so good that  I wanted to lick the bowl. Next came an onion and asparagus tart.  In a word, Yum!  My main course was the truffle and Parmesan spaghetti. It was creamy and decadent. My boyfriend (the meat eater) had the beef cheek as his main and loved it!  In true French style, next came a 3 piece assortment of cheeses ( 1 French and 2 Wisconsin cheeses).  And lastly, the dessert, which was a choice of 5 gelatos or 5 types of tarts. If you are not into a lot of chocolate go with the gelato option.  We had a wonderful gourmand experience and it is worth trying this once, but note your bill will still come out close to $200-250 ( with tax and tip) even if you choose the less expensive option and do not do any alcohol and enjoy one of their two non-alcoholic cocktails instead. Save your pennies for this experience!Note: It is located near Ka in the MGM, so allow amble time to walk through the hotel to get there.  MGM is huge!
5	I have been seeking out the perfect restaurant - I have now found it. Crispy langoustine, butter poached oysters, veal sweetbreads, foie gras torchon, red snapper ceviche. Typically I will say food, even at the best restaurants, needs a little x or a little less y - this was stunningly perfect. From the amuse to the final course to the service and ambiance. One Michelin star was easily deserved. Must try for anyone claiming to know food.
1	I know I'm in the minority here, but my husband and I truly did not enjoy our meal at L'Atelier. We were seated in extremely cramped quarters between a large man and the wall. We asked to move but were told there were no other options. We ordered the 9 course tasting for $159. The food was interesting but we had better at Eiffel Tower Restaurant for lunch for a fraction of the price (with a fabulous view). We felt like we were being held hostage crammed in our tiny space for over 3 hours (the server told us to anticipate 1.5) staring at an immaculate and efficient kitchen.  This could have all been overlooked if the food was worthwhile, but it wasn't.  Bottom line - there are better places to spend your money in Vegas for a great meal.
5	This place remains amazing.  I've been here a bunch of times now and it keeps getting better and better.  Some highlights:* The avocado/tomato puree dish that's first up on the vegetarian tasting menu is delicious - if you're not a fan of Fois Gras you should absolutely ask them to sub this one in for you* The Pumpkin Soup is one of the few things I've had here that was a large-ish portion and it was so warm and comforting - the perfect thing to have during the holidays* There was a raspberry desert topped with sugar star offered around Christmas that was the most amazing desert I've ever had in my life, hands downThis place will set you back at least three bills a person if you having the tasting menu + some drinks but I guarantee you will not regret it.
5	Love the bar seating overlooking the kitchen.  Impeccable service.  The hostess was snooty with me for showing up 5 min before my reservation....no clue what was her prob.  But once seated the staff was amazing and the food was delicious as always.  I always get the tasting menu.  It's a lot of courses but I'm always still hungry by the end of it.  Poached oysters with caviar were my fav.  Perfect for solo diners too.
5	I've been savouring my memories of this recent meal during a quick weekend getaway to Vegas.  After writing my review of Alan Wong's Restaurant (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/alan-wongs-restaurant-honolulu#hrid:Y0EXfgzgwpEzC8ebxZ7-gQ) I was so upset that I had to write about my experience here to take away the bad taste in my mouth of having to remember what happened in Oahu!  So here it goes.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in my life.  THE. BEST. I was at about the 20 week mark (half-way there baby!) of my pregnancy and I was a little scared to try a fancy meal again after a previous bad experience during the course of my pregnancy (see again - http://www.yelp.ca/biz/alan-wongs-restaurant-honolulu#hrid:Y0EXfgzgwpEzC8ebxZ7-gQ). The Hostess and Servers were all smiles and congratulatory towards us as they helped me waddle to my seat at the serving bar section.  As my baby-daddy and I looked at the menu our server asked us if we had any questions.  I said "I'm pregnant, should I stay away from the Tasting Menus? " He said "I know and congratulations! And no, we will take care of you, just let me know what you want and like to eat." and he gave us a huge smile. Wow no agitated sighs, no eye-rolling, no me feeling like I'm a huge inconvenience!We expressed interest in the Seasonal Discovery Menu ($155 each - with additional supps. ranging from $25 to $75 added to the final Menu total) and before we could say anything further he explained that everything could be substituted out.  He carefully and knowledgeably explained each and every dish on the list and very considerately recommended what he thought would work best for me.  I didn't have to tell him that I couldn't eat non-pasteurized cheeses, no raw fish, no rare meat etc. - holy crapolee HE ALREADY KNEW!  Our Amuse Bouches came. I got the Avocado/Tomato Gelee and baby-daddy got a Fois Gras Parfais.  My Avocado/Tomato Gelee was so good, it made me cry.  I kid you not, I actually got emotional at how much I was able to enjoy food again, pregnant or not.  For the first time, in a long time, the often sad feeling of being pregnant and not being to eat sushi, rare steak and all my favourites just melted away and completely disappeared. I felt so good and so well taken care of.  Every course after that was just got more and more amazing.  My baby-daddy and I were shaking in our seats and giggling madly like school-girls at how good the food was.  It just felt so EFFING FANTASTIC to eat spectacular food.  The kitchen was magic - they function and work like a perfect machine.  Quiet, calm, focused, with precision and with so much love.  The service was above and beyond 5 star - after 15 minutes of observing us, and besides from being the most considerate person towards a pregnant lady, our server quietly noted my being left-handed and forever after placed my knife for me on my left side.  Simply amazing. I can't wait to RUN back and eat here again.  It's pricey, but it's so worth it. There is no pain when you hand over your wallet to them!
4	K, Its acutally a 3.5 but we ll round it up to 4.Dont really know what the hype is all about. This was argualbly one of the most expensive meals I ve had, however, Cant really say that it was my favourite. As a matter of fact, Gf would give it a 5, and I would give it a 3, so here we are at 4!We went for the tasting menu like others and to be honest, the best part was getting to watch the chef making and preparing the food. Food was tasty, however, I cant say that it was worth the money that I paid for it. If you wanna impress your significant other, by all means go to this place, however If you are not from Vegas, chances are for the money you are spending here, u can get alot better stuff back home.
5	I had such a great time at Joel Robuchon (I still contend that it was the single best meal I've had thus far), I just had to come try L'atelier - though I admit it was hard to fight the urge to go back to Joel Robuchon, especially since it was just next door. Let me tell you, if you think you're making concessions in going to L'atelier, you are mistaken! The experience was magnificent and the food was in true style, a jewel in it's own right but enough of the adulation, let's get down to details. Setting/Mood: Located in the MGM, it took awhile to get seated (about 20 minutes after our reservation time) but smart hotel/casino owners just happen to have designed it so that their slot machines and gaming tables are conveniently nearby for you to pass the time (and also $40). Dim lighting, rounded bar surrounding the kitchen for a "watch me cook what you're going to eat and then straight to table" delivery. Food: I won't give the blow by blow but as always, unless you're a particular eater, tasting menus provide the best sampling of what the Chef would like to showcase and in theory, does best. All the 9 courses + amuse bouche were just the right blend of gastronomy, simple dishes deconstructed and/or reinvented, typical fine dining courses executed perfectly, creative combinations AND all presented exquisitely and  festively for the eyes without being too busy. If you're curious, culinary hitters at bat were 3 courses with foie gras, oysters, lobster, tart, monkfish, quail, venison, champagne-strawberry dessert and chocolate-menthe dessert. This rundown hardly does the food justice but gives you an idea of expectations I suppose. Tips: Bar stool seating encompasses half the restaurant so if you don't want a front and center seat to witness the kitchen, request a table away from the kitchen bar seating area. Also, it's a bit of a tight space so you may rub elbows with fellow dining patrons should you choose to sit in the bar seating area. FTW: I have a huge time celebrity reverence for Chef Claude Le Tohic who I got to speak to when I dined at Joel Robuchon and also got to see again at L'Atelier as he was checking in for the vacationing executive chef of L'Atelier (he probably thought I was a weirdo because I kept staring at him and wanted to say something but couldn't find the courage - the last time I spoke to him, I rambled on endlessly and unintelligibly so I kept quiet this time). Chef touched a piece of meat, found it not to standard and commanded one of the sous chef to do it over - FOOD POWER...very awesome...Californians: July 1, 2012 marks the end of foie gras in our great state so book yourself endless tickets to Vegas and eat here at least once!
5	Joel Robuchon Is by far the top in culinary. His food is fantastic. Definitely top notch.
5	I found myself very much impressed with L'Atelier's nine course tasting menu for $159 per person.  We were seated at the counter where we got to enjoy the "show," watching the chefs prepare each and every dish.  I've always appreciated fine dining, but watching the meticulous details that went into every single dish made me appreciate it that much more!* Course 1 - The Amuse Bouche, a Foie Gras Parfait, was a lovely way to begin our adventure.  I don't really like Foie Gras, but in the parfait form, I actually liked it.*   Course 2 - Snapper Tartar - This was a lovely way to whet the appetite further, especially after the rich taste of the Foie Gras Parfait.  It was light and refreshing.*  Course 3 - Poached Oysters - I've never really tried oysters, raw or poached, but I decided to try it here, since they looked so appetizing.  I ate two and gave the third one to the husband since he LOVED this dish so very much.  I thought it was a bit salty and didn't really care for it all that much.  Maybe it's an acquired taste that I have yet to acquire.*  Course 4 - Maine Lobster in a spicy broth - This was delicious.  The lobster was perfectly cooked, and not rubbery.  My only complaint is that it was so small!*  Course 5 - White Onion Tart with Quail Egg - This was my favorite dish of the whole evening.  The tartlette was perfectly crisp, and the fried Quail Egg (which I had never tried before) complemented it perfectly.  Delicious!  I think I could have eaten about ten of these.*  Course 6 - Monkfish Cheek - Very good.  The texture seemed almost like lobster and if no one had told me it was Monkfish Cheek, I would have thought it was lobster.*  Course 7 - Veal Flank Steak - Perfectly cooked and delicious.  The husband went with the Duck stuffed with Foie Gras option that he immensely enjoyed.  I liked my Veal Flank Steak served with the best tasting mashed potatoes I've ever had... and I'm not really a lover of mashed potatoes, but this was quite divine.  The husband's duck came with the mashed potatoes as well.*  Course 8 - Caramel Panacotta - Very delicious, and not too sweet, which I liked.*  Course 9 - Raspberries with Chocolate Cake pieces - This was more decadent than the first dessert, but combined with the raspberries and the sauce that accompanied it, it was perfect.The tasting menu also came with coffee, espresso, a latte or cappuccino with dessert.  The Latte I had here was perfect.  SO good, and was the perfect way to end a perfect meal.I've been to several Michilin rated restaurants (Le Cirque, Picasso, Providence, Melisse), and L'Atelier fits the category for its fine cuisine.  The main difference that I really liked was that L'Atelier was not as stuffy as the others I've tried.  Sitting at the counter gave it a more casual feeling, kind of like sitting at the sushi bar.  The whole meal took a whopping 2.5 hours, but hey - we got dinner and a show, all in one - so I'd say it was all worth it!
4	This was my first visit, and probably the most expensive meal I've ever had. Our friend was having a bachelor party, and he's a huge big foodie. I've only had fine dining once before at no cost, so this was a big deal. We had reservations, and came decked out in dressy attire. We were seated immediately and there was no wait at all. Very nice.I would say this place is very small and intimate. It makes sense if you're going to be sharing a meal between good company. The place is black and red themed, and every detail from the chairs, tables, utensils, to the decor was beautiful. The environment was calm with the kitchen behind the bar.3 people out of the 5 at the table had the famous 9 course meal, while myself and my other friend decided we would be on one ticket and order a couple things together to "save" a bit of money.The bread and butter that was provided was beautiful and delicious as well. It was a mixed of small french bread and croissants.The wait staff was great. Every time something came out, they cleaned off the dining area and set things up perfectly. Also because some of the food was intricate, they would explain to us how we should eat it.Between the two of us, we ordered the: Fingerling, Deg Carpaccio, Le Saumon Fume, La Caille, La Menthe, La Pomme, Cappucino, and a Latte. Each individually ranged as low as 15 to 47 dollars each. Our bill came out to 199.99. If you're sharing to be "economical", order at least 5 items to get properly filled up.The dishes were properly placed well marking well in presentation, execution, and flavor.The desserts were very unique and delicious. Each had a different interesting plating that was unique to the dessert itself. I was recommended to get the banana and strawberry combo. It was extremely good, and came in a tiny ceramic black bench with a 3/4 sphere with the food inside.I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but what they had gave us was pretty dang good.This place isn't my style or audience, but for our to be married bachelor at the moment, it was for him. He thoroughly enjoyed the experience. His brother had the smart idea to ask our waiter if he could get an autographed menu from the chefs. They were more than happy to full fill the request and brought out the menu's with small personal messages and signature in a nice envelope.Service wise, is TOP NOTCH. They are very informative, helpful, and not overbearing at all. They have a very diverse staff, and they make you feel comfortable and welcomed.For the price you pay, you are primarily paying for the experience. Our meal took about almost 3 hours to go through all the dishes. But as long as there is good company, that 3 hours was great.
5	I am extremely fond of the seasonal tasting menu from L'Atelier. Just like its big brother next door - Joel Robuchon Restaurant, L'Atelier presented some extremely impressive and unforgettable dishes. It was a love affair from the first dish to the very end of the meal!!Food: L'Atelier uses the freshest seasonal produce and paired it with expensive and rich-in-flavor ingredients such as foei gras and cavier. It was a perfect harmony! I love every single courses but the La Lotte - Monkfish cheek and baby leeks. It was chewy and the flavor of the monkfish itself was bland. The cutlery L'Atelier provided for this dish was also inadequate - A pretty but functionless knife that was definitely not sharp enough to cut through the monkfish cheek without making a mess.Ambiance: Unlike its big brother, Joel Robuchon Restaurant, L'Atelier provides a more casual and relaxed dining experience - suit jackets, fancy dresses and name-brand stilettos are not required :P The counter sitting experience was definitely the highlight. I thought I was going to witness some kind of kitchen madness (just like described in  Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential or Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmare), but instead, the chefs and waiters are extremely quiet, efficient and orderly. Although it was a bit disappointing that there were no kitchen knives flying over my head or loud dirty verbal abuse, it was still a great experience to see the chefs at work first-hand.
5	If yelp had 6 stars, I'd give this place 6 stars. All the dishes were craaaaazzzzy good. We got the seasonal prix fixe and it literally took 3 hrs to finish the course. It took a long time but it was totally worth waiting anxiously after each dish. My fave was the quail stuffed with foie gras. I wanted to eat a whole family of them after the first bite.The one thing that still intrigues me is the way the restaurant is planned out. It's not your typical "take a seat and talk to your friends or date" kind of place. The attention is on the kitchen, as it takes over like 90% of the space. There's not that much seating, it's allllllllll kitchen. People sit around the kitchen facing the chefs. It's very entertaining to watch them make your food and how meticulous they are in crafting each dish.
5	This was a very entertaining dining experience,  as you can watch the kitchen as the meals are being prepared.  The attention to detail was pretty amazing.  We did the tasting menu and really enjoyed every item, although my favorite was the foie gras stuffed quail.  I told our waiter "ten more of these please!"  Joel Robuchon himself was in the house the evening we went, and graciously autographed our menu.  Service was exceptional.  They have a very impressive wine list but we brought our own "special" bottle, as corkage was only $35.00, which was not bad considering most other fine dining restaurants in vegas charge at least $50.00 for corkage.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!  is exactly right.  The fois gras amuse bouche was the best amuse my mouth has ever tasted.  It actually made me smile.  My wife had the tasting menu and I picked 7 small tastings then we split each as they arrived.  Every dish was complex, delicate and had wow factor.  Stop checking reviews and book this restaurant and have no worries.  We have eaten at most strip fine dining places, le cirque, picasso, alex, aureole, mix, nobhill, sage, etc etc.  This was one of the best meals to date.  Makes me even want to dish out double the money for Joel Robuchon.  Have no worries my friends, this is a wonderful experience.
5	We went one year ago and loved it!  The bar-seating, with views of the kitchen (although obstructed heavily by baskets of ingredients) was fun.  It was nice to get world class food with a refreshingly casual atmosphere.  Service was excellent.  Because everything is served tapas style, it was easy to share and easy to control the bottom line.  I enjoyed every dish I ordered, wine by the glass was also excellent and paired well without being outrageously expensive.
5	I read about this restaurant in a couple of the best restaurants in Las Vegas guides. L'Atelier deserves the rating. This is sophisticated fine dining so be prepared to shell out some cash.We had a 5:30 reservation with a show to catch at 7:00pm so we elected to go with the three-course menu. Priced at $52, you choose from a menu of five appetizers, five entrees, and three desserts.Before the first course arrived, we were given a tasty concoction of fois gras mousse with a parmesan foam. In spite of the high brow pretensions I feel whenver I get hear "foam" as part of the description, I got excited about this dish. California is enacting a fois gras ban on July 1. If there is a time to savor fois gras, this is it!
4	Can you believe it? This weekend was the first time I have ever been to L'Atelier. I go to Vegas several times a year, eat everywhere and have never really thought about coming to Atelier until now. Now that being said the food was excellent, the wine pours generous, the sommelier was gracious but damn it's expensive for what it is!We shared one of the tasting menus and they allowed us to pick a couple of other courses off the al carte menu, which was very cool of them. But, because of the seating you almost don't get that attention you normally get from a fine dining experience. I guess I want to be pamped and fussed over and here you don't get that feeling. My highlights: A-m-a-z-i-n-g BREAD! I love french bread, crewy and crispy with the salty butter. MMMMMMM! LES LANGOUSTINES- langoustines cooked in their shells with green curry and coconut milk -- sweet and lush, I only wish langoustines were bigger! LOL!LA CEBETTE -White onion tart with smoked bacon, quail egg "mirror" and green asparagus -- my absolute favorite dish of the evening, it was that feeling of home, breakfast on a whole another level. So good, utlimate comfort food. And my last favorite: LA FRAISE - Caramel panna cotta topped with fresh strawberries and yogurt foam -- I don't even really enjoy desserts however, this one hit the spot. I love sweet and savory at the same time. I thought I would love the Foie gras stuffed quail with mashed potatoes being a signtuare dish and all, but it was just okay. Maybe foie gras shouldnt be stuffed in something because it ends up tasting very irony. He he. (get it?) lol. The dinner was lovely but if you ask me I have other favorite restaurants in Vegas for a cheaper price.  Sorry Joel, don't hate me. ;)
5	Since coming here, it's now one of my favorite restaurants! Now I need to seek all the Joel Robuchon restaurants. Definitely make reservations to sit at the counter. Chef Steve Benjamin was on-hand to run a smooth kitchen with a very attentive staff.Highlights of the menu and what my fiance and I ordered were:- Scallops carpaccio and uni:  Our favorite. We would go back simply to have this dish. The scallops were delicate and sliced perfectly. The uni really made the dish.- Foie gras burger (sliders): Delicious. Would get this again! It's usually hard to find anything impressive about sliders but lamb + foie gras maybe key! - Foie gras stuffed-quail: Very good. Loved each aspect of the dish, the quail drumstick and the stuffed foie gras in the quail. Anything with mashed potatoes here is guaranteed to be a success. - La Framboise (aka The Surprise): Absolutely lovely and delightful. I'm usually not a fan of decadent chocolately desserts so I naturally gravitate towards fruit ones. I would get this dish again simply because of the presentation and the well-blended taste. Sorry, won't ruin it by telling you what the surprise is ;)Overall, I would visit this restaurant again and gladly spend the $ instead of throwing it at the tables!
5	***Like a lot of Vegas restaurants, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is expensive, but the food is very nicely plated and delicious (contemporary food but also tried and true flavor combinations)***I went to the L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Tokyo two years ago and I had a very good experience so I decided to give the Vegas location a try.  The restaurants are fairly similar.  They both feature very similar decors (sharp reds against dark blacks to give the restaurant a very modern and trendy feel).  Both restaurants also feature bar seating around the open kitchen (a great view of the talented chefs at work).There are other similarities.  Both locations feature a lot of modern dishes--whether available as small plates or in a seasonal tasting menu.There are differences as well.  The Tokyo location is much bigger.  The Tokyo location also takes pastry very seriously.  The bread at the Vegas location is decent, but it does not compare that well to the Tokyo location.  The Tokyo location even has a high-end patisserie on site, which features upscale French pastries as well as individual cakes/desserts.The food was very good at both locations though I probably liked the food at the Vegas location more.  The Tokyo location seemed more representative of the country's cuisine though.  The restaurant featured a lot of Japanese ingredients--whether Japanese fish, Japanese raised beef or mushrooms.  The menu at the Vegas location felt like a menu you might see anywhere.I went with the tasting menu at the Vegas location and almost everything was very good.  I also added their crispy langoustine as an additional item.  Here is a rundown on their tasting menu.(Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan) This was okay though I wish the foie gras taste was stronger.(Confit of mediterranean vegetables with fresh mint in a radish cannelloni) The flavors were simple and light, but I liked the varying textures and flavors as well as the presentation.(Poached oysters with chive migonenette) These were good.  The oysters were warm and soft while the dressing was flavorful.(Langoustines with green curry and coconut milk) These were exceptional.  The langoustines were sweet and very moist (also very soft).  The garnishes were not that strong, which allowed the flavor of the langoustines to really shine.(White onion tart topped with smoked applewood bacon, quail egg, parmesan, and asparagus) This was kind of a take on breakfast.  I really liked the crispy (hash brown-like) onion tart as well as the rich yolk of the quail egg.  I thought the bacon could have been crispier.(Crispy langoustine fritter, basil pesto, salad) I ordered this as an additional course.  The crispy shell of the fritter was good--light, crispy and not greasy.  The basil leaf tucked inside the shell also gave the fritter a nice fragrance.  The langoustine was also good (moist), but it did not have the sweetness or softness of the other langoustine dish.(John Dory, baby leeks, tomato, buttery shellfish sauce with lime and ginger, pomme puree) This was small but good.  The John Dory was moist and light (though the fish still had a good flavor).  I liked the mix of the butter sauce with the creamy, buttery pomme puree and the fresh tomato and leek salsa.(Foie gras stuffed quail, pomme puree, herb salad with truffle vinaigrette) Though the foie gras stuffing was just okay, the quail was very good.  It was nicely caramelized and had a great sweet and crispy sear as well as juicy meat.  The sauce was rich and good.  I really liked the herb salad--great freshness and fragrant herbs, much better than micro greens (the also strong in flavor truffle vinaigrette was a great pairing).(Caramel panna cotta, lemon cookie, vanilla ice cream, strawberries) I really liked the panna cotta--smooth and creamy with a very good caramel flavor.  The vanilla ice cream was great--smooth and dense with a great old-fashioned vanilla bean flavor.(Berry mousse, tender chocolate cake, blackberries, banana tuile) This was a standard fruit with chocolate dessert.  The mousse was creamy and the chocolate cake (pieces) was not dry but just okay.  I really liked the light tuile, which had a noticeable banana flavor.Prices were high though the tasting menu seemed to be a much better value than going a la carte.Service was decent.  Not super attentive and plates lingered a little bit though the food came out relatively fast.  The staff was pleasant.L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon features very contemporary and artfully designed food, but there is no sacrifice in flavor.  The restaurant focuses on classical flavor combinations (whether from France or other countries/regions), which should please many.  There are a lot of overpriced fine dining spots in Vegas.  L'Atelier is expensive as well, but at least the food is delicious and very memorable.MGM Grand offers free self-parking (via a structure).
5	This is my new FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas...I even like it better than Joel Robuchon right next door.  Even though it has only 1 michelin star, the food quality is pretty much the same as the 3-michelin one next door, except with a more relaxed atmosphere (and 1/3 of the price).  Had the chef tasting menu (discovery menu) and each and every dish was amazingly delicious....not to mention beautifully prepared.  Favorites of the menu were the poached oysters & the caramel panna cotta w/ yogurt foam (probably one of the best desserts I've eaten in my entire life).  I love the dessert so much, I would order it every time I came to Vegas if it were on a set menu.  (It's THAT good...)  Was celebrating a bday the night we came, and in addition to the desserts that were already on the tasting menu, we received an extra plate of mini treats (fruit tart, chocolate hazelnut cake) with "happy birthday" written on the plate w/ a candle. It was a very nice added bonus.The tasting menu is the perfect amount of food...you don't leave hungry, but at the same time, you don't leave not being able to walk (compared to the 16 course tasting next door).  The tasting menu takes about 2.5 hours to complete...and since the food is very rich, you become full as it settles.  If you have the chance, this is a MUST-TRY restaurant in Vegas.  Once you eat here...no meal from any other restaurant in Vegas will compare or come close (except the one next door if you want to pay a lot more $$$ for a more romantic, upscale environment and service).  For the best bang for the buck, this is the BEST Vegas has to offer :)
5	What an amazing dining experience.  My boyfriend and I came here a couple of weeks ago and each got the seasonal tasting menu.  This place earns it's Michelin star, not in the traditional formal way with 4 star service (the service was prompt but much more casual than other $$$$ restaurants I've been to), but by focusing solely on the food.  The seasonal tasting menu had 9 courses, was perfectly sized, flavored, seasoned, etc.  I was VERY satisfied when I left.  Although I've never bought a dinner for anywhere close to $500 for two people before, if you're going to splurge here anyway, I highly recommend the seasonal tasting menu.  It was every bit as delicious as I hoped it would be.
1	I've eaten at most 4 and 5 star restaurants in Chicago where I'm from and in Las Vegas and have to say this was the WORST food I've ever eaten.  Not only that, but the wait staff was also bad.  The bill was over $800 for 3 of us and I can tell you I'd rather spend that money at the craps table, and I don't even know how to play craps!
5	An awesome restaurant!  A very relaxed upscale restaurant with fantastic service and incredible food.  It really is that good...
5	This is by far the best meal I ever had in Vegas. Maybe I haven't tried enough 3 michelin star restaurants to say that.  The whole dining experience was very impressive.  We overlooked the entire kitchen and enjoyed watching all the actions while tasting every bites of their creation.  It was a very calm and relaxing kitchen, you could tell that every dish was artfully prepared with great attention to details.  We tried out their 9 courses tasting menu, they were all creative and very very tasty. 1. Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam -Served in a little cup. A bit heavy for starter, but it did a great job satisfying my palate right at the beginning.  The port wine, cheese and foie gras all interplay really well together. 2. Celery mousse with wasabi, beef stew gelee and slices of foie gras -Another dish that served in a tiny cup.  Interesting combination of foie gras with wasabi, it was fantastic resulting in a spicy lingering finish to the dish. 3. Oysters with chives in lemon butter -Baby oysters poached in salted butter. Altogether 3 delicious small and plump fresh oysters swimming in butter, served hot. 4. Lobster with curry ginger sauce and edamme -Though I prefer a different type of sauce other than curry to go with lobster, the freshness and rich flavor of the lobster made this dish fantastic. 5. Quail egg on white onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagusThe slight bitterness of asparagus balanced well by the smoked flavor of the bacon, the crispy tart and the quail egg made a good textural variation to the dish.  6. Monkfish cheek and baby leeks in buttery shellfish sauce with lime and ginger -The fish was so tender and fresh and balanced well with the buttery and astringent taste of the sauce.7. Veal with tomato confit and shallot. Salsify root gratin with sheepmilk cheese, sweetbread and black truffle.8. Champagne gelee topped with frozen raspberry mousse and rose scented meringue.9. Baked chocolate ganache with aerated devil's food cake with fresh mint ice cream.And we also ordered several must try on the regular menu.  1. Foie gras stuffed Quail with mashed potatoes -I love foie gras, but I don't think it went well with quail, it overpowered the delicious taste of the quail. The potatoes were mashed together with truffles and was incredibly tasty - Robuchon's signature item. It was creamy, rich, savory and very fine. 2. Lightly battered fried shrimp with basil in pesto sauce.We were very impressed with the whole dining experience, not only with the food but also with the friendly interactive environment.
5	This is hands down the best meal I've had in Vegas.  We did the Discovery menu and it was amazing.  All ingredients were super fresh and the dishes had great flavor.On top of the tasting menu I had to add the seared foie gras.  This was the best piece of foie I have ever had.  It was buttery on the inside and perfectly seared to the point were there was a very thin crust on the outside.  AMAZING!!!We were going to try Joel Robuchon next door, but we liked that we had the option to choose dishes at L'Atelier.  Also it was pretty cool to be able to see the chefs at work when sitting at the "bar".One warning, don't fill up on the bread if you eat here.  The bread is awesome and hard to resist, but save you stomach's for the meal!
5	The best meal we have ever had in Vegas.  Our waiter was so friendly, well versed on each dish, wine, events.  The food runners knew every dish, described them beautifully to refresh our memory and were just really nice.  We loved the layout of the restaurant so you get the Michelin rated food with a friendlier atmosphere and the most attentive service.We did the $155 tasting menu and it was amazing.  Foie gras parfait was unique.  I have a new appreciation for heirloom tomatoes and the salad was a work of art.  The king crab was beautiful.  Langostine was perfectly cooked and left me wanting more.  The onion tart was outrageously good.  The salmon was my least favorite as it was a bit salty.  The quail stuffed with foie gras was beyond amazing and the cap steak was excellent.  Having two desserts seem quite decadent but we are on vacation and they were both perfection.  The  generous wine pairings were a perfect accompaniment to the tasting.I highly recommend L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon!
5	If I ran good at the casinos, I wouldn't mind going for that discovery menu. But too bad, so my date and I dined here for my birthday dinner. We both ordered the $78 menu, which includes an appetizer, a soup, a fish or a meat entree, and a dessert. They do offer a $105 menu where you can have both the meat and the fish. Glad that I didn't, I was just too full with one entree.My entire dining experience was amazing. I felt like I was sitting through an art show. Every dish was like an art piece. I really didn't want to mess up the presentation but I wanted to try how it tasted too. I ordered the beef cheeks, spinach soup, red snapper with cuttlefish and baby octopus, and ended the meal with a strawberry compote. My date ordered the asparagus, tomato gazpacho, pork belly with caramelized onions, and the traditional tarts.I started my meal off with a 5 Alive, it's a citrus drink with two flavored vodka. It's decently strong for a mixed drink, I felt a bit whoosy when I was halfway done. It's quite thick and flavorful. It wasn't too sweet at all. I had the choice between an iBerry and this, my server recommended this over the iBerry so I went along with it. Not a bad choice.You can easily find my meals posted in the pictures. I loved the beef cheeks, spinach soup, and my dessert. My friend described my beef cheeks as planting in first grade, you can see sprouts and beets stuck into my beef cheek that was pulled into small pieces but woven together like a patty. It's definitely cute and summery. My soup was interesting, the top layer was foam-like and then the bottom was like a gelatin/pudding. It was light and flavorful and very fun to eat! My snapper was good, but not as flavorful as I wished. I should have chosen the pork belly, it was just so tender and soft and juicy and rich. It's okay, my strawberry compote beats my date's tarts any day! My strawberry compote had sorbet in the center, with two pieces of sweet, crispy pepper skin coming out of it and making a circle. My bowl had a pattern created by gold powder. I seriously don't want to break this but I've got to try it. It was quite tarty and light. You have so many different texture in just one dessert. The whole experience was just amazing!Not only that, just as I started eating my compote, our server and the rest of the staff at the restaurant surprised me with a birthday dessert. They gave me Le Chocolat, which had chocolate cream at the bottom, oreo crumbs with vanilla creme, then top it with a golden chocolate plate dotted with passionfruit filling. The writing on the side with the fruit filling was better than my own handwriting. The staffs had pretty good vocals too :) Best birthday dinner ever, I do want to come back soon for that discovery menu! Let's hope that I run better at the casino next time.
2	Hmmm.I see by all the four and five star reviews that there are many people out there who are enamored by atmosphere, rather than truly good food.  Do not get me wrong.  I do not profess to be a New York Times food critic, but I have been on this Earth for a few years and have eaten at a great many places.I guess I am old school.  I expect exorbitant  quality to come with exorbitant prices.  I expect value.  When it comes to paying top dollar for a meal, I expect the whole experience to blow me away.To be fair, L'Atelier looks great.  Lots of glass.  Open. Classy.  Very good staff, as well.  But, when writing this review I had to search Las Vegas restaurants due to the fact that I could not remember the exact name of the place...not good.Wifey and I came here for a special occasion.  We ordered the discovery menu.  Pricey, but we knew that this joint was high end going in.  We also had the wine pairing along with the various plate.  We sat at the bar, which was nice.  We could see all the chefs doing their thing.The food was ok.  Now, if we had paid $100, even $1!50 for our food, I would say we got a decent though high priced meal.  Essentially, the cost of our meal was almost equivalent to what I paid for my first car.  Btw, I had that car for ten years.  Like I said, I do not mind paying top dollar for a meal.  As long as I get what I paid for.  The service was good, but the food was not worth the money.Disclaimer - Hey, I know this place is in Vegas...the land of, "Let's get hammered and throw money around," so if that is your thing, by all means knock yourself out.
5	UGH - AMAZING part II.Went back this past May and had the FAMOUS fois gras burger (more like two sliders but whatever, it was worth every 35 dollars).Fois gras melts and drips all over the wagyu beef patty as you take a bite... the combination is perfection. even though it came with fries, i still ordered the amazing potato puree on the side made with the fabulous french echire (finally learned what it is) butter... to die for, literally. one of the best burgers in the world.Again, my waiter was very attentive and so knowledgeable with everything we ordered throughout the meal.  Also, the manager and sommelier were wonderful and periodically checked in on us, making the entire experience highly enjoyable, once again.
5	A true treat to dine at Joel Robuchon's! If only I could eat here every day. The cuisine is impeccable; the deserts are divine and as for and the wine, oh the wine, you must trust the servers wine pairing suggestions; they know what they are talking about. The set menu is the way to go. And sit at the bar so you can witness the magic that goes into your meals creation!
4	This place was fun but not worth a Mich Star.  My tomato course had unripe tomatoes.
5	Third visit, and we're still in love with l'atelier. I just wanted to clear something up that's been bugging me... another yelper insinuated that people fawn over this place because it's expensive. Really? I like money too much to want to eat somewhere that isn't worth it. This time we did the seasonal tasting menu. Amazing. Without going into a ton of detail, we were just as impressed with each course as we were with anything else we'd had here before. You're paying for art, performance and absolutely incredible flavors and ingredients. Period. Whereas the actual Joel Robuchon is a little pricey to do every Vegas trip, I look forward to my more regular visits to l'atelier. Never disappointing!
5	my friend and i decided to do one fine dining a month (since we are both new locals), and this is our second place (strip steak was first). although most of the time we didn't know what we were eating, we enjoyed our time and watched the people prepared and explained the food to us. we are such country pumpkins but rest assured, by the end of the year, we'd learned our manners and refine our palates. great french bread basket, quail and dessert : )
3	I have been looking forward to this place for several months. Couldn't wait to finally eat here! We decided to do the prefix menu. Extremely disappointed with amuse and our appetizers. Got better with the soup and my husbands entree of flank steak. Amazing perfect mashed potatoes. The desserts were quite good. House wine good. They found out it was my birthday and all came to sing to me with candle. Very enjoyable. Our server (who I didn't catch name, but great guy from irvine, ca) was a highlight. On top of our needs and very professional and knowledgeable. We were disappointed overall with the menu selection and probably will never go again. Save your money!! there are better places to go for sure.
5	A continuation of our Vegas vacation included this restaurant.  It was a great relief from Yellowtail in Bellagio (you can read my review on that terrible experience).  But  regardless, L'Atleier is a MUST TRY in Vegas. It's located in the MGM grand and is probably one of the best dining experiences I've had.  My wife LOVED it so that was a great bonus on my part ;-)The menu includes a 16 course tasting menu, a five course menu or a three course menu. Also on the menu are single entree's if that is more to your liking.  We had the three course menu and that was plenty enough food for us.  If we had bigger appetites and a bigger wallet the 16 course menu would be amazing...if I recall it was $159 per person.Aside from the ill experienced, young, rude hostess ,the overall experience was amazing. She didn't seem to fit at at that restaurant because everyone else was so professional and she had no clue how to provide good service.  She made us wait til exactly 9:00 PM until we could be seated, how weird is that? All parties of two are seated at the bar in which you face an immaculate kitchen with the hustle and bustle of the chefs.  Service was great and every employee knew everything about the food.  A bottle of wine was on the pricey side ranging from $60-infinity but well worth it for the amazing food.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone and my wife and I will definitely try the actual Joel Robuchon at our next visit.
5	My friend highly recommended L'Atelier, so my boyfriend and I came here for dinner right before a show.  I made reservations a month in advance and had a chance to drool over their menu all month long.We arrive here on July 27, 2012 and were promptly seated at 6:30PM. The restaurant is gorgeous.  The lighting, the decor, and the staff made the ambience elegant, yet casual and comfortable.  We were seated at the counter facing the open kitchen.  A little intimidating at first, but our waiter put us at ease right away with his humor and warm smile.It was tough to choose what to order.  I wanted to try as many dishes as possible, so naturally, the summer tasting menu for $159 was the best option.  My boyfriend ordered a la carte.  He chose the A5 Wagyu ribeye steak and the carbonara spaghetti.  Since we informed the waiter we were going to share everything, he took the liberty to let the chef know so they can split the a la carte items into two smaller plates and incorporate them into our tasting menu.  Everything was so delicious!  I cannot say I had a favorite dish, since I loved each dish so much.  I especially liked the foie gras stuffed quail.  The wagyu ribeye was to die for.  The white onion tart was absolutely delightful.  We had such an amazing experience here.  Watching the chefs prepare our dinner was so entertaining.  I can now truly appreciate the amount of time and thought it takes for food plating.  It is an art in itself.  Everyone from the hostess to the waitstaff showed passion in their work.  I will definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
5	I can't even imagine how heavenly the 3 Michelin Stars Joel Robuchon would be if one star L'atelier is this wonderful already.Joel Roubuchon next door is closed for August, so we had to reserve L'Atelier instead. We got seated promptly at the center of the bar where we enjoyed all the kitchen action. I had the tasting menu and my favorite was the smoked salmon in curry sauce, it was just something you wouldn't envision the flavors go together but yet so perfectly compliment each other.  The service was great and I can't wait to try Joel Robuchon next time I am in town!
5	We've been to l'Atelier in New York, London and Las Vegas, and it's one of our favorite restaurants. Designed a bit like a sushi bar, the best tables place you at a counter facing into the kitchen, where a half dozen chef's efficiently and quietly prepare your meal as you watch. Across the counter from you, your dedicate server acts as a friendly and knowledgeable host. We had the tasting menu, ten or so small plates with a half dozen matching wines. Everything was superb, but the knockouts for me were: all the breads, the little pizza-like thing with a quail egg and bacon on it, and the partially smoked salmon. We loved the foie gras parfait amuse bouche. We've also been to the more formal Joel Robuchon next door, but it is stuffy and the food seems less interesting than at l'Atelier.
5	Have made it in twice.  First time had the tasting menu.  Super fun fronting the kitchen.  All items where fantastic.  Pace of the dinner was good also.  Not rushed, and not dragged out.  Had cocktails to start, then they let us continue with wine pairings.  Recommend the tasting as it gives you a grand journey of Joel Robuchon's ideas.
5	This is the place you go to when you want to EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED and want to taste things that you won't be able to duplicate. Overall it's a mix of taste textures and special ingredients you won't find anywhere else.They were starting everyone off with an amuse of foie gras Parmesan parfaits.I think it's best to order off one of the tasting menus of SMALL plates to get the whole experience. Currently they offer three tasting menus. I ordered off the smallest least expensive menu ($79) and I thought that was enough. I think the prices were something like $79. $109. and $159. My husband ordered al a carte.I had a list of several appetizers to pick from. I picked the beef cheeks and it  really was the big surprise of the evening for me was how amazing the beef checks really were. The textures and taste are indescribable it was like eating air with amazing taste. The little salad next to it was also magical. We both were just blown away by this plate. My photo came out blurry but you can still see how meticulous the plate was put together. I watched the cook prepare it with tweezers.Besides the beef cheeks I think my husbands favorite plate was the Le Jambon Ham. It's that special ham that comes from black footed pigs that only eat acorns. The ham has a special melting texture and slightly taste like acorns. You watch them slice it fresh and they serve it on a warmed plate.The place is small and couples are only seated at the counter even with a reservation.
5	WOW!!! One of the best meal I have ever had.The atmosphere is wonderful. Usually I hate black and red but they decorated the restaurant very tastefully. I also really liked that they have counter seating so you can see how your food is prepared. It also assured me that my food was being handled correctly. By far one of the cleanest kitchens I have ever seen. Also it assured you that they have nothing shady to hide. Plus: got to see a short French man with an angry face (aka executive chef) with his arms cross barking out orders in French. PRICELESSAs for the food. L'Atelier is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas. You get to have the wonderful Joel Robuchon food without the over the top 3 hour dinner. I had the Foie Gras Burger and the Quail Stuffed with Foie Gras. Both were to die for. The burger was perfectly cooked and the foie gras did not overpower the meat. It was perfectly prepared. As for the quail, it was just pure PERFECTION!!! The quail was cooked perfectly and the foie gras once again highlighted the meat. I would highly recommend both.note: If your meal does not come with the mashed potatoes ORDER IT!!!!!!! The best mashed potatoes ever!!!!!!!!!! TRUST ME!!!!! They are creamy and cheesy but not too heavy. Really hard to explain, It was just flat out delicious!!! My view of the mundane side dish has completely changed. I can not longer looked at mashed potatoes the same way anymore. dessert: The Raspberry Surprise was awesome!!! The tanginess of the yuzu ice cream and the raspberry sauce totally complimented the creaminess and the sweetness of the white chocolate sphere. It was well prepared and executed perfectly. When it comes to fine dining it all comes down to the execution. You can be as creative all you want, but if that sh*t doesn't come out right, then that is an automatic FAIL!!!! When in Vegas eat at L'Atelier, don't be a pansy!
4	Went here for dinner for two. For the hype it had and for the price I was paying I had higher expectations of the waiters. I expected them to have more knowledge of the food and be more attentive.. We got the tasting menu L'AMUSE-BOUCHEFoie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam - This was one of my favorites .. Absolutely  amazing.. It had promises of an amazing night.. Wonderful.. LES LEGUMESconfit of Mediterranean vegetables with fresh mint in a cannelloni - It was good. You have to get a bite of each piece of this dish onyour fork to get the total flavor and that is hard to do. LA SAINT-JACQUESSea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oilSoooo goood!!!*********LES LANGOUSTINESlangoustines cooked in their shells with green curry and coconut milkAMAZING! This is my favorite dish of the night! Next to the desert of course!  This just melts in your mouth and the explosion of all different flavors are just fantastic.. LA CEBETTEWhite onion tart with smoked bacon, quail egg "mirror" and green asparagusGood.. not my favorite.. The asparagus was a bit overpowering LA CAILLEFoie gras stuffed free-range quail with mashed potatoes ONE WORD AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG !!! LE VEAUVeal flank steak slices with shallot and mashed potatoesReally good! If you have to choose between the quail and this, go for the quail.LA FRAISE Strawberry compote infused with lime, tequila sorbetAMAZINGGGGG....  Beyond believe amazing. must have LA MUREFresh blackberries infused with cassis, tender chocolate cakeOKK... Drinks:Tried three of their specialty cocktails and was not a big fan.. a bit too sweet.OVER ALLGreat experience . Will I go back again ? Yes  Would rather go next door since it's around the same price ? Yes.. Great food.. = )
5	L'Atelier Las Vegas doesn't disappoint.  I had the pleasure of dining at the Paris restaurant in 2003 two weeks after they opened.  I have to say, the Las Vegas restaurant is as I remembered the Paris location.  Really super dining experience.
5	Without a doubt, one of the most memorable meals of my life.  This experience is like going to the theatre where the kitchen is the symphony, the meal and wine the story and the service staff the performers. We opted for the tasting menu and wine pairings. It was a splurge, but well, well worth it. I said to my husband when we decided to opt for the tasting menu, that we had to get the pairings, as it would have near impossible to choose a bottle or two that would have done the menu justice. What an amazing choice that turned out to be. The menu itself is a story of culinary finery, but when paired with the wines, the symphony begins. The pairings were where the magic really happened. There was one wine for every two courses. I had to wonder how they would pull that off, but I needn't have worried. The story of the meal just flows together like chapters in a book.  Its just so unusual to have a meal so perfectly orchestrated. I wasn't as much a fan of the seating as some, but throughout the course of the meal, it grew on me. I love watching the kitchen work, almost without conversation. The Chef acts as a wordless conductor, and each person knows their role so well, that the entire kitchen is on cue and service staff move throughout the stage seamlessly. It really was like watching a ballet. The service was elegant, but never stuffy we never wanted for a single thing. Kawika was our primary server and we adored and his fantastic service. Chef came by to talk with us after our meal We were absolutely gushing like adolescent fans and and Chef was as gracious and lovely as a man could be.  I'll be talking about this meal for years to come.
5	This place is beyond good, it's INSANE! By far the best meal, service and overall experience I have had in a restaurant that I can remeber. Extremely friendly and attentive service aside from food that is a gastronomic orgasam! Love Love Love this place! BTW, ask for the server Eric, he is easy on the eyes and gives impecable service as well as all of the staff. Extremely Pleased and I will be back next time I am in Vegas!Suggestions, chef's tasting menu and wine pairing! Not inexpensive but well worth it!
2	Came here a couple weeks back for dinner.  I was a little bummed as I wanted to go to the actual JR restaurant next door ($425.00 pre fix) but some in my group didn't want to go that big.So I settled for this spot as my friends didn't mind the $159.00 for the pre fix menu.I truly can understand how some people praise the pre fix menu at this location but ...  opinions are based on prior experiences.In my book - I not blown away by any of the dishes, a couple did stand out.  Actually - one of the items was "Smoked Salmon" - what came out was the equivalent to LOX.   REALLY, ARE YOU SERIOUS?  It was a complete let down to have LOX served during any pre fix menu.  All in all if you are a foodie and end up eating here - pass on the Pre Fix ( should go next door to JR) and just Dominate the regular menu, eat family style as your experience may be a positive one.
4	My husband and I decided to go big and celebrate 5 years of wedded bliss with a meal here.  We weren't disappointed.  The service is calm and understated.  No one is in your face and it doesn't feel too pretentious.We did the vegetarian tasting menu.  It was a really fun experience and we loved all we were given.  We didn't leave feeling so full it was hard to walk or felt the need to lie down.  It was all just right.The seating was surprising, but I actually ended up liking it.  I never felt like we were intruding on our neighbors' conversations and I certainly hope they didn't feel like they were forced to listen to ours.  It was quite romantic to be so close together and being able to watch such a calm, wonderful group of chefs as they worked on our meal.  Maybe for the 10 year we can afford the real JR!
5	After a sub par David Copperfield show (seriously, conceal your cynicism a little bit or retire already), we were a bit hungry and decided to stop by L'Atelier. Originally, I tried to book a dinner there but all reservations were filled up. Walked up to the hostess, she said she had room for two, seated right up at the counter with perfect view of the kitchen. For wine, I ordered a riesling which turned out to be one of the best rieslings I've had. Crisp, bright, fruity, sweeter than most rieslings. Ordered the assorted vegetables to share as a starter and a tasting of the seared duck foie gras and scallops with sea urchin for entree. First came the amuse bouche, foie gras with parmesan foam, subtle, mellow, delicious, and prepared us for the decadent meal ahead. The vegetables were lightly dressed with a citrus vinaigrette to underscore the freshness of the veggies, avocado, artichokes, radishes. Scallops were incredibly fresh, complementing the creamy and rich sea urchin perfectly, with a little chip (garlic maybe?) for texture. Foie gras was lightly seared, strong, flavorful, partnered with tangy cherries and sweet blueberries. I was really happy to have such a great view of the kitchen. Everyone in kitchen prepared each dish meticulously, gingerly tending to each ingredient. It was very apparent that all were passionate about food and creating an enjoyable experience for the patrons.I highly recommend L'Atelier for an decadent and extraordinary dining experience.
4	4 starsI am in Vegas at least twice a year for work and do lots of research to decide which restaurants to discover and enjoy on my visits :) Ambience: LOVE the decor in the restaurant, it is Vegas, but I have been to the location in Hong Kong as well, and this is the same design as the other location. Beautiful open kitchen, LOVE LOVE LOVE, very chic, sexy, and modern all at the same time, I don't even like the color red, but do like it in this restaurant.Food:There were a couple courses that I can't remember at this moment, probably because they weren't memorable, and I am writing this past due review a yr or so lateAmuse Bouche: port wine foie gras mousse business, holy hell, can i have a bowl instead of a shot glass worth??? YUM This is the yummiest amuse bouche any restaurant has ever given me!!!!!White Onion Tart w/ bacon and asparagus: flaky, delicate, rich, the french know how to make a freakin tart! YUMCrispy langoustine w/ pesto: again, crispy, delecate, juicy and tender langoustine inside, my first taste of this sea creature, very yummyFoie gras burger: Rich and tasty, four people shared one, a little goes a long way, nice idea to pair foie with a burgerOverall, I would go back and be selective on my choices, there were a couple disappointments, but also a few amazing dishes....
4	maybe cuz we sat at the bar. Maybe cuz we didn't order the tasting menu. But I didn't feel like I had a *meal*. I mean I was full. But I guess the small plates felt like I was just eating random bites of things. And yet it didn't feel like a tapas experience either (bc they brought out tiny portions as entrees). the food itself was pretty good, not all great. I've had better panna cotta at drago Centro in LA. Maybe im too low brow to enjoy high end food at high end (tiny) portions :/
5	Absolutely Phenominal.Those two words encapsulated my experience at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon.I work in the food industry, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. From the Knowledgeable waiter Eddie, to the gorgeous dishes, every part of the meal was perfect.I went with my parents to celebrate my 28th birthday, and they were very interested to try the food; they've never had french fine dining and although I would've loved to eat at Joel Robuchon's namesake restaurant, I figured to start with L'atelier first.We reserved dinner for 3 at 6pm and were seated without a moment's wait. The decor was fantastic and very modern. Our waiter introduced himself, Eddie and handed us 3 menus, the main menu, the 9 course seasonal discovery menu, and the wine list. I suggested to my parents to go with the prix fixe menu of 79$ which included an amuse bouche, appetizer, main course, and desert. I went with the 9 course menu, being the birthday kid and all. This review will be only about my 9 course meal.And so the experience begins.L'Amuse Bouche: Foie gras pargait with port wine and parmesan foamIt arrived in a shot glass/egg dish looking bowl, and it was a great intro to the meal, very light and flavorful.Les Tomates: Heirloom tomato salad, basil oil, and fleur de selGorgeous presentation, exquisite art piece, flavor was great, top not tomato salad.La Saint-Jacques: Sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil.ABSOLUTELY amazing, it was light, full of flavor, expertly and perfectly cooked.Les Langoustines: Langoustines cooked in their shells with green curry and coconut milk.by FAR my favorite dish of the night. The mini lobsters were delicious, fresh, and perfect balance of flavors, the meat slid right off the shell and I loved it.Le Cebette: White onion tart with smoked bacon, quail egg "mirror" and green asparagus.My mother commented "It looks so cute with the tiny egg" It was aesthetically beautiful, with a beautifully and perfectly cooked quail egg resting a top the onion tart. The flavors were there, but I feel a bit guilty in saying I wasn't TOO impressed with this dish. It was still delicious nevertheless.Le Saumon: Lightly smoked salmon with fingerling in a buttery shellfish sauce with curry and baby leeks.My second Favorite dish. The salmon was so delicious, perfect balance of smokiness and salmon taste, delightful. the star of this dish by far though was the buttery shellfish sauce, it was so good that I even took the house made baguettes offered at the start of the meal and soaked up all the sauce.La Caille: Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with mashed potatoes.This dish I had been waiting for, I wanted to see the execution of the stuffed quail and couldn't wait to try their much talked about mashed potatoes. The foie stuffed quail was very tasty and the only heavy seeming dish of the night and it fit perfectly with the other dishes, the star of course were the mashed potatoes, ohmygod is all I can say, I hate putting down homemade mashed, but It was hands down THE BEST mashed potatoes I've ever had. Airy, light, and so delicious.ON TO DESSERT.La Margharita: Yogurt Ice Cream wit tequila gelee, fresh blackberries and pop rocks. It almost seemed like a deconstructed margharita, which isn't a bad thing. It was an interesting dish, but delicious. I very much like the tequila jelly, not too strong, but flavorful and complimented the ice cream well.La Framboise: Raspberry Medley and earl grey puffed rice krispies.When I saw rice krispies, I definitely had to take a second look, I was a bit "huh?" but it worked and was delicious.Throughout the meal Eddie, our server, was fantastic when explaining the dishes to us, asking us how our meal was, and even went more in depth with any questions I had for him. They caught me off guard when they even brought out a birthday dessert which was unexpected and appreciated. A mixture of 5 different mini cakes. A tiramisu like cake, raspberry cake, strawberry lemon tart, chocolate cake, and what taste like a pumpkin pie. My mom is a seafood fanatic and when I would give her bites of my langoustine and scallop she absolutely loved it. My step-dad ordered their wagyu hanger steak and he said it may be the best piece of beef he's ever had, and that man loves steak.I've never dined at any Joel Robuchon establishments, but this set the bar high for me, and makes me understand why he's the "chef of century". Bravo.
5	Simply amazing.We've done the 16-course menu before at Joel Robuchon next door, but the 9-course meal at L'Atelier was also a delight for the price.It seemed like each course (up to dessert) was an improvement on the prior course.  While the oysters and langoustines were SO good, the onion tart was to die for, and the salmon the best smoked salmon ever.  Quail and foie gras was a delight, the ribeye the best steak my husband I've had, and the mashed potatoes?  Oh, I wish I had some right now!The service was also amazing.  We asked our servers a lot of questions about their jobs, the kitchen, etc. and they went out of their way to answer (and seemed to love doing so).  We also mentioned how much we adored the bacon bread from next door, and the waiter was kind enough to go over there (it's a different kitchen) and bring us some bacon bread and cheese bread!  So thoughtful!The only comment we might make is about the desserts - it'd be really nice to have a less fruity, more rich/chocolate dessert at a Joel Robuchon restaurant sometime.  This may be because with the many course meals we get that the dessert has to be lighter and fruitier, but that's something we look forward to trying sometime in the future - I'm sure it would be immaculate.
5	Came here for my 5 year wedding anniversary and it was amazing.  The decor is upscale, yet somehow casual and inviting.  The staff was amazing, not just our waiter but even the head chef (who given the space is like 10 feet from you) and the manager who were just awesome.  Food was spectacular, one of the most correclty prepared pieces of medium rare beef i've been served and although it sounds simple, the mashed potatoes are the mashed potatoes against which all others you ever eat in your life will me measured, and all others will be found lacking.
5	We decided to do L'Atelier instead of the regular restaurant since I was the only one in my party ready to pay the price.  We sat at the bar around the kitchen, which was a lot of fun.  I did the full tasting menu, with my friends doing smaller 3 course affairs.  Service was good, and the fruit mojitos were out of this world.  The meal started with bread, which was exceptionally good, and it got better from there.  Everyone was very satisfied with their dishes, me especially, and the large expansive tasting menu was the perfect size, the two deserts really putting it over the top.  The 13 courses had great range, the langoustine done very well (only done better by La Folie in SF).  So many dishes, where do you even start?  The whole experience was a lot of fun, social, our waiter was superb and attentive, it was just overall a great dinner and I would easily recommend it.  PS.  The beef cheek appetizer was phenomenal.
5	My second experience here was more enjoyable than the first time I went over three ago. I think this is due to me being a "pro' at fine dining now and being overwhelmed by the extensive menu the first time, not ordering properly. Yeah, I complained about the prices three years ago..and they are just as outrageous. But the prix fix menus at $78/4 courses or $105/5 courses are pretty good deals, all things considered. I ordered the 4 course and added a seared foie gras at the ridiculous price of $39. It was as good of a slice of seared foie gras as any, but wasn't worth the extra...say $15-19. My gripes end there...as it was a fantastic meal. Everything was delicious...the amuse of foie gras/parmesian/port parfait....the beef cheeks...the pork belly...the aforementioned foie..and the chocolate dessert. Service was exceptional, and I have always been a fan of the sexy red/black decor. Glad I gave this place another go...looking foward to going back.
4	During our mini-vacay in August to Las Vegas, I googled "Best Restaurants in Las Vegas" and this one was on the list.I did some research and booked a reservation. Absolutely did not disappoint! We went with the tasting menu and it was such a party on our palates! When I booked our reservation, I forgot that I had put in the special notes that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary...but they sure did not forget! We were given a complimentary anniversary dessert, which featured pretty much their dessert menu. It was awesome. The service, the ambiance, the food, the servers. Absolutely awesome.
5	Outstanding. That's all that needs to be said.
4	We've dined here twice.  Since I was already spoiled by the experience at the main dining room, L'aterlier didn't Wow me.  It's a good alternative if you want to experiece Robuchon but limited by time and $$$.  They do have a pre-fixe menu available but I personally think a la carte is the better deal for the quality of the food and menu choices.  It's fun to see their open kitchen and everybody moving fast to fix your dinner, but I certainly didn't like the fact that one chef was checking his phone in the kitchen.  Not professional.  I will certainly go back if I have only two hours for dinner and feel like having some famous delish Robuchon food.
5	I'm admittedly a total Anthony Bourdain slut. After rewatching his Paris episode (in which he goes to L'Atelier with Robuchon protege Eric Ripert), and knowing I was headed to Vegas, I immediately doubled down on making my friend secure reservations to L'Atelier.The decision between L'Atelier and the original Joel Robuchon is well reasoned in the episode made mention of above. To me, L'Atelier represented one of the baseline restaurants that we now take for granted. Food today has now done away with white linens and stuffy environments. Restaurants today are eat, drink, and be merry, and owe many thanks to the once-bold decisions of innovators like Robuchon. So embrace the past, or look towards the future. I picked the latter. Oh, plus L'Atelier is cheaper.At L'Atelier, the overtly red and black decor screams bold, and the novel bar/kitchen open concept has since been copied in restaurants everywhere. Bar seating would be, in my opinion, exceptionally fun. Despite the lower key environment, service was still impeccably good, and the price point is not for light wallets.With a group larger than 6, we were given the nine-course Menu Decouverte de Saison, with a fixed price of $159/pp (menu and pictures posted). I was greatly attracted to the variety of offerings, and though it wasn't nearly as endless as French Laundry, nine was plenty long and plenty filling. Wines and cocktails are pricey, but I thought my $11 Ketel One martini was plenty reasonable--and delicious to boot. Oh, and the bread basket is superb, as French carbohydrates ought to be.Two starters, a Foie Gras Parfait amuse bouche and Celery Mousse gelatinous soup, started the night off well. The Celery Mousse was perhaps the only table miss, though I personally liked it better than the incredibly rich parfait. The molecular gastronomy undertones (parmesan foam, anyone?) were already creeping out in both dishes, and I started to draw comparisons to other incredible dining experiences like French Laundry, Oxheart in Houston, and Barley Swine in Austin.The next two dishes, a dive into the sea, were nothing short of divine. "It tastes like the ocean" is a big Bourdainism, and it's easy to see what he means with the Saint-Jacques (sea scallop) and Langostine. Both are cooked in shell, though the scallop is served out. Both melted in my mouth, and left me wanting so much more. And, perhaps most amazingly, the simply done sauces added so much to already delicious seafood.The Cebette (white onion tart), a transitory course to the entree, was my personal favorite. Perhaps it was the extra shaved white truffle my friend and I requested, or the quail fried egg, or the smoked bacon (yes, another total Bourdain sentence there). But sakes alive, that simple, almost pizza-esque dish, really did the trick for me.The Salmon was incredible, lightly smoked and not drenched in salt like you're apt to find at your local Jewish deli. But it cam with the only miss of the night for me--the strange taste and oily texture in the buttery shellfish sauce.From the land, I preferred the Boeuf capped ribeye, perfectly cooked and seeping with juice, to the Foie Gras Stuffed Quail, which felt just a little too small and tasted just a little too rich. But if you want to talk about rich, those world-famous mashed potatoes should really be called "butter with a side of mash." I would eat that sucker by the bucket if it didn't cost the size of a small Lego island and warp my stomach into the size of a beach ball.By the dessert rounds, we were stuffed. I'm not a huge dessert guy, but I surprisingly found the L'Ananas (Spiced Ginger Cake) to work perfectly with coffee. The vanilla infused pineapples were something an Asian person who grew up with sponge fruit cake would love--hey, that's me! And the Margharita (Yogurt Ice Cream and Tequila Gelee) was for the Tex-Mex in me. The blackberries and pop rocks--yes, pop rocks--were a nice touch. Oh man, a blackberry Mexican Martini sounds like an awesome idea now.Beyond the ambiance, service, and downright delicious food, I was incredibly impressed by how little misses there were. With a large party and a huge sampling of dishes, it would have been easy for more than a few unsatisfactory moments. But the table was mostly ooh's and ahh's, and that's always a fine thing when you're spending hard-won money on an extravagant dinner. Well played, L'Atelier. Well played indeed.
4	I had reservations at 5:30 and was seated promptly at the bar.  Waiter was fabulous, very professional, attentive, and provided honest recommendations.I opted for the nine course tasting menu for $159.  I also ordered an order of the oysters for appetizers.  The meal was exquisite!  Each dish was interesting, flavorful, and definitely a tease leaving me to want more than what was served.  The stand out dishes for me were the celery soup and the tart.  Yum.  I definitely recommend the nine course meal as it allows you the option to taste a little of everything.  The day I dined, most people appeared to order this.  I would recommend this place.
5	Amazing food at amazing prices very similar to the one in paris I would go there again although the portions are very small and you feel it is a ripoff but it is an experience unmatched anywhere else in Vegas
5	I came to L'Atelier for the all stars weekend event of cooking demonstration & lunch with Joel Robuchon executive chefs. It was such a wonderful experience to see Joel Robuchon Executive Chef Claude Le Tohic and L'Atelier Executive Chef Steve Benjamin to put a show right in front of me.  Chefs showed us how t make two of L'Atelier signature dishes (Egg Cocotte Topped with a light Mushroom Cream and Black Cod with a Yuzu Daikon Velvet Puree with Gold Leaf). It was definitely one of best dinning experience in my life. After cooking demonstration, it was 3 course menu with wine paring coming alone. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-jo%C3%ABl-robuchon-las-vegas-3#ogt_k9NVPgktafvyQVLwHQ- Steam Egg topped with Foie Gras and Parmesan cheese foaming: As a big fan of foie gras, I never had it with any form of eggs before. But it was very delish. It was very creamy, elegant and finished with Parmesan cheese flavor in the end. - Egg Cocotte Topped with a light Mushroom Cream and bottomed of Parsley Puree: Mushroom in this dish was superb. It was very flavorful!! (my mouth has aroma of whole mushroom garden with just one bite of those sauteed mushrooms.) There are three layers in this dish. Every single bite brought me surprises.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-jo%C3%ABl-robuchon-las-vegas-3#HddGsDdf8UgmJqQldQwMEA- Black Cod with a Yuzu Daikon Velvet Puree with Gold Leaf: Fish was cooked perfectly. It would be under cooked if it was cooked 30 seconds less. One bite of Daikon (radish) was perfect ending after having black cod with super creamy sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-jo%C3%ABl-robuchon-las-vegas-3#DMiGWDpJoVuh4nTSnMlg6Q- Joel Robuchon's Famous Potato Mash: I believed this dish was made with 50% of butter!!! plus de beeeeeeurre plus de beeeeeeurre- White chocolate ice cream on melting dark chocolate with mango and raspberry jam as garnishments on top: I enjoyed having it to end my meal a lot. It's not very sweet nor heavy. It was perfect ending with s glass of Chateau La Variere Coteaux de l'Aubance Clos de la Division.
4	The restaurant mixed up my reservations a little but was eventually able to accommodate us.I had the 10-course fixed dinner and it was delicious! Great service tops it off.
2	Not bad, but definitely needs improvement for a one Michelin star establishment. I know negative reviews are never popular. However I will make a effort to best explain why.This review is based on the 9-course prix-fixe menu (the regular menu items which my wife ordered looked better.) The first two dishes started off well enough. The ingredients of the first one were not to my personal taste, but very well executed. This must be acknowledged. The second, the scallop was quite good. Unfortunately, a too big flake of red pepper interrupted the delicacy of the scallop. After the first two dishes (both with a little bit too much red pepper flake), all I could taste in my mouth was red pepper flake. The tip of my tongue was burning (and I'm someone who can easily handle spicy.) And I thought this was french cuisine, not authentic burn-off-your face thai.The smoked salmon in the light curry sauce was over-salted and the combination did not mesh well at all. It was essentially a strange juxtaposition of a piece of lox dumped into an mild asian curry, i.e. what I would call bad-asian fusion. To make the dish work, I had to cut up the small piece of salmon and soak in the sauce. Perhaps a strong sauce would have been in order to offset the saltiness of the fish. Or the fish could have been less salted.The major disappointment was the quail. Foie Grae was excellent. However it was wrapped in rather tasteless piece of quail. The sauce on it tasted like something from a typical decent vietnamese/french restaurant located in the middle of a suburb. As THE signature dish, it was unacceptable. I have a good idea of how this should taste like, i.e. explode with flavor. But on this night, it just didn't do it. My friend with me, who had been to L'Atelier on many past occasions, had a small bite, and he simply was in such a shock that he forgot to demand that the chefs remake this dish and do it properly on my behalf.BTW, the executive chef was not present on this night. The chef in charge also did not make a presence in the kitchen (the place has a visible kitchen in front) until our meal was nearly over.If I were Mr. Robuchon, I would definitely pay this place a visit to ensure that it continues to reflect well on his good reputation. It's my understanding that he hasn't visited this establishment for quite a while and has been busy opening new L'Ateliers throughout the world. I think it shows.In closing: again, the food wasn't bad. It just wasn't one star Michelin.
3	I was really excited that I was able to experience this restaurant. A couple of friends in the food industry told me that Joel Robuchon's restaurant are a must try. my conclusion is I am A fan- but note to self: pace yourself and easy on the fatty content. I ended up throwing up that night at 4 am. I Had not consumed any alcohol all day..dinner was $400 for 2 people. I do not regret it, because I tried something new- but I dont think I will be paying 200/pp again anytime soon.
4	Great menu and service.  Sweet breads were fantastic.
5	This was freaking delicious.  Got the full blown tasting menu.  For pics and detailed review, visit my blog in my profile.  Everything was cooked nice and tasted really good.  We dined at the bar and got to see the chefs cook/prep in front of us.  We had:- a fois gras parfait- celery mousse with wasabi, beef stew gelee (jelly), and fois gras- sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil- langoustines cooked in their shells with green curry and coconut milk- white onion tart with smoked bacon, quail egg "mirror", and green asparagus- lightly smoked salmon with fingerling in a buttery shellfish sauce with curry and baby leeks- fois gras stuffed quailThe tastiest entrees for the menu were surprisingly the desserts.  There was a mango mousse atop an almond cake with toasted coconut ice cream.   There are chunks of mango in the sauce around it as well.  The almond cake actually sits on top of the toasted coconut ice cream.  In between these two, there was some sort of jam.  There was also a warm chocolate cake with creme de menthe sorbet and chocolate mint crunch which was also good.If you're in vegas and are looking for some good fine dining food, definitely hit up L'Atelier De Robuchon.
5	Do I really need to write a review? My only complaint was that the area we sat was in a corner. It was probably the warmest part of the restaurant according to our server.Amazing food as can be expected from Robuchon. Everything we got, my wife took a bite and all she said was "Fuuuu_"....(you get the idea).2 tasting menus1 bottle of champagne $400I was expecting to pay a lot more than I did. I was prepared to pay $800.This will now be a regular stop for me when I visit.
5	This is our 3rd visit to this restaurant. We enjoyed the seasonal tasting menu during our Christmas trip to Las Vegas. The server, Sunday, was friendly, attentive, and efficient. Every item on the tasting menu was delicious and well presented. Ordered a sea urchin flan on the side and it was outrageously addictive. The toasted coconut ice cream on top of the mango dessert had just the right texture and taste.Overall, a great dining experience - an excellent 3 hours meal that did not disappoint.
5	Amazing dinner - probably the best of the 2012 - but what else would you expect from a restaurant of the chef of the century?!I had the 9 course tasting menu and it was simply delicate, but creatively complex, and with every bite, you just wanted to savor each moment.I also had the 15-year old Macallan fine oak that went quite well along side of the entire meal.It's been 3 months since this meal took place, and I still don't have the words to fully describe it, so I'm not going to try. If you have the means to try a meal here or Joel Robuchon next door, just do it.
4	Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.Entree: Quail stuffed with foi gras was good though a bit overhyped.Amouse Bouche of Foi gras with red wine reduction is a party in your mouth.Wouldn't mind coming back and try the discovery menu.
4	We were a party of four for this last New years Eve and paid about $370 per couple with gratuity. Overall the dining experience was great with awesome attention to detail. Even had a great $40 Spanish wine (was not up to paying, up $8,000 for other bottles offered).  My one very great and disturbing disappointment was the Cod dish I ordered on the special Prix Fixe menu.  I specifically asked is this East Coast Cod or Pacific Cod (vastly inferior, horrible texture and costs them $4.00 a pound vs premium east Coast Cod at $8-$9 a pound)I was Pacific and horrible. Every food service professional knows this. One would hope this was not done intentionally?  Its like putting lipstick on a pig
4	A trendy and romantic restaurant for a special occasion.  First impression of the restaurant was made by it's bread basket.  Great presentation and a variety for selection.  Next, we had the foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam.  A must try!  My group's reaction was 50/50.  It's quite exotic if you're not familiar with the taste and texture. I had the le boeuf (spelling?) - beef ribeye with roasted shallots.  I ordered it medium rare and is exactly what I wanted.  I didn't get to nibble at everyone's plate like I usually do because mine was THAT good.  Everyone seemed satisfied with their dishes. Mashed potatoes were soooo creamy.  It was like pure butter heaven.  I can't wait to come back and enjoy other fantastic menu recommendations.For dessert -- we got the le chocolat and le framboise.  The le chocolat was outstanding.  Overall -- tummy stuffed!
5	Went here twice and tried the tasting menu both times. Excellent food, very creative with a strong punch on almost every dish. The deserts at the end are to die for, and the service is great. I recommend sitting at the bar, it's more fun and you get to see how they cook the food. Price was around 150 each with tax and tip but well worth it!
2	I've struggled for a bit with how to rate this restaurant.  Based on all the spectacular reviews on Yelp, as well as the exorbitant prices and the reputation of the great Joel Robuchon, I was quite disappointed with my dinner here on Monday, January 14.Neither my boyfriend and I have ever been here, so we tried the Menu B, which allows you to choose one out of the five following courses (http://mgmgrand.com/pdf/atelier_pre_fix_menu.pdf) at $105.00, and the featured Seasonal Menu with the Quail (http://mgmgrand.com/pdf/atelier_decouverte_menu.pdf - the one shown is different from what is offered now) at $159.00.The Seasonal Menu is 4 stars on taste, though my boyfriend felt the price is a little on the expensive side for what we got.  We both had the same Amuse Bouche, which was a Foie Gras with a Parmesan Foam - the foam gave the right amount of lightness to the Foie Gras, which I've always found to be very rich.  Another standout is the scallop with chive oil and a bit of garnish.  The quail was also awesome.  Pretty much every course was very good, but the desserts were quite ordinary, though definitely above average.I with my Menu B was not so lucky.  I think the issue I have is this restaurant's obsession with putting a lot of bells and whistles  on something that should be simplier.  For example, I had the Hamachi, which came with a delicious yellowtail atop a mountain of avocado dip-like thing and some mint!  Neither the avocado nor mint enhanced the yellowtail, which was the star of the dish, but rather obscured it with their weird flavors.The lobster bisque was also very odd and not flavorful at all.  There were thin pieces of asparagus, but what I had an issue with was the broth was not savory, but oddly salty, foamy, without depth.  Robuchoun will be spitting on my picture when I say this, but I've had Trader Joe's bisque from a box, which was more delectable.  For the fish I had a Chilean Sea Bass, which was nicely cooked, but again, its taste was obliterated and enhanced by some weird herbs.  The star of Menu B was the hanger steak, which was perfectly done with a lovely carmelized shallot on top.  (I had it medium rare.)  The dessert of panna cotta with "corn ice cream" had a few pieces of carmel popcorn thrown into it, which gave the dessert, which would've otherwise been very smooth, an odd crunchy and weird texture/flavor.The cocktails - gin martini and the Pomme Brune - were delicious, but they must've come from the bowels of the MGM as our Amuse Bouche came before the cocktails.  At least 10 minutes had elapsed.  When I made a comment to the server (supposedly the bartender himself) that we were "starving for alcohol", there was no reaction.  In fact, the waitstaff, all dressed in black, acted as if we were dining in an ER, where one should be quiet and reserved.  The service seemed oddly joyless as my food.  All of the staff were professional, especially our counter server.  We weren't looking for, "Are you done with that dessert, hon?  You want more water, sweety?" type of service, but the staff seemed a little on the cool side.  Another Yelper had commented that the kitchen staff working never spoke to each other (they do), but now I can understand what she was referring to.  The highlights of the evening was the bread, which was delicious...and they give you unlimited bread...which we took, with wanton abandon.  I suppose the Sous Chef, a Frenchman, came around and gave us more mashed potato - which is more like melted butter with a bit of potato thrown in.  That, plus the bread and the slow-moving cocktails were what made the evening for me.  My boyfriend (who did not pay for the meal) is more up in arms about the entire experience than I am.  (He asked for 3 baskets of bread, till I threatened to break up with him.)  We do not feel that the high prices were justified.  On the other hand, a couple next to us - a French couple - drove all the way from Scottsdale to the restaurant for the meal.  Of course, they ordered a la carte, and their food looked and smelled delicious.  Unfortunately, at the high price tag, I'll not be going back to try the restaurant anytime soon.
3	Not the same Atelier! If you pay $1000 for dinner for four people you expect a level of perfection. Dirty unpolished wine glass not cool. Breads and butter are perfection. I have never had a better carbonara even in Italy.Sweetbreads needed work as did the Kampachi.Dessert was brilliant.
4	I was a little disappointed.  The service was inconsistent.  One of our server was a bit too busy most of the time to even refill our water or ask us anything about our food, and we had another server who was much friendlier and a bit more attentive.  Overall, the service was average, not in a place where it's more than $100 a person to eat, even if you are eating from the a la carte menu.  I did expect better, much better.  After all, this is from the same mind who created Joel Robuchon right next door that I absolutely loved from the standpoint of service.  As for the food, the amuse was delicious.  Good contrast in sweet from the foam and salty from the foie gras, and the texture is spot on as well.  My next course was the la jambon, which is basically really expensive thin slices of ham.  I guess it was worth a try.  It was delicious.  Would I get it again?  Probably not.  My favorite dish of the night would have to be the red snapper.  It was so light and yet had so much flavor.  It made me happy inside.  Next came the foie gras quail, which was really forgetful.  It felt under seasoned.  Though beautifully presented, it was a real let down.  My boyfriend had the tasting menu, option A.  He asked for the egg with black truffles, which was good, not amazing.  Then came the lobster bisque, which I thought was excellent.  It had so much flavor.  Next came the beef cheeks, which was heavy but it balanced out with the small portion size.  Had lots of flavors though, so I think it was an overall successful dish.Then came our desserts.  I love desserts, so we got three desserts for the two of us.  I had the raspberry dessert and the souffle.  My boyfriend ordered the panna cotta.  The raspberry dessert was more entertainment than anything.  It came in a white chocolate sphere, and the raspberry syrup they poured over it melts the sphere and inside is ice cream.  I wish the amusement lasted beyond that, but the dessert was on my so so list.  The raspberry syrup and raspberry gelee and raspberries somehow managed to just overwhelm everything else.  It felt like I just ate raspberries with sugar.  None of the ice cream or the white chocolate stood out and the textures didn't work with me either.  I wish it didn't feel like raspberry gelato to me, but it did.  The souffle was a bit better.  I liked the souffle itself because it was so light and the texture so different from other souffles as it was eating a more solid version of foam.  The ice cream I didn't think went well with it.  My boyfriends dessert was more interesting.  It had subtle flavors, and was good, but not wonderful.So overall the night was good, but not amazing, not great, not what I would've expected from Joel Robuchon.  I would've rather just gone next door to his main restaurant.
5	Took my best friend here for his birthday and had one of a lifetime experience. We both had the nine course tasting menu and each plate was a work of art itself. The portions seemed small as you're going through it but in the end, you'll find yourself unexpectedly full. Didn't even announce to my server about my best friend's birthday but they managed to come out with a birthday dessert platter lit up with a candle and everything! The best part? They only charged us for ONE tasting menu rather than two and the fact that we were both fairly young comparing to other clienteles made us feel entirely welcomed. I recommend this place for the ultimate foodie. Definitely make this spot a part of your Vegas trip or restaurant check-in if you're a native Vegan.
5	Came here with my mother and my sister for my mother's birthday.  And for a lack of a better word, it was one of the most phenomenal dining experiences I've ever had! The three of us enjoyed the four course tasting menu and a few a la carte items to share.  Regretfully, I do not remember all that we ordered but I do know that if I could sum up Chef Steve's work in just one word, it would simply be heavenly.  Each dish was definitely a masterpiece in itself! Our waiter, Joe, was the most attentive waiter I've ever had in my life.  I really felt as if my party had his undivided attention the whole night.  So patient and so outgoing.  He even took the time to suggest different wine pairings that would compliment everything I ordered, from dinner to dessert!  I'd have to say the dessert made the evening.  Hands down.  If you're a little doubtful about this restaurant, come for the dessert - you'll be glad you did.  We shared five different ones that evening, including the finely sculpted birthday cake they brought out for my mother.  Absolutely amazing!  Before I conclude this review, there's just a few more things I have to mention:  at the end of dinner, the staff presented my mother with a little birthday gift.  Love that they make each guest feel like they're one in a million!  Also, the way the staff serenades their celebrants is just something else!  What a very talented group of men, let me tell you.  You'd think that in addition to all the hours they spend mastering such great of an art, they also spend hours singing and harmonizing with one another as well.  Their version of happy birthday is just wonderful! If ever you're in the valley, this has certainly got to be at the top of your to-do list.  Love L'Atelier, Chef Steve and his over the top wait staff!  So very hospitable, there's no wonder why they're one of Vegas' best restaurants!
5	An absolutely amazing, delectable, and gorgeously presented meal...MENUS:$78 which includes amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, fish or meat, dessert$105 which includes amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, fish, meat, dessertA la carte dishes also available I opted for the $78 menu and ordered:*Chicken Egg on a crispy polenta galette & black truffle ($15 supplement) - Amazingly delicious and worth paying the supplement.  The polenta was crispy, topped with a runny egg yolk and garnished with thin slices of black truffle and parmesan.  A mouthwatering dish that had me wanting more.*Lobster bisque with asparagus - So delicious!!  The bisque was creamy with a slight lobster flavor.  Chopped up pieces of lobster and asparagus could be found as you scooped up the soup. *Braised beef cheeks w/carrots & red wine sauce - Delicious and extremely tender.  Mashed potatoes accompanied the dish which I thought were good, but a bit too heavy and buttery for me.*Ice cream & sorbet - The perfect sweet and tart ending to the meal.  A small scoop of pistachio ice cream, banana ice cream, and raspberry sorbet is served on top of a few small slivers of fruit.  WHAT TO KNOW:*Casual dining: jeans acceptable, but presentable shoes*Sleek modern look with tables and counter seating and an open kitchen*Reservations can be made on Opentable, however it told us there weren't any reservations available.  We were able to get a reservation after calling L'Atelier directly*Portion sizes are on the smaller side so order an additional dish or load up on bread*Three different types of bread are served with a delicious butter topped with sea salt.  My favorite bread was the round flakey one. *Choice of still (Evian), sparkling, or tap waterSERVICE:Great!  We had a few servers: one that took our food order and others who brought the dishes to the counter.  Our main waiter who took our order was nice, friendly, and knowledgeable of the menu.  Everyone was friendly and we were periodically checked up on.  Dishes were well timed and for our four course meal, we spent a little less than an hour and a half here. I definitely can't wait to come back...
5	Had my second meal here on my recent Vegas trip, and it hasn't slipped at all. This is like the fanciest diner you've ever been to, with almost all the seating at a U-shaped bar which stretches around an action kitchen. The menu is primarily small plates and you select how many your palate and your wallet can take. I had la dorade (snapper ceviche), la caille (quail stuffed with foie gras, a chef specialty which is tiny in size but huge in flavor), and les fromages (cheese plate). This plus a glass of wine came out to $105 with tax and tip, but it was all absolutely worth it for the care taken with the dishes. They aren't overly complicated, but each ingredient is artfully chosen and at the absolute of quality, and put together by some seriously skilled chefs. You may want to run by McDonald's to fill up after dining here, but you most likely won't regret the experience.
1	Way over priced! Poor service, bad atmosphere, would never go back!
5	Love the fact that this place is not super formal or stuffy, yet you get stellar food and appropriate service.  I actually enjoy the food at this location even better than the 2 in Paris (France, not down the strip).  Not a whole lot to add about the food that hasn't already been mentioned - but here's a few of the standouts for me.  1)Amuse bouche - must be crack in it. 2) Lobster spaghetti - I'm craving some just thinking about it.  3) Sliders w/ foie - divine, even if artery hardening.I'd say the last time I tried their tasting menu about 6 months ago, it was fastastic - and worth experiencing.  However - make sure you go back to sample the regular menu - Joel was chef of the Century for a reason, yeah?
5	By far, the best tasting menu I have ever had. Went for the Discovery menu, 10 courses with a happy belly at the end :) Don't expect pretense or attitude here; do expect fantastic service, impeccable presentation, gracious portion, and lasting experience...
5	The tasting menu was great. Wine pairings were perfect and gave me some new options. Loved the lobster carpaccio. Our waiter Paul was perfect. Worth the price for the experience.
5	Simply the best food in town. If you have not been there yet, and if you are ready to splurge for a special occasion or just because you can, this is THE place to go. Totally informal (no need to wear a bow and a suite, yet do not go in shorts and flip flops!), relaxed atmosphere, this place is not about being seen, it is about the food. I feel that no words would be good enough to describe the quality, freshness, taste, texture you would get, so better if you just try it for yourself. You will NOT be disappointed.
2	This was a great disappointment. My boyfriend booked a surprise dinner for the two of us for Valentines Day at MGM. I had been dying to dine here for months.  I found the found uninspired and bland. The reservation time was for 8pm, but we were told that they were backed up. We were asked to wait at the bar and offered champagne. We assumed the champagne was complimentary since our reservation was an hour late... At 9:15 we were handled a $120 bill for the champagne. Awesome. We dined n the tasting menu with wine pairing. I wasn't totally into the food.
4	Fun to watch the food being prepared in front of you. We did the tasting menu and had a great time. This is one of the places we would like to re-visit. If you're into small plates with playful presentation this is where you want to be. Would give 5 stars, but our main server seemed a little bit bored, pretentious, above us, whatever, still had a good time.
2	To start off with the decor was pleasant. Dark wood on the walls with interesting display of clear acrylic blocks with misc food items in them. The table setting was nicely presented and the silverware was also clean. The hostess and waiter were polite but also prompt in seating while bringing us our menus and bread basket for the table. Immediately the biggest distraction was the location of the restaurant inside of the casino; what I mean is that the entrance to the restaurant was in clear view of a high traffic area for the casino, the windows were not covered for privacy and the door was left open the entire time. This disturbs the ambiance of the dining experience as you have distracting noise from the casino floor, casino traffic passing by the entire time and the additional sites and sounds. The windows should have been covered completely with shades and the main door shut to provide a sense of seclusion and help set the mood for a great dining experience. Small notes are the table pepper had absolutely no pepper in it and while I did like the chairs I am not too fond of the low back support style they had. Food delivery was good and prompt. presentation was good and the time it took them to clear the table was also prompt. I was not a fan of all the food we ordered. The appetizers were Ok but the quantity/quality of taste for the price on the appetizers was not balanced properly for me. The main meal was delicious and so were the desserts.
5	I knew when we were going to Vegas and tried to get reservations at both Joel Robuchon's restaurants and they were all booked. We went to MGM to see the KA, which was wonderful! and we were able to make reservations at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon for 9pm, just by walking up. We were seated at the bar, which had a prefect view of the kitchen. Which was awesome to watch the staff all work skillfully with Chef Steve Benjamin. Our main server was Eric, who was wonderful! He fully explained the menu and made a wonderful suggestion for wine, which was $70 for the bottle. We were not rushed and felt very special. We decided to go with the $78 menu, which includes amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, fish or meat, dessert! First the bread was served, which was fantastic and butter was yummy! The amuse bouche, was outstanding and set the bar for the whole meal. My appetizer was Yellow tail Tuna Hamachi, which came with a delicious yellow tail atop a mountain of guacamole and herbs!  The soup was Lobster bisque with asparagus - So delicious!! My meal was Con fit Duck, which was terrific! Dessert was Pecans and coffee sorbet, which was a great ending to the whole dining experience. The staff treated us very professionally and answered all of our questions, I would not hesitate to go back!!
5	We came for the mashed potatoes and weren't disappointed.HONESTLY, THE BEST MASHED POTATOES ON THE PLANET!P.S.  You probably won't see them on the menu so be sure to ask.
5	Had one of the best meals in my entire life. Service, food, presentation...everything was fantastic. To see pictures of what we ate check out my food website:http://eatsporkjew.com/travel-2/las-vegas/marry-me-joel-robuchon/
5	No kitchen should be complete without a giant vise holding onto an Iberian ham.  Okay, well, maybe that's a bit much for you or me.  However, not here.  So, my little sister turned 21 last Friday.  And she says to me, "So, i'm going to Vegas for a conference Sunday!"   The most fitting thing to do seems to be to go visit and take her to a really nice dinner.  So I did.A reservation booked for 8:45 yielded prompt seating.  I ordered the 5 course prix fixe and my sister had the 4 course prix fixe.  We both ordered different things to share and try.  Winners: Baguette - It's sort of a prerequisite thing to have right.  Le pain et beurre Foie gras parfait with parmasean foam and port wine? reduction.  This guy had very good flavor, savory from the foam, sweetness from the reduction, and richness from the parfait.  Lobster Bisque w/ Edamame:  I have not tried many lobster bisques in my life.  But this one was superb.  Imagine squeezing out a lobster into a bowl.  That's sort of how it tasted.  In a really good way.  Also now picture yourself on a wharf and smelling a bit of that salty breeze.  Take just a drop of that and add it to the bisque as well.  You know, so you can tell it's delicious, but it's fresh!  That's what you end up with, accompanied with a few small pieces of lobster tail and edamame  Chilean Sea Bass:Yummmmmmm  served over a delicious leek soup.  Hard to go wrong with Chilean Sea Bass. it's almost like cheating.  Pretty drops of oils to decorate the plate as well!Steak Tartar:  Excellently crispy fries, rich flavorful tartar.  I would order this again.  I don't have too much experience with tartar but it was definitely enjoyable.Le Boeuf:  oh yum... rich caramelized shallots topping a ribeye cap.  With a reduction & some mustard.  This was pretty heavenly.  Great flavor in every bite.  Les Tartes:  The cinnamon tart, and the strawberry pistachio tart were my top favorites.  The apple cinmamon one was a good third.  The lemon tart was more citrusy than I prefer, and the chocolate/peanut tart was good, but did not shine as well as the other aforementioned.  And super cool, besides the open kitchen to watch some prep, my sister got a birthday dessert and they sang Joyeux Anniversaire to her  :)
5	Visited this place with my husband for my 25th birthday. When I was asked I said that I want a fun, cool restaurant with delicious food. Our options either L'atelier or simply Joel Robuchon the main. The hostess recommended us L'Atelier since she mentioned that we, as a young couple, will enjoy the ambience more. So we walked in to my favorite color RED. The place was definitely not big at all, with some tables but mainly the huge bar/kitchen on the right side of the entrance. WOW... so much goes on beyond the bar point towards the kitchen, the action makes you stare and try to figure out all the different roles those cooks and chefs own. We got the course menu. From the main dishes my husband had fillet mignon and I had qual stuffed foie gras satisfaction met. My most favorite dish; however, was the egg filled with parmesan foam and champaign reduction, amazing. There is also a dessert wine that a must try. Im not really into wines so much but this particular wine made my entire day and left me with unforgettable taste. It called Royal Tokaji "a wine that would make angels sing out loud in praise" it definitely speaks for itself. Great ending with dessert. Since it was my birthday, they were generous enough to give us 5 different pieces of their best desserts on one plating, that was too much so we gave it away to the couple next to us. I soon want to visit Joel Robuchon main, but L'Atelier is definitely my type of place with lots of action.
5	4.5/5Great dinning experience. We planned to celebrate our one year anniversary in Vegas and this place was one of the ones recommended by our friends. Loved the bar experience and being able go watch the chef meticuouly prepare and plate our dinner.  I think I say this everytime we visit a "chief's table" restaurant,  but I am always humbled to watch the professionals as they prepare my meal.  As I was pregnant at the time the chefs were very accomadating and made sure to exchange certain dishes from the seasonal tasting menu to fit my need.  Everything was outstanding, especially the scallops (which they had to 86 due to popular demand) and the foie gras stuffed quail.  Seeing the executive chef that night was awesome.  He was constantly thinking ahead and micromanaging everything. This may sound like a negative thing,  but when your boss is Joel Roubouchon you cannot serve anything but pure perfection.  Very respectable.  He even signed and dated our menu.Our menu was as follows:-l'amuse bouche: foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam-le homard: lobster carpaccio with delicate aromatics and shellfish extract-la saint-jacques: sea scallop cooked in the shell with chive oil-la langousine: langoustine a la plancha with green curry and cilantro-l'oeuf de poule: chicken egg miroir on a tofu and spinach mille-feuille (we added truffle)-la sole: sole in a shellfish-butter sauce with potatoes-foie gras stuffed free-range quail with truffled mashed potatoes-la mangue: mango mousse atop an almond cake, toasted coconut ice cream (love this ice cream!!)-le chocolat: warm chocolate cake, creme de menthe sorbet and chocolate mint crunch (hubby had this and said it was delish!  I just got to stare at it hehe!)-le cafe: decaf...Only downside is that from time to time they need to open the door to allow more guests in. This causes smoke from the cassino to come in.  Not really the way I imagined enjoying my meal.Well worth a trip!
5	we came here for hubbie's birthday dinner before a concert. very convenient location.we each had the tasting menu which was absolutely delicious and although pricey, i felt pretty reasonable and very high quality and therefore totally worth it. they even had an extra birthday dessert at the end (which i thought was better than the dessert that came with the tasting menu). i would definitely return for future vegas trips
5	Tasting menu was the best food experience ever
3	Ever since I walked by Joel Robuchon's restaurant on my way to Ka a few years back, I had wanted to try this restaurant so I was excited my hubby took me here for my birthday. We made a reservation about 3 weeks prior to our trip to Vegas and we had a choice between the restaurant and the L'atelier. Upon reading reviews on yelp, I was confident that the l'atelier, the more casual, sexy restaurant was our best bet. Upon arrival we were seated at the bar (the concept was nice, you get to watch the chefs prepare everything right in front of you). The actual execution of it was far from pleasurable as it is rather uncomfortable to sit on the stools for 3 hours while you are consuming your tasting menu.I opted for the seasonal menu whereas my hubby opted for the four course menu. The food was delicately prepared and watching the head chef (definitely French and very serious-but of course not Joel) you can tell he was a perfectionist. Although each of the dishes in the tasting was good, I would say it was missing  je ne sais quoi component to it. Having had other tasting menu's at French Laundry, Gary Danko's, Michael Minna, etc. I really didn't have that sense of satisfaction that I would have expected for a $400 meal.I would also say the service while satisfactory, was not exceptional. Our server seemed to be just listing the ingredients and preparation of the food lacking any passion, almost as if he were reading the lines for a role he did not want. I was also slightly put off by the fact that some people were wearing jeans and just very causal wear (I think I may have seen sneakers) as it detracts from the overall ambiance.There are a lot of positive reviews here for this restaurant but I wanted to share my honest assessment of how I felt about the food, service, overall dining experience. Perhaps if you are going to do ala carte or one of the smaller tastings you may want to come here but if you are really interested in the tasting I would say the restaurant would likely be a better bet than the l'atelier.
4	What do I rate a restaurant that serves exquisite, almost perfectly prepared food that has nary a surprising twist for me along the way, cost an arm, a leg, a kidney, spleen, and my firstborn, but that I can't remember with much definition a year later? Probably five stars for the majority of patrons. There is no doubt they earn their stellar reviews here, this is about perfect for anyone looking for traditional haute cuisine French.  Please keep that in mind as you read this. On a purely technical level, taking out cost and innovation, this is fabulous. If you're looking for that, you can't go wrong here.Finding ourselves in Vegas for a distant relatives wedding over our anniversary weekend this past May, I decided to go all in for the highest rated restaurant I could find in the city, that wouldn't completely bankrupt me. Joel Robuchon, the French chef of zee century, has two world class options on the strip, including his namesake immediately next door, that is so extravagant that a meal costs north of what I take home in a month. It's black sheep sibling L'atelier is more moderate, if you can call a $500+ meal moderate. (if you can, I need a benefactor post haste.)L'atelier is casual. I must admit I'm more enamored of the decor than the actual food. Gleaming and modern, stunning Chinese reds, deep blacks and shining chrome everywhere sounds over the top but it's oh so very cool. Service is exceptional and understated as should be expected. Sitting at the counter we got to watch the choreography of the kitchen, though the staff is so precise and quick there really wasn't much to watch. Hell's Kitchen this isn't. One of the parameters I rate restaurants by is cost to quality ratio. While well heeled diners might not blink at this type of bill, it's a reach for us, a splurge and I need it to make unforgettable memories to be worth the outlay. We eat out so much that perfectly prepared dishes just aren't enough to mesmerize me. I want something I haven't experienced previously.We ordered the Seasonal Discovery menu at $159. It's a substantial meal, consisting of six savory dishes after the initial foie gras parfait and ending with two dessert plates. Not to be forgotten, some of the best bread you'll find anywhere. Every course served my wife and I looked at each other and agreed it was delicious. Yet somehow by the endThe confit of Mediterranean vegetables was light and delightful but nothing remarkable for a carnivore.Poached baby Kusshi oysters were fabulous, delectable bites. Wish there were a few more of them, but the tiny duo were a highlight.So were the langoustines in green curry and coconut milk that followed. If not uniquely prepared, they were the pinnacle of the menu. Among the best I've experienced.The white onion tart with bacon and a quail egg mirror was nice if I remember correctly, but it didn't make a lasting impression. Neither did the John Dory with baby leeks in a buttery shellfish sauce. Perfectly prepared but again lost in memory by time and more interesting plates since then. A foie gras stuffed quail with mashed potatoes was also technically brilliant but nothing markedly different from many quail dishes over the years save the obvious technical brilliance the kitchen has. French style hanger steak was fantabulous. Though it was just a simple dish, the meat quality was amazing. For sure the best quality hanger steak I've had. Caramel panna cotta was nice but rather mundane for this level dining. I was expecting crazy good desserts but these were oddly pedestrian even as they were tasty, though the finale of fresh black berries with chocolate cake was very good. By the end it all added up to an expensive experience of excellence, but (and there is a but), looking back on the way out there was a sense of disappointment. Maybe we were expecting a transcendent meal, considering the stature of Robuchon, instead of just technical prowess. I've had better meals before, and many since then. When all is said and done the evening doesn't make my top ten all time dinners, maybe not even my top twenty which is odd, considering everything was flawless.Best Plates: poached Kusshi Oysters, Langoustines, hanger steak, foie gras stuffed quailPalate: French mainstream haute cuisineFood - AAmbience - A+Service - A+Value - B+
4	We came here for dinner after watching KA. I was thinking about ordering the smaller 3 course meal but I decided to order the 4 course prix fixe meal because I wanted dessert. L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is a more affordable version of the Joel Robuchon restaurant next door. My 4 course meal here was around $70. The bread basket was good. My favorite was this small round bread that tasted like a puff pastry croissant. The amuse bouche had mixed reviews at our table. Some thought it was inedible and it scared me to eat it but I didn't think it was too bad. It is warm pate with a texture like flan and some foam. The waiter was really nice and offered some helpful food recommendations. I ordered the Calamari, Broccoli and Bacon Soup, Duck, and Tarts. My sister ordered the Beef Cheek as her main course which was small but really tender. The Calamari and Broccoli and Bacon soup appetizers were interesting and yummy. I really liked the Duck as well. I was pretty stuffed by the third round so I wasn't able to finish my dessert! The dessert came with 5 tarts - chocolate, fruit, cinnamon, lemon, and snickers. All of them were delicious!
5	We come here almost annually for our wedding anniversary and this year did not disappoint.   The flavors are ridiculous and the presentation is amazing.   Sea bass, foie gras which I miss since we live in ultra-liberal California that has banned in most restaurants.   Outstanding wine by the glass selection - reasonable considering the quality level.  Here's some negatives - I find it a bit weird stuck in the MGM's gambling table area especially with so many gangbangers in town due to a prize fight weekend when we went.  Lots of people who look like they were carrying weapons milling around the area.  Other than that, spectacular.    Mortgage your house and run, don't walk, to Joel Robouchon's masterpiece casual dining restaurant.
5	WOW. Totally lives up to the hype. First off, this is the more casual (and "cheaper") version of the Joel Robuchon franchises. They're right next door to each other and located right near the Cirque Du Soleil theater. Due to time, we opted for the a la carte menu (although I'd love to try their seasonal menu sometime). For the a la carte, there's one side that's "small bites" and another side that's regular appetizer and entree portions. Here were the highlights (almost everything we ordered):1. Sea urchin with green sauce - Ok I don't know the name but it's basically a small dish that comes with a generous amount of sea urchin with a gelee and it's covered in a green sauce. There's a slight hint of mint flavor but the whole dish was pretty inventive and something different that I've never had before. For that reason alone, I'd order this dish. It's always fun to try an inventive dish2. Le Foie Gras - The traditional seared foie is a must if you're from CA and it's simple and really makes you realize you hate that CA banned it. 3. Le Burger - Oh my gosh the foie burger is one of their most popular dishes and I can totally see why. It's basically 2 small bites of a burger that's got a big chunk of foie in it. SO damn good. MUST order this. You won't regret it4. La Langoustine - You get 3 pieces if you order the appetizer version (1 piece if you get the small tasting, I think). THIS is how langoustines are supposed to taste. Well done. 5. La Caille - One of their signature dishes is the foie gras stuffed quail with mashed potatoes. The sauce for the quail is pretty amazing and the quail itself is pretty good too (although with all the flavor, it's a little hard to decipher the foie inside). However, the mashed potatoes on the side? TOTAL WIN. It was so buttery and good that I'd order that in itself. 6. La framboise - The raspberry surprise inside the white chocolate sphere is a bit of a show but it's so delicious and savory but still maintains a lightness to it (that makes no sense. Just order it and you'll see). SKIP (don't get me wrong, it was still good but I probably wouldn't order it again)1. The tuna belly confit - Looked like a fresh tasting salad and honestly, I was pretty confused as to where the tuna was. Good but probably the least memorable out of all the dishes. Service was impeccable --everything down to the very last detail. Love the decor and the open kitchen (sit at the bar).The whole meal will put a huge hole in your wallet but it's a hole worth having.
5	Been here twice.  The food is just ridiculous.  And the wait staff is unbelievably professional.  Favorite dish is the "les spaghettis," an upgraded carbonara.  And the "l'onglet," a steak tartar. Both sound simple enough, but are superlative preparations of each's respective ingredients--hence their names, "the" spaghetti and "the" hangar steak.
5	WOW!!!!! Best restaurant I've ever been to. Bar none. I judge all other tasting menus to L'Atelier. When in Vegas it's a must.
5	Make your reservations early on.  Request to be seated at the counter.  It's nice to watch all the action yet be provided great service.  I found it amazing how quiet it was in their kitchen.  It's fun to watch how absolutely meticulous everyone is with every dish.  Whatever your diet, they'll cater to you.  I'm pescetarian and the tasting menu was completely worth it.  Be sure to order some wine and cheese.  They offer a delicious selection.
4	Great food great service.  Everything you would expect.  Had the tasting and wine pairing menu.  Both were great.  Dessert was the only thing I didn't love, but it was still good, just not 5 star.
3	I dined at L'Atelier this past April after dining at the actual 3 star JR next door in January. Boy, do the 2 star difference show between the 2 restaurants. I was quite let down by L'Atelier in terms of taste and presentation. It felt like the "bar" section of JR  next door. We both ordered the chef's tasting menu, which I felt like that too much fusion taste going on. One of the dishes was a Cantonese inspired shrimp ball soup that seemed completely out of place. Most of the other dishes were quite forgettable and uninspiring that I can't even recall it anymore. For dessert, I was served one mango custard which was awesome. The second one was a heavy chocolate mint fudge which was overwhelming. My advise is, pay up the money and enjoy the real JR next door. It is much better than L'Atelier and will take your breath away.
3	This is my third time dining at L'Atelier, twice in Las Vegas and once at the London outpost.  Compared to my other 2 experiences this visit was just okay.  I've always enjoyed the open kitchen/counter experience but this time it felt awkward...lighting too bright, cramped space and service felt rushed.  Nowhere near the precise, attentive and leisurely paced service in London.  I went with Menu A and then we also added on several appetizers from the al a carte menu.  What sticks out as outstanding for me were the foie gras amuse bouche, La Fraise dessert and the mashed potatoes (could have had a large bowl of these for my entree!). The overall presentation of each dish was very good as well.  Other items that were good just missing the wow factor for me were the oysters, tomato salad and tuna carpaccio.  I can't recall what my entree was (fish of some sort) nor any of the other dishes.  Overall not a bad experience just expected more.
5	We read some good reviews for this restaurant but since we had eaten at some places that weren't that great we weren't too sure what to expect.  This was my first dining experience at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon and I ordered the Seasonal Discovery Tasting Menu.  Of all the things that I ate, only one plate was just a-ok, the Alaskan King crab with gelee.  The gelee is just something I'm not that fond of.  Everything else however, was beyond scrumptious.   I would love to go back again to savor their La Cebette, the onion tart with smoked bacon.  The foie gras -which had to be enjoyed slowly because I knew I wasn't going to find something this good and truly mouthwatering.  Pretty much made my eyes roll in the back of my head good.  I thought for a tasting menu that their portions were quite generous.  I remember being done in one bite at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.  Here, I even managed to share a couple of bites of some plates with my husband.  The baguettes vividly reminded us of Paris and the boulangeries we can no longer visit.  And I can not believe the process that goes into making the silky smooth - mashed potatoes.  They're not mashed, thats for sure.   All in all, we left with a hefty bill but on cloud nine.  Definitely one of the best dining/service experiences we have encountered in Las Vegas.
5	We had a great dinner! We all had the discovery menu! A memorable meal! Pretty much on point with YUM E.'s food experience.
5	Jeez where do I begin?! Been dyeing to try this place after scrolling through many of their pictures, drooling every night and of course the raving reviews. Located in the MGM Grand, its a very small restaurant. A few table seating but what makes the difference between L'Atelier and Joel is L'Atelier is more limited dining, a little casual, and you get to sit at the bar and watch the chef and sous chef prepare your dinner. Joel is more romantic and elegant. After deciding either or not to do the pre fix menu we decided to do our own pre fix which was more like tapas style we choose the smaller dishes so we can try a bit of everything!The bread basket is indeed the best. I loved the mini round croissants and the perfect crisped bread, even the butter was amazing. Luckily we got refills but be careful they get you!_Amuse bouche, which was some foie gras with foam on top was heaven! a bit of a egg custard texture. That was just the tease. I could have had 5 more shots of those._Le Jambon, Iberico ham with toasted bread and tomatoes. Not a big fan of ham but this wins ham of the year. The chef said this ham is around $900! a tad salty, does not even need bread, just the ham itself is more than enough._La Langoustine, Crispy lobster with bail pesto was a huge tease. Only comes in one so I had to treasure that one bite. _La Durade, Snapper marinated with lime was so fresh and went well with all the sauces. Presentation was also beautiful._Uni, can't remember the name but this one dish I was not a big fan of. I love uni but with the pea soup I feel it did not compliment each other. Both overpowering flavors you loose the taste of each with the strong flavors of the pea._La Caille, one of the most popular dish, drum rolls please.... foie gras stuffed quail with mashed potatoes, drooling at the moment. So tiny I was almost in tears. It was the best dish I've ever had. OR it can be my withdrawals of foie gras every aspect of the dish was perfect! A bite and an ooze of the foie gras burst in your mouth and the potatoes were out of this world. _LE burger, Beef and foie gras burgers! say what?! beef AND foie gras! 2 bite size burgers were more than enough since it was a rich dish. OMG perfect, can I get a hallelujah! _Le Chocolate, one of the best chocolate desserts. It had me at oreo cookie crumbs. spongy on top, layered with gelato and oreo bites on the bottom, perfect texture and taste._LA Framboise, was a show.. A ball of white chocolate and a guy poured raspberry sauce on top and the ball opened up slowly! taste it was good but I'm not a big fan of white chocolate. _Les tartes, this was complimentary from out waiter, about 5 tiny tartes to try. Some were good and some were a miss but it was free so I'll take it!Overall I would definitely come back here again any day anytime! A great experience and damn I'm getting emotional just thinking its in Vegas come back to me L'Atelier!!!
5	The best fine dining in Vegas, without the stuffy atmosphere.  Sit at the bar so you can watch the chefs at work.
5	The BEST food I've ever had in my life!  Chef Steven is AMAZING! His staff is Amazing, Everything was AMAZING!  My husband and I want to go back again and again.  It's definitely worth every dollar!  I'm in ecstasy!!!! A Fantastic Experience!  I hail to Chef Steve Benjamin!
4	After almost 4 years, returned to the spot of one of my favorite dining experiences. Food was still first rate, but service was lacking this time so have to downgrade it from 5 stars.Food: 4.5, Atmosphere: 4.5, Service: 2Cost to worth it rating: 3 (tasting menu $159, wine pairing $105)Return worthiness: yesHighlights:- Menu options: you can do whatever want from getting a bunch of appetizer portions, a la carte entree, 4-5 course of your choice from selected items, or a full 9 course tasting menu. I like that the whole party does not have to agree on the direction.- Seared foie: one of the best versions I've had (and I order it as often as I can). Thin slice with the perfect level of crispy sear on top and melt in your mouth texture underneath that.- Onion tart: still a favorite. Like an upscale quiche but the thin version with a crispy bottom layer. Presentation with the tiny egg in the middle, thin cheese triangles on the side, and confetti of bacon was beautiful - Rose: the star of the wine pairing and I appreciated the departure from a syrupy sweet wine paired with seared foie.- Amuse: Parmesan foam and foie isn't a common combo, but it worked. Kinda looked like a latte in a shot glass which was fun- Foie gras sliders: not my dish but looked amazing and got rave reviews from my friends. Mini beef burgers with seared foie on top paired with crinkly fries and a ginger ketchup.Midlights:- Wine pairing: glad they added this since my last visit but it was more like a few glasses than a true course by course pairing. Was a bit challenging saving half while waiting for the next course as well. Lowlights:- Waiter: fine when he was talking to us but he was never around. The worst part was almost the hour gap between the cheese course and desserts. After a several hour meal, my table was getting restless. No acknowledgment of the issue at this caliber of a restaurant was very disappointing. - Tables: not as fun without a view of kitchen. I'd suggest all the seats in the place have a clear view of the kitchen- Fish: bit overlooked and not much flavor Enjoyed my meal, but next time I'm going to sit at the bar area so I can see the action and ensure a better level of service.
5	After being disappointed by various high end, "Celebrity Chef" restaurants, I was absolutely blown away by the amazing dining experience that I had at L'Atelier.From start to finish, despite a packed dining room, we felt like VIPs in terms of service.  We all got the 4 selection tasting and between us all, we managed to get every single selection available.Every morsel from the fresh bread and butter thru to the last spoonful of dessert, the table was speechless from enjoyment.A must for all!
5	This is my favorite french place. Its actually a good value compared to other top notch French restaurants.
5	Best restaurant I've been to in Vegas.
5	This SHOULD BE one of your Splurge Night destinations if you WANT to taste things that you won't be able to duplicate at home with unusual ingredients and the most interesting of textures. Everything I mean EVERYTHING we tried was a surprise and everything was masterfully crafted.Like most of the other nicer Las Vegas Strip Restaurants they offer many menus and for price and selection I stick with the current $79. menu I think it's the most bang for your buck. It includes your amuse, two appetizers one entree and one dessert selection.They started everyone off with an amuse of foie gras parmesan parfaits. My husband said they were indescribable.One of the appetizers I revisited again was the beef cheeks. They have the smallest threads of radish standing up like hairs  applied with tweezers on the slowly red wine braised beef. decorated with the tiniest onion rings you ever seen in your life. this time micro cubes of tofu were applied. Last year they used chopped egg. What really amazed me was the gem lettuce I had it before but I never tasted lettuce that was so good before it was like the steak of lettuce. I don't know how you can make a lettuce so special but it was and it was adorned with the thinnest lightest cheese crisp anyone can imagine.The salmon carpaccio was like melted butter in my mouth. The lemon laced fennel mango salad garnished with tiny purple flowers  and micro lettuce was perfect with it.Seared Kampachi belly was butter like as well and worked well in the cilantro sauce as long as you didn't use too much of the sauce. Eggplant compote was complex with flavors.The side of potatoes with almost just butter with some potatoes. It was so rich my heart almost stopped but I couldn't stop eating them. Only here have I tasted potatoes that were so smooth and so buttery like this.I picked the tart for dessert and I received an assortment off the best appetizer sized tarts I ever had. Each one did differ in taste but each one was an explosion of flavor in my mouth.It was just light years from ordinary and among the very best I tried anywhere.
5	A truly awesome experience!Unlike the mansion, L'atelier is a much more casual restaurant coupled with a vibrant and interactive experience where the best seat in the house is actually at the counter!Our server was warm friendly and helpful with the menu, which included the enticing Seasonal Discovery Tasting Menu. We all decided to go with that with wine pairings and our exhilarating journey began. We were started with an amuse bouche, which was a Parfait of foie gras with Parmesan cream coupled with a glass of Veuve Clicquot Champs.  The flavor profiles were impeccable. Creamy smooth fragrant and indulgent. A spectacular start to our meal.The breads were warm and fluffy. My personal favorite was the buttery brioche that was flaky, light, and simply delicious. The first course was a beautiful Alaskan king crab on a delicate gelee and cream of spiced fresh peas. It was both refreshing and flavorful.Next up were beautifully seared medallions of buttery diver scallops, which were served with a vibrant shimeji salad that brought out just the right amount of acidity to this wonderful dish.La CebetteA crisp white onion tart topped with savory smoked bacon green asparagus and crowned with a perfectly cooked quail egg. Easily one of my favorite dishes of the evening.Seared duck foie grasServed au torchon, this satisfying dish made me realize why I waited so long to enjoy foie gras in Vegas. Decadently rich, yet infinitely satisfying!John Dory served with a crisp skinThis beautiful dish was served with a irresistible tomato saffron bouillon sauce that had a subtle earthy, fragrant flavor. Free range quail stuffed with foie gras. The quail leg was cooked to perfection and the stuffed quail was flavorful and rich.Hanger steakWith a beautifully pink center and a melt in your mouth texture, this was easily the best cut of steak I had the pleasure to enjoy all weekend! Oh and the accompanying creamy mash potatoes? Like velvet and yes they're ridiculously good as everyone boasts! The mango mouse dessert was exemplary! A fantastic finish to our extraordinary meal.It was cool, smooth creamy and fragrant. A combination quite fitting for any successful dessert The final dish was no "also ran" it was as easy on the eyes as it was on the palate. A bright and tantalizing Creme de menthe atop a decadently rich chocolate cake. It truly was a fantastic finale to our inspiring meal.I can't speak enough about our experience here. Dining at the chef's table was a truly organic experience that involved a lot of interaction with the sommelier and staff on a personal level that made for an unforgettable experience I will cherish for years to come!Bravo L'atelier!Happy Eats!
5	Amazing luxury dining experience at this One-star Michelin restaurant!  Be sure to make reservations for the counter so you can peek at the delights in progress. The service was impeccable:  polished yet friendly.  Incredibly informative and descriptive.  The Sommalier was also very welcoming and shared some wonderful tips with us.  My Husband and I were celebrating our birthdays, so we splurged and did the Discovery Tasting Menu (11 courses) for $159 pp.  Holy.  It was a feast of seasonal delights.  And it was really special to see how each plate was painstakingly created. The name of the restaurant means the Artist's workshop/studio... so even the decor and dark walls, with red lights strategically placed showcased the chefs' hands at their craft. And each plate is stunning.  Clearly I'm a fan. The Discovery Menu was full of very rich tastes... so prepare to be wowed.See photo as I'm sure the menu changes often. the highlights: Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam - -a super light and creamy foie gras flavored tasting.  Not too intense. Delicious. Alaskan King Crab with fresh peas-SO FRESH and to die for!White onion tart with smoked bacon, quail egg "mirror" and asparagus- One of my favorite courses!  The pastry was perfectly crusty, it was the most upscale play on a pizzaThe Foie Gras - seared to perfection, this was the biggest portion of the delicacy that I've ever been served.  Not for the faint of heart though... FG fans will be in heaven. Hubby gamely took a few bites and passed it onto to me to finish.The Hanger Steak was not to be missed! served with theirsignature mashed potatoes = absurdly decadent.  Strawberry with tequila gelee fresh blackberries and pop rocksThis dessert is a MUST!!!!! I giggled the entire time... The first bites were like nothing I have ever had, especially at a place like this.  Whimsical!
5	in my opinion, french food in california has lost much of its luster...mainly because of the ban on the sale of Foie Gras.  not to say that french cuisine is solely dependent on this fatty liver of goose or duck...its because...well, yeah...its because we dont have foie gras anymore and the food and menu's just arent the same...had dinner at The French Laundry the other day...no foie gras on the menu...dinner sucked.one meal at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon...whats on the menu? oh whuuuut? foie? GAME OVER...hands down best meal of my year up to date...i basically had a dinner that consisted of foie gras prepared several ways, along with having some fresh uni...that was all.good thing about this place is that you dont NEED to do a prix fixe menu...you simply choose what you want to eat and make your own 3-10 course meal yourself (granted, it might be cheaper to do the set menu...i learned this the hard way)so if you live in california...and you miss your foie gras...this place is a must try restaurant...and if there is one thing on the menu i would recommend...PLEASE GET THE FOIE GRAS SLIDERS...they will change your life.
5	We had a great birthday dinner experience here before Ka. Sunday was our server and he was awesome. The mashed potatoes were the best thing I have ever eaten and their bread is incredible.
5	I hesitated to award five stars to this. I think it should maybe be around 4.75 stars...But I would not hesitate to recommend this place to -everybody- - I can't imagine anything like this even really exists much outside of Vegas.   l'Atelier is the "casual" version of the extremely spendy super-haute-French-gastrosplosion next door (with it's $450 per person 'degustation' meal).  I admit I was a bit nervous being a walk-in seated at the bar in jeans (and my black Prada shoes - I needed some insurance). The place was packed as often happens when Ka lets out next door. Everybody seemed richer and more cultured than me. Why am I here?But for the mere sum of $140 - over a two hour period- I witnessed an amazing display of technical precision only matched by the Cirque performers next door. *And* I got to eat the results. And was made to feel comfortable. The food was among the best I've ever had in my life. A few of the dishes elicited the "eyes rolling back in my head" reaction (especially one of the desserts, the amuse bouche, the giant slab of foie gras, etc). I will state that other meals (in Vegas - nobu, craftsteak) have elicited an overall higher degree of flavor awesomeness (though arguably at a fraction of the labor cost). But this was incredible because of the inventive and interesting dishes some of which took 10 minutes to plate. I would go back in a heartbeat and eat the whole meal again (after fasting a couple of days in advance next time) - but what really blew my mind was the high level of professionalism and teamwork the staff displayed. Seemingly everyone knows how to do every task and does a task whenever it needs to be done. Watching people place micro greens or chips of Parmesan on dishes with tweezers is impressive. Watching a guy painstakingly season every leaf in a salad by hand is impressive. But the one time I witnessed a collision (bound to happen - but only saw it once) the two people backed up, then the collider reached over and instantly straightened up the food (which had moved slightly) on the collidees plates. Then they changed direction and instantly continued on their original trajectory. How is this level of teamwork possible? It is rarely found anywhere - not in business, not in sports teams.  I am still astonished. Go for the food (they have meals starting at the I-cant-believe-this-covers-the-labor $45!) and stay for the show. You will be glad you did. Omfg the food was awesome. Did I mention that?
5	Wow.  Outstanding restaurant.  From the greeting (we were the first to arrive) to the goodbyes, what a wonderful dining experience. There is no doubt that if you are looking for a chef's table experience, sitting at the counter is the place to be.  We had the modified tasting menus.  Every course was delicious and an explosion of tastes.  My entrees were the veal and the sea bass and my wife's was the steak.  Suggestions for wines with each selection were spot on.  Kudos to Chef Claude and his team.  A special great job to Eric, our server.
5	After going to the one in London, i wanted to show my friends what all the hype was about. We were not disappointed. Amazing cuisine. Every bite is an adventure. I recommend the full tasting (~9 courses). Also, they have a sommelier who comes around to the tables just for wine info. He doesn't have any other job there. It's what sets this place apart from many other fancy restaurants. Can be very busy before shows, so definitely make a reservation.
5	We did the 16 course tasting at the "main" restaurant a couple years ago, but we actually prefer L'Atelier.  The atmosphere is a little more casual and the counter seating allows you to watch the culinary artists prepare the dishes.  Treat yourself to the full tasting menu and the excellent wine pairings.
5	Wonderful. Food as good as the big brother without the white table cloths. Will certainly be back.
5	My girlfriend and I try a new restaurant every time we go to Vegas and this time we went to L'atelier. Being French I had some expectation on the menu. We chose the discovery menu with the wine pairing and it was phenomenal. The wines were also very good and perfectly suited to the food even if sometimes a little unexpected (but you should trust the restaurant at that level). The menu comes with ~10 courses or so. You get a small portion of each. The dishes were modern twists of french classic dishes and they were all perfect. The menu on the website is not the right one... as it changes and evolves.The staff was great ! and what made the experience even more enjoyable was the fact that you are seating at a bar around the kitchen. The Chef came to check on us a few time and you can see all the cooks meticulously prepare your dishes. There are always waiters on the other side of the bar who explain to you each course... and it's easy to engage conversation. I thought the simplicity/friendliness/casual of the place paired with the awesome food was a great experience. The sommelier walks around just to talk about the wines. He was very interesting and eager to share his knowledge.The check for 2 persons was $650 with tips... totally worth it in my opinion. Probably one of the best restaurant I have been to both for the food and the atmosphere. Excellent French restaurant without the bad sides.
3	I went there because the yelp 4.5 stars, but I feel it only worth 3, The price was too high, the food looks great, but taste just OK. we had group of 4, they gave us Highchairs which was really uncomfortable. and 3 of my friends thinks they will never come again, and really regret to come here.I feel ok with some dishes. but I will not come back again either. will try   e'   or Picasso next time. glad I didnt go Joel Robuchon since L'Atelier disappointed me.nor sure why the rate is so high
5	The free-range quail stuffed with foie gras (Calle) was to die for. really, everything on that dish meshed well together. a must try.The appetizer which is the sea urchin on top of beef gelatin covered in pea soup was really boring. I just didn't get the concept, you want the uni to shine, but all that other gelatin and pea soup just covered the flavor, not complement it. There was also a texture issue, its like you're eating a mouthful of savory jello, which was not to my liking. there should just be something to chew in that sort of dish, otherwise I feel like I'm eating pureed baby food. other than that, this place is great, small portions, over priced, but tasty.
1	I was extraordinarily disappointed with my experience at L'Atelier this past weekend.The highlight was the bread. The lowlight was everything else. Perhaps it was just an off night, but my impression was that this is a restaurant that people think is good because it's expensive and has a well-known chef's name attached to it, and therefore tend to come away with their prior expectations confirmed, but is not actually good and gets by merely on its reputation.I went with a group of nine and we all got the prix fixe tasting menu. Overall the food was attractively presented but significantly lacking in deliciousness given what's expected from a restaurant of this alleged caliber, and most frustratingly, took a preposterous three hours to serve. Each course is a mere two bites or so, and we were waiting 20 minutes or longer between each one, with no explanation. Water glasses routinely went unfilled for long stretches of time. The staff was reasonably friendly, but the awful pace of the meal really ruined the experience. The foie gras parfait amuse bouche was frankly pretty gross. Foie gras is much too rich and earthy a way to start a meal anyway - an amuse bouche should be something light and crisp (the gold standard being the salmon cone at the French Laundry). The menu also way overdid the foie gras, including it in three of the nine courses. This seems like pandering to diners who equate foie gras with high status without evaluating the actual execution (in another course, it was lukewarm; several in our group passed on it and requested something else instead - the replacement course the kitchen provided consisted of woven slices of ham). I suppose considering this is Las Vegas, perhaps that is not surprising, but I expected much better from a restaurant of this esteem.Besides the bread, the scallop with sushi rice and the steak were both quite tasty, but everything else served was middling. L'Atelier was nowhere near on par with the actual haute cuisine restaurants it is pretending to, nor worth the exorbitant price (we were charged a "large group" fee of $125 that was not specified on the menu, in addition to the mandatory 20% service charge - including a modest amount of wine, the bill came to more than $300 per person). I know I'm swimming against the tide here but I urge you to examine whether you are paying for hype or for an actually valuable experience before making a reservation at this restaurant.
2	I went there for my birthday this year with three friends. We ordered the pre fixe. The food was just okay, not exceptional, which is unacceptable at their price point.Sadly, the bread was one of the better offerings. We had to wait so long in between each course (15-20 minutes) and needed to repeatedly ask to get our water refills. We asked for the bill a few times and had to wait 30 minutes. We were so tempted to walk out.
4	Tasty but slow. Thanks for letting me take a nap on the table. Complicated to make a large res but given that the restaurant has about 4 tables, I can understand why
4	I find most French restaurant too stiff and stuck up, although I am not a stranger to French dining. L'Atelier is surprising chic and modern without lacking the elegance expected from Joel Robuchon. This is a petite restaurant with a relax atmosphere, still the crowd comes dressed in their best Vegas looks. Bar side seating was for two since tables were reserved for larger parties. No worries, the red decor has no resemblance to a cheap Chinese restaurant.  Only French luxury. My only disappointed is that the restaurant is located at the MGM Grand. It's justly simple become a Ghetto Hotel.The cuisine was exceptional. Smoke salmon, foie grais, sea bass and lobster. Yes! The best lobster ever! The service was above and beyond. My original dish was not what I expected and they made me a new one! What can I say. I was very happy with the experience:)
5	I've never had a more amazing experience at a Michelin-star restaurant than here...well, maybe Joel Robuchon's other restaurant next door will beat my L'Atelier experience but I'm not going there until next month so I'm letting this sink in 'til then. I was supposed to take myself on a solo birthday dinner date back in August but they were completely booked.  When I remembered to make a reservation it was already weeks after my birthday and the soonest availability was end of September so I went ahead and got my spot...for my sister and I. Now, it all makes sense and I'm thankful the dining gods were with us tonight, we got to meet Joel Robuchon. I'm not a huge fan of celebrities or models and what not...I'm a fangirl of athletes and celebrity chefs! Meeting Joel Robuchon at L'Atelier was a 4/365 chance. Enough of my fangirl babbling.We sat at the bar area to watch food being prepared - it was such a delight. Our server was Eddie and he has been working here since the day they opened. He took extremely good care of us. Best service I've had anywhere else. All requests granted. He made great recommendations and answered any questions we had about the menu. The manager chatted with us too. Extremely attentive. The sommelier let us try some wines before narrowing it down to what we really want. I got a Riesling and my sister got a Malbec...on top of the Veuve Clicquot we were already drinking.Aside from the a la carte menu, they have 4 other menus: Menu A ($78: amuse-bouche, 2 appetizers, 1 entree and 1 dessert), Menu B ($105: amuse-bouche, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 1 dessert), Pre-Theatre served from 5-6:30pm ($45: amuse-bouche, 1 appetizer and roast of the day) and Seasonal Discovery (11-courses for under $200).Amuse-Bouche:Foie gras parfait with port wine reduction and parmesan emulsion. The port wine compliments the richness of the creamy foie gras and the parmesan emulsion adds lightness and saltiness. The Californians sitting next to us were jealous that we can eat foie gras in Nevada and that we have Joel Robuchon in Vegas - they should be. 5/5Le Saumon:Salmon carpaccio with fennel-mango salad and lemon essence. The mango they use are not the ripe ones so it's crisp and a bit tart (I love unripe/green mangoes). The salmon is fresh and works well with fennel. 5/5Le Crabe Royal:King crab with turnips and sweet and sour sauce. Thinly sliced turnip under and on top of the crab meat. Excellent flavors. 5/5Les Calamars:Sauteed calamari and vegetable medley in crustaceous vinaigrette. Lightly cooked calamari. There's olive oil with olive puree on the side of the plate. I'm allergic to olives and seafood/squid but I cleaned my plate - if I died because of this dish, it was worth it! 5/5La Bisque de Homard:Lobster bisque with morels and edamame. Lobster, mushrooms and edamame? Excellent! Great consistency and flavor. 5/5Le Beuf:Beef cheek with natural jus and vegetables. Super tender beef you can eat with just a fork. 5/5Le Canard:Duck with sweet and sour daikon and young leeks. I trust French chefs/restaurants to make a great duck dish...I've never been disappointed. Tender thinly sliced and well-seasoned duck that's perfectly cooked. You get 4 slices of daikon that tastes a bit smokey than sweet/sour. 5/5Mashed Potatoes:Very creamy potatoes...no lumps, imperfections whatsoever. Let's ignore the butter and fat content for one night...it's delicious! 5/5Les Tartes:Different kinds of tarts: raspberry tart, chocolate, caramel and peanut tart, orange tart, cinnamon tart and pistachio tart. Great sampling of different tarts. My faces were chocolate, caramel and peanut tart, and pistachio tart. 5/5La Fraise:Strawberry daiquiri with yogurt sorbet and pop rocks. I'm a 80's baby so I grew up eating pop rocks and I enjoy re-living my childhood. They're mixed in with the fresh strawberries and the sorbet...you can hear the fizz. The yogurt sorbet is so yummy...and at the bottom is a strawberry daiquiri jelly. 5/5Le Chocolat:Chocolate ice cream, cremeux, Araguani dark chocolate and Oreo cookie crumbs. Incredible dessert. Fine-quality chocolate with a good chocolate ice cream and crunch from Oreos. 5/5I can try real hard to find a flaw but it's just not happening. I'm just laughing at the thought of forgetting whose birthday we were celebrating: mine (August) or my sister's (October). The highlight of the evening was meeting Joel Robuchon and chatting with him. C'es magnifique, Monsieur Robuchon!
5	They have excellent dishes and I would recommend the prie fixe menu. The atmosphere is a tad informal for such a high end place, but overall worthy of the 1 Michelin star.
4	We did the tasting menu and overall it was a great meal. Some dishes were better than others, but the service was phenomenal. Sunday was our server and was so knowledgeable and attentive. One of the best service experiences I've had in a restaurant.
5	This, along side of its big brother next door, are the best restaurants in Vegas. The food is mind blowing. Service is as good as it gets. The atmosphere is top notch. One thing about the menu. Everything is good. But if you want to taste the world's greatest mashed potatoes, you will find them there. If you hit it big and have enough extra money in your pocket to either buy used Kia or have dinner, treat yourself and go here. Its insanely expensive. If you are a foodie like me, it is well worth it. Does not get much better than this.
1	Super disappointed with our second experience here. Paying $1200 for dinner you would think our waiter would actually pay attention to us.  But no he was absent practically our entire dinner. Atleast we had the sommelier available to explain the food.... The food we received.  Because we took food to go and did not receive an entire entree and a $40 appetizer. We were in a rush at the end to get to a show on time so we asked for the rest of dinner to go.  So the next day when I called to let them know we didn't receive a few dishes off of our $1200 dinner the hostess who answered was uninterested and ready to dismiss me without any help or concern and practically hung up on me as I was talking. Super unclassy.  I reminded her again that we just paid $1200 at a supposed Michelin rated restaurant and did not receive a few dishes in our order and  she finally said she would relay the message to the manager but I did not receive a phone call so I'm sure she was full of sh*te.
4	I did something here that I don't normally do, let alone when visiting Las Vegas. Because I have, like, friends and family:I ate dinner out by myself.Solo diner. Party of one. The Japanese call this "ohitori-sama" - the honored single guest.And it was great!* Booking was easy - 7pm weekday reservation arranged a couple of days in advance.* Warmly welcomed by the hostess.* Incredibly friendly, low-key service. Somewhere in between an American bar and a French bistro.* Outstanding food, which needs no further discussion here. For this Californian, though, foie gras (illegal back home, gah) was a standout with crispy seared surface.* Surprisingly reasonably priced, considering Las Vegas. 4-course + amuse menu was $78; before 6:30pm there's also the quick pre-theatre menu for $48.* Got half-bottles of Champagne & Chateauneuf du Pape for $88, which turned out better than ordering by the (relatively pricey) glasses. The fellow next to me ordered a whole Sancerre bottle for $40, well done.Which reminds me about this fellow seated next to me -- French-speaking Jason Statham assassin-looking guy also eating solo. I was about to happily drown in the French bistro atmospheric cool, until he turned out to be from Ottawa, hockey talk and all, and that rather killed the romanticism.
5	Called again a few days later since we never heard from the manager..... We spoke with Sebastian who finally gave us the 5 star treatment one would expect from this restaurant. He apologized and invited us back for a dinner for two on the house.  The hostess from the original review still only gets 1 star for her rude attitude.
5	Attending SEMA we weren't quite dressed for Joel Robuchon next door. But it ended up being the best way to go having to "settle" for L'Atelier as we were able to have the fixed 9 course tasting menu and several tasting size portions and so way we were able to try  much more of the menu! We loved, and I do mean LOVED every moment of our dinner. Eddie our server was wonderful to explain every plate, how to eat it, and best of all he was helpful but not pushy with recommendations for what would best suit our taste needs as much of the menu was new to us. Will had the 9 courses, and was perfect to share, along side my 3 appetizers and dessert. While I won't recite each item we had (though I could out of fondness and happy memories), I will tell you that we whole heartedly agreed on our top three items....do not miss these (even if you think you don't like something. as we believed we did not like uni, we were MISTAKEN!) 1) the amuse bouche with parmesan foam, a red wine reduction and foie gras on the bottom layer 2) the straight up seared foie gras (do not forget to eat the cranberries...yum) 3) hamachi ravioli with uni filling....de -freakling-lecktalbe. Oh and the mashed potatoes...well OMG, they are TO DIE FOR! This dinner was all about the little details, from freshly made bread and croissants, to fresh silverware and warm plates for each round, and the beautiful carbon steak knives. And did I mention the service was AMAZING! And our dessert was delectable, from the Chantilly cake to the most delectable blueberries we've EVER had, alongside the most delicious cherry sorbet (the sorbet of any flavor is NOT to be missed) and the chocolate temptation was just that, deliciously chocolatey and wonderful. Loved the gold touches on top. It was so much fun to be able to sit and watch the kitchen and the intricacy that each plate was created with. We BOTH left saying it was the "best meal I've ever had in my life!" No doubt we will have fond memories of this dinner for a long time; I'm still thinking about it with a giant smile on my face. Can't wait for SEMA next year, just so I can eat here again!!!!
5	Great meal with fantastic service! What else can you ask for? We were seated at the center of the bar overlooking the open kitchen. I would definitely suggest the bar for great entertainment value as you watch the chefs go to great lengths for perfection on a plate. I was impressed that they actually took out tweezers just to move one little crumb. My husband and I did the Seasonal Discovery Menu. The only decision we had to make was either quail or hanger steak for one of the courses. We got 1 of each and both agreed that the hanger steak was our favorite. His favorite course of the night was the seared duck foie gras. It was pretty dang perfect with the searing on the outside and smoothness on the inside. I absolutely loved the roasted king crab over spiced eggplant soup. Two of my favorite things in 1 dish is just heaven. We also got the wine pairing and I would highly suggest it as we had 5 wines throughout the evening with very generous pours.
4	Order the 11 course tasting menu (really 10 courses and a coffee). It is doubtful that you will find every item absolutely delectable, but it is fun to experience the variety of temperatures, textures, and flavors. Plus, who doesn't want gregarious and charming men bringing food to them eleven times over? The sommelier was also patient and enthusiastic. We loved the educational tidbits he shared with us.
2	AHHHHH!!! We are sitting at the restaurant right now waiting, waiting, WAITING, for the next course to arrive. This has potentially been the WORST customer service I have ever received at a restaurant, and as a result both my husband and I are playing on our phones to avoid eye contact with our server. We had a 730 reservation, and upon trying to check in, the immature, unprofessional hostess told us we would still have to wait 20 minutes. Ok, no biggie -- hubby and I went to wander around the aging casino that is the MGM. We came back 25 minutes later, only to be told that we would still have to wait 20 minutes more. Seriously? We are paying $$$$$$$$$$$$$ (yes, that many dollar signs) for dinner and you can't even friggin seat us on time? We have been to multiple Michelin star places and we were quite frankly appalled. My husband threw a little fit about this, and after a little scene out unprofessional hostess told us we could wait next door at the "very exclusive" Joel Robuchon lounge. Oh goodie. A place to sit at an overpriced bar with no comped drinks because YOU ARE BAD AT HONORING RESERVATIONS!!!We ordered drinks, and 5 seconds of receiving them the hostess came over to tell us our table was ready. Then she told us we had to close out at Joel Robuchon and that we could not bring our drinks over next door as it is a separate establishment. What is this, Cheesecake Factory? Actually, scrap that ... Even they let you bring drinks from the bar to the table. Then, we came over. The bitchy hostess also slammed every door on the way and showed her anger at her own ineptitude. Food was great. Not gonna lie. BUT THEN, my husband asked to speak to the manager .... And things went downhill.  Again. WAIT, isn't this a MICHELIN STARRED RESTAURANT?!?Turns out they don't currently have a manager. The sommelier came over. He defended the front staff, did not acknowledge that they were unprofessional, and then said, "well, what do you want me to do?"Anyway this place sucks. Avoid at all costs and spend your money and time elsewhere. In the time it took me to write this epic novel of a review, we have still been waiting for our next course. AHHHHH I WANTED TO LIKE YOU!!!! Sad :(
5	This was a GREAT way to end our vacation. We always end our vacations with a good meal and this one really impressed us. We stumbled upon this restaurant because we were staying at the MGM. We looked at the menu outside of the restaurant and it looked good so we booked reservations. Service was great from the start. They make you feel comfortable and welcome to their establishment. We ordered the $160 prixe fixe menu and a half bottle of Veuve Cliquot. They start you off with a basket of bread. It had 2 types of baguette and a croissant type one. The croissant one was my favorite but the baguette wasn't bad either. I loved every part of the prixe fixe menu except the amuse bouche. It was a foie gras custard type thing with foam. It was waaaay too rich for me and I started gagging. Don't get me wrong, I love foie gras but this really freaked out my palette. My favorites were the hamachi "ravioli" with uni, the foie gras with fig, and the quail. The mashed potatoes were to die for just as everyone said and the quail was cooked perfectly. They also gave me a little dessert plate for my birthday and they serenaded me in French. Cute touch and it ended our meal nicely. I want to come back here when I come back to Vegas in June. There are few times when my bf truly enjoys a meal and this was one of them. Thank you L'Atelier!
5	Tried the seasonal tasting menu for my wife's birthday dinner. $159 pp which worth every penny of it, and maybe MORE. Bar seating was a fantastic experience for over viewing everything from raw ingredients to detail preparation. Will definitely come back to try another one.
5	Dinning at L' Atelier de Joel Robuchon is a culinary treat unequaled and definitely worth the experience and expense. We dined at the counter bar which provides a great view of the kitchen and the chefs working together to create what we called food art as each course was meticulously prepared and provided an incredible presentation. We where seated promptly at the time of our reservation and service was excellent and our waiter was excellent at explaining each course we received. We ordered the seasonal discovery prixfixe which included several courses including awesome Foie gras stuffed free-range quail with mashed potatoes a half bottle of French Champagne rounded out each course. A definite treat
5	This was a wonderful experience. We all ordered the pri fixe menu and all of us had the seared foie gras appetizer. It was so good. It melted in my mouth. I also had the lobster pasta which was bursting with flavor. Service was excellent. The restaurant doesn't look like your typical French restaurant. The chairs are red and a lot of the restaurant was black. Would love to come back and visit again.
5	I mean, it's Joel Robuchon...how can this be bad?Holy mashed potatoes.We went here during our brief Las Vegas stay, and we opted for Menu A (1 amuse bouche, 2 appetizers, 1 entree, 1 dessert) for $80, and this was plenty of food!  If you select Menu A or B, you have to pick appetizers and entrees from a separate menu (not the typical a la carte menu) and neither the MGM website or his personal website have this listed.This is not a huge restaurant, and if you are a party of 2-4 people, there's a high probability you will get seated at the bar.  This seats are wonderful if you like watching the kitchen in action. I think there are enough reviews and photos of this restaurant to see and read about the entire menu four-times over, but I thought the service was excellent, and the food was exceptional.We shared the calamari, crab on turnip discs, crudo, and the foie gras on risotto (which was amazing) appetizers.The pork was exceptional, very tender and well matched with the cabbage.  The duck appears to have downsized over time, and it was well-prepared, but not stand out.The tarts were fantastic, and the caipirinha dessert was quite creative. Excellent meal.
4	I was excited to finally try food from one of Joel Robuchon's restaurants. And while I thoroughly enjoyed it and felt it was worth the money, I will probably spend the extra to go next door if I have the opportunity.The atmosphere is pretty interesting. The dining area is quiet and dark, but from the bar you look from your shadowy seats directly into the bright kitchen where all the action is happening. We did one seasonal menu and one menu B. Just enough food for two people. Their mashed potatoes (duh) and duck are AMAZING. These were my two favorite items of the night. I've heard that in the mashed potatoes recipe, the ratio of potatoes to butter is 1:1 so of course it's heaven in your mouth. The duck was perfectly medium, juicy, tender, just the right amount of salty, and so flavorful. It was cooked so perfectly that when it came out I thought it was steak. I'm not a huge duck fan. I am a steak girl all the way, but this duck has forced me to reevaluate my past misconceptions about the bird. Other items were good, but I wouldn't necessarily go back for them.
1	They offer a happy hour from 5pm to 6:45pm but when we arrived at 5:15pm they were booked until 9pm even though no one was in the restaurant. I'll post a photo of the empty restaurant. Take your wallet where they care about your business.
5	Great meal, service at the counter is great! Tried both foie gras, both we're well prepared well and tasted fantastic. Ask for a drink they did not have on the menu and they went and found it in the building ! That's service. Quail and wagyu beef were also winners and we'll as the pastry assorted platter.
5	We've been to L'Atelier 3 times, and each time it has been the highlight of our trip! Outstanding food and service, fun to watch the chefs at work.  Don't miss it!
1	We had dinner at L'Atelier last night, and it was a complete disappointment. If you are looking to spend upward of 1K on dinner, I suggest that you go to another restaurant instead. I made our dinner reservation three weeks in advance, and asked for counter seating. I was told it would be no problem. I also called the day before our dinner to confirm our reservation and once again were told it would counter seating. When we arrived at the restaurant 15 mins prior to our reserved, we were told that we can't sit at the counter and they can only give us a table. I explained to the hostess that I had just confirmed our seating the day prior. She was very rude and just threw up her hands and told us there was nothing she can do. The restaurant was completely empty at the time. I asked to speak to a manager. A guy with a red tie came out and stood right in front of me checked the computer screen, after ignoring us for a good 2 minutes. He told us seats are never guaranteed. He also proceeded to lecture both my husband and I that if we sit at the counter, another party wouldn't be able to eat at the restaurant tonight at all. His tone was incredibly obnoxious. We never raised our voices to either the whole time, if I this restaurant weren't so highly rated, we would walked away for sure. He finally did give us counter seats, but by that time,  he had managed to ruin a good part of our dinner experience already. I kept worrying about if another group were not going to be able to dine there because like he lectured, but the restaurant was never full the entire time we were there (6pm-9pm), there were always tables and counters available. The counter seats we did get were right by the entrance, so it was rather loud and my entire view of the kitcken were blocked by the corner decorations in the kitchen. I would not have given the restaurant a one star rating if the dishes were outstanding. We had the discovery menu and menu B. We got to try quite a few dishes that night. They were so underwhelming, I don't understand the 5 star rating on yelp. I was particularly disappointed at their signature dish- La Caille quail with foie gras served with mashed potatoes. It wasn't even good, barely warm to the touch and pretty bland. They also managed to over cook a fish dish I had. I can't pick out a single dish that stood out to me on the entire discovery menu. Our server was pleasant and the presentations were nice. But given the bad service we encountered at the door and the mediocre food.  This is no way of deserving a michelin star. The few other michelin starred places we have been to in LA, SF and Japan are far superior in both service and food.  I can't believe I picked this place to waste that much money.
5	A friend who works at Le Bernadin in NYC told me he ate one of the best meals of his life here, so naturally that was all the recommendation I needed to make a reservation for my first night in Vegas (sent alone on business for a couple days)The night started off a bit rocky - I was a few minutes late for a 9pm reservation, and was told it would be 20-30 minutes because they were running behind, and I could come back.  I've never been told that so matter-of-factly with no apology before at ANY restaurant in ANY city when I had actually made a reservation, so naturally I was a little pissed.  Also, I had booked it there so I was hot and sweaty and thirsty, and I was tired and hungry because I had just flown in from the east coast and it was midnight my time.  Go wander around the casino for 30 minutes and hope a seat will be ready then?  No thanks.  After looking around for a minute aimlessly trying to figure out what I wanted, I realized what it was - water.  I was obviously quite annoyed and I think it came through to the hostess when I asked if I could at least have some water, so after she popped inside and came back out (there is no where to wait in the restaurant itself - the hostess stand is outside of it in the casino), and asked me if I wanted to wait at the back bar until my reservation was ready.  OF COURSE.  Thank you.  Maybe offer that in the first place to someone dining alone when their reservation is going to be at least 30 minutes late?  Hostess(es) could use a little more training.So, i grabbed one of the three seats at the back bar area and promptly downed a glass of water.  I really enjoy chatting up strangers when I'm traveling alone, and the man working the bar (Tedman - a unique name for sure) quickly became my buddy for the evening.  He brought me some bread, and we chatted about this and that, 30 minutes later my "reservation" seat still wasn't ready, but I also realized that if I moved over to the main bar area overlooking the kitchen, I'd really be eating a very long meal truly alone, because the servers there would be super busy.  I said to Tedman, "Man I wish I could just eat back here so we can keep hanging out," and he replied, "Do you want to?"  OF COURSE I DO!!!  I didn't even know that was an option!!  DAMN IT!I was super happy to continue hanging out with Tedman while he made drinks for the restaurant, and while I had intended to do one of the smaller tasting menus, everything I really wanted to try was on the Discovery Tasting menu ($185), and I just couldn't resist.  Best.  Decision.  Ever.  A few of the highlights:-The bread basket. Oh, god, the bread basket.  Those fluffly little croissant like spirals - I will dream of them.  So, so, so good. The butter flown in from france that comes with it?  AAAAAAAAH FEED ME BUTTER.-The foie gras parfait - you mean a foie gras pudding cup?  Um, yes please.-The oysters - I don't eat oysters.  I don't like oysters.  I've never had an oyster I liked.  I downed these three in 10 seconds flat.  Might have been because they were swimming in French salted butter.  -The white onion tart was one of the best composed, flavorful, and interesting dishes I've had in any restaurant, anywhere.  Didn't hurt that it was covered in black truffles ;)-The foie gras ravioli - ooooh goooooood little nuggets of juicy foie gras heaven (are you sensing that I like foie gras?). And I had to sit on my hands not to drink the rest of the broth straight from the bowl so I didn't fill up.I'll add I was a little disappointed in the foie gras stuffed quail.  It was a little too sweet, and I couldn't really taste the foie gras all that much.  However, the mashed potatoes that came with it - HOLY WOW.  Best mashed potatoes I've ever, ever had.  Clearly 50% butter.At some point the manager - Ben - was standing back in that area surveying his restaurant, and we started chatting.  And...basically we didn't stop.  Every moment he had while he keenly observed his staff and well-oiled machine of a restaurant, he was back hanging out with me - talking about the food, his family, our lives, our plans.  Between Ben and Tedman it was not only an amazing meal, but an amazing experience.  They both really seemed to like watching me enjoy the food so much, they brought me a second bread basket with cheesy bread that I "had to try" and more of my favorite little pinwheels from next door, and in between my two dessert courses also brought me a dessert sampler from the candy cart at The Mansion.  Ben also grabbed me before I left and gave me an unsolicited tour of the kitchen both restaurants share.  It was a wonderful gift, and an awesome cap to an amazing experience, and phenomenal meal. Thank you Ben!Aside from the hiccup of their being really backed up (the reasoning behind which was explained to me and I don't have enough space to write), the whole night was wonderful. I finished dinner at 3am my (let lagged) time, and couldn't have been happier.
2	As a native San Franciscan and resident New Yorker, I feel confident in my palate judgement. This was a huge disappointment. Our server never explained the menu, a la carte vs tasting etc, the butter tasted like the fridge, and the wine list was vague. Food was average, hostess was rude and snarky, and I left smelling like a cheap fifth avenue hooker. I could actually taste perfume in my mouth. We asked to be moved away the offender, but we still had stuffy smelly air around us across the room.  The wafting euro trash stank was so pervasive I could smell the restaurant in my hair the next morning. I just didn't have an overall pleasant experience. I Would enjoy this if I was drunk, and it was comped.  More ventilation, better service.Only perk:  I liked the black napkin for my black pants. And the kitchen staff was working hard.
4	From the small plates concept to the sexy black and red decor, L'atelier is a fabulous spot to indulge in a little (or a lot) of luxurious decadence. I had the foie gras stuffed quail with a side of roasted vegetables and the framboise dessert. The quail dish consisted of a juicy roasted breast stuffed with a rich squirt of foie gras, a petite bone-in leg, and a dollop of butter parading under the guise of mashed potatoes. The dish was perfectly suited to the small plate format because of its over the top richness - a portion size any larger would have been overkill. The roasted vegetables were drenched in an unnecessary amount of herb oil and were practically inedible as a result. But the star of the table was certainly the framboise dessert, which was hands down the best dessert I've ever had. The dish featured so many different elements from the rich, creamy white chocolate, refreshingly smooth citrusy yuzu ice cream, hot tart raspberry sauce, and crispy puffs of rice, but it all came together in one hell of an elaborate plate. Even better than its over the top combination of flavors and textures was its incredibly dramatic presentation - it truly did justice to the "explosion" of flavors, textures, and temperatures packed into the dish. An absolute must order - it's something you truly have to experience yourself! The service and ambience were great as well. Despite a not so discreet location overlooking the MGM casino floor, the restaurant somehow had a nice breeze running throughout that gave it a refreshing al fresco vibe. :)Overall, I'd highly recommend L'atelier, even beyond just as a lower price alternative to the real deal Joel Robuchon - from sharing a sampling of small plates to a full blown 9-course chef's tasting menu, L'atelier offers the perfect amount of luxury to whet any appetite.
4	I'm very versed in eating out at fine restaurants as I know my ingredients, food style, wines, name chefs and all that jazz. Joel Robuchon has been on my bucket list and seeing as I'm not going to Paris or Hong Kong anytime soon, well, this is close as I can get. This is my second Michelin Restaurant I've been to in Vegas, and it's the second time I have been underwhelmed.Weird as it is to say, I don't blame the restaurant, I blame Vegas. I cannot imagine the types of people that come in, whether it's showing off cause they won money, whether it's people on business trips ( a lot of showing off there) - the restaurants end up catering to the clientele, and a lot of the clientele don't know how to eat at establishments such as these. Now of course this is not everyone, but we've all been to Vegas. You have all seen them!Needless to say, my experience was extremely positive, I was just underwhelmed by the food. **The key to eating here is to sit at the bar! That is what you want, and not a table.**Our server was extremely knowledgeable, explained all the menus, was able to accommodate the fact my friend hates bacon, and we were pleased especially as we both got the 9 course tasting menu.The first half of the tasting was awesome, but the last half didn't stand out. I know what to expect from a restaurant of this caliber, and I feel they feel just shy of it. Again, I blame Vegas.I will eat at Joel Robuchon again, but overseas where they cater to people who know how to eat.
5	Definitely adding to my list of favorite restaurants.  Amazing in every way, and it's also just casual enough not to feel stuffy, no coat and tie needed!  Suggest to sit at the middle of the bar, facing the kitchen.  If you're a foodie, this really adds to the experience and makes it a culinary event.  This is one of those rare restaurants that had us constantly saying "wow", and "amazing"! The appetizers and entrees are spot on in flavor, you don't even notice whether it is cooked properly, rather pure focus on flavor and texture.  You get immersed in the umami flavors & perfect presentations, very satisfying. After having our 2 apps and 2 entrees, we really didn't have the same expectations for the desserts...wrong...again, entertaining plays on coffee, for one dessert and lime and citrus for the other.  Crazy good.It's $300-500 for 2, depending on which pre-fix menu you choose and wine, but man, i think we might have to make this a regular destination every time we are in Vegas just to get my fix! One hint - if you have a specific reservation time in mind, suggest going directly to the restaurant (MGM Grand) and speak with the host at the entrance.  We were able to get a time and specific seat that was not possible over the phone through MGM or MLife.
1	Simply a terrible night at L'Atalier. Our party of 5 was seated at 8:45pm. The members of our party ordered differently with two of us doing the large tasting menu, one doing the smaller tasting menu and the other two ordering ala carte. This was a bit of a surprise as normally the whole table has to do the larger tasting menu.From the start of our meal, the timing of service was a combination of long waits, no explanation of the course and sub par food. When the front door of the  restaurant closed at 9:30 it almost  felt as though we were being told to hurry up, eat and leave. Our friends who ordered ala carte waited 45 minutes between first and second courses. The food on our first visit 6 months ago was just over the moon. This time beginning with a truffle pasta for the table to share we were underwhelmed. The pasta was heavy and creamy with only a hint of truffles. Not even in the same zipcode as the first visit. We were so aggravated by the slow service I cannot even remember a memorable dish!  At $1700 for five people we felt completely taken.  With so many great restaurants in Vegas , L'atalier will be scratched from our list forever.
4	I first became interested in fine dining in 2006 after reading a review of Robuchon's new concept L'Attelier in my local Vancouver newspaper, My first Robuchon experience was his mansion next door in 2011. The sea bass was spectacular, a decent cocktail and tea, an extraordinary amuse bouche of crab and caviar, a severely disappointing langoustine ravioli. The highlight of the almost $300 meal was was my delightful server. She suggested I try next door. I did in 2012. The hamachi was just b a r e l y edible. The John Dory was unedible. But the langoustine fritter- AH. That is food. That is why Joel is the chef of the century. I had it again a few weeks ago, in December, this time with a cocktail full of basil to complement the basil in the langoustine fritter. This was eaten immediately after an astonishing meal of lionfish at American Fish and it would be hard to top that. Good food on the strip isn't cheap. But generally, you get what you pay for.
5	The one thing I love about vegas is the FOOD and entertainment! You get the best of everything all conveniently located in walking distance on the strip 24/7. My bf & I got tickets to the KA show which is located inside MGM. Since we are both food lovers and fans of CHEF OF THE CENTURY Joel Robuchon, he decided to treat us to this restaurant since it was located right next door to the KA Theater. FYI: we made reservations way in advance (about a month) it books up quickWe decided to do the Course A Menus in addition to extra a la carte plates off the menu. Total was a little over $400 w/ tax & tip, but totally worth it!! (Yes you get charged for water)We were lucky to get close seating so that we could see the open kitchen. I loved watching the chefs do their thing live. Felt like I was on Master chef being one of the judges hehe. The setting is very intimate w/ dim lit lights and red/black color theme. Our waiter was very professional and had great recommendations. We got started off w/ complimentary bread basket and butter. THAT BUTTER WOW not sure if it's house made, but it is some bomb ass butter w/ their bread basket (ate 2 baskets of it!)For course A you get Amuse-Bouche, 2 appetizers, 1 main course, and 1 dessert.Amuse Bouche - It was Foie Gras parfait w/ port wine & parmesan foam. Goodness it was sooo rich I almost choked trying to take it all in one shot. The foie gras is very distinct as I haven't had it before in CA. Very great opener to start our mealLes Langoustine - HOLY CRAP I wish I ordered double of this. Don't you just love french names for food? They always sound so appealing and the langoustine dish here lived up to its name. It basically was like a tempura deep fried lobster, but the outside wasn't oily at all! It was crispy and had the perfect crunch. Incredible, meaty, juicy langoustineLa Fromage - Cheese plate. If you're a fan of cheese & wine make sure u order this. It was a la carte, but all the cheeses were delish! YES even the blue cheese (my bf has never been a fan of blue cheese, but loved it here)Le Caille - Free range foie gras stuffed quail w/ mashed potatoes. OMG the mashed potatoes here are to die for, sooo buttery. My bf loved the mashed potatoes so much he tried to find a duplicate recipe online and attempted to make it when we got home. He was close, but not quite haha. The stuffed quail was by far the best I've had. Presentation was gorgeous. Definitely try this dishLobster gnocchi - The gnocchi was a bit undercooked and they were nice enough to offer us another dish, but we were running short on time for the Ka Show so instead they comped us a dish :) Customer service at its finest! The sauce and lobster were superb, if only the gnocchi wasn't undercooked :(Kampachi - FRESH and neatly presented. Very light tastingCod - Small portion, but very filling. I felt that the fish was overcooked, but my bf said he liked it. However, it could just have been my fault for comparing it to sea bass which is usually rich & buttery in texture anyway.La Hampe - Hangar steak med rare. After reading some of the reviews we ordered this dish a la carte and it was SOOOOO GOOD. Cooked perfectly med rare, was tender and melted in my mouth. Couldn't have asked for a more beautiful meat dishLa Framboise - ice cream w/ fresh berries dessert. A work of art for sure that I didn't even know where to start digging in. The berries were sweet & fresh, ice cream was rich, creamy, and refreshing.Souffle - Took a while 'cause souffle takes time to rise. Our waiter was kind enough to make sure we got it fast enough so that we could make it on time for our show! It came out rising high and this delicate dessert was delicious.There were more plates, but I can't remember the name of each dish since we ate here a while back in October. However, every dish was an art! I can't wait to come back and try the tasting menu next door. I love that the menu is seasonal and changes, that's the art & beauty of fancy restaurants like Joel Robuchon's.
5	Yup, basically as good as it gets.  Perhaps the best meal of my life thus far, rivaling my meal at Providence in LA and better (in my opinion) than the prix fixe that I had next door for more than twice the price at Joel Robuchon.Service was impeccable, and the food was SO GOOD.  I forgot that foie gras is available here in Vegas, unlike back home in California, so my friend and I got practically every foie gras option we could.  JR next door is prix fixe only and VERY fancy, but this place has a more low-key vibe overall.  You can order from the prix fixe menu, you can order a la carte, or you can mix and match the two.  Our server explained that the a la carte items provide the standout dishes that you can't find on the prix fixe menus, but that the prix fixe menus provide a good (relatively) cost-effective way of trying out some trademark dishes.  There's an open kitchen that's fascinating to watch, and the vibe is way livelier than next door.  My friend and I opted for the Menu B for $105 (their biggest prix fixe menu that's not the entire menu de degustation (which I believe is around $165, with an optional wine pairing for an additional $105)), along with 3 small tasting items, and it ended up being plenty of food for the two of us.  Menu B provides for an amuse bouche, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a dessert.  They were nice enough to provide us with two amuse bouches even though we ordered only one prix fixe.  The amuse bouche was a delicious creamy cup of foie gras topped with a parmesan foam.  For our menu items, we ordered the hamachi, the snapper and the oysters from the small tasting menu, and for our Menu B, we ordered the uni with foie gras, foie gras risotto, beef cheek, and lobster orecchiette. The standout dish BY FAR was the uni with foie gras.  OH MY GOD.  Perhaps the best dish I've ever tried in my life.  All the little flavors came together beautifully.   Otherwise, every other dish was also wonderful and delicious but the uni was definitely the standout star of the meal.  We finished it off with a dessert called le cafe - once again, it had to be savored together with all the flavors on the dish, and it was amazing.  Definitely a more fun vibe than stuffy JR next door with food that is just as good.  Yes, it's pricy, but for one of Joel Robuchon's only 2 restaurants in the US, I'd say it's worth it.
5	Second time around at L'atelier - just as good as the first.The service was top-notch. The food was exciting.Foei gras was definitely worth the extra $10.Coffee Chantilly (dessert) was so pretty that I felt bad eating it.
5	Very well done! This was my first time dining at a Joel Robuchon restaurant and I was not disappointed. Service was impeccable and the food was SO GOOD.  I was extremely excited to order Foie Gras because back home in California Foie Gras is illegal.My friend and I opted for the A La Carte menu instead of doing their Prie Fix menu because we wanted bigger portions of their signature dishes.Our meal started with amuse bouche - a delicious creamy cup of Foie Gras topped with a parmesan foam. Great starter. Full of texture and flavor. For our menu items, we ordered the Jambon Iberico, the Lobster Salad, the Seared Duck Foie Gras, Wagyu beef ribeye, and the Roasted Sea bass. Every single dish was perfect! I would have a hard time choosing other items from the menu if / when I return to L'Atelier because everything we ordered was outstanding. With that said, my favorite dish, BY FAR, was the Foie Gras.  OH MY GOD.  Perhaps the best foie gras dish I ever tried in my life. I ate it so slowly because I never wanted it to end. Haha We finished our meal with a dessert called Le Chocolate - a true chocolate sensation! Everything about this dessert worked for me; Chocolate overload. I think there may have even been Oreo cookie crumbles in it! HahaA La Carte for two totaled to just over $450. Verdict: Very pricey but totally worth it!
5	This place is absolute treat!!!! The food is to die for, duck foie gras you cannot go wrong
5	This place is fantastic. I loved sitting at bar and watching the staff create. The Chef is amazing and very involved. The staff is knowledgable and friendly. Their teamwork and execution is spot on. The food. Oh. My. Heaven.  The seared Foie and the Hamachi...I didn't want it to end and look forward to coming back.
3	We did the tasting menu and everything was A-Ok, but I found most dishes to be a bit over salted and seasoned. Presentation was great, but I didn't think the quality of the food was anything extraordinary or memorable.
2	I recently returned for a sixth visit and was sorely disappointed. The Iberico ham was, as usual, wonderful. Other offerings were much less successful. The smoked eel was somewhat unctuous and certainly nothing special. After having been taken off the menu for some time, the cebette (white onion tart) has made a return, albeit without the familiar asparagus tips, smoked bacon and quail egg "mirror." The new version is adorned with thinly sliced root vegetables that give the dish a decidedly bitter flavor that immediately gave rise to a case of indigestion. A major failure here. The hanger steak was ordered medium rare but arrived medium. It was fair, but sinewy and, of course, overcooked. Perhaps my fault for not sending it back for a medium rare replacement. The shishito pepper accompanying it was more than a touch bitter. In better, past versions, the pepper has had a slightly sweet pungency that perfectly complemented a (perfectly cooked) steak. No such luck this time. The bitter brown seeds inside the pepper indicated that it was past ripe. My server brought me the braised beef cheeks next. Odd since I didn't order them. He said he ordered them for me. As I said, odd. The meat was a grayish and overcooked lump; the red wine reduction an acidic and cloying flavor mask. I ate two bites of this thoroughly unpleasing dish, an uninventive lead weight. The famous Robuchon whipped potatoes that came with the beef cheeks were, as always, rich and delicious, but man--and chef--cannot live by whipped potatoes alone. And certainly not at LDJR's prices. I noticed again that the French chef came out to chat up some diners who were speaking French amongst themselves. I have seen this happen before and can't help wonder why he can't deign to say hello or ask about the dining experiences of any of the non-French-speaking diners at the counter. Overall, a very disappointing meal. So much so that I am taking LDJR out of the rotation after six visits. Chef Robuchon needs to give some attention to his Las Vegas workshop, where many offerings have grown stale in both concept and execution. There are many other great restaurants in Vegas where exciting things are being done. All without the Gallic attitude and astronomical prices.
3	I was so disappointed about L'Atelier... Maybe I'm comparing it to Alinea and it does not even come close (I know Alinea is double the price, but still). The three of us got the Seasonal Tasting menu (10 courses). The Amuse-bouche -- foie gras parfait, was really good. Then from the 2nd course on, it just went downhill for me. The 2nd course was this cold dish -- celery mousse with a beef gelee. I felt like I was eating the congealed fat of a beef stew my mom would make. I was so grossed out that I had to return it and have the chef make me something different, which was better, but not amazing. Next was the sea scallops, which was so bland and tasteless, that I had to ask for salt. (And if you know me, I rarely alter food by adding more salt or sauce) It was only the beginning of my meal, and I was already disappointed. Every course after that was just mediocre. Nothing really stood out... Except maybe the dessert (which I liked), but still don't really remember it. Meh...The only reason I'm giving L'Atelier 3 stars is because of the restaurant layout and the head chef. I liked the open kitchen so you can watch the chefs cook right in front of you (we sat at the bar area). The head chef really took a liking to my friend that was dining with us. He gave us quite a nice portion of seared foie gras (not part of our tasting menu), and that was, of course, really delicious. After our meal, we also got a private tour of the back kitchen and also the adjoining Joel Robuchon kitchen and met their head chef! My experience was good, but the food definitely was not...
2	What a horrible waste of $570 for a two person meal.  I have no problem dropping that much for a special meal, but I expect it to be of higher quality than at least a TGI Friday's or Chili's (which are of course much simpler and have lower cost ingredients, but on net and in all seriousness I sadly would have enjoyed more).The fish for both of us was so overcooked (_well_ beyond well done) I was shocked. We showed ours to the waiter and he was embarrassed/agreed and offered to have the chef try again -- though we had to go to a show after so couldn't wait for them to redo them. Most of the other ~7 or so dishes on the tasting menu were either extremely bland or had mismatching ingredients that clashed instead of complemented each other--the kind of rookie chef mistakes you expect from a $20-30 entree place.  My wife and I both didn't even finish dessert, and I for one am typically a huge dessert fan. This was literally the worst value for the money (and one of my bottom 10 regardless of price) restaurant meals of all time. Joel Robuchon should be ashamed.  I want my money, and my three hours, back.
5	What a fabulous meal and experience!Me and my wife each had the tasting menu and then added a few more tasting plates to boot.  Every one of the Foie Gras dishes were perfect.  From creamy parfait, perfectly seared foie, to the beautiful broth of the ravioli, each dish was treat for your taste buds.  And the stuffed quail, yummy! The kampachi is so fresh and refreshing.  The oysters sweet and briny.  Sweetbreads, heavenly...  Scallop and Uni together, yes, please!  Sweet and tender lobster and langoustine, say no more!Not going to list every dish, but each and every one of the plates from amuse-bouche to dessert was both a visual and tasting sensation.And the cocktails we got were great too, in fact my wife commented to the waiter that it's one of the best bloody mary she ever had...One of the best meals we had for sure.  Yes it's not cheap at around $700 or so for two (frankly was expecting it to be more), but worth every penny.And what could top that off?  Meeting and chatting with and getting a couple of photos from Chef Robuchon himself!  SCORE!!!
3	I'm very happy that we went and had this experience.  It's absolutely a box checked on the Vegas bucket list, but it's nothing we will ever do again.Absolutely defined by the use of foie gras - which is a good thing if you enjoy animal torture, and a bad thing if you don't.  It's in numerous dishes, and without it, the restaurant isn't any better than other more creative spots at MGM.Certainly try the Cap of Beef Ribeye, and give the sommelier a try (the best I've encountered in Vegas).  Stay away from the Iberico ham (this was almost insulting), and tartar, which was poorly prepared and displayed.We're not too disappointed, as this place is more of a spectacle than a restaurant.  I would have expected a bit more, but I'm okay with my mediocre once-in-a-lifetime experience.  Just know that you're not going for the food, you're going because it's Robuchon, and enjoy!
5	Delicious, exquisitely prepared food.
2	We came here for my husband's 35th birthday and both got the tasting menu.  Long story short and $500+ later, we were not impressed but rather disappointed. Hostess: Reservation was made a few weeks in advance on OpenTable with a very specific request to be seated at the best table available for a birthday celebration.  Upon our arrival,  her first question to us was "where would you like to be seated?". I looked at her with a blank stare.  She then proceeded to look at the computer screen and finally took notice of the request I made via OpenTable. Instead of recommending a best table, she repeated her question and wished my husband a happy birthday.... You see why I was frustrated here? Service:  Decent except towards the end where our server disappeared for a good half hour and we were serviced by several other individuals. Before his disappearance,  our server was very attentive and explained each course thoroughly.Wine: Reasonably priced but not good enough of a selection. If you are picky with your wine, do not expect to be wowed.Bread basket: Fresh, warm and toasted, not to mention very tasty.  We were pleasantly surprised. Food: One word "average".  Amuse bouche had the right idea with the intention to create different textures in one bite.  However, it was overpowered by olive oil and we were not able to taste the fresh tomatoe paste and avocado cream at all.  Scallops were very thinly sliced, briny instead of sweet and almost flavorless. Foie gras soup with black beans tasted like a black bean soup.  Quail stuffed with foie gras was supposedly the highlight of the tasting, however,  portion was tiny. Despite all the great reviews online, L'atelier - you have disappointed me and I will not be returning in the future.
2	My Photos I just posted shows what shouldn't be done at ANY RESTAURANT ANYWHERE and there is no excuse for this to happen all night long at a Michelin Star Restaurant.  All night long the cook kept the cleaning towel under his armpit and was wiping the armpit rag all over everything the night I was here. I am FLABBERGASTED that the management or co-workers didn't notice these actions.I am heart broken. I've dined at many fine restaurants and this was my favorite restaurant maybe in the whole country as I've been here several times.No matter how Extraordinary the food was  (and it was) I have to knock out stars for that kitchen 101 mistake as that is unacceptable and can't go unnoticed.And that my friends is the Forking Truth.
5	The service and the food was delicious.  The mini burgers and waygu beef was very delicious. The desserts were the best part. The chocolate dessert was amazing.
4	Their dishes are amazing. Really wanted to try the other side, Joel Robuchon, but they were booked for the entire day. Therefore, I resolved into going to L'Atelier Joel Robuchon. Definitely will try Joel Robuchon next time I come back to vegas. I made a reservation on Thursday at 5:45pm through OpenTable and it was a 1000-point reservation which is a plus. 1000-point reservations are only available at that time though. Their portions are very small so it is good to get the tasting menu or the pre fix meals. If i had more time, I would go with the tasting menu. However, this time I got their pre fix meal A. Pre Fix Meal A comes with: 1) amuse bouche, 2) 2 appetizers, 3)1 entree, 4) dessert. around $75-80Pre Fix Meal B comes with: 1) amuse bouche, 2) 2 appetizers, 3) 2 entrees, 4) dessert. about $105Pre Theatre Pre Fix comes with: 1)amuse bouche, 2) 1 appetizer, 3) meat of the day. $45The amuse bouche is a small appetizer. When we went, it was a foie gras dish in a small little cup. It had milk and some various ingredients. I couldn't really tell what it was but it was delicious. For the appetizer, entree, and dessert, you get to choose from a list of items. The appetizers have cold or hot options. I got the snapper carpaccio under the cold items and some foie gras soup from the hot items. The carpaccio was amazing and the foie gras soup was pretty unique. Never had foie gras like that but the flavor was very tasty. For my entree, I ordered the cod. It is a great dish but it is very small. Thank goodness they give everyone a side of mashed potatoes for these pre fix meals or else I wouldn't have been full. In my opinion, each dish was served with too much time in between. There was a lot of waiting. I know these meals are supposed to be like this but this restaurant took a little longer than usual. Lastly, I got the caiperhinia dessert. There is a lot of alcohol taste to this. Our table also had the gelato dessert that was included in another person's pre fix menu. The gelato comes with 3 flavors if I remember correctly. The green was was really good in my opinion. It had a hint of basil flavor. We also ordered a souffle that wasn't part of the pre fix menus. The souffle also had ALOT of alcohol taste to it. It was unique though. My friend got the $45 Pre Theatre and that day, the meat of the day was a new york steak. The meat was SO delicious, it melted in your mouth. In addition to these pre fix items, we ordered the foie gras stuffed quail because I saw on their website that it was one of their most popular items. There is an appetizer portion and an entree portion. We got the entree portion to share and it was about $45. Super small portions... definitely not an entree portion.. but it was good though. The amount of food was just perfect. I wasn't too full or leaving hungry. I would definitely try the 16 course meal and try to get reservations at the regular joel robuchon next time though. The service here was a bit slow. I had to ask a couple times to have my water refilled and I had my plates taken when I wasn't finished eating yet.
5	One word- beautiful. Such a great dinner. My boyfriend and I prefer to order several small dishes so that we can share and try lots of tastes. Everything seems to have been thought out. We walk in and my chef bf wants to sit at the counter/bar area because the kitchen is open. We sit and the hostess hangs my purse on a handy hook below the bar top. Our waiter crafts our dinner around what we like and asks about our favorite flavors. Based on our answers, he helped us choose our menu. Every dish was gorgeous especially the uni, carbonara, and snapper sashimi. This place is much more than a dinner, it's an experience. Pricy but go for a special occasion.
5	Expensive, but worth every cent. Get the tasting menu, you won't regret it. Also, belly up to the bar and interact with the staff...they are knowledgeable, friendly and seem to actually like their jobs. Also, sitting at the bar you get to see all the action. It is so impressive to watch the kitchen in action - it is like a an orchestra for food. And the food....I don't even have enough of a vocabulary to describe it. Just. Eat. Here.
4	I am a very picky eater and when I looked at the menu for this restaurant I did not think I would eat there. I ended up ordering two items off the small plates menu...lobster bisque and a hanger steak. Everything was phenomenal. The lobster was sweet and melt in your mouth fresh, the steak was marinated in delicious sauce and the mashed potatoes were indescribable! I would recommend this restaurant.One disappointment...we made a reservation about one month in advance but were still seated at the bat as opposed to a table. Otherwise, terrific!
5	Incrediible, one of the best meals of my life!Every dish was spectacular - the fish appetizer and the foie gras especially. The food, the service, the atmosphere - everything about the whole dining experience was perfect.Expensive, but worth every penny. I went to several other Vegas restaurants in a similar price range, and this is by far the best. It was actually less expensive than I expected - about $150 a person.I've also eaten at l'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Paris, and I thought this one was as good or better! I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas, and will get the tasting menu next time.
5	What an amazing first experience!!! I absolutely loved the tasting menu. You can never go wrong with that. Although it can be pricey, it gives a good assortment of what the menu has to offer.  It was a nine course tasting menu consisting of seven savory courses and two desserts. We also got lucky and had a third dessert tray from the Joel Robuchon side thanks to recognizing one of the servers.  Overall, the service was one of the best I've had. We sat at the bar which is really the way to go because you really experience all of the intricate details that goes into the preparation of the food. We were able to talk to Chef Steve Benjamin and he even ended up giving us a private tour of the Joel Robuchon side which was incredibly beautiful and didn't feel like you were in a casino anymore.  The personal touches that each and every part of the staff have makes you feel incredibly comfortable and makes you want to come back. Now on to the food. Where to start. I don't know if I can name all of the courses but I have to say that each were amazing!!! The people I were with RAVE about the mashed potatoes. It's a little rich for my taste but you'll def have to try it. I really enjoyed the foie gras custard and black bean soup. The calamari with sushi rice was super good with the cilantro sauce. The John Dory and cous cous was superb! I have nothing but good things to say about l'Atelier. I can keep going but then this would turn into a book. Definitely a must try! It's been on my list to visit since they opened and I finally made it happen.  I don't understand how anyone could leave a bad review. It was one of the best experiences that I've had and I'm a foodie so I've had plenty.  Trust me on this :)
5	If you're a true foodie, this Michelin star restaurant is a must eat.  The quail is the signature item here and it's probably the best entree I've had my entire life.... and I would never order think to order quail.    The ambiance is nothing to write home about.  It's all about the food!
5	At 6pm we were greeted and walked in by a nice hostess, who sat us at I would say the best seats at the restaurant (seats 1 & 2, left side of the bar). We had a great view of the entire kitchen and restaurant, and were able to see the cooks hard at work. Our server Elias gave us nothing but excellent customer service, he was very nice. The restaurant had a relax feel, was very clean and overall well organized. Food and dessert was great! Can't remember none of the plates names but the little hamburger was delicious, as well as the lobster salad and the hamachi fish (all off which I have provided pictures of). If you are looking for a different restaurant experience and great food this is the place to be. Great place to bring your loved ones!
5	Oh my gosh.  Perfect in every way.  I travel all over the world and go to a lot of nice dinners.  This was one for the record books.
5	i have never been disappointed ever coming here. i found my experience at l'atelier was way more enjoyable than the main robuchon restaurant next door.Must haves for me are the beef tartare, and chartreuse souffle!they also have the yummiest bread basket in all of vegas
5	This reveiw is from Christmas 2012. I came here with daughter, son in law. We had reservations at Gordon Ramsey steak, Le Cirque, Cut, Picasso,  la l'atelier de Joel Robouchon, and Carnevino  and this was one of my favorites. We tried the tasting menu and too much time has passed to remember the food but I do know it was delicious. I really don't like facing the kitchen though because I did see chef cough into his hand and continue cooking. I would rather not know about that!  Our server was great and brought us a little bowl of mashed potatoes that weren't on our menu so we could try the famous Robouchon potatoes. ( yummy but needed salt!)I would definitely go back here.
5	This was hands down one of the meals I have ever had, and one of the most expensive.  : )  Wow, wow, wow.  Starting with the steamed-foie gras-and-port amuse bouche, my tastebuds were in writhing delight. I also had an incredible lobster bisque, (God knows how sea food is so fresh in Vegas), plenty of French bread, a caramelized quail with foie gras including some lovely wine and beer...topped off  with the finest selection of Tartes for dessert and some delectable decaf coffee.... My soul is recharged and replenished..  : )  I have now decided that seeking out Michelin Starred restaurants is a wonderful new passion of mine.. If you are a foodie, this place is for you.  It reminds me of the world-class French food I enjoyed with my ex while we in France together last summer.The service is top notch. Excellent sommelier who recommended to me other places in Vegas a well. The servers were very attentive...Making sure that the pacing of my meal was just right.Now, granted, I have quite a penchant for nice ambiance, and in my perfect world the aesthetic of this restaurant would include more natural light.  (It is completely dark.....underground next to the casino of MGM grand.)  The decor is a little cheesy --- lots of reds and whites...a bit garish for my taste...But really, with food this good, I can deal...Highly recommend...xo
4	In Vegas over my birthday, was looking for a special, signature experience, l'Atelier seemed like just the place. It was tough to get a reservation at this 1 Michelin star restaurant, but my M Life connection got us through. I think it's intended to be a 'workshop' of sorts, where the chefs can experiment. With the Michelin star come high expectations (and expensive price tag).  Not sure that the experimentation came through; we tried 5 small plates (la langoustine, la ventrenche, les champignons, l'oeuf de poule, la caille):  all were very good or excellent. We each had a glass of very good red wine (pinot noir and malbec) as well as liquid dessert (in the form of Tokaji). As difficult as it was to get a reservation, the place was half full. Spent $250, really don't feel like we got value for money. Maybe we were jet lagged, or maybe it's just that expectations outpaced reality.
5	If you are looking for an amazing French dining experience, definitely stop by L`Atelier de Joel Robuchon.  Every dish was cooked to perfection and presented beautifully!  I recommend the sauteed calimari as an appetizer,  or the cheese spread (amazing )! The pasta with lobster was delicious and cooked perfectly.  For dessert,  the traditional torte spread was decadent and delicious! Can't wait to go back!
5	The seasonal tasting menu is not that worth to order, next time we will try the other set menu for more optional choice.The pre-theater menu is very worth it, you can get 2 appetizer and 1 meat, not bad if you want to have a try.The service is friendly, you can still feel relax and enjoy the fine dining experience.
4	Be sure to make reservations in advance!  And don't confuse it with the Joel Robushon restaurant next door either.  The prices differ drastically!  4.5 stars. Why the missing half star?  I'll get to that later. Bread basket was yummy.  I had to seriously control myself from getting full off the delicious croissants. Seasonal tasting menu = amazing.  Be prepared for a 2+ hour dinner.  Fairly small plates but you will be FULL after finishing all 11 courses.  Highlights: foie gras parfait,  hamachi, foie gras, and quail.  Loved the order in which each dish was served.  These courses will make you foie gras-LOVER.Uni Pasta - The pasta was cooked perfectly.  Chewy in the middle.  Uni was fresh.  Only downside was the sauce.  It was extremely salty which came as a bit if a shock, but I'm sure it was a mistake?  Everything else was seasoned perfectly is why this threw me off. Half star off for that. Decor is beautiful.  It's a fairly small restaurant with a glossy black/red interior with an open kitchen.  Parties of one or two will most likely be seated on the counter - which I love!  You get a front row seat view of beautiful culinary creations being made.
5	Chef Steve is the best chef ever!!!! He adjusted the seasonal menu to fit each persons taste buds. The atmosphere is amazing. By far the restaurent.
2	This restaurant has jumped the shark. While you can still see attentiveness of the restaurant staff and chef, using every form of tweezer to properly place every little ingredient, the place is missing those things that earned a Michelin star: (1) The food was bland. Elegant but under seasoned and generally not that tasty; (2) the touches of fine French dining are gone. Butter was a rock of ice,  no intermezzo, etc. They just got lazy; (3) Service is mediocre at best. You can't make up for the lack of proper French service just by being friendly, which they are in spades. Nice people, decent space, good food. Nothing to write home about and NOTHING like other Michelin star restaurants at which have eaten.
4	Finally got to eat at a Joel Robuchon restaurant. I've been waiting for this for a year, and I'm glad to say that I was not disappointed :)We decided to order a couple of small plates to share so we could sample more food. Since we were fans of foie gras (and you can't get that in California, not legally anyway), many of the dishes we selected contained foie. Amuse bouche - foie gras parfait - Definitely the bomb! I'd even pay to order and have more of this!Hamachi - I felt that there was too much olive oil and it overpowered the rest of the ingredients as well as the freshness of the fish. King crab - Didn't like that the radish taste overpowered the sweetness of the king crab. The radish provided a nice crunch, but there was too much. We ended up cuting up the radish to half portion and eating it with the crab, which was much better.Poached chilled Foie gras - Yum!! Definitely must try.Seared foie gras - Honestly it was a little different for me since I enjoy the seared taste of the foie gras alot. However, this dish came in an asian tasting broth which dampened the taste quite a bit. It was good, but I didnt enjoy it as much.Quail with stuffed foie gras - Beautifully cooked. Tender quail meat, goes very well with the foie. Yummy.Spaghetti with uni, caviar and poached egg - The portion for this is rather big so I'm glad we split it between the two of us. The spaghetti is cooked al dente, but I personally would have preferred it to be cooked through since I like my noodles soft. The sauce was extremely good and delightfully rich. This dish just had everything right.The experience dining here was really fun since we had a counter seat and we could watch the chefs working the line cook our food, observing how the kitchen works, and how the executive chef upholds his food standards.Definitely want to come back here again for more of the awesome foie gras and uni + caviar pasta goodness.
5	Typically when I head to a fancy french place in vegas, I have to throw on my one of my nearly-never-used fancy outfits just to sit down. L'Atelier has the same fantastic food, without the snooty "up-scale dining" crap. And the prices are very reasonable.Because we are foie gras deprived in California, we ordered all 4 foie items on the menu. The unanimous favorite at the table was Le Burger, an incredibly juicy beef slider toped with foie gras and caramelized peppers.If this place was in my neighborhood, I would certainly frequent it!
5	Just redic my friends. Just redic. The service is absolutely stellar and very helpful in helping you decide what you'll enjoy based on your appetite, craving and personal taste. The food? What can I possibly say that others on here haven't already said? It's f*cking amazing! Absolutely incredible culinary creations. Don't skip the foie gras, especially if you're going back home to less-than-foie-friendly California, OMGOMGOMG, so savory, so decadent.Their desserts, don't leave the MGM without trying at least 2 of em, wow, just wow.Whatever it takes, save your pennies, stay away from those darn penny slots and get your butt in here for dinner, especially if you're lucky enough to have someone special in your life to bring with you! =D
5	Outstanding, my wife and I went here and had their seasonal chef's menu with wine pairing, everything was incredible, service was spot on, to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen in action was very entertaining and instructional.  The sommelier did an excellent job pairing the wines with the 9 courses of food.  Oh and if you have never had Joel Robuchon's mashed potatoes, please add that to your bucket list, oh my word were those exquisite!!!  Every course was plated beautifully and with finesse.  I highly recommend trying this place if your pocketbook is healthy, dinner was definitely pricey for two of us, but worth every penny.
5	The lobster salad is TO DIE FOR!! You should expect to pay a pretty penny because this place is very very expensive but for lovers of french food, this is probably as good as it gets.  The prices are a bit too steep for my liking but regardless, this is classic french cuisine at it best so it still receives 5 stars from me.
5	My sister and I love this place.  The foie gras and the mashed potatoes were to die for.  It was worth every penny we spent there.
5	Scroll down and read the hype. It's all true. The tasting menu wasn't the most delicious meal I've ever eaten, even challenging now and again, but easily among the most fun, creative and exciting.One unexpected pleasure was the social atmosphere at the bar. We came to meet both families seated to either side of us, both of which were long-time fans of l'Atelier and had been back several times, even the couple from Paris, who shared a photo of themselves meeting Robuchon during one of their prior visits. We had just arrived in Vegas, and one of the servers wrote us a list of restaurant and bar recommendations. Ebullient from start to finish.
5	An incredible Culinary experience. Everything about this place was great. from the cheese to the French Butter and bread and one of the best Rib-Eyes I've ever had! I felt as if I was in Paris enjoying all the rich and decadent flavors.
5	Having been to Joel Robuchon (next door) multiple times, I was excited to try L'Atelier.  I have flown to Vegas to eat at the fine dining restaurant - certainly the sister restaurant, while not as fancy, would be great, right?  They share the kitchen for many things...I have to say the dinner exceeded my expectations.  Exceeded.The way I look at the gastronomic world, five stars is either "The best _____ you can get" or "Unique dishes and combinations, executed wonderfully'.This is the second version.  Veal, Duck, Asparagas, Foie Gras, Truffles, Fish of several kinds, Mushrooms, more.  All delectable, unique and perfectly done.  Eating this food, you understand why they like to capitalize the names (they don't serve duck, they serve Duck).The portions and the pace were great, and we have a thoroughly enjoyable evening.  The food was incredible.My final recommendation - there have several menus of varying numbers of courses.  Get more!  While we didn't try the tasting menu (the party didn't want to as a whole), we picked the most number of courses outside of it because you want to, should and must try as many different dishes when you go to a restaurant of this caliber.Sharing tastes from your companion's plates also highly encouraged.Love this place.
5	Awesome dinner experience. We were served by executive chef, Steve Benjamin. The special appetizer caviar on sea urchin wrapped by yellowtail was mouth gasm
5	Wow! what can i say, but only that this place is incredible delicious the food is gastronomically wonderful hits every note!  the service is top notch the location itself being in the MGM grand is very nice! the decor modern, but refined! the best part the chef bar, where you can actually see the entire action taken place, not only do you get an impressive meal but you can enjoy the show seeing all the chefs working in their craft and creating an elaborated meal that will always be memorable!!definitely a place to visit and dine!  a memorable experience as i should say!
5	Not much else to say other than AMAZING food & service. I've been to the fancier and more expensive next door neighbor, Joel Robuchon and wasn't quite sure what to expect at L'Atelier but it was almost as nice of an experience - especially service wise. One thing that struck a chord w me was that even though they made a slight mistake with one of my dishes (left an item on that I am allergic to), they immediately corrected it and also took it off the check - which wasn't at all necessary since they replaced it right away.  I also appreciated that the waiter didn't blame the kitchen or anyone else.As for the food itself, everything was extremely flavorful and cooked to perfection. My 3 dinner partners all agreed and said it was a fabulous meal. I liked that they offered a prix-fixe and an a la carte option AND most importantly that the whole table didn't have to order the same option. This can be an issue at many restaurants and I appreciated the flexibility.   I have to say I loved this place. I think if you only have one restaurant in Vegas to hit and don't have time or $ for the full experience next door at JR, this place is an excellent choice for an amazing dinner.
4	Our first course was called L'AMUSE BOUCHE and consisted of a foie gras parfait with port wine reduction and a Parmesan foam. Very creamy and delicate.Le Hamachi was my absolute favorite dish of the night. It consists of yellowtail served as a ravioli with uni (sea urchin) in lemon vinaigrette. Each ravioli was topped with tiny bits of caviar. The flavors complemented each other quite nicely.
3	Let me preface by saying that I know I will catch a lot of criticism for going against the grain here because from what I've seen on Yelp, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is universally adored. So why three stars? Two things, the service was abysmal and the menu was underwhelming for what you pay for. Service (Grade: F)Our dinner at L'Atelier was a testament to the importance of good, prompt service and conversely how poor service can destroy a generally well-executed meal in terms of cooking. They started out well by being very attentive but this was easy enough as we were the absolute first and only party for dinner. However, service got progressively worse as they siphoned off the wait staff to attend to later arriving parties. At a restaurant with the reputation that comes along with being associated with Joel Robuchon, I found it unacceptable that we had to wait hours and hours for our mains, dessert, etc. The coup de grace was that they had to be reminded that our dinner was to celebrate a birthday even though this was expressed in the reservation and had been told to two separate waiters. You just can't forget about a birthday dinner party, especially when the restaurant was not particularly swamped that night, just so you can favor other parties. That kind of chosen neglect was inexplicably rude.Food (Grade: B)L'Atelier's prix fixe menus are renowned because they give you several options. Some come with supplemental charges of $10 or more but those are generally the options that are better. The amuse bouche of foie gras parfait with a port wine reduction and a Parmesan foam was hit or miss. Half of us liked it the other half didn't finish the tiny shot. The Les Pates (supp. charge): lobster chunks over orecchiette was probably one of the better mains. On the other hand, the supplemental charge on the Le Veau (veal ravioli) was not worth it as the dish was bland. The La Dorade: snapper carpaccio with lemon glaze was probably the best of the appetizers. However, the La Tomate (chilled tomato gazpacho with burratta) was too salty and felt like drinking marinara sauce straight.If you're opting for the pre-theater prix fixe menu, the roast of the day (8/9/14) was the free range chicken and it was just okay. The desserts were of course beautiful to look at but were not especially noteworthy in terms of flavor. Overall, I was expecting something on par with a restaurant like Providence which also has comparably priced prix fixe menus. However, L'Atelier was underwhelming throughout. There are some good dishes but many were weighed down by bad service. Even without considering the service, the food itself did not meet the high expectations and I don't think that was for lack of choosing the "right" dishes. We asked our waiter for suggestions and with four in our party we were able to try a broad swath of dishes. Nevertheless, I wouldn't be able to in good faith give a good review because like one in our party said: "you don't pay a lot to get ignored."
4	A top place to fulfill your decadent desire for Foie gras. All the dishes are made with extreme care. The stand-out dish was definitely the foie stuffed quail. Not enough foie for you? Get "le burger" as an appetizer. Probably the most decadent burger I've ever had. The fries that came with it were flawless. The beef ribeye with roasted shallots was savory and soft although there are definitely better options on the vegas strip for steak. Not the best meal I have had, but a special experience nonetheless. Being that this is French dining, portions are expectedly small so order extra. Sit at the chef bar to watch the chefs prepare your food!
5	Foie gras in burgers, aaahhhh soooo yummy! French serving at its finest! A must try!
5	The only thing that sucks here is that they don't have a bar you can grab a aperitif at while waiting for your date.5 stars. Tasting menu. Awesome.
3	This is my second Robuchon establishment I've dined in. The first being the one in the Eiffel Tower. I loved the sushi bar layout and as the past reviewers were so detailed about their spectacular meals, I really don't think I can paint a better picture. I took off a star as i bit into grit for my scallop tartare... And when i complained they brought me back my plate saying it could be the fleur de sol... Really? I almost broke a filling biting into what I thought would be a nice delicate piece of scallop and I crunched into a huge piece of salt. yes perhaps a crystal of salt made it's way into my mouth but then why would you put something in that could crack a tooth? I wasn't impressed with the fact that they put a salt crystal in the dish that wasn't inspected by the guy seasoning it with tweezers.. Also really upset they tried to give me the plate back... REALLY?! I'm paying $200 for dinner and your going to give me my plate back?! Yes all the food was a piece of art, and this was the only major setback.... But what really ruined my dining experience was the chef that was running the whole show.... The guy that inspects every dish before being served.. You know, the guy probably with a Michelin star of his own down his belt? Yeah, well he was on his cell phone the entire freaking time.... And I'm sitting there watching him chat away while you know, I lose a filling and eat a 6 course tasting menu. Mr. Robuchon... I was disappointed... Not by your creations but by your minions...
4	So we decided go go here since I didn't want to dish out $500 a head to eat next door at his main restaurant.  The ambiance in this joint is hip and playful.  We sat on the counter so we could watch the chefs do their thing.  That was definitely cool.  The color scheme of the restaurant (black and red) enhance the cool vibe here.We both did the seasonal tasting menu for $169/head.  For the amount of food we got it was a decent price point.These are the dishes that we had:LA SAINT-JACQUES - Scallop carpaccio with lemon vinaigrette - The raw scallops were super fresh.  The lemon vinaigrette was tart and offered a nice contrast of flavors against the more subtle scallops.  5 Stars!LE PIQUILLO - Piquillo pepper with smoked eggplant and tuna belly confit - This did not stand out.  The flavor didn't meld together.  It didn't impress.  3 Stars.LA LANGOUSTINE - Langoustine a la plancha with green curry and cilantro - This was a memorable dish.  The langoustine was cooked magnificently.  It was moist with a little char to offer a different texture.  The green curry worked well with the dish here.  4.5 Stars.LE FOIE GRAS - Foie gras herb tortellini served in a bouillon giner and white soy sauce - FOIE GRAS SOUP!  Do I even need to describe this?  It's Foie Gras ina  soup!  Enough said, 5 Stars!LE SAINT PIERRE - John Dory seared in lemongrass virgin olive oil with tomato - The fish was cooked well.  It was a little too light for me and I would have appreciated bigger and bolder flavors.  But, as a dish to prepare you for the more savory steak that was following, it did it's job.  This was a nice dish.  4 Stars.LA CAILLE - Caramelized free range quail stuffed with foie gras served with mashed potato - The quail was cooked perfectly.  It was moist.  However the foie gras was missing in this dish.  I could hardly taste it.  3 Stars.LA HAMPE - French style hanger steak with roasted shallot and shishito pepper - The steak was tender and full of flavor.  It was not as hearty as the traditional American Steak.  But the flavor was on point and was a good way to end the savory portions of our meal. 4 StarsLA FRAISE - Light lime ganache with strawberry and tomato sorbet - This dessert was beautiful to look at.  The taste was nice and was a subtle way to transition from savory to sweet.  It wasn't overly sweet so it worked well.  4 Stars.LE CERISE - Cherry-Chocolate peanut sable on an Amarena ice cream - Awesome ending.  The flavors were great.  This dessert was bold and sweet.  It left a lasting flavor in my mouth even after we left.  This is how you do it!  5 Stars.Overall a very nice restaurant and a definite must try.  We will probably go again.
5	We loved it. We did the seasonal tasting menu and every course was perfect. The wine pairings were also delicious.
5	To be honest, I didn't think much of this restaurant from the decor.But when we started to eat, I realized that this place was a true gem of Vegas.You MUST get the uni pasta with caviar. Period.It wasn't "e" by Jose Andres but this will do. (Plus it's a heck of a lot cheaper.)
3	Came here with a party of six. I have been to JR in the past and we wanted something less formal and couldn't spend too much time for dinner as we had plans. The food at L'Atelier was good, but the service was horrible. It's actually comical that they are tied to a three Michelin star restaurant. The food was fine and we had about 13 items from the menu plus drinks. The highlight was probably the duck and the calamari gnocchi from the tasting b menu. The service was horrible. Out waiter never came back to the table after we were served our food and we went without water for a while. As I was getting the check, I literally raised my hand for about 3 minutes to try and get some service. No one bothered to pour us water after the first cup. One member of our party thought that we changed waiters since we didn't see anyone for the entire meal. When the bill came, I requested the the gratuity be reduced to about 15% because service was non existent. The hilarious thing is that the waiter got the sommelier to PRETEND that he was the manager. I called the guy out on it and and then he got the real manager, Sebastian , to come out. Needless to say, I was very upset and I told Sebastian that it was disgraceful that this restaurant shares a name with JR.  It's a shame, but this place is just trying to**update** Sebastian called me and we chatted about the incident. At least they have the courtesy of returning calls so three stars instead if two.
1	Are you kidding me... $167 for two teensy plates of food and half a bottle of wine? I'm carb-free but I ate ALL the bread, just hoping to eek out my money's worth... Nope, still ended up getting a burger at Wolfgang Puck later. What a waste!The service was fine, but I had made a reservation and was given a 5:45pm. No problem, I figured, if that's all they have because they're going to be jam-packed all evening. Except when we arrived, the place was completely empty! Then instead of a table, they offered us seats at the BAR. What the hell did I make a reservation two days in advance and get dressed up to the nines for?I felt terrible because my fiance specifically said he wanted to get a "nice Vegas dinner," and I took him here based on all the hype. Luckily he enjoyed his hangar steak and didn't complain about the prices, but that doesn't stop me from feeling like he got ripped off.I got the quail... my two bites of fancy bird meat were difficult to get off the bone and tasted undercooked. Screw JR.
5	Let me start by saying this is a beautiful designed restaurant that is set up as an Open Kitchen/Sushi Bar. From your first glimpse of the red & black themed eatery you get a sense of something very different from everything you have grown accustomed to before. Secondly you notice that the service is very good they make you feel welcome & are on top of it all. The kitchen though being open is amazingly quiet you don't hear any of the usual noise that comes from an open kitchen.  The food is literally amazing edible art on a plate. Executive Chef Steve Benjamin is a character & very personable he is fun to watch as he orchestrates his staff in the kitchen. They have some of the best food I have had in the states without the fine dining stuffiness or dress code. Highly recommended if you have the opportunity you mush eat there.  We eat there every time we are in Vegas around a dozen times in a year.
5	Wife and I visited last Monday when Vegas was being pounded all day by rain out there early (5:15 pm) and sat at the bar and ordered tapa style.Man, it was amazing.  The bread and butter is one of the best combo's I ever had.  We mainly made this road trip for the Foie Gras (duck liver) which is illegal in Cali. And if this is your taste you need to go here.  My wife and I shared about 6 small plates together, all were fantastic. Pricey but a perfect special occasion deal.  We sat at the bar, no problemo.  It got crazier as the night progressed.  Left by 7 pm.
5	Let me set the stage. My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful evening celebrating my birthday. We sat at the counter so that we can see all the behind the scene action.  They are the best seats in the restaurant. The unexpected family affair:  The chef's wife and daughter were enjoying their meals in the corner. It was really heartwarming when the staff and chef brought out a birthday cake for her and harmonized "Happy Birthday".The wine:We thoroughly enjoyed the tasting menu with wine pairings.  Our server Eric was attentive and generous with the pour.  The sommelier was knowledgable and engaged us in education on his reasoning behind choices/pairings. His selections included wines from France, Napa and a crisp German Riesling. Eric gave us a copy of our menu and wine pairings because he anticipated the wine binge we would have when we got home.Now, for the food..epic! All our senses were heightened. Each course was markedly better than the prior, if possible. Our favorites were the scallop carpaccio, the sweetest langoustine you will want to savor, le piquillo (stuffed piquillo pepper with smoked eggplant), and the quail stuffed with foie gras with the signature mashed potatoes.  I could have eaten a plate of the mashed potatoes alone. The only course that marred our perfect meal was our fish course.  We weren't fans of the turbot. It lacked seasoning and wasn't particularly memorable. Sitting at the counter allowed us to make new foodie friends who told us about their dining spots in Napa, San Francisco, and NYC. At the influence of one our dinning neighbors we ordered the jambon to add to our dining menu. The spices of the jambon were complimented by the tomato toast.  We were so stuffed but we were still able to admire the work of art they called our dessert courses.  It was a memorable evening and one of my dining favorites.
5	Like everyone I had high expectations but I have to say it clearly met and exceeded my expectations. The food is well prepared and has a unique twist. The wine selection is truly amazing (we had a white burgundy which was the single best white wine I ever had). We went on a thursday late and the service was very good. Some of the people may not understand the way Joel Robuchon prepares the menu and that is his kind of Bistro sister property to the more formal restaurant. If you like innovative french food, prepared fresh and with unique twist and understand the portion and prices - you will have a great experience.
5	As good as it gets. Every restauranteur should eat here to learn how to do their job better. The mashed potatoes were the best I've ever had. I think that's what haven might be made of.  Everything was spot on.  Can't wait to go back.
4	It was a last minute decision for dinner here at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. My boyfriend wanted to treat me out to a nice dinner but we also wanted to save some money. The Joel Robuchon restaurant next door is really expensive, so this was a great alternative! The decor of the restaurant was beautiful- very clean and modern. I love the combination of red and black, so the colors of the restaurant was nice. We chose to sit at the bar so we can see all the kitchen action. It was like being in Hell's Kitchen without Gordon Ramsay screaming and yelling at the chefs. We both chose Menu A for $78/person. You get to choose 2 appetizers, 1 entree, and 1 dessert per person. This is a prix fixe menu and selections vary by season, so my review of the dishes are probably no longer served here.Amuse-Bouche: comes with every prix fixe; a tiny foam dish that cleans your palate.Complimentary bread and butter- freshly made! Yummy croissants!Appetizers: I had the raw white fish carpaccio in sesame oil and greens which was refreshing. I also had the asparagus foam soup which was strange to me. My BF had the duck pot stickers and gnocchi. Everything was beautifully plated and looked perfect!Entrees: I had the pork belly with seasoned cabbage; it was so good! My BF had the duck breast which was so tender; you wouldn't even believe it was from a duck! Complimentary pommes puree (mashed potatoes).Dessert: I had a gorgeous plate of coffee ice cream, truffle, chocolate cookies, and chocolate. My BF had a passion fruit panna cotta.The chefs really know how to make the dishes look like art. It was definitely a great experience! The waiter was really professional and the food was exquisite! I knocked off 1 star because it literally took half an hour for each dish to come out! I think I sat for a total of two hours.
4	I am no longer fanatic about foie gras. Ever since my acquisition of the French house, I find foie gras consumption to be just not as nearly exotic as before, not even after California lost its license to serve such things. Maybe it's because familiarity breathes content, just like a marriage. L'Atellier de Joel Robuchon pays homage to Robuchon's homeland by inserting foie gras in just about everything. It started with an amuse bouche that is a palate cleanser but with foie gras on the the bottom. A bit heavy but okay, it's what's known for here. Foie Gras stuffed quail was what interested me, it was also unusual because quail is not something you get elsewhere much. On the prix fix menu, salmon was good and so was the pork belly.It's a Michelin star restaurant. The price tag was jaw-droppingly expensive. Even then reservation was difficult to come by. We grabbed the last seating at 10:30 and the restaurant closed at 11.Food aside, the server was interesting. He looked quite a lot like a grad student majored in biochemistry, and he had that indescribable accent that you often hear from Ibiza's nightclubs: you wonder if he's some German DJ trying to rid of his German accent to sound like an American, or an American DJ trying to speak with a continental English accent to try to blend in. He turned out to be from St. Louis Missouri.  Like most of those fancy pants restaurants, you get your order taken on an iPad. Drinks are delicious but also extremely expensive, as in Saison and Per Se expensive. Be aware.Price aside, the ambience was great. The thing about Robuchon is that he's famous. Extremely famous. I could not get into the only three Michelin star restaurant, by the same chef, of course. As a second cousin to its three starred Michelin restaurant, L'Atelier is more casual, and thus it felt a bit more intimate and less stuffy than its glammed up cousin next door.Be prepared to people watch like I did. I love love watching people in these fancy pants restaurants dropping a couple of hundred dollars each. Quite an interesting social study, especially when the said restaurant is in Vegas.Come sometime, bring your hottest, most deserving date. She/he will be suitably impressed. I had the oddest dream after eating here, I dreamed an old boyfriend brought me here, and he proposed. When I woke up I was having a panic attack, I realized that no matter how good the restaurant was, marriage proposals can still induce a near heart attack for a commitment-phobe like me.
5	Been waiting to come to L'Atelier for years.  I can gladly say that I was NOT disappointed.  I was out of town in Vegas for work for the weekend, so decided since I was working the weekend I deserved some Joel Robuchon.  The nice thing about L'Atelier is that you can pick a set menu, but also customize it.  I had the Menu B, and chose the Gaspacho, Gnocci, Suckling Pig, and Duck.  For dessert I chose "Le Cafe."  All dishes were excellent, but my favorites were the Suckling Pig and the Duck.  It was just enough food, and left me feeling satisfied, but no uncomfortable.After going to Mix earlier in the week, I do think that Mix is a better deal and slightly better quality.  Mix also provided 3 "gifts" with the meal, that were very welcome surprises.  Who doesn't like a gift???  L'Atelier only had one gift at the beginning, but as I told my coworker, it might have been one of the best presents I have ever received!!  The Amuse Buche (which is the gift), was a foie gras concoction with foam.  It was delightful and a great way to start the meal.I hope to return to L'Atelier with other coworkers later this week, but it depends how much work we will be doing.  Overall, a great meal!!
5	Quite possibly, the best meal of my life.Michelin starred under the Joel Robuchon banner,  the Chef de Cuisine Steve Benjamin was floating around the kitchen ensuring that the meals were precisely perfect. 2 tops are seated at the Chef's Counter.Supper after a show, I chose to experience the Menu Decouverte de Saison (Seasonal Discovery Menu $159) and an experience it was!Beginning Supplement ~ Le Jambon $60Succulently rich flavored Iberico de Bellota ham, on a bed of immaculately chopped tomato and toast. L' Amuse Bouche ~ Avocado and Cilantro flavored Ruby Red Grapefruit Gelee. Both spicy and refreshing. La Saint Jacques ~ Razor thin saucers of Sweet Sea Scallop Carpaccio in a lemon vinaigrette. My heart smiled.Les Langoustines ~ Tender Langoustines cooked in their shells with Green Curry Paste and a Coconut Milk Broth.Le Piquillo ~ Fork soft Piquillo Pepper, stuffed with Tuna Belly Confit and Smoked Eggplant.Le Fois Gras ~ Delicate Tortellinis stuffed with buttery starbursts of Fois Gras, swimming in a ginger/miso broth. Masterful.Le Turbot ~ Flaky Turbot Filet seared in a Lemongrass Virgin Olive Oil. Simple Joys.La Caille ~ Fois Gras stuffed Free Range Quail in its own gravy, with a dollop of Robuchon's famous sinfully buttery potato puree. La Fraise ~ Light Lime Ganache, White Chocolate Smear, with fresh plump Strawberries and a Cherry Tomato Sorbet. Magnificent.Le Caramel ~ Caramel Mousse, Black Pepper Financier, Popcorn, and Popcorn Ice Cream. Complex waves of flavors.A 3 hour dinner that created memories and delight.
4	Great service, good food, but not as much as the hype.The famous mashed potato was all butter - I felt almost a bit sick after eating.We had:- for appetizer: snapper, endive, fois gras, veal dimsum- for entree: suckling pig, duck, pasta with lobster,- for dessert: coffee gelato+, taste of tartsAnd all were generally good, can't complain but some dishes I found very intriguing and tasteful while a few others were not as good.Tasting menus are reasonable and they don't require the whole party to participate in the same number of courses. And sit at the bar and enjoy the view of the hard work in the kitchen.
5	Fantastic!  A dining experience that was as gracious as it was delicious. Too often popular, successful restaurants employ snooty staff and act as if you should be honored to dine at their establishment. But not this place. Our party of 3 was warmly welcomed.The staff is refined but friendly. The food was delicious too! The gyoza, cod, and dessert tray of tarts was flavorful and beautiful.  Yes, the place is NOT super-crowded.  If you're looking for just a hip bar, keep strolling.  This place is about the food and ambiance of relaxed decadence.  FYI - we were there on a Friday night!
5	After reading all the fabulous reviews of the restaurant on yelp, I thought to myself, how good could the food actually be? I was prepared to be disappointed..but it turns out that all my preparation was unnecessary. L'atelier was one of the most memorable dining experiences I've had. We decided against the tasting menu since my wife and i were kind of full from the free alcohol at the casino. We opted for the prix fixe menu A instead. The amuse' bouche was a glass filled foam with foie gras at the bottom of the glass. After my first bite I realized this meal was going to be quite yummy. My favorites   were a snapper carpaccio, and some sort of veal dumpling that my wife ordered. The latter being the best thing i've ever eaten. EVER. Most everything else was delicious as well.. I was a little disappointed in the gnocchi with foie gras, i thought it was only "pretty good". The service was also excellent, the meal took about 2 hours, but i think that this was deliberate. Our server asked if we had time constraints, and seeing as we were on vacation.. we had no where important to be. Overall, i would say that this restaurant is worth all the hype !
5	Amazing special meal. Do not order the vegetables medley or the framboise dessert.Hanger steak, obviously the mashed potatoes.Burgers so cute and pretty good but sauce/dip not our favorite.Jamon iberico amazing, nice and fatty.Langostino fritters good.Mac and cheese interesting rendition.Best part is the experience. Really special. Overall memorable and solid food with the best service. Sit at the bar.
5	What else can you say? Wow, amazing meal, excellent flavors, exceptional service. That describes it all.
4	This is my third time here. The first time we actually met Robuchon and had an amazing seasonal tasting menu. We came back last year and had a dissappointing menu. But we heard that Robuchon came and took off the menu right away. We were skeptical to come back again, but did it for the last time. There are way too many restaurant in Vegas i want to try.  But, my experience this time was much better. We had the seasonal menu again and everything was superb. My favorite was the scallops, le foie gras soup and le caramel dessert!
5	Best meal I've ever had by far. We both went with the chefs pre fix menu and wine paring. Its not your typical romantic nice dinner place. Its a bit more hip. The service was great and it was nice to see the chefs cooking and plating your dishes. A very cool experience. We sat at the bar seating which I feel is the best spot. You get to really talk about your meal and wines with your server. Think bartender of food and drink. We spent 650 for two without too and tax. So 800 out the door. Of course you could eat for less but I think for the experience its best to do the chefs menu.
3	Great service, quality, taste, and atmosphere.The problem is that its way too expensive and not enough food.  I know, I know its vegas, joel robuchon, french, blah blah blah.  At least fill me up.  btw i got the chefs tasting menu and ate a bunch of bread.
4	Excellent food in addition to great service though it's a little on the pricey side, it's well worth for the quality.
3	I decided to give this place a try as a little preview before I tackle the chef's other restaurant. However, I was a little disappointed in L'Atelier. I have had my fair share of fine dining, not only do I believe I am paying for the food, I also believe I am paying for the service. That was not the case here, I find their customer service skills to be very poor. The waiters were very UN-attentive. I am not sure if it was because we had a late reservation and it was already towards the end of the night. Even then, for one of Joel Robuchon's restaurants I would expect fine service.
4	Food was great, service was very good. My only qualm was the wine... We ordered a nice bottle of Argentinian red which was $65. We really liked it so I noted the vintage, and looked it up afterwards only to find out that it retails for about $15 a bottle. I found the 400% mark up a little off putting.I'd still go back, but would really appreciate not being gouged on the wine...
3	I give L'Atelier 3.5 stars but when push came to shove, I downgraded to 3 because the food was not memorable.L'Atelier is at MGM grand and has a modern decor.  We sat at the bar and ordered small plates.Small they were, not that much food at all.  Little substance.  Yes, flavorful but I was not impressed.We had been drinking beer during the day so stayed with it but they only have a few choices on tap.  That was a bit sad :(Service was good and prompt.  In sum, it's fine but quite pricey for that you get in food.
5	It just does not get any better than this.  By all means, ask to sit at the bar so you can watch the artists work. We selected the tasting menu, and did not want it to end.Scallop carpaccio with lemon vinaigrette, Piquillo pepper with smoked eggplant and tuna belly confit, Langoustine dans sa coque with green curry, Foie gras herb tortellini in ginger bouillon, Sea bass seared in lemongrass with tomato, Free range quail stuffed with foie gras and legendary mashed potato, Hangar steak with shishito pepper, Light lime ganache with strawberry and cherry tomato sorbet (which I personally believe is the key to world peace) and Cherries with chocolate peanut sable on Amarena ice cream. One of the finest dinners I have ever experienced. Six stars
5	Discovery menu is the way to go with the wine pairing. No complaints - even after the check arrived which, believe me, is high praise...
5	In a city that can boast  more fine restaurants per square block than any other I know of, this restaurant stands tall.  Dine at the chef's "table" whenever possible to add to your experience.Each dish brings a new level of texture, flavor and beauty.  When the butter served causes each of us to spends days trying to find and buy the product ( can't be done unless you want to fly to Paris )' what can you say about all the rest.   This is an experience not to miss if your budget can take the hit.  The reviewers who complain about not enough food, should stick with the steak houses and leave this gem to those who can appreciate  this level of  cuisine.
5	My life would be complete with a basket of L'Atelier langoustine fritters and a dozen of their poached oysters. My date and I quickly calculated our fantasy L'Atelier meal, which would've easily cost $$$ alone for our fritter basket. I shudder to think what it would be with oysters tacked on.I originally had a reservation at Joel Robuchon, but thanks to an unforeseen six-hour flight delay, we couldn't make our reservation. I.was.devasted. While I was sulking in the corner, the boy made a reso at L'Atelier the next night.  I loved that L'Atelier offered a fine dining meal without the stuffy pretension. The boy and I sat up at the counter with front row views of their open kitchen. Since we had a late lunch buffet, we chose from the small tasting menu:Le KampachiDelicate, beautifully garnished with a nice touch of flavors without compromising the freshness of the fishLes HuitresThese poached oysters were my favs of the night. Much like the kampachi, the dish was light yet well-dressed with lemon-butter. I would've just been content with a dozen of theseLa LangoustineUm, can I have a basket of these? You can't go wrong with something fried and lobster-esque. We also ordered a fish (john dory, possibly) and La Caille (foie stuffed quail). Both were superbly prepared, but didn't have the wow factor like the first three dishes. For dessert, we picked La Framboise, a chocolate sphere which revealed the "the surprise inside" when our server poured warm raspberry sauce over our plate. A beautiful way to end our meal.What started out a way to salvage a Joel Robuchon reso, turned out to be one of the best nights of the trip. While I've yet to dine at JR, but I'd return to L'Atelier in a heartbeat!
4	The food and service by the waiter make this one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the hostess.  When we got there she said it would just be a few minutes because they were getting the table ready, so we gladly waited.  As we were seated we walked by over half of the empty tables just to be seated in the back corner at the bar.  It was a slow night there and the tables sat empty the whole time so the fact that our reservation got us two seats at the bar was very disappointing.
5	Amazing. Everything is amazing. I don't know what else to say. If you can afford it, eat here at least once in your life
4	Had it been three years ago, I would have given L'Atelier 5 shiny stars because it was, has been, and continue to be (at least in my mind) one of the best dining experiences I've had in Vegas and with most one Michelin stars in my life.However, on a recent return visit I felt slightly differently about it ...But I still love dining at their open kitchen bar. The atmosphere, the environment, the seeing the prep part ... those were all quite amazing. I highly recommend this spot still, but maybe go and try the big daddy Joel Robuchon instead because I imagine that place is amazing.The first time I came, they actually made us wait for our table a bit, so we ended up in Joel Robuchon's lounge where the expertly curated table of whiskeys greeted us along with a very very knowledgable bartender / whiskey expert. It was a very enjoyable experience even though it started because we had to wait for our table. However, the 2nd time, they seated us at a table instead of the bar ... so maybe that's why. But I also thought the food wasn't as good.The first time I was absolutely shocked. I've been to so many French, American, etc. restaurants they started to blend together. When the waiter comes out and tells you the list of ingredients, you almost glaze over it because you don't really know half of them anyway. However, L'Atelier was different. They used ingredients I seriously could find in my own fridge, at my grocery store and in my pantry. Completely normal and ordinary ingredients but they made them extraordinary. They prepared dish after dish of amazing from plain things I had in my own house. This to me was the mark of an incredible chef because he truly transformed the ingredients and transcended their average qualities. The last time I went it was less so ... hence not 5-shiny stars. I still love this place though and may come back again when I'm in Vegas next time around.
2	I was surprised to see a lot of people from the coasts raving about it. I would have expected people who are not from fly-over states to be disappointed as i was.1.If you think this is a high end upscale restaurant - don't come here. The atmosphere is of a mediocre sushi bar, even the bathrooms are not very clean. The staff is ok, but for what you are paying (i'll get to it) you deserve a lot more. It is noisy, small (and not in the good way) and basically every shmuck who walks in the MGM grand (should have been the first warning sign to me) can see you eat.2.If you know and value your food - don't come here. I value good food whether it is in a hole in a wall or a 3 star michelin restaurant.The food here is major meh. Sure the langoustines here are from the atlantic and they are not bad, but 60$ for 3 of them? give me a break. I had to return their "signature" dish - the quail stuffed with foie gras. It was bland and very meh. Meh is how I would describe this place.Now usually it's hard to get it wrong with the desserts. I understand why people would wow over the framboise that melts into itself, but we had 3 desserts and there is a chance the Cinnabon across the hall is a better use for your money3. If you value your money - don't come here.The prices are ridiculous -60 and 70$ for main dishes and 50-60 for starters , 15$ for a dessert. And what do you get ? Sure seeing the staff at work is nice but.. the atmosphere is like a noisy street sushi bar. For 130$ per person before drinks and all, i can go to daniel in nyc (3 stars, not one), sit like a king and have the entire french experience.The food? not amazing, especially not worth the ridiculous prices you pay for it.The service? nice, but not worth-the-price nice.If you value food, money or atmosphere - don't come here - all the rednecks around you that take the tasting menu + wine pairing (that is 260 a pop) will just make you go WTF.
4	I have been wanting to check out this spot for awhile. On our biannual trip to Vegas I finally made it in. We sat at the bar area which, comprised the majority of the restaurant. You get to indulge in watching all the food being prepared from this spot. I loved watching the chefs work their magic and see the close attention to detail and presentation that went into each dish as if it was a work of art. I ordered the prefix selection A menu. All of the flavors had a unique combo and texture leaving the palate with a fine culinary exploratory experience. This place is truly unique and fun, check it out and make sure to make reservations well in advance.
5	This place is amazing  the oysters were the best thing we had and this ravioli soup was super good
5	French Chef of the century for under $100 a person?  Sign me up! (okay, so I went over that number but you "could" feasibly eat here for under $100!)I saw at the bar which was fun to watch the detail the chefs put into each and every dish.  It was a hard debate over whether to order a la carte and try all the items that sounded amazingly scrumptious, or start with the 5 course pre-fixe.  I wasn't particularly hungry when I walked in, but one whiff of the dishes served next to me and I chose the 5 course pre-fixe and let the eating begin.- The Foie gras parfait was delicious.  The parmesan foam complimented and didn't overpower the foie gras at all, and it was a sizable portion for a small amuse bouche.- The snapper with lemon vinaigrette was a feast for the eyes as much as it was for the taste buds.  Loved the colorful sprouts and flora sprinkled on the snapper. Not uniquely different from other similar raw, thinly sliced, and marinated raw fish appetizers I've tried at other establishments, but definitely delicious.- Pumpkin Gnocchi with chestnut and foie gras.  This has to be my favorite dish from dinner and what makes it so I must come back to L'Atelier, and come back soon before this seasonal dish is taken off the menu.  The soft gnocchi bursts with the flavorful sweetness of freshly roasted pumpkin, paired with the richness of foie gras and complimented by the nutty scent of chestnut.  This dish was so good, the guests next to me at the bar ordered one as well as soon as they saw mine arrive.  And it was so good, I think I could have eaten three dishes of this all at once and not be tired of it.  - Suckling pig with mushroom.  I may have been overstuffed at this point given this was technically a late second dinner of the night, but besides the unique presentation of this dish, the crispy crust on the outside, and the sweet aroma of sucking pig served with wild mushrooms... Hmmm... I think the more I recall the dish the better I seem to remember it.- Liquid cheesecake with pineapple.  I am 100% certain this dish is called something else, and definitely more eloquently described, but you probably won't get a more accurate description than my liquid cheesecake with pineapple.  Beautiful presentation, and very tasty till the last bite.  Service was fantastic, the posh but casual atmosphere was just right for a post-work dinner, the location was convenient within MGM Grand, the price was more than reasonable, and oh, the bread is fresh, crisp, and moist.  There were so many more dishes I saw others order and wanted to try off of the a la carte menu.  The guests next to me and I exchanged notes on what we ate throughout our entire dinner, and I know there will definitely be a return visit hopefully very, very soon.
4	Had this twice already - both times tried their discovery menu on different seasons.Highlights:- Fois Gras ravioli soup was memorable.  amazing broth, the mushrooms..yum.- their tiger prawns with cavier is something to just sit and really enjoy in life.- They fried this lotus root that went so well with cilantro.  Another classic work of art.- poached oysters were great- Overall all of their seafood in general is fabulous - Their baquettes are wonderful as well.Other areas:- I though the quail was just ok.  Maybe its a bit over-hyped?- The 5 course wine pairing is ok.  The Brut champagne was fantastic, but it seemed to go dull afterwards. - Didn't care too much for their desserts.overall a must try.    I think their wine pairing is a bit overpriced based on their selection of pairings they have for you.
5	What a great restaurant! You can not go wrong with anything on the menu.  The chef is extremely pleasant to speak with, and was even nice enough to give use a tour of both of the restaurants kitchens.
5	Once again a very enjoyable dinner! Everything worked and the service was excellent. Highly recommended.
5	I struggled between giving this place 4 or 5 stars. I've dined previously in some other Michlen restaurants such as Melisse and Providence in LA and had a different experience at L'atelier. The place looks very simple, nothing unique. More like the back yard of his 3 stars restaurant right next to it. The service was very good. All waitresses were knowledgeable and extremely nice. The food was very good. Some of the dishes were fanominal such us the first dish L'AMUSE BOUCHE, the main dish LA CAILLE and both deserts. Some others were just ok. We've dined with a couple of friends that L'atelier was their first gourmet experience. They enjoyed every moment of the 3 hours dinner we had. They even had a vegeterian alternative for this 9 course dinner that was, according to our vegeterian friend exceptional. We ended up paying about $250 per person after tip.Kind of pricy but in a place like Las Vegas everything is pricy. I'm not sure if I'll go back there but I will defiantly reccomand it to friends.I will give 5 stars after all
4	Enjoyable night out...It's a peaceful dining experience given the craziness of the casino floor just outside the restaurant. I like the flexibility of the menu ranging from small plates (tapas style) to regular a la carte, to various prix fixe options. We went with a combination of a la carte and prix fixe.The foie gras amuse bouche to start is amazing... beautiful taste as you scoop up the yummy goodness through the foam on top. Bread service is excellent and offers a nice variety of crisp Parisienne style mini breads to regular slices.Had a variety of dishes from the pain con tomate with iberico ham, calamari, mini gyozas/raviolis, beef short ribs, steak and finished with a lovely coffee and chocolate ice cream type dessert. The pain con tomate was crispy throughout and full of flavor. Solid presentation and tastes throughout the meal with nice pacing of courses.The staff were great with our little one and it's a nice way to get a taste of Joel Robuchon if you want/need a less formal experience.
5	So we used to come at least every other month and this is truly one of my top 5 in the world..... Specifically THIS location.  The quail, the mashed potatoes, the foie sliders, the gravlax.... Everything to die for.  And one of my favorites was the free little slice of cinnamon tart at the end.  It's like the best condensed milk tart dusted with cinnamon.  They even sent me home with a whole tart for my birthday once!  We used to go all the time but once Emmanuelle left, we just didn't feel like the experience was as personal.  AND we had kids so there's that!  LOL.  But I think we will have to revisit this old favorite soon as we have had many special meals here.
5	I got the 9 course discovery chef's menu which was just incredible. Every course was different yet equally delectable. Service by Joe was wonderful. It is pricy but this is Vegas. Totally worth it.
5	The clever BF noticed right off the bat that L'Atelier might have been a sushi bar in it's former life. We sat on stools at the bar with our backs to the front entrance with a grand view of the culinary drama and genius at play. Service was impeccable, and the timing of our dishes was perfectly executed. The kitchen ran like a well oiled machine. A delightfully wicked glee ran through me when I witnessed the chef sample and sneer before tossing some prepped food that failed to meet his standard into the trash, followed by a fleeting sadness for the waste. Started off with some bubblies since it was a special occasion. Could not resist the bread basket, especially that fluffy cheese croissant. The dining experience was a sublime rollercoaster from start to finish; one I would gladly stand in line for immediately after!L'Amuse Bouche was a shotglass of airy cheesy foam atop a delectable morsel of foie gras parfait with port wine reduction. The parmesan emulsion lightened and enhanced the richness of the foie gras underneath, and really got my juices flowing! L'Hamachi was not a pasta ravioli as I had imagined from the description in the Seasonal Discovery Menu, but rather two generous slivers of raw hamachi wrapped around sea urchin in lemon vinaigrette topped with caviar. This dish married all of my favorite things into two bites and took my tongue to another dimension which did not bode well for the next two dishes.Le Macaroni - macaroni in a comte gratin, mushroom and smoked bacon was a comforting blend of soft textures and hearty flavors, but my palate was still reeling from the yellowtail caviar uni so it tasted great but not as intense.Le Crabe Royal - king crab curried served over a couscous of broccolini and fresh herbs - I prefer my seafood unadulterated, so the dish lacked punch. This was my least favorite dish.Le Foie Gras de Canard - seared foie gras with sweet and sour grapes and black pepper brought my tastebuds back to the incline. The acid grapes and bite from the pepper contrasted and complimented the seared foie gras. It's a blessing FG is banned in California otherwise I would be eating this every freaking day.Le Matsutake - this rare and expensive mushroom bouillion with gingered leeks, quail egg was presented in a humble and delicate bowl and tasted as delicate and pure as it looked.Le Saint Pierre - a pleasantly firm John Dory over tender artichoke hearts served "en barigoule" tasted immaculately pristine, delicate and satisfying in the most comforting way. And just when I thought I was full my lips tastedLa Caille - caramelized free range quail stuffed with foie gras, served with the fluffiest buttery mashed potatoes EVER. The nuggets of foie gras with the roast quail was exquisite and took me over the edge so that I could not share  La Hampe - but the BF assured me that the french style hanger steak with roasted shallot and shishito pepper was properly executed. I for one was done. DUN. until I saw dessert and honestly can say that while I cannot recall the flavors of Le Frasier - strawberry cream, chiffon biscuit and strawberry sorbet Le Dulce revived me - chocolat fondant with dulce cream and cherry sherbet was delightfully gorgeous and easy on the eyes and tongue. I am not a dessert person, but this was divine and I will gladly return for Le Dulce.
5	I decided to take my wife to this place to celebrate for her birthday. Since I haven't been to many fine dining establishments before, I only have Providence to compare to. I'll get to that later.I'm sure most of you know Joel Robuchon is a household name in the fine dining French cuisine world. And he's got more of that Michelin star thingy than any other chefs in the world. So that must make him the Michael Jordan of chefs. If you want all of that name dropping and more, you'll be going next door. We wanted to try this place because it was supposed to be a more casual setting without all the snobbiness.So, what can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. Well, I loved the fact that we literally sat at the best seat in the house, smack in the middle of the counter. The decor is very modern, very Asian inspired. If you could get a counter seat, definitely do it over a table. You really get to see the staff at work, and it's worth the price of admission in itself.We opted for the tasting menu, figuring it's the best of what they represent. The food itself was presented exquisitely, each dish looking like a work of art. They were not big in portions but it's not intended to fill you up, but more about indulging your palette. I liked every dish I had, especially anything with foie gras, except for the oysters. I'm just not an oyster fan and having tried what I believe is as good as they can taste, I still don't like it. Having said that, I was surprised at how light and refreshing everything tasted. My impression of French cuisine is very heavy and saucy, which to my surprise none of the dishes were. They also had two terrific desserts that were both amazing. On a funny side note, I saw a wagyu beef and foie gras burger that sounded pretty good for only $33 on their a la carte menu. When I saw them served to others, it was a mini slider about the size of two bites.All in all, it was a wonderful experience worth at least once in your life. I still liked Providence slightly better just because I felt they had more seafood and were more experimental with the food. However, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is not too shabby themselves and it's definitely a close second. The only negative of the night was they had the National Finals Rodeo going that weekend and they had a big ol' party right outside the restaurant. So every time they opened up that sliding door, it killed the mood.
