3	Lavo is the new nightclub/restaurant located in the Palazzo from the creators of Tao. It opens officially next weekend, but there appeared to be some form of a soft opening this weekend. Restaurant: They are trying to be some sort of mediterranean fusion tapas place. All dishes are small and pricey ($7 for a slider, $15ish for a small tapas sized sih), and they don't offer any entree sized portions. We tried the kobe burger, fries, twice baked chicken, and a breaded veal dish. All were good, and the standout was the veal dish. Nothing was spectactular. Drinks were tasty and cost $12 each. Atmosphere seemed trendy, but contrived like everything in vegas! Servers in the main part were dressed like crap in jeans and tennis shoes but perhaps this was for the soft opening? We ate in the lounge part and the cocktail watiresses were hot and well dressed. Nightclub: Even though they weren't even open yet officially and obviously weren't packed, they still made us go through the ridiculous fanfare of going through 6 bouncer checkpoints to get into the club. One guy told us "You're lucky you came now when it's easy to get into... once we start advertising this place is going to get REALLY exclusive!" Ok, ouch, so I'm that ugly that I'm not going to be able to get in once this place gets "cool".. mmmk whatever. Also they made my bf tuck in his button down shirt which I thought was weird. Anyways, once we got into the nightclub I really didn't feel that impressed. I think Tryst is way better. Although the dancefloors seem to be similar sized, at Tryst you can dance all over the place.. this place was small and cramped outside the dance floor, so I think once this place fills up more the dance floor will get too full. The rest of the place is all VIP/bar area. The bar area was cramped and you definitely had no room to dance if you were standing anywhere but the dance floor. Seemed like it could get annoying.Ok another issue I had.. so the theme is bathhouse. Kind of a fun/cool theme. HOWEVER they sucked at the decor. It's all black pretty much. There's a bizarre pseudo-sexual ugly painting in the back. There's towel rack handles on the wall in a weird pattern. At Tao they have all these cool bathtubs everywhere but then they build a place called a freaking bathhouse and have no such decor.. it's really odd. I mean the place was pretty and everything, I just wasn't blown away. Also, there's no outdoor part in the club part. There is a patio in the restaurant (however no service out there!), but once you get into the club there is no stepping outside. Last but not least.. the music. Again, Tryst wins out. They played a lot of "old" songs, but not fun 70's/80's songs.. songs that were just well old. Like Nelly's "ride with me" or Gin and Juice by Snoop. Just lots of songs that are very "tired" but not classics if that makes sense. Either play trendy cool music, or play me some Bon Jovi.. none of this cool 10 years ago crap. Tryst had a nice mix of songs of the moment and 80's stuff. This DJ needs help. Oh and one last complaint. So the line for this place is OUTSIDE. Yes, it is August and they are going to make you wait outside. We only waited 5 minutes due to the aforementioned emptiness, but if this place ever becomes cool and actually gets a line I would hate waiting outside for an hour + in extreme heat or even the "extreme" cold of the Vegas winter. EIther way , waiting outside blows and that was poor planning on their part.
1	Umm we were staying at the Palazzo and they said we still had to pay $20 to get into a club that looks hella dead inside??? You must be on crack Mr. Bouncer guy that needs to get the stick outta your ass. I ain't paying for that shit! I'd rather walk my ass to the V Bar where it's free and play better music.
5	I see Lavo as the "it" place to be in Vegas..super exclusive, and totally worth it.....Ok, so Lavo means to bathe or cleanse, and after a night here, that is just what you will have to do, in a good way. The restaurant is GORGEOUS! From the Moroccan tables, twenty foot ceilings, and the glass/wood screen bridge that leads to the club...they knew what they were doing when they designed this place. Honestly, this place is beautiful, and it of course doesn't hurt to have Grecian beauties bathing themselves in copper tubs, extremely hot waiters, and cocktail waitresses in short little dresses with AMAZING shoes!The restaurant...where do I begin? Since the girls and I were enjoying a "girl dinner," aka a free dinner because we are hot, we never saw a menu and our waited just brought out food he thought we'd enjoy. So I'll try and describe is as best I can.First came the amuse bouche-deconstructed bloody mary shots....ummm....HELLO DELICIOUS! Tomato sorbet, vodka gelatin, and celery foam.....really, out of this world, if i could eat 12 more....I wouldMargarita pizza- ok, I thought it was delicious, and so did the girls, but I probly would opt to order the other things first next time...Salmon with black caviar..OMG!!! Order it, my mouth is still wateringBorccolini...garlic goodness, excellent side dishPROSCIUTTO FIG PANINI WITH HONEY!!!! I cannot begin to express how wonderful this was, we literally licked the dish....the combination of the salty prosciutto, the sweet lavender honey, and the fig just take you to food orgasm....ORDER THREE!!!!Sadly, we did have a noodle dish and a white fish that I can't remember, but they were good, just not AMAZINGThe food here was Delicious, and from the other reviews, who orders sliders at a restaurant like this? The Club has A LOT of stairs going up to it....and on the way up you are greeted by multiple bouncers, fat women being fanned by midgets, and bathing goddesses. Once you enter the club, which is on the small side, so I see it being VERY exclusive, you are greeted by a gorgeous circular bar. There are tables around the dance floor, and one table that is against the wall which has like towel rings on it, so you can stand up on the seats and hold onto the wall while you dance....ummm....GREAT foresight!!! The dancing girls add just what I like in my clubs, and on one more note, the bathroom has a holder for your drink!!!!This place is amazing, it's not very crowded yet, but once word spreads, this place is going to be fantastic.
4	A club is only as fun as the people you go with and what you make of it. With that said, I had one helluva time.  The bouncers were friendly, and it was a breeze to get in.  Our table waitress Crystal was adorable and attentive.    They had storage boxes at our table to put our purses in.  Nice touch.  The venue itself was nothing breath taking - not ugly by all means, but for Vegas - usually it has to have some je ne sais quo, right?The music was typical - hip hop then change - then something else - then change, but all together was fine.  My girls were dancing on tables, having drunken fun.  And thats all that matters.
4	Think Tao, but with a Mediterranean twist.  There was this fat ass (of the) African (persuasion) beezy dressed in Egyptian Mediterranean old school getup being fanned with by a midget.  That scared me a little bit.  There wasn't that much people there, probably because it's new.  But I'd come back for the ambiance itself.
4	we went on a saturday night and were on the guestlist but the bouncer made us wait outside while he got approval for our group.  whatever.  i guess it was the grand opening for the club and jamie foxx, k-fed, mario lopez, paris hilton, nikki hilton, busta rhymes were all there.  but so what? ha  we didnt have to pay which was niceits supposedly a restaurant, bathouse, and nightclub.  when you get in, you go up in and to the nightclub.  the restaurant is downstairs.  no idea what or where the bathhouse is.  on our way up there was a black midget fanning a large black lady.  it was a bit alarming.  the place is a bit small with a dancefloor surrounded by tables then a bar surrounded by tables too.  kind of cramped.  i have no idea where they hid all the celebrities.  the only one i saw was jamie foxx.  and i tried to take a picture of him and got blacklisted by the bouncers.  everytime i went near the table they would tell me to please step away.  another plus.  top shelf open bar until 12am! = good times
4	We spent some time on the terrace at the hookah bar.  It's was good fun as we had a view of the strip and it was quite relaxed.  I'd recommend it for a low key stop early in the evening although it gets a bit crazier as the night goes on.
1	My favorite thing about going to Vegas is trying new clubs, restaurants, and hotels. I was excited yet hesitant to spend my 22nd birthday at Lavo this year (10/10) because of the lack of reviews and hype surrounding the club. I made reservations to Pure as well (one of my all time favorite clubs). After a promoted pretty much talked my group into at least checking it out, the night began. First off Lavo is TINY. Even with table service, all the tables/couches are squeezed together and it doesn't provide you with the ultimate experience because everyone is stuffed in like sausages and it made it easy for people to just walk up and dance and sit in your space. There was no separation from the regular dancing area. Second, the service is less than impressive. Our table server Megan was rude did not help make the occasion special but actually took away from the experience.Third, the music was horrible and even intoxicated found it difficult to dance too.And finally after only one bottle of kettle one was consumed we were kicked out without warning because they thought my friend was "too drunk". With a whole bottle left you can imagine I was less than thrilled. I couldn't believe this club shares an owner with Tao, it was awful and I will never be going back. Please don't make the same mistake I did, and go somwhere else (Tao, Pure, LAX, Rain).
1	Went there this past Saturday. Got there about 11p, which I felt was still early to go out  for Vegas. Our group wanted to check out this new place since we were staying at The Palazzo. When we get there we tell the clipboard guy we were on the guest list for a group of 20. He pretended to glance at his list and says the name isn't there, then turns away. We told him to keep looking, which he finally did (with an attitude). He saw the name and then said, "With a large group like that you would need 2 tables, which will cost 5k." Are you kidding me?? 5k for a crap place like this! No way Mr. clipboard power trippn' dude. We ended up at Tao with no troubles what so ever. Also, check out V-bar at the Venetian if you're not really in the mood for a club.
1	NIGHTCLUB rating only.I walked in during feasting hours and its cool, small, OK bar.Apparently this is one of the only places to get down on a Sunday. Ladies you can get a 2 ladies in free flyer at Tao - so get there early and you dont pay. It also says on the club flyer that its a bathouse. Um NO. I got kicked out of line for wearing rhinestone open toed shoes in flip flop style. OK a girl with ugly kitten heel flea market flip flops got in and I didn't? WTF. I explained the the very cool bouncer who was going to let me in - since I was just meandering around alone - look the flyer said bath house, I have heels, but I have my hot-piece suit on under and I can put my heels on. I was even going to tip the guy for putting me in GList line.So I step to the side for 2 minutes, show him my fabulous heels and then I am told that they are at max capacity and I can wait in their lounge. I think it was some senior bouncer that cut me off. What a load of crap. I dont know - did they not like my flossy Obama top? I was already stamped for entry - WTF?Lavo - awash.
5	This has to be one of the best Nightclub experiences i've ever had.  Im from LA and have been on the club scene for 10+ years.  I'm kind of done with the club scene, but found myself in Vegas for a bachelorette party.We got a table at LAVO and the service and treatment was top-notch all the way.  I was beyond impressed and i'm a tough cookie to impress.  We had 2-3 waitresses for our group of 12 girls and they took care of us all the way.  I would compare it to the service I've gotten at a St Regis Hotel.  We also had our 1st bottle comp'd.  Additionally the club itself is beautiful. Gorgeous details and interesting things to see everywhere.The crowd was great too, good looking, classy for Vegas.  (We were at Prive the night before the the low-rent crowd there was SCARY- people stealing red bull cans off our table and sticking them in their purses with no bouncers around anywhere).Back to the LAVO review....And to top it off, I ended up losing my passport there somehow!  They found it the next day and Fed Ex'd it back to me immediately.Way to go LAVO - you get high marks in my book!!!!
3	place was packed.  we were told 20 minute wait but ended up being an hour.  the manager bought us a drink in the meantime, though, which was nice, especially with their prices.  almost impossible to get a drink at the bar.  loud and annoying house music blasting and douchebags and douchebaguettes abound, but the food was good and the menu interesting.worth a try when you've got $300 free to blow on dinner for two, which i always do...
3	Food was fantastic! It was SO loud I felt like i was screaming during dinner...didn't completely ruin it but I am undecided if I would go back. Keeping in mind, it was 7:30pm, not 10:00pm. A bit disappointing.
4	Really liked the place. We stayed at Palazzo and I asked our concierge to put us on their guest list. This said we didn't have to pay and easily got inside around midnight. I'd say it's a little small, but music was good and drinks pretty good too. A night before we went to Tryst and I think these two are comparable in quality (besides the dance floor size).
4	i lava lavo.  i went here for dinner on a saturday night.the place is so hip and cool.. with dim lights everywhere and fancy chandeliers and modern, dark decoration.  very nightclubby feel..its a pretty intimate setting, with candles and they had couches you can sit at for dinner.i started with their very good onion soup, served in a little miniature pot.  it had bacon bits, lots of onions inside and melted cheese on top, of course.For my main course i ordered the linguine with clams, which was overall not that great.. it was super salty.  I regret not ordering the steak frites with bleu cheese melted on top of it with fries. (i had a bite of it from someone else's plate and the steak was damn good.)For dessert i had their AMAZING chocolate pudding, with ice cream on the side.. so very delicious.  i think my decision to give this place a 4 instead of a 3 was because of their onion soup and chocolate pudding.their portions are small, but if you have 3 courses you will be very satisfied.  it was $30 per person, all 3 courses included.  (alcoholic) beverages are a little much. but its vegas.turns to a nightclub at night.. which i havent been to, but want to.
4	This bar/lounge is inside The Palazzo Hotel!i love it! came here for halloween. they have hookah outside too! its kind of expensive, but it worth it! i mean its vegas so what do you expect!go to a show at the venetian and they will give you free complimentary drinks to LAVO!!
4	I went to Lavo during the current promotion providing a $50. 00 drink credit at the bar and lounge.How can you top a $50.00 gift certificate .........That baby turned into four high quality Blackberry margaritas, each served with a large amount of Patron silver.You can not complain about the quality of the drinks in this bar.Service is excellent, bar tenders are quick and efficient and the wait staff is supurb.Friendly people everywhere.....The lounge is very large and was filled with early evening drinkers and diners. The seating looks quite comfortable.The bar holds about 20 patrons.....I would think this would be an enjoyable club when the evenings are comfortable enough to go on the terrace and enjoy a Shisha pipe or hooka as some people call them. The charge for the set up is a bit steep, but still would afford you and your friends an excellent experience.I tried their Beef Kabobs, with Olive polenta, scallions and lime - they were outstanding.I also dined on the Kobe meatballs - also very nice.The menu has a large variety of selections -  including Spanish Payae. dishes.I found Lavo to be a quality experience. A club in the making ....I hope they do well.
3	No cover and a short line.  Good first impression.  The lounge/club is upstairs and you can view the restaurant while taking the short hike on up.  The restaurant was beautiful and spacious.  What happened to the club?!  It was intimate, but a little tooooo intimate.  It was tiny!  The dance floor was the size of my hotel room.The decor was nice, but I wasn't impressed.  The little person fanning the lady on top was about the only thing that was somewhat interesting.   It wasn't crowded and it seemed to be a sugar daddy/sugar baby haven.  Attractive young ladies dancing and old, rich men staring.
5	I stayed at the Venetian and got a drink voucher, So after losing money in the casino, I said what the hell. I didnt go to the club cause I was starving  and needed to eat Is that why the food  was so good? the service was outstanding and did I mention the FOOD WAS GREAT! the waitress suggested  ordering a few different plates, everything from the Mai Tai to the Kobe Steak was very good!
3	I was there last Saturday for dinner and went upstairs to check out the club. For the restaurant, the decor/ ambiance was great if that's what you're looking for. The food was just ok, have tasted better tapas in numerous other places. I tried the kobe beef balls, kobe sliders, grill octopus salad, sea bass and clam linguine. None of those amazed me or stayed in my tongue memory. The chocolate bread pudding was the best part of the whole dinner. I had fun staring at the people walking back and forth the stairs/ bridge to the club so i checked it out after dinner. It has a bar area and a dance floor area with some booths. I guess it would be ok if you're hanging out with your own group of friends and is looking for something less hectic than the bigger clubs. The crowd cleared out pretty fast because of the size of this place i suppose, and not many people there after 1am on a Saturday night.
5	For food! This is a must!They have a preTheatre Menu which is what i go when i went. It's 30% but you get an appetizer, main course and dessert. But I went with a group and tried everything!The pizza! The best! Thin and made perfectly, The Ceaser Salad, also very good. Very freshLinguine Vongole - 4/5 (but not my thing, could be yours!)Caramelized Salmon - 5/5 (It fell apart easily, and wasn't your typical fish flavor.)Herb Grilled Chicken Paillard -  5/5(I didn't think Chicken could taste so many different flavors at once)Streak Frites 100/5 It was agreed that we all eat this one slowly and savor each bite. The streat came out thin and displayed beautiful with sauce. It was tender, it was juicy, we didn't want dessert we wanted more of that! If you come here ORDER THEM! Dessert was great, the cookies, the ice cream. The normal desserts. But the streak by far was the best.I don't think we could have tipped the staff well enough for their display, their helpfulness and overall knowledge of the food. The place is dim, and beautiful and a morroccon retreat. There is also and outside area that faces T.I so if you go at the right time like i did. You can see the Sirens of T.I show. But.. it's not a must! Again i got the Pretheater pre Fix deal but! Prices were not extremely expensive which i thought it would considering this is in the Palazzo.Please this place is defenitly five star and i'm taking everyone i know there.
4	Ok I had to 4 Star this one or else the designer would hang me by the Moroccan light fixtures lol. Over all the decor is amazing (wink) but the food definitely steals the show. Not a Bloody Mary fan but the shots were our addiction that night. A must visit if you want to do the total package of dinner/ lounge/bar 1 place call it a night, outing. One of the better places in Vegas and I'd say a decent spin off from Tao that holds it's own.
4	Lavo is located in what I consider to be the best casino hotel on the strip; Palazzo. Decor is modern Moroccan and they have a restaurant, club, and hookah lounge. The service is fast (perhaps too much so) and the food is great. Unique dishes, but not unrecognizeble. The cocktails are unique and fresh as well. The one drawback is their liberal application of sauces. Our dishes were good but would have been better with less sauce. Might want to specify this when ordering. Other than that, Lavo is worth the visit.
5	i truly AM in love with lavo....it's much better the second time.  good food, cool bathroom sinks, my favorite chocolate pudding cake thing they have..with dulce de leche sauce and vanilla ice cream, and good times.went here for a second time with a group of friends, to celebrate birthdays and an engagement!  lavo was great about taking our reservation of 13.  we waited a little bit to be sat.. the service was good.we all ordered something different.. so for our group of 4 in one area of the table decided to get a bunch of different kinds of dishes to share..  what we ordered:-bone-in ribeye..which came with 4 different dipping sauces  (all so freakin good.) tender steak and delish sauces.-paella..which had seafood, chicken and chorizo! soo tasty.-kobe meatball..that had some marinara sauce deal with it. (which was comped, because they forgot to bring it out, yay!) also awesome.-fries with their ketchup sorbet (cold ketchup)..weird..never had that before.-margherita pizza...which had potatoes...lobster! and caramelized onions. so different. we didn't end up going to the club upstairs afterwards, but it looked pretty busy and cool.like last time.. loved the super modern decor and random decorations..i want to be there every time i'm in vegas.
4	My friends came here early on a Friday night to check out the scene... The decor is beautiful and it's very intimate.  It's very tiny.... i mean EXTREMELY tiny but it's a nice place to have fun and just chill.  We ended up leaving early to head over to some other clubs but I'd probably come back again.. especially since my friend knew someone who got us in immediately. =]
4	I've been to Vegas so many times but I've never really checked or heard of this place until this past weekend. We met up with some Toronto friends in Vegas and decided to party it up VIP style. We decided to get bottle service since that's how we roll. hahah j/k anyways, the place was really nice and it was nestled in the corner of The Palazzo. I assume its a restaurant by day and a club/lounge by night. The decor was amazing and the staff were really friendly. They play great music and the tables (for bottle service) were a little small.
2	came in on a thursday night looking for a low-key start to the weekend.  we walk up to the front (no line to be seen) and were told we weren't getting in without a table because there were too many of us (16 people and pretty much an even female/male split - wtf!)  we were only required to get one bottle so we said what the hell.  you've got the vegas table surcharge so we were on deck to pay around $500 for a bottle of Grey Goose that you get at BevMo for $40.  we walk in and it's DEAD!  on the plus side the bottle we got was the magnum size Goose bottle.  we finished the bottle around 12:30 and the waitress asked us if we wanted another one.  none of us were looking to blow our wad on the first night, so we passed.  the waitress comes back ten minutes later and says they'll give us two-for-one.  Us being chinamen, we couldn't pass up a deal, even if we didn't want to drink anymore (and i think they knew that).  Sale on vodka in vegas?   who can pass on that?  that shit never happens!  we ended up drinking about 3/4 of one bottle.  but again, we're chinamen so we couldn't let the rest go to waste, especially if we paid for it.  we bought a few bottled waters, downed them and emptied the leftover Geese into the water bottles under the table to save for a rainy day.    NOTE: the two-for-one isn't probably going to be offered on a good, busy night.  it was dead when we went so they were probably trying to make as much money as they could off of us...bastards.
3	When?: Saturday, December 20Who?: Me plus fiveBottom Line: Lavo is a very small club with average music and slow and not very knowledgeable bartenders.  The only thing I really liked about it were the bathrooms, which were never crowded, even after the club got packed.  You can get in for free if you stay at the Palazzo and tell the concierge you want to go to Lavo.  I'd probably come back if I was staying at the Palazzo again and didn't feel like leaving the hotel to go to a better club.
3	I reallllly wanted to like this place!!  Unfortunately, it's hard to enjoy going to a nightclub when the place is just plain DEAD!  The bouncers were really nice, which was awesome.  They weren't snotty or anything and we didn't have to pay a cover charge.  We walked in around 11pm on a Thursday night and it was really empty.  We left for a while, came back around 12:30am and there were a lot more people.  Unfortunately, not too many people were dancing.  I think it had a lot to do with the music selection since there were a few songs where people would run out and dance to, then go back to their drinks after it was over.  I suppose I could blame the dead dance floor on the DJ.  I really liked the small intimate dance floor.  The whole place had a nice vibe to it, but it was just so dead we wound up leaving in less than an hour.  They were playing better music downstairs in the restaurant area!
3	we stayed at the venetian, and got comp passes and drink vouchers. didn't have to wait in line, and got served incredibly strong drinks even while paying with vouchers! nice!the club itself is small, but nice. the decor is really neat, with cool fixtures in the bathroom. the water at the sink comes from above, making quite a splash but still pretty awesome! we went on a sunday night, with a group of nine.. the dance floor was packed, and the crowd was mixed, yet not the most attractive. lots of dudes. i had a great time simply because i got so many free drinks with the vouchers. ($50/suite, two suites = 6 top-shelf shots & 2 mixed drinks & a redbull) check this place out if simply to see the decor. could do without the mediocre music, and the "whatever" looking crowd. maybe it's better on a friday or saturday night?
3	LAVORestaurant. Bathhouse. Lounge/Nightclub. What the hell is a bathhouse? The only thing I could make from it was that there were about 20 sinks lined up in a row on the way up to the dance floor. Go figure, I was confused! The first floor is more loungey, chill, relaxing.The second floor consists of the 20 sinks I just mentioned.And the third floor is where you shouldn't go if you're epileptic. Strobe lights going, people dancing, dark then bright, loud, etc. I couldn't see much up here since it was mostly dark all the time but after say 10 minutes, we left. Maybe I'll come back next time...but for now, it's definitely not one of Vegas' most poppin' clubs.
4	1 less star for the not well thought out bathroom designs.. After i finished my business, i walked towards the tall basins in front of the large mirrors.  I was confused on where the water/sink water flow was but the attendant told me just step on the pedal....and out of nowhere the water fell straight down from the ceiling.. I thought that was very neat and original.. Two thing though: you get splashed by the water while washing your hands unless you put them deep in the basins and the mirrors get splashed like crazy.. We talked to the attendant.. and she has to clean those mirrors every time they are splashed! how horrendous!  I can't imagine when the club is poppin' and you have to deal with all these drunkards and those sinks!  At least it was cool though just like the neat bathrooms at tao.Service was Excellent! We had probably 5 people total kept asking us if we were okay and if food was good.. I really liked the people working there.. Very friendly and smiley.  Our waiter took perfect pictures of us, which is a plus because you don't know how many people I've asked to take pictures for us around vegas, and they don't know how to take pics at all with no background and everything!!!  The part where I was amazed was the hanging hooks underneath the tables for your purses!  I thought those were really neat! But risky at the same time, Don't forget your purses at the end of the night!!!We had the crispy artichokes and sirloin platters.. They were amazing.  The artichokes were sprinkled with lemon juice, making it a bit sour but perfect for the final taste.  Sirloin platter were rolls of beef with melted cheese inside.. We made the mistake of not eating that first or together with the artichokes because it ended up being a bit cold when we got to it!no cocktails for us because of the previous night debaucheries at the Bank... I was drinking that ice water like a thirsty camel all dinner long..Decor: amazed me.. dimmed lights.. shades of brownish orange lighting.. I really like the atmosphere and lounge area.. spacious.. different..maybe i should check out the nightclub this weekend..Great experience at LAVO!!!
3	LAVO = Douche bag central It was our first night in Vegas (Sunday). We walked by around midnight and saw the small line and decided to check it out. We were staying at the Venetian so we got in for free. Thank friggin god. I would not want to pay $10 and $20 for the boy to get in here. You'll see why... The lounge was chill. Lots of loungy couches with hookahs on each table and plenty of seats at the bar. The decor was chic, dark and inviting. I enjoyed the music much more downstairs as they played the euro-house-trance type music. We watched an abundance of Asian girls dressed in their skimpiest Forever 21 dresses (the faces did not match the outfits...hilarious) walk the line of 20+ running sinks to the upstairs club. The space was very small. There was a small space on the perimeter of the dance floor for table service. There were TONS of douches here with what it appeared to be hired escorts. No joke. There was another group of euro douches who were standing on their table attempting to "make it rain". What friggin idiot posers. Ick! After I threw up in my mouth several times, I decided it was time to go. I would definitely return to the lounge area but I WOULD NOT pay to get in.
3	True score - 3.5 StarsLavo is the newest club/lounge/restaurant inside the Palazzo that shares its underpinnings with Tao so not surprisingly... 1a.) It's dark as fu**1b.) You can't see sh*t...upstairs2.) Well... It's under same management so duh.  But it's also about 1/6th the size of Tao (I'm talking about the 2nd floor) making this place tiny to maneuver around.  That said, it's a very nice venue with splashes of blue compared to Tao's red decors, and lotsa bikini-top-wearing pole/go-go dancers to liven things up.  It definitely feels more upscale than Tao.  The lower restaurant/hookah lounge (offered after midnight) area is definitely more AIRy and nicer with softer whites and wooden pieces.  Biggest surprise was we were expecting hell to get into the club only to be pleasantly surprised at how easy and quick(and free for Venetian/Palazzo guests) it was for us to get in...just put your name on the guestlist ahead of time.  Possibly THE nicest bouncers I've ever encountered anywhere.  Seriously, these guys know how to treat people with respect and we even made some funny small talk with a few of them, and including the executive host.  None of that strict 1:1 ratio that Tao always pesters you with.  Music was so-so on the dance floor.  Not a big fan of house music and it got crowded quick.  Getting back into the club couldn't be any easier though surprisingly.  Problem is it gets hot upstairs so we resorted to the lounge area  downstairs where it's airy and they played better music.  And it's just way too small.  But you can club hop between Tao and Lavo for free so that's not bad and they offer hookah tables.
4	Lavo was nice and intimate, we made it in with no problem.. (thanks Matt) yes, this is small compared to TAO but  here you can sit/stand without getting elbowed.  you can order a drink within a few minutes of approaching the bar and everyone was very nice.my favorite was the live saxophone player.LAVO is  a nice place to dance if you want to, to "lounge" if you want to, or to just catch up with old friends (you can talk and be able to HEAR one another.. haha i guess if you were talking very loudly).   oh yeah... those long islands are very deceiving, delicious but deadly hehe good times!
5	Five stars because one of their "props" is a white midget guy chained to a very large black lady...she just chills on a couch as he fans her with a giant fan. Best thing I've ever seen at a Vegas club.Music's good, drinks are quick...can get a little crowded, but it's one of the hottest clubs in Vegas...what do you expect?
4	1.75L bottle grey goose, great music, delicious looking waitresses pouring drinks and a nice crowd. Such a fun night!!!!
3	This is for the club portion:- Dark- Expensive- Weak drinks- Small-Stairs and drunk people don't mix- You'll have to scoot on off your seat if somebody wants to buy a bottle. + You can smoke, which is a plus for me+ Coat check man and bathroom lady were very nice+ Everybody else is about as drunk as you are, so who the fuck cares how lame it truly is.
3	This place has so much potential! It's a beautiful, sexy space but there were no people in it. Our group of 10 dropped by Lavo before hitting the Palms because we had free drink vouchers, and we probably made up 80% of the crowd while we were there. It's a small venue (upstairs area), which made it even sadder that it was so empty looking :( We bounced after finishing off our AMFs, but I wouldn't mind giving it another shot the next time I'm in sin city, just to see if it's picked up.
4	VERY fun club with a chill vibe, gorgeous decor and great music. We were there on a Friday night and arrived on the guest list (hookup from a buddy) so we didn't wait in line or pay cover. The walk to the club is almost as much fun as the club itself, with interesting appointments like sinks and bathing beauties (ummm) to fill out the "bath house" theme. Drinks were expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas. We didn't do bottle service and found the non-VIP scene to be much better than at most Vegas clubs. All in all I rate Lavo highly!
3	Aight...So, I gave it three stars only because the nightclub is cool. I like it because it's not a gi-normous club, but also the decor is cool. Since I dig the nightclub I bumped it up from a two to a three star rating. Now, the restaurant, bleh. The food was okay, nothing special. The only thing special about the experience was the service. Servers attire: jeans, a blue gap shirt, apron and chucks. It doesn't get any cooler than that. I wish I could remember our servers name, as she deserves recognition. Unfortunately I can't remember everything we ordered, but hey if it was awesome I would remember. All I know is, everything was over priced for the size of the portions. Some of the items we ordered:  Cuban sliders, roasted chicken, beet salad (I think), a fig flat bread (once again, I think) and of course desert and a couple of bottles of wine. meh...The decor and ambiance is killer, I love it. And gentlemen, take note, girls bathing girls...
3	Food review only ! I'm a fan of Chef Lefebvre - 1st tried his food at the L'orangerie and then i thought he really took it to a new level at Bastide ( though i preferred Chef Giraud's food at Bastide - why can't any restaurant succeed on Melrose Place ?!?! ) I figured his creativity would blossom in Vegas - hmmm, after tonight's meal i'm not sure. The roomie and I enjoyed the restaurant design - nice to see the fireworks across the street at TI , too. Tried a pomegranate lemonade at the bar ( $13 ) - waaay too sweet ! ordered baked clams, caprese salad, the crudo plate ( a Mediterranean sashimi plate ? ) to start. The clams had too much breading and salt, the broth was tasty. The caprese salad - the tomatoes were delicious, the cheese did little to improve the dish and the basil ? what basil - a lone fried leaf in the center of the plate - why ? The crudo -ok, did not care for the salmon but the filet was nice. main entree - roomie had the paella. i went with the sliders, the lamb quesadilla and we shared the wild mushroom pizette. The paella - loved the rice, the seafood was a little dry, the chicken tasted old and the chorizo ? it actually tasted more like pepperoni ! the lamb quesadilla's ? Are you sure it was lamb ? The sliders - bread a little old and way too much sauce. The pizette - the mushrooms were great , a tad too much salt, but overall, full of flavor. We shared the chocolate bread pudding with the leche sauce ( caramel ) and vanilla bean ice cream. the ice cream and sauce were very good. The chocolate bread pudding - looked like two french toast sticks with chocolate chips in them - decent taste but i had a hard time calling it "bread pudding . " I came in with high expectations. Left a little disappointed since i've had some amazing meals created by this Chef. I feel obligated to try this place again.
2	Came here and got a table for a friend's b-day via a promotor's recommendation.  Tried to come again the next night and snooty doorman said our ratio wasn't good enough to let us in (2 guys, 1 girl) and had the audacity to offer us a table (for a mere $400) downstairs in the lounge instead!  Regardless of his opinion of our group (or lack of) ratio, midget promotor with napolean complex didn't have to act like the typical snooty vegas jackass about everything.Still gets 2 stars because table service was beyond excellent.  Staff was extremely helpful and willing.  You do get what you pay for.Oh yea, place was a little small too.  Not very grand at all.
3	Enjoyed my meal and time at Lavo.  Went only because I received $50.00 drink vouchers when I purchased the hotel package, but I'm glad I went.   The food was really good and the service was great.  I'd go back again--even without the drink voucher.
3	We had an event here last night on the top floor and had a blast.  The space is beautiful (as you'd expect) and I like the touches of using towel hangers as decor and the sinks with running water (I hope that's recycled people!).  Fits the theme, but still manages to look elegant.The staff was pretty great, the food was okay.  Once they opened up the doors to the general public however, that was my cue to leave.  I doubt I would wait in line to get in, and I'm iffy as to whether or not I'd come back for dinner.  Beautiful, but not phenomenal.
4	i'd come here again.  that says a lot coming from me.
5	Walking into a restaurant and seeing two hott girls, almost naked in a bath tube rubbing eachother will start anyones night off right!!!! The food was great, the servers were great BUT the hostess were not friendly at all. I stood there for about 5 minutes until they looked up and helped me. I didnt really care that much because our server made up for them. We did a tasting of everything on the menu and everything was unbelievable. You have to come here!
3	Although this review will be completely biased due to the fact that I spent my time at Lavo with my mid-40-year-old uncle, the place displays the typical Vegas fine club/lounging experience in a more upscale environment. The line to get in was nothing like that at Tao only a 5 minute walk away and I would put money on Lavo being just as good of a time as Tao (I wouldn't know how long the wait was though as my uncle is a VIP...I don't ask why). The first floor bar was swarmed with single businessmen and women in their mid-30s. The bartenders were friendly, always offered service, and SUPER cute. The second floor houses the dance floor and DJ area, which I only peaked into as I was not in the dancing mood (as my gin and tonics were starting to hit me and the blackjack tables started to call my name). It seemed like a good time, everyone was dressed well which is something I admire about Vegas - the nightlife scene really values looking good. I like that.
4	Although I was pretty buzzed as hell that night, I was extremely pleased with this new club. Outside of the club, you wouldn't have known how loud and packed it was inside. As we were let in pretty quickly (no lines that night), we were escorted to the second floor of the club where the excitement was happening. Talk about getting the night started...there were two hot chicks working the stage with their lesbian love making scene. The drinks were good and the music was flowing. I had no problem with the music at all. I gave it one less star because the club was a bit small. Overall, I think this club is ultra nice and fun!
3	I highly recommend going to Vegas during the week, any week in the winter months.  No one is there and if you're young and beautiful like me you can most likely get free passes to clubs.  It probably helps also if you're with your physical therapy friends who are 75% women.  Lavo is the new club/lounge/restaurant at the Palazzo.  For those of you who don't speak Latin.. or Spanish, lavo means to clean yourself and that's certainly what I wanted to do after paying 18 dollars for my glass of Hennessy.  You can bet I made sure that glass lasted all night.  I shouldn't complain though, that's pretty much the going rate for any cocktail in a Vegas club.  The best part about this place was the music.  The night we went there was a solid DJ playing all the hits.  Much better than the house lover at XS the night before.  This club is also popular with the older folks.  Or maybe they only come out on weekdays.  Maybe it's like senior discount day at the movies except this is a club.  I dunno.
3	This review is only for the club.Lavo is located inside of the Palazzo which is also connected to the Venetian and the Wynn by a bridge.  It was easy to find because it was right by the main entrance.  I was kind of surprised that there wasn't a line outside, but hey, I'm not complaining.  We got in for free which was awesome, especially since some other people said that they were charging $100 per head for cover.  Anyway, you go in and walk up some stairs so you're on a landing.  Then you walk up some stairs and you're in a hallway.  Then more stairs and you're on another landing (with a woman being fanned by a little person).  Then one more flight of stairs and you're finally inside.  My first impression of the club was "dang, this is small."  It's literally one bar area and one dance floor.  The bar was quick and good, although the drinks that I ordered which are normally shooters came in shot glasses.  I wouldn't have minded so much except that they were $13 each.  Wtf, seriously?? But whatever, it's Vegas.  The dance floor is surrounded by tables which you can reserve and get bottle service, but we were riding free so we just went to the dance floor.  Ok, so I understand the idea of go-go dancers, but is it really necessary to put a giant block in the middle of the dance floor for them to dance on?  It took up a bunch of space and the dancers weren't even up there for most of the night.  There were a few dancers around the sides and also some girls in white sexified toga outfits tickling each other with feathers.  The music was good at first, but then it got pretty bad.  My friend and I went downstairs to sit for a bit and when we came back up, they were playing aerosmith, that brass monkey song, etc.  Not exactly club music.Pros: nicely decorated, good drinks, space to sit downstairsCons: expensive drinks, lackluster music, small dance floor, stairs, stairs, stairs & stairs to get inIt was pretty and overall I would say that it's fun, but I don't think I'll be going back again unless it's free.
3	Very nice ambiance.  Tasty food and drinks.  Good service.  The only damper of the evening was the tight space.  The tables were crammed together and the hostess would seat groups so close together even though there were wide open spaces elsewhere.  There seemed to be no privacy between tables.  I could practically hear the next table's entire conversation and I could even elbow the lady next to me if I wanted to.  After dinner we decided to check out the nightclub upstairs.  TERRIBLE.  It was the smallest club I have ever been to in Vegas.  There was only one bar and an itty bitty tiny dance floor.  At least we didn't have to pay to get in because they stamp your wrist if you dine at the restaurant.  I would try dinner at Lavo again next time I stay at the Palazzo.  However, I doubt I would ever go to their nightclub again.
4	Prior to waiting to go upstairs to the club, we ordered some drinks and got some appetizers at the restaurant/lounge area downstairs of LAVO. This place is located right across from the front desk. We come in and it has that dark loungey feel to it with some Goa type trance music going on. The service was pretty good with a sultry waitress serving us drinks and appetizers. We had a bit of a mix-up because we moved over to another table and the waitress brought our food over to the couple who were sitting across from us at our old table. The couple unknowingly took a bite of our food and we all had a good laugh about it. They were quick to bring us out a new plate of pita chips and dip. The restroom downstairs has the worst sinks in existence. Aesthetically pleasing but lacking in functionality. The water comes from the ceiling and into this giant deep basin. Looks cool but you got to stomp on a pedal to get the water to come down and when it does it splashes all over the place and onto your clothes. The bathroom guy went on a little rant about it. haha. Overall, the lounge/restaurant is not bad.As for the club, I didn't spend too much time in it actually. It was probably a grand total of 5 minutes. We got in, ordered some drinks and got out because we had to head on over to Moon. On the second trip to LAVO that night, it was in and out yet again.I'll update this review in the future for the club.
3	from what i remember, this place was VERY SIMILAR TO TAO... maybe it's because they're by the SAME PEOPLE!! Lavo is a bathhouse sauna themed club and restaurant. i went at 1030 so it was a club by then. from what i remember, as drunk as i was, was that it wasnt anything spectacular. it was NEW and the crowd was wayyyy better than Tao.  a bit older, a bit classier.  the music was so so, and the overall experience was like being in Tao but a bit better.  this is going to be a very short review because i dont remember much of it.... i should practice moderation! :]
4	Had a great time here.I ate at the restaurant and seriously had among the best steak Ive ever had.  The food was pricey but worth it.  The dance floor was a decent size and the sound system was nice and loud but not deafening.  Id be happy to go back.
4	So, so small. Smaller than I expected. I had fun, nonetheless. Mostly because of the DJs they had there. Awesome. They play great music all night, well most of the night.Bartenders, hot! Prices here are crazy ridiculous, even for vegas. I guess thats why they have hot bartenders there, so you can't complain.Overall, if thats their every weekend DJ, I'd come here again.
4	I thought this was supposed to be comparable to Tao, but boy was I wrong.  It's like the malnutritioned second cousin of Tao.Taking all that aside, it's a tiny, tiny club.  The dance floor is half blocked off by platforms for the go go dancers.  So, there really is not much space to groove to.The bar area is pretty awesome.  There are couches lined up all around it.Seriously, if you're a group of girls, you get hooked up.  Free admission, free drink tickets.  Awesome!Maybe it was the alcohol talking, but I liked Lavo a whole lot more than Tao.
3	Honestly, I was not impressed by this place.  It was a pain to get inside of like any other Vegas joint but once you were inside it was a terrible layout.  They have one small dance floor with a go go dancer in the middle.  She was hot but there was no room to dance around.  On the side they have tables and a bar in the middle.  People are crowded around their table so you can't make your way to the bar.  They also have one main hallway between the two areas and it backs up.  But they always have people telling you to move, but you have no where to go.  I will make sure not to come back.  Their bar downstairs was nice and a lot more relaxed.  Actually had interesting conversation with some beautiful women down there.
4	im torn on whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars..it wasn't what i expected... i thought it would be bigger but the dance area was relatively small and i felt a bit claustrophobic...BUT... then I went downstairs... and apparently after the restaurant closes, you are allowed to sit at the tables and just order drinks and hookah.yes.. the hookah is expensive and i have no intentions of ever hookah-ing there... but it was nice to have a place to sit down and rest and relax... plus, they made some super stiff drinks ... which were actually quite reasonably-priced!!!  we also ventured outside to get some fresh air and the patio area provided a new view of the strip.. which is always a plus in my book.overall, i wasn't that impressed with the dance area but I really did like their decor and the downstairs/patio area... so i guess i will bump LAVO up to 4 stars...
2	Not sure if I missed something or if I wasn't fully prepared for what I was in for but, I didn't love this place. I really am normally drunk enough that I don't notice random strangeness. But, this was far more then that or maybe I needed more drinks? We came here after a great dinner at SushiSamba and I was so excited to check this place out hearing so much about it. We walked in and loved the decor going up to the club area. But, it took a quick turn for the worse. Not even 30 seconds in this place we spot a little person dressed in a unique costume - he was wearing a collar and a leash that was attached to the bull nose ring on a very large woman. I looked at my girlfriends and we all had the "WTF?" look on our face. We exited stage left 30 seconds later!
5	4.5 StarsSo a friend of a friends knows a friend who promotes here...LOL. I had 3 other sexy ladies with me so getting inside was not a problem. I even had a temporary paper picture ID from the DMV and the security didn't give me any hassle about it! YAY =) My friends and I had a great time here. They allow you to smoke indoor so I guess that was a plus for my girlfriend who smokes. I could care less...The interior is just beautiful. I love their bathrooms too. The music was great but the dancefloor is just a bit small. This is definitely another vegas club I would go to again.
4	This review will definitely be in 2 parts since I have now eaten at the restaurant and been to the nightclub. So, lets start off with the restaruant. I think the food here is very very good. I think its even better than Tao. The chef here has done a good job of creating a menu that, while small, offers some interesting and intriguing options. Both times that I have dined here, I had some very tasty dishes. My favorite so far has been the sliders (which were very good), the Ludo's Crudos (a selection of fresh raw fish) and finally the Lamb Shank Quesadilla (which is superb). They may be small dishes, tapas style, but they are very filling and good. The decor of the restaurant is Turkish bathhouse like, but dark and intimate feeling. The music is ultra cool and very sexy downstairs in the restaurant and sets the mood accordingly. Absolutely one of my new favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.Ok...now lets talk about the nightclub. First thing you notice...its tiny. I definitely look at it like more of an ultra lounge type of place, but its a nighclub so you have to take it as such. The bartenders are very cool. I have met a couple of them and they really were very friendly and accomodating. The dancefloor area isnt the biggest so its very crowded with its packed in this joint. They have a couple of nice VIP couches surrounding the dance floor for premium viewing. There is also a bigger VIP elevated area in the back of the club with alot more area. The sound system in LAVO is incredible. Very clear quality and thou loud it doesnt sound overbearing at all. And of course...the crowd. I must say that the couple of times that I have been to this place, the crowd has been pretty good. Saw some good looking ladies in deed.NOTE: Had a definitely Nathan Hearns experience here. And for people that know me, its so to a tee. LOL. Only I could be given a big "F@#$ You" by Alan Thicke (yep...the dad of Robin & yes "Mr. Seaver" from "Growing Pains") in the bathroom for having on a piece of my clothing line that says "F@#$ You Hollywood" on it. LOL
4	oh lavo... i'm sorry that i judged you so quickly.me and my friends were staying at the palazzo this past weekend and i had already put us on the guest list with a lavo promoter prior to our arrival...just in case we did want to check out this club at some point during our stay...anyways promoter called me the day of to make sure we were coming and told us that itd be open bar for girls from 11-12. free drinks? yes please. we definitely worked that into our itinerary. we arrived around 10:45 and my first thought was "oh god i  knew this place was going to bad" -- there was about 5 people on the dance floor, and i was ready to leave. but we wanted to get our free drinks atleast...so once it hit 11pm we chilled by the bar area and threw back drinks for about 15 minutes and all of a sudden the club was PACKEDthe music turned out to be great (hip hop if you're into that) which actually made us stay and dance fora while. so we ended up having a great time here but still left around 1 to head to tao-- but  its definitely a pretty decent club! the interior isn't as lavish or decorated as other clubs like tryst/tao so if you're into that then don't plan on coming here. supposedly they have open bar (only vodka) every weekend for the ladies so take advantage of that if you're stayin at the palazzo & then head elsewhere..
3	Went to Lavo for dinner a couple of days ago. The food was so so. The salads were pretty small and the crudos plate, which was like sashimi in some kind of oily sauce, was far from amazing. One of my friends ordered pasta which tasted the best of all our entrees. We also ordered wine, which for some reason was served in drinking glasses. I guess they ran out of wine glasses. The atmosphere,  however, was great. Nice bar and great decorations.. Check out the bathroom too. After dinner, we went to the club upstairs.. It was quite small but not too crowded. Although it doesn't compare to its counterpart Tao, Lavo had good music, friendly bartenders and a decent crowd.
2	Ludo's out.
4	Touche, Venetian...Touche.I was impressed with Lavo. It was an interesting decor walking up with floating Tuscan sinks trickling water and crystalline beads all around...and then getting into what can only be described as a Moroccan meets Greek UltraLounge. I was amazed at how much seating there was. Finally, a club that understands you shouldn't have to pay hundreds of dollars for a VIP booth in order to be comfortable! The music was popping, and the scene was fresh...It got crowded quick after 11, and I was having a great time on the dance floor...The drinks were a little much (12 dollar shots of Jager? Please.) But this is Lavo; the "IT" Venetian club on the week days...Its in a prime hotel, in a prime location...of course it'll cost a couple green ones. Check it out if you're in the 21-30 age group...
4	There's not a whole lot of negative things I could say about Lavo, so I'll stick with the positives. - No cover thanks to the glamour and charm of a couple lovely ladies - The casual lounge downstairs is separated from the dance floor upstairs by a staircase linked with dozens of mesmeric floating sinks. - A comfy bench that wraps around the bar area, providing plenty of seating space. - The Greek bathhouse theme works.  The bars, bathrooms, and floors all put you inside an ancient Greek bathhouse party. - Great music, awesome dance floor.One neg i can think of is the scantily dressed bartenders scavenging the dance floors looking to sell shots to lonely men in need of attention.  BOO for taking advantage.Sure, the drinks are pricey, but you're in Vegas, and this is the place to be on those "low key" week nights.
4	Thought we'd end our Vegas trip with a BANG! and decided we'd get a table here at Lavo despite all the negative reviews we heard from people. Unlike Tao, the door was very well organized, the people who work here looked very calm and collected. We did not have to play the "look for the bouncer" game this time. We were immediately set aside and shown to our table. The cool thing about table service here is that they have these (ingenious!) cubbies where you can place all your personal items within your table's proximity so that you do not have to worry about (ahem!) losing your stuff during the night. The service was absolutely impeccable, our waitress was always around, and there was a great ratio of men to women. We all had a great time and would be happy to come back! The space is really nice, and was completely packed! We were slightly put off by these two women who were hired to grope each other all night in skimpy outfits. They also had a woman security person standing by at all times. Was a bit shocking even for me and I grew up in the Carnaval center of the world (Brazil)! I said it before and I'll say it again-- New York is not nearly as wild as Vegas is!!!
2	Terrible DJ mixing rap and bad 80s music to a packed, small house. Dancers were intertaining, but we split quick due to music.
3	They changed their menus around a week ago from tapas to traditional sit-down steak/pasta dinners. The lobster pizza was really good, and the service is really quick. It's very pricey though. $32 for the lobster pizza.
4	Lavo is a nice Italian food inspired restaurant where the price is right and interior design is sleek and modern. Nice outdoor balcony dining on the strip with nice views to the Treasure Islands pirate bikini show. :) Food was not mindblowing but good and dining outside when the weather permits works great in Lavo's nice location and setting. Wine list was great for Italian wine fans like me. Service was bit blunt and arrogant but when dining in good company with good food and wine, it's secondary - I'm European yes. I would think this place is also kids friendly. Petit stake I enjoyed was fantastic!PS. owners/managers - the idea with the sink in the restroom is not designed correctly. Go to Mecca in Helsinki, Finland to see how you make "exceptional handwash" experience :-)
3	I'm kinda meh about Lavo.  My gals and I got gussied up our first full night in Vegas and got on a list for Lavo.  All the list meant was no cover and free vodka drinks till 1130pm.  Not a bad deal at all.  But the place was PACKED.  I might sound like an old coot when I say this, but I HATE overly full clubs.  It's so unnecessary.  There was NO seating unless you paid for that seat.  Also unnecessary, the two chicks strategically placed at the top of the stairs who's sole job is to writhe and wriggle on top of each other like new, reluctant lesbians.  Is this supposed to be a turn on?  Cause all I thought was "How do you list this job on a resume?"The highlight of the night came when Sam manuvered us to the front of the dance floor and into prime real estate.  Space to move and breathe abounded AND there was a stage to dance on!  Now you're talking!  I spent the better part of the next 90 minutes doing my own wriggling and writhing (lesbian-free) on said stage.  The music took a turn for the lame (see house music remixes) the later the night went on, so we took our leave sometime then.  All in all, a fun time.  Although I'm still trying to figure out why they bill themselves as a bathhouse (get it?  Lavo...Lavotory?  Spelling aside of course)
4	Good place for a drink.  The staff was a little over the top sexy... not for kids, but they were extremely nice..  The outside seating was fun and a great place to start or end the night.  We didn't try the food, but it looked good.
3	The lounge is nice, the security is nice for the most part and the hosts were nice. We got there relatively early and the place was a bit empty. They let you sit on people's tables if they're not filled up or reserved yet. But once they do, they'll kick you out. The place was incredibly crowded, but unlike Tao the crowd was good. Good mixture of different types of people and no one seemed like a douche. The music that night was absolutely outstanding, I loved it. It was probably the best place for music that I've been to in Vegas (been to Tryst, Tao, Jet, Christian Audinger, Pure, Bank, and Studio 54 so take my review for what it's worth, there are plenty of other places).  My favorite places so far have been Lavo and Jet. Probably the first two places I'd want to go again when I come back. It just got too crowded after a while and had to leave because there was no room to dance or do anything. But it's definitely a nice starter place to go to.
4	Interestingly enough we actually enjoyed our stay at Lavo. My friend, Anne, and I just finished watching Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian and they gave us complimentary drinks at Lavo. Niiice. I love free drinks but neither one of us has ever been to that place. It was a pleasant surprise that Lavo's interior is stunning! We adored the lighting, the Moroccan decor and even the coziness of the place. A perfect place to talk about the Phantom! We got our drinks, Midori Sour (yummy!) for both of us and sat at one of the comfy sofas while waiting for our hubbies. By the way, drinks are $11 to $13 for specialty drinks. Normal for Vegas standards.We didn't wanna leave so we persuaded our hubbies to stay for dinner and boy did we made the right decision. The Kobe beef appetizer was divine but I fell in love with Heirloom(?) tomato salad. The prices was a bit steep but we expected it from a restaurant such as this one. Plus the fact that we're from the Bay Area where everything is overpriced, this is priced just right for us. Their appetizers run from $15 to $22, not bad since the ones we got are big enough to be shared by four, as long as you treat it as an appetizer and not the entree. The entrees came and I love love love my Veal Parmegiana (photos uploaded). I think it's priced around $28. Not bad since it's HUGE! Hubby ordered Seafood linguine ($22) which was just ok. A little on the salty side for my taste but hubby liked it. Huge serving again by the way. Anne's hubby ordered Lobster Risotto and it was just ok too and Anne got the Salmon with artichokes. I forgot the names but I tasted hers and I liked it too. Expect to pay around $22 to $35 for the entrees.Our server is super nice. He was attentive and light hearted. He was able to answer all our questions and his suggestions were sound. We're not what you call upscale clientele but he made us feel that way. Unless of course he though we were because we were pretty that night. Hehe just kidding! There was also a guy going around asking people if we want to join the dance club upstairs. He said there won't be any cover charge since we already had our dinner there. Smart guy. He also stamped our wrists already so we won't have to fall in line. Purrrfect!Ok here comes the bad. The dance club is baaad in my opinion. The hall on the way there is amazing but the actual dance floor is so disappointing! Even the music is BAD! It was crowded at 11pm but nobody was dancing. It only took us a second to wonder why. Everybody was asking for numbers and guys hawking to hook up. WTH? This is dance club people!I'm giving Lavo the benefit of the doubt, maybe we came at wrong night. We were out of there in less than 5 minutes.Instead we spent another couple of hours at  their lounge area outside. We enjoyed it there immensely. Just chatting, people watching and having smokes. It was the perfect end to a really nice day.Will we come back to Lavo? Definitely. Check out the photos we uploaded.
5	My friend and I went here after we couldn't get through the mob at Tao. Beautiful place - 1st floor bar & outdoor patio, 2nd floor overlooks the 1st floor, and the 3rd level is the dance floor.
4	-----------------
3	"Shawty got low low low low...."*15 minutes later*"Shawty got low low low low..."Am I just drunk or did they play the same song 15 minutes later?? I kind of got tired of going low to the same song. Isn't there 328739 other songs out there that have "low" in the lyrics?Despite the DJ playing the same 10 songs throughout the entire night  (I love Lady GaGa too but I want to dance to something else!!), I had a good time! The drinks were "normal" Vegas/Hollywood prices. I went on the Thursday of Memorial Day weekend so it wasn't ridiculously packed BUT that also meant the crowd wasn't as hot. They were below average looking but we all had a good time!!
3	-- decor:  chic modern, just what you'd expect for a fine dining restaurant in a major casino/hotel in LV. -- service: good just as expected-- food:  I ordered the Veal w/ salad and friends ordered seafood risotto and various other dishes. --- overall food and service + decor are 4.5 stars, the pricing brings it down to a 3 star for the value evaluation. One more thing, though we specifically requested our bill to be separate (came in way late, and ordered separately from other group of friends). They still made it difficult by grouping the billing together, so that we had to calculate out our portion...   the reason, 20% tip automatic!!
4	Great ambiance. Great people. Great time.We were there mid-March for a wine tasting. It was a little early into a Thursday night, but fun nonetheless. These guys have a nice little patio overlooking the strip.I would recommend Lavo for a warm-up drink, matched w/ a good cigar.
3	This club was actually alright, and I think had my friends and I been in a better mood, it would have been a great place to party it up at. We had just suffered horribly from our experiences at TAO, and was trying to salvage the night, so we went here.The club is chic, and I liked the decor very much. My only complaint would be the amount of stairs that I had to climb to get to the main club/dance floor, but that wasn't TOO bad. The music choices were good, and people were much friendlier than TAO. These all lifted my spirits. The floor was packed, but what would you expect on a Saturday night?My gripes with the club would just be the space (the dance floor and club area is tiny), and the lack of dividers between VIP and everyone else. I think all clubs should take a page from PURE, and section off the VIP areas so not just anyone can go and sit in there, and so there would feel like there was a difference for ppl who pay for the extra space vs ppl who did not.
3	went to Lavo on saturday and it seem'd to be a more older crowd....around 30+ in age.  I had fun didn't remember much because i got too drunk, but i did have fun.  It was really crowded inside, hot, sweaty people all over the place.  whats up with the sinks when you walk out....no towels? no soap? just running water?? haha
3	This review is for the restaurant, not the club. After talking to our concierge at Encore, we decided to try Lavo. It was 7:45 and she said she'd call over for an 8:00 reservation, which I didn't think was necessary on a Thursday night, but I'm glad she did. When we showed up, the place was 75% full, and by 9:00, it was packed. The dining room is very cool - dark and sexy, with thumping house music, as you'd expect from a restaurant/nightclub from the TAO people. Service was just okay - our server seemed bummed when we told her we weren't having any drinks, and when we told her we needed a couple more minutes to look at the menu, she disappeared for about 20 minutes. She got nicer as the night went on, though. We shared the baked clams oreganato to start. At the same time, they brought out an entire loaf of garlic bread with marinara sauce to dip. We noticed that they always wait to bring this complimentary garlic bread until after you order - probably because it's HUGE and you'd order way less if you knew you were getting this. The clams and garlic bread were very good. Then we had the caprese salad, which was very nice, although personally I could have done without the green tomatoes. For entrees, we split the veal milanese and the pasta with vodka sauce. The veal was just okay, but the pasta was delicious. Word of warning: the portions here are ENORMOUS. We overheard the waiter telling another couple that when Ludovic Lefebvre was chef and they served Mediterranean small plates, people were all complaining about the tiny portions. So now they so overcompensated with these obscenely ginormous portions that it's really wasteful. They should tell you about the portion sizes before you order. We left over half the veal uneaten. So just know, if you dine here, that one app or salad and one entree are perfectly enough for two to share. Prices are reasonable to begin with, but when you see the portions and that you could share, it really becomes quite inexpensive. For good but not exceptional Italian in a very hip vibe, head to Lavo (especially if you want access to the club, which I hear is quite nice).
2	The only reason we came here that night was because the line for XS was insane and cover went up to $150 for guys.Since we were staying at the Palazzo, we had free passes to Lavo.  Man, it definitely wasn't even worth the (albeit short) time in line.  It was packed inside -- like sardines!  And geezus, whoever was "DJ'ing"...Pandora could have done a better job.  Yea, that's right!  I really expected better DJ'ing over Memorial Day weekend....but it was stop and go, stop and go...horrible.  But if you really like choppy/bad transitions between some classic 80s rock tunes, this is your place.Lavo's dance floor was TINY and the ceiling was really low, so this place overheated fast.  They don't offer tap water at the bar either...only Voss bottled water for $6 (think 8 oz)...RIDICULOUS.  I have no idea how this could possibly be advertised to be on par with Tao.  The crowd had a very high male ratio as well (gee I wonder why).  Definitely will not be coming back for sure.
4	----------------------
1	The only reason we came to check out this place was because it was in The Pallazo where we were staying.  We were assured by the Casino host that we'd get in no line, no cover.  He instructed us to ask for Fred or Jeff, whatever his name was.  First off there is NO guest list line, there is only a General Admission line and Bottle Service Line.  There were only about 10 people in line anyhow.  So when we got to the front of the line we were met by this Jeff/Fred guy.  We politely told him that our host had called and put us on the list.  He tells us no, I don't see your name.  We then show him the card of the casino host thinking he might jog his memory.  Jeff/Fred says we have no idea who that is.  My friend was getting agitated not by the fact that we had to pay cover for this crappy place that looked dead on a Saturday, but by the fact that this guy was acting like your typical nobody doorman that thinks he's somebody.  Anyhow, we said screw it we'll pay for the cover.  No point wasting our time trying to sort things out.  The  Jeff/Fred doucebag then tells us that my friend can't come in because he's drunk.  Me and my friend drink all the time and I know when he's "drunk".  He was not drunk.  My theory is the guy just couldn't handle our we don't give a damn and we're not gonna kiss your ass attitude.  Get a life man.  We weren't dying to get in to Lavo.  You had 10 people in line on a Saturday night @ 12am!  Could your poor attitude and customer service skills be the reason.  Hope you're management is paying attention to this post.  The clincher to this is after we partied elsewhere and got back to our rooms my friend had a voicemail on his phone from the casino host confirming that everything was all good and that he spoke to this Jeff/Fred guy confirming our that we'd get in.
4	I am a huge fan of Lavo. We went on a Sunday night which is supposedly their best night, and had so much fun! A lot of these clubs that we went to were playing this trance crap but not Lavo. Their music was right up our ally. When I'm in a club I like rap music. Give it to me dirty and with heavy beats; I'll be THAT girl on the dance floor throwing her hair around, shaking it like a salt shaker while gettin' low. Awwww yah. It's a pretty small venue so if you're looking for something grand, you're much more likely to enjoy XS or Tryst.
4	------------
3	My review is of the nightclub, not the restaurant.I would really give this place 3.5. I was fortunate enough to get on the guestlist via napkin nights. Although, the downside was that my friends weren't on and had to pay cover. The line was already long and I had noticed there wasn't a line for guestlist so what I did was walk up to one of the "hosts" and asked them about if I had to wait in the line and he was really cool and said we could cut the line since I was guestlisted.Okay so what you people really care about: yes, the club is very very tight (as in small) and you have to go up A LOT of stairs just to get there. I don't even know where the men's bathroom is. It isn't obvious, I'll tell ya that!. Music was alright, at times it got a bit repetitive and old but picked up. Thank god Wayne Brady was there to catch our attention while the crap music was playing. Good crowd but super small dance floor.Notes:Cover on a Sunday: 20 bucks (free if you guestlist). Pretty crowded despite it being a Sunday night. Just talk to the dudes at the door. The one I talked with was pretty cool. You just gotta talk to the right one (and no I did not slip him a bill or two.) So there are decent and good bouncers out there! Good Music, good looking chicks, Happy Fella.
4	This is a review for Lavo as a nightclub:Sooo we basically snuck into Lavo via the door closest to the front desk of the Palazzo lobby. I'm not sure how or why there was no bouncer at the door, but wooohoooooo for no cover! I'd stopped by here in the daytime for drinks before on previous visits to Vegas, but this past trip was my 1st time coming to indulge in its nightlife scene. Bottomline is that we got what we were looking for, loved the decor + had a good time, but I'll probably try other nighttime hotspots on the strip before coming back again. Check out my photos of the place!   =)Location - It's on the right side from the front doors of the Palazzo, across from the front desk. Easy to find + so there's no need to wind around the casino searching for it. If you're walking to it from the strip, there's outer awnings with LAVO printed right on it. Parking - As with every casino, Palazzo has it's own free multi-level garage at the back. They have an entrance from Las Vegas Blvd or on Sands Ave. Venue - A bit on the smaller side but very nicely themed dark, Mediterranean decor. Downstairs there's a full bar w/ an ample seating lounge area of couches + cushions. Then upstairs you'll pass by some decorative urns as well as a hallway of water basins that actually have running water in them. This leads to even more stairs (thank goodness for handrails...), at the top of which is another bar + finally the dance floor. This bar has more comfy seating around the wall + is far enough away to have a decent conversation away from the music. The dance floor is on the small side + is surrounded by the special reserved tables. The bouncers try to barricade the tables from the floor by using those velvet ropes, which only leads to people running into them because the dance floor is so packed... not very efficient. There's a stage at the back wall of the floor + a slightly tacky disco ball that hangs on the ceiling above it. Cleanliness - No problems here, but then again it's so dark that it would have been difficult to tell anyways. At one point in the night I did see employees wiping a spilled drink at the edge of the dance floor, but other than that, I take this as a good sign. Crowd - We went on a weekday so the only part of the club that was packed was the dance floor, where everyone seemed to be having a good time. The crowd was young + fairly diverse on multiple levels. Not too many older or creepy people. Music - They played different music downstairs + upstairs, the latter of which was a bit too much on the loud side for my taste. Anytime where it's kinda difficult to have a conversation with a friend right next to me can't be good for the ear drums. It was your typical top-40's music, danceable but not too memorable for being either awesome or bad... just loud.Bar - As previously mentioned, there 2 large bars: 1 upstairs + 1 downstairs. As it wasn't too crowded on this weeknight, there was no problem getting the attention of the bartenders, who were quick + attractive as well as attentive. During our last round of drinks, I asked for mine on the lighter side + the bartender complied while saying that she added extra into my friend's drink to be fair. Nicely done; she got a good tip. Drinks - This is Vegas so of course the drinks are expensive. Everything we ordered was about $10-$15 before tip, but the drinks were stiff + as mentioned, they came quickly.  Bathroom - I'm not sure about the downstairs, but there is a nice bathroom upstairs between the walkway of the dance floor + the bar. The bouncers stand around there + flash their flashlights to clear the area so you don't have to fight the crowd to do what you gotta do.Price - Cover on the weeknight we went is $20, but since we snuck in, we paid nada, muahaha. If you stay at the Palazzo, you get complimentary entry into Lavo as well. There is also a guestlist, which can get you in free, but you have to either know a promoter or get friendly with a bouncer. The club is open until the wee hours around 4am, but they stop letting people in soon after midnight.
1	It was supposed to be "Rock N' Roll" Thursday and got free cover for being a hotel guest. It was dead. Absolutely 100% dead. They were playing "Mr. Brightside" which is a.) Not rock and roll and b.) Not dancing music except for the few drunk girls lurching around the dance floor. And then I left. The End.
3	This review is for the restaurant, not the nightclub. Our second night in Vegas and I'm in the mood for some Italian. The first thing I thought of was Lavo, because I had heard they recently opened and are from the same people who brought us Tao. Wasn't really sure what to expect food-wise, but I figured we might as well try it. First, the atmosphere: definitely a club first and a restaurant second. A DJ stood ready off to the side of the bar area, which was obviously going to be the dance floor once they got all the tables out of the way. The decor is like a combination of an old Mediterranean villa and a NYC nightclub. One thing that struck me as funny was what the waiters were wearing -- White shirt with an open collar, apron, and black suspenders. It looked like that scene in Godfather when Clemenza was teaching Michael how to make sauce, because everyone in the room was dressed like Clemenza. Anyway, on to the food...Appetizer: I had a giant Caesar salad, which was really enough for two or three people. I only ate about a quarter of it, but it was good. My friend had their signature rice ball, stuffed with Kobe beef. I tried a little bit of it and it was absolutely superb. Ridiculously good. Main Course: Rigatoni Melanzane (rigatoni pasta with eggplant). Pretty good, but nothing special. I've had the same type of dish at many other Italian places before, and, honestly, it's not the best I've ever had. But not the worst.Dessert: Chocolate Bread Pudding. I can say without a doubt that this might be the best dessert I have ever had. Rich, thick bread pudding that looked almost like strips of French toast, infused with chocolate and drizzled with butterscotch. Wow. That dessert really made the whole dinner worthwhile.  So all in all, not the best Italian place I've ever been to, but the service was quick, the people were nice, and the decor was nice, if not a little amusing. Maybe next time I'll go back and see how the club is.
4	We ate at the restaurant and made a short stop at the club.  The food was really yummy and the prices seemed reasonable for Vegas (maybe that's because I had just returned from living in over-priced SF for four months).  There were about 8 of us and most of us ordered various pastas.  One of my friends had the steak and she seemed to enjoy it.Our waiter was really fun and he made sure my friend (who was having her bachelorette party) had a great time.  After a filling dinner, we headed upstairs to the club.  It's kind of weird that there are little faucets on the bridge part before you enter the club.  My hands were not that clean from dinner so I washed them there. Haha, I'm sure that's not why they put them their but that's ok. My friends wanted to leave the club after 10 minutes but I was having a good time.  Oh well, maybe next time.  It was really small and extremely crowded.
4	this place was poppin on sunday night! wasnt too crowded, the music was bummmpinn and i had a great time! yay to open bar bracelets and fast bartenders! respects to michael.
3	I've only been here once and only for the food and drink, but I'm not much of a club kid.  I went here with a friend, without a reservation, and in jeans and a top.  Not dressy by any means, but then again, we were WAY too early for the club scene and we didn't eat inside the restaurant.  We sat at the bar, watched the game, and chatted up about what was going on in our lives.  We decided to order some appetizers to go with our cocktails, as neither one of us was super hungry.  Well....Being a resident of the great Sin City, I scoff at these over priced restaurants that reside on the Strip.  I try, like every other local, to avoid the Strip as much as possible.  But on the odd occasion that finds me inside a mega hotel, I bite the bullet and pay the price - literally.We ordered the mozzarella balls (yes, balls not sticks) and the Kobe beef ball.  Come to think of it, I see a pattern forming here, but I digress...While the food was excellent (dish #1 was 3 mozzarella balls deep fried with a marinara sauce and a watercress salad - dish #2 was 1 rice and peas shaped ball filled with ground beef - Kobe, I think not tho- fried to a crisp), it was hardly worth $22 each dish.  They are appetizers, true, but at that rate, I wouldn't be able to afford dinner.We ate in happy fashion, watched the game du jour, and merrily drank our over priced martinis.  After the food though, we booked it, as we noticed the line forming and the club crowd gathering.  Would I go again?  Probably not...
5	The food has been fantastic since they switched the menu to Italian.  Very knowledgable staff and food was expedited quickly.  They gave us a stamp to enter the nightclub for free.  We walked right up to the bar and had a cocktail before dancing the night away.  Very intimate and sensual decor.  Loved every minute!
3	as a club, this place is more like a lounge. pretty cool tho if u dont want the big crowd, which often i dont. music was fine, eye candy is fine, outdoor seating is BEAUUUUUTIFUL!!! i would love to have dinner outside. I did try this roll they had on the appetizer menu, and it was really good.this is a chill spot, not a CRAZY VEGAS CLUB. lol this is good if ur not into clubs, but u like to drink. like i said its like a lounge. best outdoor seating in vegas!
1	Straight up, this place sucks.. Sure the decor is kind of unique with the sinks lining the pathway in.. sure it's nice to see such lovely female scenery on the stairs as you enter the club.. and of course, it's always nice when the ladies in your group get hooked up with free alcohol and pass on to the guys..BUT DAMN.. none of that can make up for the amount of DICKERY that the security guards have when corralling you and suffocating you on the tiny dance floor.. Seriously, we couldn't stand anywhere, unless of course it was in the mass of sweaty, stinking, rhythmically challenged bodies.. To top it off, they played the typical top 40 hits with nothing else really worthwhile..And on top of that, I had to fork over 20 hard earned dollars.. whaaaat??
3	This review is not for dinner just the club upstairs. We came with a group of 6, and mostly guys so they made us get bottle service which was fine. It was $400 total with tax and gratuity. Megan was our host and she was awesome. Super friendly and completely there for us all night. The decor is like a turkish bathhouse/moroccan which was fun. The club itself is very small and is usually so overcrowded. This night Telemundo had an event and they playes Latin all night which is my favorite so I was pretty happy with the music. All around friendly place but it isnt my first club of choice. Just too small. If you dont want much of a hassle, low cover costs, come here and have a pretty good time.
3	Review for the club:Open bar from 11-12 with wristband...Michael Jackson medley for about 30 minutes....dance floor an ok size but still pretty packed...this place is a definite pre-party spot do not recommend for rockstar types....Also many sinks to wash your hands in from the entrance of the club to the bathroom ..no im not kidding....that is all
4	CLUB: Although I hear the food is great I have yet to make it to the restaurant. The club is "cozy" a little smaller than your average Vegas club and always packed. Love the decoration, great ambiance and good music. Bottle service is attentive and I like that they keep the water bottles stocked at the tables because a Vegas local shouldn't be drinking themselves into oblivion every time he/she goes out. Sunday night is a fun night to go.
4	This review is strictly for the restaurant. Came here on a Thursday night for pre-party cocktails and appetizers. The decor was sexy and the staff was on point. We had the Kobe Stuffed Rice Balls (CRAZY GOOD), calamari and Caccitore Pizza with fresh Parmesan cheese:) The complimentary garlic bread with/marinara was also delish! For our group this was just enough food to coat the stomach before a night full of drinking. Would definitely like to check this place out a "little" bit earlier in the evening for a full dinner.
4	we went to the restaurant and the club, so i'll review both. love, love, LOVED the restaurant!! i was a little nervous after reading all the reviews but we were so happy with everything. the decor is stunning. i went with a party of 4 girls and it was fantastic. we had reservations at 8, and they kept us waiting at the bar until 8:40 or so, so we got a free round of drinks - we'll take it. got sat and ordered a pretty cheap bottle of wine (for vegas especially). delicious garlic bread!! i ordered the tuna tartar - AMAZING!!! it had tuna and avocado with an amazing cilantro lime sauce. so refreshing and delish. then me and my friend split the salmon - herb crusted with some sort of zucchini salad. so yummy. my friends enjoyed their meals too - one ordered penne vodka and the other ordered... um... well i had a bottle of wine so i forgot. so yummy. they came around and stamped our wrists and then we went outside to go upstairs. there was a long line but i guess we said the magic words because we were let into the club first. we could sit anywhere until that table was claimed, so we camped out at a sweet table for 2 hours til we decided to leave. the club became super packed and played pretty good music. i wasn't blown away by the club, but i think that had to with my company and not the club itself. loved the bathrooms. and loved the decor! 4 stars for you, lavo. i will definitely come back for that tartar.
2	We went here for drinks with the girls...we got some of those free passes and we figured we might as well check it out our first night since we were planning on heading to Tao our second night.  The good part is that we got in fairly quickly...didn't have to wait in line or pay (helps to be an all-girl group).  The bad part however...We stayed mainly in the lounge area and not really the club part, but for a lounge they sure make it hard to get a drink!  We were standing around the bar area for a while, and finally got a drink after some guy offered to get us drinks (thanks random guy!).  When I went back to get some more, the bartender basically ignored me and filled all of the servers' orders first.  I got tired of waiting and went back to our seats but servers were nowhere to be found to take our order either.  Finally saw one of those chicks selling cocktails and got 3 shooters for 6 bucks each, they were pretty bad, but at least we got some alcohol in our system.Finally left since we were bored, I was nowhere near buzzed, and my friend was getting hungry.  I probably won't go back to this place...with or without the girls.
4	This review is for the nightclub. Had an AWESOME time here! Came last Sat. with a group of friends. The guys in our group got a table which was awesome. We even had male escorts to the bathroom (which the guys made me promise I'd take advantage of, it was hilarious!) We had a bunch of my sorority sisters join us sometime into the night, and the security guards were awesome about it, we just told them the name of our table and my girlfriends got in right away! And there was free drinks for ladies w/wristband from 11-12 which worked out well, though it was only well vodka, but mixed with sour mix and soda I can hardly tell the difference. Somewhere along the way my girlfriends and I found ourselves dancing on ledges. They must have been serving up some pretty strong drinks! Can't remember the last time I had this much fun!
1	A definite must NOT visit while in Las Vegas. It touts itself as a restaurant; however, the dining room is filled with super-loud dance music and non-diners using your table space as an extension of the dance floor. The service is less than attentive, very inconsistent and includes bringing all 4 courses at once.  Additionally, the food, namely pasta and seafood is not fresh. That recognizable sweet smell of old seafood was very prominent and coupled with penne pasta reminiscent of soggy cardboard made for an unappealing dish , but when coupled with a bastardized attempt at Alfredo sauce was the deal breaker.  Don't expect the service personnel to recognize your discontentment or the manager to know what to do. I was proposed the proverbial question from a rookie manager "what would you like me to do?". At that point, the check and a quick exit made me happiest.
1	When the only thing good about the club happens before you actually get in the club, it deserves one star.Got in free with no wait thanks to the awesome Korean gentleman at the door.  Right before you walk in there are two chicas in partial clothing that are feathering each other...pretty hot except they didn't seem too into it.  What an awesome job though!The guy bartender took exceptionally long getting us our drinks so that surely started us off with good impressions.  We made our way to the dance floor which was pretty crowded.  Normally I enjoy a lot of people on the dance floor but I soon realized it was just because it was small.  No matter where you were, you had to constantly pause and get out of the way for a train of people trying to walk through.The worst part was the DJ.  Jesus.  When we first got there he was playing some good club music but eventually rolled over into some rock n' roll.  I get it if you wanna loop in a song or two but this fool played about 8 'rock' songs in a row and trust me, I love to rock, but when you're at a club you wanna hear some ass-shakin' music...duh!  Besides of which, they were mostly nameless one-hit wonders and I think "Sweet Child of Mine."  Once his rock n' roll phase was finished he go into some better dancing songs BUT THEN he started playing the same songs that he had played less than 30 minutes before!!  I think I counted 4 or 5 that I heard twice in the couple hours that we were there.  All I'm saying is that when you're hired as a professional DJ at a club in Vegas you should be prepared and have some originality. Once we made the good decision to leave, we headed to an extensively better experience at V Bar...
2	Only speaking of the club: whenever I go here we get in free and last time we got free drink bands.  But even though we didn't have to drop a dime, we never stay for more than 30 minutes.  The bartenders are rude.  The dance floor is tiny.  The crowd was ok.  Decor is really nice.  But there's nothing about this club to keep you wanting to stay around.  Especially considering all the other clubs in close proximity.  I think they try to lure the hotel guests in order for this place to gain exposure.
3	Club review:  Worth it if you don' pay for it.We got in courtesy of a friend, and ended up w/ bottle service for only $20 for our group.  WOWSERS, what a deal, and we ended up tipping our server 80.  anyhoo, the bathroom was nice, and the attendant was SUPER friendly.  dj was a bit whack - like he had ADD while mixing it up.  I have to admit, the walk way getting into the night club was fun - there was a row of spouts with water coming out...so cool!  A lot of folks were filing out by 2 am, so enjoy the momentary lapse of good times, b/c it's fleeting.
3	cool spot, nice decor! descent music, ok staff.
5	**RESTAURANT REVIEW ONLY**I met a promoter on Facebook who offered to comp me a free dinner for me and a group of my girlfriends for my birthday. Of course, I was thrilled and could not pass up an offer to eat at a fine Italian restaurant on the Strip. Two of my girls, my mom, and me arrived at Lavo and it was *packed* for a Tuesday night! I heard it was "Industry Night", so that could have been the main reason. The main restaurant is part of the nightclub upstairs, and there was a DJ spinning a good mixture of house tunes and Top 40 remixes. I'm glad he didn't play hip-hop since that's not my thing. The decor was eclectic and unusual, plus I liked the dark, mysterious lighting. Because it was so busy, we waited about 20-30 minutes or so, then we were seated.We were given a fixed menu of the chef's favorite entrees and we were allowed one free alcoholic beverage each. I wanted to order Veuve Cliquot, but I could only order sparkling white wine instead, which was fine with me. We started with garlic bread and calamari with marinara sauce, and caesar salad. The salad was so tasty and I am not a big salad girl by any means. It was definitely my favorite appetizer.Next we had penne pasta, chicken marsala with spinach, and mashed potatoes. They were all excellent. Considering it was all comped, they did not skimp on the portions at all. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and so were the rest of the staff. Our promoter also met us personally and invited us up to the nightclub if we wanted to after dinner, but my friends decided to pass. I totally would have gone dancing if one of my friends was not my ride for the evening. I was very impressed with Lavo. I would definitely go back to the restaurant and the nightclub to party in the near future. Kudos to the Lavo staff for making this all possible. :-)
1	** Club Review**We went to Lavo as a joke because my friends had free admission and line passes. We are not "club" people, but figured it would be a good way to see Palazzo and see what Lavo was all about. I called ahead to see if cameras were allowed. I was told they were, but got some resistance as we were coming into the club. (I did get the camera in). I guess they were afraid we would snap a paparazzi pic of some random celeb there and call Tmz.. I only wanted to take pics of myself and my friends on vacation. We were ushered upstairs to the club where we paid $13 per drink. There is really nowhere to sit as all the tables/seats are reserved for crazy people who are willing to pay three, four or five times as much for bottles of liquor then they would at the local liquor store. Now I like Grey goose as much as the next person, but for $375 a bottle, the goose can suck it. Lol. There was also $6,000 (yes that was six thousand dollar) bottle of Cognac. Who's drinking that??? P diddy?? Insane. You can sit at the reserved tables until someone more important (or more stupid willing to get hosed paying for alcohol) comes in to sit there. Standing room only ensues as the night goes on, and as you know, standing in one place on your feet in Vegas, for hours, is never a good thing. The dance floor is teeny and tight, and they were playing music from the early 90's. Mary J remixes, old 50 cent, crazy old stuff. I thought in Vegas in a cutting edge, trendy club, the dj would be more on it with some recent tunes. The drinks were good, but not for the price. All in all it was a funny experience watching all these young rich kids trying to out buy their friends with liqour on their tables to impress the girls. Comical. All around you saw sausage fests- 5 or 6 guys sitting alone around a table full of expensive alcohol.  I would rather been dressed down in jeans at a crazy fun bar, or dueling pianos, or at toby keiths on a good night.
4	Saturday night.I loved Tao, so it's no surprise that I love Lavo as well. The only downside was the line to get in. Also, the bartender was only serving the rudest, most demanding customers first. Who cares how long you've been waiting with your money outstretched?! However, those are common issues. The place itself is amazing. Beautifully decorated with multiple floors. Tons of stripper-like dancers and female decorations for that 'sexy' atmosphere setting. Just like most Vegas nightclubs. But the music - that made my night. It went beyond what toxins can make you feel.Oh, and it helps that we saw Harold from 'Harold and Kumar' there too!
4	I've always come here for a drink or the club but never to eat. We finally decided to try it. I ordered the softball size meatball which they said was kobe, veal and beef. It was pretty good but big. The risotto was also good. The desserts are HUMONGOUS! They have this donut dessert where you dip in oreo shake. The chocolate cake could feed 4. And the warm chocolate bread pudding was delicious!! If you sit outside, you can watch the Treasure Island show across the street, but it's loud because of all the firing cannons.
4	This review is strictly for the nightclub. This place is extremely underrated. I've been to other Las Vegas nightclubs, and although this place doesn't make you "feel" like you're in Vegas because of the toned-down ambiance and decor compared to the other over-the-top establishments, I still feel like I had the time of my life! The DJ played music that I enjoyed and was able to dance to (mostly Hip-Hop/Top 40s/90s). There were a few songs that were played 2-3 times that night, but that's ok since I didn't really notice until after I left the club (it was brought up in discussion between me and my friends). Our group did bottle service this evening. I've done bottle service at other places, and I can say that the service here was just ok. There were times where I had to ask where our personal bartender/waitress was. Where at other places they are extremely good about making sure that your assigned detail was always there when you needed them. The security dude was pretty good at making sure that no one invaded our area as there was this one drunk chick that decided to sit in our designated area and that was handled quickly. So, some may call this place too small but I'd rather look at it as intimate. And although I did find a few things that I didn't like, those things are extremely minor and you can definitely count on me coming back to this place!
4	Night club review only. This was the first Club we hit up when we were in Veags.  Cool decor nice ambiance.  We got hooked up w/ free drinks from 11pm to 12pm.  The guy that hooked us up, let us sit to the VIP area until the people who reserved that spot showed up.  It worked out perfect because when we were ready to hit up the next club it was midnight and that's when the peole who resevered the spot showed up. Music was cool but make sure you get there early because that place gets packed.  -p2
4	Three words - Kobe.  Beef.  Meatball.If you think a meatball, or any other form of sphere-shaped meat cannot be exquisitely delicious, then you are so wrong.  The grapefruit sized Kobe meatball was one of the most sinful treats I have ever tasted.  Lavo's dishes win because of their simplicity and elegance.  Nothing is too fancy or over the top, it's just classic Italian food amplified with high quality ingredients in a gorgeous setting.  The dining room has sky high ceilings, massive chandeliers, low lighting, and is staffed with very attractive servers.  I couldn't have asked for a better Vegas dining experience, and I only tried three things on the menu!
5	The reason I am giving Lavo 5 stars is because there are few places of it's kind. I enjoy it's elegance, fantasticly revamped menu, and sick club. The only other outstanding club restaurant would be Tao. Tao is amazing! Tao Beach is a pool party with unreal food so this company has their sh-t together. This property is a little more high end boutique, but any one could have a great night here.At the moment I am personally at Lavo every Sunday. I am happy to help people get into the club. Unfortunately I can only help groups of girls or people that want bottle service. Bottles average around 350 and 28% tax and gratuity is included in your bill. The food is fantastic. If you've heard mixed reviews in the past the food use to be Mediterranean but it's now home cooked Italian style. I've heard several people say, "I usually have fried calamari, but this is unreal." Yum! The Salmon is the best! Now I'm pretty hungry.Lavo is a little more strict when it comes to dress code. I have seen several people in t-shirts get turned away. Sandals on men or gym shoes are also not allowed. Sundays DJ Vice performs. He is one of the most well known resident DJ's in a town that has the most famous DJ's in the world constantly performing. He plays the top 40's which everyone wants to hear but he also plays some old school music as well. He scratches which I don't hear or see many DJ's do. Late night he plays more house techno music. He plays to the mood and sets the mood at the club. He is a baller!Let me know if I can help you guys out! I also have friends that work there on the dates I am unavailable. Hope you enjoy my review! Don't hesitate to message me with any questions you may have.
2	NIGHTCLUB REVIEW ONLY:GREAT SERVICE!!!!! NICE STAFF!!!!BUT------If middle-age, mid-western women with no rhythm are your cup of tea, this place is for YOU! One almost broke my wrist when she tried to use my 110 lb self for leverage as she tried to climb onto one of the ledges you can stand and dance on...  lot's of literal "ho's" looking for the next John... you might not realize that is what she is to start, but as the night comes to a close, she hopes that you are drunk enough to take her home and pay top dollar.if you are a people-watcher. you'll love it.
4	I loved Lavo. If you like Tao, think of it but with Italian food. Great atmosphere, music and crowd. Our waiter was from NY, and a lot of fun and we got in the club free.. the food was great. The club is a bit much, ladies, make sure you wear something short and tight and the heels are HIGH.
4	Lavo is located in the Palazzo in the main lobby area and on the way to the taxis'.  It's a restaurant, bar/lounge, with a club upstairs.  I have never visited the club, but I have managed to sit in the lounge a few times.  The DJ plays mostly deep house, and the decor is warm and inviting.  Since it has so much to offer, it's a good place to start your evening, stop by for good food and drink after shopping, or chill out and chat with a mix of friends.  (Oh, and you can watch the games if you sit at the bar...)
3	We had the night all planned out: Dinner and drinks at Tao, then we get into Tao nightclub without having to wait in line and pay cover.  It was brilliant, and all thanks to other Yelpers who noted that this was their policy.Only trouble is: Tao nightclub isn't open on Wednesday, and we didn't find that out until after dinner when we asked our server.  He mentioned that Lavo, their sister restaurant/nightclub, would let us in for free.   Ok, cool, mission accomplished.  Maybe tomorrow we can dine at Lavo, then get into Tao nightclub.  Hope it works the other way around . . . .Not really impressed by Lavo, partially because of the bottle-service phenomenon.  It was pretty small, and all the seating was taken up by bottle service tables, roped off even though there was no one there.  You try telling your girlfriend who just walked to the monorail, to Tao, and then from Tao to Lavo in heels that she can't sit down.  Not pretty.I have to give bottle service and high heels a separate paragraph.  See above for why both of these things can make a fun night out feel like a death march.  If these two things did not coexist in Vegas everywhere, there would be a lot more happy ladies out there, perhaps with less-sexy feet and not draped around some dude who wants to show off his $, though . . . The music was just OK.  The mashups/medleys of old school pop like MJ and other '80s and '90s hits were too short - you'd get into one song and they'd switch it up on you real quick.  Most of the newer stuff was standard club hip hip . . . snore.  It was still fun, I can dance to almost anything with a beat, but mix it up a little.  Soaring melodies and more funky bass lines can do wonders to lighten up the droning bass.  I wish MJ's Don't Stop 'Till You Get Enough lasted longer than just part of a medley . . .  we stopped, but we didn't get enough.The crowd was cool, no real aggressive douches, or it would have been maybe 2-star or worse.  But we did see a group of them entering as we were leaving, so who knows.  The dancer they had on a platform was hot and talented, she kept things going.  The rest of the crowd was fun, friendly, out for a good time, and that, a bass line, and some good club lighting can keep me out on the dance floor despite the music.Looking forward to trying Tao-the-nightclub tomorrow, and hope dinner at Lavo gets us into Tao like the reverse did last night.
2	It must suck being the little sister of Tao. Lavo seems like they tried to make a bangin club then decided midway that it wasn't worth it and stopped. There is nothing special about Lavo. I got about 15 of us in for free so we still had a great time, but WTF I got gum on my new black pants! I sat down on this little area where girls can just get up and dance on and I discovered the next day that there was gum smeared all over. It took forever to get most of it off. It looks like someone jizzed all over my booty. She's a ho, for sho. There is nothing memorable about Lavo. Just go to the Venetian and go to Tao. So much better. Mike Nagar is a great promoter for both Tao and Lavo.
1	You don't have to read my reviews to convince you this spot is just terrible. The Palazzo itself is grand, awesome and has beatiful places for pictures.I was reluctant to come here. My girl stated,"Yeah a friend of mine has hookups there." Truth of the matter Vegas has no hookups for men, yet we usually pay the bill in Vegas. I already know and understand this about Vegas. No biggie.Let me illustrate to you how poorly run this waste of space is. From the beginning. The line causes confusion. You have an entrance door that within close proximity to an exit door. Once you enter, you eventually end up at the exit door. Then you ask yourself, "Why don't they just use both doors?" One can be used as a VIP entrance. No fire codes would be violated in the process.Bars are poorly stocked. Lost count at the amount of times bartenders were calling for replenishments. Then you get other employees trying to squeeze past you carrying drinks "by hand" to get to the bartender. Aisles are super tight on the second floor. This is the main club area. Security here is inefficient too. Keep the aisles clear guys. Cmon. Very frustrating place to be. We exited within 20 minutes.
4	Came in for drinks with a dreamy little hunk of man meat and had a nice time.  Had a great lemon blueberry drink and a glass of prosecco.  It was pretty quiet at the bar, so service could afford to be friendly and attentive.The bathroom attendant freaked me out; she wasn't there when I walked in, but then she would magically appear when I came out of the stall.  Is she materializing in through the walls?  Hiding in a stall?  Weird.Really a gorgeous location.
3	Was here in September 2009 on 2 ocassions.  Decent atmosphere, but hard to have a conversation with someone and nothing special going on here.  Bartenders were OK on service
2	The food was reasonable, but like just about every other place on the strip in Vegas probably not worth what we paid for it.  The service was terrible -- our waiter, who reminded us of Joran van der Sloot, spent most of his time flirting with a table of young women rather than attending to his customers.  Thankfully a fellow waiter took pity on us and brought us water and drinks.  The electronica dance music was way too loud and sounded more like a rave party than a restaurant.  We won't be back.
3	Lavo is an interesting place. It gets high marks for its theming, which is what I tend to look for in a nightclub. The 'sinks' upstairs on the catwalk are quite interesting. As far as the drinks: expensive, as you might expect in the city. When this place gets crowded, you can expect being smack dab next to another soul, sharing the tiny space that is the dance floor. The mixes can be OK, but not great. XS is a better bet.
4	Comped passes for girls and discounted for guys staying @ Palazzo.  Didn't take long for us to get in and into the bar area.  Drinks are typical Vegas prices, but can pack a punch.Excellent DJ played club jams all night, so we just stayed on the dance floor for the most part.Until 1 a.m., when we went downstairs to meet our friends with table service.  I like downstairs a whole lot better.  No crowd, plenty of seats.  Yes, I am getting old.Table service prices are reasonable, all things considered.  They give you a fancy carafe thing, but it isn't filled all the way up, so beware.  Regardless, I had a blast there, but I wouldn't make a special trip for Lavo.  The hype is over.
3	I've been to Lavo twice. First time was a Friday night back in April. We got the hookup so we didn't pay to get in. The music was bumping and I loved that they played some dirty south hip hop for a while. Since it was crowded and the dance floor is tiny, we just stood and did a little bounce and two step. Second time was on a Saturday night after partying at Tao. We got in free but instead of heading to the upstairs club, we hung out at the downstairs lounge. There were plenty of seats and as long as you ordered drinks, you could sit anywhere. The music downstairs was good, chill but something you could still dance to if you wanted. You could even go to the outside patio where there were couches and views of the strip.I like the concept of the restaurant/loung/nightclub and the decor is nice. It's supposed to mimi a Greek bathhouse. If the dancefloor upstairs was a little bigger it would be nice. -1 star for the psuedo-lesbian girls dry humping on display for the guys. Instead of go-go dancers, Lavo has these girls dressed up like Greek concubines who pretend to be all lesbionic with eachother. If you're going to do all that, at least LOOK like you enjoy it. Most of the girls look bored. At least get real lesbians. I'm just saying..
4	This club is just like any other Vegas club. Long lines, crowded, and dark. That being said, there are some distinguishing factors about Lavo. If you eat at the restaurant, you gain entrnace for free and skip the line.Once in, the club is inviting. There are many places for the ladies to get up and dance. The bottle service area is accessible and not some elusive club area, it is easy to mingle with those folks. There were people of all kinds, ages, etc. Security keeps things moving and helps you out whenever possible.
3	We came here for a friend's 30th birthday and were treated to a big long table in a private area of the restaurant. Our group ahd about 20 people in it. The menu was fairly limited but had a good selection of steaks.I chose the 8oz. Filet Mignon and it was decent at best. The flavor was light and the meat kind of dry. They do treat you well here though and you are paying for the ambiance as well. I would try this place again except order something else.
4	"A Better Experience in Vegas"I love how the line is worked out.  They stick everyone into one line unless there is bottle service.  No pushing need to get to the front of the line to get in.  Didn't need to tip or anything either.  My night - Drank about 10 shots in line in 5 minutes waiting for me to get in.  I was surprised on how well I did and didn't start throwing up everywhere.  But I met some nice people in line and decided to give them some since I couldn't finish a 1.75 liter bottle to myself.  I took about a quarter of the bottle.  Then took some and mixed it with the rest of the pomegranate juice I had left.  Just kept sipping on it with the ladies in front of me.  Random girls and random nights.  This save me over 200 bucks.  I'm really surprised that the bouncers didn't really care while waiting in line.  That was a really really big plus.  They saw me, and they still let me in.Now lets get to the people - Wow... I might have paid to get in, but I barely spent any money on drinks.  I just made my rounds dancing with random people... Not sure how this started to happen, but random girls just started pouring me shots.  Which was nice.  I guess they liked my costume, since it was for Halloween.  But yes, this one girl in particular, just kept poor me drinks.  The guys in there group weren't dancing so I pulled one guy to the side and was like, it's Vegas... Just dance, they won't mind it.  I think they would prefer someone they know than a random guy like me to dance with them.  The guy started to dance, the girl danced back.  Yes, success!  Then I just simply started dancing with the other girls.  I'm not sure, but the thing that probably broke the ice was my costume.  They had a batman and robin outfit, and I had the (Joker - Nurse scene outfit on).  They the guys wanted to take pictures with me, then it happened.  Then the girls and me just started dancing.  I left to go look for my friends...  I didn't find them and this random girl comes up to me and was like what would you like to drink.  It's on me, I offered to pay, but her response was, this will probably be the only drink that a girl will buy you tonight... Which was probably true...  So I took the offer, and she gave me her number... I love Canadians!  They are so friendly...  Then I went to go dance some more... I love dancing!  This is where the stupid asses come in.  I was randomly dancing, then I started to dance with this Japanese chick...  A random ass dude comes up and pushes me.  I let it slide.  Then I went to go dance with the girl again, he comes out of no where and pushes me again!  I went to go talk to the girl about it...  She told me that was one of her friends and tried to convince me to not to beat his ass... The her other friends saw and they came and talked to me, and said that he was one of those rich white boys that daddy will take care of him if anything happens.  I waited for him outside to get an explanation for the shove.  The girl didn't want anything to happen.  So she told her friend to leave and watch out for me.  Which did happen, because I didn't see him anytime after that... But I just wanted an explanation.  After that incident, it just killed my night... From being filled with alcohol to being filled with adrenalin!  It basically took my mood away to dance...  I didn't mind confronting him about the pushes(these were not lite shoves, these were shoves causing me to take a few steps back so I wouldn't fall)...  That's what got me so angry.  I wanted to confront him, but security said it wasn't a good idea since his friends calling him stupid and drunk, he would probably do something stupid...  So I decided to leave.  STUPID STUPID PEOPLE!  I swear!  People go out to have fun and stupid people like that kill the mood for everyone!But other than those 20 minutes... Everything was fantastic!
3	This was one of the first nightclubs I went to in Las Vegas.  We got in at Happy Hour and had the worst tasting free drinks.  I couldn't finish my one drink because it tasted so horrible.  After HH was over, the regular drinks tasted fine.  At first the place started out empty but slowly got packed as the night went on.It wasn't a big club but the decor and theme were cool.  It had an Indian/Mediterranean theme that carried into the bathrooms.  The girls of course liked the fact that it had a dance stage and small strip.The music was rockin and played a good variety from Rock n Roll, 80's, Hip Hop and Rap.  It was a bit difficult getting drinks all night since there's only one bar.  Since this place was small, the smoke can get to you if your sensitive to it.  Yes smoking is allowed in all LV nightclubs.  Keep that in mind for the child bearing hotties.  We had one in our group and she had to leave early in the night.
2	Great Decor. That is about it. This place is OVERRATED! I went with a couple of friends who knew someone there. We had free drinks, and a free tasting meal which consisted of two salads, chicken and beef dishes, and calamari. I wasn't overly impressed with anything, but it was a free meal, so I can't complain too much. I will say I would not return here as a paying customer. The server started off very attentive as my friends friend checked in with him an let him know we were his guests. After the guy left that my friend knew, the service went downhill. We were there at 10p.m. and it had just started to pick up so we figured he just got a little busy. We were eating for free, and have all worked in the industry, so we left him a $150 tip (our meal would have probably only been about $100 so we were still leaving him 50% on the original bill which was fully comped) and he walked over picked up the tip and said "Are you done yet" we all kind of looked at each other wondering if he was serious, and said we were finishing up our last drinks. He disappeared without even thanking us for the tip or saying have a good night, which seemed rude seeing as he was so quick to snatch the cash off the table. We then to the club which was full of people over 40 and a little too small for me to feel comfortable in. The decor is amazing, and being a designer I appreciated getting to see it, but you can find plenty of places that have amazing decor in Vegas with better food, better service, and better nightlife.
4	For me Sundays are the hardest nights to decide where to go after 2 days of debauchery.  It's a dilemma really, you want to party hard cause its the last night in Sin City, but you also want to keep it low key due to the check out at 11a the next day and trip back home.  Upon recommendation from a promoter friend of my mine, we decided to go to Lavo. So we visited the Club just this past Sunday as a sort of final hurrah after a crazy weekend.  So here's a what I took from my visit:1) Alcohol and Stairs don't mix.  Whoever decided to put sooo many stairs between the entrance to the upper level club wasn't thinking of what kind of issues drunk people would have going down those few flights of steps.  I wasn't even drunk and I slipped and fell down a flight of steps(I could only imagine how funny my tumble musta looked) what more with someone drunk off their ass. 2) The club is really small, I know its Restaurant first, then club second, but this place was really tiny.3) DJ Vice was killin it Sun Night. Probably had the best music playlist out of all the clubs we went to over the weekend.4) The girls got free open bar wrist bands 'til midnight.  Coupled with the complementary drink coupons I got for us guys, we pretty much drank for free all night.Overall I found Lavo to be a great club to head to for either a night where everyone isn't trying to party to hard, or a spot to head to after a partying somewhere else.  I finally found my Sunday destination next time I'm in Vegas
4	I must say that I did not have high expectations for LAVO especially since i'm not a big fan of it's sister club Tao. If they even are sisters, since they're in different hotels, and have a completely different ambiance. Even with all that being the case LAVO has quick bar service, that isn't more than anywhere else. The music is a good blend with nothing to retro and nothing to ecletic.
4	came with a group of 4 and spent a little over $300 for 2 entrees, 2 sides, 2 appetizers and 2 rounds of drinks.  the service was great, and the waiter was attentive.  the girls in the group were not satisfied with their drinks so the waiter was happy to recommend another.  another waiter came around while we were eating and gave us stamps to get into the club upstairs for free for eating there.  we went to the club upstairs after dinner right when they were openning up and there was a long line waiting outside of lavo before the club opened.  the club part of lavo is fairly small so we moved back downstairs to the lounge to chill instead. i had a good time at the restaurant and club but probably wouldnt go out of my way to go again the next time im in vegas
3	First time:Got in free because we were guests at Palazzo. The club could be a bit bigger but then if it was bigger, I would probably just say it could be even bigger. Haha. Good music, had fun.Second time:I like the free drinks we got from the free wristbands. Our friend pulled some strings and got us all in for free (except one guy, he had to pay, poor guy) and the girls got wristbands. It gets super crowded but the place is nice. The crowd is younger and can sometimes be sort of rude. Dunno, maybe they're just drunkards.
3	LAVO is hip of course--it's Las Vegas. More attempts at something fusion to distinguish itself from the other Las Vegas near indistinguishable -- a restaurant and nightclub. How original.Not crazy overpriced for the attempt at service and cuisine.Garlic bread and marinara garnished the table.  The garlic bread a dripping oily mess. The marinara, well, marinara dipping sauce.I ordered the lobster, asparagus risotto.  Lightly battered asparagus, (asked for no pine nuts) and tons of lobster! Searing hot, when served, I was not disappointed.  The broccoli, bitter, but still crisp.The sides, all hearty (but hardly heart healthy) portions.  Tasty in their own right, but nothing prepared nor flavored or garnished in any any way that would set it apart from even a middle of the road local family restaurant.More stylized-Vegas-fusion.  I left after dinner and did not visit the nightclub. I would not be upset if I were invited to dine there again. Less than a 50% chance that I would I would invite my own guests to dine with me at LAVO.
2	REVIEW IS FOR THE NIGHTCLUB ONLY For Vegas this place is out of place. I almost felt like I was in a bar in San Jose and not in Vegas. Almost as small as the Temple on First street (a little exaggeration there). One bar and a mini stand right outside the restrooms. If you like rubbing skins and touching people's sweat on the dance floor this is the place for you to do just that. I think my suite back at the hotel was bigger and enjoyable than LAVO.
4	This review is for the nightclub .A small club, by Vegas standards. And it's definitely a good thing... Lavo has the theme of an Italian bath house. Went here on a busy Las Vegas Friday night when DJ SKRATCHY was spinning. He kept the crowd live and moving until past 330am. Played club classics as well as the requisite Top 40 hits and mash-ups. Most def, great times... So as long as he's providing the soundtrack, I'll continue to support the place.I've also hung out downstairs at the Lavo lounge. Liked it a lot as well. It has a wrap around patio facing the Las Vegas strip and directly across the TI hotel & Casino. Much more mellow and more room to circulate than the club, of course. They have a DJ playin music. And also hookah pipes available at the tables outside.More DJ Skratchy please.
3	It was 'aight, except for the fact that my nipples could have cut diamonds. Yes, it was THAT cold. At least in the little VIP nook we were sitting at. I saw the pics from that night and I was like "what the!" Why didn't someone offer up their sweater or scarf...SOMETHING! I'm surprised they didn't bust out of my top the way the Hulk busts through his purple pants. Jeez...Hmm.what else to tell you? I had a slip & fall incident because some jerk off spilled their drink on the already slippery floor. ATE IT. Fell straight on my ass, and not from being shit faced either. I was totally sober. But I'm a good sport, I didn't sue. Although I could have used some settlement cash...hahahaThe dance floor: OMG, too damn crowded and full of a lot of gross drunk horny desperate dudes. Yuck, save me! There was this one dude, shirt unbuttoned and all..just GAWKING at that poor go-go dancing girl. He probably thought he was so cool, with his boy chest hanging out and all. I could tell she wanted to kick his face in.Oh, and the girls at the chaise above the bar who are all gyrating and grinding all up on each other was amusing at first, until I noticed they kept doing the same damn move like 100 times over. Les-bi-honest....that can get pretty monotonous, even for the horniest of horny dudes.
5	The restaurant was fabulous. After a week of disappointing meals at Delmonico, Prime and Top of the World this place was a breath of fresh air. The service was fabulous. We were walk-ins at about 6pm with a toddler and they were more than accommodating. Many of the dishes including the Caesar salad and desserts are family size which we were unaware of so we had plenty of food! The pomegranate lemonade was an excellent cocktail as was the Ill Bello! The Caesar salad was the best I have ever had in my life! It had a good amount garlic (maybe to strong for someone who doesn't like a good kick in the pants!) It was so good everyone at our table agreed that we could just keep eating that and cancel the rest of our orders. The 4-cheese pizza I got for my daughter was fabulous, as was the Salmon that I shared with my Sister-in-law. Dessert was to die for!!  There was an Apple pie with cinnamon ice cream that was fantastic and the chocolate cake was divine!We can't wait to go back for more!
3	Some things I greatly dislike: 2.5 hour lines, "VIP" lists, and douchey bouncers. Some things that LAVO nightclub offered: 2.5 hour lines, "VIP" lists, and very douchey bouncers. The start of a fantastic Sunday night.Aside from waiting in line for so long (a girl just behind us literally passed out whilst waiting in line, causing the bouncers to freak out due to their lack of any healthcare or general well-being knowledge whatsoever, so awkward...), the place still wasn't all that impressive and certainly not worth the 2.5 hour wait. The girls and I got in on some promoter's free Belvedere bottle service, so I asked for a glass on the rocks. This was another huge mistake on my part, due to the fact that it tasted like rubbing alcohol and certainly was NOT Belvedere in any way, shape, or form. The music wasn't awful, but the DJ needs a little work on blending tempos and also needs to open up the music library so as to not loop the music every 75 minutes. The atmosphere was interesting to me, but this may have been due to my unfamiliarity with clubs in Vegas.My advice: bring a large group of women, tell the douchey bouncers right away that you are there, and enjoy skipping the line altogether. If you are a male, find one of these groups of women and latch on hard.
4	Did not see any single person walking around passing out passes to go to Lavo. Walked in to grab the free admission pass during lunch time, called in the afternoon to be put on the guestlist without any promoter's name, and showed up at night and got in less than 3 minute wait thru guestlist line.There is 1 particular free adimssion Pass that also gives you a free drink ticket. You have to look for it though..because there's like 4 different version of free admission passes and there's only ONE that gives u a free drink. Lavo was very generous with their comp drink rule - there was none! You could have anything they had on hand. Most other places have that stupid rule that only well drinks apply to comp drinks =P So take advantage of it with your pass...The club itself was a lot smaller than I thought, but I still liked the feel. Pretty chill, nice bar, the nicest bartenders - (yes...much friendlier than the ones at Blush in the Wynn who were snobs and even nicer than XS bartenders) who won't hesitate to help you out with drink options.The dance floor IS quite small..but it works.And finally, they have the most awesome bathroom ever..I absolutely LOVED it..it reminded me of some enchanted castle restroom or something, with their lion-head sinks..hahaAll in all, XS is better..but Lavo is a great alternative to the others (better than Pure, the Bank, etc)
3	Lavo was definitely a cool place to go at midnight.My pharmacy friends and I wanted to really dance the night away, so after receiving free VIP passes earlier on in the day for Lavo, we decided on it. Looking into the restaurant, the decor was great, so we went to the club inside. Being girls, we of course, did not even have to stand in line, and was escorted straight in with free cover and free drinks. How great is that! The sinks along the stairway are really cool as well, as they actually have running water along them. The music was GREAT. Not a bad song at all, the whole night. My only gripe was the SIZE of the place. The dance floor was really small... being small asian girls, we got pushed around until we made our way onto the stage.. where we found our other pharm people. The crowd itself was a little strange as well.. I couldn't really determine the make-up: it was a mix of mid twenties with mid thirties mixed into it. As Vegas is a place of vacation-ing, everyone we met was there for some conference or on business. I don't think I would ever go here to meet people, but if you're looking for a place to dance the night away with some friends, this place is definitely a fun place to go!
3	So I have been to LAVO twice and it is both the best and worst Vegas nightclub I have been to. The first time I went, back in August for a friend's birthday, was awesome. My friends and I were full of liquid courage and willing to dance ourselves stupid. The second time, however, last Sunday to be precise, I had a miserable time. I went there for another friend's birthday and it was so crowded you could barely move let alone dance. That wouldn't have been so bad other than the fact that my friend was belligerent and had to be prevented from inadvertently throwing bows into people's faces. This too would have been fine if it wasn't for somebody lobbing their drink glass on to the dance floor and hitting me square in the back of the head. Luckily I didn't have anything more than a bump and headache to show for it. Suffice it to say my night was put off a bit by that incident. Anyways, LAVO is a pretty cool club; it has some interesting decorations such as the mini sinks/ fountains in the hallway between the restaurant and the dance floor (into which my friends and I have seen some drunk fellas relieving themselves). The line to get in (for those of us non VIPs) goes pretty quickly and it doesn't seem particularly difficult to get in anyways. Also, for those of you whom the downstairs men's room confuses, the way to turn on the sink is to use the foot pedal located at its base. Oh, and if it's your birthday the bartenders are happy to make you the most potent Adios Motha F**** you have ever experienced.
3	I went to the Lavo nightclub.The interior was pretty nice, and there is a coat check. It is $5 to leave a coat while you're in the club.I was on the guest list, so my friend and I got in free. We also received a coupon for free cocktails. The dance floor is VERY SMALL. I thought most of the night clubs in ATL would have lager dance floors than Lavo. I didn't see any go go dancers though.Anyways, went there on Christmas day, and the dance floor was packed! Music was good and I enjoyed dancing pretty much. Bouncers were not nice, but they were not rude, either.I will not come to this club again, unless I stay in Palazzo Hotel. Hey! I've only been to Tao and Lavo.
3	this was my second nightclub in vegas.  my first was XS.. sooooo this place wasn't that great after going to XS first. probably shoulda done it the other way around.well overall, this place was.. okay. don't know how much cover is because my friend and i got on the guestlist through a friend so it was free for us :)bouncers weren't nice but not rude or anything either. just emotionless. and didn't say anything. o_o but ANYWAAYS. it's super dark inside. wish it was a bit more lit. couldn't see anything for a couple seconds. downstairs is the lounge area with a bar. and you go upstairs for the dance floor. drinks weren't that bad, we got a big glass of tokyo tea for $12dance floor is small. get's crowded very easily. there's kind of like a dance floor at the back of the room where you go up like 2 steps. it's where the reserved seats are located also, and that area was okay. not as crowded so a lot of space to dance and move around and BREATHE. there were seats along the walls in certain places where you can sit and finish your drink or just chill which was nice because you don't want to bring your drink to the dance floor. you'll loose half of it by spilling it around on other people. bathrooms were SUUPER dark too. can't fix your make up because you can barely see your face -_-it's really not a bad place. it's still a lot nicer than clubs anywhere else. but small and too dark for me.
5	I can not wait to come back and dine at The Lavo!  Please try their meatballs. The marinera sauce tastes like its flown directly from Italy with the purest of tomates and fresh italian herbs. I have never tasted a marinera sauce like this! I  made sure there was no sauce left on my plate.This restaurant prices to the portion, taste,and elegance  of the dishes. The atmoshpere is beautiful and compliments the great service.The freindly staff is  not smothering  or rude. The utensils are super clean, no  dried water drops. Some may say that The Lavo may be too pricey, but it is worth every penny. I cannot wait to come back!Oh and, this is a total celeb hang  out too.
3	I went out on a Sunday night to LAVO and it is a beautiful venue, it was a perfect place for my friend and I to start our Vegas trip. The music was great and the crowd was just right. No hassle at the door plenty of seating. All was going well until my friends purse was stolen.... needless to say that the staff at LAVO was extremely attentive to our needs and searched for the missing items right next to us without any sort of attitude or annoyance. They also helped us out the next night to have a good time. If you are looking for a venue where you can have a drink, dance and not get bumped into every 5 seconds I would recommend this place. **We did go on a Sunday night so I don't know what the vibe is like on a Friday or Saturday.
3	Lavo, the night club, didn't really rock my world. It was crowded and stuffy but the bartenders that served our table was really attentive and sweet. Initially, they didn't serve Tokyo tea, but she made it happen. Yayy her. Anyhoo it was packed like sardines and everyone was sweating. Hmm maybe Tao wouldve been better.
3	I actually enjoyed this place. I was super surprised that there was actually seating for people after a certain point. Albeit we could barely make it to the dance floor as it was crowded and super sweatyyy, my girls made our own little parlay by the bar. I KNOW WE'RE SUPER SMART! :)So when we needed a little more alcohol in our system...BAM! There's the bar. Sadly I remembered that there was only ONE bar in that whole area, but whatever, we had fun.
3	i like this place.  it was enjoyable.  except when they played "get bucc in here" 3 times within a 2 hour time span.
2	Lavo restaurant was nice.. waitress was nice... but the bouncer was mean just trying to get into the club... he couldn't tell that it was my driver license!!! and so I got the run around for trying to get in and that pissed me off... they were telling me this guy was trained in telling if its a fake or I'm borrowing someones I.D... well guess what buddy... the black guy who was dark skinned and had a little bit of a jerrycurl... YOU ARE WRONG... YOU NEED TO GO BACK AND GET TRAINED AGAIN... they need to be nicer... you are lucky I didn't cause a scene...
4	Getting on the guest list entails: still having to wait in line (granted it is a guest list line), free cover for ladies, and half price cover for the gents. A good plus for this joint is on Saturdays for about an hour (11pm-12am) there is an open vodka bar for the ladies. Holla! Let's be real though, they're not gonna be pouring Goose or Belvadere.  It's vodka from a bottle where the label is stickered on.  But hey after your fourth or fifth one...who can tell the difference..right? Haha. Music is good...but the dance floor gets PACKED!
3	I was soooooooooooooo drunk by the time I rolled in here. The crowd is super ghetto and the drinks taste so crappy and are way too expensive. Plus the cover is ridiculous - $20??BUT they did hold my coat for me and I danced my skirt off. It gets crowded and like I said, the crowd can be iffy but it is great if you are with a group and just want to drink bad drinks and dance and be silly.
4	I'm giving it 4 stars for the great music. I had so much fun here. Came last June for my bff's bachelorette. We lost our VIP table because we brought a guy...but I guess I can't blame them for that. It was REALLY crowded. Could hardly dance. People were bumping into my left and right. I'm really generous with my stars. I guess because by the end of the night I HAD FUN and the music was great.
4	We went to Lavo only to eat and had a wonderful night.  Our waiter Kyle was wonderful.  We went to this restaurant with the idea we would just have pizza.  Kyle changed all of that.  We started w/a Caprese salad.  The tomatoes were not ripe and 2 of the tomatoes had the "core" in it.  Kind of a bummer for $18.00, but the overall taste of the salad was great.  I had the most expensive spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had.  It was really really good but I don't feel it was worth $32.00!  The pizza's we ordered were great!  Our waiter suggested the meatball pizza (which is what the chef's make for the staff) and it was good but the "white" cheese pizza was absolutely incredible.  All of the staff was great that served us.  They were on their game.   We ate about 6:00 so it wasn't loud at all.
4	While I didn't have dinner here, I went clubbing to Lavo and had a blast. Located at the Palazzo on the Las Vegas strip, Lavo is one of the newer hotspots in town. As you walk in, you cross over the main restaurant via an overhead walkway. On both sides of this walkway, small marble fountains illuminate your path. As you enter the club, at the base of the stairs, two hot dancers are feeling each other up seductively in a bath tub. Drinks are strong and the music is fantastic. Only reason for the 4 stars - too crowded. There wasbhardly room to stand let alone buy drinks, walk to the dance floor and dance. Someone spilled their drink on my shirt. This was on a Saturday night, but the next one we went to, Tryst was not as crowded.
1	***Nightclub***To sum it up in a sentence "The 5hit is wack"... So after a late dinner at First Food & Bar at Pallazo we were able to take a stroll over to Lazo to cap the night off since this seems to be one of the new spots on the strip that everybody says is oh so must go! Usually that spells disaster, as you get the clueless crowd that just wants to be seen in the newest club (even though it sucks), so they can go back to work the next day and tell the girls "Giiiiirl, i was so f' in it up over at Lavo last night".. i guess. Upon entry i felt like i was going thru a maze before we finally got to what they called "da club", this place is SMALL. The great room in my home is bigger than this place, not to mention decorated better as well. I could tell from the moment i walked in that this place was going to be wall to wall in about 30 minutes and its going to be a mess. Unless your bottle service is comped do not waste the money, the tables are damn near on the dance floor, crowded and way too over ran with bopper kids. I have never seen a decent club with VIP table service and no security, it truly becomes a mess after it gets packed and then you have people crowding your table, trying to drink from your expensive bottle of vodka and the ability to not even really dance. We left early for Vegas time lines at 1am and said yeah never again. I prefer that if your paying $12-$15 a drink and upward of $300 for a bottle serv'ed table that it has somewhat of an atmosphere, and gives a little more to offer than what Lavo has to offer which really was nothing special at all. Save the time and effort and go somewhere else.
4	On Friday night, we checked out the LAVO lounge and then later in the night made our way up to the nightclub. Upon arriving around 12:30ish at the lounge, all the tables that would accomodate our group of four were taken so we snagged two chairs and a small side table which we made work. The bar was crowded, but being a girl and a bit assertive, I got service at the bar very quickly. I am always impressed at bars that are busy when the bartender remembers my name and what I am drinking, which is what occured on Friday night at LAVO's lounge. You can hear the music from the nightclub upstairs which is really nice - plus the music all night was exactly what you want to hear.After our friends headed back to our hotel, my husband and I decided on a whim to check out LAVO's nightclub. We had already started to walk elsewhere in the Palazzo, but turned the corner and went to the nightclub entrance. At 1:45ish at night, there was no line and no cover for my husband. When you enter the nightclub you walk up the stairs and down a hallway lined with marble (or maybe they were ceramic - I didn't inspect them closely) fountains on either side. The dance floor is to the right once you are in the main part of the club. The dance floor is moderate size, and despite arriving at 1:45 at night, we were able to find a good area to dance in. The dance floor had a lot of people on it, but it wasn't shoulder to shoulder making it impossible to dance. We didn't get any drinks, but danced for about an hour to the good mix of hip-hop and rap the DJ had going.I enjoyed the lounge at LAVO more than the nightclub - you got the music from the club without the crowd and you had the ability to carry on a conversation with the people you were with. Plus the lounge didn't have any creepy guys which clubs always seem to attract! I will definitely go back to LAVO on a future trip to Vegas.
3	I couldnt hold out any longer and finally came out to a nightclub for the 1st time since being a new Las Vegas resident. I had heard about Lavo before (I always thought it was a pool... kinda like Wet Republic) but never went. Also, the thing about Vegas is, if youre a dude and you wanna go out to these popular nightspots with your boys (and plan to get in in a decent amount of time) you either gotta 1. spend $$$ like theres no tommorro 2. get lucky (walk in with some girls you just met, come up with some bs story about how you know someone there, etc) 3. come in late (past 130 or so) 4. or have a hookup.... Fortunately we had a hookup so off we went.The downstairs (restaurant) part of lavo is nice. They were giving us appetizers and drinks (on the house) all night, so no complaints there. A sizeable group of saints fan (congratulations!) were at the bar partying up. At about 11:30 we walked out and walked right past the line to the club (thats were the hookup comes in handy). Lavo reminds me alot of The Bank Nightclub at the Venetian. SMALL. We had bottle service, but there was no rope to keep away the straglers, so everyone was just mixed in (just like at The Bank nightclub). I thought the whole point of bottle service was to have your own space? The DJ was beyond terrible. I kid you not he did not play one song that was made after 2004 until right before I left. Just all Lil' Jon songs. Im not a DJ, never have been, and probably never will be, but I could have came up with a better list. The chick who won the first season of "For The Love of Ray J" (I think her name was cocktail?) is a gogo dancer there. I mean I had fun I guess, but there are definitely better places.
4	RESTAURANT:I went to Lavo on a Saturday night with my sister for dinner. We made reservations the day before and was surprised the restaurant wasn't completely booked yet. We shared  the caesar salad and the four cheese ravioli. I had read on yelp that the caesar salad was great so we decided to try it. The caesar salad was the business! It was huuuge and delicious. I think it was the best salad I've ever had.  The pasta was okay, I think we should have got the spaghetti insead. For dessert we got gelato - vanilla and caramel, which was amazing. Our server could have been more personable and friendly, not so matter-of-fact but he did his job and we were happy with our meal. The restaurant is very beautiful and has a sopshicated, sexy vibe yet laid back. I will definetly come back on my next trip to Las Vegas.CLUB:My sister and I decided to check out Lavo after we went to Tao on a Thursday night. We weren't hotel guests, weren't on the guest list nor are we locals but we got in for free with no fuss which was nice. The club is upstairs and very small/intimate. It was pretty packed.  The go-go dancers looked bored and had no rhythm. I was surprised the the DJ was playing latin music, since I thought the club played top 40/pop/hip hop like most other clubs, but maybe it was latin music night? Not sure if I would go back to the club, unless the music was better. I think this place is probably hit or miss.
5	Lavo is my new favorite! Loved the food, service, atmosphere! Totally recommend it!
4	I have gone here about once a month for the past four or five months. Ive never seen much of a line outside. Never waitied more than two minutes to get in. I usually go around 11:30PM. This past week, I decided to eat dinner there for the first time. I made reservations for 9pm yet I was not seated until 9:20. I had one of their meatballs which was good but not heaven like some of these other reviwers claim. I also had the 8 oz filet mignon. It was overcooked. Ambiance and feel of the place was good. Tables were a little large. Employees friendly. Bathrooms clean. 3.5/5 for the restaurant. If you eat here or if you are local as I am admission will be free to the nightclub. Also, if you are a lady you will get free vodka drinks from 11PM to midnight.  I usually have a great time at the nightclub. It's one of the smallest ones I have been too but Ive also met some really cool people in here and that's what going to the clubs is all about for me. 4/5 for the nightclub. I'll be going again so maybe I will see you there!
2	We checked out Lavo last Thursday night and I was pleased with our food, but incredibly disappointed with the service, which is why the rating is 2 stars. After being seated and taking our drink orders, we were quickly deserted by our waiter. We sat for several minutes before a woman came over to tell us about the specials and then she disappeared. Our waiter eventually came back and took our orders, but we were able to order our appetizers and entrees because we'd been sitting for so long. I ordered the lavolini - prosecco, passion fruit, St. Germain - this was an excellent drink and was very refreshing. Our group started out with orders of the crispy fried calamari, spedini ala romano and the kobe beef rice ball. We also ordered the salad special, which was a delicious mix of arugula, heirloom tomatoes and a soft Italian cheese (maybe stracchino, but I can't remember and it isn't on the menu).  The table was pleased with our starters. The spedini was delicious and salty, so be warned if you aren't a fan of salt. The calamari was delicate, and for a non-calamari fan, I thought it was good.I ordered the spaghetti with fresh tomato and basil. The fresh tomato and basil had me sold as we'd been eating out all week. The spaghetti noodles had a nice bite to them and the fresh tomato and basil sauce was excellent. I ate quite a bit on my plate and still had enough to pack up and take back. I definitely could have split this portion with another person and still could have had plenty leftover. Our waiter returned and took plates to pack for leftovers, but forgot about two orders our table wanted packed up to go and threw them out. He did take them off the bill, but those two guests were very disappointed that they didn't get to take their food home. If we'd had a different waiter, this rating would definitely be higher. Not only was he slow, he had the attitude that he was something special and we should be honored to have him serve us. He also didn't take time to observe the table to see who was in charge at the table, and instead of going to that person, he automatically went to the lone man at the table.So, go for the food and atmosphere, but hope you don't get the same server we had.
5	I'm not sure how this place is usually, but when I went, it was AMAZING.  The nightclub is a bit smaller but gets a good amount of crowded (not so much that you can't move but not so little that it's not fun).We got passes from some promoter to get in free with free drinks until midnight (yes, being a group of girls in Vegas has its perks).  Then, later in the night, Lil' Jon was there to party with his entourage!!  Yes, I was starstruck.  Especially since the club is somewhat smaller and so it seems like you are partying with them.  I took a picture with him and one of his entourage members gave me a glass of free champagne!  AWESOME.  He also "made it rain" a couple times and I took a dollar that fell on the floor to keep as a memory hahha.Supposedly Nick Carter was there celebrating his birthday too, but I didn't see him :(  Most people would not be upset by this, but considering I was in love with him most of high school, I can't believe I didn't see him and I can't believe my friend didn't tell me when she talked to him!!  All in all, a great time that will always be remembered.
2	so I came here on a Tuesday night, with 4 other girls. I guess one of the girls knew a guy who worked there because 1st we went into the lounge where we had bottle service then after mayev 30 mins he took us upstairs to the nightclub. It was packed inside. Another guy who worked at the club got me a drink and then took me and my friend to the stage. we dance up there for awhile and then left. The club was okay, maybe wouldve been more fun if I was drunk.
4	A dark lil hideaway for whatever you don't want people seeing you doing in Vegas.
4	Everytime we go Vegas, Lavo is our Tuesday night spot.We love our host Henry Wang - 100% VIP SERVICE!Beautiful venue.  One of my favorites.Bottle service was very pleasant.  We had to leave Blush after 4 bottles and horrible service to complete our night at Lavo.  Should've started and ended night here.
2	The club sucks... tiny dance floor and expensive drinks... get your party on for free downstairs. The music is better and there is a lot of room to sit and chill with friends  =)
4	This place is consistently fantastic. The drinks are strong and the DJ, even in the lounge area, is on point.
1	If you want to be completely ignored at a restuarant - this is the place for you!  Our 8 o'clock reservation was finally seated at 8:45 - which would have been understandable except for the 8 open tables when we reached the dining area.  Our waiter was briefly apologetic and attentive - while searching the room continually for a more important matter evidently.  The sad thing about the restaurant -is the food is a 4 or 4 1/2 - the kobe meatballs were fabulous - the miso seabass was amazing and the drinks were well concocted.  However - it took 2 full hours between our appetizers and entrees and my dinners guests starting making jokes about being held hostage mid dinner.  In my entire career of entertaining clients (18+ years) I've never been so horrified.  We had already spoken to management 2 times.. they were so busy being beautiful - the could have cared less.  We started making jokes of it - and did our best - but everyone was tired and cranky when we left - not my idea of a successful business dinner on any account... I would never recommend this restaurant - ever - to anyone.
2	I felt this place was a bit lackluster considering it's by the same people who run TAO.  It's dark and gorgeous inside, but very small with no room to dance.  Music was fun hip hop.  My gf's and I kept getting elbowed while trying to make our way around.  Only reason we came here was to pre-party since it was an open bar until midnight.  With so many other clubs to choose from, I wouldn't come back unless I was looking for a more mellow and less "in your face" Vegas vibe.
3	I went to Lavo on my 21st birthday. My friends and i were staying at the Palazzo hotel, so we got into Lavo for free. I'm glad that we didnt have to spend a dime to get in. Don't get me wrong, this place was beautiful, but the music suckedddd and was really bored here. Drinks were expensive but thats Vegas for you. This place gets three stars only because it was pretty, i got in for free, and the bartender was pretty nice.
4	The lounge area downstairs had a chill vibe, liked the couches and chairs...especially the ones that looked right at the entrance to the nightclub...got to see everyone parade around and get manhandled by the bouncers before they went up!  Too much fun.Oh, and one of the bartenders, Erin, maybe the hottest, yet down-to-earth girl I've ever met.  It's like getting drinks from a hotter Kristin Kreuk.  She makes a mean martini as well.
4	LAVO is a 3 in 1 establishment.  1. Italian Restaurant-downstairs  2.  Lounge/Bar-downstairs  3.  Night club upstairsBeautiful environment! Very pleasurable surroundings, not to mention it's located inside The Palazzo, which is gorgeous.The club has perfect access from the parking structure garages, very close (which is always helpful when you wear "cute, un-walkable" shoes) lol .  The club music was ok, but overall, I will definitely go back! Lots of fun.  We had bottle service and the table was nestled privately in a small hallway, next to an elevator exit, it was quite intimate, but not ideal seating for more than 4 people.Make sure you get ahold of a VIP host to get you in and taken care of.  Tipping & being polite is always the secret to BETTER FASTER service
4	When I think of LAVO, I think more of a classy lounge rather than a hot and poppin' club-- with that said, I am by no means trying to say that LAVO is not hot and poppin'. It is run by the same people who runs TAO but I feel like the crowd is significantly different. The good thing about LAVO is  that you have the same nice decor inside with great music minus the TAO crowd! It is definitely refreshing to go in a club in Vegas and have room to dance and move! The last time we went, we seriously got hooked-- our own table and a comp bottle of vodka. What more can we ask for?
3	***CLUB ONLY - review***Tight would be the best word to describe this place.  VIP is literally on top of the main bar.  I was surprised that the dance floor was so large, compared to the rest of the club.  I spent most of the night on the dance floor due to the lack of seating in VIP.Thankfully, the DJ was playing some very passable selections.  Nothing of note, but decent enough to keep the dance floor packed and my robot in motion.  There were tons of cougars on the prowl on Friday night.  Apparently, a cougar convention had just finished up earlier that day at the Hilton and they all migrated to Lavo for appetite satiation.  Was I someone's prey?  I was locked-in on, but I was elusive enough to escape their grasps.  I slid my way to a walkway that overlooked the dance floor and kept my eyes peeled for predators.I don't think I'd visit Lavo again.  It's got nothing to do with the cougars and everything to do with the size.  It's just too small.  Besides, I still have a major crush on Tao.What was that...
4	this review is gonna be all over the place cuz there's a restaurant, a club, and a lounge. the best thing about this place is the restaurant! too bad i was not more hungry so i could finish that fuckn meatball. that damn thing was the size of my head! i shared it with lobster bisque and veggie sides. everything was sooo good! some of the best i've had in vegas. all very rich tho (butter! cream! olive oil!) so very filling. it's best to wear a bubble dress :P just get wine with the food, there's no alcohol in their cocktails. shit is like kool-aid. they even come in a kool-aid pitcher if u want a pitcher. the service was awesome. we had like 10 waiters come up to us. apparently they all were clamoring to get us plates and water. we pretty much got asked twice for everything...ha ha. they were all good looking and fun so it was cool ;)club is 2 stars. it looked too crowded on the main floor and the music was just regular cheesy dance music. u know, like miley cyrus. we were gonna bounce but the first floor lounge had some bad ass hip hop. so i had to stay for just one song....and then ooooh one more! and then i ended up just staying period. only a handful of people were dancing here & thre but i dint give a fuck! music made me wanna *move*. wish people were groovin to it too tho...
3	Checked this spot out cause we got free passes for staying at the Palazzo, it is loud, dark and crowded. I met this cute chick who was a masseuse in Vegas, she gave me her card with her e-mail address on it Tanyahandsonya@whatever.com lol fun time just a bit too crowded but that's Vegas.
4	WOW. That's pretty much all I can say about LAVO Nightclub. I'm a Chicagoan and took a mid-December trip to Vegas with the girlfriend. Next time I gotta go with the fellas.LAVO is everything I expected in a Las Vegas nightclub. Packed House. Huge, Lavishly decorated interior. GORGEOUS women dressed in their best outfits. GREAT mix of music (Top 40 basically, rap, pop, r&b hits). Diverse Crowd. The night (which was a Friday) I went Kid Cudi was there and took the mic to perform a couple songs, which was dope. Me and my girl got some free passes on the strip from a young lady, so be on the look out. (DISCLAIMER: If someone is trying to SELL you free passes, DO NOT buy them. You can either find someone giving them away for free on the strip or go directly to the club during the day and pick some up.)Its hard to find a party in Chicago with that many people having so much fun. I would suggest having more than a few drinks because as my buzz wore off I became more and more annoyed at how body-to-body crowded it was. But I still had a ball there and I definitely have to go back!
3	y'know, they all seem to be the same after a while.some theme (bathhouse here at lavo), pretty things dancing on elevated platforms, top 40, they all are so similar.lavo is relatively impressive, but really, im not that much of a nightclub kinda guy. they do have some of the nicest promoters though (rob) and i did get in for free, but the danceflo was a tad too tiny for my liking.
4	This is a dinner review and yay! I'm a fan.Our reservation timing was off but our hostess took us to a comfortable location of the very dark dining room.  I just have to accept that all dining rooms in las vegas are so dark that you need a flash light.  It's a great italian eatery with somewhat affordable prices at $22-36 entrees.  We started off with cocktails but I had a nice cava sparkling wine.  They were perfectly blended and very chic.  I had the kobe meatballs and spaghetti and one of my friends had the chicken parm.  Note that the main entrees like chicken parm do not come with sides.Here comes ginormous mounds of food to our table.  My kobe meatballs was so delicious and such tender meat loaded with big chunks of basil.  The spaghetti was homemade!  And the marzano tomato sauce was delicious!  The chicken parm was pounded to 1" but the length of a 9" dinner plate.  It was smothered with cheese and looked very good.I was so disappointed I couldn't take it home since we were going out clubbing but you definitely need a doggie bag.  The meals here fill you up!  I would recommend this for dinner but reservations book up very quickly.
3	Fun and food with the girls is a night that I refuse to pass.We had 12 girls total for their special dining event for ladies to receive comp dinner and drinks! Immediately, I jumped on it because there is no way I will turn down free food and a night with getting dolled up with my ladies!We had a great time and the food was good! They brought out at least 3 types of appetizers, 2 types of salad, 4 types of entrees and 2 types of dessert!  Considering this is a comped event, we all tipped $10 each to our server. The service was fast, atmosphere was intimate and music was pleasing. I would definitely come back, but only for the comp dinner ;-)
2	The Lavo nightclub is the kind of place that you wait for hours to get into, pay too much for cover, then have to push through a crowd of sweaty guys in affliction shirts and girls that look like Snooki to get to the bar where you pay $22 for a watered down drink. Any women in your party can expect to be unwillingly groped by strangers and any men can expect the bouncers and staff to give them a hard time about letting them in. If stress and douchebaggery are what you're looking for in a nightclub, Lavo is your place.
5	The way through my heart is through my tummy and Lavo has managed to steal my heart and leave my tummy craving for more. We were looking for a nice place to dine and decided to come here. Dinner for two anyone? We began with the Baked Clam Oreganato, delishhh! Perfect amount of garlic and spices, and oh so extremely yummy. Next was the Penne Seafood Alfredo, had the biggest most succulent shrimp I've ever eaten I was glad that the sauce lacked that fishy, shrimpy taste some places tend to have. The penne itself was right on al dente so if you like your pasta a little on the softer side you should def be sure to request it.  The portions were big, so much so we ordered an appetizer, entree, and two sides and had no choice but to skip dessert. We aren't small people the bf and I, we can eat and needless to say we were both full and even had leftovers afterwards. As for the sides we had the baby asparagus, which seemed regular sized to me but hey I'm not complaining they were also good, and the wild mushrooms just added to the entire meal. Overall my taste buds were please throughout the entire meal course. I would definitely go back, matter of fact I tried to the following day. It was the bf's turn to pick and that I will review next. I also had a cocktail off their menu, I believe it was a Sicilian Sun. I wasn't too phased by the drink but only because it was more on the stronger side when I was craving fruity and refreshing. The service was excellent, our server was very attentive. I wish I could remember his name to actually give him credit, it might have been Alex? Idk. I also inquired about the club which takes place later in the evening on the upper part and lounge area of the restaurant and he gladly stamped us so that we'd be able to bypass the admission line/fee later. I was kind of sad I didn't get to try their meatball appetizer, but I will make sure to go back do so the next time around. I heart Lavo and if you decide to dine here, I'm sure you will too.
5	I didn't eat here. But I did drink here. Their bottle service is pretty good. They kept the drinks flowing and the bouncers are nice here. Not pushy at all (ahem XS). They were encouraging in fact, helping us ladies get to the stage. The 7 of us girls had a great time! Plus their bathrooms are clean and the ladies very nice. I got a little scolding at for using the "decoration only" sink. Woops my bad.
4	Long winded. Hmmmmm, Lavo was not bad. When I was in Vegas last year, our delightful cocktail waitress at Spearmint Rhino said that Lavo on Tuesday Industry night was a good scene. I sent an e-mail to the address on the website, asking to be put on the "guest list". Got an e-mail back saying that we were on the guest list, $10 for her, $20 for me. Now, honestly, I don't know how the whole VIP/guest list thing in Vegas works, the VIP guys and bouncers looked awfully busy with their clipboards. I told them we were on the guest list. They pointed us to a short line, next to an empty line, next to a line going out the door. The group in front of us (mostly dudes) was taken out of line and set aside (purgatory?). A good looking couple came up, said something to the VIP guy and was ushered in. A group of 5 attractive girls, all dressed in their tightest designer best came up thinking they were going to get right in but was placed in line behind us. We came to the front of the line, our names were on the list and in we went. No money was collected. The bar was cool, though my girlfriend's Grey Goose dirty was her least favorite of the trip. There were clearly a handful of obvious "tourist" types just checking the scene. After a few drinks, we went upstairs to the actual club, which was packed and definitely happening. We stayed and danced for a bit, then our age got to us (well, my age) and we left. She pulled out her flip flops and I put her on my arm and carried her Louboutins back to Encore, where we had a drink and cigar. I am sure that weekends are run a bit differently, but my time spent in Vegas last year, 2 guys, 2 girls (no one of any particular importance) and a few phone calls made ensured that we had a good time and got in to a few high end clubs on busy nights without waiting in ridiculous lines. Dress the part I guess and leave the sausage fest at home?
1	I'm done with this place.New Years I had a table on the dance floor. The place was so packed with drunk guys. We had 2 bottles knocked off the table by drunk people. We had so much alcohol that I didn't really even care. The biggest problem was the lack of security which allowed for creepy guys to bump into and knock over the girls with me. We left at like 1:30 which is really early in vegas. That's how bad it was.The little guy working the front needs to get a clue. He yells at his own staff in front of customers. I can't even begin to explain how bad this makes your club look. Everyone is pissed off and stressed out which trickles down to the customer. LAVO check your cameras on this guy.Anyhow...go somewhere that actually takes care of their customers.  Lavo has too much of an ego for what it is. The girls always clear out and go somewhere else at 2am too. I'm never going back to this place.
4	This is a nightclub review. The entrance of the club is very organized, which always makes for a better experience. The guys working the door were very polite and efficient unlike other clubs in Vegas(the Bank). It was strange that to get to the night club part of Lavo, one has to walk over a "catwalk" above the restaurant.. The club itself was beautiful, but seemed really cramped after going to XS. The dance floor became unbearably crowded to me at around 1 am, and I had to leave. Overall I am not a fan of nightclubs, but I would definitely go back to Lavo.
4	Nightclub - be prepared to deal with the classy bouncers in the front!  haha its a nightclub afterall, so there is the "get in this line" "get in that line"  so come prepared, gain a connection, use the concierge to get guest listed, SOMETHING, anything! hahaha  The inside of the club is smaller than Tao.  More "intimate"   that being said, this place gets packed like a sardine can... get a table... and be prepared to drop at least $500 on that....  well worth it!Restaurant - great menu, great desserts.... Ive always had great service here also.  The restaurant manager has even popped in for a quick how is everything... I love that touch... especially when it is sincere.
3	Nice little night club.  It's pretty easy to get to.  Right next to the check/checkout area and straight across the casino floor if you're coming from the hotel rooms, Lavo seems like it was designed for the tourists.We went there around 11... the walkway to the actual club reminded me of Tao.  It was pretty empty at first.  In less than an hour though, it filled up quick!  We sat at the bar and the bartenders were pretty friendly and quick.  We never had to wait long to order.  The setup was a little frustrating.  Everything was compact so it seemed like we were always waiting in line whenever we wanted to go anywhere.All-in-all the club was decent, but we only stayed a couple hours before going elsewhere.
2	Mediocre Italian style food. Definately a hit or miss but do not try the horrendous Chicken parmagiana or spaghetti with fresh tomatos and basil unless you have never tasted good Italian food before. In defense of the restaurant, my wife did love her lobster cocktail and zeppoli oreos, (my apple tatin was horrible).Server was very helpful, telling us to only order 1 chicken parmagiana as the size was the size of a dinner plate so it was large enough to share and also advised us against ordering another dish that she said had to be bad as whenever it was ordered it was always sent back (I think it was their braised short rib risotto if I recall). As the French say in Quebec-never again!
5	Really really good music + strong drinks + cool atmosphere = FUN TIMES.  Although it is a bit small, it didn't bother me since me and my group had secured spots on the dance floor and by the bar near the entrance to the club.  I'm not much of a clubber, but I was definitely shaking my tail feather throughout most of the night.
3	This club was small and extremely packed. Came here after PURE and was much more impressed. The club is above the restaurant and was pretty nice. The bar was super small and the drinks were gross. I ordered a Sex on the Beach and it tasted NOTHING like a Sex on the Beach. I must reiterate this again. The club was extremely crowded that drinks got spilled on me multiple times, I got elbowed in the head, and pushed around by couples all night. It got pretty annoying to see couples on the dance floor making out. GET A ROOM! By the end of the night, my feet were dead from dancing so much but like they say, beauty is pain!
4	Lavo our go to place for free drinks and the royal treatment!! Located in the Palazzo Hotel this nightclub is the best place to pre-game for drinks or a place to unwind from a wild night. Bouncers and promoters are alway chill and quick to lend a hand to groups of girls. Luckily, we had help from a few promoters to get our night cracking! Leading up to Lavo you walk a small balcony over looking the dining area. Its cool how they have open sinks on the balcony leading to Lavo. The nightclub itself is small. Nothing to grand about that the place. Its plain with nice interior design. If you catch yourself going early sometimes they have free drinks for ladies. An even added plus is when the promoters have free drink tickets and then forsure the drinks will be coming your way.  The bouncers themselves are very nice. They even help you up on the ''stage'' to dance. the dancefloor is small.. real small but I have found that it doesn't get to crowded like other nightclubs. What I most like about Lavo is that it is not to crowded. Its not overwhelming like other larger venues and it is nice that you can just chill and hangout.
5	The freaking Chicken Parm is to die for. Probably better than JI's grandmother's.
2	We got free tickets to come to this club. cute venue. Drinks are way too expensive. who the hell pays $13 for a shot?? shit we did only cause the skank said she couldn't take it back cause she already poured it. The floor was WAY too small, so small that our friend got her stuff stolen. We went to the bouncers. I know they didn't do shit to help us. I even got into an arguement with one of the bouncers cause he tried to act like i was some asian idiot that cant understand english and wanted to be a smart ass with me. Never again will i ever have anything related to the Palazzo. Not even their Lost and Found could help you. Assholes can't even give you the courtesy call back.
4	Loved Loved Loved the food. My guy took me here for my bday, and it was amazing.  It helped that we ordered everything on the menu.  Here goes the food: Garlic Bread - OMG amazing. it was so tasty.  The nice thing is that this was the bread served at the table.  Looks like its baked upon being seated.  It was fresh and accompanied with tomato sauce. Spinach Artichoke Pizza - 2 foot pizza.  It was so tasty and definitely something that can be shared at the table.  It was flaky and full of flavor.Kobe Meatball - Okay, i don't eat meat...but i was told this was to die for.  Also, our waiter told us that this is one of their signature dishes.  Ceasar Salad - definitely large enough to be shared at the table.  we didn't even finish it.  But it was tasty and flavorful.  croutons were well done. Filet Mignon - again, i dont eat meat but i was told it was cooked to perfection. Chilean Sea Bass - yummy, full of flavor, accompanied with tomatos. Polenta Fries - OMG....so good.  I'm still thinking about this today. Oreo filled Pastries with Ice Cream - Yummy...how can you go wrong? Less one star because i've been to the club...and it's small, stuffy, and I wasn't too jazzed about it.  My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!
4	We went here for our bachelor + bachelorette dinner while we were in Las Vegas.  We had a group of 35 people and did the pre-fixe menu since we had a larger group and were trying to make it in time for a show at like 9pm (and we made reservations ahead of time).  The inside of the restaurant and club is very nice and was a nice setting for our dinner.Our dinner was awesome-- we loved it!  Even with 35 people, all of our food was served together at the same time and no one was left waiting for their food while everyone else was eating.  There were three or four options for each of the three courses and everyone seemed pleased with their food.  We also had someone in our party with special allergies and dietary needs and they were more than happy to accommodate them.  The portions for the pre-fixe menu was the perfect size and we didn't feel like we didn't get enough food.  The vote from the group was that the bread pudding for dessert was the best.  After the meal, the manager or someone from the restaurant came and spoke with our group and then offered all of us admission for later that night for no cover for the nightclub.  A smaller group of us went back to LAVO around midnight and they let us in right away without any charges.  The club is smaller than most of the clubs (ie Tao or Pure) but was still a great place for dancing and drinks.  We all enjoyed our experience with LAVO.  It was great for a large group (with reservations) and the food was so good!
4	This place was pretty great.  The wait was really long, so long in fact that while we were waiting the restaurant turned into a lounge/nightclub.  However, the service and food made up for it.  Side note, I always find it hysterical when people order food, eat majority of the dish, and then send it back saying they didn't enjoy it.  If you don't like the first bite, put your fork down and send it back, otherwise the chef will probably use 'something else' for mayo.
4	On our "Girls NIght Out", we came to Lavo for dinner.  We weren't sure where to go for dinner, so Jeff, from VIP Red Carpet, suggested Lavo and we werent disappointed.  Its located at the Palazzo, a short walk from the Mirage.  The decor was pretty cool.  It was pretty dim inside, but I really liked their chandeliers and lighting.Anywho, we started with 2 of the tuna tartare and 1 caesar salad, which was more than enough to split amongst us 4 girls.  The caesar was pretty good, and the croutons were HUGE!  The tuna tartare wasn't that great for me...maybe im just used to Fusion, but I was expecting some kind of chip to go with it, and I didnt really like the lemony taste it had.Next, they brought out some amazing garlic bread that you can dip in marinara sauce...pretty yummy.  They also brought out a pitcher of Saggio (kind of like a blueberry mojito)...they suggested the pitcher because it was cheaper than ordering individually...that probably lasted 1.5-2 rounds for us.  I really liked it...it was very light and summery. Perfect for those hot summer Vegas nights!For my entree, I went with my favorite fish, the Roasted Chilean Sea Bass accompanied by a breaded/fried portobello. Man was that good. I was a little upset that I was getting full and couldnt finish it.  It was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was great.  My friends ordered the grilled swordfish, the penne ala vodka, and the filet...no complaints from any of them.   Keep in mind that you have to order trimmings and potatoes separately for $10 each.  I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes, and another friend ordered the roasted potatoes.  Its pretty huge, so you can probably split with the table.  I actually could've done without it, it was a little dry and I didnt want to waste whatever room was left in my tummy, on potatoes.Last, but DEFINITELY not least....DESSERT!!!  We ordered deep fried battered oreos with a side of milkshake to dip them into.  PURE HEAVEN!!! It was so good...now im starting to drool again...lol.This is definitely a cool place to check out for dinner.  The outside patio has an awesome view of the strip.  The ambience is great, the staff was friendly and they offered a ton of great suggestions.  They also knew we were in kind of a rush, so they happily accomodated.  I would definitely go back again.
2	I was there because the bouncer from Tao gave me & my girls VIP tickets with complementary drinks so it's like why not, lets go check it out. The place is pretty small, & crowded, The crowd mostly 30+ we were there for less than an hour and left. I just wasn't having fun there. =(
3	Bouncers are pricks here. Guys, wear a collared shirt, I don't care if it's Armani it better have a collar. They are nazis about their dress code. It's a nice little club, I can't rate the lounge because I only went there to dance. Crowded but not too bad, the music was better than at Tao IMO, more hits and less house. Ended up leaving 'cause I couldn't stand the people smoking in the club flicking their ashes on my Monolos. ;)
4	we went to lavo for dinner this past thursday night! we went around 8 and it was hopping, so id definitely recommend reservations- and im glad we had them! arrived and were promptly seated and our cups were filled with water..tables were not overly crowded, which was appreciated. the decor in lavo is really neat...it's very posh and aesthetically pleasing. especially loved the wall near the bathrooms with the candles along the wall also, for how crowded it was, it wasn't that loud and my friend and i could hear one another well, which was also nice. we each ordered a glass of wine (i got a rose/syrah blend...it was okay) and we got a ginormous steak to split (it was the special...this kobe beef steak that was like 20 oz. ...but was $85...yikes), polenta fries (YUM) and 2 sauces for our steak (the horseradish cream and hte gorgonzola butter...the horseradish cream was AMAZING)overall, our food was great and the decor was really fun, but my friend and i were really annoyed w/our server. he was overbearing, stopping by our table every 5 minutes and he tried to upsell us. by his 5th stop over, we were starting to worry he was eavesdropping on our conversation! he was also incredibly misleading about our steak and how much it cost. he basically told us it was the same price as the 20oz steak on the menu...so we were a little bit ticked off when our bill arrived and it was double the price. our server sort of tainted our experience...but other than that, the food, drink and atmosphere of lavo is really very nice!
4	We had reservations but we wanted outside seating. They told us 15 minutes so we went to the bar. Not even 2 minutes later they could seat us. Really nice place. Kinda reminded me of Asia De Cuba's decor a little.Meatballs were really yummy. 2 foot long pizza good to share and was tasty. Caesar Salad was really yummy. Would definitely go again! Got to see fireworks from Treasure Islands show. That was cool!
2	Went to Lavo this past Friday, got in for free through my aunts interior design company where she works, hehe don't remember the name of her company...but any ways this place reminds me of Tao where you walk up the stairs when you get in, this place has a whole bunch of sinks lined up just in case you need to wash your hands i guess, and walk a bit more and there you see the bars and dance floor. The dance floor is pretty small and crowded....The music was okay, but whenever i think the dj would play my song, it turns into something else....Drinks are pricey here, for 3 cranberry and vodkas cost $55.00 bucks...The people here were getting on my nerves spilling drinks and shit, UGH!!!!Don't think i would wanna come back here....I've experienced better clubs out in vegas!!!
5	This review is for the club only. I've been there twice and loved my experience both times. The decor is beautiful. The club is a bit more intimate than TAO which can be good or bad depending on the vibe you're going for. Music was good, place was packed with the prettiest of people and I got my Veuve on all night. Jackpot! Highly recommend.
2	Seems to be a theme in Vegas lately. Food is great, service was terrible.Briefly on the food: Started off with the Kobe beef meatball with ricotta. Spectacular. Had the rigatoni sausage bolognese and it was very good also. Nothing on the menu really stood out to me as very interesting, but it all looked great. And while we didn't make it to dessert, we saw some of the options at the tables near us and they looked spectacular.Now on to the service: Had a reservation for 10, seated by 10:30, meh. Our server was friendly, so I'll give him that much. We ordered a bottle of wine which we then were informed they were out of. Ordered a different bottle. When served, our glasses were overfilled and our server didn't leave the cork, both of which are pet peeves. Whatever nbd.Ordered the meatball and were told water and garlic bread would be right out. Water finally arrived when the meatball did but no garlic bread. I reminded our server about the bread and he told me "Oh I'm sorry, it comes fresh so it takes a while." Well, our meatball I assume is made fresh and yet it not only has arrived but has been eaten. So I doubt the problem is that the garlic bread is custom made for us. I hate lame excuses from servers, just say you're sorry and get it.Finally our entree arrives, served by someone else. We eat for a bit and our server comes over to check on how things are. My wife reminds him AGAIN about he garlic bread. He runs off to get it, comes back a little while later, and tells us "He made sure to get it himself for us." Well, thanks so much for going out of your way like that buddy.We finished dinner, dessert menus were dropped off. 10 minutes later he finally comes by again to check and see if we'd like dessert. Easily the longest I've ever waited to be asked if I want dessert or coffee, it seriously felt like an eternity.Anyway, as always in Vegas, there are much better options around, and this isn't one of them.
4	Smaller than its sister TAO. We got free access here so that's a plus. This club is smaller than TAO but it is still fun. Good: It was free. Quaint ambiance.Bad: This place is small so be prepared.Final: This place gets four stars because it was freeee!
3	Went on Saturday night Memorial Day weekend. Line was long but we fortunately we didn't have to wait or pay to get in. Nice decor, small place and it was HOT (temperature wise). Music was good they just need more AC.
2	Eh! I really hate to hate but I gotta balance out my profile...I feel the bad karma already coming to get me.. but oh well..... Was in Vegas for my sister's grad party and the place was bumping. AMAZING ambiance and the music was my steez. But I am after all from the SCO and I know good eats and ESPECIALLY Italian. The food was boring for $32 ....Kobe beef Spaghetti and meatballs with Dry Dececco Pasta no thanks. The service was good but the food just didn't deliver for all the hype. Hollywood may jock this place but i'll Never bring Angelo and the guys here for dinner. HOWEVER i'll bring the boys back for drinks.
2	This is a review for the dinner not the club. My girlfriend wanted to eat here for her Bday dinner over memorial day weekend. The ambience was ok. It was EXTREMELY loud in the restaurant like the club was in the same room. We had a party of 5 and we had to almost yell at each other. i guess our expectations were different. The bar area was cool with a little lounge area. The food was OK nothing great about it. The service in the beginning was fine the guy was informative but after the food arrived we NEVER saw him again. I had to get other people to help us with our table and they were less than impressive. Overall Definitely NOT going to dinner there maybe the club it looked pretty good and saw some celebrities.
3	LAVO on Memorial weekend = Packed like a can of sardines and it's one really SMALL can too!$20 cover..not bad...TAO was REDONKULOUS anyway!!! Hold hands..restrooms where?! Ouch! My feet hurt! I hate these heels! Why is that guy following you? Do you know him? I lost the guys!!!! TEXTTEXTTEXT...MEETMEETMEET...DRINKDRINKDRINK...DANCEDANCEDANCE!!! Is that Miley Cyrus playing?! I can't see the dancefloor. Let's make our own then! Hallway to bathroom sounds good. I can only move my upper body. My feet still hurt! I hate these shoes! PAPARAZZI PICTURES up the HEEZY!!! More dancing. It's only 2?! We need a B R E A K !!!! Long Beach cocktail is my new fav! Thanks Christian! Whiskey..yuck! Sorry Jay. This wall sure is nice to dance with and lean on! No I'm not taking a picture up her you know what! Vanessa, Melissa..frick it..let's go BAREFOOT!!! Why do we have TAO stamps on our wrist?! Maybe we can get in there now!! PEACE OUT LAVO!!!*****Wow..I can't believe I remembered all that! I guess that's what happens when you go on a spontaneous trip to VEGAS!!! Like my homegirl says, "that was a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am trip!" Haha. Good times!
4	BETTER THAN TAO! I am a very huge fan of actually being able to dance in a club...and we did have enough space to move around initially...I did almost get in a fight with a guy pushing my gf...anywayyyy!The music was on point! And the AC was on full blast, I did not break a sweat really in this club until the end. We were able to actually walk up to the bar and get a drink in a reasonable time. I never heard the same song twice like I did at TAO...It definitely has a nice feel, and it does not get too crowded or congested like their sister club. We were able to navigate our way through pretty much the whole place without getting stuck. Only VIP was pretty lame. It was roped off...and pretty small. All the people in VIP were sitting and not really dancing...whack!Otherwise though the lighting, the AC, the music...and for the most part the crowd was great! Go here! Do not waste your time with the overcrowded, over-rated TAO.
3	I came here last Memorial Day Weekend because one of my local friends wanted to hang out. She was able to give me some Free Passes for the girls in my group but the guys had to pay $30. It's a pretty nice venue with decorative splurges on the same level as Tao but not as nice as XS or Tryst. There's a catwalk to the second floor that has all these sinks with water faucets turned on. This bothers me because I consider myself an "Environmentalist" and this wastes a lot of water. In my drunken stupor, I was frantically turning off all the faucets. WTF? There are some cute Go-Go dancers and the girls rubbing on each other a la Tao-style. Pros: -According to my friend, on Sundays, ladies have open bar until midnight. -Nice venue. -Decent music. Hip hop and Top 40 but nothing new. The typical popular songs that have been played in clubs for the last couple of years. -Bartender was fairly quick with the drinks. -Doormen were pretty friendly. Very rare in Vegas. Cons: -Kinda ghetto crowd. Younger people, early to mid-20s. -WAY too crowded. I felt jostled to death. If it wasn't for my hubby looking out for me, I probably would've caught a dozen elbows to the head on the dance floor. -Bouncers yelling "Can't stand here. Keep it moving." It's so annoying even though I know they're just looking out for our safety and keeping it clear. Overall, Lavo is a-okay. It's not my first choice but I wouldn't be opposed to going again.
1	The worst club that I've been to my whole entire life. Actually, PURE was the worst, so i guess LAVO gets second place! I've been here twice, both bad experiences. The music sucks-- it can't get any worse than that. They play old hip-hop music from the 2000s... like P-Diddy, Mario, etc. WTF?! Where's the recent hit music?! Someone mentioned that the crowd here is ghetto. It is ghetto indeed! The drinks suck. It tasted really watery with alcohol.
4	Lavo can be hit-or-miss in terms of the crowd and music, but the decor is my absolute favorite. The ambiance there is perfect if you like sophisticated surroundings. Perfect for a date in the evening. I've been here twice for the nightclub. It's definitely intimate upstairs, and depending on the night, the DJ will either be making your night or making you ask yourself why you even bothered. The first time I came the DJ was blowing my mind, the second time around I can't even remember what he played. To be honest, I was bored and was wondering where the real party was at. I was also thinking where the hell did all these old people come from. Shame on you! And don't you dare spill your drink on me you drunk ass bitch! That's why you gotta dance on stage or at a table at this place.
3	*This review is for the Nightclub/bar area* It's 1230am and my group and I just got kicked out of Tao. Ok, so we weren't kicked out of Tao, but we didn't exactly get in. Ok, so we got in, but we didn't go in. Long story. Anyways, after Tao didn't exactly pan out.....one of the girls mentioned LAVO. We walked over to the other side of the Venetian to where LAVO was located. I was pleasantly surprised when I didn't see a line outside. (Why does that make me happy? I must be getting old.) We walked upstairs through a corridor of old Italian designed sinks to the dance area, where the club was located. At 1am - the club area was so crowded. There was no place for nine girls trying to celebrate a bachelorette party to dance around and make the bride to be do some tricks! The music and mix was great, but we opted the chill in the bar area down stairs. We chilled in the bar area, which had an equally good mix of music, wasn't too crowded. The decor was pretty nice. The crowd was also a little older than the groups hanging out upstairs. (God, I'm old....why does that make me feel better.) Plus the staff did let us chill in the reserved areas of the bar area. There was no one there and we were ordering drinks, so win, win! If I was just judging the club - I would only give it 2.0 stars. If I was only judging the Bar, I'd give it 4.0 stars. Let's do an average of 3.0.
2	Very impressive venue but super snooty. Bouncers, staff, and all -- snooty!  I remember for the most part that the crowd and music was at very high energy but didn't enjoy the experience completely because of the snootz!! There was not enough room for dancing...too tight. Plus all the booths are all in the walkway, so it's very hard to navigate around without having to walk through people and their booths. So a-nnoying.Biz Markie performed that night...that was the dope part!
5	I've always had fun here.  It isn't as big as some of the other club which makes the size a lot more manageable.  Bottle prices are standard Vegas prices but they let our group of 3 guys in with only buying 2 bottles.
3	Went to Lavo Nightclub this past Sat night with two of my gfs. I've always wanted to check it out because I've been to Tao before. Since I went around 10:15 pm, a promoter I met that day walked us in with no wait (brownie points!). They treated us really well. There was open bar from 10:30pm to 11:30pm so we each had two drinks (free drinks are always awesome!) The club was alot smaller than I thought it would be. It's def smaller than most of the clubs that I went to this weekend. I was really confused because you walk upstairs and down a glass corridor with sinks into the club (what the heck are the sinks for??) It is really pretty decor though. We only stayed 45 minutes because we were meeting our other friends at Haze (at Aria). If you had to choose between checking out Tao or Lavo, I would definitely say Tao. It was a nice place to stop at early in the night for free drinks though and it wasn't too crowded when I went, probably due to the fact that it was still early.
3	After seeing a dead guy in front of Tao, we were a lil fucked up and got all bad vibes, freaked out, and headed back to our room at Palazzo. Came across Lavo; were able to bypass the line and went inside... Its nice, for a small club, its big on decor. The mosaic mirrored pieces everywhere and the catwalk with the faucets is pretty cool. Super crowded. Not enough beautiful people, that's for sure. And I know I am probably in the minority for this: But I HATE what everyone is mixing these days, progressive house? Untz Untz, BOOM! I hate it I think it really sucks. No one can dance well to it, the go go chicks look a lil strange trying to rock to it. Really pissed me off in fact. To almost every other review that complains about drink prices in a club in Vegas- you probably shouldn't be at a club in Vegas. Moronic complaint. Not impressed, maybe would go back if it happened to be easy and convenient.
3	We had about seven people in our crew. We got stuck at a table near a server station so there was a lot of commotion. Our server was nice and actually recommended us to get less food. He was right the portions were huge!Salads are fresh and the dressings are mild. The calamari portion is surprisingly huge and it was average. The eggplant parm was great and HUGE (better be at $18). For dinner I got the 8oz. filet. It was cooked perfectly.We went to the club upstairs with no wait or charge since we ate at the restaurant. Holy shit it was SO packed, we couldn't breath. It was quite dark as well I couldn't see the decor shown in the pictures I saw before.
4	I was really impressed by this place considering all the hype surrounding it. We went for a late dinner after seeing the Beatles LOVE (amazing by the way!). We had a 9:15 reservation and didn't sit until about 10:00 which was fine.....the bartenders were great and very accommodating while we waited.The restaurant itself seemed a little overcrowded. I barely fit through the sea of people to get to our table. We finally sat down and were greeted by our amazing waiter. He really took good care of us three girls :)He was very helpful with suggesting food to order...we ended up with some champagne and oysters, followed by some delish sea bass and a ravioli dish. All was thoroughly enjoyable :) Not earth shattering, but definitely worth going back.
3	I wasn't sure if I should give this place two or three stars. I've been to the bar, restaurant, and club several times each and have mixed experiences. The goods: Whenever their service sucks, they try and make up for it. The food has been good every time, if a little unvaried. The drinks have been great every time at the bar. They are unique and delicious. Some nights we enjoy the small club upstairs. The first year it was open it was really entertaining and had a little person fanning a quite large woman when you walked in, quirky stuff like that. The decor is nice throughout the venue. The bads: Last week we had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation to be seated. Yes they gave us a free appetizer, but the whole 45 minutes they kept telling us we were next on the list so please don't do that it just frustrates people. The music at the club is hit or miss. Hit being just ok and miss being so bad that we have decided to leave. Such as the time we had to leave because the dj was playing maybe 30 seconds of each song, sending a shout out to various cities, then repeat. You can only stand the dj shouting so much. My friend met someone who worked there and he invited us to come by the club. She declined and told him how horrible the wait was even with a reservation and the run around with the hostesses. He said come back and we will get you a table and a bottle of grey goose. We said ok. We showed up and they were kind enough to pour us a few drinks on the house but pushed us to go upstairs. We were fine to go upstairs but had to wait in line even with this supposed vip treatment.The bottom line is this place is fine but not stellar. The best experience we'd had there is when there's space at the bar and we've just ordered appetizers. Can't go wrong there!
3	This review is only for the nightclub.My friend had VIP status so we were able to snag some free tickets to the club. Walking in was a bit confusing.  There is a winding stairway that takes you past a bunch of sinks with running water. I seriously thought it was a place for people to wash their hands or throw up. But I digress. After you pass the weird walkway of sinks, you have to keep walking up the stairs before you finally get to the club. When we arrived, the place was PACKED with people. We arrived around 10:45pm after we were unsuccessful at TAO.  TAO was even more ridiculously packed than LAVO.The music here was really good. I enjoyed the music. But that was pretty much it.  The drinks here are approximately $13 each.  Good luck getting to the bar though. The bar was packed as well. We waited a good 20-30 minutes to get our drinks.The dance floor was small. The perimeter of the dance floor is surrounded by people who reserved table service.  Unless you have a table, there is no where to sit inside Lavo.  After about an hour, we had to leave because there was no room on the dance floor.
3	Oh, LAVO -- you gangsturr you.  From my past two experiences here, I have noticed that LAVO definitely has an affinity for hip-hop and dirty rap (Bay Area style!).  Although, this could also be because Three 6 Mafia came and performed last Sunday!But don't get me wrong -- LAVO is every bit swanky, exquisite, and artistic.  It's no big-name club (like TAO or XS), but for such a humble size, LAVO is surprisingly fun all thanks to the rowdy, upbeat music and club goers.Some downsides?[ - ] Dance floor is way too crowded[ - ] Raucous crowd = more drunk, perverted, grabby dudesSolution?  I recommend getting a table / bottle service.  Both times my friends and I came here, we got bottle service for "free."  This basically means that we didn't pay for the table, but instead gave a generous gratuity to our VIP host.  How? Find friends of friends who know people in Vegas or wait for LAVO promoters to approach you during the day.Granted I've never eaten in their downstairs dining area, I'm sure their food is also noteworthy.  While we were upstairs, Christopher Mintz-Plasse (aka McLovin) dined with friends for his 21st birthday.
2	My review is only for the nightclub and reads like the musical experience there. If my group hadn't thrown down for bottle service ---LET ME HEAR ALL YOU OUT OF STATERS ---there is no doubt this place ---- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, UUUUUGH ----would have gotten one star ---RIP MICHAEL JACKSON---. It was really crowded ---PUT YOUR HANDS UP IF YOU WERE BORN IN THE 70S OR 80S-----and the dance floor is really ---WHO'S FROM CALIFORNIA-----small. The DJ spinning the night we went was horrific, but he seems to love to hear himself talk and somehow he thinks he's "world renowned". For the entire night, there wasn't one song he didn't interrupt. There are some songs that just shouldn't be messed with or interrupted but he couldn't make it 45 seconds without hollering. It messed up the groove and wrecked songs. Luckily nothing can get a bachelorette party down.
3	Normally I wouldn't consider going to LAVO since its always like a 3rd or 4th options compared with Tao/XS, but this particular occasion KC had some comp'd bottle service so we werent going to waste any of it. We stopped by at about 10'ish. KC did his magic, and next thing you know GG and I had our IDs checked, got introduced to our personal hostess and we were seated at our table. Half an hour goes by and the club starts to get packed. I wasn't even able to see the dance floor from our location. There was no way in hell they will give you a good location on comped tables. We were working 1/3 way down the Belvedere bottle. I m not sure what was going on, but GG was having some random convos with a group of grenades infront of our table. With the grenades was this hot looking posh spice look-a-like ( later found out that she even played soccer). I decided to rap with her. The conversation was flowing, and things were going great and next thing you know GG was like .. "Look bro, Tryst is getting packed, we gotta get down there". So we still had 2/3 of the bottle left, and KC decided to let the grenades have at it. I couldn't be a clinger on to Posh Spice. The girl was from Canada and didnt even have a phone on her. I had to old school it and slip her my # on a LAVO napkin. She thought I was her hero. Either ways, we got out of LAVO alive and I didn't take any shrapnels from grenades like GG did.  GG has been voted as MVP at LAVO. PS. I m going to skip the Tryst review. I have like 500 of those.
4	Restaurant:DELICIOUS!! And the servings were huge!! Definitely worth the price b/c you can totally split a dish w/a friend/s. I had the Chicken Parm & it was mouth-wateringly yummy. Had some of my friends' pasta dishes as well & everything was cooked perfectly al dente. I was there for an early B-Day so they got me a delicious chocolate cake. Soooo good!! Service was excellent as well.Club:On the small side. It's mostly tables & a small dancefloor (Which I couldn't even get to partake in b/c the club got really crowded-which sucks b/c I love getting my groove on!). Bar got super crowded as well, had to wait a bit to get a drink. But drinks were really STRONG (my Red Bull/vodka was more like a vodka w/splash of Red Bull - wheee!!), so I wasn't too upset about the wait for a drink & the prices after I'd had a few sips haha. Music was awesome.Would definitely come here again for the food. Club I would do again if I decided to splurge & get a table.
4	Las Vegas...I ask you:  What is the deal with reservations?  Is it customary to make one, and still have to wait?  Are we reserving a time to come to the restaurant to wait?  Seems kind of redundant.  But hey, if that's your policy, fine, just want to make sure we're on the same page.  Although Lavo complies to the Vegas idea that reservations are not for tables but actually just make sure you have space to wait around near the bar, the drinks at said bar were pretty awesome.  And when we did get our table, we split one of their meatballs and that, too, was freakin fantastic.  Not everyone at the table was in love with their food but I had a caprese salad which was enormous, for one thing, and also very tasty.  Do yourself a favor and get the garlic fries with that mayo sauce on the side.  And the meatball.  Then go dance it off if you can still move.
5	I had a great time at this place... When i was there the dance floor wasnt too crowded and they played a great mix of old-school hip-hop & R&B! LOVED it. Although,  Im not sure if every night is like that there!
5	Drink..Dance..Drink..RepeatLAVO nightclub review -As we were a large group, bottle service was a must in order to accommodate everyone. 18 people. 2 bottles of GG. 2 tables and 1 plush bench to mingle around behind a cute velvet rope. Great music all night long kept us on our feet well until 3 am. Dance on the platforms. Dance on the stairs. Dance on the dancefloor.Tidbit - if you order a $1K bottle of Dom P. you'll get a shout out from the MC and a quirky skit on their stage in your honor. They had people in Spiderman and Mario Brothers suits joking up the crowd.
2	We came during 4th of July weekend because a friend found a promoter who said guys could get in for $10 and girls would be free if we came by 10:30pm.  The promoter also promised the girls a Full Open Bar until 11:30pm, which was another huge incentive for us to come.Right before we headed over there, the promoter apparently changed his mind and said that guys had to pay $30.  What the... not cool.  We hoped the free drinks would offset the cost, so we went anyway.  The Full Bar only consisted of basic drinks like vodka/tonic, rum/coke, redbull/vodka but nothing too fancy.  Oh well, it was good enough.The dance floor is TINY, but we still had a lot of fun here!  Much more fun than we had at Tao.  We enjoyed the Deejay and the music he played.  Good times.
4	I like Lavo. I enjoy Rock 'n' Roll wine events on Thursdays. I like drinking free wine for two hours and sitting outside, watching the bad pirate show at T.I.I went to the night club part the other day for a pre-NHL Awards event. A promoter put me on his guest list, so I got in right when it opened and enjoyed the open vodka bar. I will note that "open vodka bar" means free watered down vodka over ice for ladies. Whatever. It's free!The music's pretty good, the club is pretty small, but it's a pretty cool spot. There's a little stage behind the VIP booth where girls can get up and dance around, plus some special platforms for dancers hired by the club. It's definitely one of the nicer nightclubs in Vegas. I'd like to try the restaurant next!
3	I went to Lavo, Fourth of July.  Had little trouble getting in, just stood in line with the regular folk around 11pm.  We were on the guest list through a promoter so ladies got writst bands for open bar from 11 to midnight.  There was no problem getting the wrist bands for the guestlist, which is nice because sometimes you go to clubs and the people with the lists ignore you and treat you like poopoo.Guests staying at Palazzo got in free with showing their room key.Open bar was ok except one of my girlfriends ordered a vodka tonic, and there was zero vodka.  It was free so it wasnt such a big deal.PROs:  I never felt hot in this club, the AC system is superb.Music is great, surprisingly very short wait if any for the bathroomCONs: This place is always crowded, jammed packed with people.You will get spilled on and you will get stepped on.The door men need to really control the number of people they let in its ridiculous, they need to cut the number of people by half.The featured DJ that weekend never showed up. We left around 1:30 because we got tired of being smashed up against people on the dancefloor.  The whole time I'm on the dance floor I was touching a minimum of 3 people at a time because it was so crowded.  I got elbowed, spilled on and stepped on so many times, i had to laugh it became funny .  haha
4	I had a friend in town and he wanted to smoke a cigar and sit on the patio.  We chose LAVO because it was a bit late and they are a late night kind of place.We did wait a bit for a cocktail server, but once she found us she was very nice and on the ball with our Scotch.Great vibe and a cool setting made us happy with our choice.  I was watching service at the dining tables and think that I will venture back for some grub some time.
5	four words: Polenta Fries and Tiramisu!
3	Lavo is really small but I love the little sink/bathtubs that line the hallway as soon as you get up to the 2nd floor (the club area). I only come here because we met this chick at Caesar's that promotes it and Tao. The last 2 times that I went, they have open bar so of course I was ecstatic! I mean, I had a great time for free although the type of alcohol you can get is limited. The music is OK....with the occasional old school ones where people leave and disperse from the dancefloor. Their go-go dancers are pretty hot and they have girls that bathe each other by the bar or something like that. Oh! And sometimes you'll see a midget slave walking around chained up to his fat lady master...hahaha! I swear!
5	YUM!!!! This place was awesome! I loved it! We came here for a 21st birthday party and I am so glad we did. The food was insane! And as a vegetarian there were plenty of options and the servings were huge. I had the Rigatoni with buffalo mozzarella and tasted a few of the other dishes. Then we ordered several of each dessert on the menu and I have to say The fried oreos and strawberry shortcake were my favorite. I would definitely go back here again for the amazing food.
4	Loved the vibe here...great music...great crowd...not so monotonous as the mega-clubs with big groups. It was kind of annoying how many pictures the girls were taking in groups and we did ask the bouncer to boot some boring chicks from our booth for just sitting chatting to each other  and not enjoying the night.  It took several rounds of asking though.   Booked a table, the host was really chill and we got in quickly, table wasn't in the greatest location but they moved us later when a table cleared up which was really nice.   Place is really small but better than the mega-clubs like Tao or XS...the crowd is definitely a lot better and no bouncer bullshit attitudes as with other spots.
4	Since we were staying at Palazzo, it was ideal to do some pre-partying at LAVO. As hotel guests, I'm sure the Concierge could have hooked it up for us, but as I knew a promoter, my girls and I got a VIP table and open bar from 11pm-midnight. Really, the BEST way to pre-party on a Sunday night.LAVO is a really nice spot for lounging, especially for a group of girls. The whole space is very chic and intimate, with the restaurant on the lower level and the club on the top. The cocktail servers are all gorgeous - loved their hot corset dresses - and very attentive. Once we were out of a drink, they were right on it. The crowd was very mixed - an all ages kind of spot. While it was awesome to see a female hitting the decks, the music was also very mixed and after Mariah Carey's "Fantasy" came on, it was our cue to leave. Not that I have anything against Mariah, but I like singing that song at a karaoke club.Tip: The promoters all hang out inside the restaurant, and they're pretty easy to spot as they're the guys in suits on their Blackberries surrounded by women.
3	This Review is for the Nightclub ONLY.Overall, this nightclub is..just OK, haha.  I'd give it a 3-3.5 stars.  There's nothing horribly wrong with this club, but there's nothing that really stands out either, so I guess it'd be your club if you want something that's pretty stable.  This place isn't the most bumpin' club on the street, partly because it's not as big of a club and more of a lounge/restaurant.  But unlike other lounges, they actually do have a dance floor.Getting in isn't that hard.  If you have a promoter this place is pretty easy to get in, and if guys have to pay, it shouldn't be more than $20-$30 for cover, which is pretty typical in Vegas.  The line isn't that long either.  The bouncers don't seem as strict about guys' attire, but I'm pretty sure dress shoes and button-up collared shirts would be your best bet.Going in, it looks pretty nice.  The entire downstairs is mainly the lounge/restaurant area, and the club is actually in a separate room upstairs across a mini bridge-like thing.  When you walk in the club you can pretty much choose to go left or right.  The bar is on the left, and the dance floor and the booths are mostly to the right. The dancefloor isn't too big, but it's decent, I guess.  The music has its ups and downs, but they do play pretty good music.  Mostly hip-hop music.  The crowd is slightly older, probably late 20s and into the mid-30s.  Everyone on the dancefloor dances and can be pretty drunk, but it's not filled with people just standing idly goggling and any go-go dancers.  Speaking of which, I don't remember any, but I might  be wrong. At the bar, their prices are pretty Vegas-priced, maybe slightly cheaper? I don't really quite remember.  But their drinks are a hit or a miss, just like any regular club.  They're either really good or really bad, so you can't really tell what you'll get.
3	I actually had a lot of fun here. IT's REALLY EXPENSIVE HERE!!! We didn't have to wait in line, but originally it was supposed to be $10 for guys, but it ended up being $30, oh well. Free drinks for the girls. I was quite thirsty, so thanks to the girls in our group hooked me up with a couple of drinks, quite refreshing because there wasn't much alcohol. I bought 8 shots here, and it came out to $120!!! It's more expensive than Club XS!!!!! Dance area is pretty small and stuffy, music is okay. Overall, I had a good time with good friends! =)
4	3.5 stars.Dinner portions are enormous and taste is slightly above average.  I had the chicken parm that took up the entire plate.  Ordered calamari that was pretty bad but the excellent dipping sauce made up for it.  Drinks are awesome!
3	I'm gonna go with 3.5 stars and round down, because of the club. Here's a review for both the club and the restaurant:RESTAURANT: Well, the night started off poorly. We had reservations (5 person group) for 10:15. After arriving at 10:00PM, we checked in and were told to expect a 10-15 minute wait. No big deal, we were early. But after 35 minutes, especially since we thought it'd be quick and didn't bother to hit the bar, it began to become a problem. We let the hostess know, and she told us that it would be a few minutes.Here's where I pause to say that if you DON'T know, or you DO know that it'll be longer - just be upfront, or have someone else talk to us. I know it's a late night on one of their bigger club nights (Sunday), but let's be reasonable. After another 15 minutes (we've now been waiting for 50 minutes after being told 15), my wife spoke to a manager.The manager was VERY helpful and accommodating. We were told our first round of drinks would be comped, and she sat us right away. Okay, definite plus marks there. Great customer service goes a long way.On to the service and the food: The service is GREAT. Our waiter, Casey - was extremely knowledgeable, funny, and attentive. He didn't have to be told by us about the comped drinks, and gave great recommendations on the menu. Although, BE WARNED - the food is served a la carte, and as such, they are relentless upsellers (as to be expected, really). The sides and appetizers are fantastic though, and are quite big portions for both the apps and entrees.I got the Chicken Parm, which was pretty good but nothing fantastic. It is HUGE (I finished about half). However, my side - the asparagus with lemon and pepper was GREAT. My wife got the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs which was EXCELLENT (and is in need of no side dish whatsoever). Our table also got an appetizer - the fried zucchini - which was also very, VERY good. Again, great service - and their specialty drink, the Saggio (blueberry vodka, sage, lemon juice), is HIGHLY recommended. Their garlic bread with marinara that they bring out is also just fantastic. Bill was around $300 for the 5 of us with a couple drinks a piece (granted, one comped round). And now, the club:UGH.Well...I should preface this by saying if I hadn't had so much fun at Vegas clubs in the past, and this was my first experience, I would have hated it. Not because the music was bad...in fact, it was GREAT (the DJ downstairs in the restaurant was also excellent). The sound system? Fantastic. I am a DJ and a bit of a music snob, so I am a bit hard to impress when it comes to this stuff. But on that level, they nailed it.Unfortunately though, it was packed like sardines. Not like a typical packed Vegas club - I mean it was packed wall to wall with VERY little room to move. There were very few security guys keeping walkways open, and it had to have been over capacity. There is a difference between a full club, and an uncomfortably packed club. They were NOT holding the line, and every single inch of the club was just hot, packed, and uncomfortable. Not the greatest environment.However, the decor is great, the music is great...it would have been much better to see some organization and management of the crowd and line. Overall, I would return to the restaurant, but I doubt I'd be back to the club.
1	I had the pasta with clams of which I have had at over a hundred Italian restaurants.  This is one of the worst I have tasted.  The sauce tasted like tomatoes with no other added ingredients.  I was forcing the pasta down to try to reduce my hunger.  I also had the caprese which had tomatoes that were way oversized and not ripe.  When there are 2 main ingredients to this dish, best to make sure they are both excellent.  Other people were complaining about their food with some people thinking it was good.
3	Nightclub only:There's nothing special about this place. It doesn't suck, but it's not somewhere I would be excited to go to either. I had a good time, but nothing stands out. We stayed at the Palazzo so getting in was cake. Some friends stayed at another hotel and found getting in pretty easy as well. We have promoter friends though, so I don't know how it would be for the general population. I think one of the main reasons this club isn't so 'hot' is because it's smaller than other clubs. It has a lounge vibe, which is cool. It's just not somewhere to go pop bottle and hook up with models. However, it's a good place to pregame.
4	First impression?  Spectacular and gorgeous!  We decided to dine here during convention upon rec from my parents.  Since I adore Italian cuisine I was definitely game.I wish I could remember the name of the cocktail I ordered because it was really tasty.  I do remember that it had blueberry vodka and sage and was really refreshing.  They were featuring a special app with squash blossoms and zucchini.  Yes please!  Fried squash blossoms are such a treat during the summer for my family that I had to try LAVO's version.  I must confess that my Italian Great-Grandmother's recipe is better, but I did enjoy having them in a restaurant.  For my entree I selected the ravioli.  It was stuffed with cheese and so much better than what you purchase in the grocery store.  The filling was a little salty for my taste, but it could have been the cheese since some varieties can be a little on the salty side.  Other than that, they were good.Our server was as sweet as she could be and gave good recs as far as what to order.  I always appreciate that info.  I would have loved to have ordered dessert, but I was waaaay to full to indulge.  Next time...
4	Delicious!!!A group of us gals came here to start my sisters bachelorette party. We hadn't heard of it before and we were staying at Encore so it wasnt in our hotel. We just found it online and booked it!I am so glad that we did. The service was very good for a large group and our drinks from the bar came very fast. My sister and I shared the mozarella balls and my god they were so good! We still talk about them! The portions are good sized and its authentic Italian food so if you order the shrimp scampi youre gonna get shrimp. Not olive garden style where it comes with pasta and never ending salad and breadsticks (shout out to the party pooper of the group ;D )Its in the Palazzo so if you are staying there or are in Vegas and want some good Italian food give it a try!
4	hmmmm i went there on July 4th. So what happened? FULL OF PEOPLE!! People were lining up for hours outside. I wasnt part of them thank god for that. My bf and I were given 2 VIP passes by a group of girls who work for LAVO when we were shopping around. They spotted us from far and waved their hands. I looked at my bf and said "oh, do I know them? But they are cute! " . So the girls came up to us and one of them said "u both look so cute together, and I loveeee your dress". I don't normally like being stopped in the middle of my shopping immediately cut her off and said do u want to sell something? She said oh no, we want to invite you guys to LAVO and TAO tonight, we want to give you these VIPS passes so you guys can go in just fine, no need to line up. I said what's the catch? She said nothing, just show up, we love beautiful people in there. We were like ok, if we can make it because we have a show to watch. But we indeed made it. =) LAVO was crowded, the line was looonnggggggggg but we did not have to line up for hours like the rest of them, club goers. They were there since 8.30 pm!! Noone questioned us, nothing. The bouncer treated us like VIP =) He walked us in. LMAO. I mean, I never had to line up anywhere because I don't like it. I wont go to a club unless it's a VIP pass or a bottle service. I don't care how fancy the club is, I am not the type that go ga-ga over some stupid clubs. I love dancing and loud music, no doubt, but to wait in line? NO WAY!OK, back to LAVO. All the tables were booked. I, like the rest of the crowds had to line up to get some drinks. It took us about 15 -20 mins to get some. And they were expensive!! We spent about 50 on 2 small drinks, and another 25 on some stupid shots and I did not even taste the alcohol in it. Then we went to the dancing floor, and it was packed! Cant even move around much but heck, we enjoyed the night. We stayed till 1.30 am because we were tired. When we walked out, there was still a long line to get in. Wow.  It's a small club really, don't think they can fit more than 300 people? I don't know but downstairs is a bar/lounge area. So who ever needs some fresh air, away from the crowds and dance a bit, they can go there!
2	The best part of this place is the decor.  It is quite beautifful.  I will make this short by saying that from the time we walked in (party of 3) everything was slow.  Slow to get our drinks, slow to get our table.  Our waiter had no personality at all.  The food?  eh...I've had better at home.  The portions were quite large, though.  They make over their sauce that you dip your bread that comes in foil to your table.  It was nothing that I haven't tasted before.  It was middle of the road.  Not bad, but wasn't OMG.  The appetizers lacked seasoning all around.  The meatball is huge, but was just okay.  Everyone else in my group enjoyed with they got, so that was good.  I ordered the braised short ribs with risotto.  It was brought to as a pile of risotto and a few shredded pieces of short rib.  The risotto was overcooked.  Mush.  Flavorless.  No seasoning AGAIN.  The short ribs (what little bit was there) were tough.  When the waiter saw I had hardly touched it, he offered to get something else, but I was finished with them.  We didn't even go up to the club.  I was over that place.  With all of the options in Vegas, this is a forgettable place.  Wouldn't go again....
5	Lavo in the Palazzo- Italian Restaurant, Nightclub and LoungeLavo in the PalazzoI love going to Lavo, they have a great patio right on the strip, comfortable couches in the lounge and the restaurant is an open concept. Fun spot for people watching.The food is delicious! Lots to choose from.  The table I was with ordered, garlic bread, flat bread, salads, pastas, steak, mussels. I tried a bit of everything.  Loved the garlic bread with the tastiest tomato sauce for dunking the bread in. I would recommend it all.I have 2 recommendations for this hot spot.1. Make the online menu in larger print.2. Update the prices on the wine list. We ordered a couple of glasses of Merlot before dinner and on the menu it says $10.00 when we got the bill we were charged $12.00. When we asked the waitress why, she said we only have $12.00 Merlot. They adjusted the bill with only a bit of attitude.I will go back, In fact I went back the next night and ordered a glass of California wine $14.00, and the menu still has a $10.00 Merlot.Tip: Always check your bill. I used to never check my bills until recently when I realized once I got home I paid more the ticketed price.http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/do-you-check-your-bill/
2	This review is for Lavo Nightclub- not Lavo Restaurant.My friend said that she could get us free drinks here to pre-game with before heading out to XS. Since we were staying at Palazzo, we were like why not right? Once we got into the club, we were like WTF... This place is so small! The dance floor is the size of my bedroom, no joke. And the people here dancing were fug... some girls were wearing FLIP FLOPS! Who wears FLIP FLOPS to a club... in VEGAS?!! This is not a hot club like Tao or XS... don't come here unless you can't get into clubs normally. I guess that's what those people were doing.Deuces!
3	We had dinner here for a bachelorette party.  I have mixed feeling about the restaurant part.  Since we had such a big group, we had to do a set dinner menu.  The price per person for the menu was about $100.  For the food we got, it was not worth the price.  BUT in Lavo's defense, we picked the food.  So I guess I'd like to go back and try something off of their regular menu.  For what we did have:  Mussles in marinara sauce, the sauce was good, but over  1/2 of the mussels were not cooked all the way and did not open.  Garlic break and marinara sauce - the flavor was there but the presentation was an F.  They brought out a plate with a bowl of marinara sauce and a loaf of garlic bread wrapped in tin foil.  They put it on the table and I was confused.  Also, there was no serving pieces for the sauce or bread.  In a restaurant like this you'd think the presentation would be looked after a bit more.  The flat bread was yummy, served on a baking stone so that was fine.  The dinner (again this was partially not fabulous but only bc of what was choosen by our group): 2 pastas, French fries, mashed potatoes, broccoli.  What a strange combo, but all I can do is rate each item on its own.  The pastas were cooked al dente and the sauce had a great flavor.  I like al dente so it didn't bother me, but some girls didn't like it.  The starches were good - but how can you mess up fries or mashed potatoes.  The broccoli was steamed - that's about all I can say about that, it's broccoli so how can you really say any more? The service was outstanding - our waiter was super friendly and funny (and cute!) and he kept the wine flowing.  I'd definitely give Lavo another try, just because I don't think I got the full experience with our personal tasting menu.  On a plus, they put a personalized menu out for us with our bachelorette's name and the date - a nice keepsake.  I enjoyed the ambiance - it was super upbeat, chic and trendy.  The music was hip hop and everyone was just dancing in their seats having a good time at dinner.  For now I will give Lavo a 3, but I have a feeling it is just because I was there for a event that required a set menu and I was thrown off by the garlic bread wrapped in tin foil, LOL.  If I return,  hopefully I can give it a 4 or 5.  The club - great music, EXTREMELY crowded, but drink and shot prices weren't terrible.  The dance pit was insanely crowded. I think if you had VIP or table service you would have the roped off area that surrounds the dance floor.  I don't know if that is a good thing though bc the dance floor was so crowded I would feel trapped at your table.  I heard from a waitress that we met at Tryst that the night club is notorious for having extremely long lines.  The club was a bit on the smaller side (compared to places like Tryst, Jet, Pure, Moon).  For the club, I'd give it a 2 just for the reason that there are so many other fab clubs in Vegas.
4	Was there last weekend with 4 of my Girl friends!  Most of us were vegetarian .. so if you are .. this will be the review you want to read. First - the atmosphere was awesome.  We had reservations .. so had to wait just a little bit before our table was ready.  The server was very kind and the service was quick. We got the Roasted Beet Salad & Mixed Green Salad for the table - Very very yummy!! The dressing was perfect! They gave us plain bread and some garlic bread with a tomatoey sauce - very niceFor my main dish, I ordered the Rigatoni Melenzana with no cheese.  Most of our my veggie friends ordered the same.  The server was so nice, that they had first made it forgetting to not toss the sauce with some parmesan.  So sent it back before bringing it out.  I thought that was sweet cause frankly I wouldn't have noticed. The roasted eggplant in the dish was just out of this world.  a must get for all vegetarians! One word of caution - their serving sizes are HUGE.  So you will have plenty saved up for lunch the next day!  That makes the dish even more worth the bucks you pay. For Drinks, we ordered pomegranate limanada (i think it was a special that day) in a pitcher.  Apparently, it served 5 cocktails.  But it looked like a lot more and we couldn't finish it. Dessert, the table shared Fried Oreos with Icecream.  Apparently thats what they are famous for.  Everyone said it was the most divine combo ever!Overall, I highly recommend folks to try this place out when you head to Vegas!  The restaurant also has a club which you will get entrance to if you dine there. Added bonus! :)
4	I came in here shortly after they opened a couple of years ago.  Their initial idea was hilariously bad.  Restaurant/Club/Bathhouse.  Bath house?  I knew the bath house idea would be short-lived.  Just not appetizing.  When I think bath house I think either fat, hairy european men lounging around naked or sweating in saunas or I think of another even less appealing vision that I'm sure y'all probably were also thinking.Anywho...Yeah, so the original chef was some cocky douche from LA who was dumped almost immediately after the grand opening.  He was doing the small plates/mezze thing.  His food was okay, but the room was too loud and clubby and not really conducive to eating overpriced, mediocre, cliched grub, or eating at all.  Very loud and annoying.Fast forward to last week and I thought I'd give it another shot and voila!  A fine restaurant had arisen like a phx from the bath house's ashes!  Nothing earth-shattering original here, just good Italian grub.  I can't remember what I ate, but the room is stunning, the mood has been chilled, the service was right the hell on and the vittels were scrumptious.Nice save, Tao Group.
5	Good food, great atmosphere.  Love the garlic bread, lobster bisque and kone stuffed rice balls.. Our waiter was very pleasant. Tiramisu was so so.  Not really a family enviroment per se, but my 12 year old daughter loved it.
3	Review is for the NIGHTCLUB portion only:Located inside the Venetian and run by the same people as Tao, it's a restaurant that turns into a nightclub venue after hours.  However, the bar and dance area seem to be separate from the main dining area below.  To get to the bar/dance area, you have to go up some stairs, cross a catwalk with a bunch of running sinks, and then up some more stairs.  Odd right?  In any case, it's a decent venue but fairly modest in size.  There's a fairly large triangular shape bar with a bunch of tables lining the wall on one side for those that get table service.  They have a dance floor on the other side of the room that got really packed as the night went on, along with some additional tables around that and the VIP area on one side.  There's also a second, small bar by the dance floor, but I'm not sure if they are stocked like the main bar.Maybe it's because LeBron James was in the house the Friday night we went, but this place was just INSANELY PACKED.  At it's peak, we were basically stuck standing in the same place as it was just too crowded around us for us to seek shelter somewhere.  Fortunately for us, our spot was right at the counter of the bar, so easy access to drinks while we stood there.  And stood.  And.....stood.  I have no idea if there was anything else beyond the triangle bar, dance floor, and table section since it was just too hard to move, but it didn't seem like there was.The staff is very mixed.  The bartenders were all really nice and the one we bought all of our drinks from (by default) was really friendly with us.  She seemed to be relatively generous with her pours so that was a nice plus.  The security and hostesses on the other hand, were a few pegs below the bartenders.  Granted, it was crowded, hot, and kind of loud, and all of these buzzed people were a little slow in reacting to them waving flashlights in the air to get people to move.  But really, literally pushing people out of the way is largely unnecessary.  I mean, it's not like they were leading LeBron himself to a table...just jamming their way through to clear the area for people who are still making their way upstairs.  If they wished it wasn't so crowded (I certainly felt that way)...then maybe they shouldn't have let so many damn people inside!Although we ultimately didn't need them, my friend and I were chatting with the cab driver on the way to Lavo and he was nice enough to give us some drink coupons and discount passes on cover.  Definitely helps to talk to your cab driver if you can, though you can get some passes at concierge too if you are staying at the hotel.  And for the ladies, you may want to try to come early if you can.  We ended up making it to Lavo by about 10:30 or so after dinner, and the girls scored free drinks until 11:00 I believe.  Thankfully, they were kind enough to pass along some drinks to us guys as well.
3	I travelled about 3000 miles to eat at Assagio's...oh wait, I'm eating at Lavo??? So the food was just ok.  I ordered the fettucini alfredo that could have come out of any Italian restaurant.  My sister's pasta was overly adante....or more like undercooked.  The service was slow and inattentive for a popular restaurant.  They brought out the appetizer before giving us any plates.  We even had to ask for plates haha maybe they wanted us to go at it savage style.  The best part of the meal was the complimentary garlic bread.The decor and atmosphere was very nice.  Good for business meetings, dates and friends' outings.  The reason for the extra star is because we came back for the nightclub and they put us in front of the line and gave us a complimentary table and drinks :)  Way to make a customer feel special!  The club area was small as well as the dance floor.  The music wasn't really my style as they were playing some random oldies.  The stairs on the way out were poorly lit, or rather not lit at all, causing my sis to fall.  But a second after, we were surrounded by flashlights and 8 gentlemen catering to our every need so plus to them for noticing!  I would come back again for the club, maybe not the restaurant.
3	Note that this is a review for the restaurant and not the club experience. (Hey Yelp, maybe there should be a way to separate the two for venues that function as both!) Had dinner at Lavo with a large group of friends. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful. I don't say this about a lot of restaurants, but ladies, check out the bathroom!!! The meal was accompanied by garlic bread with marinara sauce. Quite yummy, but there was a bit of controversy when we were given refills and then charged for them. After a friend talked to the servers and argued that we hadn't been told there was a charge for refills, the charge was waived. A friend and I shared the Kobe beef carpaccio with black truffle vinaigrette. I like truffle flavoring, but I think the vinaigrette overpowered the beef. Past a certain point with truffle-based sauces, less becomes more.My entree was risotto with braised short rib. The rice was delicious and the short rib had good flavor, but the meat wasn't soft enough. When I think of braised short rib, I think of tender meat falling off the bone.We shared several vegetable sides with the table. Pretty standard stuff. The creamed spinach was a bit too heavy though, even for creamed spinach. Probably our mistake for ordering it in addition to all the food we had.My bf ordered a seared tuna entree, which definitely got an A+ for presentation. I tried a bit, and it was tasty. However, he came down with symptoms of food poisoning several hours later. Let's be honest though - since we were in Vegas, it's hard to tell how much of that was caused or exacerbated by alcohol. Others at the table enjoyed their pizzas, which looked very large for one person, and pastas. I was extremely full after the meal. The menu is available on the website for you to evaluate the prices yourself, but I thought $60 for half an appetizer, an entree, and the split cost of a few sides without any drinks or alcohol was a bit high. Then again, this is the Strip! To sum it up, Lavo is one of the better places I've tried on the Strip, after a series of disappointing food experiences. (Refer to other reviews if interested.)* decent food but with something left to be desired * great presentation* wonderful interior* sufficient seating for large groups* slightly high prices
5	Excellent!!!!I had the 8 oz steak and so did 3 others and we all said that this was the best steak we have ever had. And I'm comparing that to a Park City Utah steakhouse and a Reno steakhouse we go to for a yearly trip. Lavo, by far, exceeded all those places.The service was perfect. I recommend this place to everyone. A must for an Vegaser before hitting the town.
4	Went to the restaurant and the club...I'll start with the restaurant. (BTW, the restaurant gets 4 stars...the club gets 0)The decor inside was gorgeous, it felt very intimate with low lighting, and tables set waaaay too close together. But trust me, three glasses of wine later, you won't even notice that you can hear every word out of your neighbor's mouth, and presumably they can hear yours. The food was delicious! I had the spaghetti and kobe meat balls (spaghetti and meatballs, my favorite!) well, the portion was HUGE, and I guess it better be, considering the $34 it costs. Even being the noodle whore that I am, i couldn't even finish half of it. I did manage to eat about two of the giant meatballs though, and they were good.My friend had the veal parmigiano, and it too was good. Covered in good melted cheese, and spicy marinara. We also had the fried calamari as appetizer, and it was delicious. Fried just right, with good spicy marinara. They also served us garlic bread, which was to die for, except some bites were overpowered with too much butter (what, such a thing?) and cheese. Otherwise good. I would go back just for the bread (because I'm a bread whore too, remember?)ON to the club then. So because we ate at the restaurant, they wave the cover, and let you by pass the line. We went back to our rooms for a bit, and went back to the club at around 1. Ha, line pass? No need, there was no line! Anyway, we went in right away, through this maze of a path, and ended up god knows where, and it was just horrific. It was so small and crowded! Also, I was about a foot shorter than everyone there, and I felt like a child (I'm 5'5", btw, I should not be feeling like a child anywhere!)The music was rap (probably my least favorite), the dance floor was so small and crowded, and I felt like I was suffocating! I think at one point the dj threw money into the crowd- let me specify, he threw DOLLAR bills into the crowd. No way in hell I'm bending over to pick up a freakin DOLLAR in such a crowded dance floor in a dress!
5	Extraordinary service.. Open bar and free bottle service for ladies.. Or maybe cuz we met a real nice promoter:) the food here is awesome too! The dancing area may not be as big s xs or pure, etc butthe atmosphere is very welcoming.
5	Loved this restaurant...everything from the complimentary bread to service was absolutely perfect for a first night dinner in Vegas. I had originally made reservations for four but our flights was delayed and then we were late getting ready so I had to call twice to change our reservation times and I had no problems doing so they were really understanding. When we arrive we were seating promptly...love the decor and bathrooms..the food was delicious and our waiter was awesome This is a must when visiting Vegas. Our $240 tab for four including two bottles of wine was worth every penny
3	I'm glad I wasn't paying.  The kobe meatball was good but as large as a softball.  The crab louie salad was delicious and the staff was friendly.  The tuna tar tar was tasty as were the mussels.  They dumped a load on the decorating of this place but considering it's location it's probably expected.  They have a nice wine list and a full bar.  There's also a private dining room for larger groups.
2	This place has super nice decor.Not that I want to come off as an Italian food expert, but for the price and the time, it simply was not worth it. If you compare this place to Carluccio's Tivoli Garden or Buca di Beppo, the quality should be better, and it simply was not. I was here when the club was packed. Lines were filling up the entire casino corridor and I felt like I had to get through so many people just to find the group to which I was joining. If the dinner wasn't free, I would have been an unhappy person that is for sure!Comped dinners probably don't allow you to order whatever you want, so that may be a factor in my experience, but I was still not impressed and this is what I have to share about this place...
3	My girl can basically get us VIP treatment wherever we go.  Yep, she's just got it like that.  ;)  She knows all the right people.  All of a sudden, grown men become 13 year old blubbering teenage boys hypnotized by her beauty.  I'm totally serious.  No line, VIP table, and open bar.  Sweet.LAVO is a perfect place to pre-party.  We walked in and the restaurant was absolutely beautiful.  We were told to go upstairs and I was surprised to find a really nice club area.  It's small and refreshingly not pretentious, but I can't imagine staying for the whole night.  It isn't a place to go people watch or expect to find the most beautiful people in Vegas, but it's definitely a kick-back place that you can let loose and start the night.The music was awesome at first and I loved how it was a female DJ spinning.  However, the music got progressively worse and our 11pm-midnight VIP table with open bar expired.  That was our cue to exit and go cause some trouble elsewhere.  ;)3.5 stars overall.
4	Did not eat here so my review is for Lavo the night club/lounge.  One thing I liked about Lavo is that it was not overcrowded like some of the other places I was at on previous nights.  There wasn't the long line that you find at Tao, and the bouncer was not nearly as pretentious.  The decor inside was beautiful, classic Italian style.  The crowd was very cool as well.  They had models that stood in a classic style bathtub and washed themselves which I had never seen before, so even if you are bored there's something to watch.  :-)
4	We went to Lavo only to eat and had a wonderful night.  Our waiter Kyle was wonderful.  We went to this restaurant with the idea we would just have pizza.  Kyle changed all of that.  We started w/a Caprese salad.  The tomatoes were not ripe and 2 of the tomatoes had the "core" in it.  Kind of a bummer for $18.00, but the overall taste of the salad was great.  I had the most expensive spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had.  It was really really good but I don't feel it was worth $32.00!  The pizza's we ordered for appetizers were great!  Our waiter suggested the meatball pizza (which is what the chef's make for the staff) and it was good but the "white" cheese pizza was absolutely incredible.  All of the staff was great that served us.  They were on their game.   We ate about 6:00 so it wasn't loud at all.
4	Review for nightclub only.Open bar before 12 AM, starts at 1030. Got in comped with a group of girls and had a nice selection of drinks between whisky, rum, and vodka. Played music from the early 2000s, so it was quite refreshing from the usual top 40. Like some other review said, good place to preparty.
4	This review is for the nightclub and the lounge. We did not get around to eating here. The lounge is nice and laid back with outdoor seating that overlooks the strip. The nightclub was wayyyyyy too crowded. A nice club but they need to either expand or have less people in there.
4	Amazing scallops and larger than life prawns! I recommend sitting outdoors to enjoy that Vegas hot summer night and the Treasure Island pirate show. With great music and a lively ambiance, you're also greeted with the comforting scent of fresh baked garlic bread with marinara dipping sauce.
4	This is for the nightclub ONLY. My friend knew a promoter, so all the girls were able to go in for free. Unfortunately, the promoter said my boyfriend would only have to pay 15 bucks and then right when we got to the club, he told my boyfriend it's actually 30..grrr I went on a Saturday and it was free drinks for ladies until 11:30 :D Drinks are pretty standard (cranberry vodka, vodka + redbull), but I'm not really picky when it comes to drinks. Everything that happened after drinking a ton is kind of a blur, but I do remember that the dance floor is pretty cramped. I almost lost my purse because someone rammed into me and I dropped my purse on the floor. My friend was able to retrieve it for me, thank goodness. Other than the limited space, I really liked this club. Music was mostly mainstream, hip-hop stuff which is my favorite thing to dance to. The crowd was around my age (early 20s) and I saw some mid/late 20s people as well. The energy of the crowd was really upbeat and fun which makes dancing a 100 times better. Unfortunately, my group got kicked out early (around midnight) because my friend got too drunk and sat on the floor. I would totally go back to this club, not for the decor or the space or the HYPE or anything. But just because it's a great place to just go and dance til your feet are so sore, you can hardly walk back to your hotel.
3	Came here on a Sunday night because apparently there wasn't the greatest selection of clubs open. I was not disappointed. The door and management staff were superb to us ladies. The bartenders took freakin' forever and the bar was a bit of a messy area. The place isn't that big, but it was fun. Super crowded, and with weird funky birthday music playing every now and then. I did love the trip up and down the stairs with all of the running water. That was pretty amazing. Overall, it was a good experience and I enjoyed it. Better music could've been played however :)
3	Yum!My first real meal in Vegas was at Lavo for dinner. Four of us went and were seated quickly (I forget if someone had made a reservation) but it was relatively empty (7pm on a Wednesday night) so not too surprising.My companion ordered the kobe beef carpaccio as an appetizer for the table, not knowing that carpaccio is raw meat (he was just lured by the word 'kobe' because he loves it). Anyway, when that dish came out, the meat was HOT PINK. I love carpaccio but it seemed unnaturally radioactively pink. It came with a little arugula salad that was nicely dressed and a crisp parmesan cheese wafer that was yummy. The beef was okay, but not the type of carpaccio I'm used to. There were way too many parmesan cheese shavings on the meat itself and too much salt and pepper for my taste.For my main dish, I got risotto with braised short ribs. The risotto was creamy and delicious and the short ribs were tender and flavorful. My companion ordered steak, which was really good, but nothing outstanding about it. The other couple ordered the rigatoni with sausage and bolognese sauce and chicken marsala. I got to try the chicken marsala and it was really good; flavor was nice and not too overwhelming or salty. However, the portion size for the chicken seemed rather small, but then again, I'm a greedy pig.For drinks, I asked for a bellini and the waiter said that they had something called the lavollini (or something using the name of the restaurant) so I got that. There wasn't anything different about it, except the name, because it tasted like a standard bellini.And just to mention, the waiter we had was in training or something, so he had some tiny girl following him around all night, watching his every move.Overall, a pleasant experience, but nothing bedazzling about it at all.
4	I went there once, and I had a good time.  No cover cuz I got on the list since I was staying at Palazzo.  It's like a smaller version of tao.  good time though.
4	I am a much bigger fan of the restaurant than the club area.  Very few things are better for outdoor strip dining than a nice night on their balcony with a couple of pizzas and bottles of wine with good friends.  It's pretty reasonably priced too!
5	Nightclub review!I had more fun at LAVO than I did at TAO. Got in free on Friday night, and everybody is incredibly nice, from the bouncers (thank you, bouncer inside, who held me up as me and my drunken friend switched our shoes) to the bartenders. The music was GOOD, and I never stopped dancing for a second. This particular night LMFAO was performing (or so I was told the next morning...my memory fails me as the entire night was a blur). My only gripes about this place was that it was incredibly crowded and thus it was hard to sift through the crowd.
3	--- This is a review for the club, not the restaurant. --- I had high expectations since the first floor was nice, as was the hallway with all the sinks (looks better than it sounds). But then I walk into the club and it was, well, tiny and sweaty. It just looked worn down. However, there were some pluses... for example, not having to pay & 1/2 price for the guys (thanks to a very hospitable promoter), open bar for ladies before 11:00 pm, but only simple drinks like vodka cranberry, long islands, etc. Of course, cheap vodka, cheap everything, but they are NOT stingy on the alcohol and fully intend on getting you drunk. The bartenders & the bouncers are all nice as well, and the crowd was okay. Because Lebron was supposed to be hosting that night (I left before he got there) it was super packed, which is good and bad. I wasn't blown away by the venue, but the music was decent and I still ended up having a good time. Great to come here for the open bar!
3	This is for the nightclub, not the restaurant.I went here with ten other friends, five guys and six girls, over Memorial Day weekend. That was our first issue, never go during the holidays because you'll pay 200% more for everything that time...even though it doesn't change from the weekend before or after. Well, maybe it will be less crowded.Anyways, we were the first ones in line for the guestlist. Girls were free, guys cover was $60. All the boys sucked it up and paid that amount. Since we were some of the first people in there, we took full advantage of the open bar. We snagged some drinks for our guy friends as well. Within the next hour, it got very crowded, since it is such a small venue. The music was a little outdated...early 2000's. We found a little spot between the VIP area and a walkway. It ended up getting way too crowded, that we decided to leave around 12-1230.Like other people have said, it's a good place to start out at, but it's not a place that you'll stay all night at, unless you have a table and don't have to be smashed next to everyone else.
4	Nice las vegas club.. If your a chick you get to get in for free and free drinks before 12:30pm.. And guys like us get to pay $30 to get in and struggle at the bar trying to purchase a drink past all the chicks trying to get their free drinks... Lol over all the club is small and tight when filled to capacity.
3	This place was gorgeous. I loved the ambiance, kind of reminded me of Tao. If you're looking for a place that's lively, loud, kind of loungy but at the same time wanna have a meal this is the place to go. It's not a place you want to go to if you actually want to have conversations with people if you're a group of 4 or more. It's just too loud so you end up only talking to the people right next to you. Service was lousy! We were famished. We didn't even get complimentary bread until i had to ask for it 45 minutes later. It took an hour to get our food. I can understand if it's 30 minutes but 1 hour for food is long. The food was good! BUT the portions were MASSIVE. We ordered the pre fix menu and typically you would think the portions would be smaller if it's a pre fix but not, these portions were just over overwhelmingly huge.  The Ceasar Salad they gave us could feed 5 people and it was for one person, my rice beef balls were tasty but there were 3 big balls and i was full from just eating that. Now the Entree - the seabass was a good portion for one person. No complaints there and it was delish however, the other dishes, like hte chicken parmigan was the size of the entire plate. IT WAS HUGE. My friend and i were supposed to share it and we couldnt even eat 1/4 of that chicken.  Sadly that was a lot of food wasted. The dessert was not good! The tiramisu was like hard rolls and again the quantity was just a lot. My recommendation is don't order any pre fix menu from this place.It''ll get VERY pricey. We paid $85 per person. That's absurdly expensive, i think. I recommend just ordering the individual entrees.
5	This place has really earned it's four stars.Went there the Sunday before Labor Day and was insanely impressed. The food was AMAZING and the service was perfect. Our server stopped by several times in between each meal landmark (ordering, getting the food, dessert) and if we asked anyone else for a bit of help in between, they were more than happy to help.I plan to go back every time I visit Vegas.
5	This place offers a 5 star customer service. My friends and I experienced a pampered experience at this nightclub. Great customer service by all the staff including security/ hostess/ and bouncers. Great work guys!
1	Reviewing the club here.  This is, hands down, the WORST club I've ever been to in Vegas.  Even if I could get in here for free (which, being a reasonably unconnected regular dude, that won't be happening), I would not.  I don't know what is wrong with the bartenders here, but when you get not one but two AMFs that taste like water, that's a BIG red flag.  Also, the club itself is pretty darn small so it gets crowded VERY quickly.  Trying to get from one side of the club to another anytime around midnight is an exercise in futility that only the brave and flexible should attempt.  This makes it extremely uncomfortable when you're trying to do anything useful like, say, breathing.  Or moving.  Or getting away from the drunk cougar who's trying to put her hand in your pocket.  Which reminds me, the crowd here is definitely older.  Avoid this place entirely.
2	just went here tonight and let me just say that it is not worth the price of admission.  i opted to have dinner here first and the food was salty beyond belief.  it was bad enough that i had to send the dish back, but they didn't even offer to replace my dish.  but they were good enough not to charge us for my dish (although a replacement dish would have been preferred).   so i had to leave hungry.   we went to the club upstairs afterwards and it was a waste of time.  the venue was TINY!  and they were obviously past capacity; it was extremely difficult to walk around, and almost impossible to order a drink.  we ended up leaving after 10 mins.  in conclusion... don't waste your time here.  there are a lot of better options in vegas.
4	the bf and i were looking for something to do on a sunday night and since we had free passes to lavo, and saw a bunch of hot ass women walking towards this place, we went. the door guy was fabulously nice which is rare in vegas and we had a great time here. they started off with a bunch of old school hip hop and then moved onto house when i felt like dancing. perfect. it's small compared to other clubs so it's a different experience. we already did xs on saturday so this place was perfect for a sunday night.
4	It's a four star club in Las Vegas. Well designed, good door service, good bar service, good music.
1	As a local, I am fully aware of what the Vegas night life has to offer. LAVO, unfortunately, does not bring much to the table. I have witnessed the worst service imaginable, here, and I hope that this never happens to anyone else. I was in a party of 9 females and 2 males at a table. We were upgraded to the VIP tables and instantly, it's as if we were being watched like dogs-- not to mention being treated as such, as well. The rather large security guard attempted to escort one of the females of my party from the club for being "too out of hand". (I know this woman and how she acts when she is drunk and I can assure you she was not.) When clubs kick girls out for being too drunk, they are supposed to document it. Her ID was not checked, her name was not written down. Not only did they fail to properly execute this, they left her outside of the casino on the street by herself at 2 in the morning. She did not have her phone, wallet, or a ride home. I'm fairly certain under no circumstances are you supposed to leave a young, single female alone on the strip at that hour, or any other time of the day for that matter. Especially if your job is to protect and ensure safety...? No one else from our party was notified or had any idea where she was. No one, not even other security guards, had any answers. It took us 2 hours to finally find her, wandering in front of the casino entrance. I can only imagine what could have happened if she were drunk to begin with. She could have easily been assaulted, taken advantage of, or worse. The actions of this establishment are extremely unacceptable. That is not the way you treat your guests. Mind you, we were even paying (and tipping) for our table services and alcohol. Which makes me question how they treat people who don't.I am disgusted by this place and I will never be returning here again. I can only suggest that you do the same. You have been forewarned.
5	I LOVE their bathrooms! Mainly because I had to hide out in them for over 30 minutes because I had a guy follow me from another lounge here. He was starting to get so annoying and rude to the bartender and demanded attention, showing off his many black creditcards and namedropping his own name (!) all over the place. I was more into someone else and not him which pee'd him off more and I went and hid. Long story short: the bathrooms are FANTASTICLE! really ellegant and once you figure out how to turn on the water in the sinks you are good to go! The lighting in there makes even the biggest cellulite bump dissapear. The music is really good and the food is better. The bartenders are really nice people, so be nice to them people!! The lines are long at the club so go eat first then go upstairs. Its worth it and good pick up place if you are into little asian chickeroos.
3	Buca di Beppo for the hip and trendy!FOOD: Beware before ordering that the food comes in HUGE portions!Not sure how they decided on this concept as I never would think that people want pounds of bread, pasta and meatballs before dancing the night away at the club.  With that said, the food is pretty decent, but the atmosphere makes it a fun experience. DECOR/ATMOSPHERE:Definitely not indicative of the food as you would expect the place to serve Asian fusion by its look.   Dark lighting, spacious, high ceilings and lively music make for an energetic and fun atmosphere.  Most of the clientele is the young and trendy crowd preparing for the night out.
4	I stayed at the Venetian last week, and got the chance to hit the LAVO club. when I was there, this place was just awesome glow in the dark theme. nice crowds,The DJ were awesome, not even a minute i got bored while inside. Want to get cheaper shots, buy them through the female waitresses. they always walk around and u can get 2 shots for $12 instead of $13 for a shot if you buy it straight from the bar in there. during weekdays, you get in for free :)
5	I ate myself into a food coma here.  The pastas, meatballs, salads were overwhelming large, and just as delicious.  For dessert the strawberry short cake and the fried oreos are a must!
5	Single handedly the best Italian restaurant I have been too. The food there is amazing from the appetizers (suggest the pizza), soups (Minestrone is beyond words), entrees (you cannot go wrong here), and dessert (the zeppoli is amazing). The nightclub is small but the service and atmosphere provided at LAVO is unmatched. The TAO Group has really struck gold here.
5	Although we originally decided to eat here because of the convenience factor (we were staying at the Palazzo), it was probably the best meal me my friends and I had while in Vegas. The night started off with a great server who helped us choose a few things to share, warning us of how big the serving sizes were. And this is a rare quality to have in a server as they usually roll their eyes and get annoyed about people splitting dishes (I know... I used to serve too!)Between 6 girls, we had 2 salads, the cacciatore pizza, spaghetti carbonara(yum!) and the spaghetti with kobe meatballs. We added a side of wild mushrooms. The bread that they bring out with cheese/garlic topping and a side of marinara sauce was UN-REAL. Overall, great service and food made for a great night in Vegas!
4	So underrated, this place.  I'm not a cute girl but I've got great friends that hook it up. So I guess I have nothing to complain about- free entrance, some free drinks (one time a all-u-can drink band) and some good music.  It's a little smaller venue but I like it like that.  So no complaints when 2 girls and 5 guys got in for free.  Thanks friends! =)
2	Oh Lavo you did me wrong!I have been to Lavo a couple times now when I went to Vegas and always had a decent meal...I mean the meatballs were always amazing.Tonight was a different story...I had the Risotto with Braised Short Ribs and couldn't take more then 4 bites before I couldn't take it anymore there was so much salt!! My feet were swelling up as I eating...Others at my table experienced the same thing - and in the end it was quite disappointing! We dropped almost $500 for a meal for 6 people and left bloated and not full :(
4	Had a great meal here the other night .....The weather was just about perfect (if not even just a wee bit nippy when the wind blew) and we had a table outside.  The only downfall was the silly pirate show across the street at TI.  Luckily, it only goes on for 15 minutes or so, but consider yourself warned that it gets LOUD when they are doing their thang.  Service was prompt and our server was nice.  We especially loved him when he brought out freshly baked garlic bread.Salads were huge and could have easily been eaten as a meal (salad #1 was a roasted beet salad and salad #2 was a chopped louie).  Entrees were chicken marsala and brick oven salmon - both totally delicious.  Oh, and the rock salt roasted potato?  Get it if carbs are your friend.  We were too full to even entertain the dessert menu, but I'm sure they were just as great!Lavo, we didn't try your meatballs, but maybe next time!
4	lavo is a good alternative to the bigger clubs in vegas like xs and tao on a friday night. the lines usually aren't too long and the cover does not cost too much. if you plan on going to the xs or tao on saturday, i would definitely suggest hitting up lavo for a less crazy night during your stay. the music here is pretty standard for vegas, they basically play a bit of everything.
5	One of the best restaurant experiences I've had to date. My wife booked a reservation here for our 2 year anniversary. After looking at the menu online, I initially didn't think it would be nice enough- the prices seemed too low. Once I saw the amazing Morrocan decor and noticed a DJ spinning sexy deep house music, I knew this was the ideal spot. The place feels hip and there's a great energy to the ambience and the people watching. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are HUGE! The pastas and entrees were amazing though I wasn't as wowed by the Margarita pizza.We experienced an issue with one of our meals and the manager (Destyn) was remarkably attentive to resolve it. She asked if we were going to the club after dinner and she actually took the time to personally walk us to the front of the line.Everything about this place is cool, but it still manages to feel approachable and friendly. I love it and can't wait to go back!
3	My friends and I went here for the nightclub.  There is a guestlist.  My friends and I always get in through promoters.  The place looks like a cave.  It's small...but the restroom is kind of nice with the huge sink.  The music is good.  This place also have these sofas where you can dance behind on top of it , which is fun to do with the ladies.
4	Excellent, will definitely be going to the location in NYC as I wont be going back to Vegas for a while. Get the meatballs!
2	Tuna tare tare is a a lil tuff compared to what I've had...calamari is not the greatest n the raw oysters I had better.. Asked what kind of oysters n they had no answer!
2	This review is for the nightclub:Bottle service sucks because there is no separation between you and the bar/dance floor.  At 2PM they close half the place and kick my party our of our two tables to one.  That sucked.  Service was only eh..     Really really crowded on a Friday night, I did not feel safe.Nothing special (except the decor) about this club, go across the street to the TI and go to a club with some breathing space.
3	We didn't feel like standing in line for hours and/or paying thousands for bottle service so we went here. We were also given cards to get in free (ladies) and discounts for the guys ($15). So, why not just go here? The guy at the rope (he seemed too small to be a bouncer) was unfriendly and the bouncer was annoying (I guess that's expected). He checked each and everyone of our stamps every time we passed him (to go upstairs).  We're already in the club, man!  Music sucked. They would get me hella hyped with snippets of old school hits (Luniz, Dr. Dre, Snoop, Bel Biv Devoe, etc.). I swear, any good song was only played for 5 seconds before it was mixed with some of those stupid crunk/hyphy songs. Then, they played that shit for hours!
3	We went to Lavo's nightclub our first night in Vegas for something chill, and ate at the restaurant our last night to go out with a bang. What we got was something.. average. For all the hype and celeb appearances surrounding Lavo I was expecting a unique party scene but it was more cookie cutter and mainstream than I'd hoped. Like a really upscale Cheesecake Factory. Hopefully that doesn't come off as bad as it sounds.We might've gone on the wrong night for the club, seeing as how we wanted something chill but still fun. But it was too chill..  and quiet? The club isn't really condusive to dancing and the DJ was just okay. But it's nice, in a dark but clean, pretty cocktail waitresses kind of way. Maybe we were the sober ones but we ended up leaving after about an hour. On our last night in Vegas we wanted a celebatory girls' dinner so I made reservations at Lavo ahead of time. Now, the best part of Lavo is obviously not the food. The food was okay. (My short ribs risotto tasted strongly of seafood. The spaghetti had a sauce so acidic I had heartburn the rest of the night. But the fried calamari... yes!!) It's the people watching and scene that Lavo's known for. Most of the crowd were in their 20's, but there were also a couple older folks.One thing I loved about the restaurant was that it was a mixed crowd, and for a glitz and tits kind of place, I didn't feel uncomfortable and I doubt other people would either, given they know what to expect. There were couples in their 50's enjoying a romantic night out, a group of 15 doing the cha-cha (literally) around their table, groups in jeans and sneakers, and the staff is surprisingly unpretentious.Lavo's a cool place and I think if you want that 'night out' vibe at dinner then it's worth going to at least once. But there isn't enough to make me want to run back.
5	id have to make this place one of my favorite clubs to go to... why? causeGOOD MUSIC WINS, ALL THE TIME.  and by good music (in MY opinion) i mean hip hop... not faux hip hop- like when youre else where and u get all excited- and they turn it into some house mix.  its not as big or lavish as the other vegas night clubs. its actually kinda small.  but the dance floor is easy to get to.. the bar is easy to get to.. the restrooms are easy to get to.  oh and when my girl-friends and i went it was free well drinks on a friday night from 9-10..or 10-11 one of those. WIN! thank you lavo for reimbursing me all the money i lost at palazzo on the slots. 5 stars from me.
3	Been to Lavo several times- it's never my final destination, but a great place to begin, get some free drinks (if you know the right people) and warm up your dancing.One time I even got a free pair of shoes for going to LAVO! hahaThe crowd is nice- but on the nights I've gone, the DJ didn't really do it for me. Me and my friend really tried to enjoy it one night, but it was TOO strange.The decor is nice, although I'm a bit thrown off by faucets and bathroom theme. Haha... still, classy place, and if you know a promoter, then it can become a great spot to pregame or warm up before you hit another club.
3	LAVO was created from the creators of TAO. Where is it located? Well friends, LAVO is  located at the beautiful Palazzo Hotel & Casino! This place was the first nightclub that I started my night off in my Halloween Vegas weekend extravaganza. Upon arriving, I saw that there was a line formed to get inside the nightclub and another to eat at the restaurant. My best friend knew the promoter and we were on the guest list. Walking in the establishment, you entered at the restaurant. The restaurant was on the first floor and the club was on the second floor. I guess this would be an ideal combination if you were dining at LAVO and then wanted to start dancing right off the bat. Burn them calories ya'll :)!As we walked up the stairs and through the hallway, I was a bit confused of why there were a bunch of faucets with flowing water and ice cubes that were lit up. I expected like fire or something else because LAVO reminded me of lava but then reminding me that lava means wash in Spanish and  lavo means bathe in Latin. Therefore,  I concluded that it made sense for the faucets to be there haha! :DSupposedly LAVO overlooks the The Strip where you can see one of the  best views in all of Las Vegas. When I went, however, the place was too packed and the music, vibe and the people were not very happening. There were more people just standing and sitting down  trying to look classy than getting down on the dance floor :/.Overall, okay place to get your pre-dancing legs on. Nice decor, okay music. If you're a lady, you'll have a shot to get in for free and get some free drinks. The dance floor is small and there are stairs you need to watch out for when walking around the club.
5	We had dinner at this beautiful establishment and all i can say is HOLY MEATBALLS! The three of us decided to order the kobe meatballs for dinner with a side of garlic mash. Your meal also comes with complimentary garlic bread. The meal was just heavenly. The gigantic meatballs were well flavored and moist. The sauce, is just superb. The garlic mash, was just plain good. Definitely would love to try Lavo in NYC.
3	The club is pretty small, and the crowd was pretty lame. Some creepers in the area! We had hookups in Vegas and particularly at this club. We got free table service, and the two people that served us were really nice, so props to them.
4	I had a pretty good experience here, I was celebrating my b-day here with some friends of mine. My good friend was able to comp us for practically everything that night, all we had to do was tip. We had a huge dinner; not even 7 girls could finish the amount of food that they brought us. There were several starters and several main dishes. The salads were great, really fresh ingredients. Some of the entrees were a little questionable. The chicken cordon bleu was salty, but the flat bread pizza was really tasty. We had drinks during dinner and upstairs in the club. The service for dinner was okay, it was pretty packed on a Sunday night. The dj that was playing in dining area was playing some good music, the dj upstairs played okay music, mostly radio stuff. Another plus was that we didn't have to wait line, we were escorted in. As soon as we got upstairs we were given more drinks... wOOh! The place was going crazy, people dancing all over the place on top of anything and everything. And for some reason two guys dressed up as Mario and Luigi started dancing, with the Mario game music as background... really random, but funny. However the biggest con is that the place is small and that Sunday was just crazy; I could barely move it was so packed. It seemed like everybody was out that night. Other than that, its a pretty good place to start your night off!
3	Went for dinner with a group of 8 as a way to finish our Vegas trip with a nice relaxing dinner. I wouldn't say the food was anything spectacular, but it was certainly good.Appetizers:Mussels: a little bit too acidic for my liking, but I did like the sourdough bread in the bowlEggplant Parm: Decent, we only got this one to please the vegetarians in our groupProsciutto: Excellent.Calamari: Perfectly friend and not soggy at all. The garlicy marinara was also very goodEntrees: I ordered the Mushroom and Chicken Ravioli. It was very tasty, a little salty for some of the others at the table.Other entrees ordered included the Veal Parm (pretty good, but didn't come with any pasta), Short Rib Risotto (so salty it was inedible and had to be sent back), and 1 or 2 of their flat bread pizzas (definitely pass on these)Overall, the food wasn't bad, the atmosphere was great, and the service sucked
4	I simply cannot get over the smell of this place...it is intoxicating.I went to Lavo only because I had free drink coupons that i could not stand to let go unused. I found the bar a bit small compared to the overall size of the lounge/restaurant downstairs. I did not go upstairs to the nightclub...which I am sure would have had more bars.Either way, the food is decent, reminiscent of fancy bar food. The drinks were well-made, though I can imagine them taking a hit on quality when they are busy. The good news though, since Lavo is still relatively new, there are great comps to be enjoyed (like open bar nights).
3	Been here twice and my second visit was a lot better experience.Free drink bands were awesome. I downed at least 4 cocktails. Music was fun and I had a good time partying on a Tuesday night. Yes, TUESDAY! :D
5	I went here on the Thursday night before Halloween which happened to be Latin night, but I did not know that when I got approached by a bouncer. Jenna Q and I asked about bottle service and got a quick answer of $150's the cheapest for mixed couples. Oh, mixed couples like our group you mean, 3 girls and 2 guys.We got excited to be let into a busy looking club at such a price. Until, they put us downstairs. The music was good, I couldn't complain, but it was too much of a lounge area playing old school hip hop (and not enough Vegas dunst dunst dunst dunst). So after some negotiating April P.'s bf received some apologies and also some free drink tickets, they "found" us a table upstairs. And we move, the upstairs is filled! Not a good thing, but not so bad for us because we had our own little space to privately dance in. I get approached by our new server and she says "Oh it's latin night, I hope you don't mind latin music mashed up with hip-hop. And what mixers did you want with the bottle?" AND NOW I GET IT... "mixed couples" meaning non latino. Shoooot at $150 a bottle, I'll take it. So we danced danced the night away and watched a costume contest, that can only be understood if you habla espanol. I had fun LAVO, see you again, when I next see Vegas!
3	The club is kind of small.  I was expecting something larger for a Vegas club.  We had a sweet central VIP table... or so we thought.  At first it was fun but when the crowd started to get larger, our VIP area kept getting invaded by strangers.  We had security but he didn't do anything!  I had to tell him several times not to let people walk through our area.  You would think only having one table to secure it would have been an easy task.  The cocktail waitresses were gorgeous and really nice.  They made sure we were having fun.  The club was over crowded and a nightmare for getting around but it was still fun.
3	Lavo had quite a reputation to uphold.  Tao's European sister, it comes from the same creators of the restaurant which made the most revenue at one point out of all the restaurants at its level.It's pretty difficult to find a stellar Italian restaurant, but Lavo comes close.  A client and I went there for dinner and we ordered a bit more dishes than we can handle because I didn't expect to come out of that restaurant with a full stomach.  This review is coming 3 months late, so bear with me.The interior is pretty interesting.  It doesn't look like an Olive Garden (because Lavo is Sicilian based, I'll talk about this more later), and it really looks like.. a bathhouse.  The ceiling terrace is lined with Mediterranean-style bathtubs.  Moroccan lanterns fill the numerous alcoves that are located in the restaurants, and pots of water spill into small fountains in other places.  It feels as if you've been transported to Turkey itself.. if only the waiters were replaced with belly dancers wearing loincloths and sequinsI didn't remember much about the food, probably because I've eaten at other places where the establishment is very chef-driven.  Lavo seems to play its cards in the nightclub sector, so I understand its food not being up to par.  I remember ordering the carne pizza and the spaghetti with basil and tomatos, and they were both not bad.  They are worth the 20-something dollars, but I'm giving them only four stars because I definitely would like to see better food worth remembering.Other than that, service was very nice.  Like I've said in a previous review, I like seeing a waitstaff that thoroughly knows their dishes.  Our waiter was able to describe to me that the restaurant specializes in Sicilian-style cuisine, meaning that they use more red sauces than white, and that makes sense because now that I think of it, I can't remember seeing anything pesto-based either.You really can find better European food on the strip.  I can't write a review on Lavo based on its clubbing because I also know that there are much better clubs on the strip.  However, if you want decent Italian food, then this place will suffice.  If not, then go to Wynn's Bartolotta- Mediterranean food from the gods themselves.
4	The 4 stars is for their restaurant- not their club. We had a reservation for 7 for my friend's birthday dinner. We ended up waiting for 20 minutes, and the manager apologized and brought us a round of drinks of our choice, which isn't such a shabby way to start dinner. The atmosphere is perfect for a group of friends or family on a special occasion- the decor, lighting, and the music is something straight out of your dreams. With 7 hungry girls, we shared 6 plates and a salad, with leftovers! The highlight dishes were mixed seafood linguini and rigatoni melenzana (both were so tasty! and huge portions!). I ordered the grilled swordfish which is perfect in every way- light, salty, and citrusy, but the portion is not for sharing. The spinach and artichoke pizza was pretty good, but not memorable, while the ravioli and spaghetti carbonara were average. Don't order the fries. Just enjoy the complimentary garlic bread instead.
3	I didn't expect ANYTHING from LAVO, so I guess that's what made it all the better. My friend and I came here for open bar, we were a bit confused of where to go so we decided to just leave until the bouncer asked us why we were leaving so soon and why we would leave if we were getting free drinks. He pointed us upstairs. THANK YOU SIR! We proceeded to the upper level of Lavo.. OHHHHH so this is where the party is at! Ah hah, so we loaded up on drinks since they were free, bartender was attentive and nice {probably since I was tipping her haha} music was definitely on point and met a few cool people. Over all experience was good but didn't really feel like a Vegas night club.
4	I surprisingly had my best club night Vegas style at Lavo this past Friday night. Located inside the Palazzo, it was easy enough for us to find since we were staying at the Venetian. A local had recommend this spot to party at, and he even got my entire party on the list. Seems to be rare, since guys pretty much always have to pay, and we were excited to spend our cover money on drinks than entry. The nightclub was just right on the inside. Modern in style, this place was big enough without being overwhelming. It felt very comfortable for us to post up in the middle of the dance floor and dance until they closed down... Which seems like around 4:30am.Drinks seem to be the average going rate for Vegas clubs, which is obviously pretty high. On the upside, they definitely make a stiff drink, and it wasn't long before I was plastered. There seemed to be a much better mix of people here than at other clubs. Good music, atmosphere, drinks, and friends made Lavo a favorite Vegas memory to add to the bank. I will definitely be back.
4	Review is for restaurant, not club.We were seated a few minutes after our reservation, which wasn't too bad. The interior is very upscale, gorgeous, and loud. The DJ was okay but not memorable. Service was very good and very friendly.What we ordered-KOBE BEEF MEATBALLS and SPAGHETTI: Delicious. Really great. The meatballs were soft and flavorful. Sauce was thick and hearty. The whipped fresh ricotta really pushed it over the edge too. MARGHERITA PIZZA: This was better than expected. Nothing too great, but definitely good. My only complaint was that it had a lot of crust. So I hope you like crust if you order this. GARLIC BREAD: Complimentary. Very garlicky and delicious, but a little too toasted. Almost impossible to chew.WINE: I ordered a glass of prosecco which was delicious. DESSERT: Skipped it but menu looked good.MY ONLY COMPLAINT: The tables are so close together that the waiters can barely move. They have obviously tried to make the most of the small space and it shows. I think they could stand to lose about 1/4 of the tables in the place in order to give patrons a fighting chance in case of fire or flood. ;)
5	Very pricey, but I have to say this was an awesome place.  Atmosphere was exceptional.  Service was great.  Menu was interesting and had many options.  We had a great time!
4	Two words: FREE WINE.Every Thursday, they offer free wine from 6 - 8 pm. Just RSVP, and you're instantly granted as much free wine as you can drink for two hours. They usually have a selection of two whites & two reds - which change a bit from week to week. All you have to do is tip a dollar or so. Well, I guess it's not really required to tip - but don't be an asshole.As far as the night club goes, it's pretty decent. They have open bar for ladies from 10 to 11 I believe? Maybe even until 12. And they make their drinks pretty strong, which for me, is always a plus. In comparison to other night clubs - it's nothing special. I go to Lavo, simply for the open bar. If it weren't for that, I probably wouldn't go there oo often.
3	CliffsNotes:  Intimate dinner settings but nothing out of the ordinary for an Italian restaurant.  If you're looking to impress a dinner date, Lavo will do the trick.  If you're looking to impress a foodie, then consider one of the many other restaurants around town.  See Craig R.'s review that sums up the rest of our group meal.  [Original Visit: November 7, 2010]
4	I would love to come back for the nightclub aspect of this place as the ambiance is beautiful - dark and kind of rustic yet trendy. This place was my fueling of choice for the half marathon and I wasn't disappointed.Delicious complimentary garlic bread; fresh and delicious tomato/mozzarella salad, and a big yummy portion (too big to finish) of penne alla vodka. Perfect.Our waitress was very nice and took the time to chat with us about our visit etc. The bill ended up being about $110 with tip for 2 people who shared a salad, ordered two entrees, and two drinks. Not bad! I would come back!
3	i love being a girl in vegas because you get hooked up left and right! started the night here with open bar from 1030-1230. the drinks were STRONG, just the way they need to be. definitely a nice space. the music was good while we were there. crowded but not too crowded. i would love to come back and dine here sometime.
4	As guests at the Palazzo, the wife and I got free line-jump/no cover coupons, so we just visited the club on Saturday night. Decor is sweet. Like the name implies, it's going for a bathhouse motif. Walking across a bridge with running faucets that overlooks the restaurant and up a staircase where two scantily-clad hotties in a bathtub are making out and into the club which features about 40 tables, two go-go dancers doing their thing, a moderate size dance floor and a bar area. Awesome.A more mature, sophisticated crowd. Everyone seemed to be having a good time, I know I was. DJ played it safe and inoffensive, nothing but classic hits.I will say that the drinks were pricey. I get that it's a club, but $19 for a gin and tonic? Really?! I haven't paid that in SF, NY, or LA, so why is Vegas charging that??) I also find it interesting that they apparently have gender-based prices: my wife and her male cousin both ordered the same beer: hers was $5 and his was $9. Huh. Never seen that before. Bottle service starts at around $550 and run upwards of $3k, but the table hostesses all seemed hot, friendly and they dance at the tables, so you're probably paying a bit more than usual but you're also getting more too.But at the end of the day, I had a great time and I'd go again.
5	Two things that made the night:1. There's a dancer there who dances at Lavo and Tao named Meek. She is an amazing dancer, and whenever she danced, people would totally just stop and stare. When I was washing my hands in the bathroom, she was right next to me freshening up, and I just had to say hi. Totally expecting her to be snobby, she wasn't! And when I complimented her on her dancing, she was so humble about it! 2. The day before, we'd run into a promotor named Jesse at Tao who promised us VIP table service, and he definitely did not disappoint. My girls and I were SPOILED, and Jesse took care of us pretty much the whole night. We felt like celebrities.My favorite part: Meeting the Canadian restaurant owner who wasn't too handsy, good dancer, sweet, AND when googled the next morning, was actually a Canadian restaurant owner. (He also told me he was a professional snowboarder. Yup, he wasn't that.)
2	Plain and simple: I had a food and beverage credit to use at either the Venetian or the Palazzo.  I'll admit this early on in my review, spending the credit on beverage/liquor would have been a better way to go.  We've already eaten at a decent number of restaurants between the two hotels and Lavo was one we had yet to try.On Saturday, my friend and I looked at the menu and it seemed like something we were both interested in.  Since we were staying at the Palazzo, Lavo was convenient as we didn't have far to walk or be in too much of a rush to get ready for our events that night.FOOD:*Garlic Bread - Complimentary and delicious!  It was smothered with butter and tons of garlic and accompanied with a marinara sauce.  I'll admit, I didn't use the marinara sauce but I thought it was perfect without it.*Kobe Rice Balls - YUM!  This is the first time I've ever had meat filled rice balls and I loved it.  Although the Kobe beef tasted more like ground beef, the mix of everything was delicious.  The rice balls that contained the beef in the middle had the perfect exterior crisp and placed onto of marinara sauce that had a slight kick to it.*8 oz Center Cut Filet - No thank you - OVERCOOKED!  I ordered the filet medium rare which should come out with a pink and tender center.  Instead the filet came out medium and was dry throughout the piece of meat.  Also on the plate were roasted garlic (delicious!), some greens, and half a lemon.SERVICE:Our waitress was great.  She was friendly, energetic and came around several times to check on us.One complaint, the hostesses are quiet stuck up.  As we walked through the wrong door, we were instructed to walk through to the other side.  There were about 4 hostesses standing around, none who acknowledged us right away.  One looked at us and looked away.  It took about a minute of standing there for one to finally ask how many in our party.AMBIANCE:Lavo is dimly lit and beautiful with their dark brown wood finishing.  On another note, there is an elevated booth on the bottom floor, if I was getting bottle service during their club hours, I would certainly want to request it!
4	This is a review for the nightclub, not the restaurant:I surprisingly had a really good time at LAVO this weekend. It's pretty small, but the thing I liked most about LAVO was the music! Lots of hip hop... so if you want a change from house music (which I noticed is played in most clubs), you should swing by! Decor is really nice, though a waste of water, with those fountains by the walkway that overlooks the restaurant, haha. Of course, my OCD self had to turn off all the faucets when I walked by them..
4	I was in Vegas on a Tuesday and Wednesday night, when a lot of other clubs are closed.  My friend and I were really worried that nothing was going to be happening, and we really wanted to have a good time.  We ended up getting on the list at LAVO on Tuesday night, and we had such a good time that we decided to go back on Wednesday!  The club is small, but not in a bad way.  Because there are not as many people out in Vegas on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, it was perfect to be in a small club because it still felt full.  There was plenty of room for us to dance, but not so much that we felt weird.  Both nights we met some great guys who allowed us to join them at their tables.  That meant that we didn't have to buy ourselves drinks, so I'm not sure how prices compare to some of the other clubs.  Overall, we had so much fun.  We thought things were going to be pretty dead in the middle of the week, but we learned that what they say is true: Las Vegas is the city that never sleeps!
4	About a word "lavo", what do you think it is? Ventured on my own by myself on a Thursday night for "Seduxion Latin Night" required nothing else than to walk up to the Club Host and show my ID along with a VIP card. There was a few people on the line. But I found myself walking up stairs to a walkway lined up on both sides with lavatory sinks. Below the walkway is where the resaturant is. Possibly will dine in there in the future. The "bridge" walkway had low lighting in this area. Photo opportunity here. I got creative posing next to the sinks. There seems to be an "invitation to cleanse" to be in this nightclub with the lavatory sinks in mind. Like an old European ritual. The white sinks were exquisitely set on a low-lighted "bridge" walkway that leads to stairs and to a hallway into the nightclub. Along the way, naturally music started to fill my eardrums. My body molecules was "jamming" up rhythmically to the beat of latin music. Awakening my inner latina fire didn't take much long. The DJs spinning the music were enthusiastically encouraging the lively crowd to dancing with the beat. Sweeping spotlights and light effects adds to the tempo of the beat. Room was crowded. Spacious I would think when everyone else is not in this room.It wasn't long before two friendly latin women became my sudden friends and invited me to join them with their male friends to a raised area which probably is the VIP section in the far end of the room. Several tables with black acrylic-backed sitting. Drinks in carafes and bottled alcoholic drinks were laid out on the table along with beverage wares. In this area is where a beautiful painted mural of a bathing beauty reclined on her side and undraped. A female bending over appears to give her assistance or service. Two rather lightly intoxicated ladies club patrons were dancing slightly wildly on the black raised platforms before this mural. So, the club had some rather raunchy, rowdy, 30s-40s age range club patrons. Although most patrons were well-mannered with everyone. Several bouncers constantly keeping some patrons in control courteously.The way to the ladies' restroom was low-lighted. The comfort room had black and white Moorish Italianate style. Quite clean, with a lady attendant who was giving out paper towels dligently. As I like dancing, the dancefloor was filled with dancing club patrons. An expansion of the dancefloor would be a remedy, perhaps. Expect to be in very close proximity with the persons around you while dancing. Everyone was just having a good time. The crowd somehow sang-along to their favorite popular latin music whenever it's played by the DJ. The latin music was invitingly making club goers sway around to the exciting beat. Left the club singly with a latin tune still playing in my mind. Latin music can be seductive music! Seduced crowd! Seductive nights at Lavo! Lavo is a "wash" of ultra-club vibe.
2	not the best clubbing experience. went clubbing with my friends christmas eve and was a bit disappointed.pros:- service: we got a table and the servers were very attentive. every time i reached over to get a drink a server appeared and offered to make me a drink. amazing. table was kept neat and empty cups taken away often- bathrooms were kept pretty clean. even more amazing that there werent any lines! - decor of the restaurant was nice... in keeping with the "lavo" theme there were old roman/greek style fountains/faucets everywherecons:- music: wasnt the greatest. really hit or miss with the songs. - bouncers: all up on our ass on seconds. my friend was leaning over and they made her sit up saying she cant sleep. my friends and i were fooling around and dancing, and they came over and asked us to stop. its seemed like all they had to say was stop stop stop. :(- the minute we drank all of our vodka they asked us to leave. sadness. what kind of service was that? would i come again? i dont think so!
5	Wow.  Lavo love.  This place was great.  First, big points for accommodating a last minute reservation for 15 people.  Nice big table in the middle of a energetic restaurant.  I'm sure the restaurant was beautiful too, but frankly I was so focused on the well-prepared and abundant food that I really didn't notice the decor.We started off with some amazing garlic bread served with marinara--delicious!  And an amazing looking Kobe meatball (I don't eat meat) that easily was an appetizer for 4-6 people.  I had a terrific Heirloom Tomato Bufala Mozzarella salad with Fig Basalmic.  For my main course I decided on a carb fest and ordered a Spinach and Artichoke Pizza, with black olives and roasted garlic.  The pizza was about 5 inches wide by two feet long, could easily have served 2-3 people and lasted me well into breakfast the next day.  I also tasted their roasted chilean sea bass that was excellent as well.The food was plentiful to be sure, but was prepared with style and finesse.  Lavo is on my list of restaurants not to miss when visiting vegas!
2	Rolled into Lavo right after Tao. There were a couple of good things about Lavo: No waiting in line, place to lounge, no cover, and slightly less crowded dance floor. Other than that, I was unimpressed. The dance floor was small and I still felt like a sardine, but it was definitely more bearable than Tao. Oh, as we were leaving, a couple of us took our shoes off cause we were in pain and I heard a bouncer make a snide comment to his colleague. Excuse me, I know it may be unsanitary and dangerous, but how about you walk around in stilettos for a couple hours? Shut up before I club you with my shoe.
4	I didn't eat at the restaurant but I did attend the Nightclub.  We waited outside of the restaurant on the lower level outside, they had velvet ropes designated to "Palazzo Hotel Guests (free), General Admission, and VIP."  Luckily we got there early enough (10:45) and we got in just fine.  Right as you enter you walk up a large flight of stairs and through a hallway with running sinks on both sides of  you, then another flight of stairs which leads to the actual nightclub.  As you enter, the full bar is directly in front of you with VIP tables surrounding it, and to the right is the dance floor, and more VIP tables.  The ambiance of LAVO was amazing.  Nice and dark, and the DJ (DJ Vice) is the best Vegas has to offer especially on Sunday Nights! Drinks are cliche Vegas Nightclub prices ($10 per shot/beer, $15 per mixed drink), which wasn't a problem because they were all pretty strong.  Overall excellent experience, and although the Nightclub is quite small, it has one of the best DJs in Vegas and an affluent clientele.
3	pros: free entry for girls and open bar from 11-12 and guys got in for 10 dollars and also got a free drink card so pretty much it equaled out.cons: bartenders are bitches and make shitty ass drinks :( and dance floor is ridic. music is kinda crappy in the beginning.. a lot of lady ga ga crap  and old school hip hop. =/ they started spinnin some house / electro music around midnight.. i personally did not like how the club is upstairs. i didnt like walking up all those stairs in my high heels =( and then walking all the way down again. fml
4	Solid club. Good crowd and great DJ. Drinks are fairly expensive but no more than any other Vegas club.
5	I LOVED it!!!!!!  Went with my Girls on New years day.The line was basically non existent. We stood in line for like 3 minutes- NO COVER. and when we got in, they put these yellow wrist bans on us and told us open bar till 11:30 :-)The DJ was GREAT!!!!Most Vegas clubs are Techo and Dance or House music... but this one played Hip Hop, Rap, Oldies, Salsa, Reggae and Reggaeton-- All without speeding up the beat and making it sound like House music. So if you need a break from the average Vegas DJ- this is a great spot where you can do the stanky leg, dougie, walk it out, do the beyonce bounce, get your suavemente salsa on, groove to some Prince and drop it like its hot to some snoop dog. and much much more! lolThe crowd was mixed.. mostly 21-30. And the night I went ( January 1,2011) everyone was being really friendly and was attractive looking. I remember randomly making friends with these random girls. lol. And the guys were very sexy, respectful, nicely dressed and could dance! The DJ had us falling in love. lolThe atmosphere has an upscale appearance. what you would expect from the Palazzo. Had a cool entrance with these "sinks"lol and a classy restaurant downstairs.They had go-go dancers and these two girls sitting on top of the bar in "roman" costumes "looking sexy" lol. they just sat there and tickled  each other with feathers (BEST JOB ON EARTH-- can i get an application?) lolThere were places to sit for those who chose not to splurge on the bottle service. So if you get tired of dancing just grab a seat by the bar, or on the stage, or on a random go-go dancer platform. lolI met this SEXY Puerto Rican guy and he was my dance partner for the night, so i may be bias. lol. but overall this club was GREAT!If you are in Vegas to dance the night away and have a blast LAVO is the place for you!If you dont like hip hop or you cant dance, then go to Ghostbar or PURE . lol(also good clubs)
3	This review is for the nightclub. Venue: is pretty small and cramped...I'd say this would be a good place to pre-party before heading to other clubs. They had open bar from 11-12 when I went. There isn't much space to move around, and people are constantly spilling drinks everywhere. Getting from one point to the other is insanely difficult due to the small space. The tables are close together and barely even visible in the crowds. The crowd is mediocre, although the guys I met were more than willing to buy girls' drinks. I went on a Tuesday night and found it way too crowded for comfort. Find a promoter to get you in for free--I wouldn't pay to get in here.
4	The guest list line was OUT-THE-DOOR when we got here at 11pm.  Because of that, I stepped out of line to find something to snack on and subsequently missed when they were handing out wristbands for the guest list people.  Fail moment.  Fortunately, the men holding the list gave me a wristband no questions asked.  Thanks!Came to LAVO on a Tuesday night (yehyuh) with my girls.  No cover charge for us so we used our open bar privileges and ordered 3 Long Islands and an AMF.  The bartender made these 4 drinks all at once, and so quickly.  She was definitely hasty because my drink was much stronger than the rest!  I was really feeling the music the ENTIRE night (and I'm usually critical of DJs).  This DJ threw down some favorable beats with good mixing; I danced for an hour straight at one point.  We were showered with foam at points in the night.  Foam gets stuck in your hair and stings your eyes if you look up!  The dance floor was petite compared to others that I've been to.  You know when the dance floor is small when you keep running into the SAME guys throughout the night.  It gets crowded, for sure.  The ladies room was next to the coat check area & the line was minimal at the restroom!At the end of the night, I realized that I dropped my driver's license somewhere on the dance floor. :(  The rest of my trip would have sucked without it.  I talked to a bouncer, who calmed me down and gave me tips to contact the lost-and-found.  The club recovered my license and I was able to pick it up the next morning.  I am forever indebted.
4	Restaurant:We had to wait about thirty minutes for a table even with a reservation (but after 20 minutes I went back asking how much longer) and they without a question just gave me two free drinks for waiting.  My friend and I had great specialty drink cocktails.  We had calamari for an appetizer-large portion and totally worth it.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass and my friend had an Eggplant Pasta dish which was also very tasty.
2	I am not impressed. The place is quite very small for a Vegas nightclub. There were advertisement on free drinks. They fail to tell you that it's selective drinks... and although you have a bracelet to get in for free the bouncer tries to charge you. So booo!! me no like... bad service, small club, alright music, and drinks were poor.
3	Very popular place. The food and decor were great, but the music was at such a volume I'd either dine here on a Tues. when the club is not popular, or go to their dance club on a Sat. instead of trying to dine here late on a Sat. night like we did. The service was wonderful too, quick and attentive. Some portions are huge too. If you order the chocolate rolled cake with toasted marshmallow sauce it's big enough to feed a table of 6-8 people!
5	The food was out of sight.  The bread with the marinara is to die for!  My chicken marsala was one of the best I have tried.  The fried haricot verts and zuchinni strings were the bomb too.  The music was a bit loud as far as ambiance, otherwise I felt the service and portions were great.  Would go again.
4	4 stars for the restaurant, not the club. =P got a comped dinner here with a bunch of my girlfriends during the week. while we were waiting for our table, we got hooked up with a bottle of grey goose. to be honest, we didn't really know what to expect with the dinner. there was a pre-fixed menu...a little bit of everything. roasted beet salad, vodka penne, margarita pizza, chicken parmasan, french fries, garlic bread....i'm sure i'm forgetting something but the spread was BOMB. service was great and he was a cutie. =)
4	Excellent food.  Great Service.  Don't miss the meatballs.  Nice Bar, but not really a "nightclub", pretty small.
4	This review is for the nightclub. Came here on a Sunday night for the open bar. It went from 11pm-12, and we met up with our promoter outside the club. There was quite a line outside, but he was able to walk our group of girls in for free. There aren't many clubs open on Sundays in Vegas so LAVO was great for pre-party.The club is upstairs and really pretty. The walkway is lined with these water fountain-like things, very classy and chic. Having only gone to Surrender at the time, LAVO seemed amazing and very well-decorated. Compared to other clubs like XS, LAVO is a bit small, especially the dance floor. It was already packed before 12am. I enjoyed the music though, and the crowd seemed a little younger. The drinks from open bar were pretty watery, but the cocktail waitresses were really hot. Bottom line: come here for the open bar. Maybe dance a little.
5	This is a review only for the nightclub.We came on a Wednesday night and had arranged for the guest list ahead of time.  We got there around 10:30 and one of the promoters arranged for us to go in the restaurant and get free drinks before the club opened (essentially free bottle service, but there were a number of girls there already so we didn't get to sit).  Once the club opened, the promoter walked us into the club, got us free cover and open bar wristbands.  He even offered to arrange for us to get on the guest list for Tao the next day, but unfortunately we were leaving town then.If I ended the review here, I'd still give this place 5 stars.  This club knows how to treat girls!The decor is really beautiful, classier and cleaner looking than Pure (the only other Vegas club I have to compare with).  We got basic cocktails with our wristbands.  The ones I tried were really tasty, but expensive if you're not getting them for free (but really, what else can you expect?)  The bartender we went to was fast, attentive and very cute :DThere were a surprising number of places to sit down, unlike other places where you can only sit at tables you've reserved.  Nice when you're on your second night dancing in 4-inch heels.It is true - the dance floor is small, but I found it way more fun than the one at Pure (which is huge).  The floor was packed almost immediately after the club opened up, which I really like.  I hate that awkward first hour when all the guys are too shy to go dance and the only people on the floor are couples and groups of girls.  The lighting is phenomenal and there's a chandelier that shoots out foam every once in a while.  I thought the music was good too - mostly Top 40s and Hip Hop, and well mixed in my opinion.    The only downside is that this place seemed to cool off at around 1:30 - 2am -- a little early for my taste.  I'm pretty sure this is the only major club in Vegas that's open 6 days int he week, so you don't really have an excuse not to go!
1	Fire hazard and a shithole to boot. Was there over july 4th weekend, and the club was so dangerously overpacked that people would have probably died if any sort of fight or fire broke out there. We ended up having our table moved downstairs after the host tried to put us in a broom closet sized table for 8 of us. XS made this place look like a dump.
1	Not that great, the venue and dance floor is extremely small and can easily get very crowded on weekends. The DJ was quite untalented, pretty much sat in the front letting a CD play as he did nothing. Good bar though, ladies on most nights get free mixed drinks for an hour.Overall I would not come back. XS, Marquee, and Rain is where it's at.
1	Still not a fan of LAVO nightclub. Went here for our comped drinks and danced for a bit and left. The dance floor is very small and doesn't compare to the energy you'd find elsewhere. There's not much going on here, nextttt.
1	This place was way too small to even be a nightclub and the vibe was not right! There was a mixture of all kinds of people and people of even different ages were in this club and most of my friends were not feeling like this was a good club at all. The music was wack, the drinks were wack, and the gogo dancers were not dancing sexy at all. Arent gogo dancers supposed to be super hot and sexy?
2	I really had high hopes for Lavo. Looking at their menu online beforehand, I liked pretty much everything I saw.I started out with the Kobe Riceballs. They were severely lacking in flavor. Next was the Chicken Parm. I was expecting something along the lines of the best Chicken Parm I've ever had for $26, but it was no better than the $10 special at my local pizza shop. Way too much cheese and way too little sauce. At least the gelato for dessert was good.The highlight of the meal was probably the excellent bread with marinara sauce that was served shortly after I sat down at the table.Wait staff was excellent and attentive. Clientele was all over the age spectrum. My older neighbors at the adjacent tables were friendly and talkative.I was offered a hand-stamp for some kind of VIP entry to the club that night, but declined as I am not really into the whole  "wait in a line for an hour to pay $20 for the privledge of entering a sardine can to buy $15 drinks" thing.
3	It's beautifully decorated, but the wait is painful even with reservation.  Never waited less than 30 minutes with reservation no matter how small or big our groups are.  The meat ball is one of their signature dish, the shrimp cocktail is probably the less impressive dish.  The meat ball is flavorful, juicy and very tender.  Most dishes are on the oily side.  The size of the dishes are huge, so we usually share.  Besides the wait to be seated, its not a bad italian restaurant.
3	I came on a Saturday night, and for once, I didn't actually look at Yelp reviews beforehand so I didn't know what to expect. I just came because some friends of friends were all into this place. At first, I was like, wha?? entree = club admission? What kind of decent, respectable place does THAT? And my mind was confused as it did not match the flashy style of previously-mentioned friends of friends.So a bit reluctantly but also curious, I went. Inside, I would describe the restaurant as dark and lusty. Yes, I said lusty. This is Vegas after all. Anyway, we were able to sit in the front bar portion without a reservation which was nice since it was a last minute thing. The menu items don't actually sound that appealing to be honest. Rather plain, ho-hum descriptions. But when we ordered, my god, the portions were HUGE! I must've missed something about family style, but lordy, you could've fed a whole village of my ancestors. So of course, we ordered WAY too much food. But my favorite dish was the beet salad. I wish I lived closer to you, beet salad. I'd totally order you again and again. I also got a lobster bisque - too salty for me though, and a little creamier than I like. We had the risotto with short ribs which was sorta the oddity on the menu (one of these kids is doing his own thing). The waitress told us it wasn't ordered a lot, but I still wanted to try it. It was good, not the best. One of my friends loved it, but I probably wouldn't order it again. We got the meatball - tasty and the size of a softball. Then there was a veal dish that I didn't try. But back to you, beet salad. You were the best beet salad ever. Perfect balance of beets, goat cheese, greens, candied nuts, etc. So I was about to roll over from being so full, but I love dessert so I ordered the bread pudding. Again, a huge portion shared by about 4 main people, and 4 supporting cast. It was yummm-my. A keeper. Then onto the club part and time to work off the billion calories just consumed. The waitress stamped our hands. We wandered around inside The Palazzo a little, then headed back to Lavo for the club portion. It was a little chaotic around the entrance/elevator, but the stamp allowed us to enter without waiting or paying. Big plus. Up the elevator, to the club. It's not very big, and all the tables are reserved with bottle service. Annoying because as a girl, you just want to have a place where you can sit or put your purse, coat, etc. Anyway, we danced but the place soon got VERY crowded, the DJ was just alright, and again, the fact that you can't really sit anywhere around the dance floor was a negative. So we left to meet up with a friend who was at the circular bar in the Palazzo casino. Honestly I had just as much fun, probably more, in the casino bar. In the end, Lavo's food was a pleasant surprise, I didn't care much for the club, and I'd consider going back but it wouldn't be my first choice. I did like the casino bar though. I'd go there :)
2	I actually went to Lavo, located inside the Palazzo, by myself. I did not dress up. I wore jeans, a tee, and a hat. I was the only girl not in a bubble dress. If one dressed as a gangster or gun moll they could drink from an open bar open till 12am. The club opens at 11pm, so you'd get an hour of free drinks if you were first in line. I saw not one person in line dressed up for the theme except employees. I do not know what gangsters and gun molls from the 1920's have to do with bombshells and Burlesque. Someone at Lavo marketing didn't do their research, mixing the 1920's with the 1940's and 1950's doesn't really make much sense. I think I was the only one there that noticed it though. The night's entertainment was to be The Cheeky LaLa's. I feel like I'm pretty aware of most Burlesque performers and troupes but, I had not heard of The Cheeky La La's before. So I did a Google search and couldn't find a thing on the troupe before I went to Lavo. The DJ for the night did not play theme appropriate music, it was then same old hip-hop and house they play at every other club. I made my way to the bar to get a beer. They were serving "Burlesque cocktails" for their themed drinks and for the open bar. The two cocktails were 'Blood and Sand' and 'Clover Club'. I get naming a drink 'Clover Club' on Burlesque night, but 'Blood and Sand'? The bartender was great and super friendly. He asked my name and remembered it the whole night. I told him I was there to write about the night's event and The Cheeky La La's for The Las Vegas Burlesque Blog. I was kind of uncomfortable, being that I was there alone and in jeans and a tee, and felt I had to explain myself. He bought me my beer, he must of thought I was a real writer. He shared with me the Cheeky La La's were to hit the stage around 1230 or 1. For the hour and a half I stood around waiting to see The Cheeky La La's perform I took in the whole club and watched. I saw some pretty amusing stuff. Every time a party that had bottle service ordered a bottle of champagne, in addition to their bottle service, the music would change, lights were flashed, and the bottle was delivered to the table in some amusing manner. I saw Superman, held up by security to give the illusion of flying, present a bottle. I watched a lot of ass grabbing and dirty dancing on the dance floor. The club had go-go dancers on boxes raised up from the dance floor. I've go-goed for events before, but not like these girls go-goed. These dancers popped and clapped their "booties", and most of them were chewing gum.
3	Had a great time here with a group of about 15 people.  A little bit difficult getting everyone in as we had a male/female ratio close to 50%. The place is nice, drinks are expensive, and the clientele was pretty much like you would expect at a club in Vegas.I do have one complaint though, and to me, it's a big one (thus the 3 star rating). The DJ was bad. Best example of this is that I heard the same four Bon Jovi songs (or partial songs, I suppose it was a Bon Jovi mix) about 6 times in the 3 hours we were there. The first time was awesome, the second time was still fun, but after that, we were all thinking "Are you fucking kidding me?" Don't get me wrong, I love Bon Jovi, but it was excessive and took away from the experience.I hope this was a fluke. I'll probably check out Lavo again next time in Vegas, but I'll be outta there pretty quick if I hear Bon Jovi on repeat...
4	Got in for free since we stayed at the Venetian.  Pretty convenient since we just prepartied in our rooms and came downstairs to dance.  They played awesome music the whole night and the service was pretty good (bouncers were polite).  Only gripes were that the boys were just sooooo grabby.  They figure that since they got a booth and give you a drink, they have the rights to touch you.  Ummmm, no.   I just enjoyed the music, danced the night away, stayed close to my friends.  I would go here again if it was free.
4	We chose Lavo because we wanted to try the food and the club.The food is great.  The meatballs are great.  The appetizer is considerably over priced though.  I ordered the spaghetti carbonara.  It was excellent.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and it was loaded with tasty bits of meat.  Our server was knowledgable and very friendly.I was surprised how much i liked the club.  Eating dinner there allowed us to skip the line and go directly in.  That is always a nice touch.  It is smaller than many of the newer clubs in Las Vegas, but it works.  The music mix is good.  The drinks are expensive, but right in line with most of the better clubs.
4	This review is for the restaurant.Knowing where to eat on the strip can be an adventure or a tragedy.   Littered with celebrity chefs named facilities, there are more names dropped here than at the end of a movie. Italian dishes are the affair, one which there is no need to cheat on, because it's good fare.  Sure some celebrity chef named Ralph Scamardella builds a menu that is tasty, but you don't come here just for the food. You come here for the incredible atmosphere, you come here because the servers in the bar side are basically supermodels, and you come here to have a great time.
4	I liked Lavo however, I thought it was quite small. Girls were free and we got comp drinks till midnight (guys paid $10 cover). I love the music there but the dance floor is small. I would definitely go again though. When we went in (during December) I met a lot of cool people...
4	Restaurant - incredible.  Meatballs were amazing and service was great.  Funny enough, the music going in the dining room was better than in the club later that night!  Definitely get the oreo dessert!  Recommended.
1	So bad!  There now. Everything is over salted.  Meatballs okay. Overall = LAME
4	This is for the restaurant. Went here for the second time. First time was hit and miss, with the music way too loud to carry on a conversation and terrible service. But the food was good so we decided to give it another go. This time, everything worked out great. Music was at a reasonable level. Temperature very pleasant. Server was fantastic. Garlic bread tasty but a little crunchy. Appetizer Kobe rice balls, a little dense for my taste but very flavorful. Appetizer clams oreganato fantastic...hot, clams perfectly cooked with a nice toasted breadcrumb topping, great garlic sauce...I wanted to lick the plate.  My wife had the penna ala vodka...just o.k. We don't mind el dente, but her penne took el dente to a ridiculous level. And it was undersauced. Spaghetti and Kobe meatballs...delicious. Gelato for dessert...the chocolate was awesome, caramel good and vanilla bean o.k. Portions are large and priced reasonably.
4	This review is for the club.We were a group of six guys who came here on Friday night. We had arranged bottle service with a host called Roman and there was only a one bottle minimum which was nice (some of the bigger clubs would make you buy two or more bottles for a group of 6 guys). We ended up getting two anway but it was nice that it wasn't required to get a table.I have been to the club at Lavo a few times and have always had a good time. Its a bit small and doesnt have the visual wow factor of a place like XS but the music is always good and I have always found the guys at the door to be way more courteous than at other clubs. This time we got bottle service and our contact at the club, Roman, was really a class act. He got us in promptly, and checked in on us to make sure we were happy. He even texted a couple times (including the next day, yes for real, he texted the next day to say he hoped we had a good time.. easy to do but i've never had a host do that before). When I texted him later that night to ask if he could get a friend in who was late he replied in moments saying it was no problem. My friend took a long time showing up and Roman took the initiative to check with me if he had showed up or not. All pretty basic stuff, but again I've rarely seen the host so on top of things.The service here was so much better than how we got treated the next night at Marquee. I think in the future when I come to vegas I will avoid the newest club and go with a classic. I think of places like Tryst that way and I'm adding Lavo to the list. Seems like a sure thing.
4	I have never been here for the club portion, but came here for Dinner on a couple of recommendations.On with the review!So I came here for a date with the special lady because I really wanted to get some good food and I figured I would give Lavo a try.  So the best thing about this meal for me were two things: the garlic bread that is fresh baked and served with marinara sauce, and the DAMN KOBE MEATBALL.  Both were so freaking good.  I had most of the garlic bread myself and had to fight off my lady with a butter knife for it.  The sea bass and tiramisu are pretty good too, but most definitely come for the garlic bread and stay for the meatball.On a side note, their in-house cocktails are really really good.
5	I did not stay for the club but I had dinner and I really enjoyed it.  The food was awesome and the service was exceptional.
4	The only one meal in Vegas worth Yelp'ing home about! (Although i did write reviews for all the others too). I really enjoyed their pasta, interesting environment and decent service. But most importantly, a decent meal!!
1	This review is for the "nightclub" portion of Lavo, as we did not eat here... I despise the lines, the douchebaggeriness, and the crowds of all clubs in Vegas in general, as I'm the kind of guy who actually likes to dance when I go to a club. But Lavo makes everything significantly worse. Except the lines, because nobody wants to go here. Neither did we, but some of the girls wanted to dance and nobody wanted to venture out into the fucking blizzard to get to a better club. Alas, we walked over from our room at the Venetian and decided to check this place out. The first thing you'll notice is that this place is tiny. I mean FUCKING tiny.The second thing you'll notice is that it is ridiculously crowded. Let's make this very clear: you will NOT be doing any dancing here. If you're one of those creepers who considers "bouncing up and down while trying to grab a little bit of anything else bouncing up and down" dancing, then you might have a good time. If you've got any real moves, you'll be really sad because you'll never get to use them. And I'm fabulous as fuck, so I've got some serious moves.The third thing you'll notice is that it's hot as all hell because of all the disgusting people packed in like a can of sardines. I'm not a stickler for rules, but Lavo managed to actually make me say (and this is the lamest thing somebody could EVER say at a club): "Dude, we need to get a fire marshal in here..." And I meant it. I don't think I've ever thought that in any other situation in my life. Ever. I might be able to comment on more things about Lavo had I decided to stick around, but I did one walk around and decided I'm out. Save your effort and go somewhere else.
4	Excellent service and cool room.  Cocktail and wine list is creative and they execute well.  Very interesting offerings.  The Sea Bass rocked, the garlic bread that comes with dinner was great.  Dessert and espresso were fantastic.  Worth going for dinner!
4	One of my favorite lower key spots in town. Everyone's all about PURE, Palms and TAO, which are fine. Like that this is a bit more highbrow, pretty chill if you go VIP or during a slow time. Darren Criss recently rolled in for his 24th birthday. Ahi tuna carpaccio and Ketel One stuffed bleu cheese dirty martinis are impeccable; dessert's are killer too.
3	Disclosure:  I did not pay a cover for this place nor did I pay for a single drink.  Nor did I have food.  The only thing I can comment on is the club upstairs with no consideration of its prices.Clubs in Vegas all seem the same to me.  This particular place does not stand out.  The dance floor was decent sized, but not huge.  There are multiple levels of platforms with about 50% of the club walled off for "VIP."  The problem with this club is mainly that there is no place to sit.  You have a dancefloor, some VIP couches, and a second platform with more couches.  That's it.  I mean, what if you want to have a meaningful conversation?  LOL.  Like that happens in Vegas.The crowd: Lots of people.  All ages, shapes, sizes, races.  A lot are drunk.  Most are friendly.  Bonus points for having a 5'9"-model-who's -a-former-starting-shortstop-at-Arizona-State hanging around.  Negative points for having bouncers cockblock her from my 6'3" friend by walling her off in the VIP area.  Sigh.  Such is life.
4	Been to LAVO twice now. Its a decent dance club, but no where close to being as nice as Xs. We got in free this time because we were staying at the Palazzo, otherwise we would've gone to Xs, plus she got a free drinks wrist band.My problem with the club is that by midnight the dance floor is packed so you'll have some elbows in your back if you're not careful. Also there's not outdoor patio, as you'll have to go back downstairs to the restaurant or exit the club to get any fresh air. Also the coat check is like in the very back of the club which is pretty inconvenient if you ask me.
5	My friend and i only went to the restaurant, not the club because it was a Monday night. I do have to say that this was the best meal I think I have ever had; just absolutely amazing!!! I wish there was a LAVO where I lived. Our server and other helpers were incredibly nice as well.
3	I'm giving the place three stars as an average of all the times that I've been here. Sometimes the place is a two star mess (like when Fergie hosted NYE and couldn't count) but other times it's been a lot of fun (my most recent visit in December was pretty decent).
5	Holy meatballs batman!!!Yes. Their meatball was the size of my face. And I enjoyed every bite. Nom nom nom nom nom. We got the ricotta one. Delish!  I actually gave up being a vegetarian because of one glance at that bad boy. No joke.The rest of the food was great. They give out garlic bread with marinera sauce which was heavenly on its own. I got the braised rib special which pretty much melted in my mouth. The bottle of wine we ordered did not disappoint. Much better quality than the LAVO in nyc. The service was exceptional. My only complaint would be the creamed spinach. Gross. Took one bite and left it there. So really I'd only give it 4.5 stars. Hint hint yelp, let's get working on the star ratings.
1	this place is tiny and dark. we came here for a drink and to check out the club early on a saturday night (around 11-12). the lemon drop we ordered was good but the vodka soda i ordered was gross. from the bar or lounge downstairs you see the club upstairs (and possibly up some girls's skirts!).to get to the club upstairs, they offer to transfer your drink from a glass to a firm plastic cup. they did this flawlessly. so i schlepped upstairs (like three or four flights i think) in my heels to walk around a tiny, cramped club. the dance floor is SMALL. each time the dj played a song and i was getting into it, he would switch the song. one song would be on for less than a minute before he changed it. kinda annoying.the bathroom is incredibly dark. i couldn't see myself at all to touch up. they had a ton of different soaps. heyyy, i just now get the connection (i.e. "lavo" means "i wash" in spanish. i suppose this explains the running sinks that flank the hallway on the way from downstairs to upstairs). too dark. too many stairs. small dance floor. bad drink. we bounced after like 20 mins. i am not coming back.
1	I hate this place. It is way too small. You can't move a MUSCLE. They let too many people in. Just stay downstairs and order some food. Seriously.
2	Hot and lovely. Long line and unfriendly door staff.
1	This "club" was relatively weak, especially or Las Vegas. The DJs were playing music that hasn't been popular for a few months, there were way too many guys on the dance floor, and the service staff was completely unprofessional.
4	This nightclub wasn't too bad, but the music didn't really suit my taste. There was the occasion song here and there that I knew of, but there were also a few that I have never heard of before. The dance floor here is a little crowded, so you tend to really get pushed and stepped on by others. When I went there was a slight confusion about which line we had to get in, because we were on the list and we were staying at the hotel. In the end we had to wait quite a while to get in.
4	As a nightclub in Vegas, LAVO is pretty poppin' on a Friday night!!! The first time I came here was about 2 years ago, it sucked and a lot of the reason is because of the crappy music they played. Nowadays, it's hard to find a Vegas spot that DOESN'T play house music and really though, I just wanna be able to hear familiar music that I can easily sing & dance to. House is just not my cup of tea! This second visit to LAVO definitely changed my opinion about it. Music was Top 40's, rap, & hip-hop with occasional house music every now & then, but hardly ever. Have I fallen in love and have plans to frequent this place in the future? DEFINITELY.With a friend's hook up from a promoter, we got in pretty quickly around 11pm w/ no cover, the ladies got free drinks until 11:30 with wristbands, & me & my party got our drank on. Though we had plans to only stop by here for a bit for free drinks and head on out to another club, we ended up staying here & literally danced the night away til 3am! Yes, LAVO isn't the most gorgeous club nor spacious with places to sit if you don't have a table (which is why I didn't give the 5th star due to it getting extremely hot and crowded!), but it's got the lounge feel and a dance floor that's decent enough for you to get your groove on. If you're looking for something lowkey, this is the spot. Thus, for anyone that's staying at the Palazzo/Venetian, check this place out since you can go to the concierge and get your name on the guest list. Or even if you're just looking for a chill place with music you can sing and dance to without having to think to yourself, "how do I dance to this music??" (sorry yall, that's what house music does to me...), do come here! I hear some nights are salsa nights and what not, but call ahead to ask if music is your concern. DJ VICE also spins on a few Sundays and they have celebs every now and then that host parties. LAVO, it's worth a try...even if you have to come twice to love it!
5	I had a table the other night for my friends 30th and from the moment we walked to the door, we were well taken care of.   We got to our Table and it was located in the corner by the upper bar which I actually prefer.  Our cocktail waitress was amazing all night!  She was super nice, made good/strong drinks and made sure crowd control was a high priority.  The two tables on either side of us decided to pack in about 20 people on a 2 bottle minimum and management picked up on this.  They quickly rectified the situation and it was back to comfy seating after that.  I have been to many clubs and have never seen them act so quick when someone is trying to exploit their table agreement.  (2 bottle min for 6-7 guests and then 20 people show up at the table after they have been seated)   This alone will assure future business from me.
3	I've only eaten dinner here, I have not gone to the club, so if you want a club review, read another review.Dinner here was perfectly adequate for an Italian restaurant, however it was nothing special.  Price wise, I would say that this place is rather overpriced, as I don't feel the meal we had was worth it.  Also, the waiters can be kind of iffy, which I felt was a shame.The portions are large, but not family style large.  My cousin and I split two appetizers and one main and were plenty full.  Decent wine list, but I would actually expect something better for an Italian restaurant on the Strip.Overall, was perfectly fine, but nothing special.  I'd say save your money and go elsewhere.
4	This is for the club part of Lavo! Industry night Tuesdays! Got wristbands for open bar. Really took advantage of that! Haha slow at first, but picked up as we were leaving. Smaller than other clubs, but definitely hella fun. The place to be on a Tuesday night.Didn't spend a dime = awesome night.
4	LAVO is pretty small for a Vegas nightclub.We got there pretty early because a promoter told us if we got there early, he could give us wristbands to drink for free from 11-12. (Ladies only.) Hey, it was a good deal.Once we were inside, off to the bar we went.  For one hour.  Like I said, the place was small and there was only one dance room.  They played good top 40 (it was a Sunday) though.  I liked being able to stand up on the surfaces above the booths to dance.  The decor is supposed to be that of a bathhouse.  I don't know what a bathhouse is but it looked nice.All in all, Lavo was a solid club.  My main complaint is just the size. It wasn't my favorite but if someone suggested going again, I would be down and would have fun.
4	A friend and I decided to grab some quick appetizers after work because I was about to eat my shoe. I had heard the lobster bisque was very tasty at LAVO and it just happened to be down the way from me...so off we went. My friend was super boring and just had a crown and 7...I on the other hand went for broke (yet again) on the calorie meter.I started with one of their signature cocktails called the Lavolini. It was a yummy and somewhat tart mixture of prosecco, St. Germain (so good) and passion fruit puree. Of course I ordered the soup which was bloody fantastic with a sherry mascarpone creme. Very decadent and so yummy. Next course was a Kobe beef carpaccio with an arugula salad, pepper corns, parmesan and black truffle oil (you know I LOVE all things black truffle). It was heaven...so flavorful and again very rich. Steven, the bartender, was lovely. He brought us out some garlic bread but I could only tackle one piece before I waved the white flag of surrender....BUT just for giggles I wanted to look at the dessert menu...and there I spot it....FRIED OREO ZEPPOLES with a vanilla malt on the side. I dug deep inside myself and made some extra room in my tummy for this dessert gift from God. It was one of the best desserts that I have EVER had. Plus I ordered the Noce dessert cocktail with Nocello, Godiva chocolate liqueur and vanilla vodka. Perfect ending to a wonderful meal. My friend and I couldn't finish the oreos so we shared the wealth with the ladies next to us who were drooling over them. So fun when you meet new people. Thank you LAVO, Steven and Nicole...we will be back soon.
2	Can you say clusterf***? Totally packed dance floor (went on a friday night), some chick pushed my friend for no reason, and small to boot. Lame, period.
4	Lavo- came here on sunday and the crowd was late 20's and up. This place is pretty small but for a sunday it is really crackin. Barely have space to walk around and get around the dance floor BUT i love this place. Good crowd of people on sunday and good music. This place really topped my weekend at vegas. From what i have heard LAVO and Vanity are really good places on sunday.
2	Nice beautiful place. The food was okay.Appetizers: Calamari, Beet Salad, and Lobster Bisque - total recommendEntrees: Penne ala Vodka and Penne Seafood Alfredo was under cook.
3	When I spend $200+ dollars on a meal, I expect everything to be perfect...not the case!  They burned the garlic bread, and their calamari was of poor quality (lots of squid bodies, not enough meaty rings).  I cannot even remember what I had for the main-course (and Valentine's day meals are usually memorable for me).  The food is priced entirely too high considering the quality and it was just not worth the money.  Overall I say meh...the service was great but that's about it.
3	went here with a group of friends and we were able to catch the open bar, so the girl's in our group was pretty happy with that. This place isn't the best and it's not the worst!if you're looking for a small & chill clubs, this is probably your best bet.
4	This review is just for the nightclub on Sunday. WAHOO! What a fun time. The music was pumping, the crowd was fun, the drinks were strong and the company was fantastic. Rob, the VIP host, was wonderful and accommodating. The only bad part was I was exhausted and couldn't fully enjoy my surroundings (my friend practically had to prop me up at the bar). It was probably the best time I have had out and about in a long time. Will be back soon when I don't have mommy duty the next day. Cheers and thank you Rob :)
4	Ok...its probably looking like I frequent this place a lot. I actually don't but a bunch of friends have been in town recently and they all want to go here. Go figure. This time it was for my co-worker/friend Nicole's 22nd birthday. We received a comp dinner and free admission into the club.....ahhhh...the pluses to being a girl in this town. The food was delightful....fancy bar food...which I adore. The calamari and the flatbread pizza were the highlights. We also received a comp cocktail tree full of shots...it tasted like baybreezes and a cocktail (I had the Pompeii...Bacardi o, pineapple, grenadine and I think Malibu was in there as well...very tasty) . Our server was lovely and fun to chat with...plus his glasses were cool.We roll into the club and we had to wait for about 5 minutes because we had some guys in our group. The bouncers looked visibly stressed (I guess the IBM convention guys didn't know how to behave at a nightclub). One bouncer was a bit rude to my friend because he didn't have a sport coat on...but he was one of the hottest guys there...again go figure. When we get inside and it was like a computer geek sausage fest. Needless to say it wasn't the ideal crowd (some serial killer looking dude was trying to freak on the birthday girl). Overall it was a fun experience. The food was tasty, the service was great and the music was fun....just remember to steer clear when the IBM convention is in town.
2	THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER IN LVG CLUB I'VE EVER HAD.LAVO your food is mediocre and thank you for a special entry passes to your nightclub. Yes, your special meatball is pretty darn tasty.To be honest, I think thats where the problem begins. You let people eat here and get a special pass for the club. HOLY MACARONI. your nightclub was so crowded it was so bad. Up to a point my body was dancing by itself because people were squeezing me left and right. Drinks were spilled all over the floor. Slippery much? is this a club or ice skating rink? Dance? what dance? I can hardly move and breathe. AND COME ON! THOSE STAIRS? don't you know we girls wear at least 5 inches of high heels? ugh. Oh yeah, better music though compare to XS. But omg, never again for this nightclub.
1	The service here was downright awful. My girlfriend and I went in to check out the club around 10:00. The door guy was actually nice and told us the club opened at 11 and we could have a drink in the restaurant area until then. So we sat down and a waitress brought us a drink menu. However, she never came back to take our order. We were there for about a half hour before we finally left. She stopped by many times at the tables near us but never came to our table. We eventually left and when we came back to go to the club, we were greeted rudely by the bouncer and told to not even bother since we weren't on the guest list, even though we had a VIP coupon. Zero stars!!!! There are other clubs in Vegas.
2	This review is for LAVO Italian restaurant.  We have the WORST experience ever from the start to the end.  I made the reservation with them in advance before coming in for dinner.  We got there around 15 mins early and they asked us if we want the outside table.  I said yes and they told us to wait for 5-10 mins.  After waiting for 15 mins, I came to ask about our table and the lady told me that they made a mistake and gave our table away.  Common, how can they make this kind of stupid mistake.  So, we patiently waited for another 45 mins until we got our table.  This is ridiculous that we have to wait for an hour with reservation!!! On top of this, there were 4 different waiters and waitresses serving our table.  They're running around like a lost dogs.  I asked one waiter for something and never saw him again.  So I had to ask another person when they come by our area.  I don't think they deserve the high-end restaurant mark in their services.
4	"bACK ON THE sCENE, cRISPY AND cLEAN"- DrES, BlaCK sHeePFinally Hip Hop On The Strip wihout that god awful techno rearing its ugly face!Go here on a Wednesday Night and you will be pleased with the music.  Get there early to dance and only go to the bar once.  Don't make a night of it because the layout at LAVO sucks for a club.  If only they could send the dj to a bigger space
5	Restaurant - Greeat food, long waits.Nightclub - Small but fun! Different nights have different themes; weekends are always raging! If you need a hookup to get in, shoot me a note.
4	one word: meatball. this thing is some serious kobe beef. as it should be considering the price point is about 20 bucks. we split it between 4 people and it was fantastic. ordered the caprese as well as the ravioli dish and both were great. signature cocktail is a plus as well. we hit the night club portion post dinner and the ratio of guys to girls was like 1:150. weird set up and music was sub par. not the best vegas has to offer in terms of the clubby club.
4	Good food.  Good drinks.  And it's L.O.U.D.Sure it's considered a nightclub, but we really weren't there during nightclub hours.  It was happy hour for us, so we stayed in the bar area were the seats were ample and spacious and despite it looking crowded from the outside doors, there definitely was more than enough room inside.  I mean, the space is HUGE....which I guess makes sense if this is also a nightclub.Coming from New York, the prices were comparable, but generally, still pricey.  They offered a good slew of food items on the bar menu, which was great since one of us was a vegeterian (eggplant parm was yummay).  The drinks were great, though I did wish they had some kind of happy hour special.  Then again, this is Vegas so who am I kidding.Like most bars/nighclubs, the ambience was dark and loud.  But for happy hour...I thought it was a bit too dark and too loud.  You definitely should not go hear if you intend to have any kind of conversation.  Well, maybe not inside the bar/restaurant space.  They apparently have some nice tables, couches outside that would probably be more conducive to conversing.  But it was a bit too cool that night (they do have heating lamps outside) and those areas were already taken.Despite it's eardrum pounding noise, I definitely would go back with friends looking to drink and have a good time.  Maybe even dress up a little bit, as business casual attire didn't seem to cut it in this particular atmosphere.  I would even consider coming a bit earlier to check out the restaurant aspect as well.  You figure if the bar food was great, the actual entrees must be awesome.
1	STAY AWAY: This was quite simply the WORST meal I've ever had in Las Vegas, end of story. I ordered the pasta with seafood in what was supposed to be a spicy tomato sauce.  The seafood was OK but the pasta was virtually raw (I sent it back and the second coming was only marginally better) and the "sauce" might as well have come from a can of crushed tomatoes.  When I complained to the server I was told the kitchen prepares it "al dente" and did I understand what that meant?  Please - I'm a freakin' chef!  This linguini literally sat on my fork PARALLEL to the plate!  To add insult to injury, the whole mess took more than two hours with some of the most indifferent service I've ever had, and for a princely sum.Maybe the Vegas glitterati see something I don't (starting with the head-pounding noise and the nausea-inducing lack of lighting) but with all the other options in Las Vegas, this one deserves to close IMMEDIATELY.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, a large group of us (13 in total) had a great dinner.From the moment I walked it, I knew it was going to be a fabulous time.  The decor is very much like the hotel it's in - The Palazzo.  It's got dim lighting, and lots of cool colors.  The bar itself is this awesome semicircle behemoth with flat screen TVs all tuned in to the latest sports.For our large party, they seated us in a semiprivate section in the back of the restaurant.  It perfectly fit all of us together, and it only got better from there.  We ordered lots of foods since there were so many of us...but all I can say is OMG garlic bread!  By far the best garlic bread any of us had ever eaten!  The calamari was fresh, the GIANT cold seafood tower was awesome, but the garlic bread...yum!  Everyone ordered something different for dinner but no one complained.  Everything LAVO serves to you is well prepared.  And as for dessert - one word.  OREO ZEPPOLES.  This was heaven in your mouth.  And it was served to you with a tall glass of vanilla ice cream.  The prices were very reasonable, even for this New Yorker.  I would absolutely go back there again, for both the service, and the garlic bread/OREO ZEPPOLES.  And for me, they made a mean Grey Goose Cosmo.  Excellent time held by all!
2	My personal opinion:So we went to Lavo for dinner. The atmosphere was good, the service was average and the food was average.The garlic bread that started the meal was delicious...but that is as good as it got. I ordered the Rigatoni Melezzana. The pasta was too hard and the sauce was bland. My husband ordered the Spaghetti with Angus Meatballs he said it was "ehhh, ok." We heard such good things about the food we expected a lot more. The portions were acceptable.  They charged for cola refills which is always tacky and always pisses me off. The evening got a little strange when my husband spilled spaghetti  sauce on his favorite white lacoste polo. I tried to get the sauce out in the bathroom but it wasn't coming out. We were pretty much done with our meal so we got the check and threw in cash and started to head out. The manager chased us down in front of the restaurant and was asking us if everything was okay.  It was clear he thought we were trying to dine and ditch or something. We just looked at him like he was crazy and told him we put cash in with the check and walked out. We looked back to see him run to the table and check to see if we paid...seriously guy. My opinion...there is better Italian for better prices even within the same hotel.
4	All I really remember from LAVO is the open bar and seeing my potential future baby daddy here.Open bar for ladies, so we just went back and forth feeding drinks to our guy friends so that they won't be the sober party poopers.  Spent most of our time upstairs where the dance floor wasn't TOO big, but an alright size to get your shimmy on. Music was pretty good since I kind of remember dancing for a long time lol.  Not a bad place to stop by if you're planning on bouncing around to a few other clubs that night but not too sure if you want to stay for the WHOLE night, unless you spot a PFBD (potential future baby daddy)
1	Huge dissapointment. Service was lousy. It seemed like the waitstaff was completely untrained. Since I ordered the chicken parmesan, I felt like a side of pasta. The waiter let us know that "chef" didn't allow sides of pasta. He reccomended that my girlfried and I split the $19 pasta entree. Well "chef" had no right to not allow sides of pasta based upon how the rest of his food tasted. The chicken was overcooked to the point that it tasted burnt even under a layer of cheese. This wasn't even the worst part. The chicken parmesan was covered in so much garlic that not only could I not finish it, but it tasted more like garlic bread than the actual garlic bread did. Not impressed conisidering the amount of money I paid.
3	Eaten here and been to the nightclub as well. The restaurant is pretty good. Nice atmosphere, if you sit outside or at least close to it, you have a really good view of the show that plays in front of Treasure Island. The food is good -the bread with the marinara dipping sauce is really great -and the price is a little pricey but actually not bad at all compared to other restaurants in Vegas. The nightclub is alright, its a bit small, and nothing really stands out about it. Girls drink free before a certain time and it can get pretty packed. Jamie Fox made an appearance one night I was here.
4	LAVO...now what the heck does that word mean?  Oddly enough, when I heard about the LAVO restaurant/nightclub in Vegas, the first visual that came to mind was washing my hands in a basin of sudsy lather ("lavo" in Spanish means "I wash" - I remember SOME of what I learned in junior high!)  So did LAVO live up to our expectations, or was it really just all washed up in the hype?Julius and I went to the restaurant around 11:30 at night for Fourth Meal :)  I loved LAVO's rich amber hues and the chandeliers that casted a warm glow over the dining area.  Opulent!  Everything on the Italian-inspired menu looked so decadent that it made me feel bad we weren't hungry enough to go off on all the food.  Not only that, the best thing on the menu was supposed to be the meatball, and I've been on this Pescatarian experiment for a few months now - my resolve wasn't going to be ruined by no freakin' meatball (in my best Jersey accent!) So we ordered the Seafood Plateau Piccolo from the raw bar (the shrimp were big & juicy!) and the Cacciatore brick oven pizza (ehhh....the complimentary garlic bread that they served us was 10x better.)  But theee best thing ever was this dessert that sounds like you could only get it at your county fair.  I don't remember what it's called, but it's this beignet type of pastry with warm, moist Oreo cookies tucked inside.  Oh...my...gawd...this is soooo last meal on earth DELICIOUS!  After dinner, we went to LAVO's nightclub (Quick Tip:  Have dinner at the restaurant, you get free entrance into the club and front of the line privileges!)  My instincts turned out to be dead on...walking up the stairs to the club, the walls were covered in ceramic, bathroom-like tiles.  Along this walkway was a legion of running porcelain sinks.  And up another flight of stairs was a vintage bathtub off to the side.  And inside of the club, more bathroom tiles flanked the walls.  LAVO to me looked like one huge swanky bathroom, just as I had envisioned because of the club's name.  This was underscored as sprays of tiny bubbles floated over us as we shimmied on the dancefloor.  LAVO has a really great vibe - the DJ knew how to keep the dancefloor packed.  So groove on down to LAVO for some eats and beats, and get ready for some lavish fun!
4	I was there last Sunday.  I had SOOOOOO Much Fun.
3	I came with my friends on one of their Industry Nights on a Tuesday. My friend put us on the guest list and even the guys didn't have to pay cover! Yay! We got wristbands so we got free drinks/open bar from 11:30-12:30. Awesome! The bar was pretty crowded and crazy but the bartenders were amazingly fast! The guy we had was super nice and sweet too. Not rude/attitudey at all. Huge plus for that. Overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. A lot of people complain that their dance floor is really small and I admit, it is definitely on the dinkier side compared to other Vegas clubs... but it's similar to a lot of dance floors in LA. So I guess it's all relative.  Music was really good in the beginning - hip hop, top 40s, etc. but then towards the middle of the night, the DJ changed and it turned into house/trance music which I'm not a big fan of. They also gave out these huge long styrofoam glow sticks that look like pool floaties. LOL that was interesting...Overall, I'd say LAVO is a good place to pre-party for the open bar but not a club I'd wanna stay at the entire night.
4	Restaurant was amazing after a so-so experience at their bar first at our visit this week while in Vegas. Walked in without a reservation at 7pm but decided to have a cocktail at the bar first. Bitchy bartender looked at us like we were stupid when I asked her a question about a cocktail and then when we were making small talk with her. It was apparent because we were over 30 we must be pretty lame and not worth her effort to be nice to. The tip she got reflected her attitude towards us. When we entered the dining room it was like entering another world. TOTALLY different atmosphere and service. The service was just right, waiter was funny, knowledgeable and attentive in the right amount,  food was wonderful, the best calamari I have had in some time, and enough for 4 or 5 people. Hubby and I both had basic pasta dishes which the portions were just right and the bread they kept us supplied with was Divine! Nice "by the glass" wine selection also with some affordable choices since hubby was drinking something harder that night. Atmosphere was dim lights and a warm setting and I'd recommend it for couples or groups. Not really a place for kids, tables were somewhat close together and it just wasn't a place to take kids. Parents have mercy on the couples trying to have a date night in Vegas and take your kiddos to Grand Lux.
5	An invigorating dining experience awaits you at Lavo.Upon walking in, you're caught off guard by the perfectly dim lighting and their gorgeous set up. The hostesses were very warm and made you feel welcome. This place screams trendy but definitely not overbearing or pretentious.  We were seated at a roomy booth and were promptly offered drinks and our menus. Our server made it a point to be friendly enough to be likeable, but not overly talkative. The first thing you'll notice is the crowd. No riff raff, just beautiful women and seemingly affluent men. Their menu simple but elegantly put together. Their complimentary bread served with some sort of a tapenade was a great starter.  We ordered the oysters (well not for me), the kobe stuffed rice balls, and their white truffle fettuccine with truffle caviar  (which was that night's special).The portions were about average for an upscale restaurant, so there were no surprises there (negative or otherwise).  The ladies had some red wine, which I think they enjoyed with our meal. The servings were sufficient for the three of us. You definitely don't walk away hungry. Everything was above average in taste, but one thing blew my mind: the chocolate bread pudding with vanilla gelato which we ordered for dessert. It was OMFG-heavenly.  Each bite was paired with a compliment. Yes it was that delicious.  Forget everything else, you just have to try this. Overall, I think what made this experience a 5-star was how well the atmosphere, service, cuisine and of course the dessert just meshed incredibly together.  It's one of those things where each individual factor contribute to an even better outcome. We'll be back for sure.
4	If you're looking for good hip hop music in the clubs: Done. Done. DO IT!Clubs on the Strip play hip hop SETS but, mainly, focus on House.And in Vegas, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack when looking for GOOD hip hop music.I emphasize "GOOD" because it's not that rap hip hop boosh*t of today....it's that 90's feel good vibe you get with Mary J. or Musiq....mixed with the Top 40 stuff.But, by the time, they play the Top 40 ishhh, you're already grooving to the good stuff!!!DJ Vice always brings the goods =) "LOVE" Vice Sundays!!!
3	The nightclub here was waaay too small.  We had gotten there really early, since we had free drink tickets, but when we got in the bar was so crowded it took us forever to get our drinks.  Plus, the drinks were much more diluted that I'd like... There were girl dancers laying around, dancing, fanning themselves with these feather fans, which was pretty cool, and the music was actually REALLY great to dance to and we ended up staying the whole night until closing.  The DJ played great hip/hop songs from way back when...like Hot in Here by Nelly, that just brought back memories of great high school days.  However, the venue is just too small, and I'd recommend going next door to Tao.
5	Srsly could've stayed in the bay area to go to some shit like this.. why 5 stars? LMFAO performed & was giving free shots of patron through a beer bong (looked fun but was NOT trying to catch some sort of venereal disease) & Dj Vice played catdaddy & the dougie.. so I was pretty much sold after that.
4	Full disclosure: we had a hook-up in the form of the head of security, and that connection came with free cover, wristbands for open bar, and countless drink tickets.But! That being said, the music was great, the layout made sense, the tables weren't in the way of dancing and we all had a fun dancing our faces off. All around good times.
4	Club---people were fab, music was Top 40, bouncers were ok, bartender was top notch. The place is a little small, its a more intimate club. The crowd however, was classy, unrowdy. The dance floor - Packed! in a good way, not overpacked, and the people were appropriately good about it and were there only to have fun. The bouncers were professional, a big plus. Packed for a Tuesday night.
4	Made a 6:30pm Rez and were taken right to our table.  We chose the balcony seating.  Nice view of the strip and the treasure island pirate show.  I ordered the ceaser salad ($17!) and the husband got the pasta carbonana, very good and enough for us to share.  We ordered and the food came out in literally less than 5 mins.  Good food and reasonable price!
1	The most rude and obnoxious run restaurant in Las Vegas. i was there this past Friday night. The food was awful, the service was ok but the people who manage the place are the most unprofessional that i have ever seen. I have a lot of friends who travel to Las Vegas very frequently and i will tell them to cross this off their list! I have friends in the media as well and they will get the word too! Get off your high horse Lavo, Your place is not all that.  i also told the concierge group at the Encore and they  felt the same way.
4	Hit up Lavo the second night of a two night club binge with the first being Tao.  Lavo is pretty much like Tao except with a different theme and as I came to understand they were both developed by the same people.  Once again the ambience and atmosphere seemed to be the coolest thing about it.
4	LAVO, you trendy little beastie, kissing cousin to TAO, Italian style. You're just as guilty of being ridiculously priced as every other Vegas resort venue. But your food, your decor, your service... ya won me over, ya little scamp.WTF were we thinking ordering an appetizer consisting of a giant baked meatball? And what in the world do you think you're doing making that thing actually taste really good? Flatbread with shaved truffles and truffle oil - expensive as hell and a ridiculously frivolous starter, but you still made it worth it somehow.Lobster risotto? Perfectly seared rare tuna with grilled artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes? Why can't you suck more so I can slag you off as another expense-account darling with no reason to sit down to table other than a corporate AMEX account?Oh, and the complementary quaff of Moscato d'Asti at the end of the meal... damn you.
5	Loved the food!! The staff super friendly and helpful. Sat outdoors on the patio. Great view!! I now have a favorite all time dessert. Their deep fried oreo cookies with whipped ice cream to dip in. We celebrated a family members 60th birthday and it was a perfect place. The only negative was the music that the DJ was spinning was no appropriate for dinner time. It was dance music. It was piped through all the speakers. After awhile we were really tired of it.
3	Was here on a Sunday night because most places were either closed or not in operation. Anyways, this place was loaded with people. Getting into the place didn't take long, but just getting up to the club was a dread. First thing I wondered was, how the hell is a drunk person going to get his ass out of the club after he partied for 4 hrs (good thing it didn't happen to me). The stairs were never ending but we finally got up to the top. Small place and a huge open bar. The bar was crowded with rows and rows of people trying to get a drink. We ended up waiting for about 10 mins to get our first shot. I recommend going to the smaller bar next to the restroom area. Music that was played in this place wasn't bad at all. They did play the hits and got a pretty sweet DJ doing some mixes. The only thing I didn't like was how crowded it was. It was crowded enough that if you brought your drinks onto the dance floor, you wouldn't walk your ass out of the floor. You would just drop the glass on the floor and have the girls trip all over it. LOLAnyways, packed place... might select another place unless it was a Sunday Night. Oh, I did have fun though. LOL
3	As part of our bestofvegas.com deal, we had access to both TAO and LAVO nightclubs. I didn't know that both were related seeing as each have a different ethnic menu. After attending TAO on a Thursday night, I expected LAVO to be just as magnificent. Since we had our wristbands from the previous night, the security directed us to the shorter line and we were in within 5 minutes. Unlike TAO, LAVO had a much shorter line suggesting that we were dealing with a much smaller night club. When we entered we had to make our way to the top floor seeing as how the first floor was the restaurant and a single bar. When we arrived upstairs, the music was bumping loud and the dance floor packed. We struggled to make our way onto the dance floor, dancing for a small amount of time before becoming claustrophobic. The security guards essentially herd people like cattle from the entrance in hopes of keeping it clear to no avail. We finally made our way to the bar which covered one whole area and from this single bar with no more than three bartenders, everyone purchased their drinks here. Again, they seemed overwhelmed and undermanned. There was no real place to sit on the too floor and it was just two crowded with my personal space being violated. Much less satisfying than TAO was. Seeing as how it was just too crowded and we needed to rest our feet, me and my girlfriend made our way to the lower level to find a seat. I ordered a Margarita which was great as we sat there and relaxed on the couch. We noticed that LAVO close at 2AM that day as they did not allow my girl to come back after going outside to talk to her friends. I chugged my drink and left saddened by LAVO's short comings. If your within the LAVO (The Pallazo) area, you should check it out otherwise go to TAO for a much better experience that doesn't end at 2AM.
2	Dinner was unremarkable.  We did eat here especially to get into the club without any hassle, but the food was just blah.  The club was small and super crowded.  If you were on the dance floor you couldn't even move, much less dance.  We danced in the VIP area for a little while, the bouncers didn't really care and it was less crowded there.  We went solely because I heard they played good music (top 40 mixed with some 90's) but maybe we went on the wrong night.  Don't remember what songs they played but do remember countless shout outs to various people celebrating various things.  Really?  Play some freakin' music and shut up!Will not be back.
5	For a Tuesday night, I couldn't ask for better.  If bored on a Tuesday night, GO HERE.I called in to be put on the guest list for 5 girls, but ended up going with a total of 4 girls.  Because of the good ratio, we were specially handed wristlets that got us free entry and open bar until 12am.  We noticed this special treatment when not everyone on the guest list had them.  Unfortunately, we got placed in the slower line, though I think that may be because only two of my friends were there when we approached the bouncer.  Regardless, we still got in, got our free drinks, and headed to the dance floor!  Wait time for my line was around 20-30 mins---just long.  The ambience of the club is similar to Tao, but Tao is a lot more decorative.  Walking through the line of sinks is indeed something that regular clubs don't have.  Being that it was a Tuesday night, it wasn't too too crowded, so we had enough space on the dance floor to move around.  Similar to Tao, don't be expecting seats to rest your feet in, but honestly, we danced for two hours straight.  Had we not needed up get up at 7:30 to catch the ride home, I would've stayed until at least 3 am.  Also, as with Tao, there were foam bubbles that sprayed onto the dace floor.What makes or breaks a club for me in the music---LAVO nailed this!  Dj scratchy was an excellent dj, playing a good mixture of songs that I mostly knew.  Apparently, according to my friends they had switched the dj when within the first few minutes we were at the dance floor, but honestly, I didn't notice.  The smooth transition and same good music was playing, so it pretty much made my night.The negatives- no seats, couldn't find a bathroom (though we didn't try very hard to begin with), and oh yeah, we had a little too much fun.  For a couple of my friends, it was their first time clubbing, so we had a blast.  But if i were to choose one between Tao and Lavo, I would still choose Tao.  Where's the flying girl in the air and the bubbles, the girls washing in the bathtub, the extra sofas that girls are just lying in?  Overall though, for a Tuesday night, this is where the party is!
3	Beautiful Italian restaurant inside the Palazzo, with an outside terrace which is where we dined. We took my sister and husband to celebrate their Anniversary. The inside is trendy, soft lights, romantic, and very comfy. When we were taken to our table, it took a bit long for our waitress to finally come greet us. Throughout our meal she was just OK, she seemed to be in a rush every time she came to our table. Not sure if she was swamped but when you are paying good money I do expect better service. We ordered a few cocktails and a bottle of wine. I chose a Super Tuscan at a reasonable price, when the bus boy brought over these awful little by the glass thick short stemware. Um yeah if I order a b bottle of wine please give me decent stems. After I politely asked him for nicer glasses he did bring over much nicer stems. Of course my sister and brother in law thought I was being a wine snob. It's all good, they have no clue. ha ha We started with some appetizers, mussels, and an eggplant dish all were very good.  The eggplant was awesome!  Then entrees, we all ordered different dishes, their menu is fairly large with many options to please everyone. The presentation was nice, good size portions, cooked fresh. All of our entrees were good, nothing to great. I was not to wild about their marinara sauce. It was sweet and too thick. My sister and brother in law loved their food, and was very happy we chose this restaurant. Food could have been much better as it was forgettable for me. And service well they need some improvement. The view outside was gorgeous, it is a very pretty restaurant, we did enjoy our evening but next time I am so wanting to try "Tao". Prices were high, for Italian food that was just average at best.
5	My husband and I took a post shopping/pre dinner stop at the bar here just to get a drink.  Well that was what the plan was til the cocktail waitress reccomended a few snacks they had on their menu.  Ok so I caved...I swear we were only getting drinks.I had these figs with amazing cheese in the middle just little gems of a treat a bit ackward to eat but the taste was sublime.  My husband upped the annity and got a lobster flatbread that was AMAZING.So now were full, well sort of, so we think we'll skip dinner but on our way out we stop to get reservations.  Alas it was not to be (trendy place better make reservations WAY in advance) but not to be put off we come back a few hours later, with our friends, and squeeze into the bar.Luckily we were offered the full menu because I found their tomato lobster bisque fra diablo.  I think we had other food too but after eating this soup who cares?  Seriously if you never eat another thing again you must, must, must have this soup.  Its smooth and just flavorful.  YOu taste the tomatoes as if you've just picked them from the garden its almost sweet enough to be a dessert, but in a good way not in a sugary way.  Then there is a hint of pepper when you bite into the glistening morsels of lobster.  I'm salavating just thinking about it now.  All joking aside I'd go to Las Vegas just for this soup.
4	I think I've always had a negative attitude about Lavo because it is associated with being a night club and located in a Vegas casino.  Those two factors alone always seem to always bring my expectation of food down.  Lavo proved me wrong.  I was pleasantly surprised with the caliber of food AND service at our recent outing as a big bachelorette party group.The Food:Garlic Bread (compliementary) - super garlicky and butter and perfectly crispy.  Just the way I like itMeatball - They have a choice of meatballs and I thought that it would be a few meatballs, but this was one HUGE tasty meatball on a bed of fresh greens and flavorful garlic crostiniTuna Tartare - refreshing mix of chopped tuna and avocado.  Not bad.Kobe Stuffed Rice Balls - Aracini stuffed with kobe beef.  Interesting, yummy and filling.New York Strip Steak - we ordered medium because we were sharing family style.  Actually cooked perfectly and deliciousRigatoni Sausage Bolognese - The rigatoni itself was al dente.  Nothing impressive about the sauce.  Spinach and Artichoke Pizza - Soggy pizza.  Enough said.Crispy Zucchini - Deep fried shoestring zucchini.  Yum!!Garlic Mashed Potatoes - .... what garlic?Service:Was it me or were all the servers handsome male models?  The service was actually really attentive.  Waters were filled, wine glasses never empty, napkins folded whenever we went off to the restroom.Conclusion:  I would say that the restaurant offers a nice variety of crowd pleasers with some nice service and eye candy.  Overall, 3.5 stars because the food was a mix of mediocre to very good food.  Definitely not your momma's homemade Italian, but good for a fun night out on the strip and you can get a view of Treasure Island's pirate show's fireworks if you're positioned towards window.
4	This is a late review from March but I would say that overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. Great hang out place.. We arrived with huge lines but since we got in VIP we got in right away.  My hub & I dance the night away but since dance floor was too small, I think noise level was too much considering being too close to the DJ.  Music on weekedays wasn't bad at all.  Wouldn't mind returning again when in town.
5	Can we please only focus on how utterly amazing, brilliant and awesome the DJs are here?!?!?!? I haven't heard music this good in what honestly feels like FOREVER. I have only good things to say about Lavo as a nightclub. People in there - just want to dance. Bartenders - don't waste time and get to all the people waiting. DJs - i want to listen to you guys all day every day. I haven't had this much fun at a club since i think i was maybe 19 and clubbing was cool and new. Thanks Lavo, for making clubs cool again. I cannot WAIT to go back!
3	This review is for the club only**Forgot which night I came here but the night that we came , there was an open bar for the ladies which was pretty cool . This place is alright but kinda small . Also , I tripped when going down the stairs upon leaving due to the darkness which was embarrassing . I could barely see the steps because there was no lights on the steps to make it stand out or anything .
2	Went here for a bachelorette dinner, and it was not great. The service was slow, the waiter wasn't overly helpful and the food was mediocre at best.
4	Came here on a Sunday night recently and it was just dead! Stayed for about an hour and the party just really never got going. They didn't hold up the lines or anything, so even guys got in pretty quick. Alot of the ladies in line got open bar wristbands, so it's nice that they show love to the cute girls and the grenades here lol. The venue itself is really nice, but really small! I do like the layout of it; with the bar being on a higher level then the dance floor. But if anything i would classify more as a lounge with a dancefloor rather then a nightclub.Maybe because it was a Sunday? Don't think I would come here again unless I got the 3 in 1 wristband for Tao/Tao Beach/Lavo.Really a 3 star rating, but an extra star for good music. The DJ played Sisqo's THONG SONG! hahah
4	This is a review for the club only.  I definitely give Lavo bonus points, because I once met a guy there named Elvis (checked his driver's license). You can't buy such an experience! On my most recent visit, it was unbearably crowded, but I'm not sure it's fair to fault a club for that. The crowd itself is quite friendly, and everyone is having a good time. Be careful if you're really drunk or wearing very high heels (high probability for that in Vegas), because you have to go up quite a bit of stairs to get into the club area.
1	I came here for the forth of July weekend on a Sunday and there was no line. I came towards the promoter/bouncer to ask him what was the cover. and he just walked away. I called him and he kept walking. I don't know if he was racist or just had a bad attitude. What a horrible place!
5	Yet another magnificent time at Lavo.I brought the girls here for dinner for our bach party and had our meal set up as a pre fixe at reasonable fee per person which included tax and gratuity. They sat us in the private dining room, and immediately they brought out delicious plate after delicious plate of varying items from calamari, to giant meatballs, to pasta, salmon, etc. Everyone was able to sample a variety of things and no one left hungry. They even had dessert prepared for us as well, deep fried oreos and a chocolate cake. Great times to be had at Lavo. Make sure you add this to your list of vegas stops.
4	Came here for drinks & appetizers with some friends and were treated extremely well by the staff, which all looked like models of course. It was sort of an odd hour, after gambling in Palazzo, so the place wasn't too happening yet. Ambient music was being mixed by an on-site DJ so that was cool. We shared a few things... calamari (decent), tuna tartare w/ avacado (refreshing), kobe meatball w/ sausage ragu (amazing), & spaghetti carbonara (so creamy rich I had to drink something after each bite... but STILL excellent). Great decor but what the real trip was the restroom sinks. My first though walking into the restrooms, "damn, those are some tall urinals" hahaha Which were actually sinks  but shaped like some sort of rituallistic cyllinders. FYI: they're not motion sensored so stop waving your hands like an idiot and use the foot pedal!
4	Our server was fantastic. He was very nice and extremely helpful when ordering. He actually told me he wouldn't let me order anything on the menu that wasn't good. He made excellent drink recommendations as well. Food was good and the courses were served at a good pace. I will go back next time I'm in Vegas. Only disappointment, the tiramsu - skip it. Gelato was great!
5	Great dining experience all together. Service was great and food was scrumptious.  The Tomato Caprese was fabulous and the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs was to die for.  My only regret is that we didn't have enough room to even try the tempting dessert menu....
4	Really nice place; it's small, but big enough and with a live DJ. Food and drinks were good and priced accordingly. The only negative is that I had RSVP'd for Thursday night for the club, but turns out they now close the club on Thursdays.
4	Both the restaurant and nightclub are nice to look at - which is good because the other scenery was a little frightening.  I think the door guys were too forgiving about who they let into the club.  I'd give it three stars if it wasn't for the professional, efficient bartenders.  Jorge and Jessica in particular earn an extra star in my rating for being nice, funny, and on top of their game. Smart and hard working - I like those traits in a bartender.
3	Review is only for the nightclub.I have never had a bigger "Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde" experience out there.  I had read reviews that said that this club (along with the Bank and Vanity) were the best clubs to go to on a Sunday night.  We had gotten the $50 wristbands that gave us unlimited access to Tao and Lavo for the weekend, and despite getting a free pass to Pure at Caesar's Palace, decided to check this place out instead.  We got there at 10:30, only to be told that the club didn't open until 11.  By the time we returned about an hour later, the place was absolutely packed, which isn't a great thing because unlike many other clubs in Vegas, this one was quite small.  I suppose that's the difference between a "megaclub" like Tao, Pure, Tryst, etc. and an "intimate nightclub" like Lavo (and apparently, Surrender).Anyway, the talent was absolutely lacking when we first entered, and the ones who did show up were, let's just say not that fun.  It actually got so bad that we left at around 12:30.  Of course, after walking through the Palazzo and doing a bit of gambling for awhile, we realized that it was 1:30AM in Vegas on a Sunday night, and decided to give Lavo one more (last) try.  These are things that you would never do except in Vegas.Completely different experience, and it suddenly became a great night (or a regular night in Vegas, by my experience).  The place was still packed, but moving around didn't feel as difficult anymore.  Most of the snooty girls had left (or passed out in the bathroom, I hope).  And of course, as soon as we walked in, All of the Lights came on, with the accompanying light show and everything was good again.Still, can't give this place a glowing review because before it was good, it sucked, badly.  And yes, even when it was good, it wasn't awesome, because some of the residual lameness from before was still there.  If nothing else, Lavo certainly proves more than anything that, "in this town, your luck can change just that quickly."
4	Review is for the restaurant. The food was really good but I take your pepcid....I had the worst indigestion of my life! Love the ambiance there.
3	Decent meal.  Between the excellent garlic bread and the apps we ordered (kobe rice balls and meat balls), we were kind of full.  We were able to get seating outside, which was nice.  Kind of pricey, but between the food and service it was worth it.They also have a bumpin' dance club inside, we weren't staying for that but it looked like a lot of fun.  By fun I meant there were more girls than at a Justin Bieber show.
5	This place is so delicious...Seriously, it's one of my favorite restaurants in the "West Coast-ish" area. The boyfriend and I went here on our trip to Vegas this past March and I loved this place so much that he recently took me to the one in New York. I didn't love my food at the New York location as much as I loved my food at the Vegas one. Seriously, it was just that good. After our delicious dinner (accompanied with wine and dessert) we went to the lounge/club area upstairs. I remember it was a Thursday night and there weren't too many people at the club but I still had a great time. Lavo brings back so many wonderful food and dancing memories that I would recommend it to everyone going to Vegas.
4	Got a reco from a friend to check this place out and so glad we did!  Loved the atmosphere and decor of this place.  Our waiter was one of the nicest guys ever and was charming in a non-obnoxious way.  I would definitely make a reservation here though, as it was packed.  Loved it!
2	Too crowded.  Not impressed. Snobby people. Not fun having your feel stepped on.
4	Fun spot. Loved the decor.  Service was good.  Views of the strip are awesome.  Highly recommend!
5	My sisters and I all went to Vegas to celebrate our youngestest sisters 21st!  We originally made plans to eat at another restaurant but ended up at Lavo...and I'm sooo glad we did!  One of the best meals i've had.  We all ordered something different; kobe stuffed rice balls, clams, sea bass, pene ala vodka and for dessert tiramisu.  Everything was delish and we had a great time at the nightclub upstairs!  I would go back in a heartbeat!
5	All I know is that the music was cracking at this place (better than XS) and the crowd was bumpin'.  Girls from Canada, SF and LA were making their rounds to our table so it was @#$!ing awesome!  lol.  The girls were super nice although we had to hide a few of our bottles from a couple of them because they thought it was "all you can drink" or something...
4	Nightclub rating only...We got lucky because we happened to arrive during Kris Humphries' (new husband of Kim Kardashian) bachelor party.I also saw Jordan Farmar, Lamar Odom and Scott.Place was packed on a Saturday night and we didn't want to wait in line so we did bottle service. Cost us $575 total for 5 guys and we got grey goose and our choose of drinks.You don't get your own VIP booth - you actually get to sit on a long couch and you get a small section along with the other bottle service people.Overall pretty cool club, but I think it's pretty small compared to others like XS, Marquee, JET, and Pure.
1	See my revue on TAO.This place is just as bad, times 10.If you want to have a good time avoid this club at all cost.It is SMALL.The VIP area is always extra full. You fork over hundreds and it is no better than the standard dance floor.I wanna slit my wrists just thinking about this place! DON'T DO IT. JUST SAY NO!
2	I was excited about going to LAVO since I've been hearing so many times on TV and from people that this was the place to go in Vegas, NOT!!!!!!! let me tell you I was not impress. The decor is amazing and those are the two star I gave the place. The music was awful, the crowd was very, very young and the dirks very pricey. Maybe because I'm from Miami but we have much better clubs here in SOBE. It was packed so we got a table, for like $500 something but there is no VIP area, it's just a table by the bar, not very comfortable.
2	I really wanted to like this place, cause I Love Tao; however, this was not the case. We had 7:45 reservations on a Friday night. We were not seated for over 40mins, which is unacceptable. The service was okay- not great, not horrible, just okay.  When you are spending around $100 a person the service should be exemplary. Certainly not the case here. I am a Vegan, so I ordered the broccoli, it literally came out with two partial heads of broccoli (not cut up at all) needless to say I had to cut all of the pieces myself while my colleagues looked at the monster head of broccoli and just giggled. I will certainly pass on the broccoli in the future. The bread dipped in marinara was yummy- but again it's pasta- just pasta...nothing that special. Seriously the Olive Garden makes a marinara sauce that might even be better. I would never go back. It's not worth the money, the wait, the experience etc. Total waste of an evening in Vegas if you ask me.
4	Nightclub rating: Our bachelorette party came here on a Saturday night and shared the night with Kris Humphries bachelor party! Not sure if that was why it was insanely packed, but we could barely move. You really have to stake your claim on the dance floor and not let people pushing through bother you. The music was a great mix the night we came. We loved the fun dance music, go go dancers and really nice bartenders. They served the drinks fast, and we barely had to wait, even for how crowded it was. Its easy of course to get in if you don't have a guy in your group, with that said, they should have stopped letting people in at the point you couldn't move going up and down the stairs. I think they like to make it as stuffed as possible so it looks happenin', but really it just gets to be too squished.  One in one out doorman... thats my suggestion.
5	My favorite restaurant in LV and a truly intimate dining experience. I am Sicilian and have traveled Italy and this is still the best Italian food I've tasted! Great after hours spot as well.
4	NIGHTCLUB REVIEW! came here on a sunday night with my girlfriends.  met up with our promoter and he walked us right in. no wait or cover charge! woo! open bar for girls 11-12pm. drinks are actually pretty damn strong, which i was not expecting since it was free.  the whole club in general is super small but the music was good. got to see Kris Humphries that night too! so yeah it was super crowded. people were spilling drinks all over the dance floor so that was no bueno. i would come back again with my girlfriends since everything was free anyways! yay for free fun/drinks!
1	(only for the nightclub) Safe to say.... this Vegas local will never be back here again. I may be biased as nightlife is not my thing, but I also still have enough knowledge to justly weigh the good and bad of things. I was really expecting good out of Lavo because the Palazzo is such a gorgeous and elegant hotel.I was in a large party of 10+ girls and we were referred there by a promoter. I give props to him as he was very persistent, welcoming, and was working EXTREMELY hard. When we got into the restaurant part of Lavo I could see he was working on multiple tables of parties that he had obviously lured in to the club. He poured us one small cup of... citrus vodka... and juice?? And we were ushered out and up to the club. The club entrance is not attractive in my opinion.  As Lavo does mean "wash" in Italian.. the theme is unattractive... running sinks & bathtubs. Plus, how can you feel clean and washed with a group of the scariest and most antiqued people I've seen all gathered into one big mess of a crowd.. I am not saying that the old(er) demographic should not get out and have fun, but this crowd looked like those who should understand life and alternate ways of fun. Of course, the bartenders and hostesses were very attractive and eye-catching, as were the girls who were invited to sit at tables as we were. If you are looking to look at women, this would be a good spot to come... but I assure you there are an abundance of other places I would recommend before Lavo. If you are looking to dance freely and have a little air to breathe, looking for a place that holds more adventure and a larger layout, and looking for somewhere to spend your entire night... go elsewhere.
4	Nightclub:The venue is on the small side, I felt really cramped walking around and especially trying to get a drink. It looked like there was just the one bar, and it line was 4 customers deep all the way around the bar. BUT all us girls in our group got free drink wristbands so that was cool, and it bumps up my review 1 star haha.I enjoyed the music and had a good time on the dancefloor.
5	Tuesday night is service industry night. I was in Vegas for my sister's 21st birthday. We met a guy who got us in at 11pm and wristbands for an hour of free drinks, Well drinks but my sis is 21 and was not complaining. Lavo is a tad on the smaller side but we had a BLAST! Great music to dance to. All of the bartenders were nice. I am sure some of the fun stuff came when we met some awesome Australian guys and sat in VIP with them most of the night too! :)
1	LAVO pretty much ruined my Vegas trip. We were in Vegas for my girlfriend's birthday and we were staying at the Palazzo. The greeter at the door I guess worked at TAO nightclub and told us that if we ate here than we would receive free express entry into the nightclub for every entree that we purchased. TAO just happened to be the nightclub that all the girls wanted to go to and we were on the hungry side.We sat down and our waiter split us up into two tables. I wanted to get my usual seafood linguine, but I had it the night before so I was persuaded to try something else. I asked the waiter for his recommendations and he told me the swordfish.It's a pretty spacious room and you get to see everyone drinking their Voss bottled water. I thought it was weird that the sinks of the restrooms were visable from downstairs. Not the best layout in my opinion; when your guests can enjoy their meal and watch their fellow patrons drop a twosie.Even though we were seated and waited on at the same time as the second half of our party, the food arrive at very different times. We all pretty much ordered the same items, but everything came out sporadically. Not that I wanted my entree to be rushed out... The swordfish was dry and the serving size was pretentious. I understand that they were probably shooting for French servings, but when I saw the hefty dishes that others in my group received, I was a bit peeved.Nonetheless, this was not even the worst part of the night. The worst part came, when we got to TAO and the bouncers told us that the stubs that we received were only good at LAVO. At this point, I had had enough. I called over to LAVO and made my complaint to the hostess. She tried to convince me that for the longest time, the stubs would only allow them entry into LAVO. I argued with her and she even accused me of lying. After long deliberation, I spoke with the manager and she told me to get in contact with the manager at TAO. When I got back to TAO, the retarded bouncers wouldn't even let me talk to the manager. I'm surprised those Neanderthals knew how to conjugate words into sentences. Eventually I get to someone who I think can help me and they end up telling me we can get in with the stubs and that's how it's always worked. They need to get their freaking facts straight.Worst experience I've ever dealt with. I already had distaste for nightclubs in Vegas. This was just the straw that broke the camel's back.
2	This review is for the nightclub. It's basically a smaller version of Tao. We came here after leaving Tao, because it was so packed. Kim K.'s fiance was having his bachelor party here so the place was filled with basketball players. The club wasn't that big, but it wasn't packed to the point where you can't dance. I wasn't in the modd to dance since the music sucked as well!! If I would have paid to get in I woud have been pissed!
4	Considering I am not a big fan of nightclubs, this was not too bad. The downstairs portion is very nice. It is roomy, you do not feel cramped like most places on the strip. You can sit down and have a nice dinner or sit at the bar and have a drink or two. Either way can be an enjoyable experience. The food & drinks were amazing; however, a bit pricey (but you are on the strip after all...). The upstairs portion was not that bad. Small dance floor with a nice bar next to it. Not that much room unfortunately once enough people are there. Again, I am not a fan of nightclubs, but I would assume those who are would enjoy it =)
4	On a recent visit to Vegas my girlfriends and I ate at the restaurant and then later danced the night away in the nightclub. The restaurant made me feel like I was in New York. The decor was modern and inviting. What we loved the most were the very attractive waiters, like everyone who was part of the waitstaff was very attractive, but not in a model or fake way. The food was good. Get one of the meatballs, but be prepared to share, as the serving size was huge. The service was great and our waiter even asked if we were going to the nightclub after and provided passes to get in. We had already put ourselves on the guest list earlier, but it's good to know for the next visit. The nightclub was fun too. It had 30 something crowd and was smaller than other Vegas nightclubs, but not too crowded. The music was great too!
2	While the food was fantastic and service almost great, the nightclub was a let down. After you wait in line to get in, you'll listen to music that encourages drinking, you will see people holding full bottles of liquor from their table service, and when you try to get through the crowd a young pup of a bouncer will stop you to see if you're intoxicated. He did this as we made our way through the thick crowd  to the bathroom. He tried to separate us( females) and take one to a back room ALONE. I became irate and demanded he go get her husband first. I would NOT allow this nor should you!  We did go back and dance and saw someone WHISKED away by the guys in dark suits to the backroom. Yet the drunk with the Vodka and the other with Patron bottle stood around. Total harassment that was extremely intimidating.
4	If you're staying at the Palazzo and it's a late night, GO HERE! they will get you passes to get in free, prices for drinks are good, get Cucuy Vodka! music's good and it's in your hotel!THIS IS ONLY A NIGHTCLUB REVIEW, I DIDNT EAT THERE SORRY
3	ONE BAD THING TO NOTE ON LARGE GROUPS:When reserving a large table, they make you fax over a form (that they e-mail you) on which you're required to include not only credit card info but also a copy of your driver's license, to hold the reservation.Now I'm not saying Lavo is definitely responsible for what ultimately happened (because I have no actual proof of it aside from circumstantial evidence), but when I returned from my Vegas trip, I found out that someone went on a shopping spree (in & around Vegas) with the credit card # I had written on the reservation form.Through process of elimination, I figured out it might have been someone who works @Lavo behind the scenes, who happened to have access to the fax I had sent over, w/my credit card info on it.My credit card # wasn't exposed anywhere else on my trip except Lavo when I made the reservation (my party didn't use my card to pay for our bill, we all paid in cash - & I didn't use this card anywhere else on my trip).This idiot also bought herself a plane ticket with said credit card. She doesn't realize that because of this, her name was on my credit card statement & I now have a name to add to my Kill Bill Hitlist. I called Lavo to ask if this person works there & they said they're not allowed to reveal any personnel info.I still think it's a great restaurant, the food was absolutely delicious & service was very good. So I downgraded my original review by 1 star due to this credit card fraud thing. Would've only given it 1 star but I actually would like to go back here (because the food was that good) - & pay in cash!
4	This would have been 5 star had we not gone upstairs to the club after eating dinner on the patio, but since we did I felt it necessary to combine the 2 reviews into one. Dinner was amazing, service was excellent, food was great, we sat on the patio which wasn't too hot even for July weather. Just really really good experience...then we went upstairs, the club was mehhh, we got free drink tickets and got to get weird drunk men touching our hair and walking up out of nowhere to try and kiss us, gross. The nightclub obviously can't control their patrons oddness but the club itself was underwhelming, we only stayed for one drink then left... but I would really reccommend the restuarant!
2	For the night club only... It was way the hell too crowded due to the space being very small.
1	This review is for the LAVO NIGHTCLUB only!!I'm giving this nightclub one star because of DJ Reach, who is possibly the worst DJ ever!! I believe he has a very easy job considering how terrible he is. Just select a playlist, hit play and keep his mouth shut. But apparently, that's just too hard for him or something. He would open his mouth every 5 seconds to shout out random words that nobody cared for. Yea, I know there are single ladies in the house; I'm dancing next to them. Stop interrupting the music and just let the music play!Another thing DJ Reach could not do is transitioning from song to song. You know what he does when he wants to transition to the next song? AIR HORNs!!! What the hell? When he does that, it's annoying and it doesn't make any sense. Songs don't match up? Doesn't matter because DJ Reach has his AIR HORN sound mapped out on his keyboard. YAY! Here's a quote from Wikipedia: "Club DJ turntable techniques include beatmatching, phrasing, and slip-cueing to preserve energy on a dancefloor." I should go to Wikipedia to remove "beatmaching, phrasing, and slip-cueing" and replace with "AIR HORNing".Oh yeah, the club is too small for the amount of people they stuffed inside.P.S. the night before, I had the pleasure of listening to DJ Jazzy Jeff over at club RAIN in the Palms. Now that's a freaking DJ!! Unlike this DJ Reach...blergh!!
5	Palazzo did this place right.  Situated on the center of the strip, the club is classy and the crowd makes you feel at home.  Drink up and shake what you're working with.  If you're a hotel guest admission is free.  If you have a Grazie Card, you don't have to wait in line.  Nice place to count down the new year or celebrate a birthday!!!
3	I stayed at the Palazzo this past weekend with a group of friends of 4 guys and 3 girls.  With that kind of ratio, it's a b*tch to get into any club.  One plan after another fell through which is how we ended up at LAVO at 11:45PM.  Short line in comparison to TAO and no guestlist needed since we were staying at the hotel.  Free for girls, $15 for guys, which you really can't get any cheaper than that on the Strip on a Saturday night IMO.I very much enjoyed the music and the scene is definitely not as pretentious as the major nightclubs which is probably why I liked it.  However, no matter how much I enjoyed the music, I HATED how crowded it was.  So crowded that by 1AM, I got stuck in the middle of the dance floor trying to get out and a tall (quite handsome) man had to pick me and place me at the bar because I was freaking out and no one else was caring that a 4'10 little girl was about to get stampeded on.That's what you get when you're being a cheapass on the Vegas strip I guess.I really did like the music a lot though.  A lot of hip-hop, R&B, top 40s, mixed in with some 90s rock, and some house.  A good mix.  House has taken over Vegas and it's not my cup of tea when I'm in a short dress and heels.  Just a shame that I had to play babysitter that night.  And that I almost got trampled.Would I come back?  Maaaaybe.Yelp 365 challenge #5
3	Got a comped dinner here with some girlfriends. the food wasn't too bad. the dinner of course was preselected for us. after they took us upstairs to the club area. what a small place! like super small. not the kind of place i want to be in vegas... but good for predrinking since girls had open bar for a bit! of course we left soon after we consumed enough drinks.
5	Amazing food and ambiance! Italian restaurants are always just eh but this one surpasses all expectations!
3	Wasn't really feeling the techno-type music they played that night, and I had paid $10 to get in with a coupon. Not bad for my first club in Vegas, I guess. Drinks were typical Vegas ($12-18), so that was expected. It was a smaller place than I thought, so that made it seem really crowded. Bottomline: There are better clubs in Vegas.
5	We went here for dinenr before seeing Jersey Boys and were amazed at how good the food was.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list.  We had the kobe meatball as an appetizer and it was the best meatball I've ever had.  The garlic bread was amazing.  All of our pasta dishes and the carne pizze were very good.  They even brought out a tiramisu as a birthday desert for my fiance.  The decor was beautiful inside - we ate outside overlooking the strip and got to watch the treasure island show from our table.  They also give you a stamp to come back to the nightclub for free - which is worth a lot in Vegas.  We did come back for the club but it was way too crowded to hang out.  We waited at the bar for 5 minutes before going back down the restaurant bar to get drinks.  We went back up to dance but it was just too crowded to stay.  I think you definitely need a table on a saturday night to have a good time here.  It reminded me of Tao since there were women washing each other in a bathtub.Overall - dinner was amazing but the club would only get 2 stars for me.
2	Restaurant review (yelp needs to create separate entries for places that are restaurants and clubs...it's hard to weed through reviews!)My friend and I felt like having Italian while we were in Vegas, so we decided to try Lavo.  The service was great, but to the point where it got kind of ridiculous...someone was checking up on us almost every 5 minutes during our meal so it felt like too many interruptions.  Our waiter recommended the meatball appetizer, which turned out to be pretty good...it was the size of a softball and good enough for 4 girls to share.  It was flavorful, but not spectacular.  We were hoping our entrees would turn out better, but things went downhill from there.  I had the seafood Alfredo, which was shrimps and scallops in a light cream Alfredo sauce.  It was so incredibly salty that I only finished a fourth of my plate.  My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass.  The fish itself was well cooked, but it was lacking in flavor.  We also had an order to roasted potatoes with sweet caramelized onions, which was also salty.
3	Very pretty place with just an incredible amount of people.Not as enjoyable imo as Tao.On a sidenote, I wonder how much the girls at Tao get paid to sit in bathtubs naked...
3	Came here on a Sunday night for the first time.  We got comped drinks for an hour.  They played hip hop, the dance floor was small & crowded.  We ended up staying in one spot, got buzzed and left for XS.
4	Amazing food! The kobe meatballs changed my life. I had a client dinner here and everyone loved it. My only complaint was that we only had 2 hours for 15 of us to eat and were told very rudely that we needed to leave because our time was up. Try the fried zucchini!
2	By far, the most claustrophobic night club in Las Vegas from my experience. It's so small, you be surprise it's a club and not a bar. It's located in the Palazzo which is a sister hotel of the Venetian. If you're a guest at either of these hotels, they provide you "tickets" to the club. These "tickets" do not bypass the general line nor the guest list line. It's not even free! You still have to dish out $5 extra (if I remembered) for each admission... I was really intoxicated at that time, but I believe the entrance and exits are through different sides. It was confusing just to get out!I did not have a good experience at LAVO and will probably not come back unless I was dragged here.
4	The LAVO nightclub is extremely tiny. I dig it though. I'm used to going to "tiny" nightclubs anyway. When I say "tiny"... I'm talking about the space- not very spacious. From what I could remember there's three bars, one dance floor, a DJ booth, and a VIP area behind the DJ booth.I'm not fans of nightclubs with multiple levels where the only means of venturing to these levels are stairs. Stairs and heels are not your best friends. Stairs, heels, and intoxication equals bad news bears.The whole time I was at LAVO... I thought I was at TAO. I had a blast at LAVO... so imagine all the fun I would have at TAO. I absolutely loved the music the DJ played. Mainstream Top 40 with a mixture of old school hip hop. I'm a dancing machine and I don't think I ever danced for four hours straight-- nonstop.
4	Food is fabulous, the staff is great and if you like that type of atmosphere then you will love Lavo. My only words of advice is DO NOT be late for your reservations. The hostesses will purposely wait to seat you. My friend and I overheard the ladies talking about not seating us right away because we were 10 minutes late. The hostesses claim we were 30 minutes late but it was only 10 minutes. They will also not seat you unless your entire party is there. And I mean the entire party even if they are sitting at the bar. You must be absolutely ready to be seated or they will NOT seat you. It's unfortunate that the whole entire experience was not pleasant but most of it was.
4	We started the day at Tao beach, then ended up at Tao and eventually at LAVO. I had a good experience here. The dance floor is small but I got comped for drinks and was having a grand o' time.People who stand in line, Vegas have promos from August - October where you don't have to stand in line! You can get the All Access Wristbands and you just cut through everyone! It gives you access to Tao Beach, Tao Nightclub, and Lavo. Clubbing in Vegas was fun for us and we had a good experience with the bouncers. I'm glad we didn't experience the drama that everyone else had to go through with the reviews on here or else it would have totally ruined my trip!
5	One of my most favorite places to eat & pourty while in Vegas!I went here last weekend with some gal pals and once again, such a delightful experience.  The food is soo delicious.  I tried to warn my friends that we would get full real fast, but they were starving and excited to eat.  First off, I am not a marinara fan, but the marinara sauce they bring out w/ the garlic bread is definitely the best I've ever had.  It is a great dipping sauce to an even more awesome garlic bread.  For appetizers we got some calamari, and a kobe meatball on top of a arugula salad and crostini.  After this, we were already so pleased, satisfied, and pretty much full, yet we went forward w/ our entrees.  I got the special ravioli of the night, filled with ricotta cheese, soo good.  The other gals got the shrimp scampi and seafood alfredo.  Both were also winners.  After we stuffed our face til we just couldn't stuff it no more, we changed into our flats (it's Vegas... heels in the club can only last you so long, and you don't want to walk barefoot on those streets either!) and went to the LAVO lounge/club portion.  Luckily, we were staying at the Palazzo, so we were able to bypass the long line and get in para gratis.  The upstairs club  is pretty small, compared to the other ones on the strip, but it was still on and crackin'.  We danced a little, then went back downstairs to the lounge and kicked it outside and danced.  The outside patio is perfect cuz it is right on the strip, and you can watch the Sirens show at TI.  It also helps that the weather was about 101 degrees, so it was a beautiful night.  So, we danced the night away outside, inside, upstairs etc.  Great selection of music both upstairs and downstairs. LAVO is just fabulous! Great food, great service, great music, and possible celebrity sightings... (last time I saw Robin Leach & a playboy bunny).  Definitely a must every time I am in Vegas.
5	Dinner was amazing! Night club was a nice place, cool inside and very roomy! The service was amazing everyone who worked there was very nice, helpful, and knowledgeable
3	We had dinner reservations at TAO and decided to cancel last minute and try out Lavo since we had already been to TAO last year.  The space is really cool inside, I loved the music the DJ was playing and the outdoor seating area where you can have a drink.  The service was great, from the hostess to our waiter everyone was very fast, professional and nice.  My husband and I were not hungry at all and didn't get to try any of the appetizers, we both ordered Lobster and the Mashed Potatoes, the Lobster was great, the Mashed Potatoes were awesome!! I could not stop eating them, they were a perfect balance of Garlic and cheese.  After dinner the hostess asked if we wanted a stamp so that we can you to the nightclub, we said sure and headed out to the nightclub.  After looking at the line we practically ran the other way.  Trashy, young...did I say trashy? I know this is Vegas but come on girls when you can't walk in your 6 inch stilettos and have to keep pulling your dress down to cover your butt, something is not right!  I would definitely go back for dinner/drink but that's about it!
3	A little small club... extremely crowed... can't really danceAwesome bartenders!
3	LAVO tries really hard to be good at the three things it is: an upscale restaurant, a club, and a lounge.  It really excels at none, but is worth going to none-the-less if it's a slow night, especially if you're staying at Palazzo.As for the food, get the Kobe (obviously not proper Kobe) stuffed rice balls and just be happy with those - they're absolutely phenomenal.  Go outside for a hookah on the balcony if it's nice enough out, then head upstairs for some shoulder to shoulder dancing on Vegas' smallest dance floor.  The VIP area behind the DJ booth is nice, but if you're able to get a table on the side of the floor, it's considerably better.  Drinks are weak and overpriced but you already knew that.  Music at the club ranges from crappy to okay ... I was never really wowed.  If you're a Palazzo Prestige cardholder, you get to skip the long line and if it's not jam packed, they'll wave your cover.
5	I don't know what Lavo's nightclub is like, but based on three dining experiences here, I will keep coming back for the food. The latest outing was to take advantage of some attractive Restaurant Week offerings. We chose patio dining this time, and I was surprised to see that my party of four were seated directly across from the TI show, which we actually saw while we dined. As far as the show is concerned, I liked it better in its earlier sea battle incarnation minus the sexy sirens. Management was much more rigid this year than last when during Restaurant Week they graciously substituted Veal Parmesan for Chicken Parmesan at no additional cost, and agreed to substitute Alfredo Sauce for Marinara Sauce to cover a pounded veal cutlet. Even though I offered to pay an extra charge if required, the waitress apologetically reported that the manager said that absolutely no substitutions would be allowed on Restaurant Week menu selections, including changing a sauce. But the requested substitution of one sauce for another was permitted at no extra charge when my wife ordered the Veal Parmesan from the regular, higher priced menu. This technicality struck me as rather petty--especially since the requested accommodations were made during Restaurant Week 2010. But at least requested Lemon Aioli was provided gratis to go with the Calamari, and service all night was otherwise excellent. Complimentary buttery and crunchy baked Garlic Bread served with a very mellow Marinara Sauce was an excellent beginning. And, the blond rings of Calamari were all soft, tender, and delicious, whether with just a few added drops of lemon, dipped in the Marinara Sauce, or dunked in the smooth Lemon Aioli. A Chopped "Louie" Salad served as a first course was probably miscast. This lovely dish was an entree in itself. Featuring many pieces of cold shrimp and large hunks of chilled lobster, along with Cherry Tomatoes, zucchini, red pimento, black olives, celery, and pepperoncini all tossed in a light House Vinaigrette Dressing, it was a great salad. The salad was presented with an 18-inch cheese stick on top that extended well beyond both sides of the plate. This cheesy bread product was praiseworthy in its own right. Brick Oven Salmon Oreganato, prepared with seasoned breadcrumbs, lemon, white wine, sun-dried tomatoes, and garlic butter, was moist and flavorful. And, it rested atop moist but slightly crunchy julienned vegetables that included zucchini. This was one of the few restaurants I have been where diners are asked whether they would like their fish to be prepared "medium" or some other degree of doneness. I stuck to medium, and was happy with the result. Pounded veal covered generously with Mozzarella Cheese and Alfredo Sauce was also tender and light but a bit too salty. A fellow diner pronounced his Filet Mignon and the Bearnaise Sauce that accompanied it "good." The visibly pink inside of the meat was clearly cooked medium rare as ordered. And, glistening Rosemary Potatoes served in a skillet were moist, buttery, and fork tender. They were an excellent choice for a side. Two premium desserts shared the stage to complete a memorable repast: Tiramisu and Strawberry Cheese Cake. The Tiramisu was moist and creamy, and obviously made with Mascarpone, chocolate, some alcoholic beverage, and some coffee flavoring. They were respectively Marsala Wine and Espresso. The Strawberry Cheese Cake was delicious but surprisingly light.  Its crust was crumbly and tasty. Both desserts were pretty looking, as well. The bi-level Tiramisu reminded me of a log cabin with its six edible Lady Finger logs glued together with Mascarpone. And, the Strawberry Cheese Cake featured white upper and lower layers of fresh Ricotta Cheese, and a pink middle layer of Strawberry Cream. Its top was adorned with bright red Strawberry Sauce and three strawberry slices, and resting beside this delectable dessert was a high mound of Whipped Cream and more oozing Strawberry Sauce. It was a great meal, but I dread getting on the scale in the morning!
5	Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks...Gotta have the supersized meatball appetizer!  Pizza is awesome too, but once you eat the incredible garlic bread, it's hard to swallow anymore bread so stick to the garlic bread...it's free!
3	No one can dispute the restaurant's beauty; LAVO (the restaurant) is beatific in all aspects: an all-around dark setting, grandiose dimly-lit chandeliers, fresh floral arrangements perched everywhere, stone wall-fountains with water softly trickling down them, and Cabernet music humming throughout the restaurant...the list is endless. And of course, the food was savory, and the waiters were too. After eating at the restaurant, we moseyed upstairs to the club.AS FOR THE CLUB: it's not "kind of small", it's hella small! For sure it's small, what the hell. Some would call it "intimate", and I would disagree. The crowd was rough, people were pushing, and it was impossible to dance, which sucked, because the DJ was actually spinning great music...and I wanted to dance! In my opinion, they should've stopped admitting people into the club, it was just too sweaty, rowdy, and gross.However, I won't completely shortchange LAVO, it has an open bar till 11PM, and still honored it 10-15 minutes passed the hour. And its interior design/decor is nice, I vaguely remember fountains, seashell mosaic artwork, and lots of cream and cerulean blue colors. I also won't overlook that we met some nice fellas that bought us two rounds of drinks, either. Needless to say, we left after only being there 35 minutes because my friend was about to get in a fight with a guy, my friend's a girl. We're classy ladies, what can I say.
4	Lavo is our default club in vegas. Which is a positive. For all the multiple times that we've gone out in vegas, somehow LAVO is where we end up at. Line is relatively short and on some nights they have open bar for ladies 11-12. It's much more intimate than TAO yet with somewhat of the same dance floor perimeter as TAO's main room. Love the fact that there is a lounge downstairs to rehydrate and rest your feet.its a nice escape from all the house music you hear at the bigger clubs. thumbs up.
4	This review is for the restaurant only. I got the chef's special (seafood pasta) which was pretty good and my bf got the roasted Chilean sea bass---which IS TO DIE FOR!  Although my dish was pretty good, his dish was so good that it really overshadowed everything else and I found myself reaching over to help myself more often than not lol.  The sea bass was so savory and tender; it literally melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend getting this plate when you're there.  The cool thing about eating here is you get to cut the line and get in their night club for FREE!  (Just tell your server that you want to go to the nightclub and he'll do the rest.)
5	This is just for the Restaurant.This was for our "special dinner" before going to see Phantom. Normally this is a little too "upscale" for us, but I really wanted a nice dinner. It was SO worth it. And we didn't feel out of place at all.Amazing. That is one word to sum it up. We requested to be seated outside, and we were promptly taken out. Amazing table with view of the Siren Show at TI. BONUS! Plus just the vibe of sitting above the strip has such good energy!The bread that comes out is great, the marinara sauce is a bit plain, but by all means is not bad. We shared a Caesar salad, and my goodness it was HUGE. It was a great salad. The dressing was so good. Quite enjoyable! Our server was excellent. Fast and not pushy at all. I ordered the Margarita  Pizza and my husband ordered the Chicken Parm. My pizza was exceptional. Flat bread, cheesy. Delish! His chicken plate was HUGE. It was very yummy. Tiramisu was great. Some of the best I've had. It tasted so fresh. I would definitely eat here again!! Well done Lavo!
5	Restaurant review only. Excellent 5 star restaurant!First class all the way!Tip - Try the fried oreo's! YUM!!!!
5	I only know about the restaurant, and frankly it's all I need to know. I ate off of a special restaurant week menu, which thankfully had everything I wanted to try on it. But before I get into my ordered food, I have to discuss the garlic bread. If I told you there was crack in here you'd understand and still eat it. This is the best garlic bread in the world. For an app I got the calamari, which was excellent. Entree I had a chicken parm that was only 10% smaller than my plate. I was shocked when it didn't come with a side of spaghetti, but honestly it would've gone to waste. This was the emperor of chicken parm.And lastly but honestly you should probably eat this first because it's so good is the Oreo zeppole. Dip it in the shake, eat it whole, take small bites, do whatever you need to eat this little piece of heaven.Whenever I'm in town again I'm guaranteeing another trip.
3	I ate at the restaurant and partied at the club. Here's the scoop on both solidly 3-star establishments. Dinner: meh. Bring a sweater. The restaurant is pretty enough aesthetically, but FREEZING! We were dressed to impress for the club later, and literally all had hypothermia before the second course. We had to go sit outside for an hour before bracing ourselves to re-enter for the club. And the food was just so-so. The portion sizes were really all over the place. Some girls in our group ended up with 5 pounds of pasta in heavy meat sauce that could have fed all ten of us. I ordered the handmade ravioli special and received 6 dainty little sachets of ravioli in a dribble of sauce that left me wondering if there was a Jimmy John's nearby. Sure, the entrees themselves were alright. But they need to work on the portion size. The lobster bisque was impressive, the calamari was good. Our server was attentive. Our check came out to about $75 per person, pretty typical for a nicer Vegas dinner spot. All that said, I probably won't be back. Too many other options without portion and climate control issues and with lower prices. Club: some good parts, some bad. I was in a group of 10 girls for a bachelorette party. A promoter got us in without a line or cover and gave us a roped off table along the dance floor with a sweet platform to dance on behind it, as well as hidden cubbies for purses. AND we drank for free until 1:30am. Of all the various deals and line jumping and free booze the promoters threw at us that weekend, this was the best treatment anywhere. We were VIPs and didn't pay a cent all night except tipping the bartender and waitress. 5 stars for how we were treated. Sadly, this is a 3-star club. The clientele was not the typical "beautiful people" group you see at nice Vegas clubs. Cramming all these folks into a tiny space didn't help, because I was smushed and stepped on quite a bit so perhaps I had less patience with my fellow club patrons. However, out of all ten of us, not a SINGLE GIRL talked to or danced with a SINGLE GUY the entire time we were there. There was literally no one worth leaving our little roped off area for. Once the free drinks ended, we peaced out. Too many people in too small a space, mediocre music, and sub-par clientele. Too many other clubs that do it better. No thanks.
3	If I was back home in Seattle, I would consider it a good club, but for Vegas one deserves better.  Cramped and dark.  When I stopped by on a Sunday night, the music was mainly techno.
2	For the club....Cons:Small venue.  Sucky beats.  Crowded.  Sweaty, shmelly bodies packed in like sardines.  Grabbed by too many icky guys here. This was around 11:30pm on a saturday.  Maybe it's better earlier on a different night?Pros:  None really other then we got in for free with only a 15 minute wait.I heard that if you dine here you automatically get into the club with no cover or  wait.  I think I would still pass though.
5	So this was the second ever club I've been to in Vegas.  We went on a Sunday night and I wasn't expecting it to be crackin', but surprisingly it was!.  The crowd was a little older (late 20's early 30's) but that was still cool.  I met about 30 women from Canada that night.  I assume they all came together? haha  The music was pretty good, and the crowd was also pretty good overall.  the club isn't very big but it was decorated very nicely.  Also, with the help of some people everyone in my group was able to get in for free with a little tip.  In the end, all my friends and I had a great time there and I would definitely go there again!
2	So disappointing!  The food was average - I've had much better Italian in little ol' Columbus Ohio.  Highlights: the garlic bread and the service.  We were about to order WAY too much food and our server stopped us in our tracks.  He saved us a ton of money and waste - it was greatly appreciated.Lowlights: the famous meat ball - good but not fabulous and the salmon was fishy.  With all the great restaurants in Vegas this is not worth it.
4	*Dinner and Club All in one Review*Its a celebration bitchez!Dinner reservations here for a dirty 30 surprise.  Group of about 12 and the service was superb.  Lavo was great at helping setup the special event complete with a specially ordered cake that they took delivery of and had ready for us at dinner.  That's going the extra mile.  They really catered nicely and made the night memorable.  The staff took pictures, suggested food, kept the drinks flowing, had some friendly conversations, and it  was all truly authentic and sincere.As for the food it was hit and miss on a few items.Bread - very good garlicky and toastedCalamari - just your average calamari nothing special about itKobe meatballs - all though I feel a meatball is a waste of kobe beef, this was flavorful and a filling appetizer.Rigatoni Sausage Bolognese - Pasta was a bit undercooked and sauce wasn't anything special With the dinner we got free entry to the night club and got to skip the line.  The club itself is really small compared to other places like XS and Marquee.  Its more like a bar with a small dance floor.  We got in when it was pretty empty then they let the general line in and the place filled up wall to wall in the blink of an eye.  We decided to leave after that since it was pretty uncomfortable with no room to relax.  They do play mainstream hip hop though which is hard to find in Vegas these days.As far as a foodie destination or hot club, individually LAVO doesnt really deliver.  However if your planning a special dinner and drinks event than its a pretty nice all in one package and the staff will work to make it a memorable night.
3	Small-ish club, cramped, music was just alright. Seemed like there were a lot more guys than girls to me. Drinks were not watered down and free for me with the little drink band so I'm not complaining. I was with a lot of girls for my cousin's bachelorette party so we didn't wait in line or pay. The only strange part to me was how many flights of stairs you go up to get in there and then at the top a bathtub on the side of the stairway with girls in bikini's bathing each other umm that's the strangest "decor" I've ever seen but it didn't bother me but it may bother others. Let's face it, dress hot enough and you can do whatever you want in Vegas :) Next time I go I'm going to try the restaurant, walking past the diners inside to get to the club the food looked very tasty.
4	5 stars for the restaurant and 3 stars for the night clubBe ready to eat, because they feed you lots and it is super tasty!Restaurant must haves:- garlic bread - the waiter had told us it was pretty amazing.  I was thinking "really, it's just garlic bread"...all I can say is "It's pretty amazing"- meatball as an appetizer (one meatball satisfies 4 people as an appetizer)- Rigatoni Bolognese - Delicious!!  I have been looking for a great bolognese ever since the one time that I ordered something else and my friend ordered the bolognese.  We were supossed to be sharing plates, but once he started eating...he got greedy and only shared one bite...I was so jealous of his food while I ate my so-so food (that he had suggested).  Night Club:The bouncers working the night club was snooty, acting like the club was some super special high class club.  It's like all clubs in Vegas - pretty people, music, dancing and expensive drinks.  Nothing special!
1	So I had to think long and hard before giving a review to LAVO.  I booked VIP service through Nite Tours (they're great, btw... so please give them business if looking for VIP service in Vegas).  The club plays good music but it is absolutely crowded.  There is no room to socialize, no room to hang out (unless you drop a g on table and bottle service) and if you want to dance... forget it... the dance floor is packed and you are constantly being pushed around. I also paid $14 for a watered down rum and diet... which would've been ok had it been a good place to hang out.... but with the squalid conditions it offers, I'll go elsewhere.
5	Yum, yum, yum! When I am in Vegas there are a few things I look for in a restaurant. First and foremost I want the food to be fabulous, check! I want the atmosphere to be alive. I didn't come to Vegas to order room service or go to some quiet empty place. And I want good service. Lavo passed all my 'Vegas requirements' with flying colors. When you arrive you are brought warm garlic bread and marinara sauce. It's the perfect start to the meal and it's hard not to eat all of it.  For starters we shared what seemed to me to be the worlds largest meatball. It was fantastic - moist, and flavorful. Also covered in that tart and sweet marinara sauce.  We also had the beet salad. A healthy choice still packed with tastiness. For entrees we had the chicken, the pasta and a steak. Everything was delicious!
5	I got invited by one of my besties to check out Lavo this past week and I am utterly in love with the restaurant, if a bit underwhelmed by the nightclub.It was a Tuesday night and the entire place from the lounge, to the restaurant to the nightclub was packed.  We had martinis to start out and their absolutely delicious garlic bread with marinara was sent out.  Wisely we each only had a piece to save room for the food the chef was sending out to us.    We didn't actually order off the menu since we were just sent out a few small plates to taste.  Our waiter brought us a margeherita flat bread pizza, spicy egg plant and buffalo mozzarella pasta and garlic mashed potatoes.  All were melt in your mouth yummy, I couldn't stop eating the pasta (to the misfortune of my little cocktail dress) it had the tangy tomato fondue taste with buffalo mozzarella and then this divine after bite of spicy eggplant.  We also had dessert, one of Lavo's specialties, deep friend oreos. Now this is not your typical carnival food.  This was a beignet wrapped around an oreo with a side of cookies and cream ice cream for dipping.  Heaven.The restaurant had a live DJ and it was on the energetic side but the music was at the right volume to easily carry on a conversation.  Also, Neil, are server was great!  Very attentive, knowledgeable and funny.We went up to the nightclub after and ehhh...I've been to alot better, most of Vegas in fact.  The vibe was alot of fun, they had a good DJ spinning house music but the club is too small and far too crowded for me.  I like to actually be able to dance more.
3	Every time I've come here, it was for the FREE open bar for the ladies. If you're with guys, there goes drinks for them. & if you're with girls, well...it's time to down as many drinks as you can, haha! There's only one bar with maybe 4 bartenders, so have a gameplan if you're trying to get drink after drink (ie. Just stay near the bar). I really enjoy the music at LAVO. Pretty small place, so it gets super crowded quick. I'd definitely recommend coming here for the FREE open bar for ladies, but probably wouldn't spend your whole night here (unless you came with guys who had to pay to get in..that'd be just rude if you asked me).
5	I heart this place!!!!It's an AMAZING place to go have dinner and then go straight to the club upstairs afterwards.  The club is super fun too!  I would suggest making a 9 pm dinner reservation & by the time your done the club is jumping-walla super easy!  I was impressed with the club's music and how nice it was!  The restaurant bar is good too for a pre-dinner drink they have a little lounge area where you can sit and relax as well it's complete with a separate DJ too!The LAVO staffers are extremely friendly, very attentive and knowledgeable about the food!  The bouncers upstairs at the club went above and beyond. One showed me which way the restroom was, with his little flashlight, and almost basically walked me to the door.Now the food-very tasty, in fact I have more visitors in this weekend & I had so much fun last weekend I'll probably take them there again.  We started with the beef carpaccio and arugula salad...they server garlic bread with tasty tomato sauce that I wanted to eat with my fork!  Was delicious!  We got the Kobe meatball and spaghetti dinner and I'd totally order that again.This place is a go in my opinion.
2	Review of Restaurant OnlySurprisingly walked in with no reservation at around 10ish for dinner. Great decor, good food, but I had higher hopes for the actual atmosphere of the place. Prices are up there, $28 dollar ravioli gets you 6 ravioli that are maybe an inch and a half in diameter. So if you're really hungry you might want to order an appetizer.The food came out within 5 minutes before the bread made it out and we wound up getting our garlic bread with sauce to dip in when we were almost through with the meal. I could probably have eaten the whole plate of garlic bread myself. So good.Tiramisu is a a large enough portion for 2 to easily share.Things I didn't like...The square tables are awkward to sit at. the foot of the table blocks the space where your feet would normal be so if you decide to wear a dress like I did you wind up with your knees together and one foot on each side of the bottom of the table.Paper on the tablecloths are kind of annoying when you're paying almost $30 a plate.The majority of people there seemed like groups of girls and the (pretty loudly) music made me feel like I was at a bachelorette or girl's 21st birthday. Girl's Just Wanna Have fun and the like played for most of the time I was there until they just gave up and played a Michael Jackson's greatest hits CD. Tables with groups of tipsy ladies squealed and stood up mid dinner to sing and dance at their tables accordingly.Probably wouldn't come back unless I was with a group that was dying to come here, especially since there's a Lavo in NYC now and its not somewhere I can only go on vacation.
1	its was a thursday night and one of my Co managers at our Rest. had a table there for his GF birthday. After we closed the bar I took one of my bartender with me to go check it out becasue I never been there before. When we got there the doormen were very rude( like all wanna be fat, tuff UFC clowns) I told them my friend had a table there after they ate dinner and they are still here and were on the list to going them. I also give him my card and told him i was a GM of a place in PH if they every needed anything trying to be nice. Still dick heads and wont let us in to see if my boy was there because my phone was dead. The manager came over and same thing just a dickhead. They didnt even care to let us check when we were on the list for the table. wowow we went to TAO and walked right in because the Managers there were cool.
4	It's one of the smaller upscale nightclubs, but by far it has the best music. Some places are getting a little carried away with these mashups, so it's nice when a deejay actually knows his music. It was a great mix of new, old, and greatest hits. The dance floor is a little small, but there are plenty of tables for larger groups. Go early, unless you've got a table or you're a jet-setting VIP.
3	This review is for the new Saturday Champagne Brunch launch party. Glow sticks, sunglasses, whistles, beautiful people and really loud music. It was the place to be and be seen Saturday. Me? I came for the food. Completely unimpressed. Lemon-Ricotta Waffles- They had a very sour taste that could have come from the cheese/yogurt or the lemons. It certainly was off and everyone at the table agreed. Pancakes with a Fruit Compote- The consistency of the flapjack was light, fluffy, yet tasteless. The fruit was dull and lacked sweetness. Brick oven Margherita Pizza- This was the saving grace. 2 feet long and packed with warmth from the herbs and lightly sauced and cheesed. We devoured it. Crispy Garlic Fries- It was the perfect fry. The only item besides the pizza we enjoyed. It's too loud to eat let alone have a conversation. The energy and crowd was that of a Vegas nightclub at 2am. Girls in short dresses dancing on tables and guys in sunglasses and chucks standing against the walls. FYI- ladies watch your purse. In fact, bring a clutch. While I was taking a picture we had two bottles of Voss and sunglasses taken from our table. Ugh. It's for the young party rockers! That's what they are going for and it works. DJ Vice let us have it with his sick beats! I'm not gonna lie. I spent half the time dancing and all of the time spinning out on Sugar Free Red Bulls and Belvedere. A good time was had, but will I be back for the brunch party? HELL NO. This just isn't my scene.
1	This is a review of the Lavo Night Club ONLY.We arrived at the door with passes for Lavo with our group of 17. We spoke with the door man and he told us that he could not accommodate 17 people, unless we purchased bottle service ($1500 minimum)....as they were letting about 20 people into the club who were not together. We asked if we broke our group up into smaller groups could we get in and and the bouncer said "No you already said 17, so you have to get bottle service or we cannot let you in" WTF!? Trying to force bottle service is tacky at best. What a joke. So we got out of line and wondered over to V Bar, where they were more than happy to accommodate our group without bottle service. Later I was told that Lavo was run by the same people who ran Tao Nightclub and it all made sense..... both places radiate douche bag ambiance. I expected more...
4	Another restaurant/nightclub owned by the Tao Group and they know how to set things up. The Restaurant - Italian inspired/themed and for the price, a very good Italian restaurant. We have done a few group dinners and birthdays here and the food does not disappoint. The kobe meatballs are awesome and the various pasta dishes are all very good. Everyone in our group is usually very happy with what they ordered. Definitely a restaurant to check out if you are looking for a hip/trendy place, although it can get loud due to the crowd, lounge inside, and music.The Nighclub - It's a lot smaller than most of the other mega clubs as it upstairs from the restaurant. Only one smaller dance floor and two elevated areas that houses the tables and main bar. I usually get bottle service here and it is definitely far less expensive than some of the other mega clubs in Las Vegas. It has its own unique smaller club vibe, but can be hit or miss in terms of the quality of the crowd. They do have good nights on Sunday and Tuesday (industry night) and the Friday/Saturday night is packed, but definitely not to the scale of the other mega clubs in Vegas.
5	Wasn't expecting a great experience at Lavo...but was shockingly surprisedFirst Lavo is the Italian sister to the now famous Tao.  It is decorated in a French 1920s bisto type of very elegant way.First the service was top notch as is the drink menu.  The menu is varied with pizza, steaks, pasta and main dishes.  Their signature app is their kobe meatball.  I dont eat meat, but when in Rome....The meat was fantatstic as was the richness of the sauceFor the main, I had the pasta, which was fresh with a very good red sauce.  Italian restaurants should have a good red sauce.  My colleagues had assorted pork, sea bass and steak dishes and enjoyed them thoroughly(then again I was buying)For dessert, I was urged to order the Oreo(waitress was awesome, forgot her name, but she just turned 30)  The oreo is underneath a beinet, a french donut...I went to school in New Orleans, where these little hunks of fried wonder originate...great choice, great meal
3	Want a easy way to get into a club without waiting in line and paying cover? Hit up LAVO for dinner and get a stamp to enter the club for free. My friends and I opted for this route because our guy/girl ratio was not good. The restaurant is pricey, but their food portions are quite large and I thought the food was pretty good. The guys all got the prix fixe meal and there was too much food for everyone even though all the girls only got entrees. I had the sea bass and it was just the right amount of fish (I also had some of the calamari app, the kobe meatball, and tiramisu dessert). The Kardashian clan was there too and it wasn't all hectic with fans so we weren't bothered. The club was alright, the music wasn't the greatest because I just don't care for house (and the dj kept yelling stuff like "I can't hear you St. Tropez or Barcelona"... it was really weird and random and he would turn OFF the music to yell stuff)... but when you don't pay cover and you want to get guys in a Vegas club, it was perfect. The club wasn't crazy crowded which I liked since I could dance on the dance floor (as opposed to a mosh pit), actually get drinks at the bar and use the restroom without a line. I would consider going here again
3	This place is a solid 3.5 stars.The club is definitely 4 stars. Great music/dancing, lots of energy, good looking people, and top notch celebrities (like kim kardashian!!!!). Tip..if the little area by the smaller bar/elevators is free, take over it as your own little VIP area and skip the bottle service.The restaurant is a solid 3 stars. The food is pretty average italian food, but with a meal you get free entry into the club and get to skip the line. The service was good, but our waiter just seemed to brag about all of the celebrities that he's met and how much those celebrities like to spend on drinks. It was kind of cool to hear that kim kardashian and the kid from jerry maguire were there that night, but hearing him go on and on...kind of got old..fast..
5	LA LA LOVE LAVO!!! Went here for the club!Stayed in the Palazzo so got into this place for free! It was pretty bumpin on this Saturday night. Bouncers were friendly and the club has a sexy feel to it. A LOT smaller than TAO. I mean TAO is like 39843983983 bigger than LAVO. But it's QUALITY, not QUANTITY! I tell ya... Vegas makes THE BEST washington apples! The bartender made it perfect!!! My drink was $12 I think... not bad... we're in VEGAS people! The music was bumpin and the dance floor was PACKED!!! The bathrooms are clean and there's just enough air conditioning. 5 stars for me!!!
5	Review is for the restaurant only.Overall great!  The Kobe beef meatball appetizer is amazing, must try! Good to share for probably up to 4 people.  We also tried the lobster appetizer and it was good.   The garlic bread and marinara sauce was also good.  For dinner we shared veil parmesan and spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs (yeah, we loved the Kobe beef meatball soo much we had to get some more).  Both dishes were great, tasty and cooked to perfection.  Tried 3 deserts, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake and raspberry cheesecake (we took the strawberry shortcake and the raspberry cheese cake home for the kids).    Loved the tiramisu and the kids loved their deserts as well.
5	Went to dinner here a few weeks ago as part of a large group.Overall experience left us all happy-- Waiter was friendly and engaging.Tuna Tartare and Beef Carpaccio were fresh and good-  the later was a first for a few in the group and they both were pleasantly surprised.I had the roasted Chilean Sea Bass-- which was perfect.I shared the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with a friend, and we both agreed that is had a strange flavor-- seasoning- although I can't pinpoint what it was, wasn't a fit for the broccoli.We all decided to go for desert since the dinner had been decadent- why not top it off? rightI don't remember what it was called- but I do know what it consisted of-- battered and fried oreo cookies and vanilla ice cream.It was one of those things that although you know you shouldn't be eating it-- it was worth every bite.
3	I went to dinner here on a Friday night around 8pm. They offered us inside or out, and we ended up on the patio with a decent view of the strip and great view of the pirate show at T.I. We started off by talking to the server about the menu and ordering a bottle of wine. It was evident they were really pushing the kobe meatballs, (from our discussion with the server as well as listening to servers talking to tables around us). The meatballs were good but not the incredible meatballs we were expecting. It was more of a large ball of meatloaf. For dinner we had calamari, a pizza and the chicken parm., all was OK but the chicken was very sub par with a rubbery texture almost. The service was good for the most part but missing the little touches that make you want to pay 30+ an entree, especially with so many choices in Vegas. I was nervous going in because of the fact that is doubles as a nightclub and owned by the same group as Tao. The meal was all in all OK, but would next time visit a different place. The most annoying part of it all, we asked to speak to the manager about coming back to check out the nightclub. They said no problem show the host your receipt and they will stamp you for re entry. After our show around midnight we showed up and offered the (bouncer ??) our wrist with the stamps, two of them looked at each other and laughed as if this was a common practice. We ended up going in anyway and the club had a good feel and nice layout, just a little empty.
4	Went here for an industry party...it was great!Our drinks were superb, appetizers were yummy!!Ambiance was amazing...as to be expected in a Vegas Nightclub...we had our own private floor, which was nice to be able to mingle and talk to everyone.  Sadly, didn't stay long because of our dinner reservations, but great place.
3	it's a party!....in your living room...LAVO is tiny for my expectations of a Vegas club.  Pro: you can easily scan the floor for cuties or possible one-nighters. Con: you can EASILY scan the whole dance floor.  There was an open bar for the ladies, so that includes double-fisting and an assembly line of passing drinks to the fellas.  Overall, i had fun since there was a good dj and good company.Future reminder: i was just told the fried oreos here are the bee's knees so i shall be visiting again.
1	The Menu is very deceiving. If you get a house special don't expect to get pasta with it like you would at a normal Italian restaurant. Which is what happened to me when I ordered my chicken Milanese and my friend who ordered a shrimp scampi. So I guess you can only get "pasta" in the pasta section. The spaghetti carbonara was extremely oily and too salty. The Service was TERRIBLE and it wasn't even a busy night. We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and it was pretty steady not overly crowded so I really don't understand the delay that we had with our meals.The appetizers arrived in a very timely matter, but after that it took about 45 minutes for the entrees to get to our table. The waiter never checked on our table to see if we liked our food until the very end when he knew we were upset. My friend ordered a baked potato as a side dish that didn't even arrive till the very end of the meal and they didn't even notice that we were missing one. Once we mentioned that we were waiting for our side it still took them almost 25 minutes to even bring it out to us, on top of that the baked potato was COLD! By then we were already done with the meal and asked if the potato could be taken off the bill. The only think I can say was good is that I never ran out of water because the bus boy was the only tentative one. I will not be returning.
2	Went for Halloween and was on guest list.  Wait was long!! We waited for over and hour and decided to leave.  We have been there before and there wasnt a wait but place isnt that big.  May try to go back next time if someone wants to go but not for Halloween.
3	Date/Time:  Thursday - 9:30pmOccasion:   Dinner before madnessParty of:  FiveOrdered:  beef carpaccio, tuna tartare, bleu cheese wedge salad, crispy fried calamari, crispy french fries, penne alla vodka pasta, maine lobster, strawberry short-cake dessert, and deep fried oreos.Total incl gratuity: $?Before starting the madness on industry night, we stopped by LAVO for a fairly light dinner.  We ordered an array of different appetizers, entrees, and desserts.   The wait was lengthy and unfortunately, the food and service were only mediocre. Considering the prices - averaging $20/appetizer and $30-$40/entrees, I think the food could have been a lot better.  I was more impressed with the appetizers than the actual entrees.  The beef carpaccio had nice flavor and was served with parmesan crisps, which was a nice touch.  The tuna tartare is worth ordering.  Fresh tuna with just the right pinch of citrus.  The pasta and lobster were both sub-par; they were both lacking in flavor.  Nothing that was worth paying premium prices for.If you're big on desserts, try the deep-fried oreos. It sounds ridiculously fattening, and I'm sure they, however they are heavenly.  Little warm oreos deep fried in batter and served with vanilla ice cream.  Do I really need to say more?Overall, LAVO is convenient and a great comfortable setting for getting together with friends, although don't come here expecting a magical culinary experience.
4	Things I loved about this place....DecorTuna Tartare and Crispy Fried Calamari appetizersSpaghetti with Kobe Meatball dinnerBanana Bread Brittle dessertHelpful/Witty StaffThe flowing WINEThings I did not love about this place...Nothing
3	Although I like how they decorated the place, it is way too small.  I had positive experiences in the past for bachelorette parties where the place wasn't jammed pack. My most recent experience (Halloween weekend) left me disappointed.  The line was ridiculously long but my friends and I were able to get in fast.  Once we got in, we could barely move inside.  The dance floor upstairs was overcrowded, as well as the bar area.  It got old very fast when security would yell at me "YOU CAN'T STAND THERE," when it was clearly obvious that there wasn't room for standing space.We left at 12:30 and the line was still ridiculously long.  Avoid this place on Halloween weekend if you can!
5	I'm a local, I tell people to go here.  I love the downstairs motif!  I also love the fact that you can bop around the Palazzo, drink & gamble, then go to dinner and the club all in the same place.  Eating here is like the start of your night, puts you in the right mood.staff is super nice too! always nice bouncers here, will escort you to the ladies as you push yourself through the hoards of people.
1	If you are a local, BE WARNED:  LAVO is la lovely dining environment operated by "hustlers" for bar tenders and wait staff.  Nothing sophisticated or welcoming about the place.  Before you even situate yourself at the empty bar (5pm), the bar tenders yell "i'll need an id and credit card".  An ID and credit card in order to place an order for an appetizer at the empty bar because we were told to WAIT A WHILE for someone to come and seat us in the EMPTY dining room! ?!    No such thing as a "good evening" or "welcome" - to any patron that followed us.  Trying to get the wait staff to ask the kitchen for fettucci instead of spaghetti for our carbonara dish was nearly impossible.  When ordering iced tea with our dinner (which actually turned out to be tasteless filthy-looking water), the wait staff  told us "oh, and we charge $4 for refills of the iced tea".  No one cared to ask if our food was prepared to our liking, no interaction what so ever.  The food was average and the dining area is cramped for space.  We will not be returning to Lavo.  We prefer the personality, value, quality and consistency of food that WYNN AND ENCORE restaurants have to offer.  Upon leaving we asked the hostess for a comment card whereby she replied "we don't use comment cards".  That pretty much put the nail in the coffin for them.  Yelp was the next best thing.
4	We danced awhile on a packed dance floor to the latest in hip hop and electronica but I did notice the restaurant area was strangely empty nevertheless my bacardi and coke was strong. Since my wife and I wanted to experience the Las Vegas club life this seemed like the perfect place oh we had free passes there was a phalanx of security at the front door and none of those absurd rules like having the right shoes or color of your clothing to get you in the club. We were impressed with the sound and lighting system that pulsated to the music. Overall the people working here were friendly and helpful especially our bartender who had the patience of a saint.
4	Had a great night last tuesday.Free admit and open bar with a can of food, thanksgiving food drive.Short (5 min) wait in line.  Door and Security people were really nice.Gabriel and Dresden spinning some of the best remixes in the house music genre and a bunch of original songs.Only downside, I think less than a third of the crowd had actually heard of them, typical las vegas. Flipside to that was it was not that crowded, you could walk right up to the DJs.Complementary glowsticks got a little annoying by the end of the night.
4	Great lounge experience. Door staff and cocktail waitresses were really nice. We got VIP seating and two bottles for the price of one. Fun place with good music and nice vibe. Definitely recommend getting bottles and a table if you wanna have a home base to sit and rest your feet after lots of dancing!
4	Here for the marathon and wanted to have some good Italian food to carb up so to speak.  Three couples who love good food, good wine and good times.This is a hip, fun, loud... see and be seen kind of place that happens to have fabulous food!  The service is impeccable and the vibe is exciting.What you get: - Awesome food and you will not leave hungry - Wicked good garlic bread prior to dinner (don't fill up on this!) - expensive food and drinks - Great menu but not overwhelming - Great wine selections - Superb wait service (orchestrated, efficient but personable) - entertainment from the crowdsWhat you won't get: - Quiet romantic evening - Thrown out if you show up in jeans although, you will be under dressed- Its Las Vegas after all I had the seafood Alfredo - OMG delicious; I taste others' dishes like...Chilean Sea bass (perfect!); Spaghetti and meatballs made with Kobi beef (a little too salty for my taste and others agreed); steak (perfect); all appetizers were simply wonderful.  Had no room for dessert.  The wines were incredibly good and ranged from high $50s on up....  could get a good bottle at in the $50s.
3	I had no idea this place was also an italian restaurant aside from the nightclub. I think next time I'm gonna try the food here =PBut anyway, came here on my last night in Vega$$$ (sunday) with 4 others and had a good time. My friend's friend was celebrating her birthday and apparently got a table so that's why we decided to hit up LAVO or else I would have had no plans and just chilled for the last night since I went clubbing both Friday & Saturday nights and my feet were sooo beat up from being stepped out, my new heels breaking in..etc. =TBut nonetheless, had a good time with good company. Pregamed with captain morgan (ugh) but it did its job and got me prettty buzzed by the time I got in the club. ^_^ Luckily, my friend was a promoter so got us in pretty quick. The lines weren't that long yet 'cause we arrived around 10. The club has a nice interior, much smaller, and it was poppin'. Drink prices are the usual. Forgot what I ordered for my homeboys, pineapple and vodka/rum? I forgot.. and they don't even remember. LOLThe reason why I'm giving it 3 stars though... is the crowd. Mehhh. Got to the dance flo and wasn't that pleased even when I was buzzed! But it's all good, still had a good time!! Danced with my girlfriend all night long :o) Got so tired around 1 and left 'cause we were getting hungry.. so we missed DJ Vice's birthday celebration.  P.S. I loveeed walking through Venetian. Sooo purttty =)
3	Tuesday night up in da club, no dinnermedium line. $15 cover since we had no discount card. crowded and lots of bottle necks. shoulder to shoulder. CRAPPY sound systemand im a bit too old to enjoy foam being pumped out onto the crowd during the build ups and drops.(they still do that?) spendy drinks $8 buds, but they did give away a lot of free light sticks, but im a liitle too old for that as well
4	Umm, how the heck did I think this place was a "casual lounge"?? I suggested this place since we were looking for somewhere low-key for after dinner drinks, and somehow we ended up in the monstrosity of a night club where some girl actually drunk walked / vomited simultaneously on our table, my friend's jeans and my sister's Manolo Blahniks.So the DJ only plays each song for about 3 seconds and the light up foamies were giving me severe motion sickness (It felt like I was in a moving tunnel!), and if we forget about the whole projectile vomit incident, the night was a ton of fun. I danced all night and nearly forgot I had an unattended baby (AKA Panda) sleeping back at the hotel room. And to think I almost thought I was *too old* to be going to night clubs. But thank goodness the pain from my platforms didn't kick in until AFTER I got out of the cab :)
1	Best part was the music!For a club at the Venetian, my friends and I were highly disappointed in their service. Cocktail waitresses are extremely rude. Must be, because they don't want the attention taken from them. Most likely not going to be at Lavo anytime soon. There are so many other places that provide the same things with BETTER SERVICE!!! door guys were nice and the bartenders were great... Just be careful to not steal the spot light from the cocktail waitresses!
3	I wasn't expecting that much from LAVO when I came here last Sunday night.  I heard things like: "small" and "just a lounge" from my friends who have been here.  But it was a Sunday night and I was with a bunch of dudes in Vegas.  LAVO was a good choice because my friend was able to put our group on a guest list so that non of us had to pay... I would have been free either way but to get guys in for free that is awesome.  We got there around 11:30 so we had to wait in a long line unfortunately.  Buzz kill!  Like literally, my buzz was gone by the time I got inside.  Drinks were free from 11-12 but we got in after midnight so boo.Once inside around 12:15 they were playing some good house music so that made me happy.  But it was packed like a sardine can so your dance movements had to be limited to no movement at all.  My bf's cousin said that it was a "sweat factory" inside.  Pretty accurate.  We were lucky to snag some of those light up foam sticks to dance with.  Even more fun to hit people with.  We had to take a break outside because it was too crowded inside.  Unfortunately when we got back inside it was a hot dog festival and they were only playing hip hop music.  No bueno.  Party is over.To sum it up, LAVO was better than I expected, mainly because I wasn't expecting much.  I still had some fun even though the club's physical capacity for fun was exceeded.  Fire codes must have been broken.  Pretty good party for a Sunday night.
4	came in after some gambling.... got seats at the bar and had a good time with my bf. the bartender is super nice, recommended a few really good drinks one is pear base martini, another is grape martini.. YUM! He also recommended a few places for us to go to as LAVO isn't open on Thursday night for dancing... score!
4	Lavo rocked my world when I came here for BRUNCH. go with a hot group of ladies and have an awesome promoter. you get VIP service- line cut, table, bottle service and food. yea. Can't really get better than that. Gave out glow bands and sun glasses. Hot dancers everywhere. They allowed and promoted you to get on the table to dance which is so much fun. It was 2 pm but whatever, one of the most epic events that I have been to in Vegas. Drank movet champagne the good stuff. ate delicious italian style brunch- including salad, fries, mini pizza, chicken parm, more good stuff. Good music good vibes. !!! Also came here at night because they gave us open bar and a table !! Did it large got hyphy, then bounced next door to XS for the real party.
1	This nightclub is disgusting, trashy & classless. Definitely not a Vegas-worthy establishment.Bouncers....um assholes much? They cut off our girls' open bar wristbands for no apparent reason. Damn I know my girls are smokin hot but don't throw a pout cuz they didn't flirt back with you.The line was indeed small but like any other clubs, they try to make it look poppin by allowing 1-2 persons in per every 30 mins. Not very smart & efficient. Clubs make more money off of alcohol bought inside the club & not on cover. So get everyone in fast & you'll profit from that. Duh.My gal friend is a legit Vegas regular so we got hooked up with VIP (reduced admission for guys & no cover for girls) and line-skip tickets. It was $10 entry for guys with the VIP ticket.The venue & space was dark, ugly, small, and awkward. Like a dirty asshole you don't wanna fuck no matter how desperate you are for some fun & action. That restaurant downstairs TOTALLY destroy the nightclub vibe. Seeing families eating while you're inebriated is not the business !!Open bar = cheap alcohol & limp drinks. I believe there was only one big bar on top of the dancefloor. Speaking of dancefloor, it was tiny, yet there was still room to dance. Hence there were barely anyone in the club for a Sunday night.If a club doesn't play house....I don't consider it a club. I don't mind hip hop either but the DJ was playing rap & underground rap mixed with a little bit of hip hop. Um what? This isn't some ghetto club. Play some Kaskade or Jay-Z please. kthanks.The people...HAH. That's all I have to sayInvest your time and money at XS or Marquee !! Where the party is crackin hayyyyy
4	I have to admit, it's been a while since I've thoroughly enjoyed myself at a Vegas club/lounge. No wait to get in, free drinks, and good music. When I mean good, I mean good as in not 100% house. Props to DJ Morsecode for laying out the variety. It was enough to get me on one of the platforms and tear sh*t up. We probably could have left and hopped over to another place, but we were comfortable with staying here. Smaller venues like this seem to produce more memories for myself and the people I'm with. This is something to consider if you'd like a break from the larger, more crowded clubs.
1	beware of josh blaha.
4	Husband took me here for my birthday dinner. Food was rich but excellent. Great, nice restaurant on the strip with still some what decent prices compared to some of the other fancy spots on the strip. Will definitely be back, had great service from everyone we encountered, and the Oreo Zeppolis (sp?) were to die for!
2	Crappy service, good food. The club was OK - too pretentious for my taste.
4	My group and I stayed across the street at TI and Lavo was the first spot to land right after we got all dolled up. It was about 11:30pm on a Friday and although the back of the house was probably pissed off at having to cook 5 medium rare stakes, prepare a huge seafood sampler and multiple appetizers right before closing, they did grrreat. I had a tasty, cooked-to-perfection medium rare bad boy with grilled asparagus. The chef sent over a COMPLIMENTARY 3-tier holder full of 9 double-patron shots. ;) Can you say pre-party? I think yes. Especially after our 3 or 4 shots of vodka prior and our hotel being within walking distance.  We were all on a great buzz when it came time to head upstairs to the club portion of Lavo. The club was veryyy packed. The music was great for a little two-step but it was just so crowded that you couldn't do much else. The fact that we all left soaking wet because of the bubbles and foam was a little interesting. I guess it helped us not be too hot, but it definitely left things sticky. There is not much area to lounge, but there is a pretty wide-open space by the bar that generally stays pretty open. You'll most likely be able to grab a seat there. Overall... we were looking for a fun place to be and this place gave us just that!
2	Went here a couple times and it was hit or miss. My dining experience was always nice, the food was awesome and the dining area was very classy and romantic. The club on the other hand was off the hoook one time and completely BS the other time :( Might eat here again but will def. not party here!
3	Good Italian food but is an overpriced "Vegas" restaurant...charging you for the ambiance is included in the meal.  The club is pretty cool, but i prefer the restaurant...i do like the overall vibe of the restaurant, and a cool place to eat before a night out on the strip.
2	Me and my girls had a reservation for a comped dinner before we went to the club upstairs. We waited close to an hour before getting seated which was a bit irritating because there were A FEW people that came in after us and got seated before we did. I could understand if we had a large party and it was hard to find a table for us but it was just only 4 girls! The hostess and manager here is very unprofessional and rude!! We showed up 10-15 mins early for our reservation and when the manager seats us down he tells us that we were late for our reservation.....WTF?! On top of that the food isn't that great either, I don't think I'll ever be coming back to eat here. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the club here is pretty decent on a sunday night (only night i would come here)
4	Went here last Wednesday (12/28/11) Got in at Midnight with promoter hookup. I went with my wife and some family. We had a BLAST! Danced until 3:30 am. The dance floor was crowded, like, just move your shoulders up and down crowded. We did that for a couple of songs and just headed to the bar. The entire club was packed and we actually got good service from the bar tenders. We found a little area by the back bar and just danced there and ordered drinks.Dance Floor = Small, but funMUSIC = I liked it! Bunch of great beats for Dancing.DRINKS = A little pricey, but, it is Vegas! My wallet wasn't hurting after a night of drinking.VIEW = Lots of good looking peeps to check out.We had a GREAT time here and would come back again. Others may have been disappointed or upset, but, I don't go out to clubs as much as I used to, and this was just plain fun! You do need to get over the fact that you get pushed and sometimes there is a line for the rest room, but, it's a club and you will find that at any other club, no matter how nice it is.I would definitely suggest finding a VIP promotionto get into this place. We did not wait long in the VIP line. Looking forward to going back!
5	This is a review for the restaurant.Even before I start writing, I'm seriously craving their spaghetti and kobe-beef meatballs and garlic bread.I realize spaghetti and meatballs are kind of a hard dish to screw up (unless you're Denny's), but it is my go-to Italian dish, seeing as I'm lactose intolerant, and dislike vegetables with a passion. I had an excellent experience dining by myself, drinking my glass of cabernet, making eye contact with the hot guy across the restaurant, and enjoying every bite of my food. What's more, I had ridiculous amount of left over food, which I was able to eat as a midnight snack/breakfast thanks to the handy plastic utensils my waitress got for me.I'll definitely go back.
3	Restaurant review:Friends, DW, and I dined here pre-Phantom.  The setting is vibrant.  The wait staff professional.  The food is really quite good, if not a bit over priced.  But you know that going in to any trendy restaurant on the strip.Definitely go for the Kobe Meatballs.  They are fantastic, definitely the best meatball I've ever had.  The calamari is good as well.Our party had 3 pasta dishes and a prime filet.  All were very good.Dessert was the 7 layer chocolate cake.  Anytime the wait staff mentions an item is shareable, believe them!3-Stars cause it is Vegas strip expensive.  The meatballs make me want to give it a 4th star, but no.
5	We arrived with a large group & sat at the private table in the back. The service was fantastic - they were on top of all our individual drink orders & kept checking back frequently (and remembered what we were each drinking). The food was all excellent!  We had so much (family style), it's hard to pick favorites.  I never saw a menu because food was ordered for us, but some of the standouts were: beet salad, giant meatball, cold seafood tiered plate (with prawns, lobster, crab meat, tuna tartar & oysters), sea bass, green beans, chicken parmesan and chocolate rolled cake.  I'm not a fan of the battered & fried oreos or the tiramisu, but other people at our table enjoyed them.  I would definitely come back here & look to try the Lavo in NY. PS - towards the end of our dinner, we noticed it turning into a club - there were A LOT of attractive people hanging around. Must be a hot spot.
4	Who's House?  Run's House!!!! Yes, it's Old School Wednesday's at Lavo with none other than the Reverend Run from RUN DMC!  I am a huge RUN DMC fan, so I just wanted to be int he same room with the legend, the icon, the man.  "MY A-D-D-I-DAS!" You'll hear all the classic old school songs.  This place was packed and everyone is dancing and singing all the words to every song!   Mad fun!   "Tick Top and you don't stop. A Tick Top and you don't stopOooooohhh Ohhh Oh!   I wanna sex you up!" - Color Me Badd
5	The chicken parmesan is the largest and most delicious I have ever had. It can easily feed two people and worth every bite. Pricey but the quality is superb. Will definitely be back.
4	This was night two in Vegas. I was at Tao the night before but left after a short time because I was in a foul mood. I'll start this off by saying that I am not a club person at all so I'm hardly in a position to offer good pointers. However I had a good time here. I was in a substantially better mood and it doesn't hurt that we had our own private area....and bottle service so I guess I'd REALLY be a tool if I had a bad time after that. I like the layout of this place better than Tao. The bar is elevated and slightly away from the dance floor so it makes getting drinks easier, and the bathrooms are much more accessible than Tao. The music was good and it was just a much more enjoyable time. I'm willing to wager that you would like this place if you're a little older (i.e.late 20's-mid 30's) and not quite as pre-occupied with the scene. Didn't seem to be as many douches. The only downside is that there are no hot chicks in bathtubs or in clear boudoir cubicles like there are at Tao. However, if having a good time is more important than being seen, you'll probably like this place.
4	I have been pleasantly surprised by LAVO.  We've hung out in the lounge area and upstairs in the club portion.  Awesome mixed drinks downstairs!   The door men are excellent.  They gave us a little grief getting in trying to charge us, and I pointed to my friend with great boobs wearing a short skirt and I said don't you want her in your club?  He smiled and moved the rope.  ;)
1	This review is for the nightclub only, I have never eaten at Lavo, mainly because I have zero desire to dine in clubs.My criteria for a good club experience is simple- good music, somewhat friendly staff, convenient bar space, and decent layout/ambiance. Lavo has none of this.We rented a table and were there with a group of about 20.  We were smushed upstairs behind the DJ booth and about 4 people could actually sit around said table. This was a Tuesday night  at midnight during CES so it was pretty packed, but if you allow someone to spend $1000+ on a table there should be space for people to move. That place is so tiny- I cant believe it is even considered a club. The music was TERRIBLE. I am not a lover of techno but I can tolerate any decent music with a good beat. It was the same ungst ungst ungst song on repeat.  I was wondering why the music was so god awful when they loudly announced the guest DJ for the night.....Kris Jenner (yes, the Kardashians mom) was spinning for us. WTF?? Why is Lavo paying her 20K to "spin?"  That explained a lot.  After about 20 minutes my friends and I decided our heads would explode if we stayed one minute longer and go to leave. Apparently, one of my friends walked on the "wrong side of the rope" as we were walking out and the bouncer grabber her arm and pulled her away. Then he rudely yelled at her to "get the F out of here".  I was stunned that this man/ogre had not only grabbed her little arm and shoved her but yelled at her. I stomped downstairs and told another man/ogre bouncer what happened and asked to speak to a manager.  He was nice (did not grab my arm and yell at me), but not helpful. I will never come back here. There are so many other fun clubs in Vegas (Marquee, XS, etc) don't waste your time at this one!!
3	For the nightclub-Came here after our group got kicked out of Surrender (it's a long, long story...)No cover for ladies or gents, and free drinks for ladies till midnight. Not a bad deal. Unfortunately, drinks were watered down, even the ones we paid for after midnight. so the BF and I were barely tipsy after about 7 drinks in.The played more hip hop than anything else, which was just ok for me. I don't listen to house music on the regular but I like variety! They also played a lot of old music which wasn't what I expected. What I really didn't like was how small this place was! It was packed and the layout wasn't the best. Staff was ok. Bartenders were pretty good at staying on top of things. The mix of people here wasn't too bad. But for a place that keeps being advertised as associated with TAO I expected a little more.I had fun more because of the people I was with than because of my experience with Lavo. I probably won't come back, except maybe to try the restaurant.
3	So...many...sinks...felt the need to constantly wash my hands...
4	I cannot comment about the restaurant, but the nightclub is happenin! It's small...very small, and got packed quickly after 11 PM. But being small meant it was slightly easier to find the people you were supposed to be with.We had an open bar from 11-12 and the girls all had wristbands to get the free drinks (thanks to our promoter who got us on the guestlist and also got in our girls AND guys free).As for the dancing, the floor got packed...like REALLY packed. But the music was great and we had a lot of fun for an hour or two before hopping over to Tao. :)
1	Awful!  The dish I order was DRIPPING in oil and I didn't order a plate of hot olive oil with a few pieces of pasta!  Ewwwwww! Will not be back!!  The service was terrible and the staff unfriendly.  I expected MUCH better!
1	Was not impressed by my dinner. How does one prepare Marinara Sauce without garlic? No recommendations coming from this dissatisfied party.
3	Food: I actually went to eat here once with my girlfriends for a comped dinner 5+ girls. Not sure if they do this anymore but It consisted of a 5 course meal with drinks in between to add to the dishes. Didn't taste just Italian but Mediterranean to me. It was delicious and after dinner and the drinks from dinner I was already buzzed. Club: Small and very crowded unless you have a table, because its so small the range of people who come here are mostly music lovers who come to enjoy the headliners that are booked on days like Tuesdays. The design of this place kind of sucks once you walk in you have to walk up stairs. Girl's like me in 4 inch heels ya... it sucks.Music: definitely my taste in music, Trance. Even though this place is small they throw one hell of a party. The lights, go go dancers, confetti, and the foam glow lights they give out definitely add to the craziness of this place. Bar: There's 1 and 1/2 of a bar in this place, yes very small. The main bar is always packed but there's a male bartender there that's super nice and I tip him well because he makes my drinks strong just the way I like it.
4	This venue is really tiny!  However, this does make it easier to get to the front so you can jam out to the headlining DJs on Tuesdays :)  I have to come here to check out EDM all-star names like BT, Tiesto, Above & Beyond.  I must mention that their bartender PAUL is the friendliest bartender in ALL of Las Vegas.  We met him when Las Vegas Yelper Yuhi K. & I went to check out BT.  He served us up some super stiff drinks, and was overall had a very personable and nice personality.  Yuhi K. has informed me that she returned for the Above & Beyond event, and he remembered us.  Thumbs up way up for that, Paul!  Thanks Lavo, looking forward to more EDM nights.
5	Been to Lavo a few times before for the nightlife and nothing really caught my attention except for the open bar before 11pm and the guaranteed walk in to XS right after, but Lavo sure left  a lasting impression the last time I was there.Winter in Vegas: Ever find yourself bored as hell during the day without summer's Tao Beach, Wet Republic, Rehab, Encore Beach, etc... ? Now presenting Lavo Brunch... untz untz untz. Yes it is your typical nice brunch with fancy shmancy table settings, classy food, mimosas, champagne, etc. Imagine that... BUT add dimmed lights. strobe lights. excessive amounts of alcohol. glow sticks/bracelets. neon colored sunglasses. bumping music. aaaaaaaaaand girls dancing on top of these fancy tables. Lavo just took brunch to another level. Love it.
2	Good food but way overpriced if you're going to spend $100+ for two people and you will even without drinks here go somewhere with a nice view instead!
4	We had two rounds here during my birthday celebration so the review is for the bar area only.The drinks are very expensive and the waitresses sit down next to you when they take your order.  Those were the only two things I did not like.  Other than that, this place oozes sexiness, classiness, and fun all at once.  Great martinis and great bar atmosphere.  I would have liked to get bottles here, but next time!
1	For the Super Bowl party....Food was just ok. Kept running out. If you didn't have a reserved table, hardly any seats. Tv's rather small and a bad angles. Save your money.
5	The club is fairly small but the size really helps if you're trying to keep track of several drunk friends who wander off. I've never not had a good time here. The open bar for girls has provided a lot of free alcohol for my friends, and handy sodas for me (since I'm almost always the driver). The music has varied across my visits, but it's always been fun and good for dancing. The bathrooms are easy to find and watching performers here is easy since the club is so compact.
5	Juicy CLUB in Palazzo with the best music!!!Dom Perignon is here!!! FUN TIMES!!This club has the best music in vegas. They play a lot of hip hop and mashups and it was really good. A power 106 dj was spinning when we went. Usually it's a girl spinning. They are all very good!!! The tables here are super cool. You can put ur purses and jackets in a drawer hidden behind the table so no one can steal it. Love that!!You can go up on the ledge behind the table to dance too. Super fun!!There is always a waitress standing around to serve you the drinks. They also dance very good and entertain you. The only problem is that the place is kinda small, so even if you have a table and there's rope around, it is overly crowded.
4	LAVO is located inside Palazzo Hotel. My first night out in Vegas and I went here for the DJ Chuckie event. We reserved a table so we didn't have to wait in that long line! When walking in you can see the restaurant part. Then you walk up a set of stairs and a hallway with a bunch of sinks lined across. I wasn't sure if it was just for decorations or for people to puke in while leaving the place at night. lol! I kept wondering how could there be a restaurant and a club in one, wouldn't it be too loud? But it wasn't! It was amazing how both sides placed completely different music but couldn't hear it from each side. This is a pretty small club compared to others in Vegas but it was a good size. We got a big booth that was right behind the DJ booth. They had sunglasses layer out with the DJ's name on it and the service was great. Our waitress was so attentive and made sure that we always were stocked with shots and chasers. The music was great here and the people were friendly. everyone was having a good time. I love that there are little cubbies for the girls to put their coats and bags inside. And they were hidden so people couldn't just see them out in the open. They gave out a bunch of glow sticks for people to wave around and L.M.F.A.O even made an appearance here!! The crowd went wild! It was a great night for me!
3	Enjoyed the food. I had the tuna tartare for appetizer and spaghetti and meatballs with a glass of "the riddler" for my entree. All were delicious.Before we got any food or drink, a waiter tripped and dropped his serving tray on my shoulder. It startled me and it also bugged the crap out of me that he never apologized. My own server said she was sorry but he did not. Usually when something like that happens the manager comes by to make sure you're ok, but here, nothing. I let my server know I was bothered by his lack of interest that he conked me on the shoulder but she didn't seem to really care that much. If I really wanted to get into it I could have gone to the manager but due to the fact that I was with a larger party and uninjured, I let it ride.The music during dinner could have been more quiet; we had to shout.Nightclub was fun, since we ate there, we could walk upstairs for free. DJ was really good, and the vibe was fun. Note: This is not a sit-down club. Its very small by vegas standards, but it was still a great time!
4	Came here on a Sunday night. Unfortunately choices for Sunday are limited in Vegas, but its Vegas, you can't really have a bad time there!Anyways, a couple promoters I talked to recommended Lavo for Sunday night. I was with 2 girls so we got to skip the line, get in for free, and got to drink at the promoters table. Good being a girl ain't it? Haha. Aside from the extra accommodating service, Lavo is a nice club. There's a walk way that's lined with water fountains or sinks? I forget, but that was kind of unique? Music was good. It was pretty crowded from my recollection. The layout of this place is different from other clubs, there's 2 sections of the club. One filled with tables and the other a bar area. I would come here again, but its not on my must-go list.
4	Lobster bisque was excellent. Kobe meatball was huge with ricotta cheese on top, very filling. The lobster ravioli was a little bit overrated because for $38 a plate you would think to be able to taste the lobster and the dungeness crab that was drizzled on top. The layer chocolate cake was huge, good for 4 people to share. It was very rich in flavor. Our waiter Casey was awesome. To drink I had the pomegranate lemonada it was to die for. I love the ambiance of the place.
3	3.5 Stars.Didn't eat here.  Just partied.  Liked it but didn't love it.  Niche crowd, semi-sophisticated.  Vegas without size, but after Lavo, I realized that I kind of like the size when I hit Vegas clubs.
1	Food was delicious. But was overshadowed by the scavenger b!tch waitresses at the bar as we waited to be seated. The waitress was asian with tattoos all over her. Real classy huh? She shouldve tattooed her ugly face so i couldve kept my appetite a little better. Anyhow my girlfriend, another couple and I were here for vday and the night was ruined when we were kicked out of our seats so 5 caucasian males in suits can be seated. We did not spend over $300 for dinner to be treated like this. NEVER AGAIN WILL WE COME HERE TO EAT UNLESS I WANT TO BE DEGRADED LIKE ITS THE 50's again.
3	Even with free admission, open bar wristbands, and a handful of free drink tickets, I still wasn't very impressed with Lavo Nightclub. I wasn't feelin' the music at all. It was just a bunch of the same stuff I've been hearing on the radio for the past year, but what do you expect? If they at least threw in an old (or even new) hip hop song with a bangin' beat, I'd be a little more happy, but they didn't. I almost slipped on some drink spills a few times because no one came over to clean it up, but I guess that's hard to notice. The bathrooms were very dark and kind of small. The one thing I thought was pretty cool when I went was that they were giving out free Styrofoam glowstick things and glow necklaces. It was pretty cool until some ghetto guy came up to me and jacked one from my hands. I actually took a picture inside the club and didn't realize how many creepy crunk people were there until I looked at the picture afterward (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_7NLWpbuT1muUTdVQvKzfA/l.jpg). Despite my mediocre experience, I will most likely be back here again to check out Old School Wednesdays.
5	Great Food.
4	Good drinks good service good friends good times
4	On a girl's trip, we decided to come here for our last Vegas dinner...It was so delicious! Everyone loved the bread but sad that they charge extra for every loaf after the first one. I think what really caught me was the atmosphere... for a Sunday night people were just chilling not going too crazy. The music was upbeat throughout the whole night. I actually felt like going dancing afterwards... :) But the girls were too tired so we'd skipped. I'm coming back soon!
2	Visited Lavo on Valentines day, w reservations booked through their website about a couple weeks prior. Got seated about 5 min after our reservation time. Food was OK, drinks were OK, service was OK, everything was just OK. was seated towards the end of the restaurant, i preferred the outdoor seating towards the strip, but outdoor seating is closed during the winter. :-(. not sure if i will be back to this spot. i felt like the waitress just wanted us out of there quickly, our food was brought and taken within 15 minuets. On the flip side, Music was cool, pretty loud but i wasn't expecting anything other. I've experienced better, and probably wont be back.
4	Lavo nightclub was pretty fun, came here Friday night and enjoyed the vibe. The music wasn't my favorite, I prefer when a song I like is actually played for longer than 25 seconds before moving on. There is plenty of time to play the song, why ruin it by playing only a small portion. We did not eat here, so i cannot judge the food, but the club was nice, would come back, but not first choice.
5	This review is strictly for their new Saturday Champagne Brunch. OMG! It was awesome! We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party. While heading out to Pure Friday night, we were approached by one of their promoters. Raul asked if we had plans tomorrow during the day. Nope. He invited all 13 of us for brunch at 2pm and said it was free. Sounds too good to be true eh?! But we didn't have anything planned so we agreed. We arrived around 3pm and this place was packed! It was literally clubbing during the day! We were greeted by Raul and a couple other promoters. Sure enough, they had a table waiting for us just inside front entrance. Everyone enjoyed some drinks and then we were moved to another table inside the restaurant/lounge. We were very close to the DJ. On the table were more champagne, vodka & mixers. There were glow sticks, sunglasses, foamy glow patons, etc. I felt like it was a rave. Funny thing, they had the curtains drawn to make it dark inside, but you can still see daylight outside thru the cracks. I can't believe this was going on at 3pm?! Next I knew, the waiters brought out HUGE portions of pancakes, waffles, garlic fries, salad, etc. We still couldn't believe this was all free. We were afraid we'd get a huge bill at the end. Nevertheless, we still enjoyed the food. The waffles & fries were amazing!Around 5pm, we were asked to move to another table again. But this time, we've already befriended a smaller round table next to us so we just joined those two guys. They were super cool to offer us their champagne and vodka. About 30min later, the two guys said they were leaving and bought us a GIANT bottle of Grey Goose as a gift for the bachelorette and said 'congrats'! Holy Cow!? We stayed and partied 'til it ended at 6pm. Needless to say, it was an awesome time. We were prepared to at least tip SOMEONE but no one came to us with a bill or anything. LAVO, you rock!!!
5	My sister and I ate dinner at LAVO on Saturday night. We had 7:15 pm reservations and even though it was a tad early to eat by Vegas standards, the restaurant was pretty full. The tables for two are a little close together, but you still feel as if you have your own space and I really didn't overhear either of our neighbor's conversations.Our meal started with two glasses of sauvignon blanc and complimentary garlic bread. The garlic bread portion was huge and a great side for our meals. For entrees, my sister had the chicken parmigiano, I had the chilean sea bass, and we split a sea salt baked potato. Our waitress graciously mentioned to my sister that her meal did not include pasta in case she wanted to add that (she didn't). Once we saw the size of the chicken parm, I can see why it doesn't come with pasta! Her piece of chicken was the size of her plate! Needless to say she wasn't able to eat the whole thing, but she loved every bite that she did have. My sea bass, which was a nice thick slice, was cooked to perfection - it was flaky and just melted in my mouth. The baked potato was a great size (thank goodness we shared it), but could have used just a touch more salt. For dessert, we shared the chocolate cake roll. In keeping with the theme of our meal, it was gigantic. Easily four people could have shared that dessert. The cake was delicious and light which was good since we were pretty full from our entrees.Our waitress was very nice and did a great job of checking on us through the night. She also didn't rush us as we took our time with dessert and finishing our wine. The food does come out rather quickly - it couldn't have been more than ten minutes from the time we ordered until the time food appeared at our table. LAVO does a great job with table turnover, so even if you walk in without a reservation, you probably won't have to wait too long. Prices are actually really reasonable - after tax and tip, my share of the bill was $82.I would definitely eat at LAVO on a future visit and will be recommending it to friends who are traveling to Vegas in the near future.
5	GIRL REVIEWIf you like hip hop and booty poppin music, you have to go on Sundays. For me, it was open bar, and there a little runway stage that  I like where girls can dance. Just sayin...good music, (if you wanna switch it up to some hip hop), eh it's an ok venue, a bit small, but I had the time of my life at Lavo. Highly recommended for the booty shakers.
5	This review is for their LAVO Champagne Brunch! My new favorite place to hit up in vegas during the day now! :DOne of my girlfriends knew a promoter and walked 8 of us in. They placed us at a table near the entrance. Free alcohol and free food!? What more can you ask for!? Waiters brought out pancakes, waffles, pizza, garlic fries, salad, etc. mmm! They also give you neon glasses, glow sticks, sweat band, and foam glow sticks! Definitely a hipster/raver party haha. They do have an outdoor area for you to smoke. Weird to come out to see the sun and then walking back into the club with glow sticks everywhere. Haha only in vegas. The Dj was pretty good, played mostly electro songs. Their go go dancers are pretty hot too, especially the asian girl. ;)Overall, I would definitely come back here. B)
4	I went here twice in one week.  Once for dinner, and once to the club quite a bit later.  For dinner, I would've rated this 3 stars. Nothing wrong with it, nice atmosphere, good service, decent food.  But that's it. The club, on the other hand, was great.We were there on a Wednesday night, so most other clubs weren't exactly buzzing.  This place was.  It was busy, yet the servers were always there for you.  Drinks were good, I wasn't paying so of course they tasted extra good.I would definitely come here when in Vegas again.  For dinner though, I'd find another spot first.P.S. Don't wash your hands in one of those Roman style sinks in the hallway...I know they are already turned on for you, but you will not find paper towels to dry them off with...;)
5	This night club is the night clubs of the night clubs! Ladies get in free and drink for free on Wednesday nights (drink WHATEVER) you want to drink. Sorry guys..You will have to pay for cover and you will pay for your drinks...$15+ But not bad for the ambiance, beautiful people (or was I just too enubriated to really notice), those cool sinks with running water that mainly decorate the floor, and the beats..Can we talk about the beats that the DJ was spinning??? He was doing his thing and everyone was grooving to music from 80's,90's to present. I mean he was spinning, or was that me spinning? Nonetheless, I got my groove on and had a great night tearing up the dance floor. For the ladies..bathrooms are located downstairs..
4	Dinner was fabulous! Our group ordered 1) one of the steaks with a huge side of garlic mashed potatoes, 2) the louie salad with lobster and shrimp, 3) spaghetti carbonara, 4) a bolognese pasta dish and 5) I got the chicken parmagiani. The service was top-notch and worthy of an upscale restaurant: they refolded your napkin if you got up to use the restroom or go to the bar, they knew to refill ladies' water glasses first, etc. They even had a restroom attendant to hand you paper towels. They even gave us a free round of drinks for our group of five because they couldn't seat us until 30 minutes after our reservation. (This wasn't off-putting for us, since it was a fun atmosphere.)The portions are quite large and worth the price. They are known for their giant meatballs, which we unfortunately did not sample. However, they do provide free garlic bread with marinara which the table fought over.The ambiance gives off fun vibes, but it is very noisy.If you dine there, you get free admission to the club upstairs.
4	Came here on a Friday night. It started out kinda slow but soon was packed and had alot of people on the dance floor. We ending up dancing for hours. It was a really fun place to shake your booty. They played really good music..not too much hip hop.There were some really good looking people and the drinks were being made nice and strong. All in all a very fun night!!
4	I honestly don't know a single thing about how the food was - I came here specifically for the club.  So this review will consider all things CLUB wise.The only thing I really knew about Lavo is that it was the sister to Tao, the insanely popular restaurant/nightclub located in the Venetian.  First of all, the line-up they've been getting have been awesome as far as this House Music Fan is concerned.  My man BT, Gabriel and Dresden, just some powerhouses as far as trance goes.  I'm all over it!  I was a little wary, though, as I've gone to clubs to go see a particular DJ/artist and had to spend bank and wait forever and be subjected to someone's judgement if I was tall, rich, hot enough to be there and just waiting to see if the actual experience itself was good enough to justify the trial to get in.  WELL, how did LAVO measure up?I came on a Tuesday night about 11:30pm.  I was dressed in all black with dress shoes, button down dress shirt, and dress pants.  My partner in crime came punk-ish and we had a concern that her in her boots and torn but fashionista style would be barred.  Thankfully, we were let in about a ten minute wait in line and after presenting IDs, were let in for free.  Woo!I'll admit, it is a little off-putting to walk over the restaurant to get to the actual "club," as you are looking down on the diners and such but it quickly gives way to the actual club space which makes you forget exactly where you are.  The Roman Bath theme is pretty nice - understated but elegant with abstract lighting.  The rows of fountains leading in are nice touch as well.  The actual dance/bar/lounge space is a little smaller than I'd like but we did find a corridor that allowed us to  talk and hang (right outside the girl's bathroom), so we were able to enjoy our drinks without feeling too impacted.  When we walked in I was NOT too happy as security was rushing past us with a group of people trying to find a place for them.  My partner in crime informed me that one of the people in the group was a Kardashian so that explained the unmitigated, UNNECESSARY hysteria that was that entourage.  Wanting nothing to do with that circus, I made a point of staying as far away as I could from that.   (Sorry, I don't watch television, don't care about celebrities, don't care that you're famous for basically contributing nothing to society in terms of science/art/charity/concepts.)BT comes on and does an hour and a half set between two DJs.  I thought this set was a little short but WHO CARES, he's my favorite artist and he did a few of his own songs which was pretty cool.  YAY BT.The swag was pretty cool and I got a kick out of the golden dancing Buddha.  I wonder if they got him on loan.  FRIENDLY bouncers/security.  BONUS POINTS for the security guy who saw someone trying to light their cigarette and offered them a light.  Gentleman you are, sir.SHORT VERSION: On a Tuesday: 10 minute wait to get in.  Slightly crowded.  Vodka/Cran = $9.  Friendly staff.  Would go back again.
3	It's a great atmoshphere and ambiance with solid service. The food is ok but it's more all about the entire experience.
2	I visited LAVO with a bunch of friends on our final night in Vegas. Maybe it was because we had just gone to Marquee the night before, but I left the locale pretty disappointed.LAVO has a deal where you eat dinner at the restaurant, and then get free admission to the nightclub that evening (if it's open). It seemed like a pretty good deal, and since there were a few of us, we decided to jump on the deal.Dinner: 1.5/5We asked for the latest possible reservation so as to just head over to the club right after dinner and were given a 10:45pm table. On the way to the restaurant, we hit a little traffic in the cab and were running late. We called the restaurant to inform them, and they told us that we had a "15 min grace period" to get there. I found it hard to believe that we'd lose our table, especially since the restaurant wasn't exactly packed on this weeknight. Anyway, we got there right in the nick of time and were seated right away. We ordered a variety of entrees, ranging from pasta to pizza. Average price was around $25. The waiter informed us that we'd have a "better" chance of getting comped at the club if we also ordered cocktails and appetizers. Since the hostess said that all we needed were entrees, we declined.The food - meh. Some of the portion sizes were downright comical, including one friend's ravioli, which we joked the waiter must have dropped on the way here, since there were only about 4 pieces of ravioli for a $24 plate.No one was really "wowed" by the taste; in fact, I think the happiest of us were the ones that ordered the carne pizza ($24). It came on a long bread (think loaf of French bread as opposed to circular pizza). Not bad, but definitely not worth $24.The ambiance was nice and the waiter was friendly enough. We paid and quickly went on to the nightclubNightclub: 2/5The hostess had informed us that we would have to wait on line again for the club, but there was a separate, shorter line for dinner guests. She also said that we could just show our receipt and get our free admission into the club.We went outside and waited on a short line (the general admission line was about 50 people long by that point). One of the men at the door decided to give us a hard time because we didn't have any stamps from the restaurant (which no one mentioned). He then asked to see our dinner receipt, and said that it would only be good for 2 people (even though we paid over $30/pp at dinner on a night when admission to the club was $20).We didn't want to make a huge deal, so we went back to the restaurant, asked the hostess to stamp our wrists, and then got back on line. From here on, we had no more issues and were able to get inside with no cover.Inside the clubThe club is often advertised as an "intimate" club. I guess that's a nice way of saying "small".  In fairness, it's not exactly tiny, but after having visited Marquee the night before, the place felt like a watered down, smaller version of Marquee. Music was almost exclusively electro/house.  The dance floor was decent, but not as lively as other places I've been to in LV. All in all, not very happening, even though the place was decently packed.DownstairsThe downstairs bar was also open and had some music, but there were very few people down here. It made for a quick escape if you needed a drink (or wanted to smoke, as there was an adjacent outdoor patio section overlooking the strip). In the end, we wound up leaving after about an hour. The decor was certainly very nice, but give me a fun place with average decor than a fancy, dry place any day. OverallI definitely would not bother eating here ever again, and the club itself was nothing to write home about.  Overall 1.5 out of 5, rounded up to 2 because the decor was niceProsVery nice DecorFree entry to the club if you have an entree at dinnerConsOverpriced entreesSmall portionsFeels like a junior sized, watered down version of MarqueeProtips: make sure to wear a collared, button down shirt at minimum for guys. They specifically said no polo shirts at the club (although I sported a blazer with a polo and was not given any problems)make sure to get your hand stamped by the hostess before leaving dinner and going to the club in order to get free entry.
2	This review is for the nightclub aspect only.It's challenging to review a Vegas club because all of them suffer from fundamental problems that drive almost any man with a whit of intellect completely batshit crazy. Here's the thing, Lavo is the next evolution in Vegas club nonsense.The lines can be ridiculous of course, but these aren't any worse than other clubs ... which is to say that they are a miserable experience.The worst, most offensively miserable aspects are how insanely crowded the place is and the staff here. So how crowded is it?  I liken it to the people who try to mash their way into Walmart when it opens on Black Friday ... except constantly. I'm pretty sure that every day when they clean up the place they find two or three trampled girls in skanky outfits who just got lost under the mob. The heat can become unbearable and you'll be begging to leave this steam bath Hell ... but to no avail because you are so cramped in that you can't leave and you are forced to remain there and have people sweat on you. I think they call it Lavo as a reference to a sauna in a bath house.Now the staff ... well bouncers are moronic assholes, Vegas bouncers are SUPER moronic assholes, and Lavo bouncers are their kings. These guys are incredibly unreasonable and pushy. They have no concept of listening to logic and are happy to deny you entrance to the club because you happen to want to throw away your drink yourself.It gets a second star because the decor of sinks and bathtubs is pretty cool and we met ONE line watching staff member who was cool and talked about sports with us. Otherwise if you have a Y chromosome and two neurons, prepare yourself for a visit to the steamy underworld.
4	This review is for 2 parts - the Day club/brunch and the Night club!1) Day club brunch: My girls and I showed up for the day club (dancing only, no food) on St. Patty's day and was promptly whisked in. The biggest drawback is the layout of Lavo (the first floor at least). The majority of the space was taken up by diners (with amazing smelling food) and thus left almost no space to dance. My group of 8 found a small space underneath the dancer girl in bathtub (don't ask...she was hot though). Music was solid (mostly house). Drinks were standard price ($14?) and the free green ish being passed around was an added plus. Green foam sticks, green glow sticks, green shamrock head gear - the works! We were next to the go-go dancers and we could not stop drooling at this one mixed Asian chick. She was weeeeeerking it! I'm in love. 2) Returned later that evening with our cute little Asian promoter. She walked us in, got us a table near the bar and a round of drinks! We started dancing on the couch before a bouncer stopped us ... and told us to dance on the ledge instead! There is a cushion on the couch that can be removed and the sweet waitresses told us to keep all our purses in there! So accommodating :') Music was mainly hip-hop, so definitely got back to my roots. Lavo is a solid part of my Vegas club rotations :) Definitely check it out!
4	Had one wild night at Lavo, woke up Monday morning and had to venture out of our suite at the Venetian in search for the ice machine so I could ice a half dozen bumps and bruises on my legs, still not sure how they got there! Yes, I got a little wild :) but from what I remember of my evening here, it was fabulous. Our company hosted an opening night party here for the ASD Show - so things started out right downstairs with a glass of Pinot and their meatballs. Yummm! We came upstairs and I'm not sure how many cocktails I had but we had an entire section behind the DJ to ourselves so lots of space for me to lounge out and kick up my heels after dancing for hours. I really like the little cut out shelves all over the place and especially on the dance floor for your drinks. The bathrooms are clean, the bartenders were all pretty cute - all in all fun little spot! Whoever the gentleman was that kept telling me I was "the hottest chick ever", thank you! Of course I don't know the prices, because I rarely pay, and if I do - we all know good food and alcohol have no price tag ;) but Absolute Vodka was compted for about 2 hrs, so I may have had 5 or 6 drinks - yep Good Times!
4	dolla. bills. in. da. air.They take it really literal at this club. No cover charge and was able to bypass the long ass line that extended to the cold outside. Free drinks. Grabbed about $35 flying dollar bills. Pooled with other friends, we had a net gain of around $50+. Hm, that sounds like a good deal. Needless to say, I was ELATED! Used it for taxis and tips. WIN. Get a promoter. Yes, even you groups of girls! Much faster and less frustrating to be walk in with a promoter than wait mindlessly in lines. There is a lounge/restuarant/chilling area with a bathroom on the bottom floor. You have to climb a couple of flights of stairs to get to the loud, and I mean LOUD (the volume had our ears RINGING- it really could have been turned down a LOT), dance floor. I lost my shoe like Cinderella during this plight four times. Then there is a pretty..bizarre row of sinks? Then comes the dance floor. There was a HUGE crowd because there was a convention earlier that day, slightly an older crowd I guess. The music was pretty good, but like I said, way too loud. Joined a table, so we had a bigger space to dance. The bouncers were a little mean and was very anal about having me put on shoes. Sigh. They were really particular about having a portion of the VIP section unoccupied for people to walk? Idks! Obviously they have never worn heels before. But other than that,  a very fun time. The "shots" that the staff were making were DELICIOUS and FRUITY! Not quite sure how much was alcohol, but it was the girly-est and most delicious shots ever. My highlight is still the flying dollar bills. Oh Vegas. You are so funny, sometimes.
5	This review is for the restaurant.I'm going to say this now. I have NOTHING negative to say about this restaurant. The food and service were impeccable. We were seated within 10 minutes and our waiter was very attentive, helpful, and friendly. We ordered the kobe rice balls for an appetizer and they were nothing short of delicious. The rice was similar to a risotto. They weren't the japanese rice balls that I had in mind. Instead, they were fried and had marinara sauce, but still it was deeee-lish!For our entrees my boyfriend had the chilean seabass and I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. Both were perfect, the fish was extremely juicy and tender and the ravioli was flavored quite nice and the added arugula made for a nice accompaniment.Overall, our meal was spectacular. The only slight and I mean SLIGHT downside is that the pricing is a little steep. But then again, you get what you pay for.
4	If your looking for Italian food in Las Vegas I challenge you to find something better than LAVO but do yourself a favor and come extra hungry because the portions are not only delicious but massive as well. I had the largest chicken parmigiana I have ever seen.
4	We received line passes because we stayed at the Venetian. We arrived close to midnight and we were whisked right to the front of the line w/ no cover. Yeah, the place was crowded but the DJ had the place bumping and everyone was chill. Not too bad of a challenge to get drinks. I prefer this place to the clubs at the Palms sans Ghost Bar. There were a lot of girls in groups who were looking for guys to dance with and there are several places people can stand on to get a better view. We had a drink in the bar before the club opened and I liked the vibe. The bartenders were smoking and the clientele were chill. Inside the club they also have shot waitresses coming around and you can see by the girl in the left's pic she got pretty $hitfaced. Had to call it a night early around 2ish and my friend gave her a personal tour of his room - LOL
3	Review for the Nightclub only.So my group of eight, six guys two girls, we copped VIP tickets upon entering our limo. Therefore, saves everyone ten bucks, so girls get in free!We ate at a nearby restaurant and we walked by Lavo, no line at 10:15. We come back at 10:45 (doors open at 11) and there were multiple lines, sigh. We end up in the VIP line that led us outside of the doors to stand in the freakin' cold. Pregaming early might have been a bad idea since this was on a Tuesday night. However, Sander Van Doorn was to be playing, so we did expect it to reach max capacity. The line barely moved and bouncers were no help. They even said the tickets wouldn't work since it was past 11! But after much discussion, we convinced them to let it slide anyway, at 12:30 when we were about to go in.It's suuuuuuper crowded. Dance Floor way too small. Creepers everywhere. And I mean everywhere! Won't get into personal stories, but I must say, this was a sketchy ass club, and yall aren't even good looking. Yeah, people here were rude, stuck up, unnattractive, and were a waste of space. Pros:-Decor is really cool. I wish I took photos because I was in awe.-Some good ass dj's come here. Mainly on Tuesdays, take advantage of it! Because weekends here are even worse and not worth the money.-Cool effects lights and the place is bumpin bumpin bumpin.-You can visit the restaurant, lounge, AND nightclub. Cons:-Security is everywhere. Even on the dancefloor. Goddamn, get out of the way and stay on the sides or something.-Creepers. Creepers everywhere! Some old, most came solo, and all our obvious about being creepy as shit.Why the 3 stars? Sander killed it! Such a good set, I kept wanting to dance. I wish I stayed til 4 but hey, shit happens. Overall, for a weekday clubbing night, it was chill. Who wouldn't love a 4+ hour set for free with sick visuals from some of your favorite dj's! =]
3	Review for club only. After much debate of which club my friends and I wanted to attend..we went here. Boy was I disappointed...AT FIRST.After a 30 min wait, we walked up expecting to pay $30 by club promoter hearsay. Ugly lady working the register, "$40 cover" after a little wtfusaytomeb*tch, I relented, along with a few of my buddies. A couple resorted to going back since clubbing isn't really their thing. Our girls got in free along with free drinks till 1AM. Drinks were STRONG. The girls had no problem getting 3-4 drinks in an 1.5 hr span.Club is TINY. and that's an understatement. We went to the dance floor and I thought we were at Walmart for black friday. Giving this place 3 stars only cause TYGA put on a good performance, otherwise it would've been 2. After TYGA's performance, we left to go play some craps and who shows up at our table? TYGA. After droppin' a few 'hunneds' we bounced and bid TYGA farewell.Overall a DECENT night at LAVO. TYGA's performance and rollin' dice with him.
4	I love coming to Las Vegas.  It's loaded with celebrity chefs and fine dining.  My first stop was Lavo.  I have eaten here before with co-creator Matt Harwood. It's places like this that inspire us to replicate what we ate.. Read more here: http://www.bougiefood.com/?p=316
4	Tasty food...try the meatballs.  The price point is really reasonable.  The chicken parmigiana isn't as good as the one at the Palm, which is disappointing since it is a signature dish.  But all in all, the dishes were really good and the service was awesome.  Definitely try this place if you want delicious food in a cool atomsphere.
5	Working. Good to be a part of something this successful
4	My co workers and I took a break from our Halloween Event at Lavo to have dinner. Though packed and on Halloween night, we recieved excellent service.The Meatballs are so soft and so tasty you almost don't want to share.The calamari was lightly battered and crispy. Loved it!!!The Brick Oven margherita Pizza is made to be shared and savored!!!The Chopped Louie Salad had large chunks of lobster and plenty of shrimp.I'll be back!!!!
2	You're in Sin City and you feel dangerous, mischievious even.  You lurk around at Palazzo and follow the sound of thumping, booming....your feet can't help it but to follow the beat....you look into this mysterious dark restaurant and say ehhh why not?!  I was here for my sister's 21st birthday and was told for every entree you order you get a free stamp into Lavo the club.  We were told by concierge the food is great at Lavo so it's a win win.  We made reservations for 13, was seated promptly and orders were taken....unfortunately when the food arrived my mouth dropped and I was thinking....THE F did I just pay to eat COLD pasta?!  I ordered the Seafood Alfredo and Oh em gee it was cold, crusted with sauce.  The prawns on the plate looked amazing but the dish was anything but.  We also ordered the bone in rib eye. It was cooked medium rare which was fine but it wasn't anything to write home about...well actually it wasn't anything to write on YELP about.  Bottom line if you're looking for a free club this is your place.  They let ladies in for free on the guestlist and ladies drink free from 11:30 to 1am.  The dance floor is TINY.  I mean TINY!  I think it only fits about 30 Snooki's at most!  As you are bumping and grinding along strangers drinks are being sloshed all around you and sound system is horrible!  I say come here to pre party but dance and boogey somewhere else. Ummm wouldn't come here for the food.  The consensus from our party was we paid a shit load for the food to get into a crappy club.  Just our two cents.
4	While on a girls vegas trip we ventured in for dinner. We ordered several different plates for everyone to share. The food was great, the decor is amazing and the service was good. After dinner we ventured upstairs to the club, they had great music  but like most everything in vegas, it caters to men. Half naked women in roman attire were hired as eye candy for the men, I think they forgot that we need some eye candy as well.
4	I went here last month for my birthday...It was great! I had reservations which are a must or you will be waiting for hours for a table. I waited like 20 min for my table with reservations...Anywho...I ordered the giant meatball with the cheese on it...the best meatball eva! It was so tasty, not dry, perfectly seasoned...my tastebuds are salivating just thinking about it lol. I wish they could ship me a meatball lol. I had it with some spaghetti. It was good, but adding the meatball made it taste awesome. They gave us some table bread with marinara. That kept is going while waiting for the food. Also they have a live dj inthe restaurant spinning beats. I was dancing at the table the whole time too which was pretty cool. Made the waiting for your meal not so bad while eating the bread.I told them it was my birthday and they brought me a strawberry shortcake dessert! It was also very delicious. That was the best birthday dessert by far from all the restaurants I ate at. And it was free! Just make sure in your reservations you tell them you are celebrating your birthday and voila free awesome tasty dessert!We went to the club afterwards...I suggest dining where you want to club as you get line cuts and don't have to wait and it's free. After getting up there...lawd it was too crowded and people were pushing..we got the heck outta there and went somewhere else..oh well..no matter I just went to bed and the next morning had leftover meatball for breakfast lol
1	I experienced the worst night in my life in Lavo. It started out with tiny $14 drinks served an indifferent and apathetic female bartender, then later ignored by the tattoo'd waitresses. They then allowed my friends to enter the nightclub but I was left in the bar area because I had brown shoes and they had black. After waiting hours for my friends to return, I begged the staff and the manager to allow me to enter just to get the keys from my friends so I could leave, or even have someone escort me for 5 minutes if they felt brown leather shoes in a dark night club were a fashion faux pax. They were totally uncooperative and unhelpful. I waited until nearly 3 am listening to blaring loud music, being bumped into dozens of times  - with never one person even saying "excuse me". Meanwhile I saw a waitress wearing only panties and a bra with stripper nylons and shoes go into the nightclub and patron girls wearing sandals and even taking their shoes off. It an arrogant crappy attitude.
4	Let me start off by saying that I never actually tried the food.  I was interested in the Night Club portion of this establishment.  There are several people on the outside trying to ensure that everyone stays in line.  Depending on who is checking names and stamping wrist, this can be a time consuming process.  I did not have too long of a wait either time I went.  Tuesday night, down stairs, in the lounge area, they were playing a nice hip hop/r&b mixture, and you had sever inebriate people making attempts to look cool dancing, which is always a plus for me!  The design is puzzling because the decorum is nice for the lounge area, but they forgot to include a dance area, so people usually dance in the walk way leading to the outside seating area and/or around the bar.  Upstairs was techno night.  LOTS of energy in the place.  I really enjoyed the energy, even though Techno music is quite repetitive in sound.  One of the club promoters saw me before I left and told me they wanted me to come back Wednesday and that they were putting me on the guest list.Wednesday, I am back to see if it was worth my time.  Turns out it was the 1 year anniversary of hip hop Wednesday.  Downstairs had nice music and a nice crowd.  Upstairs was crazy packed with all kinds of people and the energy in the room was bananas.  I was enjoying the nice mixture of every coast of music and in walks Reverend Run of Run DMC fame and takes the energy and fun to an entire different level/hemisphere/planet!  Needless to say, I enjoyed myself here.  I don't know what the food taste like or I may have just given this place 5 stars.
1	Came on a Sunday which was hip hop. Crappy dj, rude crowd, tiny dance floor. Girls get free drinks but make sure you don't share with your guy friends because they will get kicked out.
1	***Club Review***My friends and I got in without having to pay the $20+ cover because we were in town for NAB and our passes got us in for free. That was the one of the few good things of our experience here. The DJ and the music was also pretty good. No complaints there. I'm not even complaining about the $8 I spent on a Newcastle.I am however complaining about the staff with attitudes that work here. I'm also raising an eyebrow at the staff about our missing items. Here's what went down:Sunday 4/15On the dancefloor, a random patron taps my friend on the shoulder to ask him if he lost a cell phone. My friend looks at the phone, says it's not his, then witnesses the patron turn the phone in to the DJ. Several moments later, my other friend realizes that his cell phone is missing only to find out that this was the same phone that was found earlier. Both friends go to club security with the info that the phone was given to the DJ only to find out that club security took it to hotel security. Hotel security has no record of it.Tuesday 4/17While in line to get in, one of our friends steps away to find hotel security to hopefully get more info on his missing cell phone. When he returns, the club bouncer immediately extracts him from the line. I understand that he was only doing his job and not letting people cut. But rather than telling him to get to the back of the line, he flat out tells him to leave. He wasn't gonna let him into the club! I mean, our friend wasn't even intentionally cheating his way in. I'm sure that the 2 people in line behind us didn't mind that we saved our friend's spot in line but even if they did, we wouldn't try to disrespect them. The bouncer just wanted to throw his power trip around on a tuesday night. After some major ass kissing on my friend's part, the bouncer finally let him go to the back of the line.On the dancefloor, another friend realizes that her clutch purse is no longer on her wrist. In a panic, our whole group is searching the entire club for the purse. Club security notifies us that it was found but when they hand it over, her iPhone is missing. One of the guys in our group continued to question club security about the missing iPhone who claims that they haven't found one. But in desperation, our friend says to security "I'll pay you $20 for the iPhone" and security's response was "Wait, what color did you say it was?" WTF??? Why did security suddenly change their story the moment my friend offered a bribe?I do however have to say that the random patrons that we met at this place has been extremely cool and genuinely concerned with all the bad stuff that kept happening to us throughout the night. We even got invited to hang out in the VIP area for table service by a few different groups. Again, I understand that staff is doing their best to make sure that the tables stay reserved for those who reserve it. So when one of the waitresses told us that we had to leave, I tried to politely explain to her that the people who reserved the table invited us to drink with them. She responded with the biggest attitude: "Don't yell at me!" Um...hello? I wasn't yelling at you. I'm just talking loud because we're in a club and if I don't talk loud then you won't be able to hear me!The staff here needs to get over themselves. SMH.
4	Kobe stuffed rice ball!!!
1	Way too much attitude, terrible service, super super salty foods. Waited forever for my glass of wine, we asked for place settings multiple times (finally arrived after our food), both the beets salad & margarita pizza were soaked in salt, servers have WAY too much attitude. It's "trendy" & the location is perfect but overall NOT worth it!
4	This rating is more aimed that restaurant versus the nightclub, but I will give my take on both.Lavo, as an italian restaurant, is one of my favorites in the city, and probably my favorite on the strip.  The food here is outstanding, and I've yet to try anything that I haven't enjoyed thoroughly.  From the softball-sized meatballs, to the flatbread pizzas, to the chicken parm, to the deep-fried oreos, EVERYTHING is great.  One of the great things about Lavo is that it's doable on a budget as well - you can have a nice dinner for two splitting an appetizer/salad and a flatbread pizza, and walk out for under $30 per person and experience one of Vegas' best restaurants.  The service is wonderful, and more than happy to help set you up with entry into the club upstairs if you desire.  The atmosphere here is great, but loud, and if definitely geared toward a younger crowd.  If you don't like booming electronic music (I happen to love it), or if you like a lot of conversation, you might want to either dine here very early, or find some place else entirely.  I do need to pause here to make a specific note about what is probably the single greatest dessert I've ever eaten, and that is the deep fried oreos.  I don't want (or need) to say anything more - just try them.  Seriously.  The nightclub is...umm...intimate.  All Vegas clubs are crowded, it's a fact of life, but Lavo somehow goes a step above crowded to 'claustrophobically crowded'.  Other than that, you get your typical Vegas club fair, both good and bad.  Lavo is owned by Tao Group, who also run Marquee, so it's not uncommon to see big names in this small club, especially on Tuesday nights which has been re-branded as 'All-Night Tuesdays' and offers a very, very impressive rotating line-up of not just big, but HUGE name DJs by the likes of Above & Beyond, Sander van Doorn, Dash Berlin, Gareth Emery, and more.  Bottom line: the restaurent is a can't miss, the nightclub, not so much.
1	Horrible place! Security is VERY rude! I was there for an hour and had 2 drinks. I got kicked out because some girl pushed me! 3 securities took me to the back, thru the kitchen and put me in an elevator. The elevator that the employees use. It smelled and was dirty! One of the guys Asked for my ID and took my info down. They drew an X on my wrist stamp. I was treated like shit! I never want to come back! If you guys are going to have open bar for all the ladies please know there is going to be pushing and shoving and that gives you guys no right to kick someone out in that manner! At least escort me to the front entrance!!!!!
3	This place were pretty good. We reserved a table and it was definitely a lot of fun. The servers were good about coming back pouring drinks for people. Girls were able to dance on a upper platform area. Music was pretty kickin, there was a guest DJ there that night. Overall much better than the previous night's club choice.
5	Excellent food, service, and atmosphere - the full package.  Went there the final night of a 3-day string of wonderful meals.  Even in that company the restaurant held its own.   Very pricey, but it is Las Vegas after all.
2	Overall very underwhelming with expensive prices.  We had drinks in the afternoon outside which were decent but dinner that night was very disappointing.1.  Poor service throughout -started moment we walked in with the hostess.  Waitress rarely stopped and never after meal was delivered.  Water glasses always empty, plates piling up, you get the picture.2.  Only Italian restaurant I've ever been to where one order of bread is complimentary and the rest costs money.  In addition, no fresh parmesan cheese (no cheese for that matter).3.  Food was very salty - 2 of the 6 meals in our party were almost inedible.4.  Loud, obnoxious club music playing throughout the patio for evening dinner.  I'm all about partying and the Vegas vibe but playing it on the patio at dinner just really ruins the atmosphere.Overall a poor experience.  With so many great places to eat in Vegas, you can easily do better.
5	Great service, Great food, Amazing music. We decided to start the night getting some grub and a drink. We were a larger group (14 people) and i was only able to eat what was on our side of the table. it did seem like we ordered almost everything from the menu but what i can most distinctly remember are the following. WE started with the Margherita pizza than had the sea salt baked potato and baby asparagus. And for our main course i had the rigatoni sausage bolognese and the maine lobster and an order of the mixed wild mushroom. (i split the main course with someone else.) seemed like a lot of food even for me. After dinner, We made our way to the second level which had a more of a club vibe, great tunes and they gave away free drink to the ladies from 11 to 1, i think. which was great for half our party. Definitely a place for bachelorette party. Definitely where the ladies are.
4	This is an update for the nightclub portion of Lavo, which previous I was not a huge fan of; however, after going last night, I have to say that this place is a totally different animal on a weeknight, and especially during their 'AllNight Tuesday' parties.  We waited in line for about 20 minutes, but considering I was going with my 2 guys friends, we got in fairly quickly, and for free (with local IDs).  When we walked in the club was hopping, but not overcrowded as Lavo normally is on weekends.  Getting a drink from the bar was quick and easy, and we made out way to the very front of the dancefloor by the DJ booth easily.  This trip to Lavo was really like night and day compared to the first.  The sound system seems to have been upgraded, the security was great (and was even dancing and having fun with the guests rather than standing with their typical air of contempt).  The intimate feel of this place really shined through last night, and I can honestly say it's the most fun I've had at a Vegas club in a long time (it also helps that Above & Beyond were spinning as well).  I'd still be hesitant about visiting Lavo on a weekend, but if you're in town on a Tuesday and love electronic music (especially trance), DO NOT sleep on Lavo, this place is definitely a gem.
5	****Club Review****  Great experience, we booked bottle service which has quite a sticker shock initially, but always ends up being money well spent.  We got a great table thanks to Marc and Brandon followed by awesome service from the lovely Jillian.
5	If only they opened a Lavo in LA or SD, I'd be fat and broke. This place is a real treat when we come to Vegas. I mean, I don't think I've had food like this before. The garlic  bread is to die for! I'll be talking about it for the next 6 months. I love the marinara sauce because it doesn't taste like someone jazzed up some Prego and slapped it on some pasta. It's not super thick sauce but it sure is tasty. The Kobe meatballs are so ridiculous. It's like, how am I gonna eat another meatball after that? I'm gonna turn into a full throttle meatball snob. I've never had dessert here because I'm too stuffed to even think about eating dessert after dinner.Make reservations. We tried to go once and hardly got a table.
4	I went here with a group as part of a conference, and we were served a fixed menu. I'm vegan, and they were very accommodating, even though we weren't ordering off of the standard menu. The service was great, and the waiter said they'd bring me something. The salad was simple but the dressing was delicious, and the waiter came by twice to give me extra. The pasta was especially good, and was served with the largest head of broccoli that I've ever seen.Great food, attentive service, and they wanted to make sure we were happy.
4	Wento LAVO over the memorial Weekend... tried to check this place out since it was FREE for us since we stayed at the Venetian Hotel and Resort. Overall, the music was ok., didn't like the atmosphere much... felt like its a little closed and humid at times... people sweating and etc, wouldn't make it pleasant. or at least by controlling the crowd I  would say the problem would be solved - well at least 80%. Good thing it had in and outs, so we got some fresh air and went back in after playing a little poker game. I would go back, lets see how the second experience is.
1	We went to Lavo over the Memorial Day weekend and it was not one of the better experiences I had.  We sat outside on the balcony, which is awesome.  The waiter we had was outstanding and tended to our every need.  The downfall to the evening was the food poisoning I endured while in the restaurant.  We ate dinner and were sitting having some after dinner conversation when I was sick to my stomach.  I apologize to anyone who may have been sitting near me, but it struck me like a brick upside the head.  They asked if it was due to the alcohol I drank, however the first drink I had and the only food I had to eat was at Lavo.  Overpriced and unless you like ruining your vacation, I would avoid this place like the plague!
5	Never would I have thought to come to LAVO for dessert. I thought it was just a club.I came here for one reason: FRIED OREOS! Sooo soft, warm and FANTASTIC! It was surprisingly light unlike the ones at Carnivals. The Vanilla Gelato that was served with them made the dessert PERFECT!I ordered it to go, but I couldn't contain myself and i tore that to-go box up and ate it at the barhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w#t-DhxUlDTT6T8wgDmc2LMQ
3	Went here for the nightclub on a sunday night. Short line, no cover, but super crowded inside! The dance floor was small, but they had tons of good music! However, since the area was small and it was jammed packed with people, it was hard to navigate to the bar or to anywhere! Thus, once you're in there, be prepare to stay there or else you'll have trouble finding a room to dance!!Overall, it was alright, would I go back again? Maybe.
3	Went here for dinner on Friday night... We had 8 dudes, but even though we had a reservation and it was late (9:45)... we had to wait a bit and they sat us outside...in the 100 degree heat.  The heat wasn't a big deal, but we kind of missed out on the whole decor and atmosphere of the inside.  The kobe meatball was very good.  I just got an 8 ounce filet.  It was good... but it doesn't even come w/ a potato or anything... but the side of asparagus i got was heaping and tasty.  The filet was good though... cooked to my specifications and seasoned nicely... most other people got pasta dishes... do'nt know what they thought, but most looked pretty normal.  Service was good.  They got everything right.  Not super pricey, but pricey.  But overall I was underwhelmed... I just had the feeling that I would rather pay more to eat better or pay less to eat junky.  No real complaints... but I wasn't wowed by anything.
1	So, I get to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year, to relax and enjoy good food.  Overall, I would have to say the most mediocre dining experience I have had has been at Lavo.  To even be in the same complex as Bouchon is a travesty. So we enter (party of 2) 10 min early for our reservation, and were greeted, given a pager, and asked to wait - no problem, good start.Sit down in the waiting area, too a while, but ordered a drink - ok no issues there.Buzzer goes off, I walk back to the hostess station, and say 'I have ordered drinks, but they haven't arrived yet' - the answer - 'OK, go back, and wait to settle the bill and come back when you get your drinks'.  Really?  How about sending them to the table. Seriously?  Go back and wait and do a transaction?  Fine, so we go back and wait for the drinks.  Drinks arrive, I have to do the back and forth dance settling the transaction - go get bill, deposit cash, wait for change, etc....So I go BACK to the hostess station and they say - "Ok, it will be a minute".  So I am standing there with a beer, and my dining partner has a full to the brim martini waiting....The hostess now navigates us to the table.  We were PACKED in there,  like have to move the tables around so your aren't bumping into people around you.  Not only is it packed but it is EXTREMELY loud.  I mean really really loud, barely able to hear the person across from you.  I am all for hip joints that have a buzz, but some conversation would be nice.  Maybe this is the spot to take the 'professional help' out to so you don't actually have to fake a conversation?Menu seemed nice, nothing OMG.Ordered 1/2 doz oysters, asked varieties, told they had Kushis (my fav) and the Ricotta topped Meatball to start.  Split a pasta main (Eggplant and Buffalo Mozzarella) and have to sides of sauteed spinach and mushrooms.The Meatball and Pasta were pretty darned good.  Not awesome, but good.Oysters - They arrived - not Kushis but Kumomotos - didn't make a fuss, no bigs.  Eat 3 of them, go for a 4th and once it hist the mouth, instantly know it is bad, the OMG don't puke bad.  Try to gracefully spit it out.Waiter comes, I comment to him that the oysterman should keep an eye out, I got a bad one, and usually they travel in clumps - response 'sorry'.  That was it, 'sorry'.  Not "GEE thanks for the heads up, sorry if you would have drowned that oyster in cocktail sauce and swallowed it you would have blown chunks all over - man I am glad you didn't do that, gee what can we do to help out" - nada, nothing.Spinach - I love garlic.  I really love the stinking rose - BUT YOU HAVE TO COOK IT.  This was covered in raw garlic.  I mean loaded with raw garlic - basically an inedible 11 dollar side dish of spinach.Mushrooms - They were hammered and burnt.  If you like almost dried out crunchy mushrooms with a great burnt taste, sure why not.I mention both to the waiter, get the same "sorry".At this point I must sound like an annoying D Nozzle where this post would end up on whitewine.com, but honestly I am a pretty relaxed guy and can roll with the punches.  I get yelled at by customers all day, and can appreciate that a negative experience is an outstanding opportunity to build loyalty based on how you handle the situation...So I get the bill - nothing addressed, full price, rotten oysters, inedible spinach, and burnt mushrooms and all.The only good news is that is was so farking noisy in the place, I couldn't even express my frustration to my dinner partner.Did I mention the couple next to us?  Arrived as we placed our 'water' order.  He ordered soup, both had a main - his was ravioli and hers was a baseball fillet (requested medium).They got their food when we were PAYING our bill.  Fillet - yup you guessed it, on the rare side of medium rare (I was thinking self, that looks perfect, wonder if she wants to trade for inedible spinach and burnt mushrooms).  Had to send it back.  Really - a fillet?  You cant even get a fillet order right?I am sure Lavo is the too cool for school place to hang out and show off your black mini-dress, pay premium price for food that is wildly inconsistent.  Order drinks - sure!  Order the meatball and drinks at the bar and then do some more walking - sure!  Have a nice dinner where you can talk to your partner and actually eat a 3 course meal - not so much.  I think you get my drift
5	OOOOooOOh LAVO!Such great food and memories here!Let me start by saying that the decor and ambiance is on point at LAVO! From the lighting, to the decor, to the people, to the loud bumping music. You walk in and you already feel lavish!When I walked in I bumped into David Spade! I couldnt help but take a double look when I saw him walking out of the restaurant. They have the cutest fully stocked bar. With GOOD cocktails. And well their dinner menu is impeccable!  Try their fried oreos for dessert!  I assure that  YOU WILL DIE AND RESURRECT!! Just a couple of FYI'sIf you want to have dinner there make a reservation! They get extremly busy for dinner!Also, if you have dinner at LAVO you get to go to their nightclub for FREEE! NOW FOR THE NIGHTCLUBI wasn't too impressed. The entrance leading to the club is rather intriguing. But the actual club is small and If you dont have a bottle you have no where to sit. ASIDE from that good crowd, good music bumpin, and good times!
5	This place was AWESOME! My boyfriend and I had dinner here over Memorial Day weekend! Our waiter KC was so hospitable, he recommended everything we needed up ordering and we were so delighted with all of his choices! We started with kobe meatball with ricotta. My boyfriend had the sea bass (melted in your mouth), I had the spaghetti carbonara with chicken which was to die for! Then we had the fried Oreo's with Vanilla ice-cream for dessert! KC also recommended a drink that wasn't on the menu that was made or Rose wine and some type of blueberry vodka that was just absolutely divine! Omg this place is soooo yummy and the service was the definition of impeccable we will definitely be going back to LAVO with all our friends on our next Vegas trip!
4	*Restaurant review only*Definitely not the best pasta and dessert I've had.  I think I've had more enjoyable food at Olive Garden!  But I'm giving it four stars for their outdoor patio.  It has an amazing view of the Strip and probably the best view on that end of Las Vegas Blvd. since Social House (which moved to Crystals at City Center).  Try and get a seat out here on a warm night.  Such great ambiance and fun music playing, and you might even get to see the pirate show across the street at TI, which, as cheesy as it is, I kind of like hehe :)  I would come back here alone for the outdoor seating.  I would just make sure to order something else.  I had their Rigatoni Melanzana.  It sounded and looked plain (aka safe) enough in pictures so I decided to get it.  It had some funky taste to it though and I did not like it at all.  My dining companion had the Penna Alla Vodka which I got to try a little bit of and I definitely liked it better.  For dessert we had their tiramisu which I wasn't crazy about.  I've definitely had better.  I wish I had known about their fried oreos!  It wasn't on their menu and the server made no mention of some of the desserts I've read about in their reviews.  If I come back I'll ask if there are any off-menu dessert specials.  What was good though was the complimentary bread and dipping sauce that came with our meal - delicious!!  I also enjoyed my cocktail too, their Uva Bianco aka "grape drank" haha.  I'd come back for those things and their amazing outdoor patio.  It was busy on the Sunday night we were there for our late 10pm dinner so make reservations if you come here.  Definitely a "see and be seen" kind of place so come looking your spiffiest!
4	As a club, I like it.  A lot.Yeah, it's small.  There's no floors upon floors of dance floors, but it does enough to give everybody a good time.Not only is the bottle service affordable, if you don't finish what you have -- you can take it back to your room.As for the music?  Awesome.  We were fortunate enough to see Lupe Fiasco doing his own set... and I was like whattt?  Lupe Fiasco?!  He DJs?!  He does, and he's not bad at all.Good crowds of people too.  As soon as I sat down, folks at the other table were talking to me.But once the music started playing I got crazy.  I even got up on the table wall thingies and literally freaked every girl on them.  I quickly went down after first glimpse of seeing a bouncer tell someone to get off... but as soon as he was gone, it was back to the top! I literally did that all night.  Yes, I was still recovering from my 4-foot Fat Tuesday, but Lavo was just a smackin good time.Drinks are the $15 you'd expect in Vegas, but screw it I had bottle service.I even danced with our bottle service host.  She was a looker too.
5	Oh Lavo how I love thee!  We went here last Saturday night for a bachelorette party. Had a late night reservation for 8 at 945. Got there, we were like 10 mins early, sat at the bar, chatted it up with the lovely Christian, got some drinks and bing right on time our reservation is ready. Hot damn!We sit down, have a lovely waitress who is all smiles and is aiming to please [remind you she's female we are all female and she was still super duper nice]. We order, get more drinks, say hi to the manager who looks like superman, bread and appies arrive-LIFE IS GOOD.Ok garlic bread [yes you are probably going to make out with some random later, so bring gum] b/c this bread is worth it!  Kobe stuffed RICE BALLS- there is a god.  These things are FREAKING amazing-like foodgasm good, calamari yummie, and flatbread pizza also very good.I ordered a tomato and mozzarella salad, this thing is huge [that's what she said], so share it.  IT was again way too much food. My other friend and I split Kobe meatballs and spaghetti, well that was so amazing, she's eaten meatballs everyday since just to try and pretend they were the same.  My other girlfriend who weighs about 100 lbs soaking wet got Eggplant Parmigiana. OK dude she was going to make out with it at the table, she said and I quote 'the is the best eggplant Parmigiana I have ever had IN MY LIFE" she said it like 5 times so I'm fairly confident she meant it. She was also devising ways in which she could take the rest of it home, stick it in her going out bag, and eat it after we went to the club. She was distraught, to say the least, that she was not able to bring it with her for later.We finish eating and literally roll our happy asses upstairs; whereby, we are escorted to our table and are assigned a wonderfully nice man by the name of Tony who is our security guard for the night. Tony is a miracle worker, basically he boots bad men away from you [A+] and when you have to use the ladies, he escorts you every time himself, flashlight in toe and hand delivers you to the restroom. THEN, bless his heart, waits for you and escorts you back so you don't have to deal w/ shoving people out of your way. OH WHAT A LOVELY CONCEPT!We had an A+ time here seriously, service was impeccable, price was right, and we all can't wait to do round 2!
2	First the review of the restaurant:  I would actually have given the restaurant 4 stars, but since this is a combined review of the restaurant & club, and the club I will give zero stars, that averages out to a 2.    The food was delicious.  No complaints about that.  The garlic bread to begin with was great.  Their caprese salad had great fresh mozzarella which I love.  I have to say their flat bread pizza was just ok, nothing special, but it's the cheapest thing on the menu and definitely filling.  We ordered a pitcher of white sangria, which was good, but kinda expensive ($70/pitcher).  Overall everything about LAVO the restaurant was nice including the decor, the service & the food.Now the review of the club:  Worst club I've ever seen in Vegas!  We went here for free after eating at the LAVO restaurant.  It was about 11:30pm when we got into the club.  YUCK!!!  First of all it was TINY!!  Seriously, the smallest club I've EVER seen.  And then it was SUPER packed with really gross people I might add.  It was almost impossible to dance on the dance floor and we didn't even try getting a drink.  The bar was insane.  We spent 5 minutes here and then I couldn't stand it anymore!  Awful place, I hope you will avoid it after reading my review.  Go to XS or Marquee!!!!  After leaving LAVO (this was on a Sunday night), we asked one of the female employees at the exit where she would suggest going, and she said XS.
2	I love this hotel; I just wish it had a better club inside of it.This club is way too small. There is no where to stand! While I understand that it helps force people to dance, it really sucks when you are not feeling the music. The DJ was spinning old school hip hop...but it wasn't old school good hip hop, it was bad hip hop. Yes the crowd was older so he was playing to the crowd but unfortunately his selection in music was very poor.
3	Trendy and loud.  We celebrated my bf's birthday there last night.  Our first seating was of the type of small tables set along a bench.  We were wedged in between a large corner both and another small table. The music was so loud we could barely hear each other.  My bf asked if we could move and we were immediately reseated with a smile, no attitude. Our new table was a lot better. My bf had the seared grilled tuna with with artichoke hearts & lovedit.  I had the 8 oz filet and it was good, nothing outstanding though. Keeping in mind this is an Italian restaurant but it seemed the focus was not on Italian food.  This could of influenced our food choices, trying to be fair.  We split a caprese type salad and it was excellent.  The service was friendly and very attentive.  We had several servers attending to us which was excellent except it made the dining experience less formal and we had quite a few interruptions.
3	Everyone said to go to LAVO on Sunday's because it's usually packed. Yeah, it's packed alright! My friends and I received FREE admission because we were staying at the Venetian. It was nicely decorated. But the place was too small. There were FREE drinks for females until 11pm, which is great. You have to tip the bartenders so they keep coming back to serve you. A couple steps down is the dance floor. Trust me, this place is very, very, very small. It was packed with people when I went and maybe that's because of the small venue. It was really hard to dance and have fun with people next to you, at least shoulder apart.If you're looking for a bigger dance floor with multiple bars, try going to TAO, XS, Marquee, etc.
2	Note: this is a critique of the night club, not the restaurant.I have quite an indifferent feeling about this club. I like this club as much as I don't like it.  For one, I'll begin by saying that the liquor portions aren't so bad. For about $14, you get a decent sized cup with friendly portions of alcohol rather than ice and juice(s). Remember to tip the bartender because if you don't he or she will barely pay any attention to you in future requests. The crowd was quite diverse and dead. Doesn't matter how small a dance floor is, you come to the club and you better break a sweat. I felt like my girlfriend and I were the only ones dancing while everyone else was wiggling their shoulders and shaking their heads. I would like to tell all club goers to learn how to dance whether it be independent or with a girl/guy. It doesn't even matter if you look stupid just enjoy yourself at least. The music was quite decent. The opening DJ to Chuckie played some good electronica and it wasn't too repetitive like typical house music.Overall, I would not plan go to this club unless there's a very sick DJ, friends, and/or free admittance. It kind of amazes me that they would consider this place a club considering how small it is. If they hit capacity+, I know people would be deprived of clean oxygen. Also due to being only indoor. For a very nice hotel, this is one crappy club. If I were most of you, I would take a walk across the street over to XS or Surrender.
4	came to the restaurant for dinner on a saturday night (after a rager of a wedding at the little white chapel). we had reservations for 11pm and the restaurant was pretty much empty. i tried the following:*crispy fried calamari ($17) - it was good, but probably not worth the $17.*penne seafood alfredo w/ shrimp & scallops ($31) - YUM. gobbled this thing up. hard to go wrong with alfredo sauce & shrimp but still it was a solid entree.*french fries w/ truffle ($10) - truffle fries are always good - these were no exception.everything was great. could have been because i had partied beforehand but i thought it was a good, reasonably priced dinner spot.
4	This is for the lounge: came here during New Years' 2012 holiday weekend, and entered the lounge via the guest list. It was free for ladies and open bar until 11:30 pm!! The music was good and we had a blast! We got stamped and had wristbands that allowed us to go to Tao after 12:30 pm. The entire night was awesome because we only had to mobilize from one property to another. We didn't have to wait in any major lines and the promoters took care of us. The icing on the cake: being able to walk to the Grand luxe cafe for drunk people dining. It's a ritual for us when in Vegas!!
5	Wow I do think I can say one bad thing about lavo... Actually I lost my ID here because I was soo wasted... HahahahahSo the night started with some bottle service that our promoter comped for us! It wasn't the cheap stuff it was gray goose! After we had a few, we went up to the club and say in the vip area with all my girls! Ladies pls don't bring men with you in you want to be taken care of! Hahaha5 stars for lavo!
3	Six of us came here for dinner on a guys trip. Problems started right away as they could not find our reservation. It took 10 minutes before they finally agreed to seat us, and they put us outside in the heat which is not what we asked for. We ordered our entrees and drinks. I finished my pepsi and asked for another, but they wanted to charge me for another drink. Seriously? We spent over $500 here for dinner and you want to nickel and dime me for a pepsi? I hate it when places do that.The food finally came and it was just so-so. I had the penne seafood alfredo and it was nothing special at all. I was disappointed and expected more since Tao is so amazing. The service was okay. I wish we had chosen another place for dinner that night.
1	This review is for the nightclub.This is just another club with roided out bouncers who push people around for show and aren't expected to defend their actions. They are rude, unreasonable, and stupid. They were constantly rousting everyone in the bathroom line to scoot over an inch like it was the biggest deal in the world. I'd be somewhat willing to put up with that at a big club, but Lavo is TINY. It would be much better suited as a lounge, and  would still be small for even that. There was no room on the little dance floor, and everyone kept getting stepped and spilled on. A basic, small rum and coke was $13...do not come here sober.Only come here as a back up plan, and do anything you can to not pay cover because it is NOT worth it. You're better off taking that money to roulette.
2	We came here for the open bar. Except we only got 2 drinks because there were so many people fighting for the bartenders attention. It took around 20 minutes to get drinks. Only 1 person working at the side bar? I don't even know what the management was expecting. Lavo is very small. The dance floor is small, so many areas are roped off for VIP. The rest of the areas are pretty tiny too, but I guess that's okay because it forces me to stand closer to my friends and thus, less yelling at each other over the loud music. Music is mostly Top 40, quite a difference from the EDM clubs of Vegas. I was surprised when hip hop came on and people got down and dirty. It's hard to grind when you're jumping up and down, fist pumping to house. One word can describe this club: Meh. Come if you have nothing else to do and you want to kill some time before going to the other clubs.
3	We decide to check the place out as we were staying at the Venetian. The special was a 34 oz piece of meat (OMG! for a vegetarian I almost passed out) they suggest you share it, yeah with like 6 people!!! Anyway, the food was very good, I had the vegetarian spaghetti.  The bread was super yummy, the cocktails good, they have outside seating which we wished we had taken advantage of because the HORRIBLE, earth shaking, DJ spun Techno music was unbearable. I sat on the booth/bench side of the table with my back to the bar - the seat shook the whole time - I guess it saved me a quarter for a vibrating bed, but shoot we were having dinner not clubbing!
5	For dinner:I've been here 3 times and was impressed each time.  Great food.  Reasonable prices.  The servings are huge, so you definitely can split an entree.  We sat on the outdoor patio at dusk last time we were there, which was a great spot.  Definitely a great place for an intimate dinner or for groups.  The service is great too.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended.
1	$1350 for bottle service.  Terrible.  We had a table, but they don't have a really defined area, so people were milling into our area.  They just put up ropes, which people move.  We basically kept getting shoved into our table.  Not good.  And a fight broke out.  Classy.  Is was SO crowded (even the staff was complaining)...it took forever to even walk to the door because of the mass amount of people.  I'm sure it was a fire hazard.  It was claustrophobic and awful.  The place is small, so you'd think they'd limit the number of people allowed in.  But no.  We were sardines...that paid $1350.  Avoid avoid avoid.
5	You just gotta. Because if you  do, you will be happy that you did. Not for the stupid foam they release from the got damn ceiling--but I did like the confetti. You'll be happy that you did, because as your poor little feet throb and endure numbness, you will look up at that disco ball and think, "Got dammit. I'm in Vegas. I'm young. I'm funkin hot. And I'll sleep when I'm dead."
1	Bunch of old guysReally small clubThey open at 10:30 for the record not 10:28 (those were the kind of comments some of the door men were saying)Overpriced for a club that will be closed by 2013 for sureToo many other options in Vegas to settle for this place
4	Went here with a group of fellas for a Bachelor party dinner and night club experience.  We ordered a meatballs appetizer as well as garlic bread.  The meatball was fantastic and the garlic bread was also very tasty.  My entree was the crispy chicken which was weird because I was expecting it to be like a fried chicken plate but was pleasantly surprised to see it was grilled.  It came with potatoes and was very good.  They gave a pretty generous helping of chicken.  There weren't a ton of potatoes that came with it, but after finishing my entree I felt full and content.  No room for dessert, so I can't comment on their dessert offerings.  The price is high, but not too crazy for the ambiance and the portion sizes.  I was expecting to get less food than I did, but was pleasantly surprised.The nightclub was a little small, but it was a fun time.  Apparently Jerry Rice was there, but I was too busy getting shot down by every woman on the face of the planet to notice that.
5	Delicious Italian! We order the same meal each time we go: shrimp cocktail for an app with the complimentary garlic bread, then for your entree get the meatball with ricotta appetizer (one HUGE meatball) and an order of spaghetti with tomato and basil sauce. Do this instead of ordering spaghetti and meatballs - better deal. Then, save room for dessert and get the Oreo Zeppole, 6 fried Oreos that you dip in a vanilla milkshake. It's sinful but oh so amazing and you will be craving that meal until your next trip to Vegas! My only complaint is the really loud, bumping music. Take it down a notch!
3	The place was way too crowded for my liking. The food wasn't anything special, especially for the prices they are charging.The service was very good although I was with a large private party and we were being catered to.
4	LMFAO made a surprise visit with their entourage! Love their "outta control" fashion! It is a bit small but was fun! Too much foam...makes the floors so slippery and it's hard to dance. Horrible incident happened but security acted on it quick! Ths guy was trying to dance with all us girls. My friend who told him to leave us alone got stomped on her foot by him and his boot! Green giant monster ran away, we could not find him. I flashed my iPhone on her foot because I saw something black...it was blood! That terrible man, busted her pinky toe wide open. Security took her back to their paramedic team ( yes they have their own paramedics!!) and stitched her up. Unbelievable night. I am a big time hand washer, so YOU know I was walking down the entrance and io lavarsi le mani nel lavandinos!!! love it!Grazie mile! Party Rock!
1	We went on a Sunday night and we ordered a few bottles for bottle service. The club was pretty small and stuffy. Our cocktail server was supposed to stay with our group and pour drinks for us the whole night, but instead left and came back and forth. We were paying a lot of money, and it would be nice to have the server at least stay at our table and keep pouring our drinks.  It wasn't that busy for her to be gone majority of the time.
3	I really like Lavo (as a nightclub)! Have yet to have a meal here though, so this review is for the nightclub only. Space-wise it can get pretty cramped because it's a bit on the smaller side, but nowhere near as uncomfortably packed as Tao. Dance floor is pretty tiny, but honestly, I didn't notice it until the place had mostly cleared out and I got a good look around. They play hip-hop and a lot of old songs, but old in a way that makes you go "oh man, I haven't heard this song in a while, but  it's still awesome," which I think is a nice change of pace from all the clubs that play almost exclusively house music.Lavo is probably a 3.5 in my book, though I have to admit, part of the reason for that is because we had open bar, courtesy of our wonderful promoter (who also got our guys in for free!) There's a main bar area, but we got all our drinks from the side bar, which was super crowded and only had one bartender working there. But he was a really adorable and sweet bartender, so no complaints.tl;dr: Everyone in my group had a fairly fun time. Would definitely come back-- especially if we're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo!
3	Have been for late dinner, and happy hour appetizers.  Both good, but only good.  Which is good!!  Italian is top quality for Las Vegas, but with a club inside the restaurant it becomes tough to take serious as a top quality restaurant.  The appetizers are great, cocktails are decent. If you want Vegas flare, it is one of the top places that cater to people who need both liquid and solid.  Definitely worthy!
4	Had a really good experience on a Wednesday night at both the restaurant and the club. It was a nice night, so we sat on the patio which is a very nice spot.  Has the potential to get crowded quickly.  Started off with the Meatball with whipped ricotta. Ive definitely had better Kobe meat balls (Sorellina in Boston). If I eat there again, I will not order the meat ball. I had Chilean Sea Bass and it was a very good dish with very bright flavors and cooked perfectly. Our server was excellent. I believe his name was Arthur.   This is not my favorite place in Vegas but it was an overall good experience. My biggest gripe was how much hell the staff gives you about going up to the night club after you've paid Vegas prices to eat there. The bouncers are the worst, unnecessarily rude and on some stupid power trip.  Once in the club, we found a good spot right at the bar, closest to the dance floor.  this is a very small club, but they were playing awesome music.
4	Great service, great food, great view (Treasure Island pirate show).  We go to vegas to dine and we found this restaurant to be a gem.  It is in the Palazzo (connected to the Venetian), and I would say the pizza and pasta is a must.  We went with our 2 small daughters, and the wait staff and server made them feel at home.  Thank you!!!!!
5	went back to the club and the restaurant as well. The VIP host "Robert C" was very good, he hooked us up with a great dancefloor table next to some very pretty girls. That was a good night. I love this club, its all about having a good time unlike other clubs where its all about trying to show off how much money you can burn through in a night. Music is always great, favorite is the DJ Vice Sundays but the La Freak Friday party was fun as well. Also had dinner here. The Kobe meatball was amazing. Huge, ate it later, would want to try it with ricotta...also loved the eggplant, fresh mozerella and rigatoni....al dente...the complimentary garlic bread and tomato sauce was awesome. the only complaint was on the tuna tartare the olive on the side made it a little salty, but then again I'm not really big on tuna tartare to begin with. Service was really great, our waitress really was helpful.
4	TINY little club located above the beautiful Lavo restaurant. The nightclub has definitely lost some of it's luster over the years, but I still find myself coming in for several reasons.1. Free entry and OPEN BAR for girls2. They pour pretty heavy here, which means....lot's of free booze for the girls. 3. Really sweet bartenders (PAUL: You're awesome!)4. Open on Sunday nightsYes, this place isn't nearly as nice as XS or even it's sister venue, Tao, but it's pretty low key (so you don't have to wait in line FOREVER). It's a great place to start your night :D
4	We came to get into the nightclub on a friday night, before midnight. - VCard gets you in right away! 30+ people in line, and we get in like a boss.- Sink entrance fail. lol. reminds me of home depot! I guarantee you will wash your hands xD.- Girls tickling each other with large white feathers. o___O!- Mouth picture decor. (- O -)- Get on the dance floor right away! 20 mins into the club, you'll be right in the center, dancing!- "YALL go make me lose ma mind! and MOVE B-TCH" DMX and Luda not good.- Human Sardine!- Seating okay! After bumping elbows and spilled drinks on the shirt, relax next to AC + a leather couch :)- Stay for an hour or so. Grab a flash stick. Continue the night elsewhere. Too much sweat on sweat.
3	I went to the nightclub not the restaurant but I saw the restaurant part and it was gorgeous. The club is pretty small it was just a dance floor in the middle and a big bar off to the side with space to dance around. It was ok I wouldn't recommend it as one of the "go to" clubs in Vegas. I would have much rather gone somewhere else. We got there after 12 and the list was closed ladies had to pay $10 and men $20. I was against it since I'm from Miami and I refuse to pay to get into a club but we were the tourists this time.
3	Lavo is an ok night club. It's a pretty small venue compared to some of the other clubs in Vegas but it's still relatively nice. There is definitely a much shorter wait here than most other clubs. I feel like the crowd here attracts less college students (I prefer the college age crowd since well, I'm in college). I feel like this club doesn't give you the same epic clubbing in vegas experience as some of the larger clubs do though. but why do I still go? Short lines, sometimes the guys will get in free/cheap and they often have open bar for girls! It's not a bad place to start out your night, if you're not feeling it you can always hop over to another club after getting some free drinks. Oh, also because this place usually plays hip hop, or all the times I've been here anyways. Usually when I go the people I'm with aren't as into edm so we opt for clubs that play more hip hop. Although I wouldn't mind the edm, we go with the group majority :I
5	Located in The Palazzo Hotel Casino, this is the nightclub part of this place, the restaurant is downstairs. For a nightclub the room is fairly bright (That's a good thing in my book). The servers have no attitude (also a good thing in my book). Also a word about the Palazzo, they are very good to the community, much better than some of the other strip casinos (A very good thing in my book). I should also mention that the drinks are very good as well. It is worth stopping by for a drink or three, an all around fun place.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Food was good with a lot of selections.  I was here twice and noticed the portions of food was more when eating at the "restaurant" section than eating at the "bar" section.  Waiters were friendly.Since both time that I came was on the weekend and during dinner time, the atmosphere was dark (as if getting ready for a club) but was very noisy.  Eating outside would be better if you prefer the Las Vegas Blvd view; plus Treasure Island music and the occassional show.  I would recommend checking LV weather before deciding to sit outside.One gripe I had was the additional waiting.  I still have to wait ANOTHER 30min even though I made a reservation.  However, reservation is still recommended; unless you come at and off-peak time or if the bar section has available seating.  Since I was a party of two, I felt they made us wait until a "table for two" was available and you felt cramp sitting next to other guests.  The worst part is seeing bigger groups of people just walk in and and grab seats before you.
3	I have such mixed feelings about my recent visit to LAVO this past Friday night. We had such a blast the last time we were here. Since we were staying at Palazzo again, we figured we'd come back again. I contacted the same promoter from last time and we were able to get in free again, open bar. We met some really cool English guys and hung out at their table. Apparently, it was LAVO's owner's birthday celebration that night so he was so generous and gave every table Crystal champagne. Yep, Crystal baby! I don't usually drink (yes, you heard me) but I wasn't gonna pass up this opportunity. Man, that was good champagne! Then 30min later, they brought out Patron Silver for every table too! Now here's the disappointment. We had a guy friend in our group. I don't know the exact story but he was kicked out by security. They accused him of being too drunk and harrassing other girls. He's gay! Are you serious?! Our assumption is they were discriminating cuz he's gay. He did drink but was not intoxicated and acting inappropriately. They even confiscated his wallet. We left the club, obviously, and spent an hour talking to the head of security to get his wallet back. Of course, they denied their security in the club would do such a thing, but we didn't make it up. Finally, they 'found' his wallet and said it was in lost and found. Sorry, but that's BS. I don't know if we'll come back next time. This incident definitely ruined the night.
4	Best meatballs I've ever had. Should have written this review earlier. Basically, we had a party of 10 and we tried a variety of appetizers and entrees. Everything turned out amazing and our drinks were super delicious as well!It was a great pick for our last night in vegas. :)
3	Small small club for Las Vegas standards. We had table service so I can't speak for the bar service. Overall it was not the level that Vegas usually is when it comes to table service. We still had a great time. But if I did not have a table I would not come back. There were no standing room and the dance floor was packed!
3	I am torn. We didn't come here for the club, just for dinner. I felt like the italian dishes were probably "meh" and nothing special but... if I could sum it up, high roller, big baller:  I hope you like balls. Don't leave here without putting some balls in your mouth.GET THE MEATBALL. Get the meatball. Get one. Get two. Get more. But really, taste the meatballs, because it's really what you should come to LAVO for. Jokes aside. I had intense ordering regret when I had one taste of my friend's meatball (hah, hah).  Because I didn't order one, and so all I could think about while I ate my so-so bolognese was... I want more of his meatball! We were seated outside on the balcony facing the Treasure Island show. Our waiter was hilarious- he claimed to be able to perform the whole thing, and I called him on it, so he lip synced perfectly to most of it. The drinks were good. Overall message: get the balls.
4	Reviewing the restaurant, not the club - Came here on a Friday night with my 6 buddies. We have a 7:30 reservation and were sat immediately. It was a nice night so we chose to sit outside. Ended up being a good call because it offers a pretty cool view of the strip. We even got to catch some fireworks from the pirate show over at Treasure Island.Anyway - our waitress was great. She recommended a bottle of Pinot Noir which turned out to be very good wine. We had heard that the meatballs were their specialty, so we ordered 3 of them for the table. Wow, just like everyone else has said, it was incredible, and the 7 of us housed them in about 2 minutes. For my entree I had the Chicken Marsala, which I enjoyed but it was nothing to write home about (kind of a standard dish I suppose, though). For dessert we shared the fried oreos. Didn't see much talk of these in the reviews, but oh my god you have to order those as well. Overall a really enjoyable experience and I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Sister's 21st bday in Vegas so i looked for the hot spot to take her to dinner and she said italian so LAVO popped up first. Made reservations on a Saturday night and we were seated right away when we arrived. Nice decor, dark and very loud music just a hip modern atmosphere to get our night started. Our server was prompt and we started with drinks, now don't ask me to name them off their cocktail list I cant remember the weird italian names but they were good. Unfortunately later on the music was so loud my server heard something completely different and brought the wrong drink but it was good and drinkable, she even offered to comp it and bring the correct one but I didn't mind. For appetizers we ordered the oysters and the evenings  special squash blossoms, they arrived quickly and before that we ate some of their delicious garlic read so yummy! The oysters were delicious and fresh but when they came out we thought they were trying to jip us since there were 3 large and 3 extra small so we brought it to our servers attention and she informed us they were different types of oysters ooooooh.... ok we get it now but I dont remember that description in the menu. The squash blossoms were disappointing, heavily deep fried and bland, when i heard it was drizzled with honey truffle I thought they would be amazing but i wouldn't recommend them. For our entrees I asked our server which was more popular the penne with seafood or spaghetti carbonara...she picked the spaghetti and man it was incredible! Highly recommend this dish, cannot get it out of my mind my mouth salivates thinking about it. My sister had the shrimp linguine special which was ok not as flavorful as the carbonara, my friend ordered the seabass which I thought for the price, I've had much better for much less. Should have tried the meatballs that everyone talks about, in my reservation i wrote celebrating my sisters birthday and again in front of our server said " lets start with the birthday girl!" so I was disappointed when we did not receive the bday dessert I've read about and maybe I should directly asked but I didn't want to be annoying. Enjoyed our evening never rushed like at Tao and service from hostess to server was good also.
5	My friends and I ended up at the nightclub on Wednesday and really enjoyed ourselves.  Yes, the dance flood is small, but a lot of the clubs where I am from are similar. We ate here on Thursday, 9/20 and LOVED it!  I had the salmon and couldn't believe how delicious everything was.  I had read a bunch of reviews on here before we left for Vegas and almost changed my mind on eating here, but I'm certainly glad I didn't.  The restaurant was a little loud, but the food and the scenery made up for it.
3	Not quite the A-List crowd like the one in NYC, but it did the job.Nice looking venue (but what venue ISN'T nice looking in Vegas?), though not quite as impressive as TAO (that room is just incredible looking, but with a shitty crowd.)The girls were very drunk and very friendly, though I must admit not so to every guy. LOLI couldnt tell you anything about the restaurant, but the drink prices were quite reasonable compared to Manhattan.
5	This review is solely based on my experience with the restaurant. I had the meatball with ricotta cheese and it was absolutely heaven and I had some calamari which was super delicious. For dinner, I had the filet with the chimichurri sauce and spinach which went above and beyond my expectations. Also, the salmon is spectacular and the fried oreos are a must. I was extremely pleased with this meal and pleasantly surprised to see how well priced things were-- especially compared to other restaurants in Vegas that don't come close favor-wise. I'm giving it 5 stars because the food was delicious and our waiter was so nice and patient with our rather large party. I will definitely be coming back here any time I'm in Vegas.
3	This review is about the dining experience- all I can say is, the meatball is so good that it pretty much made up for the completely distant, inattentive service that I received at dinner last Saturday.What also helped was the perfect weather on the terrace over-looking the Strip.  So fun!(I have eaten inside of the restaurant before, but it wasn't nearly as interesting.)
1	Restaurant: two stars.  Good steak, dry pasta.  Service was fast.  We had our meal within 5 minutes of ordering.  I am pretty sure they had it cooked in advance, which probably explains why the pasta was little dried out instead of fresh.  Club: zero stars.  This club is tiny.  They don't actually have tables.  If you pay $350 for bottle service, then you get four seats on a couch with a very small nightstand on the floor in front of you.  If you don't "buy" a seat, forget sitting at the bar.  It only has room for the first 5 people to arrive.  The only place we visited with worse service and attitude was Marquee.  There are other clubs far superior.  The night I was there, the crowd did not impress, either.  Boys sitting on one side of the room, girls on the other, very little chemistry.
2	Classy looking place, but the food quality wasn't that good. If you're going to charge $30+ for your entrees, at least have them taste really good. Everything we ordered was over-salted. Probably the saltiest food I've had in a restaurant ever. When we told the waitress that, she didn't really pay any mind. We noticed that the same sauces and breadcrumbs were used in the apps and the entrees. At least be a little original with your dishes. I think any other restaurant would care more, but since this is Vegas, they can charge top dollar for average food. The crowds will keep coming in I guess.
1	Extremely RUDE and OFFENSIVE place!  I went last week with friends for a drink And dance. As we were ready to leave, one security guy stopped us and asked for my ID. I showed it to him. He looked at it and didn't say anything and threw us our from the back door. He even put a cross on my wrist! We complained to the manager at the door, who agreed that we weren't making any trouble or drunk but he couldnt explain his staff's behavior. However the manager did not apologize to us. DO NOT GO to this club unless you are ready to be treated like crap!
2	Disclaimer: I am only reviewing the nightclub portion of Lavo. There is also a restaurant on the bottom floor that looks trendy, but I've never eaten there.I went to Lavo on a Tuesday night several months ago. I was told I was on the guestlist, and when I told one of the bouncers, he put me in a line with everyone else. Turns out that they just put general admission and guest list people in the same line. Then the guy with the clip board told me I was not on the list.I ended up paying to get in. I was frustrated at everything (I'm a local) but I kept my cool because I was on date.The drinks were expensive (bad place to bring a date) but the music was good. The dance floor was busy but it was possible to dance, unlike other night clubs. Then again, it was a Tuesday. On Friday and Saturday, I could see this place getting way to crowded, as this is a very tiny night club.
3	Came here for dinner to check out what all the rave was about their kobe meatballs. The dining experience was not great nor bad.  It was ok. We ordered their kobe meatball to start, literally it was a size of a grapefruit. Was ok, not the best. I had the chilean seabass, which was divine and silky....highly recommend. And the hubby had the seafood pasta, which again was just ok. We checked out the nightclub upstairs and it was entertaining/fun.
3	Short Review:This is for the night club not the restaurant- One of the smallest clubs I have ever been to in Vegas- Lively crowd it's usually PACKED (probably due to the size) and the music is okayFor people who are familiar with downtown San Jose this place is kind of like The Loft.  It's an upstairs club the decor is much nicer (comes with LED lights etc.) but overall pretty small compared to the rest of the clubs in Vegas.
2	The review is for a restaurant, although, frankly, I'm confused why you'd combine an Italian restaurant that serves very comfort-food dishes with a night club. It's not like you can dance to the techno as you're eating. So what do you do during the dinner portion of the dinner? Stare awkwardly at your party because you can't really talk. The food is fine, although a bit too salty, and expensive. But the atmosphere makes the place rather unbearable.
4	This review will be for both the restaurant and the nightclub, since we did both. I was in town last weekend for a stagette and this is where we went on Saturday night. We arrived at the restaurant around 7:45p and were seated right away. We had originally made our reservation for 8:30p, but they somehow lost it and when we called to confirm, (after kind of a lot of hassle) we were told that the only time they could seat us would be 7:45p. No big deal, we were already ready to go out, so we took the earlier time and away we went. After we were seated, our waiter came over immediately to give us a rundown of the menu and he brought us probably the most delicious garlic bread I've ever had. We tore through the bread in a matter of minutes and proceeded to order the beef carpacciao, a meatball appetizer (literally, the size of a softball), rigatoni bolognese, grilled branzino, spaghetti w/more meatballs, and a seafood pasta. Everything was delicious, and I can see why they're famous for their meatballs. SO GOOD. We had a bottle of wine with the appetizers, individual glasses of wine with dinner, and two rounds of after dinner drinks. No dessert. Total bill for 4 ladies = $442.50. Not bad considering we sat there for over 3 hours eating and drinking. They even threw in a shot of tequila for the bachelorette!After dinner (around 11p), we headed upstairs to the club/lounge. We were escorted up by our waiter and given VIP wristbands. We walked inside and were immediately greeted by some really fun 70's disco/Michael Jackson mash-ups. The bar area was packed and drinks were a bit expensive, but whatever. The decor is gorgeous, all Tuscan style and really cozy. The ladies room was uncrowded, unfussy and dimly lit, with a really nice bathroom attendant, which I appreciate when I've got wet hands and I'm trying to manage my clutch, my drink, and fumble around trying to get some hand towels. I found this place to be more like a lounge rather than a massive annoying Vegas club. We danced for a few hours then left in search of pizza. All-in-all, a really great experience at both places and a super fun night. I will definitely go back, and I would have given 5 stars had they not screwed up our reservation.
5	Lavo nightclub is the spot on Sundays. especially when there's VICE. Cant get any better. free cover for guys and girls on gl, girls have open bar until midnight. confetti, glow sticks, foam, great music, madness!total cost spent between my friends and I: $11 (tipping for drinks).
5	Delicious food and a great outside seating area overlooking the strip.Garlic bread was some of the best I've ever had. My date had veal parmesan that was so incredibly good. I've never had veal parmesan before so idk what to compare it to but I am now a fan. At least of theirs. I was jealous that I didn't order it. I had the kobe meatball with ricatta and that thing was the size of a baseball. It was seasoned very well and was very flavorful. I had it for leftovers the next couple days. Very hip/trendy restaurant with a young people vibe although I did see some oldies there. Nothing wrong with that but it is also a nightclub upstairs so I guess that explains the typical crowd this place draws.
4	Great lounge. Flatbread pizza tremendous.
4	AMAZING Food! AMAZING WAITERS! We were with a HUGE party like 100+ people and it was the best time i've ever had in a fancy restaurant. Food was soooooo good I can't even begin. The waiters were all A:so cute b: so nice c:soo funny. We were playing games at our table with them and they totally just played along. I didn't have to pay for this meal so price didn't matter to me, but for a NICE begas restaurant the prices didn't seem to bad!
5	Fantastic  Food. Service was perfect. Very fast & friendly.  Totally worth the price.
4	Dined here on a Thursday evening as a walk-in, before the club filled in. Sat outdoors which was pleasant and scenic. Oyster sampler for appetizer - super fresh and sweet. Spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs for entree... the best meatballs I've ever had. The table shared a warm banana and chocolate pudding and a strawberry ricotta cheesecake... both of which were incredible. Service was extremely slow, especially the long waits for dishes to be cleared and for the payment to be processed. But it's Vegas and I was relaxed so not a huge deal. Would absolutely dine there again, and without question I would order any dish that featured Lavo's meatballs.
5	WOW! One for the books! Talk about TURNT THE FACK UP! rolled to Lavo on Sunday for VICE Sundays with about 30+ of my friends. The guys did bottle service and the girls were taken care of through gl with open bar till 12:30am. (Thanks Tristan for ALWAYS getting my back on entrance) I thought LAVO for hallowen weekend was wild but this past Sunday Vice KILLED IT AGAIN ON THE TABLES! He is by far one of my favorite multi-genre dj. I was jiggin with my team like no other! about 1/3 of the team stayed till the CLUB CLOSED. Literally Dj Vice was playin slaps till they turned the lights on!This night in particular was the most crowded i've seen it and I've been here at least 4-5 times. There was a mustache party nd the winner came out with $3000! Not bad.NOTE: I've never been here other than Sundays, but if you want the time of your life, hit up Lavo on Sunday when DJ Vice is djing.Total spent: $Free.99
5	My wife and I had dinner here for the first time and let me tell you something; Service - excellent Food - excellent What else is there, this is all you need at a restaurant.
5	Went here for a bachelorette party for both dinner and then the club upstairs.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal and the garlic bread was out of this world.  It comes out nice and hot and wrapped in aluminum foil.From what i can remember, we all had a great time at the club as well.Would love to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
1	The club might be awesome but restaurant is a different story. The food was very disappointing, and the hostess even worst. She wouldn't seat our party (we had made reservations the day before) until the rest of the group showed up. What kind of a place makes you stand to wait?!
2	Cons: Price (garlic bread is 6 dollars), small portions, poor service. We had a 9:30pm reservation for dinner (group of 4) - we didn't get seated until well after 10pm with no apologizes. Pros: Good food, nice place.Overall: the food is good but not really worth the poor service, high prices, and long wait times, especially when there are so many other great restaurants around.
3	Great place for youngsters!  we be clubbing :)
4	We got hooked up with a promoter on a Wednesday night who got us free bottle service (until the table was sold, which didn't happen), except we had to share with another group of girls. And the tables are TINY, so... it got pretty crowded. Anyways, open bar till 12:30AM, then bottle service with the promoters so it all worked out.There was a convention of some sort so the beginning of the night saw a crowd of older folks, so the DJ catered the music towards them. Once they cleared out, he started spinning more hip hop, which was great cuz hip hop is hard to find in Vegas.The security guard assigned to our table was awesome, really funny and he even escorted my friend to the restroom cuz she didn't know where it was.Watch out for those tricky tables! The glass is sloped at the end so if you place your drink too close to the edge, your drink will end up all over your shoes.The club is quite small (it's the same size as a club in Vancouver! Lame) so it gets pretty packed on the dance floor.A night of highs (free drinks, great music & people) & lows (too many free drinks, people getting kicked out [not me!]), but a great time overall.
5	Lavo's Vice Sunday was easily the best night of the trip for me.  After a long weekend we were all ready to indulge one last time and Lavo provided the perfect atmosphere for that.  We managed to have a table for the entire night, I'm still not sure how bottles kept appearing, but it was a blast.  The music was the perfect balance of old school, hip hop, and current jams.  Lavo tops the list for me because it was laid-back, lacked pretense, and was filled with people genuinely enjoying Sunday Funday in Sin City.
4	Try the chicken marsala! The food was good and the ambiance was nice. I thought it as a bit pricey (but hey, it is vegas), and the service was slow... we had to go to the bar in between drinks to continue getting drinks. We went up to the club afterward which was crowded, but there were lots of cheesy things that happened... shooting streamers, etc. Wasn't a huge fan of that. I'd go back for the food, but prob not to the club.
5	Had the meatball with sausage ragu. It was so amazing. Be warned it is very big, my girlfriend had to save hers for later
4	This was the the for the Las Vegas RNR marathon after party and it definitely didn`t disappoint!! Those of us that had our VIP passes (from the race) skipped the wait in line and got right in. Three levels of Lavo. First one being the bar with cushy seatings and small cozy tables, packed of course. Second level more small tables ( Lavo is an Italian restaurant and night club). Third level, club area-packed, and really small. Kind of hard to walk through but we did have a blast over all!! I kept hearing about their ragu with big balls (as in meatballs) and decided on my next visit to try them, everyone keeps raving about these balls!!
4	This is a review of the NIGHTCLUB portion of the venue.It's a pretty midgety place compared to its Venetian cousin, the Tao Nightclub. Definition wise, it should be considered a Ultra Lounge instead. Very small dance floor, but it does attract a more laid back crowd than Tao. If you are not into Asians, don't come to Lavo or Tao. Because I am definitely not attracted to Asians, and in both my experiences here and Tao, damn Asians are fucking everywhere around me. Be sure to come over early, because the lines do extend past the front doors of the Palazzo casino at around 10:45.
5	The meatball was so amazing.  Food =AmazingService=AmazingIf I had this everyday,  I would never stop having the meatball and the waiters and waitresses are very convincing.
4	This review is for the nightclub which was an experience to say the least. We got two VIP tables with a bottle of vodka comped since we knew one of the club promoters. This came with our own security guard and waitress which both provided great service including lighting up the drink menu with flashlights, taking pictures for us and quickly cleaning up any of the many spilled drinks we had. The only downside to Lavo was how expensive the alcohol was - cheapest bottle was 375 dollars, shots starting at 15. I'll definitely be back for round two at some point.
3	I gave LAVO a terrible review the first time visited, but after this night, it's a pretty nice club (when it's not full). The promoters and bouncers outside were really nice, and dressed beautifully, pocket square and all. The club itself is kind of small, and the dance floor is tiny. LOTS OF GUYS. I was surrounded by guys at one point in the night and I decided to make my escape to the bar area. I won a contest and got a pair of tickets + drinks to see Cosmic Gate play here. Unfortunately, or fortunately, there were a handful of high ranking DJs at the other clubs, so Lavo was a bit empty. The girls and I had a space to sit while we're tired, and didn't need to fight to get the bartender's attention. The free drink tickets kept on coming! Too bad for Cosmic Gate, the dance floor emptied around 2am, and I was able to go up all the way to the booth. Around that time the managers probably got the hint and turned on the lights. Poor CG, I still love you!
4	Nightclub review: Surprisingly not too badVegas during NYE weekend is always a hot mess. We were staying at Palazzo & had a pretty crappy ratio (more guys than girls overall, though last minute, some of the guys decided not to go clubbing & we had an even ratio) so we decided to try our luck at LAVO. Especially because it was FREEZING outside and no one wanted to trek out of the hotel. If you are a guest at the hotel, you can get yourself on the Concierge's guestlist. But honestly, I'm not sure how strict they are with guestlist because the promoter/bouncers didn't even check a list. All they cared about was how many females are in your party. the good:- guys can (potentially) get in free if you have at least a 1:1 ratio. which we did have, but SOME SHIESTY PARTY OF GUYS in front of us absorbed our party and TOOK OUR FREE GUY PASSES. What d-bags. So our guys had to pay $30 each. - we were there for Vice Sunday and the music was REALLY GOOD. Mostly hip hop & the mixes were awesome. - Lines were pretty short around 10:30pm. - they threw out free glowsticks!!! the bad:- dance floor is ridiculously small. packed like sardines. which is serious buzzkill for those of us who likes to dance!
3	This review is for the nightclub, as I didn't eat at the restaurant. I came to Lavo during my trip to Vegas right before Christmas. A promoter stopped my twin and I in the street and invited us to go so we said why not. It was a Sunday and I had no clue what the parties were like on that day, or how the crowds or bouncers would be. But the bouncers were nice and we got right in and headed up to the club. When I hear "nightclub" I think monstrous open space. That would make Lavo a lounge...a pretty small one. We got there at a decent time and it was already pretty full, but an hour later it was just too cramped to enjoy (I'm more of a sexy lounge type of girl). As others noted, the crowd was most definitely Asian. I was there with my sister to have fun so I really didn't care, but people looking to pick up someone (or be picked up) should keep it in mind if they're expecting a more diverse selection. But regardless, I did enjoy myself (without alcohol, I might add) and might check it out again if I was in town. The DJ was pretty awesome that night and I still have my foam glow sticks = )
5	So I hit up Lavo for two weekends in a row, weekend before Xmas and New Years Day. I seriously have NOTHING bad to say about this spot. What is there not to like when its easy for girls to get in for free, guys get in for free if there is a 1:1 ratio as long as the girl is on gl, and girls get open bar until midnight!The weekend before xmas, we went on a Sunday during DJ Vice who ALWAYS kills it on the tables! I love the fact that they always throw out them cool glowsticks, there's confetti or foam that shoots out, and the fog! Whenever theres fog, it just makes the experience better! It wasn't as crowded, but there definitely enough people to make the spot poppin!New Years Day, It was a Tuesday and it was industry night. The line was ridiculously long but we still all managed to get in for free and waited for about 20 minutes? This time around the club was much more crowded than last Sunday I went but it was still a great time. Of course they came back with the glowsticks, foam and they gave us another New Years countdown!! Dj Lema and special guest Dj Chuckie, killed the tables! Before I knew it, I looked and it was 3:30am!Lavo nightclub is the spot to be if you looking for a cross between mega club (xs, marquee) and lounge (ghostbar).Spent: Free.99
1	AWFUL CLUB, terrible service, never met a dumber group of bouncers. Got kicked because the table next to us was being rowdy even though we spent upwards of 700$ on a bottle. Idiot manager couldn't even give us a reason for kicking us out other than "someone in your group was misbehaving" if you saw someone acting stupid in a club, would you kick out the people around them? no. club was DISGUSTING is it that expensive to hire janitors? Also I couldn't believe how prostitute invested the club was, I wasn't aware clubs hired prostitutes to up the ratio of guys to girls, super low if you ask me. Extremely unprofessional staff. Again i can hardly put into words how stupid the bouncers were, met this 17 year old at LAVO who used the jenkiest fake ID to get in and he said he didn't have a problem, him and 3 of his friends had no problem getting into a 21+ VEGAS NIGHTCLUB. I didn't feel like I was in vegas that night but maybe Atlantic city or some club in Fresno. NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR, SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GO TO MARQUEE OR XS. PS the DJ SUCKED, dj scratchy or scrappy? some lame dj from LA i could have found better talent on my list of facebook friends.
2	Okay, so I went to Lavo the weekend after NYE, so I wasn't expecting a huge crowd. BUT it was a Saturday night, I did expect a few more people....  The venue was okay, the staff was nice but my 2 star rating is specifically for the DJ. Terrible! No one was dancing..and he only played EDM and barely any top 40! Not the classic Vegas DJ mix I'm used to... the DJ was really feeling himself, but was not doing his job as serving the club goers and providing a good time! I will say, his one redeeming quality was playinig my friends request of Beyonce because it was her birthday...
4	good food! I had the Louis salad (with lobster) and the sea bass. Both tasted very fresh. Cocktails are good too. Then it's noisy and quite dark, but it's part of the fun I guess.
4	Dammit. Thought I wrote a review for this forever ago. Maybe not so ill keep it short. HIP HOP ON THE STRIP!!!!!!!Ok. I'm done. This club is a little small for vegas standards. I went here on Halloween ( a few years ago so sorry for the delayed review) but I remember really enjoying the music and the party people. This would be included on my favorite night out should I come back again which I have plans too soon. So yay for good music.
4	LAVO is not like the typical night clubs in Vegas.  It looks like a restaurant first and foremost with a lounge attached to it.  My friends and I visited during CES so all of Vegas was packed!  We first tried our luck at Tao but the line was wrapped around the shops so we decided to try LAVO.  We decided against getting a bottle at LAVO just because it was so small and we weren't sure how long we were going to stay.  We ended up making the right decision because the nice part about LAVO is that they allowed us to sit at the tables without having to purchase bottle service.  The drinks were expensive and nothing to special about them but typical Vegas nightclub pricing but they sure were strong.  The DJ that they had that night was just a house DJ but he was pretty good; spinning mostly top 40 with a bit of EDM and house mixed in.  I would recommend LAVO if you're looking for a smaller club experience and a place to chill with some friends that doesn't require bottle service to have a good time.
3	I think my rating might be a bit unfair. I was having a dinner meeting here so I was more engaged with the conversation vs. the food. However the things that I noticed were the following:- The portions are too big. Some might enjoy it but you'll be so overwhelmed with the appetizers that perhaps you won't enjoy the main course as much.- The ambiance is great. Well put together and the lighting is nice too. I would have thought the presentation of the food would have better suited the theme that they created - Quality of the food is definitely 3stars. Again. Nothing that I wow'd over. It reminds me of being at a really fancy restaurant while being served food from maggiano's (nothing wrong with maggiano's)...but it didn't live up to what I was expectingThe staff was very friendly and our server was beyond helpful. Supporting staff was always attentive as well. Perhaps I came in with a different impression and got something different?? I'm sure I will try it again, perhaps with a more casual group.
5	I literally licked my plate. Yes I was a wee bit intoxicated but it was 100% justified.My boss and his wife raved about how freaking amazing their Kobe meatballs are. I prepared myself for potential over hype, but they lived up to all expectations.Going a step back, we arrived on time for our 8pm reservation and had to wait as the place was super busy with it being the last night of CES. A slight nudge and the management did what every restaurant should do, they bought us a round of drinks. Just as we were going to sweet talk our way into a 2nd round, our table was ready.This place is sexy, though due to CES the male:female ratio was skewed to sausage. It is at this point that my boss taught me a life lesson. Rather than deal with the back and forth after asking 'What does everyone feel like eating?', simply tell your server to pick their favourites for you. Now this is assuming the server isn't useless. As I forget the sequence of arrival, here we go:Green salad - helped with carb guiltCalamari - perfectly cooked, well spicedA-5 Kobe meatball with fresh whipped ricotta - What transpired in my mouth was a little intimate. Wow^2.Rigatoni Melanzana - It had a generous dollop of buffalo mozzarella. Enough said.Chilean Sea Bass - Delicate, butter ocean joy.Bone-in Rib Eye with a side of garlic herb butter - Juicy, tofu-tender, carnivore heaven. I chewed the meat on the bone with pride.Deep Fried Oreos - I thought my boss was joking ordering such a thing at this kind of place, but he insisted. Dipped in gelato, they were magical enough for me to lick my plate clean.I shall return. Tongue out.
4	We were on a guest list so didn't have to queue... So I don't know if my review would be the same if I had to wait too long in line.Anyway, good music, good service, nice place. I didn't have diner there.
3	Pros: No wait, no cover, and a free open bar.Cons: Weird, old crowd. The music wasn't that great, and it was pretty crowded. The vibe was just kind of off, so we went to XS instead.It's a nice club, just a little small and wasn't what we were looking for at the time. The open bar was very nice, and the bartenders were generous and served pretty strong drinks. The bouncers were a little pushy, in that they kept pushing through the crowd with these incredibly bright flashlights, which was inconvenient. Overall, a decent experience, but I don't think I'd come back. It's also kind of weird to go through a nice restaurant to reach the club on the top floor.
4	This review is for the Restaurant.Good italian food, vast menu. I had heard from many people about their signature meatballs and they did not dissapoint, we did the giant meatball appetizer and it was more than enough to share amongst 4 people. Nice decor and atmoshere, only complaint is the dining room was very cold and never get cold so for me to say that it had to be chilly. Service was good, friendly staff. There are so many great Italian places in Vegas but I would repeat visit LAVO especially if I was staying at Venitian or Palazzo.
4	Was at a recent conference and we managed to make our way to this neat venue in the Palazzo.Cool vibe here.  Did dinner here and it gets you into the nightclub as well.We had an assortment of menu items and from all appearances and grins ... pretty happy.  Portions were HUGE, but I guess this is Vegas.I had the salmon and I thought it was quite good.  Excellent prep and ideal seasoning.  Very good flavor and not overcooked.  Al dente!Drinks a plenty and attention to service was quite good considering the mob on a Tuesday.  Did I mention the waitresses were hot!  Again though, I guess it's Vegas and so they have to flaunt their clientele.The nightclub upstairs is a quaint affair, but it's intimate enough without being overcrowded.  Liked it a lot and this night DJ Helena was on the scene.  Good fun til the wee hours.  Excellent bartending as well.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this one two combo of restaurant and nightclub.P.S.  Did get picked up by a pro, but I guess this is Vegas...
5	Great spot!  Wish we'd had room for dessert.  We had a 10 pm reservation for Lavo because we were going to a show first and didn't want to be rushed.  We actually arrived early and the staff was able to seat us a little before 10, we spent the time before that enjoying a drink in the bar.The space is great - dark, with djs, good seating and a nice atmosphere.  The staff was very friendly and while the music in the bar was loud, as it should be, it was not too loud at the table.I would probably have given Lavo a 4 which is, ya know, as good as it gets BUT our server, Rina, was amazing.  Besides the fact that she was simply adorable and had an awesome personality, she genuinely seemed to enjoy her job.  She made suggestions, asked lots of questions, and checked with the chef on a few things for the gluten-free friend in our group of five.  We also walked out with TWO restaurant recommendations from her for our next trip to Traverse City, MI where I go for work every May.Three of us ordered off the menu and two got specials.  The red snapper got RAVE reviews and should probably be put on the menu based on what we heard not only from the person in our party but also Rina.  The lamb, while huge, was also amazing.  There was a great deal of tasting going on around our table :)  K and N both got the ravioli and loved it - the portion of this dish was probably the most perfect.  I went with the army surplus sized penne alla vodka with prosciuto and peas.  It was incredible (but HUGE) although I thought the peas were a little hard.  Not sure why that would be.  The wine list is fantastic and the environment is fun.  We especially loved that even though the space is dark everything is lit from the bottom giving the fresco-ish tiles an ethereal glow.  Amazing, amazing, amazing - thank you, Rina!
3	Came here on a Saturday night with a group of 12 people.  We forgot to make reservations but they were able to accommodate us at such short notice.  I ate here twice for dinner and  I can now say that I am not a fan of their food.  The first time I came here I had raw oysters (which I enjoyed- then again I love raw oysters) and their rigatoni sausage pasta dish.  I felt that it was a pretty "heavy" choice of a meal since we were going out afterwards.  In Italian cuisine, the sauce is what makes the dish,  their tomato sauce lacked a lot of flavor.  This dish tasted like the pastas you can order at the Italian fast food joints located in shopping centers/malls.  The second time I came here, I had the roasted chillean sea bass and it was okay.  The portabello mushrooms were over powering the flavor of the dish..unless it were meant to be the "main" flavor.   The pasta portions are pretty huge, so if you're going to get a pasta dish, you should probably split that with your friend/date.  Make sure you pay attention to your bill because they charge for garlic bread.  The waiter brings it out to your table, as if it were free, but it's not. The seating is pretty close to each other. I feel like I can sit and hear the conversation of everyone around me. Excellent wait staff and Pinot Grigio.
5	Such a beautiful venue with amazing food. The meatballs are so delicious I can't even handle it. Fried oreos are better than sex.
5	By far one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas!!!! The food and service are beyond amazing!! I have never been diappointed with the food or service. My favorite part is the garlic bread and marinara sauce that is served hot as soon as you sit!!!!! Can't wait to go again and again........
2	Ambience: StunningService: Spot-on.Food-terrible. I really expected to love this place after seeing the gorgeous pictures on the website, and it is a beautiful ambience. The music is sexy and relaxing and fun, the wait staff is cheerful and efficient. The food unfortunately, was a disaster. I started with the King Crab salad with citrus vinaigrette, which admittedly may not be the best choice for an Italian restaurant in Vegas. But I love King Crab and it seemed like a classy spot so I went for it-huge mistake. I dug into my first bite expecting buttery melt-in-your-mouth crab and came up feeling like I had just consumed a bite of sponge soaked in pledge.  I was willing to chalk that one up to orderer's error, so I played it safe on my entree: the four cheese ravioli. How could you screw up cheese ravioli, right? Well, they managed. The ravioli themselves were just so small, flat, and unappetizing; they made Safeway ravioli look downright decadent. They were not generous and pillowy with ample filling; rather they were small flat with tiny amount of strange sour cheese filling. All in all, beautiful place, beautiful staff, but the food left a bad taste in my mouth, literally and figuratively. i would definitely recommend coming here for just drinks or even happy hour, but do not eat dinner here or you will be disappointed.
3	This review is for the restaurant and nightclub.  The food was good atmoshphere was nice, a little pricey but cool.  The nightclub was small but chill for tuesday night. My only issue was this douchebag that decided to splash water in my boyfriends face walking by him as we left the club. If you want to act 10 don't go to a club go to a playground.  overall it was ok.
5	I haven't eaten here, but I've definitely partied here.LAVO has got to be the best place to be on Sunday nights- VICE Sundays. DJ Vice is the sh*t. Before heading out, my buddy asked me what his DJ style is like, and the best way I can describe it is high energy the whole time, except this last time when he rounded off the night with Drake/The Weeknd's "Crew Love."If you can get on a guestlist, you won't have to wait in line and can probably get in free, and girls can get free drinks until midnight.Whatever your plans are for Sunday nights in Vegas, cancel them and go to LAVO.
3	We waited 45 mins for our table, even with our reservation. The restaurant was highly recommended, so we were disappointed with the wait. The hostess did offer us a free round of drinks to compensate. We had the pomegranate limonata, which was made well. The restaurant does have a nice ambience upon entering, but looks much bigger than it really is. They had a DJ playing good music in the lounge area. Once we were finally seated, the restaurant manager came over to apologize for the wait. Luckily, the food was very good. We ordered tuna tartare, beef carpaccio, meatballs with ricotta, creamed spinach & a 12 oz steak, which was more than enough to split among three people. Service was great & attentive. Bathrooms were clean, but a little dark inside. We were able to access the nightclub after eating.As for the nightclub, the music was horrible! It was rap all night. Not r&b that you could dance to, but rap that you couldn't understand the words with disgusting lyrics. The DJ did not know how to transition from one song to another. There was an older crowd there, so with it comes creeps. The comped drinks we had were not good on anything except beer and champagne. Not what I pictured the party scene to be after eating at such a trendy restaurant.
4	Had never heard of this place until I was in Vegas just a few weeks ago.   My friends promoter friend asked us to join her for a Ladies Night comped dinner.  We got to the restaurant and were seated promptly.  The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous.  Our server brought all of us a shot and then we all ordered a cocktail.  The drinks were delicious.  Then they brought out a variety of different food options: Chicken Parmesan, Margherita Pizza, two different kinds of pasta (one gluten free pasta), among others.  The amount of each dish was quite large, but I expected that since it is an Italian place.  Overall, the food was amazing we enjoyed all of it.After dinner, we went back outside to wait for the nightclub to open.  One of the promoters outside combined our group of 7 ladies with another group of 5 ladies and gave comped us a table with free bottle service.  The service was great and even though it was a Sunday night the atmosphere was still fun.  Unfortunately, some of the ladies we were with and some of the guys at the table next to us started smoking.  Something my sister and I were not a fan of so we took off.  I would consider going again.
3	came here because a promoter got all 14 of us girls in for free open bar - score!! but you know there's always a catch - open bar only went on for a couple of hours and we had to wait for really long periods of time before we could place our drink order (the bar tenders of course favored those who were actually paying for their drinks). the dance floor was slightly on the small side but the music was good and the dancing lovelies threw out flashing glow sticks to the crowd - overall a pretty fun night at a decent club
4	Really enjoyed our visit to Lavo. The service was out of this world and the food delicious. We enjoyed the Filet and the Salmon Orgeanato. Thought the al a care sides were a bit over-priced compared to the prices of the main dishes, but it's Vegas :) One thing I appreciated was that since we ate dinner there, we could get into the night club that night for free (we were too tired, so we didn't go). The atmosphere is amazing - gorgeous decor. The only thing I didn't like about this place are the close proximity of tables to one another. I could almost touch my neighbors on both sides of me which made it difficult to have a nice private meal with my hubby. Otherwise - I loved this place!
3	Night Club review:Very nice decor; bath (Lavo) themed.Bar area is in weird shape. Bartenders were not very nice at all.Dance area is small. Overall club is small.More of a lounge type than club.Too many bottle service areas. This place needs more dance areas.Place needs better ventilation & shouldn't allow smoking went it's so stuffy inside.They play house & trance here. Open bar for ladies from 11 pm-midnight.If you know a promoter, they can usually get you in free & ladies free drinks & table.   Doors open at 10:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 11 p.m. Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. Cover is $20, and locals are admitted free Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursday
4	I visited on a Wednesday evening with one guest at 9:30pm. Here for Restaurant Week.Verdict: Come here if you want a great Italian meal before you bring your expensive entourage of fine ladies to your table at Marquee. Don't come here if you want to bring kids or to escape the common heathen scene: It's too loud and people look like they're heading to a club.Ambiance: 4/5Yes, it is nice: Dark interiors with Mediterranean accents set the stage, with each choice lighting proving a visual delight. The house music pumping through the air reminds you that this is also a nightclub. The CONS: Can be too loud/raunchy to be considered intimate, dark enough to make your eyes strain, and tables are too close together. My guest's seat got run into by a rushing waiter.Service: 4/5Reservations process was smooth? Check. Greeted and seated with a smile? Check. Genuine and sincere service, even though things were busy? Check. Table checks throughout the dinner? Check. What they missed: In between our table checks our glasses were empty. We were 3/4ths of a way through our entrees, which proved to be heavy-handed on the salt so we needed water to continue. Our waiter was either on break or dealing with someone else, but no busser was available. Finally got filled 5min. later. Not end of the world, but not 5 stars. Food: 4/5Kobe carpaccio is all sorts of buttery and yummy: Full-bodied yet not salty. The Kobe rice balls, while balanced, is reminiscent of risotto. Our bread that came at the same time have herbs and butter baked on, with marinara for dipping. My penne alla vodka was perfectly al dente. Strong bacon flavor. However, salt levels became intolerable. A pity, because it is a well flavored dish but someone was heavy-handed with the salt. Dessert: Might be an Italian thing, but they were quite heavy. Tiramisu was too creamy for my preferences, and did not pair with either entree. The cheesecake was large, light, and sweet. Kinda like how I like that one guy out of Shaolin Soccer. BTW, Food was timely. Value: 4/5Portion sizes are filling. Not Mcmullan's-ginormous-Irish-nachos, but we brought back dessert. Plus, you definitely taste the quality of the ingredients. Now, I am comparing this place to Panevino, Trattoria Nakamura-ya (yes, I know traditional Italian does not have uni, but this is my review and uni pasta is my postmodern Italian), Cuigino's, and Olive Garden (lol, I had to): This ranks #3, with Trattoria easily leading and this following Panevino quite closely. No, Olive Garden did not rank. Thank you for participating in Restaurant Week! Mood: I'm full. It's been a while since I party-rocked. Where's the water and the party?Total rating: 3.5/5 base rating, +0.5 for good mood, 4/5
3	The meatball really is to die for and I loved that it came out really hot. The only drawbacks were that the garlic bread they give to each table is really sub standard...like the kind you buy frozen at the grocery store and that the rigatoni in my rigatoni with sausage was undercooked. I don't mind al dente, but crunchy pasta may be pushing it! I'd got back for the wine, the meatball and the atmosphere....maybe next time the Sexy Siren show that you can see across from the patio won't be cancelled!
4	At the convenience of being at our hotel, we decided to check out this place, hek free drinks... why NOT! The place turned out to be very fun and one of the bartender was pretty HOT!The night ended with the girls and I capitalizing the lounging area and doing our thing. Fun times!
4	So when they say they have the best meatballs, they're not kidding.  Not only was the meatballs with ricotta delicious (and the size of a grapefruit), it was great to share.  We split a number of dishes, beet salad, minestrone soup, kobe beef meatballs with spaghetti and chicken parmigana.  Minestrone soup was the only thing that was mediocre.  The rest was delicious.  Waiter pushed us to order Oreo Beignets, tasted like an Oreo funnel cake.  The sinks are really awesome.  Night club was cool, but nothing insane
4	This is my 6th time here and came with my family and fiance on our Vegas trip to celebrate my father's 60th birthday. Called a few weeks in advance to book a table, they ask you for a credit card to secure your reservation so be aware of that. Requested a table outside and mentioned it was my daddy's 60th birthday.We waited about 30 mins for the table (totally normal at this restaurant) for a table for 6 outside. They said they could seat us immediately inside but it was such a  gorgeous night we waited. We grabbed some drinks at the bar and yummy long bread sticks and stood outside and waited. Once our buzzer rang we were seated at a great table with a view of the pirate show at TI. We ate late, around 11pm so we saw the last show of the night. Quite loud so be prepared. The restaurant is one of the loudest restaurants (inside) in Vegas - super fun. The food here is AMAZING! SO TASTY! To start we ordered:Sun Ripened Tomato Bufala Mozzarella $192 orders of the Eggplant Parmigiano (the server even warned us that they are huge but I told him we usually order 1 for my fiance and me when we come, they are THAT good!) YOU MUST ORDER THIS $17Crispy Fried Calamari $17Meatball with fresh whipped ricotta $21The men had beers and the ladies split this AMAZING white pinot grigio, I can't rem the name but it was so tasty and the price was really good!For the mains we ordered:Organic Mixed Green Salad $16 Mixed Wild Mushrooms $11Chicken Parmigiano $29 (comes with a large side of pasta)Four Cheese Ravioli $24Chicken & Mushroom Ravioli $27Spinach & Artichoke Brick Oven Pizza $21Everything was amazing. The only reason I am removing 1 star is because I reminded both the hostess and the server that it was my father's 60th birthday and NOTHING was done. Not even a little candle. They must have forgotten, but I was quite disappointed with that part.Will return for the tasty food and environment.
4	Definitely ask to sit on the patio.  Service was good, food as expected with large portions.  A bit pricey but it's the strip.  Overall just fine and worth the visit.
4	Nice restaurant. It gets pretty packed and loud. A group of us went for dinner on a Friday night. The only small complaint was we had to wait for a table even with a reservation. Isn't that the point of a reservation? So you Won't have to wait?? .smh. Anyway., the night was great, the food was good and we got to see Chris Rock and David Spade. We were maybe 3 tables away from their table. And there's a club upstairs., that we didn't check out since our night was booked. Maybe next time :)
2	I got swindled into going here for dinner because I saw the Lobster Pizza on a travel channel show. The lobster pizza was way overpriced for what you got ($28) they put a few tiny pieces of Lobster on the pizza. We also had the Rice balls App - overpriced at ($18) and not good at all...The only thing that was good was the free garlic bread and sauce. Extremely disappointed with Lavo. Will not return.
5	There really is no complaints about this place because every time I come I do not have to wait in line and I always receive complimentary drinks. For those who do have to wait in line, it's not that long during the week.The ambiance is very classy/upscale type ish. It's not too big, almost the size of a trendy lounge. Open bar is usually from 11-12 at this place! I usually get the vodka and red bull (sugar-free)The genre of music they play is hip hop and the dance floor usually gets packed!It's better to have table service here because there is no area where you can sit down and I think smoking cigarettes is allowed here because I saw a few people smoking some and they weren't told anything. Shoutout to Jordan Spitz(Senior VIP host) who always takes care of us when we are out there!
3	A big group of friends went recently because this was her favorite restaurant of all time.The food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The pasta was really al dente which I liked but I wasn't blown away by the sauce or the meatball. Again, it was all pretty good but it wasn't really worth the high price.The oreo dessert we got at the end was probably my favorite of all the items we got.3.5 stars overall but decided to go with a 3 because of the unwarranted high price.
1	The first time I came here, the spaghetti carbonara was too salty to eat (and I love salt), but I remember their meatballs being ridiculously good and that's why I decided to return. The meatballs are still godly, and this would have been a good meal had the waitress not pissed me off. She greeted our table and asked us if we would like sparkling or still water. But not like "Would you care for some sparkling or still water?"- you know- like it's optional. It was more like "Would you like sparkling or still water?"- like you have two choices...what kind would you like...the fancy kind, or the regular kind? I said "Uhh...I guess  I'll have the still water. " She brought over a bottle of water with the restaurant logo on it, which is common for complimentary water served at upscale restaurants, and poured us a couple glasses. I didn't think anything of it until a busboy came around a little later with a normal aluminum pitcher and asked us if we wanted refills on water. The waitress ran over and said "Noooooooo!!!! They wanted still water!!!" I then interjected and said, "Wait a minute...did I just pay for  water? I'm sorry...I didn't realize I was being charged for "still" water. Jesus Christ, just give me the free water. Tap water. Whatever the fuck you call it."So that pitcher of "still" water ended up costing $8.00 and the waitress didn't seem very remorseful about it. Look...I'm in Vegas. I obviously am prepared to pay ridiculous prices for drinks. But I'm not cool with paying for tap...oh sorry... "still" water. I'm not fooled by the fancy bottle with the Lavo logo on it. Come on. It's the same shit. Admit it. So I didn't like the deceptive upsell tactics. If you were more up front with me, Slim Shady, I would have left more than a 15% tip.I probably won't come here again.
5	This is very hard for me to say but... Lavo Day party might be my most favorite thing to do in Vegas.  I have done ALL the pool parties, night clubs, ect.  Everything is great but Lavo day party is amazing.  Table service here is great and they are very attentive.  Starts off as a brunch and the food is pretty good.  The prices are all VERY reasonable for Vegas standards and bottle prices are the best in Vegas.  Beautiful crowd here and the party gets pretty wild after an hour or so.  When they drop the curtains you know its about to go down!  Music here is great and the atmosphere is one of my favorites in Vegas. Def a MUST go and good luck getting in!!!
5	Just close your eyes and pick anything.  The one pound meatball is awesome and the garlic bread is as good as it gets. I recently had a special they were serving, two sole medallions in a brown butter sauce. Before I knew it, it was gone. Best Italian restaurant you can go to.
1	Terrible business, will not return! Requested a patio seat, wherein the receptionist was busy answering phones and doing other tasks, even at one point after telling her our request, took a phone call and then asked us again our preference. We then waited our 30 minutes, and they tried to seat is at a table behind the bar! When we said this is not what we had requested, the manager told us they did not have any seats outside and we would have to wait again!! We said no thanks, and left the hotel to which there were SEVERAL open tables outside! Unacceptable, and the manager did not help or assist us in any way! Don't waste your time...
5	Meatballs are excellent. Love the atmosphere too. Make sure to sit inside, way better than outside trust me.
4	4 stars for the nightclub.In March 2013, I traveled to Vegas with my sister and one of her friends for a girls weekend in Vegas. They had never done table service at a nightclub before, so I decided to be generous and spring for a table on the Saturday night we would be there. I decided on LAVO because the host, Matthew Goodman, was incredibly responsive. Literally within 10 minutes of sending my inquiry email, I had texts from Matt to help set up my reservation (this was opposed to some other clubs that either never responded or took days to respond). He also offered to get us into the brunch, but we decided against it as we wanted to do other things during the day. The entrance to the nightclub is on the side and not a far walk from the door that the taxis drop you off at. There was no wait to check in (we arrived around 11 pm) and Matt walked us to our table. Throughout the night he checked on us a few times which I thought was great customer service. Our cocktail server at the table was totally on point, and we were never without drinks. I managed to get us a free bottle of champagne which we had first before moving on to the Ketel One vodka bottle I bought.The negative about table service at LAVO is that while we had a table right off the dance floor (I cannot complain about the location) is that we were squished in between two other tables with groups. When you get a table, you are expecting to get space to spread out and relax. We were kind of on top of each other which is the reason I give the nightclub 4 stars. But if you want a table, I highly recommend getting ahold of Matt. He is the best host I have worked with in Vegas.
5	We kicked off girls weekend here with some family style food and pitchers of cocktails.  The food was excellent, specifically the Kobe meatball (which was huge), polenta fries, and fried zucchini.  We shared a huge pitcher of the cocktail 'Sicilian sun' which felt bottomless.  The pitchers of cocktails is the way to go if 3 or more of you are going to drink. Our waitress was awesome and we had a great time.  All in all a 5 star experience.
4	Great Food and can't beat the free admission to the Night Club
4	This was really a pleasant surprise. Food was more than just decent. Granted, the price can be a bit much, but definitely worth it.
5	Three Words - BEST. STEAK. EVER!!!!The plan was to splurge on our final night dinner in Las Vegas...and well, $110 per person was just that.  We narrowed down dinner to Carnevino or Lavo ...on the walk down to Carnevino, we stopped to check out the menu at Lavo and we figured we'd consider it based on Carnevino's menu.  Their menu was a bit above what we were looking and thought we'd get a bigger bang for our buck here and yep...we did!!!Our service was GREAT!!!So our water cost $16, I said still water as I thought we'd get charged for sparkling but we still got charged but I'm not going to complain...moving on...we ordered a large ricotta stuffed meat ball for an appetizer.  I got the 8oz filet and polenta fries for a meal, and the oreo pizzole for dessert.  NO COMPLAINTS.  Seriously...this was probably the BEST Filet I've ever had...kicked the butt of Gibson's here in Chicago.  Everything was just to die for...Looking for some fabulous eats in Vegas...GO HERE!!!!
5	Let me start by saying that i have consistently had great experiences at LAVO! The food and service is truly wonderful here! I usually order the kobe meatball for an appetizer and the lasagna for my main entree. This week i switched it up and after looking at how good the pictures of the veal parmigiana was i had to see if was as good as it looked.. INDEED it was worth every penny. This actually was my first time even eating Veal and i think i've found my new favorite dish here at LAVO! My friend i was with ordered the traditional spaghetti & meatballs. HUGE portions which is always a plus, very tasty! For dessert the Tiramisu was yet another home run!! 5-stars guys!
3	This review is for the nightclub only.  Came here on a Saturday night during a girls weekend to little 'ol Las Vegas.  We arrived around 11ish or so, and there was virtually no line.  We were on a guest list.  It may not have mattered except we paid no cover, and our wristband granted us free drinks for an hour. Just make sure to tip the bartenders!We crawled up a TON of stairs...we overlooked the restaurant at one point.  WHY does Vegas insist in putting in a f*ckton of stairs that girls in 7" heels have to climb up, and then stumble/fall down later?! This makes no sense to me.Annnnyways...the club upstairs was smallish, compared to some of the mega clubs in LV.  They were playing great music though, the bartenders were friendly and attentive, and the ladies bathroom attendant was a blast!I def had a good time here.  Not super packed like some of the new clubs, which can be a plus or negative, depending on what kind of night you are looking for,  I wouldn't NOT come back if someone insisted, but it would not be my top go-to club either.  The restaurant scene looked nice and trendy with lots of youngish people (as young as can afford a nice dinner) and I could see a lovely night with dinner and clubbing all in one location here.Bonus: free drinks for an hr. (but that was specific to my guest list)Bogus: so many freaking stairs in heels!!
3	A group of friends from out of town made reservations so we joined.  It wasn't our first choice or our last.   Our group walks up for our reservations after getting around the line it was not problem.  We walk in to dine we are seated at a nice table and can enjoy the view of the room.  I did no eat much because we did munch earlier so I really cannot review on the food. My friends seamed happy the setting in nice that time of the night if felt like more of a lounge then a restaurant but we were fine with that.We moved upstairs to the nightclub after.  Tons of stairs kinda reminded me of what I would think it would be like to walk through the inside of an pyramid!  Maybe it was the little person with a large fan fanning the scantily clad woman we passed in one of the halls?!  Lavo" means "to bathe so the theme here is usually gogo dancers and lingerie clad beautiful women dancing or lounging in tubs.The club itself is small the VIP and bottle service tables are nice.  Tip: If you come to Vegas and do a night club the only way to sit in any of the clubs in doing bottle service.  The price was comparable to other places, the table service/waitress was beautiful and took care of us all night.All in all nice place but I left unimpressed just kind of ehh so 3 stars.  Good but not great.
1	Don't eat here.  I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.  They seated our party in a semi-circular booth, with me sitting in a chair at the edge of the table.  People were running in to me the whole 2 hours we were there, and we were there for 2 hrs because it took over an hour and a half from when our order was placed until our food was brought out.  When they finally did bring out the food, they had dropped my meal so I had to wait another 15 minutes before I could eat.  They didn't even offer to take anything off my bill for the inconvenience.  All of this would have been at least tolerable if the food had at least been good, but it wasn't.  I ordered veal parmigiana, and the meat was so thin and the cheese piled on so thickly that you couldn't even taste the veal.  This was definitely the worst dining experience of my life.  Next time I'm in Vegas with people wanting to go to Lavo, I'm skipping out on it and going to In-n-Out Burger.
2	I went to Lavo on my second night of clubbing in Vegas and I was not impressed. Even though we had a promoter, we still waited outside of the club for a good hour before we could get in. I dont know what the holdup was but it was very annoying and frustrating. Also, the crowd was not very poppin because I think there was an event going on and everyone happened to be in their 40s or 50s. Talk about bad timing. The music here is slightly less EDM than other Vegas clubs which I appreciated but I was definitely not feeling the crowd. The only silver lining to going here was that my friends and I were dancing near someones table and they were super drunk and/or having a good time so they just started to make it rain with dolla billss. I think in total my group made $40-$50 from just going to the club haha. These experiences wont happen again so I will not be heading back to Lavo.**TIPS**1) From my one time going there, the crowd tends to be a lot older than XS or Marquee.2) Enjoy!
5	Went to this place for a Rock and Roll wine event and I was blown away by Lavo! This place was super cool from the awesome outside patio to the cool upstairs area to the chic downstairs dining room. I will come back here and see if the food is as good as the place looks!
5	If you die before eating the kobe beef meatball here you will go straight to hell, because this meatball is absolute heaven! All of the food is spectacular here, And the place is simply cool. What not to eat... everything is terrific!
4	Four of us went for dinner on a Wednesday night. This brief review is for the restaurant only.The service was excellent. The wait staff was attentive, polished, knowledgeable, and importantly, flexible when we had to order off-menu a bit.The food was enjoyed by everybody.  The chicken parm was a generous, tasty portion. The four cheese ravioli was hand made and big and delicious. The noodles in the pasta were fresh.The only negative was the hostess was overwhelmed and young, but I kept on top of her and got our table within a few minutes of our 7:45pm reservation.The check totalled about $120 for four.
3	We were looking for somewhere to club on Sunday night and usually Vanity at the Hard Rock was the happening spot but for some reason it was closed that weekend. I think Vanity has closed to special events only since the re-opening of Body English. Anyway, I heard Lavo was cool on Sunday nights, and my cousin didn't want to go because she had been there before and didn't have the greatest experience. But it was our only hope so we went. We waited in line for a few minutes and locals were free. I'm not sure why they call this a nightclub because it literally consists of a bar and a dancefloor and that's it lol. The DJ was good and the crowd was decent. Ice T and Coco happened to be there. I've seen them a few times out and about so it was nothing really special for me but it's always fun to see celebs hanging out. Overall I would come back but only on a night that I know would be worth my time or for a drink special.
2	Our reservation was for 9pm and we were not seated until 10pm. This seems to be standard operating procedure for them. We first waited for 10 mins to check in with the hostess. She then adds you to a list and gives you a pager - like other restaurants do when  you don't have a reservation. Sure, they brought out complimentary calamari for an appetizer after we were seated, but that wasn't enough. They didn't seem to really care or apologize about the wait. At one point a manager stopped by for a quick check as we were eating dinner and we did complain about the wait. He said he would send over a round of complimentary drinks/shots,but that never happened. The food was good, but nothing special. I do have high standards for restaurants as I live in Chicago and am spoiled by the food scene here.Potentially all Vegas restaurants don't care about service because they have a captive audience - I don't know - but this one certainly doesn't.The ambiance was fun - great decor, music. However, it was freeeezing with the AC. We were dressed to go out to a club after - no sweaters or shawls, but if you can, bring one. We were literally shaking throughout dinner but they said they couldn't change the temperature.
5	This review is for the restaurant only. We had reservations to dine here on a Friday night. We showed up a few minutes prior and seating promptly at our reservation time. We had a large party of 8. The service was excellent. Food was delicious. I had the filet mignon and the asparagus.  I also tried a meatball which was good too. I tried a bite of the deep fried Oreos which were to die for and others raved about the strawberry shortcake. We really enjoyed our meal here and would absolutely recommend it for fine dining on the Strip.
2	DJ spinning top 40's, mainstream house, and some latin musicClientele were mid 30's to mid 40's.  i even saw 15+ people whith gray/white hair.  lots of receding hairlines and party foulers.  props to the older people who are still going hard.  i like to see people having fun.this would all be ok except our group is in the early 20's, and i felt very uncomfortable dancing around people who are my parent's age.  this place was packed and had drinks and glasses all over the ground.  we were in and out within 20 minutes.unless you are of the age demographic, i would not recommend coming here. and in the event you do, please wear closed toed shoes.  i am certainly not coming back here for like 10 years, in the meantime, i'll go to XS, Tao, or Hakkasan
5	My favorite restaurant to eat at when In Las Vegas! Not only is the food amazing, but I love sitting on the terrace getting to enjoy the weather and watching the show going on at Treasure Island across the way.10 stars, will go back every time I'm in Vegas!
4	Came here last weekend for dinner. Great ambiance, delicious food, and yummy drinks (greyhound with freshly squeezed grapefruit). The meatball was amazing! Of course the rest of the meal was excellent too.  A bit overpriced though, but it's Vegas for ya!
1	Note: This is for the nightclub only! 1. LAVO needs a separate restaurant and nightclub business page2. Apparently, Sunday is a "neon theme." This nightclub gave me deja vu  of my 8th grade promotion dance. That might sound harsh but the music was horrible rap that personally, gave me a headache. 3. The bartender that was making our drinks was rude.4. This place is TINY and not well built in my opinion. I get that its a nightclub so you are supposed to feel like you are in a tight, enclosed space but that doesn't mean the venue is actually supposed to be the size of a bedroom in NYC. I wasn't there for that long cause I couldn't take the music but I only saw one bar which was extremely crowded. Around the bar were "tables" which was really just a booth style seating with no privacy because thats the only pathway to get around the bar. Additionally, if I were dining in the restaurant I really wouldn't want people leaving and entering the nightclub to be walking above me with the chance of someone who had one too many sips of alcohol to hurl over the balcony when walking in or out of the club.
4	This review is for the food only.Service was friendly, knowledgeable and fun. I had the server choose my entree (between the carbonara and cavatelli). She chose the cavatelli and I was not disappointed. It had a rich, meaty bolognese sauce that was amazing. The ricotta placed on top was the perfect compliment. I could eat this again anytime.The chicken parmesan that my friends had was a huge portion. Although I didn't sample it, they said it was fabulous.For dessert we all split their 20 layer chocolate peanut butter cake and the chocolate glazed rolled cake. Both were amazing. A decadent treat.The music being played during dinner was a great mix. It was 80s new wave for the first half, then a DJ came and began playing some of my favorite EDM.Great vibe for a restaurant and I will definitely return.
3	I went to Lavo while in Vegas celebrating a Bachelorette. I made reservations for 8:30pm through open table. When we walked up to the restaurant there was a line to check in with the host! After waiting for 15 mins, even though we had a reservation, we were given a pager and told we had to wait for our table. The host was rude and clearly stressed. We waited over 30 mins and had to rush through dinner. Not cool. They obviously over booked and didn't care to apologize.
2	Ok goodNothing specialVery loud. Music is not conducive to having since, quiet meal
4	I actually like this place plus it was just $10 with a VIP card that the promoter was passing outside since we could not get into TAO.It's small but the when you think about it, the dance floor is about the same size as all the mega clubs in Vegas it just less going up the stair, roof, and etc....Just one dance floor with Top 40's music from Hip Hop, Pop, and EDM (Good music if you ask me)Not crowded which is a plus because you can actually dance without bumping into someone.Plus drinks were cheaper like $12-$15 dollars compared to other that charge $20Come here if you want to have fun and avoid the crowds!
4	LAVO should be known for their meatballs AND Panna Cotta Cheesecake!!*This review is for the restaurant only*After hearing that LAVO had the best meatballs in town and good food overall, I just had to go and try it for myself. We came here with my good friends from Hawaii. I made reservations on a week night when there was no special event going on at the nightclub, hoping it would be less crowded.At first, service was good. We had 3 different servers who said that they would all be helping us. However, after our drinks were delivered, we got stuck with one server, who was kind of an airhead. I'll be nice and not mention her name, but this is how it went down. We were all obviously ready to order because our menus were closed and stacked nicely on one corner of the table.Server: "Are you all ready to order, or do we need a few more minutes?"Us: "We're ready."Server: "I'll give you a few more minutes."Us: "Umm, we just said we were ready."Server: "Oh ok, go ahead."Then later that night....Server: "Are you still working on this or do you want me to take the plate out of your way?"My friend: "Still working on it."Server: *reaches out to grab the plate*My Friend:" No, I am STILL working on it!"Server: "Oh, ok."Geeez, she had serious issues! Also note that we ate here right after they opened, so the place wasn't crazy loud at the time. If she's deaf, she shouldn't be a server. She really needs to get her act together! Horrible!Anyway, the food was awesome and we all enjoyed our dinner. We ordered the Meatball with whipped fresh Ricotta. Good thing we split it between the 4 of us because it was huge! Very flavorful and melted in my mouth! I wanted more, so I ordered the Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs. My husband ordered the New York Strip Steak and said it was one of the best steaks he ever had. Now I know what to order next time! Our friends ordered the Chicken Parmigiano (also huge) and some other pasta dish. And now for the best part, Dessert!! Thanks to my friends, I am now addicted to the Panna Cotta Cheesecake! I don't know how to explain it, except to say that is was a big delicious slice of heavenly, creamy berry goodness! Sometimes Cheesecakes can be too rich, but this one was light and not overly sweet. Slices are big enough for 2 people to share, but I honestly think I could eat the entire thing on my own. I would seriously do a take out order, just for the cheesecake!Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu. Hopefully, service will be better next time!
5	Sat/8 Jun my 2 friends and I came here initially:- Club passes for "complimentary admission for 2 ladies, reduced admission for 2 gentlemen" for Tao Club, Lavo Club or Tao Beach Club are available for free from the front desk/concierge at Venetian/Palazzo or the Tao desk in between those 2 hotels.  Just ask nicely.- We arrived about 12:30 am and since there was no line we went straight in.$20/man, or $10/man with the club pass.  - Lavo club had a typical ratio, I'd say about 60% guys, 40% gals, and average age of 30 or so (whereas Tao crowd skews younger, average of age 25 or so).  - Bouncers and bartender were all cool.  Cocktails are $13/ea.- Compared to the megaclub Tao, it was easier to dance in Lavo since it wasn't crowded, it was easy to find seats in the bar area (no bottle service required) and a more mature crowd.  I would have liked to stay at Lavo but my friends wanted to go to Tao so we moved on.
3	*Nightclub Review*I used to be a regular here in my early months after turning 21. Yeah, it came to the point where I got stopped getting ID'd. Haha.Got to the club around 1:30 a.m. You think that's late? I don't think so. There were no lines nor promoters harrassing people. It was empty on a Saturday night.I was with 3 other women who were rockin' hot that night. Or at least they thought so. Haha. JK, they were nightclub appropriate. Stood in line for a good 5 seconds, got ID'd and the bounce dude told us that it would be free for the ladies and $20 for me. I didn't mind paying. Got to the cashier, one cashier said that one girl was free because she was local, the other two were not and I wasn't free. Had a small argument but they just let us in all for free.Went inside, bar was empty of people and the bartenders were just hanging around. Dance floor was NOT full at all! Again, this was a Saturday night. There was actual elbow room in the dance floor and you can actually dance!!! They played old school music from the 90s and went back and forth with today's music, they even threw in some random house music in there.Yes, it was fun but it has changed from 2009. It's probably because all these other new nightclubs have popped up and LAVO needs to up their game. Oh well.
4	Really good food and service!(This review is for the restaurant only.)We rarely venture out of the Cosmo or Encore for food when in Vegas, but we had some friends staying at the Palazzo this go around so we decided to give a new restaurant a try.  We decided on LAVO due to its location and becuase it seemed to have a cool vibe.Half of our party arrived fairly late, but the restaurant was very polite about it.  We hung out at the bar and watched the Hawks lose to the Bruins.  The bartender was nice and friendly as were the other patrons at the bar.  I didn't check out the bar too much as I was too caught up in the game so can't really comment on that portion of my visit.The remainder of our party finally arrived and we were seated at a nice round table in the middle of the restaurant.  We had awesome views of the entire place...including the upstairs area which I assume is used for the nightclub (???).  Our waiter, Scott R., was super nice and funny...cracking jokes with us the whole night.Our table ordered the meatball ricotta, calamari, mixed salad, carbonara, 8oz filet, 3 peas risotto, spaghetti with meatballs, wild mushrooms, and the 20 layer cake.  Everything was delicious!  The portions were huge so everyone kind of just shared everything.  We got the check and I and my husBAND decided to pick the bill up for the table to say thanks to our friends.  I am in charge of payments and tips in our house so when I looked at the bill and saw $354.20 for 6 people I was thinking we had gotten off cheap (that's like $59.00 per person WITH drinks and coffees, espressos, etc.).  We had a great time and thought Scott R. was awesome...so we left him an appropriate tip.  As we were leaving, Scott R.  came over and stopped my husBAND and told him that a 20% gratuity was included in the $354.20 total and that he did not have to leave an additional tip (I apparently missed that on the check...DOH!).  My husBAND was blown away by his honesty and decided to leave him a small portion of the additional tip we had intended on giving.  So...that means our check was even less that I had thought...great food at a decent price...in Vegas...what???So, in summary...the food is good, service is amazing, servers are HONEST, and the food is decently priced.  We will definitely be returning to LAVO...perhaps to even check out the nightclub.
5	Yes!!! I love LAVO nightclub Las Vegas!!!! The time I came here was when I was staying at The Palazzo and it is located just inside the hotel / casino... which made coming here a no brainer. Although this is a somewhat smaller club, I love the bouncers and promoters here. They are friendly and handle the crowds well. My first time coming to Lavo was a great experience. As we walked in, you are greeted by the hosts and also an interesting stairway where you can see up over the crowd. The club is just super sexy and has a very young vibe. There is a dress code, there are hot club dancers, and I think we also saw Lil Jon?! There are few bars to get drinks at, there are plenty of areas to dance and there are two bathrooms where you can do your business. I also like that there is a balcony that you can go outside to get a breather, escape creeps, or grab a smoke if needed. Overall, the music is fun, people are up and dancing, and the staff here is respectful and helpful. The place is beautifully decorated, and just screams Vegas. Although it is a smaller club, it is still a really good time here. My friend and I had such a great time here, we came back twice in one week. Lavo is awesome!
4	**Review for the ultra lounge**Waited patiently in line with my boyfriend before a promoter approached us asking us if we were on the guest list. We told him that we--unfortunately-- were not. He asked us if we were guests of the hotel-- once again, we were not :( He asked us if we were staying on the strip... And you guessed it-- we were not. After we were sure he was going to move on to the party behind us, he quickly reassured us, "Don't worry about it, I'll take care of it." Next thing we knew, we were in for FREE! Thanks, Promoter Guy! Like many others have said, this lounge has a very dark and sexy vibe to it. Others have complained about the minimal dance space and the smallness of the place itself. However, I feel it's very intimate and romantic. If you don't feel like getting trampled or pinned up against sweaty strangers all night, I'd say ultra lounges are the way to go! This place was pretty amazing. Getting in for free-- without guest list reservations or hassle, attentive bartenders, pretty decent music (a lot of the songs were hit or miss, but I think that's relatively subjective depending on the DJ for the night), no chaos of a typical club. This place gets a thumbs up in my book! My boyfriend and I had a blast! will definitely be back.
1	Unfortunately, I had a pretty poor experience at LAVO despite of the great interior design, funny bathrooms, good music, and above-average desserts. I think the problem with this place is the price/performance ratio. The complimentary garlic bread was decent. We ordered 2 appetizers: calamari and eggplant parmegiano. Calamari was barely OK but eggplant was good. The main platter that I had was seafood pasta for $38 and the dish was super salty and acidic due to overuse of tomatoes. My wife ordered one of the fish dishes over which they poured balsamic vinegar without double checking with my wife. She was so disgusted with the fish she had to send it back. The next fish she got was salty as well but at least she thought it was well cooked. We finished the dining experience with an order of 2 desserts and both were above average. Overall, pretty average food that you can probably get elsewhere 1/3 of the price with a much better taste.My biggest problem was our waitress. After she took our drink and appetizer orders, she disappeared for 20 mins. When our appetizers showed up, I asked another poor fellow whether we are gonna be able to order the main dishes if our princess waitress decides to show up. She came over in another 5 minutes, didn't even apologize and pretended like nothing happened. We had to wait for the main dishes for another 30 mins. We didn't get water refreshments and I think we have been only asked once if we need more drinks in that time. When the food came, I was already feeling filled but ate the whole thing because I was very angry (and it is super hard to make me angry).  When my wife's food turned out to be bad, the manager came over and apologized so +1 for the manager.Overall, we paid for 4 people about $350 w/o a bottle of wine or anything like that. If we only paid $150-$200 I could have been still OK but at this price range I expect high quality services to be delivered. Really disappointed in LAVO, never coming back and never sending any of my friends there. Sorry, Palazzo.
3	I am reviewing the restaurant.The food was delicious and worth the price we paid, although I feel the pasta dishes were on the small side.  The chicken dishes had larger servings.  The atmosphere can be described as upscale and trendy.  I would have given this place four or five stars if the waitress didn't act like we were an annoyance.  She was not particularly friendly or concerned with how we were doing.
3	Got seated outside...was in the warm side had Calamari and it was pretty good.Overall, wasn't happy with price to quality ratio.  Maybe we hit an off night but we were there to celebrate...
4	This review is for the restaurant. Keeping it brief, since a lot about this place has already been said.My friend and I dined here on a Wednesday summer night, around 9 p.m. We got a table right away. Our waiter was extremely friendly, and pointed out that there were coupons in the Grazie book. (Inquire at the Venetian to join for free.) We decided to pass, since you essentially got two big bottles of wine, and we were only two people. But it seemed like a good deal, for Vegas. I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. It was in a garlic butter sauce with arugula on top. Holy cow! I only got 6 ravioli for something like $28, but won't soon forget it. The rav, and my friend's penne pasta, AND the garlic bread, were all delicious.A few observations:-The wait staff is all very attractive.-Our water was never below half full.-LAVO has a pretty romantic atmosphere. -The place was decently crowded at that hour, but not packed. The nightclub didn't seem to be happening just yet.If the prices were a LITTLE less expensive, and the portions a LITTLE larger, I would have given it five stars. However, (it's Vegas, and) as I mentioned, the flavors and service were terrific. So if you're looking for a fancy Italian meal on the Strip in Vegas, go here.
4	**NIGHTCLUB REVIEW ONLY**THE GOOD:-We stayed at the Venetian so we got free passes to LAVO, which also put us right in the front of line and we did NOT have to wait! This was amazing considering it was Memorial Day weekend and there was a bunch of people in line waiting to get in.- As you walk into the club, you are encased in a glass walkway where you can see people dining downstairs.- It was a glow in the dark theme, which I didn't know when coming in so I was pleasantly surprised.  They were also handing out glow in the dark glasses.- The bartender was also amazing! We kept coming back for drinks and in our 3rd round, we said we wanted something fruity so he surprised us with his own mixture - it was UH-MAZING!  My sister can drink with the best of them so she rarely gets a buzz, but she was having an amazing time dancing and drinking it up thanks to our bartender.  (**TIP: Be nice to your bartender here! They are friendly and will be equally generous with their concoctions).- The music was also awesome!  We were at Pure Nightclub the night before and we all couldn't get into the groove of the music because the song selection was just that bad.  LAVO restored our faith in good music and Vegas clubs again and we had a great time!THE BAD:- The only thing I have an issue with is the small venue of LAVO.  Don't expect to be able to move around this club by the time it hits midnight. Thank goodness we arrived at 11pm and had at least a good hour to enjoy the music & drinks before we just couldn't stand the crowd anymore.OVERALL:A great club experience! - we got in, we got drinks, we danced to awesome music, and then we got out! - all within 1 hour - my are we efficient club-goers :)
4	Vegas baby!! So many food choices, LAVO is great for groups who want to stuff their faces with amazing Italian food, unfortunately you cant go partying after since you are so full!We ordered the pizzas, and I had the kobe beef spaghetti and meatballs. so tasty, almost as good as Raos. For dessert you must try the fried Oreo cookies, which is their signature dish.Also eating at the restaurant offers you admission to the club upstairs, if you can move after how much you eat :-)
4	** Nightclub Review**Overall the club was very fun.  I like the fact they have seating in the back, which is great since you don't have to buy a bottle to sit down.  The music kept everyone on the dance floor all night.  The place is pretty small and the line does form early.  The ONLY down fall, beware of the bartenders charging differently.  The first bartender charged us $22 for two drinks, but the others charged $25.  It was weird.  Overall, I would go back.
3	I was at Vegas over the weekend, and we decided to go to LAVO Nightclub on Saturday Night.  We had a blast there it was a good vegas night.  The music was pretty good, the people there weren't a bunch of douche's.  Overall it was good.  I just didnt like how it was so small and im pretty sure they went over capacity because there was absolutely no where to walk. Good thing we had bottle service because there was no way i was walking through that mess.  We tipped the bouncer in front of our table good money and he took care of us all night.  Made room for us to walk around and go to the bathroom, took people out of our corner that we didnt want there.  We felt like bosses so to say haha.  But i would recommend this nightclub if you want to experience the nightlife of vegas for a decent price compared to the thousands spent at other clubs.
4	We celebrated our friend's birthday here last night and it was good.  I'd say a 3.5, but I'll round up because it was comped.  The restaurant is really pretty inside.  It has dim-lighting and it's romantic. It was pretty empty so the ambiance was lacking a bit, but our table made for it. They served us family style: rigatoni, chicken parm, pizza, salad, truffle fries, and calamari.  I must say, most of it was pretty bomb, except the pizza. I thought the crust was super soggy.  I also did not like the salad - too much onion/shallot and orange slices were a weird addition. I loved the tomato cream sauce on the rigatoni, but my favorite dish was the calamari.  It had just a tiny kick of spice to it, but it was SOOO good.  Probably some of the best calamari I've ever had. The service was great.  The food took a bit, but they were always quick to refill waters and get us anything we needed.  I'd go back if we were going up to the club one night.Overall, a good dining experience.
2	Over priced mediocre food.  With that said, at the very least the restaurant had a beautiful atmosphere ruined by terrible service.  Although friendly there mo is to turn over their tables as quickly as possible. Drinks arrived after apps served, dinner before salads finished.  As my husband complained to our waiter, we are not at in and out. When paying $28  for  old pasta, expect  a lot more.  Very clear not just from our experience but from others their goal is to turn tables as fast as possible to a point it felt insulting. At the least after we voiced complaints the waiter could of at least offered to comp a drink that didn't show up for at least 20 minutes. Go elsewhere.
1	Wait for it...wait for it...wait for it...has it been 10 minutes yet? That's how long we waited on a not so crowded 7pm on Saturday night at our table before we left. But before we left, we watched not one, not two but at least three ear piece wearing managers walk by our table looking all too important but doing nothing. And 3-4 servers leaning against a wall and too many bus people without water in their hands walk by our table. We went across the lobby to CarneVino where we enjoyed first class service and a great meal. We told our server what just happened and he said, "It's a nightclub, not a restaurant!" Couldn't have said it better.
3	Had dinner here two years ago and enjoyed the appetizers so I went back there last night.  Was very excited to go back.  Back then I had a Caprese salad with green tomatoes and it was delicious.  I went back there and there was a similar mozzarella tomato salad on the menu but it wasn't the same.  There wasn't enough balsamic vinegar, which turned out to be a good thing because it was sour.  My husband had the Caesar Salad which was great but over priced.  We also had the chicken Parmesan which was too salty and definitely over priced. They didn't serve it with anything which was disappointing for the price. I asked for the dessert to go and confirmed that they were packing the strawberry shortcake but I ended up with the cheesecake.  Cheesecake was good but the cherries was sour.  Aside from the food, the music was fun and I liked the decor.  The waiters were friendly.
3	Restaurant review....Gorgeous decor & delish food. When I come to Vegas I love a restaurant that you get to dress up for and have a great date night out. This place is fantastic if you Re ready for dinner and party immediately after. I went in hopes of a more romantic dinner but this music in the places EXTREMLY loud and apparently a dj comes in at 9:30 to play in the restaurant. So if your in the mood for a nice expensive dinner and a party come here! If your looking for a romantic dinner with superb service, skip this place. Our waitress was uninterested and more attentive to her larger tales, just rude (that's why the 3 stars)
5	OMG!!!!! Yummy!!!! Best freaking meatball I have ever had in my life. Cheese   Cake was out of this world also a yummy spin n a classic using ricotta. Wish I could beam there anytime have so craved this place since I left. Top of my list defiantly.
4	Holy meatballs! Like most reviewers, I thought the meatballs were phenomenal. I think it could be eaten as a meal (or two) by itself. Really, really good and served with garlic bread! There was a hiccup in the kitchen and we accidentally received more garlic bread - it comes with the meatballs - so we really benefitted from the kitchen's snafu! =) The waiter was great. I am the type of person who always asks for recommendations for everything - appetizers, entrees, drinks, etc. He quickly noted this and recommended the sausage ragu and saggio cocktail. For entrees, we got the carbonara and the ravioli. To end - the oreo. Wonderful from start to finish.  It is on the noisy side but we expected that. We did not take advantage of this but dinner earns you entrance to the club. Added bonus: if you don't finish your cocktail, they give you to go cups =)
4	This is a chic place to grab dinner on the strip. Fun for ladies because of the free cocktails. I would plan on going somewhere else though if you're looking for a good place to go dancing. Although they place music, I feel as if it's more of a bar/restaurant than a nightclub. Good place to go though if you're looking for a trendy place to get food or a drink.
2	I am rating the restaurant only.  The food is expensive and not worth it at all.  I tried the grilled octopus appetizer and that was yummy.  If I were to go again, I'd get that only.  I had the Eggplant pasta with mozzarella and tomato.  It had way too many tomatoes and barely any eggplant.  The description made it sound like the Eggplant would be the highlight of the meal but with it barely present, I couldn't taste it at all.  I tried some other dishes that my friends got and none of them were impressive.  I'd prefer a place like Olive Garden than Lavo Italian Restaurant.
5	Vegas has some great restaurants, and well far too many that just seem to be getting by with a cool atmosphere and average food. This is NOT one of those just skimming by... this restaurant is FANTASTIC!We had a group of 14... which understandably can be a pain. They accommodated us  without hesitation, but that was just the start of it. Our server (I wish I caught his name) was outstanding. He was on top of it, gave great recommendations and even gave us a coupon from the hotel book for half off a magnum bottle of champagne (who does that?!).  Next... the food... umm wow. We had a bunch of appetizers (oysters, crab legs, flatbread, GARLIC BREAD). All delicious. There are 2 things you MUST try (not optional in my opinion)... the KOBE MEATBALLS... yeah... I dont even know how to describe how good they were and DEEP FRIED OREOS, well you can imagine what that deliciousness might be like. We had such a great experience that I had to ask for the manager after dinner... Jason was awesome and gave me his card and said not to hesitate to let him know if we needed anything else. This guy clearly knows how to do good business.I honestly cant recommend this restaurant enough... it is now my go to for all vegas trips!
3	Went to dinner first. Our apps were good but it took along time for our entrees to come out only to be cold. Asked our waiter to replace our food and could tell he was a bit flustered and frustrated because he was double sat. When our food finally came back out it was luke warm but not cold this time. Manager apologized for cold food and made the excuse that they werent expecting to be busy. Not sure how thats ok but whatever. They comped our apps so we compromised. Couldve ceen a better experience but we will try again another day to see if it gets better. Now the night club was another story. We got a table with bottle service and what this consists of is a couch with a small table roped off by the dance floor. Ur cramped and theres not alot of space so honestly i didnt find it worth it. People kept trying to sit down at our area if we got up to dance and it was very annoying... Bouncers didnt stop anyone from doing this either and asking them was like asking them for a million dollars... It wasnt happening....
5	This food...DAMN GOOD!! The beet salad was beyond good as were the asparagus. We had a party of 30 for my Aunt's bday celebration and it was about a six course meal and everything I ate was perfectly cooked, the seasoning were carefully thought out and executed to perfection. The chicken marsala was thinly done and small, but packed an incredible taste of the mushrooms underneath and sauce drizzled on top. Asparagus spears were seasoned with salt, garlic and lemon and sauteed the best I've ever had.The service was by far the best we had all weekend. I believe our server was Danny a young guy with tattoos on his arm. He was awesome. I sat at the table with my cousins and their kids (it was a younger table but well behaved kids) and he was helped serve the little ones so we could enjoy our meals, who does that? NO ONE EVER!! at least not the places I've been to. He was always right there filling our cups up as was the other server, I can't recall his name. I just remember he has a lil girl who was around the same age as my baby cousin and he was showing her pic to them, which we didn't mind and thought it was really cool how intimate they made the whole experience feel for us. We stayed at the Palazzo and I was not too impressed by the service, but the restaurant and service made up for a lot of it! I would recommend anyone visiting Vegas to try this place out and hopefully you get our servers and experience what we did. The entire party got the following: Kobe beef meatballs (two large ones) in marinara sauce, beet salad with vinagrette dressing (perfection) sauteed asparagus spears in lemon and garlic (awesome) calamari (tied for the best I've had) not greasy at all. Italian sausage with pasta and Bolognese Sauce (a bit salty, but creamy and very good) Chicken Parm (too greasy so I didn't touch it) didn't look that appetizing. Chicken Marsala (already spoke about) and Pasta Carbonara with bacon (this was on point!) Creamy, great taste with every bite, perfectly seasoned and great portions. Then we had chocolate cake with peanut butter filling with was too sweet for me but the filling was not your average skippy peanut butter. It was slick, creamy and perfectly sweet. Oh yea and the infamous fried oreo. I didn't eat this but everyone said how good it was.
5	Lavo is located inside the Palazzo, right on the strip. It has a little bit of everything on the menu: pasta, pizza, fish, meat. The inside is dim, dark wood, lanterns, and would have a romantic feel if it wasn't so loud-the music that is. We opted to sit outside on the terrace as it was a beautiful night. Everything on the menu looks great by the way. It's a la carte style so my friend and I ordered the calamari to start, the branzino and the ahi tuna for our entrees,  the mushrooms, and polenta "fries". The calamari was fresh, crispy, plump yet lightly battered and served with the most amazing marinara. They also brought some garlic bread to the table served with the same marinara sauce. Did I mention how much I love good marinara? Theirs was awesome too, I was in love.Our fish was cooked wonderfully. The mushrooms were tender, yet had crispy edges that made them so tasty. The polenta fries were one of the most creative plates I've seen in a long time. Essentially, these garlicky, buttery, seasoned, soft polenta delights were formed into large rectangular "fries" (there were four in an order) coated in breadcrumbs and fried like a mozzarella stick. Then, they were served with that amazing sauce. They were my favorite item of the evening. Their signature dessert is the fried oreos. We were full but didn't want to miss out on their signature dish. They were very, very good, but since I've had fried oreos at the state fair many times, they weren't a novel idea, nor much different. So, if you haven't ever tried them, get them, but if the concept isn't new to you you can try something different.Service was great. My water glass was full all night, empty plates cleared promptly, and our server offered some great suggestions on where to go out later that evening. The whole dining experience was just that, an experience, and a great one.
4	Had dinner here the first night I was in town. I've been hearing about the MEATBALL (note, singular, not plural) so much around the office that I HAD to find out what it was all about.Basically, it is a huge ball of meat (bigger than a baseball) that is made with kobe beef. In terms of meatballs: this is the best I have ever tried. Also had a seafood mix salad (came with huge chunks of lobster). Then came the entrees: chicken Marsala and the sea bass. The chicken Marsala left little to be desired: came with spinach and mushrooms and very thin pieces of chicken, topped with a very light rendition of the sauce. The sea bass was also very, very delicious. The skin was fried perfectly: it stayed together on the plate and just melted in my mouth. Comes with a small side argula salad which was pair very well with the fish.This is definitely on the pricier side. Also, take note: this place can be a bit loud (we sat inside) but I'd definitely be coming back to have the Meatball again. Perhaps I'll try the balcony next time which faces T.I. and their pirate/syren show.Tip: if you stop here, you would do yourself a disservice if you did not try their MEATBALL!
4	I just remember coming here when the girls and I were super hungry and ready to go on a carb binge. Eggplant Parm is phenomenal. They have a salad here call the Louie Salad which is a mix of seafood (lobster and shrimp) served over greens and vinaigrette topping. One of the best salads I have ever had. Drinks are served in slightly smaller glasses here, but don't let that fool you... way more alcohol than anticipated, and that creeped up on us after about an hour. Sneeeeeaky bartender!
4	This is a review for the club. We requested access to the guest list a couple of days beforehand and were let free.  We got there right before midnight and it was pretty packed. DJ Vice was the dj (usually on Sundays) and he played a great mix of genres.  Drinks were average priced and strong!Overall great fun especially if you are able to get in free via the guest list or passes from staying at the Palazzo.
1	Was thinking about hosting a big event here, but the manager didn't show up for the scheduled appointment even when I confirmed 24 hours prior.  Very unprofessional.
4	This review is for the nightclub only.I came for my friend's 21st birthday. The place was clean, but small. Most of our group consist of girls, so we got in within 2 minutes. Open bar for females from 11pm to 12 am. What more could you ask for? Even with the open bar, the bartenders were very attentive. We never had to wait more than a few minutes to get a drink. The dance floor is a bit small, but the music is good. They didn't play EDM the whole time, which I LOVE. The restrooms were nice and clean. If the dancefloor was bigger, i'd give this place 5 starts.
3	Ehh it was overpriced and average food. Could have made a better pasta myself. I have no problem with over priced if the food is one of a kinda and best thing ever, this wasn't the case.
3	did not eat here, but i did get drunk here.this place was...really what the stars say, a-ok. LOLit was kinda dirty? LOL like so many spills and thats not their fault but the way it was handled is. i saw so many that it should be taken in mind maybe its the way the place is designed that cause this vip section to have so many spills? theres too many bouncers, they made me feel uncomfortable. but this place was poppin none the less. the hosts all host at all tables they just move down the line and im not sure how i feel about that. but i guess it worked out that night. i saw a few check on the oj cranberry and water and then never to be seen with a refill...soooo are you doing your job? LOL. idk it was fun but it could of been better, i guess i expected more.
4	Came for dinner before a 9:30 show at the Mirage. We were seated at 6:30. Our drinks were a little slow, arriving after our meatball. I had asked the meatball to be brought at the same time as our entrees but, it was brought as an appetizer. It was so freaking delicious, I didn't even care. I will return a hundred times for the meatball if not for anything else. The complimentary bread & sauce was very good. I ordered spaghetti with tomato & basil and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband ordered chicken mushroom ravioli. Not so great. It had an odd brown gel-like sauce. It was not at all what my husband was expecting and it was a really small portion. He ordered an extra order of the bread ($6) because he wasn't full. Our service was ok. Drinks went empty and never were refilled, so we drank water. The GM came around and was very nice. Even more so when we told him we were locals. Then we ordered dessert and it took 30+ minutes for it to arrive. We had to pick up our show tickets 1 hour before the show and we barely made it! The waiter was apologetic about the long wait & finally offered to refill our drinks at that point. The zeppole Oreos were delicious, just not sure why it took so long. Had we not had the show to get to, I would not have minded as the people watching was fabulous. Overall the giant Meatball was the star of this dinner. Can't wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy the patio seating. A little expensive ($125w/tip) for a pasta dinner, but it wasn't shocking. It was expected.
4	LAVO is on the smaller side but I had such a good time here! There's not much more than a bar and a dancefloor. The Sunday night DJ played equal parts house and hip hop.
5	one of our favorite restaurants in vegas3rd time back spaghetti and meatballs are the best! and the deep fried oreos with a cup of vanilla ice cream is the best way to finish a meal!
4	Hmm, the first time I came here to eat, I was very disappointed and did not enjoy my meal at all!  The food was bland and did not entice my taste buds.  Now the second time I came here, I came with my friend who was visiting Vegas for the weekend.  It was a late meal and we were both HUNGRY!  haha.  Walking around the strip, the restaurant Lavo caught my friend's eye and we looked at the menu and she wanted to dine there.  I was a bit hesitant, but since she was the guest, I complied and asked for a seat for two for dinner.  As we got the menu, we were trying to decide what to order.  We ended up decided to order family style.  This mean, 2 friends, 5 dishes, ranging from salad, appetizers, a main entree, and including dessert!  We ordered their famous meat ball with ricotta cheese, the truffle fries, a lobster scampi pizza, and a fish dish with a delicious crouton salad that I forgot the name of!  The meatball was actually really good!  I can see why everyone talks about it!  It is one full pound of wagyu beef (very tender beef)  cooked with lots of flavors and topped with marinara sauce and ricotta cheese.  Eating it by itself was a bit too salty, so I paired it with their complimentary garlic bread.  Both of use only had 1/4 of the ball since we wanted to try everything else.  When the truffle fries came out, it was DELICIOUS!  Now this is how fries are suppose to be!  Semi burnt! ;-)  Hahaha.  I loved burnt potatoes!  Not of those light gold colored fries you get at McD's, but the dark brown, crispy fries that has been in the fryer longer than it was suppose to be!  hahahaha.  Topped with parmasean cheese and truffle oil, my mouth was dancing in joy with each bit!  Next up, the Lobster scampi Pizza and the fish dish (which was not memorable besides the crouton salad it came with).  Now Lobster scampi on top of a flat bread pizza...need I say more?  It was DELICIOUS!  No complaints there!  As for the fish dish, It was okay...but the croutons side dish was so good!  I swear what they did was cubed bread, deep fried it to a crisp, tossed it was cucumbers and tomato and served it!  Simple yet amazing!  Last but not least...dessert....not I know Lavo is known for their deep fried oreos...but after hearing about its texture, I was not appeased to even try it!  The waiter basically told us it tasted like oreo dough...in my mind (oreo soaked in oil)  Ouch...heart attack!  So instead, we chose to order the toasted marshmellow 7 layer rolled cake....such a great decision because it was what we both were craving!  It was a thin layer of chocolate cake, rolled with a vanilla type of cream and covered with chocolate ganache.  Very sweet, but perfect ending to such a delicious meal!  Now I wasn't impressed with my first experience here, and after giving it a second chance, LAVO has won my taste buds!  I'd recommend my friends to come here, so you should come and try it too! =)
5	My favorite restaurant on the strip by far! Meatballs are amazing and love the ambiance :)
1	Hmm...This was a last nite in Vegas and wanted a fancy dinner.    Looking back this was a pretty heavy meal, we should have not done it the last nite.   We were celebrating friend's bachelorette party and we got the package that includes entrance to Tao afterward.      It was pre determined menu and personalized which I thought was a great touch.   Was really looking forward to the last nite and just talking with the girlfriends.    We arrive and seated promptly.    Get to table and no thinking and our appetizers come.   It would have been nice to get our drink orders in at least.   So we are chit chatting talking barely made a dent in out apps and then our salads come out.      So now our tables is covered in food and its coming to fast.    I call over waiter and ask him to give us some time in between courses.   We received the apps and salads in matter for 10 minutes.      As we are talking another party comes but at our tables.     They are obviously drinking and making a distracting scene.     Yes I know it is Vegas and every one drinks.   But that doesn't mean you act ignorant.     However our dinner comes 10 minutes later and we still haven't finished our apps or salads so food is on table getting cold.     In the meantime, other table is getting louder and louder.    I ask the waiter to ask them to bring it down  a bit.     He then proceeds to tell me the table is friends with the owner.    And I said I understand I just want the to turn it back a little.     Not less than 1 minute later, the waiter goes to the table and tells them I wanted them to be quiet.    The other tables then starts to act ignorant (Dear Owner, I hope you talk to  your friends, it is bad reflection of the ownership)    We ignore them but livid with waiter on how he handles situation.    I ask the waiter to bring manager. The manager does not show up for 15 minutes.    Come to find out the waiter, tells manager that we started an altercation with other table.   I then grow livid.    We just finished our meal and left...Such a disappointment.
2	Well known upscale Italian restaurant that is quite inconsistent. I have had great meals but recently a very mediocre dining experience. Waitstaff were uninspiring and simply went through the motions. There are many places to choose from on the Vegas strip that will give you a better dining experience.
4	I got the dinner and bottle service package and it was a great deal. Dinner was awesome with the meatball appetizer and filet. Then the bottle service in the club was awesome. The club is small but we had our own place to dance and sit down. The bouncers were great at keeping our seats clear. Each table can really only sit 4 people so if u want more people to sit at once you should get separate bottle service packages but not needed if some people are dancing while others sit. Nice club and good hip hop and pop music. It is small though and I can't image going to the club without bottle service.
3	Review is for the nightclub portion only.I was here for Dash Berlin on a tuesday night, got guestlist from dash berlin world.  Went to the front, mentioned that I was on guestlist to about 3 or 4 people, and sent to a line that I thought was for guestlist.  Got to front of line, ID was checked, and sent inside where the lady said I needed a handstamp, or it will cost $20 each for cover.  Uhh, what? She mentioned I had to go back to the front, which I did, and of course they sent me back to the cashier, where I again mentioned I'm on the guestlist.  Apparently the fact that I had won a contest on DashBerlinWorld made things confusing for them.  Fortunately DB world had given me a printout that I was able to show them.This is Vegas, things really shouldn't be confusing - you have a line for guestlist, a line for GA, and a line for Bottle service.  The guestlist line should have a bouncer with a clipboard and he should be checking off names while verifying ID.  Sound was good, club was definitely on the small side, drinks moderately priced at $13 for a well mixed.  Secondary bar near the bathrooms were helpful and didn't have too long of a line.  Solid 3.5 stars, rounded down due to the guestlist circlejerk.
5	This place is perfect!!!! Their food is amazing, the environment is relaxed and perfect for a date;) I highly recommend the Shrimp Scampi, Sea Bass, or the Spaghetti. Also recommend the Gelato for dessert!They also serve garlic bread with marinara sauce complimentary. Which is delicious.
5	This club is one of the best. I got put on the guess list with a few of my friends on the strip in the middle of the day. When we got there there was a line out the door and people were arriving in limos. There were hot girls near the entrance. When we got inside we went upstairs and the floor was packed out with people. A VIP group was in a secret room next to the bar tender. She was overwhelmed with drink orders. It was hard to order a drink with so many people crowding and the noise. I went down stairs and it was not as hectic. People sat around the large bar and sat on couches nearby. When I went back up stairs LMFAO was there passing out light sticks. They had expensive jewelry, wild animal print clothes, and they knew how to dance. I just started jumping up and down with the crowd. I got in for free and had a blast.
5	Every restaurant should aspire to have service on this level.  We made reservations on open-table and unfortunately the restaurant was running late. The host apologized and gave us each a cocktail of our choice and a large prosciutto plater.  The wait staff was gorgeous and completely attentive.  Price wise- it was fair and expected, given the location and trendiness.  There is a Live DJ spinning as you eat and relax, knowing you will not be frustrated with lazy service.  5 stars and standing ovation.
4	I haven't had the pleasure of dining here yet but Im sure that's in the near future. But this place as a nightclub... is awesome. Came here a few weeks ago with a group for Dash Berlin. We had the table directly behind the DJ booth where we got to enjoy the music and intimacy with the DJ all night. It was truly an amazing experience. I really like venues like this one and Marquee Day Club. Where you can actually mingle with the DJ before/after his set. The ambiance was beautiful as well. Bartenders were great along with our cocktail server. I will defineatly be returning to this venue in the fiuture.
2	This nightclub was a dud.  My girlfriend and I stayed at the Palazzo, as such we decided to check it out since we didn't really want to leave the casino.  Upon our arrival, we were directed to a very long line.  We were supposed to be on their VIP list, and that long line was for VIP guests.  WTF? I might as well wait at the regular line because it moved even faster than ours.  This club did not live up to my expectations.  I expected spacious dance floor, high ceiling, opulent decoration.  What I saw was a tiny dance floor that we could barely move.  The club itself was very small compared to XS and some others.  I felt claustrophobic being inside this place.  My girlfriend's foot got injured because people stepped all over us.  We left after 30 minutes.  It was definitely not one of our best experiences.  I want my money back.  It's good thing we didn't pay or I would have tried to get my money back.
2	This review is STRICTLY for the nightclub at Lavo.  I've been to Lavo a few times.  I was not impressed at all the first time I was there and have only grudgingly gone back for friends birthdays/bachelorette parties.  I'm a local and I just cant understand the hype about Lavo.  The decoration is cool and its a very sexy vibe but for as much as you expect from their reputation, Lavo is TINY!!!! There's really only one square cut out for a dance floor and the stairs that lead up to it are always wet.  I don't personally think there should be stairs leading on and off a dance floor anyway.  Nevermind the few flights you have to walk up and down to get in and out of the club from the restaurant as is. The music was average. Not really much variety. Just all house music.  And it's so crowded in such a tiny space I've been burned by smokers' cigarettes on more than one occasion.  I'm not even a smoker.  Like I said, I understand the Vegas nightlife and I've seen smaller clubs than Lavo but for how many people rave about this place I think it's way over-hyped.
5	oldie but goodie There are very few places that are open on Sundays in vegas for clubbing. It was either Lavo, XS, Bank and Hakkassan. We chose Lavo because we've been there before and it's always a good time with my girls plus I don't like XS because we want to dance not sit by the pool; The Bank is just a pass; we had already gone to Hakkassan twice that weekend. Lavo is a small venue but they play top 40/hip hop. They had a stretch in the middle where the DJ played some EDM but luckily it wasn't for too long. The crowd is usually pretty diverse but I think it's starting to get a little older like 30+. I will be honest and say, I don't think everyone who comes here will have as good of a time as we did because 1) we got bottle service 2) we were a bachelorette party of 11 crazy girls. My promoter, Paul Burboa, hooked it up!!! He made sure our we got a good deal on bottle service! They seated us all the way in the very back by the bar....slightly disappointed but we made the best out of it. The liquor started flowing and so did the good times and lap dances =). Some of the girls were dancing on the platform behind our table and we started mingling with the tables next to ours. We were soon approached and asked to relocate to a better table that was right behind the DJ. We had great views from our new table to enjoy the champagne shower contest. We ended up getting moved for a second time to fill an empty table that was right next to the dance floor! We didn't mind all the moving because we kept getting upgraded to better tables. After all that moving, the manager came over to thank us for being his best group that night! The security guards were AWESOME! The club was packed so they made a pathway for us to make our way to the new tables. They stopped creepers from getting into our area. Some guy tipped our bouncer $2 to try to get into our bottle service, needless to say he stayed on the outside of the ropes LOL. I mentioned earlier that lap dances were going down and I guess they're not allowed in nightclubs so the bouncers would come over and tap us to stop. When we saw them coming, we already knew and just smiled like we weren't doing anything wrong. At the end of the night, they escorted us out of the club. Oh, I can't forget to mention, they had cute busboys too =)
1	Do never ever go there they are stealing money From people I order a shot of tequila cost me 60$$$$$$$Be careful from these bartenders
4	Oh how I love this place! Every time I amI'm vegas I have to eat here. The first few times we ate here the pasta was amazing and totally worth it, and they always give you a complimentary loaf of bread w sauce which melts in your mouth. Sadly tho the last few times we are here the pasta wasn't very good and the hubby doesn't want to keep coming back here, but at least we can keep coming back here for the most important part which is the dessert. Anytime you are in vegas you must get the deep fries Oreos that come w a vanilla milkshake, nothing compares to this dessert.. Nothing
4	Great strip views on the patio - you will really feel the Vegas Vibe . Pretty expensive - huge and amazing meatballs with ricotta - great club to dance !
4	Between Lavo and Tao for a dinner and club experience I think Lavo is much better.  The food is good (of course also pricy, but it's vegas) and the club, while smaller, was easier to get around and seemed to have a more upscale clientele.  I wouldn't go back just for dinner or just for a club, but if I had to plan a bachelor party and needed the dinner/club combo again i would choose Lavo easily.  We went with 14 dudes and had a great time.
4	Early dinner reservation before Rock of Ages show. We chose outdoors on the terrace...excellent choice if the weather is right...and it was...plus, they have enormous lamp heaters which worked perfectly later on. Sun was down, perfect al fresco dining weather and all the police/ ambulence sirens were in full force. You sit above the street foot traffic...so, that is never part of the experience and the view down the south Strip is delightful. Our server was polished and knowledgeable...the food was excellent. GF had ahi...I had pork cheeks pasta...we split the shrimp louie salad (thank goodness, the thing was huge) and a couple of glasses of wine with dinner. Quite good all the way through...even with the ambient noise. The twenty layer chocolate & peanut butter cake almost got my GF...but she was wearing this amazingly form fitting dress...and did not want to risk what that desert would have done to her silhouette. My desert was the garlic bread and marinara sauce...totally addictive. Two c-notes should cover it.
4	Went here on a Sunday through Darko as our host. Didnt eat here for dinner. We had 3 guys 5 girls and all got free entrance. Girls got a 11 to 12 wristband for open bar. Well drinks only. The scene: Small venue compared to all the other clubs out here. Nice decor. More table areas then a dance floor. There is no outside patio. Not much seating if you do not have a table.The music and dance floor: mainly hip hop and some edm. Because the dance floor was small it got crowded quickly ut we managed to keep an area for our group without a problem.The crowd: More of a 35 and over club and men in business attire. We were probably the youngest group there but that didnt matter.The bartenders: The main bar was great drinks were perfect. Open bar for ladies what there to complain about? Whoever the bartender at the small bar made our drinks incorrectly. Asked for a vodka colins and I saw her poor tequila. Lol we were all too drunk to complain at this point. There is a small seating area near the elevator where u can rest if they its not used for bottle service that day. Overall our group had a great time. Regardless of the size of it and crowd. We just wanted to dance. :)
5	Lavo Brunch:Had brunch on the patio at Lavo yesterday.  I must say I enjoyed every bit! Not only was the weather perfect but everything else was also!  We shared our meal at the table, started out with Chopped Louie Salad and Ceasars Salad which were both delicious!  Next we shared a Carne Pizza, Penne Seafood Alfredo, and the 14oz New York Strip.  They were all perfect!  Our server Sal was attentive but not over bearing!  Would love to go back, and I plan on sending guests to dine with you for Brunch for sure!
1	My Wife made reservations for us at Palazzo for my Birthday. We had read that Lavo was great for the Sunday Brunch so we decided to start the day with the Brunch. Lavo opened at 10:00AM and we arrived a few minutes before opening. When we arrived there were already people in the waiting area therefore we figured that it would be best to check in with the hostess in case they get busy. Upon greeting the hostess we were given a strange look like what are you doing here and then she said can I help you. We told her we were there for the Brunch at which time she said they were not open and we could wait. Remember, we were three minutes early. We walked around until we noticed a couch near the dining area and we decided to wait here. After 20 minutes of waiting and watching an unorganized staff the hostess came to us and asked if we were waiting for a table. We told her once again that we were waiting for a table and she then proceeded to a table in the dining room for us to have a seat. We asked if the terrace was available as we had read that the terrace was nice. She did not know and had to ask a server who told her yes. The hostess then directed us to the terrace where we were seated and provided menus. After another 15 minutes of not being helped or even acknowledged we got up and walked out. As we left all of the wait staff was in the area and not one of the staff asked us if we needed anything. as we walked past the hostess station there was another employee there that appeared to have some level of authority as they were in business attire. As we were leaving I said to her that we were leaving after 30 minutes of waiting and there was not response. We left and went to Mario Batli's Enoteco Otto where we had a wonderful experience.
5	Not Just a Night Club! - During the Fall and Winter Season "LAVO BRUNCH" takes over 2pm-6pm in the restaurant area downstairs! Don't let the title fool you.  This is a crazy party! Time to Drink! - If You eat here for Dinner you must try the World Famous Meatballs!
3	Had a nice dinner on 12/9/13.  Started off with two creat, strong cocktails, perfect.  Everyone was ver nice, young , and very attractive in their role appropriate uniform. Nice crowd, busy but not packed. Food was delivered at a swift efficient pace.Now, to food quality, downhill.  Ceasar salad brown lettuce, otherwise good, cool, great dressing, flakes of parmesan.  Sea bass, old, dry, smelly, not at all appetizingThe veal parmisinio was overcoaked, but delivered with melted cheese and good marinara sauce.We were planning to retun during our stay, but now will probably not retun due to poor kitchen execution.
3	This is only for the nightclub, not the restaurant or brunch.Still a tiny club but it is super convenient when you are staying at the Palazzo and all your girl friends arrive to Vegas around 10:30pm.  We were able to have some chill time in the room and make it down to Lavo at 1:30am and get in for free.  This was really fun for us since we weren't expecting much to do at that hour anyway.  All the girls got in free and the club was dead inside but that didn't stop us from having fun with the 20-30 other ppl still in there.  It was mostly hip-hop and other random songs at that point of the night.  The bouncers wanted us to dance on the ledge behind the DJ which was fun.  We all got free Ciroc and cranberry using our hotel coupons that we got at the front desk when checking in.  Each booklet has a coupon for free entry and drinks for up to 4 people.  Sweet!After we left Lavo they told us to walk to Tao and get in with our Lavo stamp.  So that we did!  Haha.  Fun night, no stress.  I wouldn't come here as my main Vegas club event, but it was an easy late Friday night out activity.  I NEED TO TRY LAVO PARTY BRUNCH THOUGH!!!!!  I bet that would be fun.  I miss day clubs so much.
2	Service mediocre, food mediocre, drinks mediocre. One cocktail $14, the daily special of Kobe skirt flank $46. The grilled octopus was decent though and the Seafood Alfredo was surprisingly good. Get those if you're going to this restaurant. Not worth it, per usual with most hotel restaurants.
3	On first meeting, our waiter thought we were rubes. (Not sure why, since we were dressed well.) I politely nodded through the explanation of the menu (appetizers on the left, pizzas in the middle, entrees on the right) and we promptly ordered a bunch of small plates, sides, and 70-year-old tequila.Waiter's demeanor changed immediately.Despite having a sad, stale excuse for a garlic bread service, Lavo was decent. I loved the dark, contemporary atmosphere. The food was good, but not fantastic. Our offerings were sequenced and spaced nicely. My favorite dish was actually the haricot verts with pine nuts, which were blanched, shocked, and sauteed in an obscene amount of garlic and butter, giving them a fiesty texture. The assertive, nutty vinaigrette with the tuna tartare took a close second, but the dish had far too much avocado to call it a true win.In all, we left satisfied, but bemused.Don't underestimate your customers. We have as much of an opportunity to surprise you as you do to surprise us.
3	Really nice venue, with a great huge bar. Having been to the original in midtown NYC this is nothing like it. The food isn't quite as good as NYC, but it's still decent for sure. We tried a slew of share-able foods. The service was excellent at the bar and at our table. The waitresses are all hotties, which is never a bad thing.Food reviews from best to worst:Kobe rice balls were by far the best thing we tasted, we ordered a second plate of them they were so good.Kobe Meatball is excellent and huge, great meat texture.Burrata salad was a special and was done nicely, but not as great as other spots nearby (such as B&B). Eggplant parm was decent, not enough sauce, and too heavy/oily.Skipped Scallops and the calamari, since I'm allergic.
4	I totally think that restaurants that are nightclubs/lounges at night need to have a separate account for each.It is too messy to sort out the food and club portion.With that said, this review is completely for the food!The girls and I came for a set comped dinner (so please do excuse me if I name something horribly wrong) at about 9:00PM at night.We waited FOREVER. Like, seriously, I was really wondering what in the world we did to them to deserve this type of wait. They were nice enough to comp us two drinks to help us offset the wait, which helped, but we were still hungry like hippos.Finally, all the food came, all at once (Maybe they realized that 10 extremely hungry girls were going to lick the plate clean if they did it 1 by 1).There were (drumroll):A salad, standard fare. We'll munch on our greens but I want some food!Chicken Parmesan. A little bit dry, but the sauce was good with the right amount of cheese.Pizza on flatbread. Probably my least favorite of everything, it simply didn't wow.Thinly sliced deep fried zucchini. It felt super light, I felt like I was eating delicious air. Calorie-wise though, probably a little on the heavy side.Deep fried calamari. Quite possibly one of the best calamari I have had when it comes to deep frying. Still crispy and light.Salmon on a cucumber salad. Finally, not dry and overcooked salmon. It taste fresh and surprisingly buttery.There might have been more things along the way, but I can't think of everything. We left feeling full and way too sassy to go to the nightclub but did so anyways.I definitely don't think it's the best food I have ever had, but it was comped and therefore made it 1-star better.Enjoy!
3	This review is for the CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH. Lavo Champagne Brunch runs every Saturday during non-pool season from 2-6pm. It takes place inside the restaurant, not the nightclub. I am not sure what the cover charge is, but our promoter for Marquee was also working as a promoter for the brunch and she got us in right away with no cover and no waiting in line. So be sure to look into that option first. We arrived at 3pm and it was a little weird because people were just eating at tables and there was a dj spinning and gogo dancers. There is a minum purchase for a table with food and/or drinks, just like at the nightclubs. Once it became about 3:30 or 4, the place went full on nightclub status. The lights were turned down, the music was turned up, and everyone was dancing and waving light sticks. Drinks: Pricey but on par with Vegas prices. Most drinks were $13, even a glass of champage. Attire: Guys should dress dressy casual. Girls can wear anything but most girls wore short dresses that are slightly less dressy than the ones you would wear to a nightclub. Overall, Lavo Champagne Brunch is a fun place to get daydrunk and preparty for the nightclubs.
5	My Fiance went to Lavo for girls night and raved how good it was so we went with a big group.  I haven't been there in over a year and the food was great!  Great meatballs and eggplant parm for apps and my bone-in filet was top notch.   Great place to come for dinner then stick around for the club upstairs!
3	Nice Ambient, food very tasty but somehow we felt push by our server trying to pushes everything in the menu maybe he was trying to hard , price is little high for the value . I know they were extremely busy but we did wanted  to enjoy our meal everything was coming way to fast food not enough time to enjoy an expensive meal , plate were coming one behind the other super fast to fast
4	The food is yummy and the service is great!
3	Very nice restaurant. I found it odd that they were playing oldies rap & RnB in a supposed upscale place. I tried the Vodka sauce penne with chicken, and some sort of chicken pizza. The food was good, however the 'wow' factor was missing. Expected more out of this place.
2	Service terrible. We waited forever to get our food.  Would not recommend!  Coming from NY -  food was just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  Rice balls had to get sent back. Kobe ricotta meatball was good.The spaghetti with the whole lobster de shelled  was definitely not a whole lobster.  The yellowfin tuna was good.Definitely was not worth the money.  You had to ask for a glass of water. Drinks were watered down. If you have a few hours to kill and not interested in a good meal this is the place for you.
3	The cover photo of this is totally misleading! I almost missed it by a thread. Anyhoozies.. I haven't been here as a restaurant but as a pre-pahty bar/dance warm up, yes. Lavo has the luxury open bar from 10:30-Midnight on certain weekends. Whenever I plan a trip, open bar for the ladies at Lavo is always an option. Whenever I am in sin city the only drinks I can drink is red-bull vodka to keep my sleepy-self awake throughout the night. I know, I know.. energy drinks + sugar + alcohol is not great for your diet plus health. But it's sin city! Gluttony and debauchery is allowed. Music played here is always Top 40's + Mainstream Hip Hop unless stated otherwise. Mind you this is not a full nightclub. It is more of a big lounge with room to walk and breathe. There is bottle service for you fancies out there. Located in the Palazzo, on the entrance side. So you cannot missed it. Great place to pre-pahty, but don't get too trashed so you can jump to the next club. Staff are not peculiar, crowd ranges a lot since this is not usually the club folks would stay for the rest of the night. I wouldn't mind trying out the food here. The cover photo dish looks pretty delicious actually. :)
5	Thank you Francis and Johnny for making our anniversary/birthday dinner so much fun. Food was excellent, especially the sea bass and fried Oreos. Wonderful dinner experience.
4	I was in a bind and managed to get a reservation for 4 on a convention week on literally 10 minutes notice -- SCORE. Of course, it was at an old person time, but still. The restaurant filled up pretty quickly after we arrived, so we got very lucky.The service here was friendly, but not too rehearsed, like it is in many of these nice hotel restaurants on the strip. Aperol negroni was awesome, unlike anything I'd had before. The menu is simple enough for people with different culinary incliations to find anything, and I was happy with the kobe meatball with spagetti.
4	Woo Hoo! I'm a fan of this place! What a great place to go if you want some good food and especially if you plan on clubbing at Tao after!! For a high end restaurant, portions are pretty big and the prices not so much. Most dishes run in the 20's but there are some that are about 40. We had 6 people in our dinner party can came here to celebrate my friends divorce. We came at 8 pm, our reservation was for 8:15 pm and we were immediately seated! Our bills was was about 260 or so and after tip it was about 315. We ordered 3 appetizers, 4 entrees, a pizza and each of us had a drink. It was an average of about 50 each person and we were stuffed! Among the appetizers, we got the mushrooms, truffle fries and their famous meatball. For the entrees, we got fish (I forgot which one), carbonara, the kobe spaghetti, and a pizza. To me everything tasted good. I thoroughly enjoyed my carbonara... very rich, tasty, and total comfort food. The kobe meatball was tasty and melted in your mouth! I didn't try the pizza because my friend was lactose and got a pizza without the cheese... she said it wasn't too bad, not the worst but she wasn't wowed by it. I stayed at The Venetian, so I was able to charge the meal to my room and earn points. In my room, there was also a card for a free cocktail with entree. All of us girls had the pomegranate lemonade drink. The alcohol taste wasn't strong and it was pretty good. We all finished it. I don't remember our waiters name, but he was cute and gave us excellent service, everyone was really nice and efficient. The workers here work quick and hard! They carry stuff like it's nothing! We all couldn't believe it... by 9 pm, we had all our food AND had finished eating! Now that's fast! Sometimes at restaurants, it takes like 30 minutes for food to come out! And no, we were not eating fast either, no one even checked the time till we left! I like the decor. It's very dark inside though, with water elements all around. Upstairs, LAVO is no longer a nightclub. It is now an ultralounge. After you eat, go upstairs and check out the lounge. It's got a romantic dark vibe to it and very laid back since it's now a lounge (they still have the Saturday brunches which I believe is more club-vibe). Get your receipt from your meal and show it to the cocktail waitress upstairs in the lounge. Everyone in your party will get a FREE drink! We were able to get cocktails! So each of us got another cocktail at $14 each! That is a great deal!! So we each got to enjoy appetizers, entrees, and 2 cocktails for about $50 a person! ... but wait, the night isn't over yet!Before leaving LAVO, get your stamp from the door people for entry into Tao. We took our time walking to Tao as I think it was barely 11 pm after hanging out in the lounge for a bit and doing some gambling. A line was already in place for Tao going to the door... my friends kinda freaked about the line and I said not to worry because I'm a pro and practically live in Vegas! LOL. We walked right up to the bouncers, showed our stamp and walked right in!! NO line... and NO paying!! We grabbed more drinks at Tao and I showed them around the club. It was still pretty early for clubbing so the place wasn't packed. I was kind of bummed the roof was closed...For about $50, we got lots of food, drinks, and clubbing! Sounds like a cheap night out!!Both LAVO and Tao offer table packages too. Which, originally we were going to book, but the only dinner time for LAVO was 1030 pm and I told my friend I can't fill up on drinks and down tons of liquor that soon after because I will get sick. Anyways, the packages start at $82/person... for our group of 6 it would have been about $120 each person. This includes a 3 course meal at either LAVO or Tao AND a table with bottle service at Tao. I had called and asked for more information because I was going to seriously book this package and the alcohol included is top liquor alcohol... which included Gray Goose!! I did the math and if you get the most expensive item on each of the courses for LAVO, it's already $70! If you go this route, then you will have a table and sitting room... plus your own table bodyguard at the club. That what I want to do next time and feel like I'm a baller VIP! LOL. Dinner at Tao for this package however starts at 530 pm for Fri, Sat, Sun. Dinner at LAVO for this package starts at 530 pm on Fri and Sun, Sat starts at 1030 pm. I would choose to eat at LAVO because the food there is more pricey for the same package price and plus I'm Asian, so I don't like the high end Asian eateries because the best ones are the hole in the wall places. I will definitely be back here again, especially if I am planning on clubbing at Tao!
4	THIS PLACE IS POPPIN ON SAT for the Champagne brunch. Went there around 215-230 no cover for our group of guys.The ratio was literally 4 girls to 1 guy and more girls just kept coming in.Once 3:30pm starts the lights go down and it becomes a nightclub! Super fun and chill environment. Food was good at the bar and the drinks are strong. There is an outside patio too which was nice. Tiesto was there when I went and he was partying it up. You get Champagne goggle glasses to protect your eyes and it's just one crazy party! Definitely coming back during non-pool season
5	Place is amazing great food and great vibe!!also know know for the best day time party all winter lavo brunch! In in vegas you must check this place out!!
3	I'd give Lavo 3.5 stars, big serving sizes (each plate our group ordered could easily be shared) food wasn't bad, wasn't the best tasting pasta I've ever had but I guess when in Vegas you pay Vegas prices!
2	Went here on a Saturday night for dinner before a night out in Vegas. To be honest the setting is great - nice lofty, extravagant restaurant feel you want when you're in Vegas but the food was just a bit 'meh' and the worst thing was the air-conditioning. We had to ask to be moved to a more central table just to get body heat off the rest of the diners and we saw other tables do the same or put their jackets back on. We were a group of 4 and share 2 pizzas and 2 salads - which were all just ok. The pizza's were fairly dry as they only seemed to use chopped tomatoes as a sauce base rather than any passata and the salads were measly for around $18-19 a pop!It was Ok but I wouldn't rush back.
2	Nice restaurant/club/lounge. Italian food is good, but not great. Noisy atmosphere. DJ plays in the restaurant while you eat. Hard to have dinner conversation. My biggest problem with Lavo was the service, from start to finish. Checked in for my 830 reservation & was told they were "running a little behind". Fine. 45 minutes later we finally got seated. No apology. No "let me buy you a drink while you wait". No manager checking on us or offering anything for the inconvenience. Tables are, of course, on top of each other. Waiters do a good job, but are over loaded. They are running constantly. Do not look for too much attention. Lastly, we had a "mystery charge" on our bill, which I assume most people pay unnecessarily if they don't read the check. I understand mistakes happen & I wouldn't mention this as a negative except that I noticed the same waiter had the same "mistake" with the couple two tables away from us immediately before we paid our bill. I guess we weren't ordering enough to run up the bill so they did it for us. Of course, no apology was forthcoming from, the manager upon his correction of this error either. With all of the restaurant choices in Vegas (or just at The Venetian for that matter) I am surprised this place is surviving. I'll never go back.
5	This is NOT a review on the nightclub portion.. We went to dinner here this weekend and fell in love! Their staff is so accommodating to gluten allergies and very knowledgeable about their menu and wine list. The service was spot on! The food was out of this world.
5	From the bread all the way to the desert, everything was so  delicious. The meatballs is to die for. The beat salad perfect. Love love the food! Def recommending this place to everyone!
5	Awesome club, great DJ's and cool drinks!
1	Homophobic and sexist. Don't come here. You will be treated as a minority and second class citizen if you are gay.
4	Enjoyed a signature cocktail. Oysters and famous meatball was a must. I love bread but rarely would I mention in a review, but their garlic bread is maybe the best I have had - so evenly crispy but melts in you mouth. Great service and hip vibe.
4	If you're in Vegas on a Saturday and you don't want to see the sun during the day, come here! The place is AMAZING! You'll forget all of life's problems...WOO! The best part is you get to do so many things you'll regret BEFORE the sun goes down!
1	Decent service but horrible food! This was the only place we could get in on short notice around 10:30 on a Monday night. The lobster bisque was inedible, the chopped Louie salad was 90% onions, 9% mixed greens and 1% lobster and shrimp and the sea bass was so so. Reasonably priced for Vegas but definitely not somewhere I would recommend. I'm not sure if it was the alcohol I consumed that night or the food at Lavo (probably the food) but it did not sit well and violently came back up the way it went down the next morning. Tmi, sorry.
4	Free for local ladies (not sure if it's only on certain nights).Music alternates between hiphop and house. (I wish they played more hiphop/top 40 because I hate house music).Every hour or so they blast foam bubbles onto the dance floor.One time when we were there, they gave out free glow sticks to the people on the dance floor.Dance floor starts to get packed around midnight and there's hardly any room to move around (this was on a Sun when they used to be open on Sun).
4	Our pasta was delicious. Atmosphere was dark and fun (a precursor to a night out at a dance club - DJ and all). Service was prompt and thorough. Only complaint is it was a little cramped. Our table was right between two other parties and it didn't feel very private. Perhaps the darkness and music is to help remedy this.
4	Went to Lavo for my birthday dinner on Tuesday and it was pretty good. The service is great. The food was great. I ordered the mussels and clams in a salsa verde sauce for my appetizer... Amazing!!!!! For my entree, I had the linguini with mixed seafood and that was okay. It was supposed to be spicy I believe but lacked spice. My bf had the seafood Alfredo and I tasted a little bit of it. He enjoyed it I preferably didn't like the lobster butter sauce they added to it. Just wasn't something my tongue appreciated. Lol I would definitely go back for those clams!!! After I ate, we went up to Tao, the nightclub and we enjoyed that since the atmosphere was "loungy."
4	Great meal.  Great view.
1	What a huge dissappointment!  We were looking for a place to have a nice dinner while sitting outside and getting some fresh air.  Although the reviews were mixed, I thought we would try it out anyway, big mistake.  The service was as bad as the food, which was overpriced and either too salty and/or overcooked.  They do know what al dente pasta is, but sauces were bland and way oversalted -- and I love salt.  The chicken marsala -- I thought it was probably what you would expect from the olive garden.  Our server, Donnie, was so phony and clearly more interested in the tables with young women.  You would have thought he was in the club rather than serving in the restaurant.  I would also like to add that the ice water served at the table was HORRIBLE tasting and we had no choice but to order the sparkling and I found myself wondering if this was intentional as I had not had anything that tasted so discusting in the several other area restaurants we had eaten in previous days.  I specifically also asked that the champagne be iced cold -- generally they put it on ice for a few minutes before and I did add that I was very particular about this -- clearly it came right out of the cooler as it was not cold but cool.  The hostesses and some other servers and staff were very friendly and had sincere smiles -- unlike Donnie.  Bottom line, there are too many better restauants nearby to choose from to have to settle for this!
3	Mediocre food in a trendy atmosphere. Expected a good meal, instead got dry and over salted chicken parm. Waiter never checked with us on how the meal was after it was dropped off by the runner. Manager came over with attitude to inquire on our complaint, but barely acknowledged it. Eat elsewhere, then come for the drinks upstairs.
3	The Kobe Beef Meatball and their Sangria is a good enough reason to spark my return. Service was eh. Rude hostesses (we got there 5 minutes after our reservation and were told because of our "tardiness we'd just have to wait). Bartender was also rude. Waiter was great. But that meatball was lovely.
4	Delicious but way too expensive
4	Super cool place and we were sat almost immediately and accommodated with a new table.   Our drink and appetizer orders were quick.  Our meal of simple stuff took almost 40 minutes.  Once it arrived it was good although the Kobe meatball was very salty and it and the cheese ravioli were Luke warm.
1	Had a ressie for 9:30...showed up...was given a beeper as if i had not made a ressie...excited for the food...not excited to tip
5	Great ambiance, decor, service and food. The Oreo dessert is to die for! Ryan was super helpful and made us feel like VIP. Definitely worth making it on your to do list for when visiting Vegas
5	Always a number nice experience when I go here,say hi to Roger in the bar upstairs he is a world class mixologistTry the 1 lbs meatball with the ricotta cheese it is the best , good for 2 people unless your hungry
2	A friend and I had dinner here and was treated great by Sal. THE MUSIC SUCKS! SO NOT FOR THIS SETTING! COME ON GUYS! REALLY? So loud at points.We both ordered things to share. Meatball, tender , pretty good,Lobster Ravioli, very good.(Another pasta  dish) forgettable! Pasta was was undercooked, when we mention it - was told oh it's typical for it's a thick pasta; really? I disagree. They did offer to make another and or replace.We ordered 2 side veggies, Asparagus and Rosemary potatoes =  Nothing great about these, just what it is, but WAY small portions and WAY over priced!Had some great cocktails. Dessert =  20 layer cake , really good, rich  but good worth it.Fried Oreo Z's. AMAZING! A must try. I think over all I'd give these guys a  another try, just different items next time. NOTE: If your going to charge that much,  make it worth it including the ambiance. Just was off with that crazy music you played.Beautiful decor, just whole place didn't blend, off?
1	Most probably the worst Italian food I ever had .....the meatballs they talk so highly about were salty, the pasta was not fresh and tasted like it came out of a package! The sangria was made with frozen fruit not fresh and worst of all I asked for no bacon in my pasta for kosher reasons and the waiter put my plate down and stated no bacon as to which it was covered in bacon and couldn't eat it! My husband went to the manager to complain so he comped the pasta but the manager did not once come to the table to apologize ! Disgusting food and poor management and won't be returning !
5	Let me start by saying we had eaten in a few places in Las Vegas on this trip expecting to be blown away only to be disappointed.  Lavo was our last chance... And finally... What we expected!!!  We are on their patio which was a beautiful view of the strip. We started with a cocktail to unwind as we looked over the menu. We knew we were going to go heavy food wise so we choose a lighter app... The tuna tartar ( I wanted one of the giant meatballs but my girl said it would be too much, we did see them tho... She admitted it looked as if she made the right choice by the size). The tartar was amazing. Next we choose a moderate wine ($85) The Molly Dooker... Great blend. Our entrees were excellent as well. The real treat was the tiramisu... One of the best I have ever had. Our service was one of the best we had on our trip as two servers tag teamed their patio. I highly recommend for great Italian to give Lavo a try... You won't be disappointed
1	Worst Italian food I ever had,  both dishes me and my boyfriend had was super super salty,  it's so salty that hurts my tongue and I have to keep drinking water. The best food maybe was the complimentary garlic bread....
2	Went for a friend's bachelorette dinner and was not impressed at all.  Service was pretty much non-existent (the server didn't check on how our food was), the food came out almost cold, and the taste was just mediocre.  The ambience is ok for small tables as music is loud, making it difficult to converse with a large group.  But then again, I wouldn't waste your $ on this place.
1	Terrible experience.    They lost our reservation for an Anniversary dinner .... we ends up seated between multiple other couples...music too loud to hear each other talk...he salami plate was one of the weakest presentations we have had....Caesar was over dressed and salty and the main course of veal parm was overcooked and salty.  The only highlight was our server and the wine.   So many better options for Italian in Vegas!
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for our 10 year anniversary and looking for somewhere with a nice atmosphere and view for dinner.  I read some reviews and decided to make a reservation at Lavo.  We were not disappointed. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the view of the strip and beautiful evening weather. The appetizers were excellent and main courses too.  The best part was the fried Oreos that our waitress recommended.  They may be the best thing I have ever tasted.  Be sure to save room for desert.  There was music playing, but it was not nearly as loud or distracting as some of the reviews made it sound.  Everything about our experience was top notch.  Will definitely be back on our next trip
5	Amazing! Have to try the Sunday Brunch. Great food and atomsphere!!
5	Get the meatball! Seriously, it is so awesome! We had some chicken Marsala as well, but I could have easily eaten meatballs all night.  The drinks were really good as well, and we sat outside so we could people watch on the strip. We will be here again soon!
3	3.5/5 for meMake sure to make reservations, as it was packed!   The food was good and service was very attentive.I recommend the flatbreads - Magherita and PorchettaPastas were all good and everyone in my party was happy that they were cooked al dente but maybe just a bit too much sauce on the rigatoni alla melanzane and ricotta cavatelli.Buon appetito
2	This review is for the brunch at Lavo on a Sunday. We were a large group of 10 ladies. While service was OK and understandably so due to the large number of similar all-woman tables, the biggest problem wasn't the service, it was the food. None of the dishes we ordered were any good. No one at the table was pleased. My chicken in my caesar salad was dry and tasteless, the eggs benedict was undercooked, the steak was dry, and the rest was mediocre. The decor is great and the club is worth it. The brunch, not so much!
3	little disappointed with the waiters recommendation of the sea bass.. quite citrusy and unimaginative overall  with just those sliced cherry tomatoes, red and yellow.. the fish was not fresh.. I have to say the the large meatball appetizer was really nice..
5	Absolutely delicious and great service.The garlic bread was delicious and probably the best I've had at any restaurant.  The linguine with mixed seafood was also amazing- with the spicy sauce, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and clams!  The truffle fries are also delicious as well. Must try.
4	Nice and swanky!The food is good also. It's pretty much a bar scene, but hey, it's Vegas!It's loud so probably not the best place for a romantic meal or a business meeting. You go here to have fun, eat good food and drink until you black-out. Ok maybe that's a bit extreme, but the place could do it to you.Oh and the selection of food and drinks are enormous. You will find something here to satisfy you.Don't forget to try one of the delicious desserts. Yum!
5	I had a hankering for pasta and Lavo hit the spot. After parking in the Palazzo and trekking it to the Venetian, did I realize the Lavo is in the Palazzo.  My suggestion is park in the Palazzo and look for the signs showing guest registration and you will run into Lavo. They do accept reservations so call ahead especially on busy nights. After three weeks of low carbing, pasta was the only thing on my mind. With a plethora of Italian restaurants off the strip, out of all the reviews, Lavo seemed to fit.  I chose to sit out on the patio, despite being 10pm it was still a cool 93F outside. With EDM playing in the background and the glimmering lights from the strip, it gives Lavo a very trendy feel.  They start you off with complimentary garlic bread wrapped in foil to keep it absolutely straight out of the oven warm. Paired with a red dipping sauce, it melted in my mouth. What was a portion intended for two people did not hold a chance once I began to devour the little bites of heaven. On to the entree. Spaghetti carbonara had my name or should I say my stomach written all over it.  The plate looks deceptively small but once you dig in to the mound of pasta, you know you are gonna walk away satisfied with the portion. The spaghetti carbonara did not disappoint. It was rich in flavor and solid meal all around. It's not the best I have had but considering the location and the ambiance, Lavo definitely deserves 5 stars.  I finished the meal with a white chocolate breading pudding. I wasn't expecting much when I ordered it but wow, what a surprise. It wasn't overpowering or too sweet. It had all the warm elements of a bread pudding with a slight bitter but sweet white chocolate taste. I had had gone into carb heaven a almost went comatose. If you are looking for a trendy Italian Las Vegas hot spot, Lavo will not disappoint.
5	Beautiful trendy place, ambiance is great for a dinner before going out in Vegas. Food was good as well.
1	Zero.  I have eaten here before and the food was pretty good, but here's my story.  My wife and I were looking for somewhere to eat.  We walked in about 4:45, when they opened at five.  I told them we would be right back at five and wanted a table for 2.   Since I couldn't wait in the bar for 15 minutes, I told them that I was going to walk around the corner, grab two wines and be back at 5:00.  My wife and I got some over-priced glasses of wine ($40) in the Casino bar and walked back at 5:00.  The male manager stood there and gave me this look of disdain and in a snotty tone said "You can't bring in any outside drinks.  You'll have the pour them out."   I just started laughing at him.  Really?  Are you the effing TSA?  Pour out $40...for you?  You just saw me 15 minutes ago, it's not like I am sneaking in with a case of beer.  What if I brought in my own expensive wine bottle?  Do you not have a corking fee?   NEVER again will I walk through these doors.  They lost a $400+ bill.  We hopped in a cab and went to Olives at Bellagio and dropped $450.  Patron - 1.  Lavo- 0.  Crappy service, begets a crappy response and something posted forever on the internet.
2	If you're looking for traditional Italian comfort food then this isn't the place. If you're into loud music and nice decor with okay food then you're looking in the right spot. A lot of the menu is seafood based and leaves little options if you're not into that. My wife had Spaghetti Carbonara which was not bad, but wasn't anything to write home to Ma and tell her I found a replacement for her Rigatoni Carbonara. I had the Cavatelli at the suggestion of the server (after discussing not having a Pesto based pasta) and it was less than impressive. I think I could have had spaghetti and meat balls and been more pleased. Both entrees were heavy on the salt, with the Cavatelli being so much that I could barely finish it. The table was uncomfortable to sit at. The base is so large that when you pull your chair up to it your legs have to sit outside the edges of the table itself. In all, it was okay, but for a $70 meal for two, I would have expected more. I guess we have been ruined by so many great menu choices from The Hill.
3	Firstly, the place is great. Very sexy and a cool patio. Plenty of seats to lounge at in a large group. The food and the drinks were tasty, but the SERVICE...where do I begin...The place wasn't very busy when we arrived at 9 on a weeknight. The bartender was rude and acted like we were bothering him. We sat outside in the patio and it took FOREVER for the Asian server girl to greet or offer her serverness. She was rude and standoffish. I made a comment to another server about getting the manager and she quickly changed her tune, but the damage was done. The Treasure Island show can cancelled due to wind advisory so that was a bummer too. We went to the lounge around 10 and it was drab and lifeless. I realize it was early in the night for Vegas, but the Trance music was meh. The bartenders up there though,  we're a 180 from the ones downstairs- nice, approachable, talkative, respectful, attentive... But the vibe for the place just wasn't there for me that night. I will likely not go back unless there's someone majorly cool as a guest.
1	Went here last Wednesday.   I ordered what I was told a popular items: Kobe meatball with ricotta.  I also age chicken parmesan with a dice of Pene pasta.  For desert their oreo malt.  I spit all of this with a friend.  Thr meatball was so salty we both could not eat it.  The server could have cared less when he asked why we did not eat it.  The chicken was bland and basic.  Finally the malt.  My fault here because I guess I did not read the menu clearly because was mini size with a plate of deep fried Oreos.  I thought it was just a oreo malt. All in all I will never go back.  Too many othet choices in vegas with much better food.
5	Delicious Lobster Louie Salad. Dinner comes with delicious garlic bread. Waiters and Waitresses are friendly and have great customer service. Elegant place to have a nice Italian dinner. Kumil Kandahari
1	Terrible service and they can't efficiently handle a party of 11.  We had reservations for 7:30pm on a night that we needed to leave by 8:30pm to make a show.  We told out waitress this and she said no problem.  My wife ordered a soda from the waitress and it never came.  They put us at the end of the table, right where the walkway for the wait staff was.  Two out of three of them bumped into my chair each and every time they went past.  I scooted in as far as I could go.The menu is al a cart, so get ready for Vegas food price gouging!  At 8:32pm, our food still had not shown, so we left.  Went to the show and had pretzels and beer.  When we left we went back to the Ventian, but not to LAVO.  Not EVER!Had a good late night meal at Grand LUX Cafe.  Good food there!
2	Honestly expected more.  The food was mediocre at best and WAY overpriced.   First time ever that I've paid for extra bread.  Service was ok.  Nice atmosphere.  Chef wouldn't add spices I requested.  Blandest tuna steak I've  ever eaten.  I make it better myself. Add $40-$50 for water and bread.
4	We had a great time dining here. We set a reservation and decided to sit outside.Their garlic bread wrapped in foil was amazing! It also came with a red dipping sauce that went well with the bread.We ordered the Roasted Chilean Sea Bass - amazing and perfectly cooked, not too crispy on the outside and melted right in the center. It came with heirloom tomatoes and crispy portabella mushrooms. My wife ordered the Center Cut Filet - medium. Cooked well and had good flavor. We also had a side of the Thumbelina Carrots, which were enough for two - good flavor with the gorgonzola and shaved beets.Our server did a good job and it was a great dining experience overall.
5	Decided on LAVO since it was probably the closest place to eat in our hotel. So glad we did! We got sat right away, were greeted by our server ( who btw not only was awesome but very handsome) . They are also dressed very nice with suspenders. The coffee there was great. And i' m super picky as I drink coffee everywhere I go. Brunch was also awesome, they served us different breads-pastries while we waited for our meal which was delicious to say the least. Everyone there was super nice and even stopped to converse with us. I would definitely go back again. 5 stars on my list.
5	who cares about anything else? just get the meatball. Pizza was pretty good as well.
1	Very disappointed in Lavo Las Vegas. I had eaten at the one in NYC and it was good. But this one in Vegas was a terrible experience. I had taken 8 clients there for dinner and no one liked their food. The meatball app was the only thing decent to eat. I ordered their chicken dish and it was so dry I had to chase it down with water to even swallow it. My wife ordered the Pena Ala Vodka and it was dry wife no sauce. Like it had been under a heat lamp for hours. Bottom line: Over rated. Dry food. Simply blows!
1	Tell the chef to balance the size of the dishes. The best part of my meal was the bread.
5	Our server was fantastic, although his name escapes me at the moment (tall, very short hair). I complimented the manager on the entire experience. At fancier restaurants, I tend to notice that my boyfriend and I (both in our early-mid twenty's) do not get the same attention as the group of businessmen that are sitting at the table two down from us. I understand the stereotype, especially because younger people usually can't afford to eat out at places of this one's stature. However, this was definitely not the case here. Our server greeted us right away and offered us cocktails, although we both only ordered water. He walked us through the menu, giving suggestions, explaining the food & specialty items and answering my  myriad of questions with patience and a smile.We started with the Tuna Tartare Appetizer, which was out of this world. The tuna was fresh and the sauce complimented it perfectly. I had the minestrone soup after that, which was also good, but nothing extraordinary.For dinner, I had the rock shrimp lemon zest risotto. And WOW, my mouth still waters just thinking about it.My boyfriend had the Bone in Filet. The flavor was unmatched. I've been to many a fancy steakhouses, but this was the best bone in filet I'd ever had. Although it came out EXACTLY as our server described it, there was no irritation when my boyfriend asked for it to be cooked a little bit more before we packed it to go.Overall, everything was wonderful. I wish I didn't live quite so far away, or this would quickly become a weekly favorite.
5	Ugh. As if i havent sung this place enough praises, here I am writing another review for it. So, second time in Vegas for 4th of july vaca. Brought a new group of girls to indulge with me and everything was just as delicious as I last left it. From the time they bring you the garlic bread and marinara, just lean back and unbuckle your belt/corsets to make room, cause everything is so effing delicious. Apparently I fell into a trance and started licking the sauce off the table with my fingers. Wow. Moving on, I had my chilean seabass with a side of mushrooms, it was perfection as usual. Others ordered a risotto, a seafood Alfredo, rave reviews on the texture and freshness for both, a marinara pizza, long classic flavorful, a lobster bisque, not my fave, they make theirs taste too gingery I find, but it does have big delish chunks of lobster. But let me bring it back because the MVP of our dinner was the calamari. Again, wow, simples done right, nice and crisp tight batter and the meaty perfectly sized hoops, again dunking into that heavenly marinara. Once again, I haven't made it as far as desert cause we're always so stuffed before entrees even come, portions are huge, plus the drinks are great, we always enjoy gummi bear shots, and sparkling selections. Ugh, just so much winning to do here. Service was kind and prompt as usual, last hear we had a really cool brunette guy who comped us some shots, this time we had a lady with a short blunt cut bob, she was very nice and cautious of bringing everything quickly for us, knowing that we had to go somewhere after, and she even comped a dish for a girl who felt the pasta in her alfredo was a little too hard, and brought out a recooked version out of courtesy. Thats good service in my book, treat your customers like you truly want them to enjoy their food and experience at all costs, and that keeps us coming back. Also, I have another Lavo location here in NY that I've dined at before to get a fix for my favorites, but its just nowhere near as delish. They cook with extra love at this Vegas location, totally worth flying out 5 hours for! Sidenote, I'm disappointed to see they closed their nightclub part. Had really good times there last year (retroactive shoutouts to the chocolate cutie who used to work there named Noah ;-) Now they just have a cocktail/hookah lounge, that was actually closed on the Sunday we went so place was pretty quiet and chill. Its all good, we had limos and bottles waiting elsewhere to turn up, this dinner was still worth all of our attention!
1	I have been to Lavo before and was excited about it again.  I made reservations for several of my colleagues (C level) and the CEO of our company for a Wednesday at 8pm.  I made these reservations through Lavo's website via OpenTable and confirmed with a credit card.  We arrived promptly at 8pm and were told our table was not ready.  After waiting 30 minutes, our CEO asked the young ladies why we could not be seated and they both just shrugged.  Fifteen minutes later we still had no answers as to why we had been waiting 45 minutes for a table booked almost a month prior. The hostesses were completely unconcerned. I'm sure Lavo has the same food it did last time, however the incompetence level of the staff and manager are inexcusable.  Only make a reservation here if you are interested in scrambling to find another dinner spot when they cannot accommodate you.  If they cannot learn to hold a table reservation, then they need to stop taking reservations.
5	What a nice little surprise. I probably would have never picked this place to go eat but was out on a bachelorette party and ended up going with the ladies. It is a fun atmosphere and they have great cocktails in pitchers!! WOO HOO PITCHERS!! The one we ordered tasted like candy! Shared a bunch of appetizers and pizzas. They start you off with some amazing garlic bread. We followed it with the giant meatball (it really is giant) . Some Calamari which was good though I am not a huge fan of Calamari. Next was the beet salad and the Ceaser salad, both were crisp and fresh. We followed this off with 3 pizzas. It was too much food for 7 girls and we had some pizza left over. All three pizzas we tried were yummy and packed with flavors. Overall it was very reasonably priced as well. The manager came by, congratulated the bride to be and made us a round of shots. Great service, great experience I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.
5	Amazing as always. For those who complain about reservations and getting pagers, they can't control when people sit there talking for hours after they're done eating. The experience is worth the 10 minute wait. On a Friday night at 9:30pm, we were seated in 2 minutes. The restaurant has a live dj, and the atmosphere is a little loud. There was an older couple next to us who really didn't like the music (typical dance music with some 90s remixes), but there was a few bachelorette parties who seemed to enjoy it. Their signature drinks are amazing (try the white tiger) or call your own. The bartenders are friendly and have a heavy hand if you put your phone down and talk to them. Food. Beef carpaccio is worth every penny if you're into the raw stuff. After trying it at dozens of restaurants in Vegas, I can say hands down, this is the best. The pizzas are to die for, and the spinach and artichoke is no exception. Spaghetti and meatballs is great to if you want pasta, and the steaks are just as great if you're craving meat. I'm not a seafood person but people I've gone with, rave about the fish as well. The (free) garlic bread they bring you, will fill you up as well because you can't stop eating it. When you're done, try the Oreo zeppole and hope you've saved room. They're battered and deep fried and come out very soft. The other desserts are good, but this one is the best - ask your server, it's the most popular. Needless to say, I will keep coming back.
5	Had an amazing meal here! The cocktails were great. The vibe is very cool- we had our meal in the lounge so I can only really speak for that area. The complimentary garlic bread is flat out the BEST garlic bread you will ever have. The meat ball was incredible. Calamari was good. Cheese pizza was good.
5	The newly renovated lounge is a perfect place for a chill night in Vegas--great vibe and atmosphere, fantastic music, delicious cocktails and most importantly FRIED OREOS. We ordered the Ricotta Meatballs, Tomato Basil Pizza, and the Calamari--all of which was incredible, but did I mention the friend oreos? Yeah, one of the best things I've ever tasted!
5	Had an awesome dinner at Lavo. Other than wait about 1/2 hour past our 9 PM reservation this place was perfect. They had a DJ playing great music during dinner and the food was amazing. Our group tried the lobster bisque, minestrone, Cesar salad, spaghetti with tomato and basil, chicken parm and spaghetti and meatballs and all of them were amazing. Highly recommended and we will be back!
4	Food was good, service was great. We started with a salumi platter which had prosciutto, salami, cheeses and bread. I had the sea bass which was wonderfully prepared, crisp seasoned crust on the outside, juicy in the inside with a light sauce and fresh tomatoes. My co-diners had pasta which were giant portions.We sat on the outside patio which was really pleasant right on the strip.Great drinks too!
4	Had dinner there tonight. Food was really good. Marguerita pizza was fab, the Truffle fries were SICK! That alone was worth the trip for me. Not to impressed with the Pomegranate Lemonade drink. The waiter was AWESOME! I did feel like the support staff was rushing to clear our food, even tho we weren't done yet :/ Would def visit again.
5	upscale Italian in a swanky lounge atmosphere. can you dig it? I can.started with some really good garlic bread. I'm still going to mock people who get overworked over garlic bread, but this was quite addictive.the menu is pretty standard Italian with a bit of steakhouse mixed in. my "crispy chicken Dominic" was an excellent choice, coated in a chili/balsamic glaze and perfectly tender, juicy, and flavorful. nice kick from the chili peppers!as for the drink, I had the Amaro Is Another Day, which was pretty tasty. it had amaro liqueor, which is similar to Fernet Branca, and I think simple syrup. sidenote: I have a love/hate with Fernet Branca because it was everywhere in Argentina.dessert was the highlight of the meal. we got the plate of Oreo zeppole with malted vanilla dip. yes, it's like what you'd get at a street fair or carnival, but without the gut-clenching pains to follow after.service was excellent and the DJ was on point playing a great upbeat mix (but not too loud and overbearing).
1	Over-priced, mediocre food and lousy service.1. My $35 steak was dry and didn't come with anything else other than lemon and decoration. 2. Most of the waiters look like they hate their jobs. I thanked a waiter for refilling my water glass and he grumbled a very insincere "you're welcome." And yet another waiter dropped and broke a glass object behind my sister, terrifying her and my mother. He then left it there and left without a word. No "sorry" or anything. 3. Music is too darn loud. I came here to enjoy my dinner and company, not having to yell to have a conversation. Will certainly not be coming back. I could have eaten better food for a cheaper price and better service elsewhere.
5	Meatballs.Lavo has mastered the art of the perfect meatball!  A friend and I always go and split it. It's an appetizer and we get full.And theGarlic butter bread....ok that's enough my mouth Is now watering.
5	This place is awesome!! This is our second time dining here and it never disappoints. We had the chilean sea bass, dover sole, shrimp scampi, spaghetti with meatballs which are all terrific. The music playing in the background are upbeat pop sounds. Most of the diners that come here wear business casual but i saw some in shorts and flip flops.We will definitely go back here..
2	Great atmosphere, awesome drinks but food was horrible. We had the rice balls which were still cold inside, the chicken ravioli and veal parm which both tasted like they could have been at Olive Garden. Even the bread pudding was bad. I would go back for a drink but that's it.
3	My wife and I really enjoyed the restaurant. The food exceeded our expectations, but the service was just okay. We had reservations for a romantic dinner and ending up having to wait almost 20 minutes past our reservation time. Asked for a booth or corner table and we got sat right in the middle and the tables are very close to one another and its not the intimate that you may be looking for.My wife absolutely loved the express shot here. Place is worth checking out and making your own opinion.
2	The service here was awesome.  Our waiter, a transplant from NYC whom we affectionately called Suspenders due to his uniform, was above reproach.  He was funny, personable and patient with our large group of girls out for a night on the town. He cracked jokes with us and showed us pictures of his young son.  Also, he wasn't bad to look at.The ambiance was of the trendy lounge-cum-restaurant variety.  The same cookie cutter recipe seen over and over in most cities. Think exposed brick, low lighting, brushed cement floors and ambient music heavy on the bass and low on vocals.  Nothing wrong with it, just nothing to write home about either.  I could walk right now to about 50 places that fit that description.The food?  Underwhelming.  To say the very least.  I ordered the gnocchi and was warned prior that it was made of semolina, so I should expect it to be denser than what I may be accustomed to. That may have been the only interesting thing about the dish.  The truffle cream was simply adequate, the rabbit ragu was meh and the whole thing came out tepid.  It seems that whomever was doing the timing back in the kitchen should have waited for the Chicken Dominic that my fellow diners ordered to be nearly done before putting my dish up in the window.  The assessments from the other people in my party (of 7) mirrored my own.  The Chicken Parmesan was 'okay', the Chicken Dominic came off as 'something I could make better myself' and the Chicken Marsala was actually deemed 'worse than the Marsala I made at home last week'.  There was one bright spot in the group: the Lobster Scampi Pizza, which my friend ate up with delight.Overall, I can't say it was the worst place I've ever eaten.  But it was forgettable.  And a little disappointing.  Perhaps a little more spice, a little more flavor and some better timing in the kitchen LAVO could elevate itself to 4 stars.  But I just don't see that it will ever have the legs to climb the rungs all the way to the top.
5	LAVO is an awesome place to day drink during the Saturday brunches. Normally at clubs the security guards are rude and grimacing. However, when we walked up they were very nice (yet strict) at the same time. We had a connection with a promoter to get in line, but once we got in line Justin, the guard at the front, had a great personality and was more then happy to have a conversation. That rarely happens to me in Vegas. Also while we were in line, two of our friends walked up and he let them join us so we didn't get separated. He was the reason I wanted to write this review (GO JUSTIN!)Aside from the extremely nice staff, this brunch is an activity you HAVE to do when you plan a weekend in Vegas. There is so much activity and the DJs are awesome. If you're like me in vegas, you don't want to sleep all day or just have lunch at McDonalds... You want to have experience new things... and DRINK and NEVER sleep. 5 stars for giving me a crazy time before it even struck 5pm.
5	The restaurant is gorgeous inside, but we ate out on the patio and it was also beautiful some of the nicest bathrooms I have seen! I tried the Lavolini which was super tart and delish!We had the kobe rice balls for an appetizer they were crisp and cheesy. The garlic bread was amazing.My friend had the seafood alfredo and said it was one of the best she ever had and I had the mushroom and chicken ravioli great portion size and also very good.No dessert we were too full but everything was fantastic.Our waiter was also super attentive and very sweet.
5	Lavo is my fave place to dine in Vegas! I love the Kobe beef meatball, the creamy lobster bisque soup , the garlic bread w sauce, everything is so YUMMY!! Quality of food is top notch! Def go and eat any occasion!!! It's the best!!
5	LOVED it!!! I made dinner reservations for my friends bachelorette party on Friday night. We booked the "Lavo Feast" which was served family style. We had the pizza and calamari for appetizers, salad, Spaghetti, chicken Marsala, mashed potatoes, asparagus, and dessert. The dessert was just ok and I felt the calamari could have been more crispy, but other then that I thought the food tasted GREAT! The service was attentive and friendly. The atmosphere was perfect for our bachelorette party and after dinner we were able to walk right into Tao's night club (Bring your dinner receipt). Well worth the money. I highly recommend it!!
5	One of the best on the Vegas Strip... Kobe Meatballs, Veal Parmesan and the Ricotta Cavetelli were the most outstanding!  Also check out the Peanut Butter chocolate layer cake.. out of this world and can feed a table of 8.  Great atmosphere too. There is a lot of competition, but this one you will not be sorry for if you are looking for not your average everyday Italian restaurant.
5	Best. Meatballs. Ever.  Nuff said.Okay, I'll say more. Seriously this place was amazing. I'm getting hungry again just thinking about how great our meal was. We were in Vegas during restaurant week and 4 out of the 5 of us ordered off the pre-fixe menu. We shared one of the kobe beef meatballs with ricotta and tomato sauce to start. This was amazing!! Served in a mini cast-iron skillet and served piping hot. Gah. Amazing. We were also served fresh garlic bread, right out of the oven. One of the best starts to a meal I've probably ever had. We also had a bottle of Malbec which really set off all the rich dishes. For my pre fixe menu, I had the arancini, penne ala vodka, and strawberry shortcake. Unfortunately the rest of the meal didn't quite live up the start, but everything was still fantastic. Arancini was soft and fluffly, and penne had a great vodka sauce (penne was a little al dente in my opinion). I only had a couple bites of my dessert since I was so full at that point, but that was also wonderful. Service was absolutely fantastic. We had several different waiters buzzing around us throughout the course of the meal clearing plates, filling water, and checking on us. Our server was super friendly and outgoing- even bumped my mom out of the bad mood she was in. Wonderful Italian on the strip!
3	Decor was great. Food was great with incredible desserts . Staff was excellent. Unfortunately, our waiter was not so attentive and acted as if he was too busy. Restaurant was half full! To management: we were the party of 6 placed in the back corner round table and was seated at 7:30pm Monday night
3	i know the dinner here is amazing and deserves 4 or 5 stars, but i came here for brunch which i thought was average. the ambiance is trendy, with a relaxing outdoor seating area. the service was great and i really liked our waitress; she was super nice and helpful. both the ambiance and service truly deserve 5 stars, the food however is a 3. you start off brunch with a basket of pastries, which i thought were more delicious than the food honestly. our server said that the pastries change all the time, but you could tell they were fresh and homemade. i ordered the make your own omelet, while my fiancee got the nutella and banana crepe. the omelet wasn't anything out of the ordinary, but the side of homefries that came with the dish were very yummy. i'm not a big fan of crepes, but i thought the nutella and banana crepe was pretty good. the portions here are pretty big as well, so come with a big appetite.it wasn't the worst place i've been to for brunch, but i would consider another restaurant during my next stay in vegas.
4	Everything about Lavo is yummmm! Starting with the DELISH garlic bread, then the corn side, artichoke and margarita flatbreads, and all 3 pastas (rigatoni, penne, and ravioli)! The only dish that wasn't great was the eggplant parm. It had seitan in it that have it a weird texture and taste. Best thing on the menu: DEEP FRIED OREO DESSERT!! The batter taste a bit like a beignet with powdered sugar and of course the yum yum vanilla shake that comes with it! Eat it right away while it's still hot!
5	MEATBALLS!! That's all you gotta know about Lavo (the restaurant) Staying at the Palazzo means having an array or restaurants to choose from. My friend and I wanted something convenient, Italian, with outdoor seating availability. We chose Lavo. We actually took quite a bit of time looking over the menu; having trouble deciding on a pasta dish, meatballs, or a signature dish.  Our eyes were definitely bigger than our appetites. After having decided on an order of Kobe Meatballs with Ricotta, Salmon Oreganto, and the Chicken and Mushroom Ravioli, we quickly had a change of heart.  The waiter gave us fair warning that the first two dishes would be sufficient, and boy was he right.  We cancelled the ravioli and ordered: Kobe Meatballs with Ricotta ($22): holy meatball.. this thing was ginormous! The waiter wasn't kidding around, this could easily serve 3-4 people; especially after serving us the complimentary garlic bread. The meatball was juicy and tender, although a bit salty for my taste (I am very senstiive to salty foods) but to anybody else I'm sure it's just the right amount of salty.  Perfect when paired with the garlic bread.  Definitely something I would come back for in the future. Hell, I'd even come, sit at the bar and order just the meatball.Salmon Oreganato ($29): this too was a bit on the saltier side. We honestly probably could have done without this had we known the garlic bread would be so filling.  The fish was pretty good, not too dry and very flavorful.  The cucumber nestled underneath the salmon helped balance the saltiness of the fish and was very refreshing.  20 Layer Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake ($13):  This was quite a hefty-sized cake.  Pretty good bang for your buck if you're sharing among 4+ people.  Between the two of us, we barely made a dent.  It tasted like a peanut butter cup... and I LOVE peanut  butter cups.  I will say, I am not a fan of the chocolate shavings they put on the outside of the cake.. too crunchy and adds to the already over-sweet taste of the dessert.
5	Excellent food!! Colby meatball amazing. Definitely ho to this restaurant when in Vegas
1	Horrible service and horrible food. The seafood pasta was under cooked and had a very fishy taste. The chicken marsala tasted like chicken teriyaki from a cheap Chinese restaurant. Worst chicken marsala ever!!!! Do not eat here. Even their bread came out cold with their cold red sauce for dipping.
1	Too many great places to go, would NOT recommend. Food wasn't anything great, very pricey.  Meatball was ok, wait staff was off and on. Disappointed. And wish I would have gone elsewhere. Don't think this restaurant has the class for this hotel!!
1	I've traveled a great deal for work and have been a part of many restaurant openings. I have frequented Lavo, Las Vegas, Nv. about 10 or more times. On half of those occasions I witnessed staff treating patrons as "second class" to other staff members. One instance I witnessed a girl had fallen down their step stairs in the club. They escorted her out, accused her of being drunk and banned her. In the restaurant one evening a patron was leaving when he was run into by someone running down the stairs. I heard the patron say as he pushed him off, "Watch where you're going." A fair response. The other person took an aggressive stance and threatened the patron. As it turns out the other person was an employee. I have never cared for the attitude at a business that the customer is there for the benefit of the employee.
4	Really great Italian food and great atmosphere. I usually go here for birthday dinners when I visit Vegas, it great for big groups or couples. What's amazing:Chicken marshalsMeatball w/riccotta (this is a massive meatball)
1	We waited 45 minutes for our Oreo dessert and it came with melted ice cream and did not even compare to the deep fried Oreos you find at a county fair. The atmosphere is loud and un romantic. If you're into the club scene you will like this place better. The server was a very sweet girl who was very nice.
5	Lavo is a great place not only for fabulous food but also the nightclub is enjoyable with great music! Went to dinner last night and the charbroiled octopus is to die for (great meaty inside with a crispy outter char). The raw oyster bar is always a must have and presented very pretty! I am a fish fan as I do not eat meat and I had the Dover Sole with brussel sprouts and it was excellent. My date had the sea bass and the fish was very flaky and moist as well. Did not do dessert this time but will definitely have to try the choc cake I saw - it was a girls birthday and this choc tower cake came out as well as the waiter with the wooden Lavo paddle! She got a birthday spanking; very cute birthday touch ;).
5	Located in the Palazzo Hotel/Casino, Lavo is a dark and sexy Italian restaurant and bar. There is a full bar with loads of speciality Martina's and cocktails, Jon Bon Jovi stood next to us enjoying some beverage while a DJ played some subtle techno music. It wasn't very loud, but definitely had a cool urban feel. We were seated at our table inside for 10 people (there is also seating on the balcony) and ordered a variety of appetizers; the seafood tower on ice, fresh muscles, clams, prawns, crab legs, delicious! Grilled eggplant, Kobe rice meatballs and bruschetta came out next, everyone commented on the nice quality.  For dinner I ordered spaghetti Fra Diavolo with grilled prawns (spicy and delectable), hubby had the ahi tuna (loved it). Everyone commented on their meals being savory and well made. We ordered the Strawberry Shortcake for dessert, probably the best I've ever had (thyme biscuits went well with the fresh strawberries and creme).  All in all the ambiance, food, service (our waiter was very attentive and friendly) was A+.
3	Surprised that they were open late. Nice to know for the future, goo pasta dishes, minestrone soup needs more flavor.  Outside seating was nice. Note sure if they put heat lamps out soon but this night was enjoyable and if available I would recommend.
3	The house special is the spaghetti and meatballs. The serving was modest  and I did not find anything exceptional. It was good but over priced for the portion and quality. Service was ok but again not noteworthy.
1	The ambiance is nice at Lavo, but the service & food were unsatisfactory. Had Saturday brunch outside on a beautiful day with friends, however, when I ordered the hamburger & it was served, I asked for mustard. That's when the silliness by the wait staff began. First, the waiter said he would go get it. Then, approximately 5 minutes later, he came to the table & said they were out. When I told him I couldn't believe a restaurant that serves burgers would be out of mustard, he laughed & said that the head chef actually hates mustard & refuses to have it in the restaurant. I had not realized the burger had already been covered with mayonnaise, which I can't eat. The fries that accompanied the burger smelled awful and apparently had been fried in some sort of truffle oil. The meat was overcooked. All in all, a pretty bad meal with a big price tag. If you're looking for a great American hamburger, although it's on the menu at Lavo, skip it. After this experience I won't be going back.
5	Went for the party brunch and man it was such a blast. Great atmosphere, drinks and food. Chicken parm and waffles were also awesome.
3	LAVO Brunch is so strange. It's pretty much ratchet night clubbing during the day. But don't get it twisted with Vegas pool parties; LAVO is on a whole 'nother level.I really wanted to go day clubbing but Marquee Dayclub Dome was closed over the weekend and all other pool parties had ended for the season. When my promoter suggested LAVO Brunch, I hopped on the opportunity. None of my friends wanted to go, so it was just Craig P. and me.We arrived around 3 pm and thanks to my promoter, both of us walked in for free without a wait. The moment we stepped in, I regret my decision. It was crazy inside. LAVO is an actual restaurant with dining tables all around. People were dressed to the nines, brunching, eating on dining tables, and DANCING on them, along with several go-go dancers. The restaurant is dimly lit, misty, and foggy inside. We weren't trying to get pussy misted at three in the afternoon so after a 5-minute walk-around, Craig and I were over it and bounced.If this sounds like something you'd enjoy, then by all means, come and have fun! It's about $100-150 per person if you want a table, brunch, and bottles. But if you're looking for something more chill, like Marquee Dayclub or Encore Beach Club, LAVO is not the place.
1	Had the chicken and waffles and it could possibly be the worst thing ever. Being from the south and having had many chicken and waffle entrees; this was the worst. For a restaurant that is suppose to be so good they fail at this. On top of that is poor service. Slow. Ask for something an hour before you need it. Horrible experience.
1	I cannot understand how this place has so many 4+ star ratings. The environment is nice and it has a decent vibe but avoid the food. A better meal can be found at Fazolis. First off, they gave me a menu that was outdated. So my original selection was no longer offered. I settled on shrimp scampi which was essentially like eating tough rubber balls. The side dish of Alfredo was also horrendous. Finally, I thought I might be able to redeem dinner with a piece of cheesecake. Well not to disappoint I had a large completely taste free block of cheese with barely thawed berries. Oh and the fun didn't stop with dinner. This dinner continued to reward me well into the night with a severe bout of intestinal distress. AVOID THIS PLACE.
5	This review is for the LAVO party brunch over Halloween weekend.Let me just start by saying, this was the highlight of our Vegas trip.  I went with a group of about 50 or so friends and we all loved this place.About 10 of us girls and one of our guy friends were able to get in for free because we arrived about an hour early and had a fantastic promoter! We had a table around the bar area upstairs and they had goodies set up at the table for us, glow bracelets and necklaces, flower clips, mustaches, just fun little things that we thought were pretty funny to try on.  It was Day of the Dead theme so we all had flowers in our hair.  We received bottle service throughout brunch and were even served five amazing dishes including eggs benedict, my favorite, and belgian waffles amongst other delicious dishes.  Service was great, the staff was extremely helpful and courteous.  Once all of our friends began showing up, we were all pretty tipsy, having an amazing time, the DJ was killing it the whole day and none of us wanted to leave! I may or may not have spent $200 on Patron shots, but I'm just going to keep pretending that that did not happen.
3	I've been to LAVO nightclub like...3 years ago and my only memory of it then was how tiny and dark it was and having to weave in and out of the crowd.  I've never been back aside from now, but for their "Champagne Brunch" on Saturday.I'm still confused why it's called a Brunch at 2PM, but whatever,  Everyone got in free, including dudes, if you have a good promoter. Only the bottom room is open where they have all the tables set up.   It was open bar for the girls as well from 2-3PM and the bartenders were not stingy about that AT ALL.  There's an indoor dining area, the bar, and an outdoor patio area.  They play loud club music with the windows drawn, but there's no dance floor if that's what you're looking for.   Inside seating is reserved for table service.  Outside is first come first serve.  Nice place to chill and get your (Free) drank on.  Crowd was kind of bougie looking to be honest, but then again, it is Vegas.  It was a nice pit stop before hitting up a buffet.
4	Our friend heard about the giant kobe beef meatballs so I made an Open Table reservation within the hour and we walked over from our hotel!  The staff was very friendly and welcoming and we got a booth in the corner which was warm and inviting!  We decided to eat family style and get a taste of everything.  We were served complimentary garlic bread served with a tomato based sauce which was tasty.  We ordered a beet salad and the beets were good but the dressing was a bit on the sour side.  Then we had the Kobe meatball cut into four and it was humongous, tasty and filling!  Good thing we split it.  Next was the salmon oregano which was a hearty portion and very moist and delish.  The ending dish was the spinach and artichoke pizza which was hardy and had tasty mushrooms but nothing spectacular compared to the salmon.  All in all a tasty dining experience.
5	If you want a party during the day in the cold season, this is the place to be, especially for brunch on a Saturday.  When my friends and I came, the place was already packed.  We had to wait out front, but luckily it wasn't a long wait.  During the wait we just talked about how easy that one lady's job was just sitting on a high chair in a bikini looking pretty and we were wondering how much she got paid doing that lolThere was guest list (brunch time 2-4pm) for ladies and gents, but only the ladies get complimentary champagne. We went through my promoter and it was suggested that we book a table; he was right.  Mainly for the ladies, it's $100 per girl.  You get food and drinks.  It was hard to walk around when my friends and I were there, so I would suggest booking a table if you're willing to throw down some money and have a good time.  My friends and I came kind of late, so next time we'll come earlier.
5	We went for dinner, and there was no nightclub.  We had a pleasant dinner with 6 friends.  Service was excellent, and I'm still dreaming about my salami and cheese platter.
4	While my most recent dining experience at Lavo was not as stunning as before, I and my party enjoyed an excellent meal.  As an opener, Baked Clams Oreganato yielded very garlicky clams but they were accompanied in their shells by a very tasty sauce.  And, the buttery Garlic Bread that came with the meal was so good that I sought and received another loaf--and, after its arrival, polished off most of it myself.  A Caesar Salad was an excellent Caesar, with unusual Pesto Croutons and requested anchovies.This time for my chosen entree I went more rustic, and, opting for some fine peasant cuisine, ordered Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs, which featured large meaty balls, a superior thick tomato-based sauce, and fresh Ricotta and Parmigiano Cheese.  The dish was quite satisfying, as was a side of Roasted Rosemary Potatoes.  Diane also enjoyed her well-pounded Veal Parm.Service was excellent and attentive.  The only discordant note was really the too loud driving music played nonstop by the DJ.  It did not harmonize well with digesting food or trying to carry on a conversation with one's spouse and friends across a dining table.   Loss of a half-step, and so a half-star, this outing.  A 4-1/2-star experience overall!
4	I would have given this place 5 if it wasn't for the horrible server we had. Pleasantly surprised here at Lavo Ambiance was great food was terrific. Meatball... Amazing and so so soft Octopus ... Charred with some sort of lemon    Salad. So great. Carpaccio .... Amazing with arugula and parmesan.  Cavatelli with meat sauce and ricotta amazing   Seabass- light with a lemon sauce. YumChicken Marsala... Mouth is still watering. Seafood Alfredo. Shrimp, scallops, in a light cream sauce. Yum! Not overtly thick at all! Tiramisu ... No go for me. Just too much. I was wowed.
3	Lavo is going down hill.I rated 5 stars on Tripadvisors about 10 months ago.The staffs looked exhausted and no smile on their faces.The meatballs were bland...no fresh herbs? Oreo Cookie desert was overly fried and oilly....used to be light and airy.Sad to say,Lavo used to be my must visit restaurant in Vegas.
5	My girls and I came here for brunch all the food was amazing. I had the Lobster Benedict with a spicy bloody mary and because it was my birthday, they gave me a complimentary strawberry shortcake for dessert. One of my friend's had the chicken sausage that was a little sweet and a little savory. Overall, the food was great and I recommend everyone visiting Vegas stop by and try this wonderful place
4	Food was good, service was ok but expected because it was pretty busy. Had an accident and spilled red wine on white shorts, disappointed staff didn't offer to help clean or offer anything to clean shirts just moved us to different table.
5	Food, service and ambiance were impeccable. Antonio is passionate about the food and wants to ensure you enjoy your experience.
5	I can't tell you just how impressed I was with Lavo.  I was pretty apprehensive going to dinner at someplace known for its club and not its restaurant.  This place exceeded my expectations!  They even have a live DJ playing music in the restaurant (not loudly, just the right volume to set the tone for a night out in Vegas).  A group of us went for my birthday.  The meal was amazing, the service was awesome, the birthday spanking by our waiter in the middle of the restaurant was unexpected.  A number of people in our party ordered steaks (which they are still raving about), my husband got their infamous meatball (it was both delicious and HUGE).  Good times, great food, cool ambiance.
4	Food and ambiance were very good. Nice creative place for vegas style dinner. I would go back.
5	We came here at 10 am on a saturday. Try to had brunch before it turn into a day club in which I came back in three hours!!!Had a bloody mary. Not bad but not as good as morels.Had lobster benedict, mac and cheese with an egg and pancetta, and Kobe signature meatball. Must have!!!Mac and cheese is best I ever had also.  Definitely coming back.
5	I recently spent five righteous days at The Palazzo Hotel in Las Vegas between Christmas and New Year's Eve. On the 1st night, I was hanging out with my Family at the 'Imperial Bar', a suggestion was made to go check out 'LAVO'. We walked in and was seated readily by the highly courteous Waitstaff. We ordered a Massive meatball with Ricotta cheese,  a 4-Cheese Pizza, and some soup - we just wanted to keep it simple for this initial visit. While we were waiting, we were given garlic bread with marinara sauce to nibble upon while waiting for the sumptuous meal to come. During our wait, one of the Managers came over and spent a few minutes to greet us, his name was Francis and he recommended that we head over to 'TAO' Nightclub over at The Venetian Hotel. The food arrived and at the first taste I can honestly say this is some of the Absolute Best Italian fare that I have had in several years. We feasted heartily and then expeditiously trekked over to 'TAO' and saw multitudes of folks trying to get in, only to be consistently shot down in their attempts by gain entry by a platoon of Bouncers who were keeping them at bay with great ease - Considering this scene, it did not seem possible that we would gain entry. We ended up being given access in less than 4 minutes just at the mention of Francis's name - what we experienced inside can only be described as a scene that one would only see in a movie - it was spectacular!!! What a wild conclusion to a most flavorful evening!!! We made a 2nd visit to 'LAVO' prior to flying out of Vegas, and the ambience along with the food was superior, as it was the first time! I cannot say enough about the customer service they provided, the Waitstaff delivers excellence with a smile every time!!When I return to Las Vegas, i will be going back to 'LAVO' as the 1st stop on my list. It was excellent experience that I would recommend to anyone looking for Outstanding Italian food in Las Vegas !!!!
